, simply because it’s his. Unable to give up on his guilt, even if he tries to convince everyone to do the same.
“Get to work, Avenger.” Nick smiles, a tiny thing at the corner of his mouth, as Tony ungracefully gapes at the page and can’t find the words to reply before Fury turns around and walks out, like he owns the entire place.
, it just didn’t make any sense!” He gestures wildly between Tony and Natasha, face contorted in absolute confusion, like the very thought of it causes him pain somehow.
They are hiding in Cambodia this time around. It’s getting harder and harder to move with the entire group, they are too many and not inconspicuous at all, not when their faces are known by the entire world. It’s their last night together, they decided – Wanda and Clint will go a bit farther without them, and Scott is still thinking about what he’ll do, and he only has a few hours left to decide. They leave as soon as the sun rises.
He just stands there as watches as they all consider this nervously, and hopes with all his might they’ll just
All Tony has to draft comparison are the years of alcohol-induced haze, and the shame he pretends he didn’t feel the next morning, even though he couldn’t remember doing the things he did.
He makes a lazy gesture with his neck, his head swaying to the side a little, eyes fluttering in a tired expression.
, awkwardly balancing himself on narrow steps and leaning heavily on Nebula’s side, injured and lacking nourishment.
The king stares down at him for a moment – which only goes to show how much power he holds in his posture and presence, because he is no more than a small projection on Steve’s palm, and still, Steve feels like he somehow is being analyzed from above, like a child under the inspection of an extremely demanding adult –, before he says:
He looks like he was caught stealing a candy bar from a 7-Eleven and now has no way out of the scolding of a lifetime.
the damned thing to him, for him to grasp it, to hold it, as if that what was Tony intended to do by getting closer. It
Before he can berate himself any further, Nebula releases him and stands up, stiff and rigid, her shoulders squared in determination, and Tony unconsciously reaches up and grabs her hand, still too on edge, still unable to comprehend what exactly is happening around him.
Pepper, of course, recognizes Tony’s word for what they really are, a request for some private time with Bruce, but she still hesitates a little, her brows furrowed slightly. “You need to eat something too.”
“There are people.” Tony exhales, so suddenly and sharply it almost sounds like a sob. “In the hospital. We have to go back in there. I have to see them—”
, so openly honest and so, so earnest that Tony feels it all the way down to his bones, it hits into his chest like a blow,
As the weeks pass, the others slowly start coming in too. Bruce comes back after a short trip to Calcutta to grab a few of his belongings and moves into the Tower with an ease that is heartwarming to see. Thor drops by to see his quarters, but says he’s gonna be on and off for a while, because there’s a girl he’s seeing in New Mexico and he wants to spend more time with her now he’s down here.
She stares him down, face tilted down but eyes wide, locked on Tony’s face like a laser aim, both wary and uncaring about his reaction to her words, and he feels completely shaken. It’s not meant to intimidate him, not quite; It’s… It’s the unnerving, unknown edge between desperately wanting support but not being willing to admit it, and the resolve to act even without it, but not wanting to do it alone all the same.
? Tony believes JARVIS had feelings, and Ultron’s rage against them and his distress over his connection to Tony in any way made it very hard to believe he wasn’t acting on
“The Sorcerer Supreme who preceded Stephen Strange was discovered to have been collecting energy directly from the Dark Dimension.” Wong says, as if that clarifies anything, which it
“You sure about that?” Tony frowns. “I mean, because if you need more stuff, you can get it. Don’t worry, just put it on my tab. If you ask JARVIS, he can get you anything you need. You’ve met JARVIS, right? J?”
“Alright. Okay then.” He says, in careful pauses. “Listen, Tony, I wanted – Yesterday, that was shitty, and it didn’t need to happen. We both got way over our heads, and we both said some things we didn’t mean, but we don’t got time to be fighting like kids over a damn toy, so… I guess I – We – No hard feelings, alright? Can we agree on that? Let’s just get this over with, we find the bastard and we do our job, no need for us to fight each other like we’re the enemy. Not when the guy who’s really responsible for this is still out there.”
“We know you’re angry!” Rogers tries to reason, raising his hands lightly, to indicate surrender; But not high enough that he loses the tight coil of tension in his arms, his body still on alert and posed to fight at the slightest indication. “We know you’re scared, that this makes no sense. We know—"
“The Falcon and the Scarlet Witch. They are both gone.” FRIDAY says, in a mournful tone. “So is king T’Challa.”
Nebula assesses him with a careful gaze, and at least, she grants him the courtesy of not pointing out his friends might all be gone by now.
“You won’t call me anything.” She snarls a warning half-heartedly, merely annoyed, not murderous, and Tony takes that as a victory.
Most of all, Tony thinks, he’d seen them work together to beat Ultron, who nearly divided them at first. If they could get over that and work together again, why wouldn’t that be the case with the Accords?
“We have enough people to divide in five teams.” Rhodey continues. “Between recon, field action, rescue and first aid.”
“Alright, Rhodes. We get it.” Barton nods, almost demurely, a meekness that doesn’t seem to fit him, constricting. “We have a deal, man. We’re all in.”
“Why should I, if you and Pepper are going to nag me all day about what I do with Steve?” Tony argues. “I’m not even
But then, something happens. She doesn’t know what. She is in the kitchen when, all of a sudden, all the lights flicker madly, like a horror movie, startling Daniel so badly he almost cuts himself with the knife – when she hears the familiar humming of Tony’s fan, the quiet melody that indicates that he is
The armor finishes closing itself around Pepper’s frame, and as the joints lock up and the faceplate slams down, the eyes light up in a bright flare, just like Tony’s, and the parallels of it make him feel weak in the knees, and his palms sweaty and hot.
, no matter how many times they have fought over these exact words. And despite Pepper’s insistence that Tony shouldn’t chase Thanos as a way to fix this – Tony knows, that deep inside, she understands.
over his shoulder, trusting Thor will be able to hold back the civilians long enough just so Tony can relay the information about the hostages to Cap, because – because he needs to
“They might come back”, Rhodey warns them, and it’s true. In fact, they probably will. They can’t, in good conscience, leave them here. Tony tells them so.
“Don’t kill him.” Both Natasha and Tony reply, but Tony is horrified, and Natasha acts like it’s a bothersome reminder to a child.
It is what it is. He supposes he should be glad he has already gotten this particular fight with Natasha out of the way, because how could he jump back from
“We have nowhere to go.” Tony argues, weakly, removing the hand on his mouth only to press it against his face, blocking his eyes, the light too much on his sensitive irises. The weight of his own words catches up to him and he rocks back and forth again, unconsciously, his other hand instinctively laying itself over his Arc Reactor – his
He hasn’t forgotten that Natasha signed it. But he had hoped— He had hoped she’d changed her mind when she left the US and came for him in the Raft. He thought she had finally understood. She saw what happened to Bucky,
But that doesn’t erase the fact that he sometimes wants to do it, and every time he does, he remembers the words he read in that study about veterans and trauma.
. He fears, for a second, that he might have misunderstood, but the graceful glee in the king’s face makes no room for mistake, no second guessing to what he means. How does he— does he
“Rhodes is still in the US.” Steve remembers, relaying the information as steadily as he can to Bruce. “He’s probably at the Compound.”
He doesn’t care. He’ll keep fighting if it means it’ll take his mind out of it. He is so on edge, Tony’s voice in his head so loud and so violent, he’ll do
And Tony broke them too. Natasha made sure Steve remembered that. The very presence of Tony in that bunker, the fact that he came to them, weapons lowered, voice soft, open heart— he broke the Accords. Because he knew Bucky hadn’t been the one to blow up the UN conference in Vienna. He came to make things right.
“That still wouldn’t be enough.” He points out, his mind firing a thousand miles per hour now, his brain kicking in on the familiar rush of following the clues of the problem at hand to guide him through his thoughts. “Solar radiation is incredibly powerful – we don’t have that sort of power on Earth. A society that is powerful enough to build a structure to use power directly from their star is already light-years ahead of us. Even if we know what kind of material to use, we don’t have any place we could make it.”
God, Pepper can’t even begin to understand how sorry he is, how guilty he feels knowing she was down here all this time, watching the people vanish into nothing and with no idea what had happened to him, when she had desperately asked him to come back as soon as Tony had boarded the alien ship. She had asked for him. She asked him to stay, all but
the civilians help, Now, more than ever, they have to hold back, even when the crowd itself is not holding back at
“It is.” Tony admits. “We had an issue with that strategy in Argentina. No casualties, thankfully, but a lot of property damage. The legal team took an alternative proposition to the UN after that – instead of asking for permission upfront, we should
Both Antonio and his husband are masterfully decorated in intricate ways, which now Antonio has come to learn are the typical appearance of a wedding in this Clan. His hair is not long enough to braid, not like his husband’s, much less such a magnificent design – so he has been decorated with amazingly delicate items, gold strings and flowers and pretty shells, a crown of sorts, to match the opulence his husband seems to carry on his person by pure nature. His clothes, kindly provided by the Clan he now must call his own, are not at all like the garments he would wear if he were marrying closer to home – as he should have been. Not at all. There is no velvet or beads, no corsets or flowers, or waistcoats and lace and all sorts of delicate things. No. The North is rough. It’s demanding and strong, like his husband, sharp and deadly, but Antonio feels no cold.
“The Helicarrier.” He breathes, so softly he almost can’t hear himself, but all heads snap in his direction, like hounds to prey. “The fight, before the turbines exploded. The Scepter was in the room.”
Tony should probably be counting himself lucky that Nebula was the one to figure out, not anybody else. Not –
“Tony.” Cap calls suddenly, and Tony startles before looking at him, his eyes dragging like they don’t want to be removed from the gate, his brain lagging a few milliseconds behind.
anymore, he’s tired of snapping at them and starting screaming matches with the people he’s supposed to trust. It’s a toss between keeping quiet and swallowing all his bitter thoughts and unkind words back down, feel them scorching in his belly every time he keeps quiet in favor of
“It’s not the best time.” Steve says through gritted teeth, balling his hands into fists, inhaling sharply when the stretch of skin causes the cuts on his knuckles to pull taut over the bone and start bleeding all over again, sluggish and horrid,
He just told her he was fine, he was safe, and he hoped she would take his word on it and not worry about it anymore – or maybe she still would, but she would at least stop trying to convince him otherwise.
“Yes, yes, I made sure of it before I left.” Lang affirms, but his expression his has that somber, sad pull, worry deeply etched on his forehead and brows. “But… I don’t know where Hope is. Or Hank.”
“So.” Tony clears his throat after a few moments, taking his hand away in the least awkward possible. “Things 1 and 2 attack Earth, Mummy gets Strange into the ship but the other two don’t manage to get the Mind Stone. Rogers pulls a Spanish Inquisition on Ross and brings them
“Thanos sent an army ahead. We tried to hold them back while Shuri worked in the lab to remove the Stone from Vision.” Rogers continues.
“We can work with better.” Natasha says firmly. “Are you sure T’Challa is fine with us going there?”
Steve raises his gaze, feeling vulnerable in a very confusing way, and finds Sam’s eyes locked on him, assessing and careful. Steve suddenly realizes he’s been sitting silently for a while now, acting jittery out of nowhere, and Sam is probably wondering why he’s doing this, because he surely has never seen him like this before.
, the all too familiar feeling of the soldier in him standing up for his duty, eliminating all that might lead him astray from his mind, focusing only in his objective.
a bit like an invitation, like Steve’s trying to figure out if he can get Tony to give up on leaving if he can seduce him back into bed. Tony doesn’t know why that doesn’t make him want to run. It usually would.
Are you?” Rocket jabs, and Tony is so distracted by watching their childish squabble he almost misses the turn in the conversation as they both shift their focus back to him. “A genius? Can you get us out of this?”
He looks at Steve, waiting for a reaction, and all Steve can think to do is to look back, swallow down his surprise, and say, amicably:
“Thanks, Tony.” Steve says anyway, smiling wide. “Felt like I should make the last page justice. I’ll have to buy a new now tomorrow.”
of a wormhole?” Rhodey asks, clearly unnerved by the vagueness that seems to surround their every idea and theory, despite the frankly absurd amount of information they have displayed in the shop’s main holoboard.
Tony fumbles, and he leans in closer to her ear so he can whisper, without sounding much like an idiot out loud. “Wait, what do you mean?”
are giving me this?” She asks, and her eyes sting, as her grip on the flask tightens up just a little bit more, barely enough to be painful on her fingertips.
that if you are a Dodgers fan, which I know you are, I know where we can find some pretty cool stuff to you to put in your room if you want to. Not like… in a teenage boy with an unhealthy sports obsession way, but in a
“The Ant-Man suit is not government property.” Vision explains, continuing his line of logic with this new information he has just received. “It has been designed by and still belongs to Pym Technologies - to Dr. Hank Pym, to be more precise. Being so, Dr. Pym is Mr. Lang’s primary benefactor. Without the original suit, Dr. Pym would have to provide a new one to Mr. Lang, for him to be able to continue to pose as Ant-Man. Unfortunately, Pym Technologies has publicly declared they no longer will have any association with Mr. Lang.”
The TV stays on for all 72 hours and then some, all of them making this unspoken rotation over the available spaces in Clint’s and Wanda’s small apartment for them to sit and wait, making grocery runs at the speed of light whenever they are necessary. Some of them stress eat, a lot, particularly Sam and Wanda. Clint, much like Steve, often forgets to eat. Natasha is watching their every move, and she pushes plates of snacks and leftovers at them whenever they have spent too long without ingesting anything – and although Clint always looks a little surprised when she presents him with a plate, he never turns it down, always giving Nat a grateful look as he takes his first bite.
“I didn’t save you, Tony. I just was there for you when I could.” Pepper tilts her head, crows feet wrinkling at the corner of her eyes so beautifully when she gives him an awkward smile, and he loves her so much it hurts. “But I don’t know if I can anymore.”
He thinks about taking Maria somewhere, like a vacation – but he knows the grief will follow. He thinks about moving, but she’ll just take everything she kept from Anthony with her. No matter what Howard does, Maria will never leave the traces of Anthony behind. He can’t make her push him away.
Rogers has not gotten this close since Siberia. Since before. And even then, Tony can’t remember him ever being so subtle, so careful, gentle, even though Tony knows – by logic, not by experience – that the man is not all violence and strength all the time. No matter what sometimes his brain tells him – he’s
“Check the building closer to the explosion.” Natasha suggests through gritted teeth, and the tightness in her voice betrays her. “Tony, Rhodey, you’re in. Looks sturdy enough.”
Oddly, for a second Steve almost feels like he is making some sort of amend, a correction of a wrongdoing he hadn’t even known it was there before today. The offer feels more than simply giving Wanda a place to come back to. It feels… It feels like letting
“I mean, if I read them and I think they’re bullshit, I just won’t sign and… And I’ll give up the suit, I guess.” Scott says and Steve can almost hear it as he shrugs. “Not my favorite idea, but I’ve had worse. Honestly, at this point… I’d give up anything if it meant I can go home and see my daughter on her birthday.”
“Yeah, and even still you didn’t think something was off about this.” Clint huffs, amused. “I’m just saying that you might not be considering some important details in there, Cap. Maybe ‘cause you’re not really seeing them.”
“Cap?!” Tony calls, trying very hard to ignore how hard his left arm is hurting and how he feels himself tremble inside the smooth balancing of his armor. “Cap, where are you? Tell me you’re okay.”
He doesn’t know how Natasha deals with her own demons, because Steve is sure she has more than a few, but she is obviously better than him at compartmentalizing; because out of the two of them, Steve is the only one who seems about to explode. He is the one who seems to be
Steve tries to think about how it must have been, for them. He revises the events in his head, going back years in the past to remind himself of that terrible realization, the discovery of the Winter Soldier’s identity, all the pain and sorrow it followed.
, as he wraps his arms around his husband’s shoulders, and his legs around his waist, and lets himself be washed away by sensation, by the craving—
“Right away.” FRIDAY complies, but even as she’s still running the scans, Tony’s brain starts to fire in a thousand directions at once, theories and possibilities firing up like fireworks, his own eyes making a quick assessment of the replica up close.
, because people don’t just grow like that out of nowhere! Not that it hasn’t been years, because it has, but Tony thinks has the right to be shocked; He is not one for wet sciences and genetics, but he can’t imagine how much can he assign Steve Roger’s utter and complete transformation to “grow spurt” and not straight up “scientific experiment gone incredibly out of hand”, because that shouldn’t be
His mind, always running, always moving too fast, that before was dragging itself forward at a snail’s pace thanks to the pit in his stomach and the dreadful feeling of hopelessness gurgling in his guts; now it flares intensely, roaring in impatience, restless energy bursting through his body, on the tap of his feet on the ground, on the twitch of his hands and legs.
But he doesn’t talk about it. He thought it would be for the best if no one else got involved in things they didn’t need to be. They had done enough. Far too many lines had been crossed already, and Steve would’ve liked to avoid any more unnecessary conflict or misunderstanding in the future. Who knows what they might lose next time? What if the next time it happens, it’s irreversible?
. He doesn’t want her to feel as he did. He doesn’t want her to not be able to sleep, not be able to rest, not be able to
“Both the axe and the hammer were made by the same person? The guy who made the Gauntlet?” Tony inquires, getting back on track – not very smoothly, but Thor doesn’t seem to mind it.
to know how long we’ve got. We can’t push this until one of us falls, because then it’ll be too late.”
; Tony doesn’t know how to live in this suspense, how to stand on this edge of reprieve and loss like it’s the tip of a blade, threatening to cut him open at the slightest move.
“No. Maybe – Not exactly, I can feel some part of him still in here. Hiding somewhere, inside. But I can’t
“I guess we never learned how to function well as a team. All of us, together.” Natasha explains, and Steve doesn’t know if she doesn’t see of if she simply ignores him, the last word she pronounces makes him feel like he is being
either. Because the very next time they had ever discussed it, Bucky’s name was being slandered and he was being accused of bombing the UN conference in Vienna, and Steve remembers
“Would you kiss Stark for a hundred bucks?” Natasha inquires, raising a perfectly sculpted eyebrow, a teasing glint in her eyes.
, on some level; For all his size, Steve is very good at stealth, his steps are light and he’s incredibly agile. More than once he has entered the kitchen so silently he startled Clint, who is an actual spy. Those long spaces of time where he disappears too –
He wonders if it would even make a difference. Probably not. The metal Tony carries in his veins is completely artificial, residues of procedures and purposefully injected nanoparticles to keep the suit properly attached, tricks he developed to steel himself for things stronger than him, to make him feel a little less useless than he truly is. Nebula though – Nebula is all metal, inside and out. Spine, veins and body, mind and
Bruce looks down at him with something akin to muted pity in his eyes, a mellow, sad sympathy; And Tony realizes that despite being away for the past two years, there is understanding of Tony’s reaction in his gaze. Knowing. Bruce must have realized, somewhere during the small time he and the others had been reunited after two whole years, even if he barely spend any time at all with Vision and Wanda compared to them, what that request must have meant.
I'm sure you all have heard the news. The past few days have been rough on everyone, some more than others, but we have all, in one way or another, felt a terrible loss after the news broke out. I myself had a hard time wrapping my head around it in the first few days, and this chapter was supposed to be done in that same night, but I just needed to take a moment to process everything and make sure I was okay - and I hope, from the bottom of my heart, all of you were able to do the same, to some degree. Even now, I admit I'm not happy with this chapter, and it might undergo some editing in the future, but for now, I just needed to get it out and maybe provide us all with something else to think about, even if just for a short while.
And while we're here, let's take a peek inside Clint's mind as well. I feel like it's only fair - he is the one who plays a huge influence in Wanda's life after Pietro -, and I don't know about you, but even though MCU Clint is not the most interesting character to begin with, what bothers me the most about him is not that, but how contradictory he is in his decisions. You know, like the time he recruits the person who mind-whammied his entire team, after his speech of "do you know what is like to be undone?", when he was mind controlled a few movies back? Yeah, that kind of stuff. So let's address that as well, just for fun.
Peggy and Phillips then started talking strategy as they walked towards Avenger, with Steve and the Starks following while avidly listening in. Avenger was a stalker, preferring to run right off the lead. Peggy’s job was to urge him forward at the break, angle him towards the inside rail as soon as possible, and tuck him behind the first few horses. Ideally, that is where he’d stay until they rounded the far turn, when they would make their move.
“Okay, deal. You have your year, Mad Eye Moody. I’ll plan to come check the place out in six months or so. Be ready to dazzle me.”
Tony shook his head. “I have no idea what you’re talking about, Cyclops. And I also don’t have any idea what you’re doing hanging out in my dad’s office in the dark. In a restricted area of Stark Tower, might I add?”
Tony abruptly stopped walking forward, unsure of his next step. Pepper stopped next to him, and then followed his gaze.
Clint moved to the next stall, which looked deserted. Tony peered inside, and then jumped back as a lithe black horse lunged towards him, teeth bared.
Tony looked at the horse, who was placidly eating hay and ignoring them. “The Scientist? Seems like a strange name for a horse.”
But Tony could also remember how passionately that man had believed in Avenger, and how he had stood up for the horse against all detractors. Pint-size had really believed that the horse was special, and destined for big things. Maybe he had been right.
“You made it just in time, Tony. The horses are just getting ready to head to the track. Your mom and dad are down with the horse and trainer. After all, this is their first big race – they wanted to be a part of the action.”
With those few words, Howard turned away from Tony and towards Obadiah, a smile blooming across his face. Maria looked apologetically at Tony, then followed Howard. Tony stood with his hand hanging in the air for a moment longer. Fuck. He was like Charlie fucking Brown with the mother fucking football. Tony let his hand fall and looked towards the two individuals who had come up with his parents. One of them, the gruff-looking man Tony had seen with his parents earlier, grabbed the hand that Tony had just let fall, shaking it firmly.
“Look Stevie, I know you have a crush on Stark. And I’m sorry he was a tool. But you have to let it go.”
Bucky carefully put down his drink and then reached across the couch, grabbing Steve and pulling him into a sloppy, one-armed hug. With his other hand, Bucky drunkenly patted Steve’s head.
“Then take me to the barn with the most horses,” Tony stated, pushing his hands into his coat pockets.
Fury sighed, shook his head, and then walked off. Clint waved Tony over to one of the stalls nearby.
“It’s okay, Steve. We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do. Do you want to stop? Or we can just keep making out.” Tony moved his hands away from Steve’s pants, placing them flat against the bed. “Whatever you want to do, Pint-size.”
And then he was staring at his parents’ faces, as the scrolling bar on the bottom of the screen pronounced Howard and Maria Starks’ deaths.
“I was waiting to talk to you, Mr. Stark. As to how I was able to get in here – you dad gave me access years ago. I’ve spent a lot of time in this office, talking to your father about Stark Racing. You do know that your father owned a horse racing farm, correct?”
Then it was Fury’s turn to shake his head. “No, he won’t. Avenger hasn’t been bred in years – everyone has forgotten about his success twenty years ago. And the two-year-old, Captain America, he only just broke his maiden.”
“Tony, this is Stark Racing’s trainer, Steve Rogers,” Clint said as the man – Steve – dismounted. Tony watched as he pulled his helmet off and ran his hand through slightly sweaty hair, pushing it off his face. Tony held out his hand.
Tony grabbed Steve’s waist and held him as he canted his hips up, rubbing his cloth-covered erection against him. “What does it feel like to you, Pint-size? Think I’m enjoying it?”
The grin fell from Tony’s face. He’d lost his own virginity at thirteen. It hadn’t been a good experience, and he definitely had regrets. He didn’t want anyone to feel the way he had, and especially not this tiny spitfire. Fuck. Tony didn’t want to fuck this up.
Tony turned away from watching the horses and was swept up into a hug by his mother. He hugged her back, closing his eyes and soaking in the smell of her hair. Even though he felt like being here was a waste of time, it was good to see her. Letting her go, Tony steeled himself and made eye contact with his father, who was standing directly behind Maria.
“So the jockeys are about to come down and mount up. From there, the horses will head over to the track and warm up. Then it’s post time.”
“That sounds just like Howard. But again, why are you telling me this? Sounds like Dad made a string of bad decisions, lost a ton of money, and then died. That sucks for you, but I’m sure you’ll find work somewhere else.”
Nick smirked, reaching out to shake Tony’s hand. “I have eyes and ears everywhere on this farm. Now, I’m assuming that you would like a tour of Stark Racing?”
Hearing the rhythmic beat of hooves, Tony turned from his study of the barns to watch a horse appear out of the fog on the track, stretched out in a gallop. If you’d asked him early this morning as he boarded his jet, Tony would have told you that he didn’t understand the allure of horses. Now, standing five yards from a horse in full gallop, he once again found himself needing to re-evaluate his previously held beliefs. There was something beautiful about the amount of raw power and muscle attached to the long, slender legs of the animal in front of him.
Tony let himself into his father’s office at Start Industries, and then stood for a moment in the dark, looking out through the clear walls into the city below. He hadn’t yet decided what to do with the space. He would prefer to stay in his labs and workshop, where he could continue the breakthroughs and innovations that had kept Stark Industries on the forefront of tech companies over the past decades. Plus, he had few good memories of this particular office, having stood in it several times while his father berated various personal and professional decisions that Tony had made. However, Tony also knew the value of the show – of bringing investors into the immaculate office that dominated the top floor of Stark Tower, and of holding meetings with the city stretched out behind him. Maybe if he had the space completely redecorated, he’d be able to use the office without feeling like he was sharing with Howard’s ghost.
Tony’s eyes, which had looked so sad earlier in the day, now danced with merriment. And despite himself, Steve felt a little warmed by that fact.
But after that, Tony’s memory became spotty. He could remember daring Steve to kiss him, to prove that he wasn’t into Tony. He had been surprised when that had worked, and Steve had leaned in quickly to peck him on the lips. That had led to Tony kissing Steve again, teasingly, biting gently at his lips and licking his tongue across the seam of his mouth before pulling back. While Steve had continued to insist that he didn’t have a crush, and that he was unmoved, his flushed face and tented pants had said otherwise.
When they first walked into the box, Steve’s eyes were immediately drawn to the brooding figure looking down onto the track. He had grown up seeing Tony in the news. He knew about Tony’s first engine, his first robot, and his first orgy – just like everyone else did. He knew that even though Tony was only 17, he had already been to rehab once. He knew that, according to the media, Tony was nothing but trouble. And yet, while he would never admit it to anyone, there had always been something about Tony Stark that had captivated Steve. He always had this look of mixed swagger and hurt that made Steve wish he could draw. There had been times in his life that Steve had read the coverage of the Starks and thought that what Tony needed was a friend.
The bugler played the Call to the Post, and everyone began to move towards the track. Steve took up position on the other side of Avenger’s head, acting as a second walker just in case Avenger spooked as he moved through the crowds of people towards the track. Peggy continued to talk to the horse, scratching her fingers along the crest of his neck to keep his attention on her. And then they were stepping onto the track. The pony and pony rider swept in, taking Avenger from Bucky and Steve and leading him towards the starting gate. As Phillips and the Howards headed towards their box seats in the grandstand, Steve turned to follow Bucky, who would wait for Avenger by the rail. Win or lose, Avenger would need his groom after the race. While Steve wouldn’t be needed, staying with Bucky sounded infinitely better than spending his time figuring out how to make small talk up in the box.
Steve continued to protest. “It’s because I was interested in learning about him. And I felt sorry for him.”
“We’re here, boss,” Happy said, pulling the vehicle up to an imposingly large gate with “Stark Racing” curved into the wrought iron. The driver rolled his window down and typed in the code, causing the gate to slowly swing open. And then they were pulling down the long driveway towards the buildings ahead.
Tony watched out the window as they passed acre upon acre of rolling green pastures, tucked behind pristine white fencing and shrouded in morning fog. He had never had reason to be in Lexington, and hadn’t expected to find it beautiful. If he was honest, his idea of Kentucky had been something like individuals in overalls holding banjos. The few times he had thought about his father’s farm and the surrounding area, he had expected it to look like farmland always did – flat and boring. But Lexington had so far been scenic, with bent old trees, rolling hills, and stone fences adding to the area’s charm. Though it was a bitterly cold March morning, the sun had just broken through the clouds, starting to burn the fog away.
“Aren’t you supposed to be meeting with the vet about Dum Dum’s tendon? I thought today was the day for updated x-rays and ultrasounds.”
“How did you know I was done talking? Were you standing outside the office with your ear against the door?” Steve asked.
Steve woke up, his body deliciously sore. He stretched, marveling at the fact that he hardly felt hungover at all. He couldn’t believe how soft the bed was, and how well he had slept. Of course, he had quite a workout before he fell asleep – that definitely had something to do with it. Steve looked across to Tony’s side of the bed, and realized that Tony wasn’t still there.
All of the three-year old horses in the paddock surrounding Steve had a single goal – to make it to the Kentucky Derby. The Wood Memorial would be one of the last chances these horses had of making the Derby field. A first place finish would guarantee a spot in the Derby. The horses that placed and showed might end up with enough winnings to make it, depending on how they had done in previous races. Since Avenger had placed in the Gotham Stakes just last month, he was in a great position. As long as he finished in the top three, he was Kentucky Derby bound for sure.
On the pillow next to him there was a folded piece of paper. Steve reached for it, his hand trembling slightly. Unfolding it, he read the short note written in a messy scrawl.
“Mr. Stark. What do I owe the honor?” Steve’s tone of voice made it clear that that he viewed the meeting as nothing of the sort.
Steve wrenched himself from Bucky’s grasp, shaking his head. “What do you mean, I have a crush on Stark? I do not.”
“Don’t worry man,” Barton said. “He’s not trying to bite you. He’s just looking for a cookie or a peppermint. He’s quite the favorite around here, so he’s a little spoiled.”
Tony stopped in his tracks. “Wait, what? I met Avenger’s exercise rider the one time I got dragged to the races. He was a little guy with a big mouth. Absolutely nothing like that guy.”
Steve groaned, and Tony couldn’t tell if it was in response to his movements or to the nickname. Regardless, Steve leaned down to capture his mouth in another kiss, moving his body rhythmically against Tony’s. Tony ran his hands down Steve’s legs, feeling the corded muscles of his thighs. While Steve wasn’t a big guy, he was incredibly muscular. Apparently controlling multiple 1200 pound animals a day led to some serious strength.
Tony threw himself down into the small sliver of space between Steve and Bucky on the couch. He turned sideways, so that his head and shoulders were in Steve’s lap, while his legs were across Bucky.
“Okay, yes, you’re an ass, Tony. But honestly, knowing your reputation, I doubt he was surprised. My question is – why are you so hung up on this? Not to put too fine of a point on this, but you do worse things all the time. How many times have you had me be the one to deal with your morning afters?
Tony found himself experiencing an emotion that he didn’t have a lot of experience with – regret. After spending too much time thinking about the whole thing, he’d come up with a plan. He was a horse owner now, and he’d never seen his own horses run. So he would head to the track on race day and watch one of his horse’s go. And maybe he would run into Steve at the track, and he could explain himself. But he hadn’t wanted to let Fury know, because he was sure that Fury would tell Steve to expect him – which might have ended up with Steve sending an Assistant Trainer in his place. Hence Tony asking Pepper to arrange everything somewhat covertly. And now here they were, trying to find the right barn in the bustling track backside.
Steve’s blue eyes turned steely. “You know, I just might believe you on that one. My mistake.” He turned to Barton. “I need to look after Avenger. I’ll see you tomorrow morning.” Without saying another thing to Tony, Steve clucked to the horse behind him and walked away.
“Come on, Pint-size. I hear you like to ride. Well, I have something for you to ride right here.” Tony gestured to his crotch while winking. Caught up in a mixture of embarrassment and desire, Steve shut his eyes and pushed Tony as hard as he could away from him. Tony slid off of the couch, ending up on floor at Steve and Bucky’s feet.
The horse rounded the turn and was once again lost in the morning fog, only fading hoof beats remaining. Tony found himself straining to see glimpses of the horse on the far side of the track.
In the mornings, Steve knew exactly where to be and what to do. As an exercise rider, his job was to get on the horses that he’d been assigned to, and work them to the exact specifications of the trainer. On a good morning, Steve would ride seven or eight horses, starting at 6am and finishing before lunch. On not as great mornings, Steve would only ride three or four horses, and then spend time hustling the backside of the track looking for trainers that needed a rider. Either way, he knew what he needed to do.
Bucky stood next to Steve, watching him carefully. “I know how you felt about that horse. I mean, damn, I loved that horse too. It broke my heart when Stark took him away from Phillips and we weren’t able to work with him anymore. I’d love to see the old guy again – I get it. But Steve, is this really a good idea? Tony Stark?”
“Meanwhile, Steve gave up a great job to come train for you, and I followed the punk, because that’s what I do. He’s going to win big races for you, because that’s what he does. Then he’ll be out of a job while you’re sitting in your tower counting your money. So since your big plan is to fuck him over, if you could do that from a distance, that would be great. I don’t need you hanging around making things worse.”
Tony bristled at his accusatory tone. “I’m not skulking around the property. I own the property. And I didn’t do anything to Steve. I just didn’t immediately connect the dots between the guy I met twenty years ago and my current horse trainer.”
“Time is the fourth dimension. We have length, width, depth – but Time is… something else. It’s what gives us coordinates that helps us find things in space at a certain time. If in a first moment, the object is at a certain coordinate, and then after some moments have passed, it moves – The way we track this movement across space, identifying
Tony has all sorts of problems buried beneath a façade he maintained for years, a special sort of self-defense that's very hard to break down. He has a good heart, but his mind is a daunting place. He is really, really good at twisting his own thoughts into dangerous directions - and to my despair, he is even harder to understand than Steve, because I hold him far too close to my own heart. I hope you can bear with me on this. My descent into Tony's mindset is going to be very difficult, and I suspect it's going to take a toll on both me and you, because to make it work, I'll have to pick apart every single one of his relationships, one by one, piece by piece.
“I’m gonna grab something to drink.” Steve says, to redirect the conversation. “You want some coffee?”
Natasha gives him a fond look, nodding, but she doesn’t say anything on it. But it’s enough. It’s more than enough.
When Steve nods for her to continue, her anxiety seems to grow a little, and she starts picking at her nails in a nervous habit, a tick she had long before this, something Steve had seen her do when they still lived at the Compound. If she had a necklace on, she’d probably be fiddling with it too. “
Usually Tony wouldn’t have a problem with this, even if his partner for the night happened to catch him while he snuck out. This is not his first time. It’s not even his fifth, or his tenth. He’s had this encounter before, and to be fair, this is proving to be quite amicable compared to other possible reactions he’s experienced in the past;
Pepper is pivotal to Tony's story. Not only because he loves her, or because she's been there since the beginning, even if those are very important things - But because Pepper brings to the table a unique opportunity to discuss one of the core subjects of any Iron Man story:
Vision seems to notice it, but he doesn’t express any offense or dismay. He just carries on, as calmly as ever. “I wish the circumstances of our meeting were a little more friendly, Captain. It’s unfortunate that we can no longer be seen in public and find ourselves reduced to encounters such as this.”
of light and electricity to course through him like a live wire, the entire fence making a pitiful sound, and almost immediately, the shock runs through it in its entirety, snaking through the pipes and structure like snakes slithering towards prey, so quick the crowd doesn’t even have time to react.
And from somewhere in the darkness, a soft, shaky reply comes. She sounds like she is holding back a sob.
The others seem shocked by his forcefulness. Maybe that’s why is so easy for them, even Rocket and Nebula, to readily comply, with silent nods and somber stares. Maybe it’s not only Tony that feels some shameful embarrassment, but he’s not the best person to judge – being chided by Rhodey is… It always hits him deep. And Tony gets it. He gets why Rhodey’s angry. He’s angry at himself too, angry at this childish resentment he’s helping create between them, in some ways. If Tony could get over himself and ignore whatever other issues he has with Rogers, Romanov, and Barton, maybe this would all be easier – but again, maybe it wouldn’t. It’s not a one-sided thing, that’s very clear now. Maybe they really couldn’t help it; But they’re on the same page now.
But after Afghanistan, even as Tony realized he wanted Pepper Potts in his life not as his PA, but as his partner, his girlfriend, his
“Natasha.” Steve breathes, shocked. He feels relief automatically, so intensely it’s not even comforting, more like a punch in the guts, making him sound a little winded. She very clearly finds that very amusing.
“But I can’t accept it. I have a suit, and it’s still in working condition. It might not be the best, but I can use it. I…” Steve pauses, breathing in deep. “I’d like to keep it. I can fix it. It’s more than enough.”
How can he help her get through this? When he still doesn’t know to work it out fully himself? If him being here and holding her hand is not enough, what can he do?
between her and Vision, about so many other things he can’t even count them all. She is no child, he knows, he understands, but he can’t help but feel anxious, and he wants to make sure she is okay. There is nothing wrong with that, he tells himself. All he is asking for is a couple of seconds alone with her, just so she won’t feel embarrassed by talking about this in front of Vision, and all of Steve’s doubt would be put at rest.
“I wish I still had my father’s council sometimes, or my mother’s wisdom, or simply the comforting company of my brother… But as all gods before me, they have served their lives and their causes with honor and glory, and when my time comes, I will accept my fate as they have, proudly. And until then, I will do my best to honor everything they have taught me, for better or for worse, to honor my own cause.”
“Of the Winter Soldier.” Steve lowers his head on instinct, feeling stupid for the way his emotions spiral out of control when he thinks about it, and he has to step aside and turn his body away from Sam, turning to the glass wall, to give himself the illusion that he is not completely exposing his aching heart to his friend as he confesses this. “Killing Tony’s parents.”
“Is that what we were?” Bruce asks, breathless. “Were we just… An army that barged into someone’s home, someone who already had their home threatened every day, and got away with it? I know it’s not the same, and those people were not always good people, but I can’t help but think of Martina, and Betty—"
, and it was so easy to be swept away by the illusion of comfort that a clean slate can give, after everything. His nightmares… His PTSD is the reason why he started to try finding a middle ground between them, the reason why he slowly but surely tried to cut himself off the superhero business, even if ineffectively, he
, sometimes. He could try and blame the serum for that, but that would be a lie, because Steve has always been like this.
“That’s actually not a bad idea.” Clint concedes. “Huh. We could have team dinner. Every week a different thing.”
The Range gets shut down for a few days. Tony even says he’ll help with the maintenance, and they can upgrade the whole thing while he’s there. He doesn’t seem to be at all fazed by Fury’s lecture, smiling wide all the way through it, and though Steve’s ears burn a little with embarrassment, hiding his smile is surprisingly hard when Tony’s so damn happy, even if Fury stares him down with all the might of his one good eye.
“Six agents, including Cameron Klein, the one who sent in the call.” Barton replies, voice gruff with disuse, muddled by sleep, but eyes sharp, as he presses buttons and pushes levers with an efficiency and single-minded focus Tony had almost forgotten Barton could have. “We’ll close in at the coordinates he provided.”
He wonders if Scott will sign the Accords. He wonders if it will make any difference, if he does. Scott has already been very clear in his stance about being a hero, and he had no shame in admitting he would gladly give it up if that meant he would see his daughter again.
Tony belatedly wonders if there are other planets out there who are suffering from the same thing they are now. If they are decaying like Earth is, or by something else, or if there’s any other left by now. They have no way of knowing. Almost four billion in their planet only – but how many more out there? How many trillions, quadrillions – if there’s any way to even count them all?
look, and a flash of recognition strikes through him quick and sharp, breath getting caught in his lungs.
He is still feeling like his eyes are trying to stay glued together as he walks towards the kitchen to grab some food, a little sore and gross from the feeling of crying himself to sleep, when he walks into the common area, still drowsy and completely unprepared, and finds, of all people—
“The kiss?” Tony blinks. “Yes. You’re… You are nice to look at, Cap. Don’t know if anyone has ever told you that.”
these days. Do you even know how long it has been since Steve last disappeared into his room for days on end? So long Tony doesn’t even remember. The guy is – he
Instead, he reaches again for the toolbox, pulling it to his lap, and he scoots over to the right to leave more space free on the bench beside him.
Tony opens his mouth, not even knowing what he is about to say, body moving before he thinks about what he is doing—
“Wanda, I don’t want to press you for an answer.” Steve says in complete honesty, hoping this affirmation will ease the blow of his next question. “But I have to ask. Are you
Tony looks back to Rogers, out of instinct, hoping to see any sort of hint as to what he should do, a silent command or discreet indication, but he gets nothing. Rogers is not even looking at him. Whatever it is that he’s thinking, he’s thinking
“It’s no matter, Captain.” T’Challa nods at him, taking a step back and putting some distance between him and Natasha, putting his hands behind his back in a relaxed manner. It’s clearly on purpose; He’s trying to make himself look as unthreatening as possible, which is probably for the best, because Steve and Natasha are both acting like cornered animals, ready to throw themselves at each other’s throats at the slightest chance. “Miss Romanov and I were finishing our conversation.”
Maybe it’s the strangeness of it all – or maybe is his tone, the seriousness in it, the dark underlying notes of looming, terrible news hidden beneath short and unassuming words, but they all go quiet despite being relentlessly arguing back and forth for the past who knows how many minutes, and they let him come closer and join their unconscious formation, to close the circle they created across the room, with a sense of
A heavy silence falls between them, loaded with questions that have no answers, demands that have to right to be, and they all scream silently in the vacant spaces of the room, like ghosts haunting their thoughts, demons perched at their shoulders to whisper doubt and resentment in their ears.
“Who’s in DC?” Rogers asks, as they all shuffle quickly to secure seatbelts to what they all know its gonna be a very difficult journey. He’s in his Captain America suit, all rattled and ragged, dirty and dark, and Tony struggles to keep his breathing even and stifle down a very undignified response at the sight of it.
Steve doesn’t know what to make of that. He doesn’t know if it’s a trap, although he doubts Vision would ever do something like that, but the problem here is not
“You’re up early.” Natasha comments loudly, making sure Tony can hear her all the way from the couch.
Tony doesn’t know how to wait. How to sit still. Even when the situation is dire and nearly hopeless, and sometimes it
“Not much.” Barton admits, with a half-hearted shrug. “Only that Fury was trying to do something that he clearly wasn’t ready to face yet. Selvig was in it too, and a bunch of other scientists. But even then, they figured it worked for some sort of portal-opening device. When Loki attacked, they’d been trying to open it from our side, until Loki opened from his’.”
But she laughs, small and breathy, through her nose, and he stops, watching as her eyes gleam, fond and sad, for the briefest of moments, before she says:
But it has the opposite effect, because Wanda’s eyes shoot up and flash red for a fraction of a second, almost piercing through him with their intensity. “Why not? You did.”
That deleted scene in AoU? The one with Cap's image vandalized? That shit is extremely important. It shows how deep the MCU was willing to push the public's opinion of the Avengers to the point it would force the Accords to be created. And in the end, what we got was.......... this. Real nice. I'm not bitter about it at all.
Steve stares at him for a second, face carefully blank – but his eyes are sharp, thoughts running at lightning speed. Tony knows that look.
“Did she have the stone?” Tony asks Nebula, trying his best to recall all he could about the gauntlet in Thanos’ hand, and the stones already attached to it when he arrived in Titan. There had been how many of them? Four, right? A purple one, a blue one, a red and an orange. And then the Time Stone – green. Yes, four.
He only realizes he had so much to lose after he’s already lost it, and Anthony is gone, and Maria is grieving so deeply she might as well have gone with him.  She is young and kind, a gentle soul, really, much more than Howard could ever pretend to be, and he knows that as hard as he took Anthony’s death when it happened, Maria felt it much worse. It was always worse for the mother. Anthony had been his son, and he grieved in his own way – even though the world sometimes liked to say he’s completely heartless -, but, at the end of the day, Howard Stark is a visionary. He’s always looking forward. He struggled, he mourned, but he kept going because Stark men don’t have the luxury of sitting by while the world keeps spinning.
And just for now, he forgets what’s beyond those doors – not the sky, not the dust. But the sound of fading footsteps, and the feeling that the room is, even for a brief second, even emptier than it seems.
She looks at him like he is the most pitiful creature in the universe, which, to be fair, Tony can’t find in himself the strength to disagree with right now.
Unable to keep himself quiet any longer, Sam comes closer again and shoves himself between Steve and Natasha again, forcing them to step back a little, disrupting the encasing bubble of
she looked that he still treated her with kindness after such a violent goodbye, and he realizes he can’t really argue against that. She probably was really scared. Steve can’t fault her for feeling that way. They all feels scared sometimes, Wanda is just not as skilled as the rest of them in controlling it.
Steve knows he has. He can spend the next two months agonizing over it, going through possibilities and trying to work logic into every scenario, weighting risks and benefits, but it’s
He swings his legs to the side of the bed as awkwardly as a plastic doll, limbs locked with the unpleasant, fading sensation of muscle cramps, his bones heavy and balance altered by his unnatural posture. Nebula is forced to help him up again, ducking a little so she can wrap her hand around Tony’s wrist and pull it over her shoulders, her other hand wrapping around his back and settling right below the line of bandages across his torso, steadying him with almost military precision. Seeing as Nebula broke the heart monitor, the only sound echoing through the hall is Tony’s harsh breathing, the grunts that escape his lips when his sides ache just a little too painfully, his body too cold not to protest with the strenuous movement after so long just laying still.
T’Challa is very graceful about the whole thing. He brings them to meet his mother, Queen Ramonda, and his lovely sister, Shuri. Incredible women, both of them. Women who remind him of Peggy, and make his chest ache in the most bittersweet way it can. He almost forces out a smile for them. But his face feels cold and hard like stone, like his muscles, tight with residual adrenaline, and he can only stare back at them, trying to be as respectful as he can while doing so.
FRIDAY complies with no additional prompting, and one of the back screens comes forward, zooming in on Squidward as he walks down the street to meet them for their little conversation, Tony remembers that, and as soon as the image is clearer, Nebula twitches in disgust.
stories, of what would happen if they all continued to take, and take, and take, and left the planet bare.
“What should we follow?” Tony inquires, hoping Nebula, being the one who actually lived in space, would know something useful.
“And you say you’re not evil.” Barton murmurs, and it hits Tony like a punch like nothing else had, genuinely
“So the way to do it is just stop us from acting!?” Steve jabs, furious again. “Stop us from helping because we’re not
Steve nods, looking down. He knows that Sam approaches more from the sound of his footsteps than by his vision, but even so, he doesn’t turn around. The horizon gives him no answers, but Steve keeps looking for them anyway.
But still, please be careful, and do be aware that while this fic has the intention of making this better, Tony's anxiety will be an issue we will talk about constantly, because it is important not only for his character but also for the story. I'm not giving him time to "deal" with it. I'm not giving him time to accept it or to get used to it. Not yet. Now is not the time. Not because he deserves to suffer - but because pain,
“I can’t tell. But they are all over the world, so even if we don’t reach many people, we still might be able to reach many places.”
Now, as he is faced with the inescapable proof of the remains of his mistakes, not by a column of graphics on a piece of paper nor by untrustworthy words coming out of Ross’ mouth, but by graffities tarnishing his image on the walls and by the sad recollections of a friend who has lost someone dear, doubts – on himself, on his decisions, on his actions – are now familiar, so familiar that Steve fears he might never get rid of them ever again.
.” Natasha calls, again, and her words sound wet and hoarse. Her hands are curled in fists, so hard they sink nail into flesh. “He’s here. We’re here. Let’s
“It just didn’t come up.” Bruce curtly replies. “And don’t try to turn this on me, I’m not so easily distracted, Tony. Seriously.”
Hunger and lethargy become unimportant immediately. Tony knows they are probably by the lower entrance, one of the only places that are wide enough to accommodate all the people who have come answering Rogers’ call, and it’s no surprise that when the elevator doors open, the sound of many anxious and rapid voices find him in an echo, overwhelming I comparison to the dreadful silence of the previous days, a rush of stimuli Tony was not ready to confront so suddenly after the previous night.
He stumbles upon them on accident, while he’s taking a sharp turn to the right in the direction of the great lounge that exists on the floor above princess Shuri’s lab; and suddenly, he spots her. She is talking with king T’Challa, both of them standing by the glass wall that faces the back of the palace, out to the great open field that extends as far as the eye can see. They speak in hushed tones, so quietly that Steve can’t hear them from this distance, even with his enhanced hearing, but he can see by their body language that whatever it is that they’re talking about, it is not pleasant. Natasha seems skittish with poorly concealed worry, shifting her weight from one feet to another unconsciously, as if she can’t find a position to be comfortable in. T’Challa is tense, his shoulders raised, but his face is kind and concerned, if not a little desperate.
“Your ride?” Pepper suggests, filled with sarcasm, but that is actually a fairly accurate description.
Feeling weak, Tony lets himself drop to land close to them, letting Steve down with a completely ungraceful move, almost letting him fall, and the sudden shift in his balance has him toppling and both of them crashing painfully to the floor, twisting on the cold, wet soil as they struggle to reorient themselves, pathetic and completely drained to their bones.
workshop – and that the portal had brought them here, with no trouble, in and out; Past FRIDAY’s security, past all alarms and safety measures, without so much as a notification to the system. That’s important. That’s – That’s important. For security, yes, but – that’s important, and Tony doesn’t know why, but it is, and he needs to remember this because
“We will have to call Rhodes.” Steve reminds them, and both Sam and Natasha look a little surprised at his comment. “We have to let him know we’re coming.”
“Sorry.” Howard says, but he sounds distracted. “Do you like the upgrades? I was thinking about implementing some new data management to it, but there wasn’t time. So, I just added some… Wait. What are those? These are not the prints I uploaded. How is it doing that?”
at dealing with it, hurting each other and always waiting for something terrible to happen, and Steve has to
But it was worth it. it was worth it, he told himself, if it meant he’d get to keep Pepper Potts. And maybe it was the time, truly, to make some changes in his superhero life. He had been planning for it, pulling strings and organizing backup plans; He had been on the
“Is he?” Natasha asks, her voice sugary and taunting, raising one eyebrow in an extremely mocking gesture.
“Fair point.” Tony shrugs. “You wanna invite your super spy twin too? Thought she’d be here by now.”
“Would he try to destroy them to spite us?” Rhodey suddenly asks, turning to Nebula. “D’you think he could do that?”
Tony’s mind halts suddenly, his entire body giving a weird, aborted spasm mid-step, something that makes Nebula’s grasp on him get firm and secure once again, and it makes all kinds of alarms blare inside of Tony’s mind, loud and deafening and desperate, something instinctive and defensive and self-destructive all at once, something that makes Tony’s gut tighten so bad it almost makes him sick.
People who prey on other’s weaknesses, and Steve would provoke them with a smile, with a sneer and an arched brow, because nothing,
“It’s a body.” Tony mutters, hopelessly. “A body, so… Not Thanos. Something else. Probably from the car crash.”
” Clint yells, pointing to Tony in a combative manner. “I almost got trapped in the fire, Cap could have gotten shot, Nat could’ve gotten hurt, and he’s here accusing us as if—"
Natasha cocks her head to the side, looking at him, as if she knows exactly what he’s thinking, but her face betrays absolutely nothing.
; Tony just… Tony just doesn’t know how to deal with Barton right now, so maybe he should let Rogers handle it. Make himself scarce and let them talk between them.
(The ghost of Steve Rogers never really left Tony’s home, not while Howard still lived in inside its walls.)
“It’s not what you think.” Tony says, and he knows it only makes him sound more guilty, but he’s fairly sure he’s panicking a little so he has nothing better to offer.
Tony lets her do it, silent. He raises his arms diligently when Nebula leans closer to his sides and unravels the pieces of cloth around his flank, breathing deeply and trying his best not to twist too far and screw up any more of his stitches. He tries not to wince when the bandages get stuck to a stray, crooked stitch, and Nebula kindly pretends she cannot hear him as he fails to do so. Eventually, U returns, med kit in hand –
Lang knows Rhodey already, sort of. That’s easy – though it doesn’t make Lang any less terrified of Rhodey in any way, and Tony kind of lets him fret about that a little bit, because it’s mostly harmless, and Rhodey will appreciate it, even if he doesn’t admit it. The other two, though; Tony is not sure who Lang is more excited to meet: Thor, the literal Norse god, or Bruce, the legendary scientist with seven PhDs.
And she has a point. There is no footage of what Zemo did to Bucky, when he was arrested in Bucharest – no register of the notebook, or the trigger words, or anything else. Only the before,
“We should send them a message.” Natasha suggests, thoughtfully. “To everyone. Explain what happened. If there’s anyone out there who doesn’t know why they suddenly saw a friend turn to ash, they need to know.”
Friendly dates? Hard to say, because he thinks Steve is… Well, maybe. Maybe Tony’s just reading too much into it. He wouldn’t dare to ask, but sometimes, he suspects.
“Information is never lost.” Tony argues, shaking his head, eyes burning holes into Wong in their intensity. “That is a principle of physics. It can be scattered, but not
Steve stares her down, but she doesn’t back down, as he knew she would, so all he can do is bring himself to his full height and ask, in a very dry tone. “But it’ll be a problem?”
His neck hurts like hell and his torso feels like it’s stuffed with cotton balls, full of a weird, swollen sensation, and his eyes feel like they’re almost taped shut with the amount of effort he has to make to open them.
“Initially, we would have to ask permission to enter a country to the panel. The panel would contact the government, and the government would give and answer."
But it had been there. It had been there when he shut down the manufacturing of weapons of SI, it had been there when he spent three weeks awake planning and creating Marks II and III and all the ones that followed.
“—But we need to get into a lab, as soon as possible.” He continues after a beat, forcing his voice to be even and louder, to make sure he’s getting the importance of his point across. “If we divide, you can go and start rescuing people right away, and we can start fixing this. We have to do both at the same time.”
The clues for the final conflict in the Infinity Saga had been floating around for a very, very long time. Often we forget how long, I think. The funny thing about scattering pieces across the road for someone else to find is that you can't forget those pieces will fit a whole when they're all found. A puzzle piece rarely serves a purpose if it doesn't add to the full picture - so the full picture should always be in your mind. Even if the puzzle takes a decade to come together. You still need it to fit, when the time comes.
“His reasons don’t matter.” Tony tells them, confidently. “The guy’s got screws loose, we’re going to waste
“Sure? No.” Scott laughs in a depreciative manner. “But I’ve been thinking. I was catching up with the news, and I’ve been seeing a lot of talk about some amendments to the Accords and things like that, and I thought… I thought I should give it a try.”
Nudge your memory a little bit. Do you remember where Bruce was hiding in the first half of the movie? Rio de Janeiro, right?
his mind is a dangerous place. Steve was so used to have echoes and white noise going around up there all the time, an endless cacophony he can’t turn off, ever since he was brought back from the ice and thrown into this electric, exhausting future; And now silence is his biggest company, there are so many thoughts he just pushed at the back of his head coming to the surface when he least expects them to, to fill the void the white noise left behind.
it, so why would he think that handing over the power to make decisions to someone else would be the solution to make amends? He knows what it means taking responsibility. He’s done it before.
Also, if you would like to contribute to BLM and also help the Marvel fandom with more Black representation at the same time, please check out the
“They didn’t make it.” Nebula answers, curtly, and her words are clipped and snippy, as if she pushed them out of her mouth as fast as she could to keep something else inside, to stop it from escaping.
and without your shield. I don’t even know if you sleep. You probably don’t. So, either you tell me what’s eating you, or I’ll drag it out of you one way or another.”
Howard is always there, leading visionaries and geniuses towards their goals, chasing this futuristic world with a hunger so deep it simply devours everything that ever comes in his way. He stumbles, and sometimes he even falls, although he doesn’t like to admit it, but whenever he does, he hits the ground running.
“He didn’t explode the conference in Vienna.” Wanda arguments, forcing Steve out of his thoughts, the open discussion on Bucky making his skin prickly and his posture defensive. “They confirmed it was Zemo. It was on the news.”
“So our timeline starts in ’42.” Tony repeats, for his own comforting’s sake. “During the war, it got lost in the water, my dad found it, and brought it back to the SSR.”
They don’t know – the possibility hadn’t even crossed his mind. It hadn’t occurred to him to even ask – what will they do if the Stones are not an option? Because he hasn’t thought about it. Because it can’t be an option. The Stones have to be there, they
“Rhodey!” Tony screams, forgetting completely that the sound will resonate inside Rhodey’s helmet with all the force of the speakers, almost unbearable to his ears – but it doesn’t matter, because he’s panicking, he’s
“Yeah.” Steve gulps, forcing the memory of Bucky’s broken expression back to the corner of his mind as it surges uninvited. “T’Challa’s sister, princess Shuri, offered him to go back under while she worked on… erasing the HYDRA triggers from his mind.”
Thank you for reading, leaving kudos, and commenting, as always. If you like my writing, please consider checking out
T’Challa schools his facial expression into something more appropriate, a smile demurer and kinder, wiser and more respectful, but it is too late. Steve has seen something behind that smile that makes his skin crawl, a slight suspicion that T’Challa knows something Steve doesn’t, he
“I lost Spiderman.” Tony croaks in a miserable voice, forcing his eyes to stay open as he says, because the memories will flicker behind his eyelids otherwise.
Tony takes in a very long, very deep breath. “Okay. You can have the comm as soon as FRI’s done with it.”
“I don’t think it’s gonna hold him.” Tony clicks his tongue against his teeth, foot tapping anxiously on the floor. “And with a blast of the Stones he could just punch his way out.”
They do not disagree, but it’s – it’s not enough. He can see they’re considering it, trading looks and biting lips, awkwardly shifting weights on the balls of their feet, but it’s
want to give Bruce some reassuring or explanation; When something small and fast passes behind him, scaring Tony, and—
Jarvis knew Howard Stark for many years, trusted him, fought with him, lied for him. Such a partnership doesn’t come without intimate knowledge of one another. As much as work was the main reason they interacted, Jarvis had lived in his home, met his wife and son, played a role in his life. And so, he knew. He knew when Howard crossed the line between wary and paranoid, between interested and obsessed; and that line had definitely been crossed with Tony, even if Howard tried to hide it.
All the practice dummies are scorched black and without heads, some of them falling from the supporting beams completely, and the entire back wall is dirty with soot and piled with rubble and scrap metal. At certain angles, Steve can even see the dents his shield left, and there’s a hole about the size of a football in the second lane, where Tony’s repulsor managed to blast through, despite the entire building being reinforced.
Never before Steve has had seen Wanda like he is seeing now. Although he might’ve thought he understood that she is not the child he insisted she was,
Enjoy the chapter, friends. We have a new addition to our cast, another thing I'm very happy about - and please check the end notes, because I have something very excited to share with you there!
“I keep thinking – why would the Mind Stone contact us when none of the others did?” Rogers points out. “If the Sanctum had the Time Stone for so many years, and that Stone could have seen Thanos coming, why wouldn’t it warn them sooner, if it was going to send a warning at all?”
Now, as we're in that part where everyone is just wondering where do we go from here in this fandom, I just want to remind you that the path of this story remains unchanged. Nothing that happened in Endgame affects this fic. Here, we work with IW and no further, and the only information I'll ever use or mention about Endgame will be solely to flesh out the rules of my own plot, to know the limits I can push, or make some nice comparisons for you guys. Nothing that will change the ultimate fate of this narrative. The universe that exists in here works in different rules, different priorities, and also, different results.
Steve rubs his hand over his face, wishing he could just walk away from this conversation and never talk about it again. But he can’t. Sooner or later, he’ll have to tell them.
amount of the spiciest thing they’ve ordered, which Tony cannot pronounce. It’s… fun. It’s great, honestly.
He doesn’t want her to worry. He doesn’t want to burden her with the agonizing wait and uncertainty of his life or death anymore, he wants to say he’ll stop, right now, but he can’t. He’ll stop
believed he’d been doing the right thing. And even if it gave Tony the biggest headache he had ever felt to that day, he could understand, and he could respect it, because Tony knows what’s like to have his thoughts clouded by fear and distrust and paranoia. All Tony had been doing was trying to get Steve to see his intentions, to see he wanted to help. All Tony had wanted was Steve to understand that… even if it was happening in the worst of ways, even if Tony had made him feel cornered or fucked up in some other way unknowingly, Tony was trying, and all he had wanted to do was to help.
People look at him and see Captain America, a tool for the US government. No one looks at him and sees Steve Rogers, the man who only wants to help, the man who’s only trying to do what he thinks it’s right.
So, he doesn’t notice at first. It’s insensitive, maybe even cruel, but he really doesn’t notice it how much his life had changed, when he married Maria and had Anthony.
It’s empty conversation, sort of – and at the same time, it’s not. They’ve done this a few times before too – when the night was rough, and the morning gentle, but not soothing enough. It just feels comforting. The lack of expectations of the very idea of getting up and facing the day, the lack of expectations between them even; No pressure to be something other than they’re not right now. They’re tired, and it’s okay. They’re lonely, and it’s okay. It’s okay, for a few moments, to just hold each other and get reacquainted with the feeling of sharing body heat, to hide under the covers and just be, like there’s no world outside. Tony is not thinking if there’s any hidden meaning to her words, or her caress on his chest, or anything else. He doesn’t have to. In these moments, they are not being guided by questions or secretive intentions, just the desire of having the other close…
Tony takes a second before responding. There’s a line of shapes on the screen, some of them a bit more complex that necessary, but Tony’s collecting the images from his database so there’s nothing she can do about that. Baby steps, Maria tells herself, and waits patiently as Tony makes all shapes but the square (second row, third one from the top) disappear.
it, like a reluctant truth, like an old wound that sometimes still feels tender. Tony doesn’t know if she should try to explain himself, although he doesn’t know what difference it would make, because he has done it so many times before, or if he should just stay silent and don’t pretend she’s saying anything but the truth. This is not a fight. So maybe he shouldn’t fight it.
“The Nova have been cataloging them for centuries, it’s pretty standard information out there. You fly to the jump point, boost up, and it will take you to the other point it's connected to. Easy.” Rocket explains.
? Tony never leisured, never forgotten the threat, but somehow, it was still not enough, he should have done
The one who looks worse for wear, actually, is Bruce. The others look fine, as far as you can call them that, but Bruce is in a whole entire level of distraught before Tony. He sits between Thor and Natasha, his hands wrapped around a mug, fingers drumming anxiously around the ceramic, body hunched – and his eyes are
Rhodey hums, totally unimpressed, nodding unconvincingly on the video feed. “She said something about you spending all day with Captain America and not signing the paperwork for weeks.”
that is so wrong for the strength Tony knows she carries. “Out of all creatures Thanos enslaved as his
Droplets of water begin to fall from the sky, almost shy, the beginnings of a rain that Tony feels within him almost to his core.
“Everything is fine, thank you for your concern.” T’Challa kindly says, his voice giving none of his curiosity away, despite the fact that his eyes sparkle with inquiry all the same. But there is a knowing smirk on his face, not smug but soft, as if something in Steve’s demeanor amuses him in some way.
Steve feels something inside of himself roar with rage, and he sidesteps Sam so he can stand in front of Natasha, using all of his height to his advantage, making sure that she can see in his posture that he will
Tony makes a pause, surprised, both at her tone and at his own lack of worry or discomfort. “Not… right now.”
These are his children? Bloodthirsty maniacs, armed with psychic powers and weapons and spears, that descended from the skies to bring chaos and dust, to invade their lives and rip their loved ones from their arms without so much as blinking an eye?
“I know what you want to do, Tony.” She tells him, softly. “And I know why you want to do it. I know. But I…”
The words almost don’t compute in his mind. For a second, Tony can’t feel anything but the purest form of
“Nat.” Steve insists, as his voice sounds accusatory even though he doesn’t mean do it. “We need to talk.”
Romanov smiles, but her smile isn’t mocking or sneering; It’s genuine, awkward amusement, a turn of lips trying to stop itself from happening but not quite succeeding,
aching to sink his teeth and his nails into Tony’s neck, make him stand down, make him humble, make him
hopelessly with a grief and an anger that only those who have lost it all can reach. The full breakdown. It’s explosive and torturous and
“Now it’s not— It’s not the time to talk about it, alright?”  Tony gently asks, but it doesn’t have enough strength to stop Bruce from continuing.
“It’s unsupervised.” FRIDAY says regretfully. “It’s possible there are people approaching south, but I’m not sure.”
“Yeah. I’m fine.” He says, and sips the coffee again so he has an excuse to not elaborate, and he catches Sam looking back and forth between him and Natasha, a huge piece of his bagel shoved inside his cheek.
“They are inside.” Jarvis exhales, almost whispering, feeling breathless and lightheaded. “Inside SHIELD.”
Thor points at Nebula, bold, and it’s easy to see how she instantly hardens her expression and posture as soon as all the attention shifts to her.
“What’s the point of being Hawkeye if I can’t drive in some tough conditions?” Barton smirks, and although it’s stiff and not fully sincere, his eyes are calm and tranquil, almost warm, and Tony suspects this might be something familiar for him in some aspect, something that equals to a relaxing state of mind, or a peaceful memory, or something to find comfort in, in being useful – whatever it is, it’s the most emotion Tony has seen in Barton’s face in days, an emotion that’s not negative, and that, in itself, is reason enough to let him do it.
and Tony still can feel the lingering warmth between his fingers, the last memory he has fading away, going cold with each passing second, disappearing—
, Captain Rogers? You don’t think my baby is beautiful?”, and he gestures to the armor, tall and shiny behind himself, a
Tony sees Bruce’s head jerk to the side, as if startled, but he doesn’t say anything. Tony waits, but he never raises his gaze, lost somewhere in the distance in deep, troubled thought.
T’Challa gives him a wide, satisfied smile, so bright it makes his eyes squint a little. “I’m glad to hear that, Captain. And I’m glad to hear Mr. Stark is one of those people, considering what happened the last time you two spoke.”
He has accepted so many other things before. Yes, he knows now that sometimes, he shouldn’t have. But he
“It’ll be an honor to have you in the battle with us.” Thor gently adds, the kindhearted and supportive tone of his voice only hitting deeper after his long silence, a touch of softness that they all so rarely remember Thor is capable of, for all his strength and size.
Tony’s jaw clenches so tightly his cheeks hurt. “Why not? She’s a big girl. And if I’m not making my way to a cell right now, why should she be? Some would argue I need more supervision than she does.”
“Boring.” Tony rolls his eyes. “And your drawings are good. I like them. The ones on the exhibit, I mean. I like the monkey on a unicycle.”
“Colonel Rhodes is not at the Compound, but he is alive.” FRIDAY informs plainly. “I have access to the War Machine suit, including audio comm and video surveillance, and the suit is still working. I can also hear Colonel Rhodes’ voice through the audio channel. He is alive.”
“I never—” Pepper says, and stops. For a second, it sounds like she’s trying not to choke too. “I never,
“He seemed… lonely.” She hesitates for a moment, as if pondering if that is the best word. “He said he had no one to show his work to, so he hoped I’d wake up so he could show me.”
Tony grabs her thighs, because that’s the first thing he can grip from his lowered position, and he feels like a beggar kneeling at her feet, pleading for mercy, but instead of asking for relief, Tony breeds
He’s given her permission, so many times. If she asks, he’ll do it – doesn’t she know that? Or he’ll try to. He swears he will.
Barton’s mouth contorts into a very ugly, very angry expression, but he wipes it away quickly, with years-long honed practice. It makes Tony feel a little too annoyed.
So he suddenly realizes – Barton is telling the truth. Neither him nor Natasha were meant to be a part of this initiative, and the only reason why they were included so effortlessly into it was by pure coincidence, as they both had been available and ready to fight when Loki ended up bringing his army down upon New York. There were plenty of other SHIELD agents roaming around and helping civilians evacuate the area, but Natasha and Clint had been in the
He’s about to say so – that he’ll be leaving to his lab, that is, and he’ll leave handling Rogers to Natasha, because Tony is all wiped out for today –, when suddenly—
“Then he should have been more specific.” Tony quips back, and Steve laughs breathily on the other side of the call.
The fact that Vision is here and he didn’t use the phone. Tony could be hiding the phone -  which is
This is Pepper, testing the tug. Pepper is twisting the rope in her hands, uncertain, hesitating between pulling closer or letting it slip through her fingers.
“I was the one cleaning up your messes after you destroyed an entire airport in Germany! I was the one working with the Accords because I
people – and he will not think about who any deeper than that, he will not open that door right now – aren’t wrong either on their logic. Both sides have lost too much already without him throwing anymore stones at this so fragile structure of thought.
Stops, as in – her entire body locks up, as if she’s been shocked with a live wire; and although she doesn’t jump, or startle, the movement is perceptible, the sudden cut of air between her words and her silence, the strangled breath that dies as it passes her lips, making no sound, like it’s blinking out of existence as soon as it manifests.
Tony also knows. And reminding himself of that fact hurts, because it comes together with so many other memories, so many other truths Steve is trying so hard to push back. Tony knows, and it makes his chest
And that thought is frightening, because it is relief and disappointment in equal measure, it’s the anxiety and the adrenaline spiking up suddenly, and he doesn’t want to even begin to consider what would’ve happened to him had he been put into a coma due to morphine and a bunch of shots of whiskey combined.
“We’ll probably have to divide in groups—” Thor is saying, and Tony realizes he lost a chunk of the conversation, lost in his own thoughts for who knows how long, his focus still blurred and difficult to listen to the exchange before him with his full attention.
him. He heard Tony move after he got up and helped Bucky, he heard him shifting and grunting— but he never looked back. He doesn’t know exactly what happened.
A warmonger. She’d known that, she had known every single bullet point in his laundry list of character defects, every single crappy thing he’d done during his thirties, and—
Tony finds her in their room, the door left open in her haste, but frozen still between the entrance and the bed. The armor is nowhere in sight. Even as her back is turned to him, her arms are crossed and her shoulders are tense, the tight coil she’s holding inside her clearly visible now she doesn’t have the firmness of metal around her to disguise her distress, and Tony sadly realizes she is
“I don’t know if people will be able to help us with the rescues, Thor. They’ll be pretty traumatized.” The raccoon,
Steve doesn’t get angry, of course not. It’s obviously an accident, and if he’s very honest, he could have been paying a little more attention and easily avoided the blow, and the only reason why he didn’t is because he had stopped walking to stare at the gigantic building Tony had been gesturing at, which was, coincidentally,
“You knew.” Tony points out, half as a question and half as an affirmation. “I mean, you just said where it was. You knew.”
He can’t stop. He acts anyway, and fights and fights and fights, even though he can’t see past the blur most of the time.
he should know better, but he couldn’t – he wasn’t going to ignore the huge alien spaceship, much less after Bruce’s warning. Tony had been—
The warmth of the rich wine offered to him has settled so deep into his bones he feels like he could be protected from the blizzards and snow forever, the heat of the pyre pleasant from where they sit, and his husband—
in them, swirling inside the depths of her eyes like creatures hiding in the bottom of the sea, untouched by light all their lives, existing knowing only darkness and cold.
probably –, but right now It doesn’t matter. Steve has an idea, and he is determined to see if that idea holds any water when put to the test, and if it does—
The Compound is dark inside, but the lights on the landing pad are light up, tiny bursts of color cutting through the oppressing black of the night, like stars guiding them through a dark night in the woods. The cold, this far away from the city,
“Of course you are.” Wanda whispers, giving him a light shove with her arm. “You are. You always will be.”
, so damn adorable, and averts his gaze quickly to the worktable, frantically reaching for tools and bolts –
“Wait, isn’t that the thing you said you were trying to get back a few years ago? The one your girlfriend got attacked by?” Tony recalls in a surprised jolt, a memory stirring in his mind, from a long time ago, from a certain point in time he can’t quite pinpoint right.
“W — What happened in Leipzig?” Bruce asks, eyes jumping from Tony to Rhodey in quick, jerky movements, unease visible in the tense posture of his body and the rigid positioning of his hands.
“So… We have to be fast, but not too fast, or else I die all the same. Fun.” Tony goes for a joking tone, and he very nearly succeeds, but he injects too much exasperation into it, at it makes him sound hysterical.  “Can we do that? A happy middle ground?”
He doesn’t feel sad. He has no reason to be depressed. That and other lies, so many terrible things he would ignore in favor of years and years of conditioning, of being told real men grit their teeth and push through it, whatever
“Call Okoye.” Rogers says, to Natasha, probably, while Tony drags his hand across his face with a tired sigh. “Ask her if they kept the spear we got in the woods. Tell her we’re picking it up as soon as possible.”
“Wanda…” Steve tries to object, but the words get caught in his throat and choke him, his mind going to fast for him to let his mouth run free while his thoughts scatter all over the place.
it in their eyes – they’ve been in this situation before, all the time, every time they ever assembled since the team first got called into action; The civilians who get caught in the crossfire and, thankfully, live to tell the tale, sometimes don’t come out of it unscathed. They try their best, but it’s just not possible to prevent at least
“Yeah.” Natasha answers Sam, and Steve snaps back into reality, realizing he lost himself to his thoughts again. “They were going on and off for a couple of months, no one was sure if they were actually going to stay together for much longer.”
Steve turns around and leaves in a haste, ignoring Natasha’s call behind his back, pretending he can’t hear the worry in her voice or the way she almost tips the chair over when she gets up and uselessly tries to follow him. He is faster, she won’t catch up.
He gives Sam a piercing glare, expression hard and closed off, daring him to say another word in disagreement. Sam does not. He just stares back, kind of speechless, kind of guilty, and Clint feels bad for his harsh declaration in less than a minute, because he sighs one more time, so extremely weary, before continuing in a much more subdued, almost
He grimaces a little, as if something sour has suddenly burst in his tongue and memories, but it happens too quickly for Tony to latch onto.
He shifts on his knees, so they can hold his weight – and brings his hands up to cradle Steve’s face, thumbs caressing his cheekbones, palms hot on his neck. It’s slow, and sensual, and far,
“You insensitive asshole”, he chides himself under his breath, lowering his head in shame and complete, utter exhaustion. “Let
, and he won’t give them a reason to believe he’s not worthy of their help. Bucky needs this much more than him.
Every day, every new country, every new city, and Steve dares, a little more with each passing day, to hope that
I just want to send a quick message to everyone who left a review in the last chapter, and unfortunately didn't get a reply before this chapter was posted: sorry for the delay, but don't worry! I read your comment, for sure, and I deeply appreciate your support! I'll get back to you all as soon as I can - But I am on vacation right now, so forgive me if it takes a little while!
He had never wanted to see her shoulders slump as they walk towards the bedroom, to watch her shuffle by the bed awkwardly, as if the nervous energy inside her won’t let her sit still, despite how tired she obviously is, and to see her hesitate to sleep, like he once did, like he knows, so deeply, how it feels.
You've seen the trailer, right? You must have. Just so you know, the trailer is the only reason why I'm updating this now, because this chapter was supposed to have two other scenes, but I can't say silent for the life of me so I need to mention a few things. So, SPOILERS AHEAD.
And I'm starting a movement here. Let Steve Rogers swear 2k18. The man was a soldier in the WWII, for fucks sake Marvel. Let him swear.
“Aren’t you in Wakanda?” Tony can’t resist the urge to ask, not just to poke at him, but legitimately curious. Wakanda is at least nine hours away, even with the Quinjet.
But before we continue, I'd like to ask you to be careful and check the tags once again, my friends. You might notice that in addition to the new ScarletVision tag (which turned out to be much more prominent than I expected, so if you don't like it, please be aware that their relationship is going to be discussed in detail in this chapter), there is also a new tag that states that from now on, there are references to
“I heard what you said, that Thanos attacked your ship. I can put two and two together.” Tony explains- “For all it’s worth, although your brother has given us a lot of crap, he was still your
And how will they haunt him when they come into the light, casting shadows over his own, drowning him in darkness?
“’Cause I’m not here as a SHIELD agent. I’m here as an ally. You might need one of those for the fight you’re about to pick with the big leagues.”
learns. He has no strength to bow and ask for forgiveness for his behavior towards them, for being aggressive and combative, but also, he can’t stop wishing they would come to him
. “And according to the SHIELD decrypted files released by Agent Romanov, Project PEGASUS was initiated in the eighties.”
“Something happened.” Steve interrupts, and it might be only the depth of his agony that makes them stop, because his voice is low, barely audible, refusing to leave his lips any louder or more imposing. Steve does not feel imposing. He does not feel justified, even though he has told himself over and over that he was. The words no longer ring true, even inside the protection of his own, biased mind. “In Siberia.”
this might happen – the closest thing we have to this kind of data is the speed of black carbon absorption by the atmosphere and some theories on artificial global dimming of sunlight—”
“She was the only one who knew where the Soul Stone was. There was a map, and she found it, and burned it – but not before looking. So she knew. And Thanos knew she knew. So he… used me to make her talk.”
” Tony coughs, struggling to speak past the flaring pain that bursts all over his body, his muscles all unprepared for the sudden movement. “
Natasha takes a step back, blinking fast, and then she lets out a cruel laugh. “Oh, good, you told him.” She crosses her arms and shifts her weight to her left leg, breaking her powerful stance, as if she won’t even
“The whole class rep team together!” Tony exclaims, a little delighted, a little fucking terrified. “Where is our resident troublemaker, then?”
The air catches in Jarvis’ throat, blocking his airways like a clogged pipe, uneasiness skyrocketing in a matter of seconds.
“So, this is good.” Clint says, allowing himself to fall back into his chair, taking a breath so deep it’s a surprise it doesn’t hurt his lungs. Steve is unsure if he is asking or if he’s affirming it. He is unsure of Clint even knows what he is trying to say. “This is good.”
“You know I’m always up for a fight, Steve.” Natasha assures him. “But I’m sure you know now… we absolutely
“We’re all going to die!” A woman’s voice comes louder then, and the burning flag in her hands is raised to the sky, fabric torn to pieces and scorched gray. “It’s us or them!
“It was a domestic thing. The Avengers were not supposed to be in Lagos, technically.” Rhodey explains. “If it’s aliens, no one has a problem with us stepping in and helping, because we have specialized equipment. But Steve and the others were hunting down this…
Every time they do something he can’t predict, a decision he cannot agree with, a comment he cannot make better, he becomes more and more aware of how
and pick your favorite; And I'll announce the winner next month when the next chapter comes out, so make sure to take a look when you have some time!
“Did Tony—?” he stops, because he isn’t sure how to continue. Did Tony know his coordinates? Did Tony talk about them? What does Tony think about Vision being here?
“The Infinity Stones are powerful, and their power is not something to be reckless with.” Wong ominously says, hands clasped together at his back and chest puffed out, unafraid of Tony’s or anyone else’s backlash, sure of his words. “Even with just the Time Stone, only the Sorcerer Supreme has enough control over its power to use it – and even then, we never have full control. The Stone has a mind of its own, and it doesn’t bend to just anyone.”
And he’d been glad to do so. Despite everything, he has wanted it, to have a home life with Pepper. A somewhat normal life. He had made peace with it.
“I’m sure I can live with that. Although, to be clear, I want you to know my feelings are very hurt.”
“I feel like… she’s always waiting for the other shoe to drop.” Sam comments, secretively. “And knowing you
“I’m not glad Wanda feels bad.” Clint argues. “I don’t want her to suffer. But if she wants to practice because she thinks she needs to be stronger, I’ll let her. If she wants to make up for the things she did when she was on Ultron’s side, I’ll
, okay? This is not – Who exactly is thinking straight right now? No one. No one is alright, but they have to do something, because if they don’t, soon enough they’ll be wiped from Earth just like everyone else was. He knows his idea is outrageous, and he knows it’s dangerous, but isn’t that what they do? Isn’t that the purpose of being a superhero, to do the outrageous to keep others safe?
Okay so, last minute warnings! If this is your first foray into my fics, I strongly recommend you check out the Part 1 of this series, which not only will give you an idea of how I usually go about my stories, but also includes a lot of important details to this part of the series. Of course, you can just roll with it, I certainly can’t stop you, but I’ve already begun filling in plot holes since part 1, so it’d be interesting to give that one a try as well. Fair warning though, if we have any very intense Team Cap members in the audience, it’s going to be tough for you. Just letting you know, I am Team Iron Man and it shows. There is a No Character Bashing tag there, but not everyone has the same reaction to it, I’m afraid. If it’s not your thing, just let it go.
“Was I lying?” Tony jabs back. “Did you, or did you not, launch yourself into a battle with no plan and no ways of communicating with your team, and put yourself and all of us in danger doing so?!”
The movement belatedly calls U’s attention, who turns his claw slowly in Tony’s direction, only to rise suddenly, like an excited puppy raising its head, and the high-pitched sound his pistons give when he does it seems like a gasp; That stops Dum-E’s little dance in front on his own reflection and also makes him turn, and then he
?” Nebula asks, flabbergasted, and almost a little offended – and Tony can’t really judge her, because it also doesn’t make any sense to him, but then, she asks, “He’s
beyond what I expected to go. It's really not as simple as the movies make it seem. And I'm sure someone will eventually feel the instinctive need to go on about how "they're bad!" or "they're good!" just because, but when I say it's not as simple as it seems, believe me, it's really
Could Steve have told Tony earlier? Could he… Could he have avoided the destruction they left behind in Leipzig?
“They said it would take time to heal.” Nebula comments, and Tony is confused for a fraction of a second until he realizes she means the
Pepper lets out an exhausted sigh, a sigh that becomes fearful and shaky midway, and all setbacks she might have about the armor are forgotten when she grips his arms and looks into his eyes desperately, then to his stomach, then to Nebula, standing as still as possible behind him, ready to pull out her weapons if anything else threatens her again.
They fall into their roles like dominos. Like they’re meant to. As if gravity itself pulls them all into this one place, this one spot – And Tony fears, for a moment, that this was inevitable. It is… the scariest, most horrible idea he can possibly fathom. That this would always have to happen, this tragedy, this cursed fate – that this is the only thing that would have dragged them back together after what happened, and in doing so, even if it changed everything… It hasn’t. It hasn’t changed a thing.
Why can’t he? Why is he being punished for it? Why is the world trying to make him sound like a villain— When all he ever wanted was to be a hero?
“Yeah, I do.” Nebula huffs, but instead of elaborating, turns her eyes to the ceiling and asks FRIDAY, “And from the attack in this city?”
“It’s ok.” Natasha huffs out a single laugh, a sad, muted sound, as she shuffles with the papers on the table int front of her. “Neither was I. Not always, anyway. But this time, it seems like there’s something you aren’t telling me.”
Tony sees them, almost as if he’s watching this all from a television, like an out-of-body experience, as his body locks up and the breath that leaves him sounds like his soul letting out an anguished sound, confused and lost, merely a feeling, with no sound. It’s shocking how his nerves can be so itchy and tender but his body so numb, how can relief and dread entwine together like two threads that look exactly alike, and he can’t tell which one is which, or where one ends and the other begins. Maybe they’re not separate at all. Maybe it is just one long, inescapable wave of indivisible emotions, a giant dam of it overflowing after too much pressure applied from the other side, a
And then, something catches his eye, and all his thoughts are shutting down so fast he can practically hear them all
Tony has done some bullshit and the truth will have to be dragged out of him. “I thought it was missing after Leipzig.”
“They looked inside, but they were thrown out.” Rhodey says, “It was just… a couple of families. Adults and children. They were praying. But it all looked very…”
piece of information with such a nonchalant tone, a phrase that holds so many terrible implications being spoken as a joke, it baffles Steve.
Still, the nagging sensation of wrongness knocks constantly at the back of his head, demanding his attention, making him feel nauseous and sickly, his sweat turning cold, and Nebula can
“Yes, I can tell.” Shuri smiles at him, a beautiful and sweet smile, and she steps forward to stand beside him in front of the suit. “It’s alright. I get it. But are you
The others start talking again, almost hysterically, raising questions and concerns, but Tony can’t make a single word out of the cacophony of it all, the sound of blood rushing through his ears too loud and too overbearing. He sways back, honestly a little relieved – relieved, because he won’t be totally alone,
FRIDAY confirms, quietly, as if she is mourning that particular loss much more personally than she should.
“The UN.” Ross reminds him firmly. “Or did you forget this is what this whole mess is about? To put the Avengers under the supervision of a council that’s prepared to deal with the messes
“Yeah, and it was an important half, I’ll admit it, but I felt like I had to read the damn thing eventually. So I did.”
“Just…” Tony interrupts with a spazzy gesture of his hands, shaking his head. “Just tell me what you’ve got.”
than being responsible for the most important person in his life. But the truth is that Steve cannot deny it. Not even to himself. This is drawn-out, prolonged agony, like the finest form of torture, more methodic than any villain could ever hope to think of to make them suffer.
The sound of footsteps approaching is what snaps him back to attention, making him leave the bench in a jerk, rising to his feet immediately. But he doesn’t move. His feet won’t let him. His muscles are suddenly turned into stone, locked up tight in a strange mix of
each other, but we couldn’t help it. It was our weakness. Thanos always made sure to remind us of that.”
Whatever those beings might be, and where they might come from, he doesn’t say. Maybe it’s just one of those things they aren’t meant to know. Something beyond the lines Wong is willing to cross for them at this moment. They can at least appreciate his help for what it is, right now, and hope that whatever Wong is concerned about is truly just a paranoid concern, not an actual threat – and if it is… Well, Tony can only hope he will contact them and ask for help if the need arises. They might be drowning in problems already – they are,
And it was all it took. He found their weak spot and aimed at it, and everything else around it crumbled. A house of cards, tumbling at the slightest pressure. Steve and Tony, they both had held on to their own so fast and so tight they didn’t even try to reach out for each other. A road to hell, paved with good intentions. Paved with self-righteousness, with the unwillingness to give, with a
“I’m not Steve’s sugar daddy. I pay for all of you guys’ stuff, all the time. Steve is not getting any special treatment. And if you guys think he is, why don’t you ask for more stuff? You can ask!”
The guy says he doesn’t need to sleep as much anymore, after the serum, and Tony insists he doesn’t need sleep, because he’s decided that he
, but before he can even think about doing it, he stops. This is the kind of joke Steve would do back in the day, teasing Bucky relentlessly with very little care if he would offend him or not, but Steve rarely feels the impulse to do such a thing now. He doesn’t want to sound like he is coddling Bucky or something equally ridiculous as that, but…
He doesn’t even know how to… feel. About this. Crushing guilt, is what he instinctively feels – for what, he doesn’t really know, but guilt, it’s impossible not to recognize. Maybe guilt for… for not having succeeded as he wanted to, not succeeding in getting people to safety, or not succeeding in… literally everything else he thought he might be able to do to keep this situation in his control. Maybe for failing to predict this, when it should have been so obvious it would happen. FRIDAY had alerted him that it had already happened in other places in the world, how could have he been so naïve as to believe it would happen so close to home? Maybe guilt because he can’t help them, not so many of them, not right now; his money is worth nothing, his suits can’t stop the ashes from clouding the entire sky, his machines can’t bring people back together from dust. Tony doesn’t think he ever felt like this – not even when he first realized what the sight of his name engraved on the side of a terrorist bomb, or even when he saw the sky split into a wormhole right above his head, only to allow an entire alien army to attack. Not even then. Not ever.
He runs, legs braced inside the casing of the exoskeleton that surrounds his legs and keeps him upright, a sight so alien Steve still isn’t used to yet – and he
Have you ever noticed that somewhere between The Winter Soldier and Civil War, everyone has learned that Bucky is the Winter Soldier? As in: his name is mentioned on the news and he is publicly called Winter Soldier during the news report at the beginning of CW. It happens. It's canon.
“Hey. U.” Nebula calls, imposingly, and all three of them startle at her before Tony realizes she’s not talking to
“Captain Rogers.” Is what Vision says, when he lays a hand on his shoulder to make him turn, looking at him with his deep, unreadable eyes. “I have some news for you. About Mr. Stark’s Arc Reactor.”
.” Tony growls, with poorly concealed bitterness. “If any of them decide it’s not worth the hassle, they might just
Tony waves his hand in a lazy gesture. “Call me Tony, Cap. ‘Mr. Stark’ makes me feel old, I’m sure we can skip the formalities if we’re gonna be roomies.”
, this time. God, he wishes it wasn’t so hard on him, that he wasn’t so messed up – he wishes he could admit how much he missed Tony, how hellish the past years have been on him, how he learned things about himself he had no idea existed and it took a lot of pain and arguing and worrying, but he’d
“You can say that.” He agrees, trying to lighten the mood so Pepper will back down, but he is still incredibly alert that the armor still hasn’t moved. “Lower the gauntlet, please, honey.”
“You wish, Birdbrain.” Tony throws him a smug look, and he desperately wishes he had brought his sunglasses. He has to settle for the hope Natasha is satisfied with his torment, and barely waits a second to turn around and begin to step back from the group. “You can’t afford me!”
“Because I saw the Gauntlet and I know which ones he had based on what color custom jewelry he already added to the collection.” Tony replied, words dripping with snark. “We meet him on Titan. When he got there, he had, purple, blue, red, and orange. Which one is the orange one?”
They nod at each other; an unspoken agreement, a truce, an apology, all at once, and Natasha goes back to work, typing away with total concentration, not even taking her eyes away from the screen as she does so.
–, here, there is a far more terrible thought consuming at the edges of Tony’s mind, like a starving animal gnawing at the bone, relentless until the very last bit it can get. The thought is ugly. It’s shameful.
He could remind himself that Tony still attacked Bucky, that Tony still had gone behind their backs and made Ultron with Bruce, that he still kept Wanda inside the Compound against her will…
“Including this book.” Wong gestures, raising the book so they all can see it as he brings it closer, and carefully hands it to Rogers. “This is the Book of Cagliostro, a study of Time. It’s the book Stephen Strange studied to become the next Sorcerer Supreme, after the Ancient One passed away.”
“We’re not going to be able to save them all.” Natasha says, not to rip their plans apart or to be mean, but to be truthful.
Like he knows he’s being watched – and he probably does – Rogers lifts his gaze and turns around, and stares right back at Tony as he stops by the door.
Bruce mulls over the information for a long, long while, the silence stretching between them like licorice, thick and viscous, the room stuffy and uncomfortable with all the tension between them, as they stand on a tightrope where neither of them knows whether to go forth or back down.
(She could claim to be cold hearted and detached as much as she liked, but she always had a soft spot for them.)
Something grips Steve’s heart in such a painful way he fears he might collapse at any second. He can feel his blood turning into lava, his heart rate picking up speed, spiraling out of control. He wants to argue back. It almost physically pains him to keep quiet, because this can’t be happening, she can’t really believe what she’s saying.
soaking the bandages around his belly and turning them soggy and warm and gross, and the agonizing shock he feels on his kneecaps when they hit the cement, his hands too slow to stop his fall, actually only making it all worse when his palms scrape the ground and he hurts himself on the rubble and dirt.
It’s almost nine when they finally get to the restaurant because Clint was incredibly late, and Tony is wearing
But Tony thinks this is the first time he’s actually experiencing this awe so fiercely, so honestly, so… raw.
Nebula looks him up and down, quickly, eyes still so hard and unwavering, even when her voice is softer. “If it’s not attached to you, you can take it off, can’t you?”
Nebula was probably the one who brought him here, to isolate him from all the others, not trusting the other patients and maybe not even the staff—
“Point is: We gotta figure out his weaknesses. The Stones’ weaknesses. Okay, maybe they tried to warn us about Thanos and we didn’t notice, but did they leave
Because he still feels hollow. His skin is still pulling tight when he sniffs and scrunches his eyes shut, his eyes still burn with the feeling of tears.
It’s… very specific. It’s something so old he barely remembers it – even though he knows it happened just a few years ago, it feels so much older, so long ago in time -, but the vision of a
“He is under the impression that the sample of Captain America’s blood was lost when he was under Dr. Fennhoff’s control.” He says as an explanation.
he would never do that. Would he help Bucky escape to somewhere safe? Where would they go? Of course, now Bucky was in Wakanda, but Steve hadn’t thought that would even be an option before. Where would Bucky stay? And would he stay hidden forever, always cowering, always looking back over his shoulder, to make sure no one would recognize him or hunt him down for an
Tony bites his lip a little, his teeth worrying into his chapped, dry bottom lip with a stinging force, the taste of the dirt and sand on his skin pungent on his tongue, a flavor that is, somehow,
It doesn’t feel familiar, not really. Maybe Tony is too tired, or too scarred, or too anything, really, to truly feel at ease, but he’ll take this small dose of comfort if he can, if it’s not too selfish, because he needs this to remind himself that this isn’t pointless. That he has to go on because he still has a job to do. That these people are counting on him, and he cannot disappoint them again.
But that’s for later. The reports too. They’ll have to read the weapons report to see what they found, what kind of crazy stuff HYDRA was messing with in their basement in the forties. And how far they got with what they had.
Steve doesn’t look back. The tick in his jaw hurts from the pure force he uses when he clenches his teeth, almost biting his tongue on purpose to keep himself quiet, his heart beating a wild, frantic rhythm inside his chest.
No otherworldly powers. No army, no bullets or missiles or biological weapons. There was no need for a bomb. Not when his team had one inside already, just waiting for the right time to detonate.
Tony had known. She’s a spy, she’s very… She always will find a way out. The Accords were going to push her into an uncomfortable situation, and she weaseled out before things got ugly. Tony wishes he could have done that, really.
“Your Highness.” Steve says politely, but not moving a muscle, his whole body tensed as if he’s ready to burst into a sprint as soon as it seems necessary. He feels like he might need to. For some reason, he knows Natasha would vanish into thin air if she could right now. “Sorry to interrupt. I need to speak with Natasha alone for a moment.”
Suddenly, Rogers stands up, and the strength in his posture and the steel sure fire in his otherwise guarded eyes is
“Let’s go back to Clint and Wanda.” she suggests. “We’ll gather intel and start from there. I heard there’s a weird thing going on in Cairo, so maybe we should check that out.”
Us, and who we’re fighting for. We say we’re fighting for the people, for all the little guys, but if we do something bad for it to happen, we’re no better than the villains. That’s not how this works.”
that he does all those days by himself. Tony doesn’t actually know what he does, and he doesn’t feel like he can ask.
About the phone? No, it can’t be, how could he? Steve doesn’t remember ever taking it out of his pocket when T’Challa was around. How can he know? Could it be that he is talking about
Laura had been an agent too, but she transitioned from that life to a civilian one with apparent ease. She fit in. And Clint’s children, still so young and innocent, they probably wouldn’t understand why Clint felt the need to help, despite his promise. Steve feared what could happen between all of them.
And something blooms in Tony’s chest, something strong and all-encompassing, that twists in a knot that entangles gratitude and vindication and frustration and spite all at once, an irrational cocktail that swirls and rotates like the Devil’s drink itself, promising too much, not promising enough, a bargain that has no winner or loser, no right and wrong—
It doesn’t really bother him. He always knew it was a possibility, even before the serum. If his frail body didn’t kill him, the war might have, in an attack on the camp or a raid in Germany, or really anywhere else. He’s not afraid of it. Nose-diving a plane is terrifying, of course it is, and his blood races with fear and the useless instinct to look for cover, to try and find any way he can come out of this alive, but it’s no use.
, by her side, her eyes less intense but no less alert, his mind goes quiet in that turbulent place where all his doubts lie, where the creeping feeling of wariness slithers up his spine like a snake, to give voice to a softer voice, to a new, kind of fragile worry, to his ever-present desire to
“Do you think I’m being unreasonable?” Steve emphatically drags out the last word, throwing it back at T’Challa.
They all seem utterly and completely heartbroken. Rhodey, right next to Tony, looks so sad it sends a rush of worry through Tony’s body, just like Thor, who stares at his feet with a face so conflicted Tony barely even knows how to interpret it.
, but –, it’s risky— But how? How had they done it and why, after all this time, Tony still doesn’t know—
“Is everything alright, Stevie?” Bucky asks softly, when he realizes there is something wrong with him. Maybe is the way he’s speaking. Maybe is the way he’s pausing.
“Then the King of Wakanda – Not T’Challa, his father – reached out and proposed the UN should be the ones handling which missions the Avengers were allowed to take, and where we would be allowed to go or not.”
It feels wrong, to listen in during their conversation, even if they’re having it right here, between them all in the room. It just feels wrong. Nebula and Rocket are mourning people none of them had the chance to meet, even if Tony did encounter them for a short while, and their grief is so complete, so consuming it feels like disrespect to see it and not offer any help or condolences, even if they
But he is nothing but stone-faced as the audio plays out, JARVIS calmly introducing himself and attempting to soothe Ultron, who, even within seconds of his creation, already seems far too different from his brother.
Tony and Bruce walk out quietly, with the weight of the stares burning behind them, heads dropped close in hushed conversation as they cross the corridors down to the medical bay. Or rather – Tony walks to the medical bay, encouraging Bruce to come along, and Bruce follows him a little hesitantly, unaware of how to navigate through the building with the confidence of someone who knows the place.
The plane also is unable to be moved because of the building it was still holding up. So, they moved to the building next.
“Here they are!” Is the announcement that makes them all jolt on their seats, spoken in a shrill tone directly to a microphone, the rush of breath of the reporter causing an unpleasant sound that makes them all wince, before she continues:
Steve likes dancing, and he likes spending time with his friends, both of which Club A is made for, so why wouldn’t he? It’s fun, hanging out when the training is done, or after a round against AIM – Vision plays sometimes, but even when he doesn’t the music is nice, the bar has a nice selection of beverages and snacks, and there’s a pool table.
“Not unless I’m needed.” Steve explains, but even to himself it sounds a bit like a lie. And because he has no other reason to hide, not anymore, not after these heart wrenching revelations they have spoken to each other, he confesses something else, in a low whisper, “Not if he doesn’t forgive me.”
like they are at this moment, walking in long strides to catch up with Vision and Wanda before he leaves. “I need to check something.”
“But that is one way I can help.” Thor says, with a spike of eagerness in his voice, much more serious and way less boisterous than Tony remembers him – and when he steps forward to stand in front of Tony, his posture speaks of confidence, but hard-earned and
good thing seems to have survived the war, no matter how dreadful it has been. “I didn’t get any of the books last night, and I apologize, maybe I could have helped, but—”
“They won’t.” Natasha affirms, dead certain. “The entire world is watching. Ross can’t put him back in there without alerting the UN now.”
Tony stares at them as they stare back, as if they are all shocked to be here, his steps unconsciously slowing down to take in the wave in which the crowd gains awareness of his presence, in shocked whispers and startled motions, in wide-eyed gazes and head raising in surprised anticipation. To
“Does it hurt you?” She asks in a quiet, almost breathless tone of voice, something that sounds almost
“But one beam of a star would be more than enough to power thousands of them – or a really big one—” Tony trails off, not because he stops thinking, but his mouth becomes incapable of following the speed at which his mind fires, “FRIDAY, my dear, where are Nebula and the Care Bear?”
Tony steps right into the foam of the fire extinguisher in his haste, thoughtlessly, and the layer of it is so thick he doesn’t realize he’s about to stub his toe on the foot of the center table up until he does. He hisses and lets out a muttered
“Will Barnes come with us?” Sam asks quietly, his voice so low that no one expect Steve would have heard it, even if they weren’t alone. “When we leave?”
“We also have some notes on it.” Bruce remembers, and then turns to Tony with focused eyes. “Remember when Loki ordered them to get Iridium?”
Thor and Bruce get up from their seats stiffly behind her, swaying dizzily from the fast trip and the emotional toll of what is about to happen, the stress and fear that has built up inside them during every single waking hour since –
? Do you think Nat would’ve let me baby her and act like she didn’t know any better when she switched sides and decided to become one of the good guys? She would’ve mounted my head on the wall, like a bear or something.”
“Did he say why he came here?” Natasha asked, going around the ridiculously tiny center table to sit on the tattered sofa across Clint.
“Goodbye, Captain Rogers.” Vision says lastly, and so, he turns and gently starts hovering above the ground, higher and higher in a smooth and careful trajectory, and he flies heading west without once looking back.
“The Soul Stone.” She says, and all eyes snap to her, like ravenous beasts at the sight of scraps, too eager to hear information about this Stone none of them have ever encountered – until the look in her face comes into focus, and they all sober up instantly, like a bucket of ice water has been doused on them. “Only my sister knew where it was. It had been hidden since the beginning of time. All I know is that Thanos forced her to tell him, and he took her with him to find the Stone. When he came back… She wasn’t with him.”
.” Barton scoffs, but his derision seems directed all towards himself. “Hell, I spent more time off the team than in it, and it’s not exactly a
, red hot shame curling in his guts and anger flaring deep inside his chest, his nails carving crescents in his palms before he can even stop them. All the times Tony had tried to convince Steve to listen about the Accords, and Steve brushed him off. At the time, he thought it was an attempt at manipulation. How— How fucking ridiculous was that? God, how could he ever think that Tony would
“Tony?” Says a soft voice, so gentle and so kind, a little rough around the edges. It’s full of promises of comfort, of caring concern, and it makes Tony freeze, because his body can’t properly compute it right now. The world feels to hostile. Sharp. Cold. The warmth is foreign, unexpected, and its presence catches him so off guard he feels like he’s about to fall, to collapse, unable to hold himself up. “Are you okay?”
“There must be something we can do.” Pepper says, injecting strength into her voice, the words gaining weight and sturdiness upon her, even as they strain her throat, even as they drag themselves heavy out her mouth. “There has to be.”
Steve calls Clint and Wanda, and keeps them updated. They both sound very relieved when Steve tells them Bucky is fine, that they’re all fine, and soon they’ll be on the move again. He tells them Bucky won’t be joining them however, and he’s surprised to find himself not that hurt about that idea. He feels more understanding now, after seeing Bucky. After hearing the words directly from him. He’s not completely at ease, but then, he never is these days, so as far as he is concerned, everything went as well as he could expect. Clint tells him they’re glad, they’re also fine, and they’ll be waiting for them in Egypt until they return. And that’s the end of it.
“Natasha.” He calls, quietly, when he finds her sitting on a chair polishing her knives, methodically and carefully. She doesn’t tense when she hears him speak, but she does stop, in anticipation. He doesn’t feel threatened, but it does pain him that she doesn’t immediately raises her eyes to look at him. “I’m sorry.”
Maybe sadder, even, how clearly Tony can recognize it as something he sees in the mirror, what he used to see the first few months after the Accords, what he sees now every time he wakes up, and remembers that the world is sentenced to death.
Clint barks out a laugh, full and good-spirited, as if Steve has just told a very good joke completely out of the blue.
“By the time he got to Titan, he had already taken her.” Nebula replies, her ragged, slightly robotic voice even more frazzled by the sheer weight of the grief it carries.
But Tony gets a report about three months later that the stealth suit works wonders – and Cap is the one who sent it.
“Everything’s alright?” Sam leans back to rest his arm on the sofa, posture relaxed once he sees Natasha is no different than how she was when she left this morning. “We’re still cool? No one after us?”
And that’s a punch in the gut right away, like being stabbed all over again. His heart stutters a painful beat, like it’s exploding suddenly, the shards of it entering his lungs the same way the shrapnel had cut through him in Afghanistan. Tony can’t
, to think that. It’s not fair, to undermine the weight of her decision, to respect her right to ask for distance and to know better what is best for herself – but it’s hard, even for Tony Stark, not to linger in writhing self-pity, just a little, to hurt himself in the deepest way he knows how, because he’s addicted and he’s helpless, because it’s what he always does; and it that makes him ridiculous or pathetic, that’s why he’s here in the first place, isn’t he?
“What do you mean?” He asks, like a child – a child who has seen too much but it’s still so painfully naïve, a child who still wants to believe they won’t be hurt, knowing that they will anyway.
Steve doesn’t know what she’s talking about. She had never told him what happened before she left. He wonders if this— If this is the reason why she’s here, the
Rocket makes a perplexing, stuttering noise, as if he’s choking on his embarrassment, and tries to kick Nebula with his short little legs just out of spite; and being so short, misses terribly, and Nebula barely has to take a step back to be out of his range of motion.
“When Thanos escaped.” Thor says, and his words bleed guilt and grief, heavy as his hammer, a weight too heavy for any of them to comprehend. “He snapped his fingers and wiped away half the universe – and it cost him the Gauntlet. I saw it, up close. It was burned and deformed.”
severely injured, his entire torso stiff and aching, his body still torn from the attack of his own blade; And two, because Nebula is the less helpful partner for a stealth mission in the world, considering that she is, you know,
“I know what happened to him.” He says, somberly. “I suspected, when he never returned to the Sanctum.”
fucked up too! I mean, at the end of the day, Barnes is still innocent, you can’t just blame the guy for something he did when he was mind-controlled. The dude’s wrong on that. But I guess he just didn’t know Barnes like we do. He couldn’t see it.”
he has just revealed. “The Time Stone was the only one available for us to study through the centuries, so it’s the only one we have
Then, she brings him something that looks like chips, and tells him to eat. Tony also doesn’t say thank you.
“Vision’s idea, actually.” Bruce admits. “I don’t know how, but he figured it out. And he was right, because it worked.”
Stop. It’s too much to hear it inside his head, and now he is about to hear it out loud. He’s not sure if he can. Steve is staggering over the edge of madness, between anger so deep it seems to burn him from the inside out, and sadness so heavy it weights like a million tons, like the water around him when he crashed the Valkyrie in the Atlantic. He’s getting defensive, so defensive, he can feel himself shutting down all rational thought in favor of guarding himself for a fight and he
“He was a teenager, almost.” Rocket says, almost contemplatively, his face cats down and his eyes sad, his tiny hands twitching and curling into fists in a nervous motion, his tail drooping in a pitiful stance, undeniable evidence of his grief. “It’s hard to explain, he wasn’t supposed to be young, but some stuff happened and ya’ know, you gotta adapt to whatever weird thing happens to ya’, and what happened was that he got young again, so we had to take care of ‘im. Got him a pot an everything.”
” Nebula insists, and she starts to raise her voice with each and every word, her fury leaking through the cracks when the memories hit a little too close to home. “He had you. He had all of us. He would have killed me, he
“Did anyone come for me?” Tony asks breathlessly, hoping Nebula can’t feel the way his heart jumps inside his ribcage the same way he can, loud beats against the bone, like a fist pounding against his sternum trying to break him from the inside out. “Did anyone recognize me? Anyone?”
. They will lock you up, he wants to say. They won’t care. They will pin the blame of their own mistakes on you and you’ll regret it, they’re just trying to find someone to crucify, someone to be their scapegoat. They’ll say you’re dangerous and they will torture you. They will put you in shackles. They will strip away everything you are.
Thor shifts in an odd way, jittery, standing up straighter. Tony catches the movement at the periphery of his sight, but isn’t brave enough to turn and check, afraid that Thor might be waiting to meet his gaze.
But Steve isn’t angry. Not anymore. He kind of wants to be, feels like he should be, on principle, but he can’t really muster the strength to do it. Because he is glad. Scott had nothing to do with the Accords, nothing to do with their fight – he was just a guy, caught in the wrong place at the wrong time. For the wrong reasons. Steve will keep himself glad that he will be safe and will ask for nothing else, because he knows his fight is not Scott’s fight anymore.
, and he commands the armor to give him his helmet as quickly as he can, even though the scent is already in his brain
“Eat something.” Natasha commands, pushing a strawberry cookie in his direction. “You’re taking your coffee black, it’s disgusting. Have some sugar.”
he made it. For a split second, just a tiny moment he allows himself to be selfish, he’s not thinking about the war, or the serum, or anything other than the rapid, strong beat of his heart, thumping loudly, powerful and amazing against his ribcage, and he relishes on the feeling so new it actually disorients him.
“Hey, everyone get ready back there.” Rhodey warns, raising his voice to make sure he’s gonna be heard even without turning around and taking his eyes off the flight controls. “We’re getting low and we can already see the lights coming up.”
that all he creates can so easily be turned into a weapon. No one in the world is as aware of that as he is. And Ultron must have know, there’s
again. God knows Tony knows how that feels like. Or maybe he’s ashamed. Maybe he doesn’t want to come back to a place where people only called him when it was convenient, then acted like he was a monster for even showing up. Maybe he’s tired of trying and failing, trying and failing, trying to do good, and always having his attempts to backfire when he couldn’t control the damage he caused.
“Also Jane’s behavior.” Thor says, distractedly. “When she stumbled upon the Reality Stone, it lodged itself inside her; and when Malekith found us, she recognized him. She had no reason to, but she did. I think the Stone might have been responsible. It is possible the Stones remember their hosts.”
, it physically hurts, the way it heaves with a strong punch of shame and despair, as she lays her touch so softly and she has
“I need to go out there to know for sure.” Tony explains himself to him, hoping that’ll give him a little comfort, a little assurance that Tony isn’t ignoring this, he’s just delaying it a little to gather more information on it, so they’ll know what to do. Because that’s all this is. Tony has been outside for no more than an hour, at most, and despite the hellish scenery he saw when they escaped the hospital he was being treated in, he hasn’t even starched the surface of how vast the destruction of Thanos’ attack had been. He saw the fire, he saw the body—
Steve doesn’t know what to say to that. Sam looks at him, expecting him to answer, but when he doesn’t, they both turn to stare down at the garden, bathed in moonlight through the glass ceiling, quiet and peaceful, like a painting, frozen in time. The air is cooling down from the humid heat of the afternoon, chilly because of the breeze that floats in from the balcony, causing the hairs on his arms to stand up in an unpleasant shiver when it comes in contact with his surprisingly clammy skin.
“Well.” Sam grunts as he shifts position, so he can find his footing and stand. “That was a nice talk, and let’s never do that again, you understand me?”
of this even if he wanted to. This is not like Ultron, or the Accords, something other people could have dealt with without him, or avoided completely. This is bigger than any of them. This has
“Wanda’s powers came from the Mind Stone.” Tony remembers, from his conversation with Bruce in the med bay. “You thought of using the Stone’s power against itself.”
“And what are you doing here?” Rhodey presses, a little annoyed, apparently tired of being sidelined when he still very obviously still isn’t satisfied with Lang’s answers. “Why would you come all this way?”
to remind him that he’s not just detached from everything, in this era. That he still has a place in this time.
“Hold on a second.” Rocket interrupts. “If the Stones can see the future, what’s to say Thanos won’t use them and know we’re coming?”
they’ve been so heavily discussed publicly, and he needs to know what is happening, where the public
under his breath, putting his hands inside his pockets in a uncharacteristically bashful manner, almost
“It’s still running.” Tony interrupts. “Let’s not jump into conclusions, okay? She could be out there. As long as we’re looking, let’s keep our hopes up.”
Steve shakes his head incredulously, unconsciously averting his gaze again, but Sam immediately pulls him back. “I’m serious.” He insists, “If you say you don’t wanna hear it, you don’t wanna hear it. I’ll respect that. But just so you know, I do have an opinion about it. You tell me if you wanna hear it or not.”
He pulls Pepper a little closer just as she takes a step forward of her own, and holds her by the waist and lays his head on her stomach, his grimy forehead against her rumpled white shirt, that’s already ruined by soot and dirt, and he sighs deep and heavy as the warmth of her radiates into his skin gentle and comforting, while the entire world around him feels so
The paranoid son of a bitch, always building an army of suits, preparing for an invisible enemy he has
feel fear. He got his ass beaten and he’s scared to get out and face that reality, or face the same enemy, and
“Possibly.” Thor says, after a long moment of hesitation. “Yes. But not enough for a second snap of fingers.”
shitty, no matter how many times it does. And it’s not even the first time he has done it to Pepper specifically, no. There had been several times when he’d been drunk – but also when he wasn’t. The Palladium thing, for one. The rough patch they went through when Tony created the Iron Legion, that only got worse with Ultron. The September Foundation, God.
Tony hadn’t expected to see him. He though – Well, he didn’t think anything. Maybe that Barton had gone back. Or hidden in one of the rooms. Maybe Natasha’s room. To grieve in silence. Tony would have understood that. Maybe that would be the more reasonable solution, to grieve, and not to… do whatever they are doing here. Not to push, not to volunteer to throw himself back into the fire because he’d prefer to burn than to move on. Tony had assumed, maybe, somewhere in the back of his mind, that Barton had really tapped out. That the farm and the civilian life had finally gotten to him, and he’d refuse to step inside the danger zone again. That he finally had enough. Losing family can do that to a man.
. Also, a bit of a misspelling problem, but I’m a man of numbers, not of words. I’m giving myself some artistic license here.”
He cannot read the Accords right now, but he recognizes T’Challa’s offer for the olive branch that it is. Steve has passed the opportunity of taking many of those lately. Even if he is too rejecting this one, he won’t do it with anger – because he
” Tony says, breathlessly, and suddenly a hand immediately shoots out to grab his arm, firm and strong, demanding, scaring him, and Tony looks around to find Pepper, armor-clad,  desperation obvious in her posture, and even worse in her voice, when she calls:
It sounds so terrible; to break into a place that Tony helped fortify, using his own tech against him.
“Sounds romantic.” Steve says flatly, because that’s as close as a joking tone his voice will get at this moment.
Oh, that’s gonna hurt like a bitch when he finally lays down to sleep somewhere. He can already imagine the pain flaring stiff on his muscles when he wakes up.
Maybe Steve is not the only one getting far more out of this than he should. Alright? Tony’s in this too. And Tony doesn’t want to leave.
“Okay, we’ll put a pin on that.” Tony presses, not allowing the conversation to stray too far. “No other register of it before then?”
to break the news to the others – fully aware of the reactions they might invite if they sell this wrong.
“Oh, I know.” Shuri says confidently, giving him a look that is full of mirth. “That’s why we had him walking here every day for the first few weeks. Might as well learn to admire the flowers, now he’s already here.”
“Did he say when he would be back?” Steve asks her, quietly, so soft it almost sounds like a whisper.
“You were unconscious and I knew about the functioning of your biomarkers. They operated you on my instructions, or else you wouldn’t make it.”
“I thought Einstein-Rosen Bridges were the only way to make that kind of travel.” Rogers says in that tone of his, the one that always verges between question and accusation – Tony is used to it, something he recognizes as something so uniquely Steve, but to hear it along with the term
clear that he has no intentions of contacting him for anything short of the end of the world, but still – Steve still thinks about it. About how he is doing.
Maybe because Steve tells himself that it’s okay if there’s any casualties in the aftermath of their mission, but he failed to understand the world does not agree. Maybe because he has once claimed the safest hands are their own, but he has torn apart both institutions that gave him any oversight, and he failed to see why that would make people scared. Maybe because he used to wear a
Steve is about to follow her, fast paced as to not let her run away, but T’Challa stops him on his tracks just by taking a step forward and making himself the focus of Steve’s attention for a split second.
Tony sees Rhodey’s face turn a bit to the side, like he wants to look back and stare at Tony, but he can’t because his eyes are glued to the panels – but Tony can tell he’s listening, and so are Bruce and Thor, not even subtle in the way they almost lean forward to watch the stunted interaction.
“And you sure it’s fine letting him go around alone like that?” Sam asks very seriously, not in accusation, but in confirmation.
Steve’s eyes narrow just a bit, and something teasing pulls at the edge of his smile, almost malicious. “That’s a little hard to believe, considering you were going to sneak out on me.”
And because it feels right, he doesn’t know why, but it does— he reaches out and holds her hand, just as she does the same and holds him back, and they stay like that for a moment; Both of them enveloped in a fragile silence, holding onto each other like a lifeline,
FRIDAY freezes the image right at the moment where they have Thanos trapped on Mantis’ hold, pulled apart in all directions by the entire team’s effort, all of them struggling and straining to the last of their strength to keep a thing with as power as Thanos held down for even the briefest of moments. From this angle, Tony can see his own hands clearly, Strange to the left, pulling Thanos’ free arm with his magic rope and Drax’s head near the bottom while he holds Thanos’ leg down. He can’t – He can’t see
“What was it doing in Norway in the first place?” Bruce asks, his brows furrowing curiously, hands wringing in discomfort.
“Why don’t you try turning it on and seeing it for yourself?” Howard says, cryptically, but his smile never falls. He gives her a light push on her lower back, and she reluctantly goes to the computer, analyzing it for a moment, before reaching for the power button.
“I see him.” Rhodes had choked out, despite the ash and the gray, despite the haze of dust floating in the air like the thickest of winter fogs, scratching like sandpaper every time they do so much as breathing in – past it all, past the dust of the fallen who has swallowed the world whole in less than a few seconds, Rhodes had
swallow them whole and leave no room for other priorities except holding it up with their bare hands if they have to, this might be the only chance they have to go out there and find more people, people that can
“It was—” Tony gulps. “It was the usual. Wormholes, alien invasions. Lots of Chitauri. But considering we had the Chitauri beat by 2015, I didn’t think it was anything worth noting.”
“It’s not ok! But where else would they put her!? There are no cells made to accommodate someone with her abilities.” She takes a breath, sounding winded, but it doesn’t really help. She’s out of her mind, just as Steve is. “SHIELD had a cell for the Hulk, but we don’t have that anymore, do we?”
“Making it smaller means more rotations, which means more power. The core was different too. Palladium works, because of the relays, but with that much energy from the plasma channels it decayed fast—”
“No, no.” Tony stops her with frantic gestures, stealing the cables from her hand, hiding them behind himself. “I’ll do that. You go to the chair and get ready to get the coordinates. No one messes with my nanite compartment besides me.”
“So what’s our plan?” Rogers asks, and he almost sounds earnest and hopeful, so ready to act that is jarring to see in the middle of so many exhausted and defeated people.
The Guardian immediately presses close to him and knocks their shoulder with his, using their body as a wall for Tony to support against, letting out a pained noise and a hard flinch when they collide – but the support is enough so Tony won’t fall straight into the rocks below if he tries to move. Tony thinks he might’ve hurt the Guardian somehow, even if his shoulder is the one that’s going to bloom in a deep purple bruise in a few hours if the sharp sting of a metal object hitting his deltoid is any indication, but he can’t manage to do anything but sigh in a small, shaky breath, even if only slightly relieved that the support allows him not to put his entire weight on his legs, that are starting to feel like jelly more and more, with every moment it passes.
“It still hasn’t rained.” Bruce also mentions. “When it does, the water will be contaminated. It’ll ruin the soil. It might even get people sick. We… We are living in a hostile planet now. A planet that has no conditions to support life. If we don’t do something to fix that, whatever we do to help the people that are left will be for
“And I didn’t know why, so I read about it.” Clint defends. “And guess what? I didn’t see anything about a floating prison in those Accords.”
, and Steve gulps around nothing and decides he’ll keep this information to himself, as if Tony trusted him with a secret, and Steve will guard it close to his chest, safe, as it should be.
, and it echoes deep in Tony’s own heart, in all of their hearts, because that – that was them, for the past two days, every single time they reached for someone and realized they weren’t there.
“I think it can be nice to have the people with access to nuclear codes accounted for.” Natasha suggests, with a tilt to her voice that makes Tony see with startling clarity the arch of her brow and the mean quirk of her lips. “Just to make sure no one is going to try anything when we’re too busy to stop them from taking advantage of the situation.”
what Tony’s thinking. “I’ve always been an early riser. Usually I would be going for a run right now, but I didn’t want to leave you here by yourself.”
“He showed up with the Time Stone and you were gone.” Bruce murmurs, when he feels he’ s being watched. “And even if he hadn’t killed you, when he snapped his fingers there was a fifty percent chance…”
he think he knows what exactly is driving Steve insane about all of this? “And what is that you think I’m running from?”
himself from not liking that tone, that tone that he now associates with some bad things, with the memory of a time of willful ignorance and a lighter heart, that had come at a very high cost in the end. A thing that, to this day, Tony won’t allow himself to think if it was worth it or not.
a way to help, stubborn as he’d been. FRIDAY can’t do much beyond a few permissions Tony has given her – after Ultron, he’s a lot more careful about the freedom of his AIs. A little too careful, almost, but even when he thinks about letting go, his hands will tighten on the leash automatically, reigning his instincts and his insatiable hunger in. Guess it’s to be expected, once you’ve created the murder-bot who almost destroyed the world, no matter how many theories they can create to explain where the
over it. Everything will be a consequence of Thanos’ attack, and the only minute thing they’ll be able to manipulate and change will be their own actions; The only structure that
But we'll go through them all, one by one - Starting in the next chapter, where we'll begin at the only possible starting point: the one and only, Pepper Potts.
But Barton, hiding a wife and kids on a farm in the middle of nowhere, suddenly roped into this superhero team—
The mixture of the mundane and the threat a beam of light guiding them through the freezing dark, a crowd enraged and screaming and begging for something Tony can’t understand, and he — He
His mind is another matter, but he had to start somewhere. And he did. He did it for her. To let her rest easy at night.
And that hasn’t changed. When he opens the door and finds the huge bed untouched and cold, he realizes he
“We need to close your wound.” Nebula says, voice low and pensive, carefully analyzing the stain of blood that has seeped into Tony’s shirt; Not big enough to be a concern, but still possibly dangerous. “Where is your medical equipment?”
Dammit. He misses Tony. He misses Rhodes and Vision. In a weird way, he almost misses Fury and Hill too. Steve gets so damn attached to people, he can’t help it, because he’s know ever since he was little that there’s so few people in this world you will actually keep for a long time. Life is fickle. People change. Time passes. But Steve has had so many things taken away from him he can’t resist the urge to fight back, to bare his teeth and attack, to hold his ground, even when his ground is unsteady, simply because it’s
If he decides to stay with them, Steve won’t object to it. But if he decides to leave, he won’t protest either. It’s Scott’s choice. Steve will be fine whatever that choice may be, because he understands that Scott has responsibilities other than the Avengers to worry about.
“First dark energy and now this.” Bruce looks up in exasperation and sighs, like he’s completely exhausted. “I miss the days I understood what was happening with science.”
And Tony has nothing to say to that, nothing that will properly express the absolute mess that is bubbling inside him, a cauldron of hot, boiling feelings, and he twists his lips to avoid a whimper from clawing its way out, resisting, with all his might, the instinct to raise his arms and block her vision from his chest, from the compartment glowing bright blue in his heart, even though the thing he
Steve makes a face so dark and stormy that Tony, for a second, thinks he’s going to be punched in the face. He can’t even step back because he’s just so surprised with how
Nebula frowns, which looks weird, because she has no eyebrows, but it still looks like one of the deepest scowls Tony has ever seen. “You could just fine a few hours ago.”
Steve had no idea. How could he? How could he have seen this coming, how could he have known? He couldn’t have. Tony had never told them. Yet another thing he’d hidden.
“We took Vision to Wakanda.” Rogers recalls, even his usual straightforward, almost earnest tone muted by heavy mourning. “We needed to get the Stone out of Vision’s head before Thanos got the chance to get too close. The only one who could help was Shuri, King T’Challa’s sister.”
I feel like this is the most difficult thing to talk about when we talk about CW. Because it's so irrational. Bucky inspires a very visceral reaction in most of us, and his bond with Steve in shown in a very intense light, a light that is carefully designed with the intent of making us feel defensive and protective. It's a very effective scheme. But at the same time it's very exhausting, because we can only follow our emotions blindly up until a certain point before we break. To fit yourself into the shoes of not one, not two, but an entire ensemble of people who are frankly too damn stubborn for their own good is very emotionally distressing, so that is why its so easy to ignore details in favor of grasping at the emotions caused by the big picture.
He chokes on air, like he’s swallowed something on accident, and Tony isn’t sure if the way he sounds it’s meant to indicate he’s about to retch or about to cry, and for a second, Tony almost panics he’s having some sort of fit – but then he blurts out something that Tony isn’t expecting at
“His children.” Tony adds, and Nebula throws him a look. “The Mummy mentioned that. Children of Thanos. Although I don’t think he meant literally.”
“Did you—” Tony begins, but he immediately stops when he realizes that the words that are about to leave his lips will sound too much like an accusation. He’s been practicing on, you know,
Tony does remember. He remembers both of them. He remembers them from the Accords, from Vienna and from Washington, from Thunderbolt Ross and Zemo and so many other shitty things. He can’t help but suppress a laugh at the sheer irony of it, of having them here, in this moment, when Rogers and his merry band are back. Christ, Barton is upstairs now too. Though… Though Tony knows he cannot expect Wilson or Maximoff to ever show up, because – because they’re
of affection that he feels for her is frankly embarrassing. In a way, for Rocket too – for his presence and his silent comfort during what very clearly is a very difficult moment for Nebula, a softness Tony knows for sure, even without asking, that is not easy for either of them. Tony is a foolish old man, he knows by now that things like these make him mellow. He won’t ever admit it, but he knows.
And I still hate myself for it. I can understand why she would feel bad about the things she did too.”
He guesses it only makes sense. He’s been feeling much more exposed these last few months, and feeling exposed had always made him feel cautious. It also made him feel anxious, defensive and ready to fight, but he can barely find within himself the will to push himself into an argument just for the sake of it, even if there’s still a huge elephant in the room whenever he and Natasha are alone somewhere. Their friendship is slowly making its way to what it was before— he always knew he can count on her on the field, but now, he’s been counting on her with his heart too, trusting her to listen to him when they share a peaceful moment and Steve admits under his breath that he’s
Now he doesn’t. He is adrift once more, keeping a secret that is much larger than himself, alone. No. He didn’t miss this at all.
“I know that.” Nebula huffs, slightly annoyed. “But it doesn’t make it any easier. I was weak, and foolish, and I let him get into my head and make me believe she was my enemy, not my ally. I tried to beat her, and she was better, and I resented her for it because he
to even help Tony escape Titan, and even if she did, just because Tony was already there and she might as well take him into the Benatar, she had no obligations to
But the reality is much harder to accept when it arrives. To be faced with the necessity of it, with the obligation of
“It does, but that doesn’t mean it was her fault! People act as if she did something unforgivable. As if she’d done it on purpose.” Steve argues, exhaustedly, tired of repeating it over and over again, only to have his words ignored and his beliefs treated as irrational. “It was an accident.”
, if you’d have been caught.” Natasha points at him, and if Steve would’ve looked hard enough at it, he’d notice that she is
“Turn it on.” Steve ignores Bruce’s questions, turning around and pointing a finger at the television, ordering Sam, or Natasha, or both, he doesn’t
“Alright. Why?” Rogers intervenes, with all the authority he can muster. “The Stones are still intact. The Gauntlet was destroyed but the Stones were fine. What
“And the Stone wasn’t killing either of them, even if Reality and Power seem to be a little murderous.” Rhodey reminds them.
“How detailed were they? The Accords?” He asks, quietly. “Were we supposed to act after being given permission, or would we have a blanket permission to all countries who signed and then debrief? W— What kind of
He understands what Natasha meant. He can understand her logic. Steve is not beyond admitting he lost his mind for a moment, when he realized
Tony rubs his eyes with a hand roughly, so roughly that it actually is not relaxing at all, just painful, a sting of hot sharp static burning at the back of his head. God, this is exhausting.
“Many heroes are heroes with much less.” Vision says cryptically. “Mr. Lang may come across as a… peculiar figure, but he is a man with his own set of skills and capabilities. If a man such as him decides to create his own suit, we have no reason to stop him. If he manages to gain the favor of Pym Technologies back and doing so, obtain another suit, we have no reason to stop him. The only way we will stop him is if Mr. Lang somehow trespasses a law, or a
“No one does. Nidavellir is surrounded by asteroids and other rocks of unknown sources – perhaps Uru is found in one of them.”
so many things beyond his control he can’t quite accept and let go of -, he asks, his tone dry and snappish. “Why not?”
“We barely have any info on most of them.” Rhodey complains. “Nebula said no one knew about the Soul Stone, and Thanos just
“Ok.” Steve repeats, numbly— before something else, completely unexpected, bursts out of his lips in a rush, half panicked and half painful, a throb low and deep inside his belly that makes his stomach hurt. “Do you blame me?”
Natasha gives a tiny nod in agreement, and they both start decluttering the table so they can leave. Steve gives them a quick glance, but his eyes don’t linger for longer than a second, his gaze being pulled back to the television like a magnet. He feels like it’s not quite
” Bruce and Tony speak at the same time, completely uncaring if they are interrupting FRIDAY’s report. Tony’s heart is beating loud and fast, his breath short, a rush of heat and adrenaline pumping into his bloodstream like some dam inside him has been broken open suddenly, anxiety spiking up in dangerous levels inside his brain.
“The creature who attacked us said the same thing.” Thor mentions, and they all turn to him, curious. “Something about making sacrifices to achieve balance.”
it’ll be to interrupt them, but he’s going to do it anyway, because his body is practically moving on its own as he strides in their direction.
“What do you think about this?” Barton asks, capturing Tony’s attention. “I mean – he told you first.”
, when Thor had always held his family, even the crazy ones, in such a high regard. And who really knows how much this axe actually means to him, if it means anything at all besides a replacement, no matter how strong it is? Tony doesn’t think he could ever know. The changes Thor has suffered clearly go so far beyond the way he looks, but even then, what can one weapon or another mean, to a man who valued his favorite so much? The only dangerous thing Tony has ever loved so fiercely had been his armor, and god knows his feelings on it are complicated on the best of days.
Tony has been forced to do worse than to house an unwilling business partner. Or unwanted. Whatever. Semantics. Tony really doesn’t care Rogers is sleeping under his roof, it’s not like they’re sharing a bed. Once was enough of that. Whatever Rogers does when he disappears when the sun goes down, that is not Tony’s concern anymore, and he
“I know.” Barton concedes, and takes a deep breath. “I know. You can be an asshole too, Stark, but that’s… I don’t want my issues to get in the way of our chance to make this better.”
, he really thinks all this arguing and draining spikes of adrenaline might be getting too much for his old, poor body, and he needs to find some food quick and maybe some painkillers first, before he blacks out again without any notice. He’ll ask his questions on the way, if he still feels like it when they finally get there.
“They have before.” He tells her with unnecessary mockery, as if she could have possibly any fault or even the slightest idea of why this entire debacle bothers Tony so much. “Wouldn’t be the first time.”
“Half of them escaped.” Thor says, mutedly. “I don’t know where. Valkyrie hasn’t made contact since. I can only hope they are safe.”
Tony hadn't seen the message. The image of May Parker crying on her couch, back hunched and face hidden in her shaking hands, sobs wrecking her frame, overtakes Tony’s head and it makes him feel like absolute
“We are in Wakanda under your protection, despite everything that’s happened.” He says, attempting to make clear how grateful he is about it, but he’s not succeeding. He just feels cold. Furious.
did; But after so many years, Steve had thought they would get over it. They always did. Sometimes a little worse for wear, and sometimes with barely any scratches at all, but they always¸
“You don’t need to worry.” T’Challa mellowly comforts him, so full of certainty and confidence that Steve feels a flame of something warm and bright flicker awake inside of him, something so optimistic he barely recognizes it as part of himself. “You will all come together again, when the time is right.”
“Exactly.” Tony nods, then turns to Natasha. “Who have you been talking to, when you ask them to let us in?”
The stranger considers him for a quiet second, and then, slowly, starts to make way around the desk Jarvis occupies, placing himself in his line of sight to be inspected. A very calculated action. Jarvis reads a lot of information in that move – the courage to put himself in line of sight, the assurance of his footsteps, the slow inspection he receives back -, and when they are front to front, Jarvis releases a deep breath.
Pepper stares back, and her eyes are kind but unyielding, the same fire Tony feels in himself when Rogers came too close, when he steeled everything inside himself to fight to defend his logic and get his way. If Tony insists on this, she’ll fight him, no hesitation, because she won’t allow him to go out there now that she knows this.
T’Challa seems surprised by his question; Whether by his soft tone - so unlike the other times T’Challa has heard him speak, probably the first time he has allowed himself to be unguarded in the king’s presence ever since they met -, or by the
“Briefing room. We’re running some training regimes and simulations for me to add to the gym later.”
, even though Thor was clearly caught off guard at finding Tony bawling his eyes out in the poorly lit, falsely secure comfort of his workshop, and Pepper had clearly said, with every letter, that she’d—
The comment sounds strange and off place, and Steve doesn’t know what to make of it. “I don’t know how you were able to draw that conclusion from this—”
This is the thought that fills his brain all the way back to the Jet, for the entire trip home, and not even the sight of the Compound’s lights is a greeting warm enough to melt away the huge block of ice that seems to have hardened inside his chest.
“I have to find her.” Tony whispers to Nebula, his voice too soft for the speakers to pick up, his panic hidden from Pepper’s ears by his hushed tone. “I have to bring her here.”
“We will not stop Mr. Lang from being a hero, if he wishes to continue to be one.” Vision innocently counters, as if Clint has just made a preposterous accusation. As if he – or anyone – would try to stop Scott from doing whatever he wants. Steve can’t help but question if this is actually true, if he can honestly believe this, that the Accords will not put Scott on a leash as they did to Wanda; or if this is just Vision’s innocence, his lack of understanding of the human nuances and deceits to be able to tell a lie from a truth. He thinks he is being unfair, but he cannot help it.
“Should I kill him or not?” Nebula asks again, and though her gaze never leaves Lang, Tony knows the question is directed at him, and Tony startles back into action like he’s been electrocuted by Nebula’s batons himself.
Pepper pushes back and leaves the circle of Tony’s arms, his body immediately feeling cold when her heat leaves, and he has a brief moment of irrational panic in which he almost grabs her and brings her back, scared of what might happen if he lets her go. But he doesn’t, because she doesn’t go far. She just… scoots back. To look at him. He feels nonsensically empty as she leaves, like she’s just left the room again, like he’s stranded in outer space again, with only ruins and dust to fill the empty spaces inside,
