“I’m not sure I’m following you,” he replied. It was true. He wasn’t following her because he had the distinct impression that she wasn’t actually talking to him. But maybe some other version of him. How did she know where she was, or when she was? How did she not go insane?
In seconds, though, Steve transformed into not only the leader of their pack, but into the leader of the Avengers – Captain America. “Fury is meeting us with another Quin Jet. We have a jeep and a cycle. Nat and Clint will be in the jeep, I’ll take the cycle. I want full sight of the ground layout by our airborne contingent. Get us real time data and have JARVIS feed it back to the ground. Hill and Fury will stay back and send us updates. Sorry, Bruce, but we need Hulk full out here.”
“Maybe you are as smart as they say,” Steven says and he smiles a little – a tiny curve of the lips.
He’s desperate for a job. Any job.
“Don’t stop now, Captain,” Tony says. “Or I’ll not -.”
Alternate Steve shares a look with Natasha and then nods. She raises her Glock and points it at Tony’s chest, but then slowly moves it over to target Steve’s head. Alternate Steve glares at him and then back at Tony. “You do know what he did to you. How he wanted to save his friend. This one.” With a casual wave he indicates the Winter Soldier. “Would you like to see how your mother died? Would you like to know that she begged?”
Yet Steve came through the comm-link as his soul snapped back at Tony. “Stay in your position – get to the pack members.”
“Go through the door, to the right, then take the main corridor to the elevators to the lower section. You’re assigned to the Widow’s Brothel. She’ll treat you well.”
“God, I know, I know,” Steve said and brought Tony into an embrace, holding him tight to his chest until the violence disintegrated and he slumped into Steve’s arms.
“You said it was days,” Steve replies. Or did he? His gut throbs in a painful rhythm with his heart. “Didn’t you?”
“Doctor Banner,” Steve said and then seemed to notice Tony for the first time. “Oh, I- Stark, I didn’t realize you would be here.”
“You can’t say you want much to do with me either,” Tony countered. The waves of resentment and dislike hit Tony like a tsunami.
“His brother did it to me, not Thor,” Clint said and slid the eggs from the pan onto a plate.
“Yes, of course.” He doesn’t want to go down this path again, not with Bruce.
He slips and falls to the side, hitting his head on the tiled wall. As he slides down the wall, Steve notices the letter still gripped in his hand. He brings it to his chest, holding it tight. His eyelids flicker and get heavier. If he could rest for a bit, everything would be better. He drops to the floor. The warm blood embraces him. He closes his eyes but he hears the sound of something in the distance. It reminds him of an alarm, but it’s foreign and strange.
The afternoon rush peters out and the only a few customers linger in his small coffee and book shop. He wipes down the counters and checks the cookie case to count how many are left. He might need to ask Frigga to bake another batch for the evening crowd. Checking the clock, he notes that she should be back from her break soon. He hangs the towel over the bar and goes around the counter to the stacks of books near the shelves. They don’t carry a wide variety of different genres, but he likes to think he carries an eclectic stock of books – ones not found in the average bookstore or the online website. He starts to sort through the new ones that arrived today, stopping as the bell rings when the door opens.
“Steve.” He manages the word, but he wants to say so much more before the end. Steve must go on, must try, must carry the Avengers forward to a new day, to repair the world, the universe. He can’t hide away.
“Thank you, I do appreciate your kindness,” Thor says and he gives a small bow to Steve.
By the time they landed on the Tower pad, Tony managed to avoid thinking about what the hell he would encounter when he went to med-bay. Briefly, he considered escaping to his workshop, but the truth of the matter was he couldn’t, not from this, not from his Beloved. Natasha waited for Tony to unbuckle and walked with him out of the jet. Her expression, grave, fixed in stone. He should be pissed at her. If she hadn’t decided to intervene this wouldn’t have happened. He said nothing. The air shouldn’t have chilled him, but nothing touched his numb brain as they walked into the Tower and headed directly to the bank of elevators. Without a word they entered the elevator and JARVIS brought them down to the med level. As they exited the car, it occurred to Tony that Barnes – who he specifically banned from being in his house – was now a guest and being treated by Stark medical person. Under his breath he cursed but said nothing out loud. Right now, he had to focus on Steve, even though this brain danced away from the subject by adding more fuel to the fire involving Barnes.
“Barnes is coming,” Tony whispers.
“Like fly?”
That pierced through Steve’s heart so thoroughly he spoke before he thought, “You were. You are!”
“Only the nanobots. I can get a gauntlet on, but it means I have to let go with one hand.”
“Yeah, like everything else,” Steve noted, but then he tried to soften his tone. “I will. Stark – Tony showed me some stuff on his phone. From a site on the internet called Wikipedia.”
In the midst of his rampage on the terrorists, Tony begins to understand he’s not only clearing out the bullies of the world, but also looking for Steve. The press and the US government insists that this Iron Man – as they call him – stupidly enough though it has a nice ring to it – must stop his vigilante missions. He doesn’t – if he does – he’ll lose any hope of finding Steve.
Tony only shrugs. “Don’t think so, how would he?”
Nothing about the room looked right. This wasn’t his expensive bedroom high up in the clouds of Manhattan. As the door swung open, Tony searched the darkened room for a weapon, anything to defend himself. But it wasn’t his room and in the doorway stood Steve.
Around two in the morning, Tony wakes to find a cold spot in the bed next to him and he starts to get up, but Steve pads across the floor and climbs back into bed.
“We’ll get to that,” Tony says. He’s not going to forget anytime soon that the omega was embroiled in the Uprising. But it will go a long way for Tony when he walks into the Council with a threatening omega warrior. Through it all the omega’s scent still allures. “A name would be nice.” It is in the documentation, Tony’s sure of that. But it would be great if the omega gave him this much.
Steve kisses his ear and then whispers, “Not God, but what intelligent species made the Ornari or made the God Machine.”
He groans in response.
“Yeah with that ability to change into anyone, sure.” She nods. “It works for him. I heard he gets some hefty tips. Oh, did the prince offer you anything?”
“Potts?”
Steve’s clear voice speaks to Raza, his words seem less halting as they use the native tongue.
“You don’t know.” He covered his face with his hands. “You don’t know what I did.” He didn’t deserve to have a new life – not after what had happened.
The words echoed in his head.
She rolls her eyes. “Most people just call me Nat.” Her smile is warm and inviting.
“This isn’t happening,” Steve said. He wanted to believe it was just a dream. It must be. He had been emotionally exhausted and hadn’t rested since he found out about Peggy, and then having Thor named as one of the pack – as the Guide – threw him.
“I don’t think that should surprise you or anyone for that matter.”
Steve nods and then they get to work. Several servants come in and assist, helping Steve stow most of the lose wires, tech, and other pieces and parts that were not piled up during the previous night. He also requests several additional pillows added to the room and the servants comply quickly and efficiently. By the time they scurry out of the room after rolling in a cart with the food on covered serving platters, Steve’s antsy and nearly ready for the prince. He hurries to the bathroom removes the plug, and cleans up a little, remembering to pack a few condoms and lube packets in his pocket.
Steve’s chest tightens and he clutches Tony’s hands. “I can’t make these kinds of promises, Tony. You know that. I’m a sex worker. I need to make money not only for myself but for the brothel. Turning away a big named client would be a disaster for Natasha.” He clears his throat and forces himself to make a promise – a promise he knows he would never be able to keep. “But I will do everything in my power to not accept an assignment with Stane.” He adds in his head, ‘if that’s what you want’.
With that pronouncement the entire room floods with a projection of a starry field. Steve feels like he’s dropped into an ancient’s classical painting. It’s a little vertigo inducing, and he needs to shut his eyes in order to steady his balance. “Okay can we tone it down a little?”
“Alpha? You need an alpha?” Fury squinted at him as if trying to focus on some obscure detail. “Captain America is an omega?” That’s when Steve thought his functional eye would pop out of his head.
Their embrace aches through Steve and he stops a sob from escaping. “We’ve never had enough time. We never had enough sense to know better. To be together.”
“I need to talk to you in the office.”
“Aye, it is truth. My brother is one of our greatest inventors. He brought forth many medicines and other -.”
“Yes?” He tries not to let it sound like a challenge.
“What’s that, little one?” He reaches out, attempting to touch his cheek. Steve bats away his hand.
“Sent a telegraph over to San Francisco,” Bucky smirks at him, with that smile he uses to show the world he’s got it by the balls. “I answered the ad in the penny novel I got, and look at that, we got ourselves a real town again. A blacksmith and a doctor.”
A rollercoaster of emotions loops through him. His stomach swoops low with it and he feels as if he’s twisted upside down with no straps on to keep him safe. He might fall, right now. He’s never been one to put his hands in the air on a rollercoaster – just ask Bucky and their many trips to Coney Island. He clenches the bar and holds on tight, but not now. Now he’s in free fall.
“Tony, that’s the one scheduled for termination. There must be something wrong with him.” She notices the man for the first time and her expression drops, crestfallen. “I’m sorry, Tony, you can’t do this. This isn’t one of your charity cases. You have to be serious.”
“Well, I haven’t really seen her so I’m just going to go with yes.” He thumbs back to the bathroom. “I’m gonna get dressed.” Slipping away quickly, Steve gathers the clothes from the tiny closet and closes the door. He rushes to the mirror. “Tony? Tony are you there?”
“Soldier boy, I already figured out you were Captain America, that wasn’t hard to decipher.” Tony tangles his fingers with Steve’s and holds onto him like an anchor against the storm inside Steve.
With a soft release of breath, Steve says, “No.”
Together they learn one another again. Every time he learns something new about his husband. This man he once only pretended to be wed to. Today he learns that Steve’s especially sensitive at his inner wrists. Tony kisses and licks and touches and feels. They become a thing together, drawn together, always meant to be.
He jerks around and finds Steve standing at the landing. “What?”
“You fucking ungrateful snot. I knew your father was right about you. It’s always about Tony, nothing else matters. Well, I can tell you a lot more in this universe matters than your damaged heart.” He hits Tony in the chest with his pointed fingers. “You can barely survive with this thing implanted in you. What the fuck do you think is going to happen when it fails? I’ll tell you what; the Conclave will be rid of your arrogance that you’re better than everyone.”
“Are you sure it’s not due to your history? It is rough, you know.” Clint offers him a look of consolation. “We could catch a drink or something. How much time do you have before you gotta be back at it?”
They fumble their way to the bed and Tony gets Steve to lie down, folding the thin blanket over his naked body. Though there are no visible bruises on his body, Tony can still see them. He sits on the edge of the bed, the thin mattress strains threatening to collapse under his weight. He doesn’t know how to do this, he has no idea how to handle the aftermath of rape.
Steve eyed Fury. He accepted this whole state of affairs so easily. That spoke volumes. It meant that Fury had encountered things like this before.
Steve ignores the slight and digs out his thermos. He fills the cup with coffee and gives it to Tony. It’s still steaming hot.
"Revenge?" Steve asks and suddenly and unexplainably feels protective of Tony.
“I’m not sure.” Lord, how was he going to fake this one. “What are you looking for?” All he knew he’d shown Steve and that was from the wonderful Wikipedia source.
“I have,” Steve says but doesn’t look up from the data he has streaming on his pad as he compares it to the information on his desk console.
Here the souls of the dead purified themselves of the transgressions and sins from their lives. They suffered in the bleak lands before him, wanting, yearning to pass on but trapped in a state of endless misery until at last released. Instinctively, Tony knew he would never be able to leave. His undead body was ruined but never truly dead. He was an immortal after all. Vampires died only by a wooden stake through the heart and he imagined that it was due the poison slicing away at the wraith form and freeing it from the tether to the real world. He remained anchored, secured to watch and to feel his physical form decay. His flesh curled up in the sun like dried meat and slipped off his bones. Each loss sent shooting pains through him like a drill into his forehead. The iron skewer through his chest burrowed deep within him leaving him vacuous and empty. His heart had ached with love once. The profundity of that love surprised him and fed him. It had given meaning to his immortal life. It was over now. He wanted to reach out and apologize. To tell Steve to find a way to live on, but his body and spirit failed him. He existed but did not. He never said goodbye. He never had the chance.
Bucky held Steve’s hand as if he never wanted to let go. “I hope there is, but you have to accept that there just might not be-.”
“Exactly,” Tony says. “It’s not like it hasn’t been tried. The bond isn’t something that can be diluted.”
“Tony?”
“Hmm, why are you here?” Steve said as he peered down the hallway and adjusted the straps of his bag that hung on his back.
Those last words depleted him of his rage until it only simmered under the surface. “Why? What did he do? What’s going on?” When her gaze dropped, and her hands followed, Steve knew she’d curled in on herself, closing up. She wrapped her arms around herself. So unlike the Natasha he knew, that he thought she either played with him or feared his reaction to the truth.
“Maybe we should go together.”
Tony’s face twists into an expression that befuddles Steve. “You’d do that? Even with what happened today?”
Now Tony blushed. “Wow, Captain America and his dirty mouth.”
Tony’s thankful for the interruption. He swoops down to the location in just minutes and lands with a resounding vibration that shakes the village surrounding him. Several people peer out of their small houses. He sees a local elder step out of his house, glaring at Tony.
After long minutes, Tony breaks down and leads Steve back into the bedroom. “Stay here, I’ll go get something for you to eat.”
“Did you ever dance with her?” Tony focuses all his attention on Steve.
“We don’t have much time,” Steve says. “I want you to know, that I will do everything in my power to protect you from what’s coming.”
“Wow,” Steve says as he lifts his hands and lightly swims it through the patterns for a new armor.
Tony burbles a reply and clutches at his chest.
Tony releases the gauntlet from his hand. His arm and wrist have mostly healed; he figures it was just a sprain and not a break or fracture after all. His ribs still twinge with pain every now and again, but he’s able to tug off his shirt without much discomfort. He tosses it aside as Blu steps gingerly into the water. He looks over his shoulder at Tony who only just encourages him.
Steve attempted to reach him, to get him to respond, but his body stayed lax and his soul remained a dreadful single beat. Trapped, Tony emitted a sense of being trapped and isolated. Steve held back his own boiling emotions, since he wanted to jump up and scream at the terrified youth and his sister, ask them what the hell they did. Though, Steve had to confess, the urge to yell at Bucky overwhelmed him as well. Wasn’t the pack supposed to save them from such reactions, didn’t it permit a deeper understanding? Even as he thought it, the flashes of images came to him. They were the same images that hunted him as he took down von Strucker, the same shocking sensations that nearly distracted him enough that his assailant almost took him down instead. Every second of Tony’s mother’s death had been shared along the soul lines. Steve was surprised that actual astral projections like holographs hadn’t danced in the courtyard of the fortress. How could Bucky share such memories? Why would he?
She turned to him, her strawberry blonde ponytail swinging as she did. “It will need your fingerprint to open the gates. If that doesn’t work, you’ll need to hack it.”
Tony smiles, and something soft and tender comes over his expression. He touches Steve’s hair. “It wasn’t three days for you. It was for us.”
Through her summary, the high pulsing need to be with Steve thrummed through Tony. He swallowed down the acrid bile and frowned. Outwardly he jerked in surprise of the clear pain.
That was an old adage and Tony almost accused her of being cliché, but it niggled in the back of his mind the whole time he was at Council. Now, as he rested with his omega tucked next to him, Tony couldn’t deny that those words seemed truer and more satisfying than anything he learned when he was young. The feeling of Steven curled next to him, offering him the protection and security, envelops him, and the doubts and anxieties of the day ease away until he falls into a deep sleep.
“Not Vision,” Wanda says, and her eyes go a bit dreamy. That is new Steve thinks but doesn’t comment as Wanda focuses on him to ask, “What’s going on Steve? Don’t tell me you’re falling for the fairy tale already? It’s only been a day.”
He gave it all up for her. He refused to revisit old wounds.
“What am I now?” He closes up and decides it’s best to get back to his quarters.
“We should definitely start with meditation,” Bruce said. “I like meditation.”
Through JARVIS’ investigation, Tony learns that Steve is not, in fact, in New York City as he had assumed. Instead, SHIELD set up Steve in a small apartment near the Foggy Bottom exit of the DC Metro. The idea that SHIELD brought Steve to the Triskelion, essentially the Mordor of spy organizations, terrifies him. He warned Steve that SHIELD’s intentions weren’t rainbows and unicorns. He has no other choice – he needs to bring Steve home where he belongs. The case of denial falls apart. Blu is Tony’s and therefore so is Steve.  Suitcase armor in hand, Tony gets onto his private jet and heads toward the Capital.
Then he heard the panting, heavy and thick. He searched along the side of the door frame for the light switch. Finding it, he pushed the upper button and the single bulb switched on, its amber light flickering on Bucky as he sat in the corner, knees up, arms limp on his knees, and a feral, angry look on his face.
Over the next days, the revelation of the truth hits Steve in little ways. The years he spent lost and wandering in the woods to the years he spent as the henchman for the Soul Keeper. He wakes many times a night sweating and shivering with images scarred into his soul of all the horror he’s witnessed and done on behalf of the wretched Soul Keeper.
“Feel my finger slowly circling, easing your hole. Let yourself relax all those muscles. Breathe in, two, three, four. Hold it, breathe out. One two three four.” He watches as Tony’s entrance opens, a pink pucker. “I’m going to push in now. One finger. Breathe.”
He yelps and jerks backward as Tony goes into a convulsive fit. His eyes roll up in his head and his whole body seizes.
"Steve was a good man. And he was lost to us, to your father, to me."  She pauses to gaze at him. "But that's not what you want to know. What you want to know is something I cannot say. You need to look deeper, farther. Perhaps even more than Howard did. Because Howard searched, he searched for something they wanted."
“We’ve only been here a few days. We could stay.”
“A little of that Brooklyn settlement accent comin’ out there, huh?” Clint teases. Steve nearly growls back at him. “I know this whole day feels like shit in a handbag but give Luke a chance. He’s a good guy.”
“You need to call for a truce. You need to offer him a token to show you mean it. Once he accepts the token, then you can negotiate a peace. With that, you can assure everyone that has been enlightened can leave the Soul Realm to go on to the next step – whatever that is.” Steve’s leaning against the side of the hearth. He portrays a casual stance as if what he’s talking about isn’t pure hell.
Tony chuckled a little and then slid over onto Steve’s chest as if they had done this a thousand times. Maybe they had – in dreams. “It’s not always about shared life experiences. If it was, I’d have no one. I mean, how many people do you know that grew up as wealthy and smart? Plus on top of that ended up abducted and nearly killed. It’s not about similar lives, Steve. It’s about shared souls.”
“Hurry up, hurry up!” Bucky yells and picks off another two ships as he watches the explosions from Sam’s blasts. But the fighters replenish as quickly as they knock them out. “We can’t keep it up forever.”
He walks through the overpass, the glass enclosed walkway. It stretches across the divide between buildings without touching the pristine jungle. He needs to get away – from everything – from himself. But he doesn’t know how to do that. He never did. Even before he acknowledges it, he hears the soft shuffle of her boots behind him.
“Damn it, that doesn’t matter,” Steve says and the pain in his shoulder amplifies. He allows himself to drop into his chair.
It’s a sleek white corridor with curved doors. Above each door is a light either indicating occupied or free. She gestures for him to pick one of the empty ones, and he choses the closest one since he has no idea regarding their differences.
Steve offers only a weak smile. “Same thing that Nat said. But would I really want to watch it all happen again? No. I thought about it, but I learned too much from Tony Stark to think that if I went back in time I could change enough to save everyone.”
“I don’t know,” Tony answers and spins on his stool. The nurse dismissed herself as soon as the fifteen-minute timer chimed. Who decided on fifteen minutes, Tony has no idea.
The words mesmerize and Steve closes his eyes as the ocean sounds encompass him. After a pause, Tony says, “There you go. Just let your hips do the work. Now you lead me.”
There’s a moments of hesitation before Steve reacts, but then he steps over to Tony’s side and offers him his arm. Tony grasps his bicep and Steve directs them to the stairs. He quietly counts them off for Tony as they turn and then make the second floor. Vision calls from the first floor.
“So, what’s Ross really want?” Tony asked again. He knew Steve was hiding the real intent of Ross’ visit.
Tony shook his head and the tightness at his neck reminded him of what just happened again. “You need to get back to bed. You’re hurt.” He didn’t wait for Steve to answer but turns to Bucky instead. “You understand? He’s taking care of you while he’s hurt.”
“You think? Sometimes I think you like getting shot.”
Steve lifted a shoulder in a half shrug. “I’m not sure. I don’t know. I’m still trying to find myself in this world and in this pack. I don’t want to say for sure that I would never consider it, because that’s not telling the truth.” He had to say it, though he didn’t like the thought of putting it out into the world like that, but the solemn truth was that he had been dreaming about Tony for months, if not years now. Every encounter was more real, more moving than the next. He might not know all the details of Tony’s life, but he knew, in intimate detail, his soul.
Tony takes a wet cloth and dabs it along Steve’s forehead. “You don’t understand. You cut out the nerve stem. You’re lucky you didn’t die instantly. There’s a reason people don’t cut out their glands, you know. I don’t care what crap you found on the internet. That’s all fantasy.”
As he followed her, Steve asked “Have you been treating Clint? Do you know his status?”
His heart picks up in speed and the lighting closes down to their circle. He's not even sure if Jarvis is still in the room. "I'm not sure what-."
“You?” He’s not of two minds, now. He wants to beat the omega into submission. He would have him right in the middle of the conference room to show the omega that it is not his place to decide for his
“It comes down to what you’re going to believe, I suppose,” Tony whispered. He couldn’t find the strength to fight the profundity of the moment, weighed as it was with such solidity.
“You will and you have to,” Fury says. “You know he’s holding most of the power in the Belts, hell, he’s probably got a bit of the Rims and the Outers with him as well with his humanitarian missions plastered all over the Rag-nets and Grids.”
Steve eyes him, weighing his response but Tony chimes in. “The deal was that he is in my custody and I am allowing you to debrief him.”
“You need a break. Being an opsimath isn’t your best look, you know.” Tony kisses a line down Steve’s neck and then licks along his vertebrae. “Come on now, let me get some of that tension out.”
“What are those things?” Steve asks more to distract himself from the pain in his hands, face, and side.
“There is that,” Steve agrees.
After that evening and the ensuing meeting that Steve nearly flubbed his role, things started to settle down. Tony had flown in some tutors for Steve. He took a crash course in the basics of biochemistry, physiology, and statistics. The tutor was a little over the top eccentric. She is bald, wears robes, and likes to have Steve call her Ancient. It’s weird. He’s not sure he gets a lot out of the lessons and he feels like a complete idiot and stupid to boot. So the first week goes about as he expected for someone not qualified for the job.
Tony waits, silently considering Steve’s invitation, but eventually he accepts and sits down. Steve’s wing automatically curls around Tony’s shoulder. He startles and Steve shifts his wing as if to remove it.
“Don’t do it,” Clint said. “He won’t accept and will be pissed if you try.”
Clint isn’t amused later when he finds them au natural still lounging in their bedroom sometime later. He grimaces at Steve and shakes his head. “You two don’t pay me enough to have to put up with this, you know.”
“What do you think?”
“There wasn’t much left for me back in New York City. The place is a mess anyhow, with the gang wars.”
Tony leans over the bed and kisses Steve on the temple. He does it slowly, tenderly, and softly. “I’m right.”
“You knew him well enough for him to outfit you and your unit for the war effort.”
He checks the position of the sun. “A little late for lunch, what’s up?” He’s not certain he’s fit for company, yet.
“You never wanted this. You never wanted marital bliss. At least not with me. You want the heroics, Tony. You want Iron Man. Living here with me, watching your friends, your team mates rally on.” She shook her head and looked up to the ceiling for a moment as if to staunch the flow of her tears.  “Every day I see you touch the spot where the arc reactor used to sit in your chest. Every day I hear the low sigh that you do to ease away the want. I can’t live like this and pretend it’s okay.”
“Yeah. Vision is great, don’t get me wrong, but JARVIS – JARVIS was my baby. I spent hours, hundreds of hours on his code.” Tony grins. “And actually, we’re not in the computer, the computer is in us.”
“Really? You are fucking with me now!”
“You repaired her yourself. Wait! After the accident?” Steve gulps and then the distinct sound of his glass hitting the table reverberates. “Sorry. But really?”
The omega is thin, nearly skin and bones. He’s almost naked from what Tony can see. The translucent value of his skin only serves to heighten the blue network of veins emphasized by his state. He has some muscle on him; he’s not emaciated – not yet. But it’s obvious no resources have been employed for this omega. Tony can’t detect any movement from the man. He’s curled in the corner on the floor, not even on the cot provided. It looks like he didn’t have the strength to get to the bed. Dirt and grime mat his hair and his skin as if whatever he encountered before his incarceration remains like a brand on his flesh.
“Sure, I do.” He falls back onto his cot. “Never saw a Congressman or Senator I couldn’t fuck with and get them to agree to buy the next big thing to keep their district happy and their poll numbers on the rise.”
“Just get it. He’s.” Steve stops. “He’s going to need a break after this. I want to bring him over to the park, maybe and see if he can relax.”
Dear Mrs. Fury gave Tony a place and a name. It’s not much but it means the world. He can figure this out; she might as well have given him a social security number. It’s that easy for him now. He has more information than he could have ever hoped for with this little note inside a cookie bag. He snorts. “Cookies.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Bucky says and turns his face away, as if he’s ashamed of the emotions he feels. “I just want my friend to, you know, not be so god damned pitiful.” It sounds like an insult but it isn’t.
From behind, Steve steps to Tony’s side on the dock. “I’m here.”
“Okay. Well, you two just rest.”
Steve has never quite had a client like Tony. He opens his mouth and Tony places it on his tongue dragging it gently until Steve catches it with his teeth. When he does, he sees Tony’s pupils blow wide and the prince’s mouth open a touch as if he’s licking the cherry with Steve.
“There’s a massive hole in the code,” Bruce said. “And it looks like-.” He tapped a few more times. The display changed to another code spiraling over the rest of JARVIS’ code. “A new code is just eating away at all of the security protocols.”
“JARVIS, translate what I want to say and project it.”
The idea strikes him like a knife to the chest. The dark shadows that seized Steve and threw him into a comatose state flicker at the edge of Tony’s consciousness. He shudders and rubs at his eyes. “Fuck.” The stress eats at his sanity.
Tony knelt next to him and said,  “Humans want us dead. Say the dead should stay dead.”
“Hey,” Steve says. “I have a nice picnic basket packed.” He holds up a wicker basket as Tony turns back to him. “Got all kinds of goodies.”
He grimaces and gets the other wire secured to the node. “What now? What now?” He can’t feel his face and they need a fire but right now he has to save Tony. “What now.”
“If it’s Bucky, truly Bucky and not the Winter Soldier, he’s not there for any of those options,” Steve said and picked up the dish towel to dry his hands. “He’s there to help.”
Hence, Steve found himself standing at the entrance to Tony’s workshop again. He waited as JARVIS announced him. Tony had his back to Steve as he worked at something small and intricate on the bench. In actuality, Steve supposed he could reach out and kind of poke him with his mind, but that just seemed rude. Especially since the idea just brought up crude images to mind.
He’s not sure that Steve can stand considering the shape of his feet. They look like someone placed hot irons on the soles of his feet repeatedly – and recently. Bucky is going to have to carry him and that means little to no defensive weapons. Bucky shakes his head; he’s not going to let that stop him, nothing is going to stop him. He’s going to get Steve free from this place and they’re going to break the sound barrier running to freedom.
Steve swung around and faced Tony, his hands in a tight ball in his lap. “I grew up differently. Sometimes it feels like I’m actually on a different planet or something. Nothing makes sense and at the same time everything makes sense. Peggy used to say I was too dramatic. Maybe I am. But maybe, just maybe, the world leaped forward and I can’t catch up.”
“You have every right to protect yourself, Steve,” Peggy said. She never touched him, never forced him to stop ripping away at his nail bed. “You endured horrible things. No one should. No one. Not human. Not vampire. Not Divini.”
“This makes you a god damned criminal. This is against Helsinki. It’s against the Belmont Report. Everything, everything,” Tony said and swept his arm in a chopping motion. What the hell was he going t do? His parents had been dead for years and off short accounts that Tony had inherited had financed this prison cell, this torture chamber. He was responsible. Him – Tony Stark.  “Everything you have done here is illegal.” He turned to Happy and ordered, “Get that man out of there.” He shifted his attention to Sawyer completely ignoring the conceited look on Rumlow’s face. “You, help him. And don’t talk unless you are required to.” Without pause he addressed Pepper, “Get the downloads started. It might take a while considering the age of the equipment. If it’s impossible to download, we’ll dismantle and take the hard drives out.”
Tony felt his insides curdling with something like fear.  "N... no?  No, but... but... scent-mates..."
Armando!"
sorry, Captain Rogers," said Jane, who looked horrified at herself for upsetting Steve.
-Windsor," he said with the sort of good-natured snobbery Steve had grown used to.  "Forget it, I'll go casual." He threw on a dark red, pinstripe shirt, popping the collar to hide his neck and leaving the top two buttons undone to show off the rim of his arc reactor.  "...are you going to hang out with the omegas tonight? Am I suppose to escort you to that?"
He looked at Phil and at Tony and Steve with a look of mild disgust.  "Hill wanted a status update. Looks like everything's... nominal. The WSC is involved, now, too.  They're not thrilled with the Captain having such an... exploitable..." He trailed off, not knowing the word to use.  Instead, he settled down into an armchair. "They're interested in investigating if there was any possible trigger that made the captain more vulnerable, anything you can remember that might have... aided the mental breach.  ...excuse me, can you stop?" he asked, the last question directed at Tony, who was running his hands over Steve's chest and stomach with glee.
"Hey, I think Tony's in scuffle with Pitbull outside. Wanna watch? Should be funny."
"Welcome back to the world of the living," Natasha teased. Steve straightened up, his head having been on her shoulder. He then blinked and rubbed his eyes.
"Beats me, Tony," said Tiberus wearily.  "He lasted for five years at Boulder Hill, so clearly, he's a fighter.  I can't exactly call up Zephyr Hill and ask about him, can I? Anyway, we don't know if he's still Bullseye or if they would have renamed him.  The trail ran dry at Zephyr Hill. But I think there's a chance and that's certainly better than no chance."
Rumlow's voice was incredibly reassuring.
He felt completely and totally stunned.
. Steve hesitantly stepped forward, as if he wouldn't be welcome in his very own apartment. Tony evidently didn't feel welcome anymore. "You do know why I don't want to tell Nat and Clint, right?" he asked and raised a brow.
He gave his tongue a wiggle, pressing against Steve's hole tempting, pushing at it, then going back to licking it; Steve's body shuddered with a suppressed desire to move back into Tony's tongue, to have something inside him.
Natasha let the conversation, but gave Steve a look of sympathy.  Tony's derision toward omegas was clearly based on jealousy.  For all of Tony's posturing, it was obvious that he had been desperate for paternal attention, and that he'd failed to get it.
"...what'd I do?"
"Tony?"  Pepper's voice.
He smiled under the t-shirt then pulled it off. "Thanks."
He'd been having trouble keeping up with Steve all morning.  Now he'd been dumped.
Despite Steve's protest, he was still stroking his hair softly, hypnotically.
He had been hoping Clint might supply him with some sort of reassurance, perhaps, that his and Steve's bond was safe and that there was an easy way to prevent any unwanted surprises.
On the morning of their departure, Tony had a cup of coffee, and on the plane, he had only a half-glass of scotch, which was probably the least anyone had seen him drink since before the beginning of the year.
"Am I going to be allowed to eat today?" demanded Tony, checking his watch impatiently.  "I'm starving.  How many more inkblots do I have to look at?"
.  He
"солдат!" called someone.
Tony pressed himself against the one-way glass, watching Steve lying there in the chair, eyes closed.  Since the last time he'd been here, someone had wiped away the blood from the glass.
Tony stepped over the bodies of a couple of guards toward the nearest exit.  He'd come in through a ventilation shaft, but he slipped through a set of double doors onto a loading dock, which seemed faster.  The bay was empty except for a slick of oil on the concrete floor, and the door was open. Clearly, someone had just left. The base had been cleared in a hurry, and if Tony had thought about it, he would have known that this could only mean two things: that there was something very valuable worth protecting that had been there, and that there was probably some sort of self-destruction protocol in place.
"Everything okay with you two?" asked Pepper, a hint of hope in her voice.
"G-go fuck yourself," Steve gasped out.
He pulled Steve's shirt off; Steve was lying there unhappily and not cooperating much.  Tony stripped him down to his underwear and then settled down to spoon him. "...seriously, you did really good, Steve," Tony breathed against his neck.  He nosed behind Steve's ear a little.
"Now, here's Tony's first horseride.  He's dreadfully afraid of horses, you know..." said Peggy.  In the photo, Tony was clinging to Edwin Jarvis's leg, shielding his face from the world's most adorable and unthreatening-looking pony.   It wasn't even a horse. Just a miniature pony, with a pink ribbon in its mane. Ana was holding an apple, probably trying to convince Tony that the pony was friendly, and both she and Jarvis were laughing.  Peggy was in the photo in riding boots, also laughing, a hand on Tony's back.
"Fury nearly died. He went in for emergency surgery. Bucky shot him," Steve continued after a moment. "I think HYDRA was trying to take me.  Alive.  I didn't let them. It all happened very quickly.  All I know for sure is that Bucky didn't know who I am and he made me have a-"  Steve stopped sharply, the continued, voice strained, "He threw me against a wall.  I'm pretty sure that's what did it."
Tiberius certainly wouldn't take advantage and try to take photos or get information or anything like that. They could trust him.
He grabbed his robe out of the closet and went down to the kitchen, leaving the note.  Even though the living room was still a mess, the rest of the house was as gleaming and sterile as usual.  The kitchen was all stainless steel.  There was a neat stack of mail on the center island that Pepper must have left there for him.  Tony ignored it.
By the end of the interview and photo shoot Tony was positive he had tinnitus from Jameson yelling everything.
"Should I get Steve?"
"Yeah," repeated Tony, who didn't really know how he was about it.  He just didn't think about it, really. He hadn't realized Steve was, and its loss had no especially affected him.  Mostly it scared him to think how close they'd come to having a child. If they'd found out, Steve would have had to get an abortion, and the news would go crazy, and it would have been awful.
His heart throbbed in his ears. He thought he saw spots as if the whole world pixelated around him. The energy waves surged through the soul bonds and suddenly Bucky appeared around the corner and placed his metal hand on Natasha shoulder.
“You can’t fix something that’s not broken, Tones.”
Steve shakes his head. “You’re joking.”
“What does that mean, exactly? I mean because the old guy in the room,” Tony said as he pointed to Steve. “Is a bit of a homophobic ass, so I don’t see – well I don’t think I’ll be seeing much of his ass.” Before Steve can interject to defend himself, Tony raced on. “And by the way, Barnes is not a saint. He killed my parents. So I’m not inclined to have him as my
“Back to town, most probably. She knows the way, she’ll be fine,” Steve says and climbs back into his saddle. It’s better to have Tony directly behind him anyway. The pack horse only increased the chances of failure.
“Okay then, a story.” Tony grips his knees and sighs.
“Mister Stark?” Cho says and waits. “Mister Stark?”
It almost sounded like home and Steve’s heart skipped a beat. He felt his cheeks warm and he bowed his head, trying to suppress a smile. “Okay.”
Steve smooths Tony’s collar and says, “Yes, but I promise tomorrow will be better.”
“Doesn’t matter, I’ll know,” Steve replies.
Squinting, he opens his eyes again to the brilliant lights around him. Closest to him is Tony, though it’s hard to make out his features with all of the digital input. He waits for his eyes to adjust, blinking several times as his eyes water in the bright light.
Buck only smiles, it’s weak and broken and reminds Steve of when he’d rescued Bucky – half out of his mind with pain from the torture some lunatic holed up in the middle of nowhere inflicted on him. “Be all right, you’ll see. Better than you.” His gaze drifts and his sights fall on Stark. A sadness comes over him. “Don’t get yourself in trouble, Stevie. When I go, don’t get yourself in trouble.”
“It’s gotta be you. We’ll all be there to help out, but you gotta be the one to call him back. Otherwise, he might just finish his dance.” Once he finished speaking, Bucky released a breath and his shoulders curled downward with the burden of his past again.
Tony snapped then because the whole damned situation. “What the hell do you mean? It wasn’t the coagulant? It wasn’t the disease. It was the immortality, wasn’t it? Why the hell was he after the immortality? Was he after it for himself? What-.”
“How do you home it to the optical nerve?” Steve asks and he notices how Tony beams at him. He’s proud, happy that Steve picked up on that specific issue.
The floor retracts and the ship comes to a quick hover. They have seconds before Clint becomes a sitting duck. Bucky glances at Sam and with a sharp nod, they let go of the straps.  The wind and the cold hit him instantly. He flinches but then bends his legs read for the impact. It’s quick and hurts like hell but he rolls and comes to a stop. In seconds Sam is next to him. He’s checking his scanner.  Redwing flies.
“We oppose this new policy that the United States is trying to impose on the whole of the world. Wakanda has a peaceful understanding and laws protecting all vampires from this mutilation.” He held up his hand, index finger extended punctuating the words. “We will not stand for this prejudice. Our vampires are free to mate. And we have no violence against humans. Those vampires without mates are permitted to access our blood banks specifically designed for vampires!” The scene changed to a street in Wakanda’s capital city. It was night and vampires and humans walked arm in arm amongst the rest of the couples and human families. “The world has got it wrong. These vampires are our brothers and sisters. Our family. We cannot abandon them. We cannot in good conscience condone this new policy.”
“Wh? Tony?”
“Well, if you want to call me Dummy, I can fill that role,” Steve says and there’s a lightness in his voice that invites.
Another round of appreciative applause. Steve rotates his shoulders, he’s too hot as he listens to Tony’s voice. The tone is off, like the distant howl on the wind warning of something coming. Rhodes steps away from the microphone after a bashful thank you and wave, leaving the podium to Tony again.
“I want to, I want to thank you. I know I haven’t known you for long, but you helped me past Yinsen’s death, and, and saved my life. You helped me.”
“Bucky.”
Tony uses the hanky, only cleaning off the tears and drying his eyes. He can feel the tatting on the sides of the hanky, the delicate stitching on the fabric. “Your mother made this.”
Blu hangs his head. His eyes awash with pain. He moves away, staggering. That’s when Tony sees it. The puncture wounds on Blu’s chest. They almost form a star like pattern. The viper bit him several times. The venom must be fast acting and in large enough doses that its strong enough to take down an adult male lion.
“Yes, and yes,” Steve says and the thought occurs to him that Tony’s heart might not be able to take such activities and he almost stops until Tony squeezes him and warns.
“Tony, you’re embarrassing the good Sheriff,” Pepper says and picks up her cup of tea. “I am sorry, Sheriff.”
“Bruce,” Steve said. “Are you okay now?”
“Why?”
It saddened him that Steve hadn’t gone through with it, that something stopped him from kissing Tony, and the sorrow scarred the moment. Again, though, Steve hadn’t pulled completely away. He held onto Tony. They stayed touching until Strange showed up. The vibrations of the synchronized bond must have leaked through to the others in the pack and alerted Strange to release them from the cabin. It had worked. The cabin taught them something, and when they stood in the conference room and Steve glanced at Tony with a tender look, Tony couldn’t deny the hope that blossomed in his chest. All through the rest of the day, Tony felt like a teenager when he met Steve’s glance or happened to interact with him during the training exercises. He chastised himself, but his damned brain wouldn’t leave it alone, like a loose thread on a jacket. He teased it and tugged it.  He left as quickly as the session was over, saying
“Tony.”
“Where’s Happy?” Tony peered around the door to sight his friend.
“Bruss? Brus- Bruce?” Steve says. “Damn it. I’ll get him, I’ll get him.”
As Steve poured the egg mixture into the sizzling frying pan, he glanced at Thor. “So, you feel differently about that. How about other things? Like being here and not at home?” Maybe it was a bit selfish to be asking Thor such a leading question, but Steve needed to know how he dealt with being so out of place much of the time.
It takes a few more minutes as Pepper leans in close and speaks to Steve. Tony gets a slight irrational worry that she’s prepping him, getting him ready for the meeting. He doesn’t want that; he wants to discuss everything himself. He starts to get up out of the chair again, but then Pepper turns toward the door and Steve follows. She swings it open, a smile wide on her face. She looks charming and lovely as always.
He’s dressed in black tie and a tux. “I’ve come on an errand and I cannot believe I’ve been convinced to do a chore such as this one.” He sweeps into the apartment without invitation. His lips curl and he says, “You live here?”
“Yeah,” Steve says. “Why do you-.”
With the shield particles back in the clip, Steve turns and races up the side of the mountain toward the ridge. He shoots the shield again, but this time misses. The Hulk growls and is within a breath of catching him. He stretches back to catch the stream of nanobots, but Hulk takes advantage of it, and grabs his arm. The nanobots collide with the raging monster and fall into a million pieces across the snowy landscape. Steve swing his right hand and punches Hulk in the eye, closes to the shield’s slice. He wishes to God that he could coax Bruce out, but this isn’t reality, and this isn’t really Hulk – this is a manifestation of Ultron’s demented brain.
They took it at face value. Ross clapped him on the arm. “We’ll regroup at 1500. Talk to the troops. Give them the lay of the land.”
“Where else would you keep it?”
Tony smiles but it hurts when Steve gazes down at him.
“You wanted, what?” Steve had said, incredulous and pained. The hot ache of truth scolded him. “You wanted me to fuck you so you’d remember? I told you I wouldn’t do that, not until you were better.” He’d felt destroyed, utterly selfish and broken at the same time. The diametrically opposing emotions got the better of him as he fumbled with his clothes, gathering them up, getting off the bed.  The thought of what he’d just done, what they’d just done shook him to the core; his hands trembled as he struggled to put on his clothes. “This isn’t some damned vid, Tony, this is us, now, today. There’s no such thing as a healing cock.”
“No, Cap, I don’t think so,” Fury says and goes to the desk. He calls up his own images removing Steve’s and grimaces as he does. “You’re not going to like this but you have to do it. So, just, get over it quick.”
Bolts hit the ship and it shudders under Clint’s control. The ship veers but a barrage of bolts strike their mark. In response the ship careens as Clint yells out his warnings. There’s little they can do, the ship isn’t a fighter and has barely any defenses other than the fighter pods –but they can’t buckle into them and drop to the planet at the same time.
“Yeah don’t get your panties in a twist, the first time I went through this a figment of my imagination cut the dead and infected tissue away before he put it in my chest.”
“Okay, do that.” Tony waited as Steve sent him the data. The computer then read out the code. Tony listened and smiled. “You’re getting better at this.”
Hopping to his feet, Tony closes the distance between them and cups Steve’s chin in his large hand. His thumb catches Steve’s lower lip. “Exquisite. Everything should be more pleasurable for you.” The prince holds Steve’s gaze like a moth dancing with a dangerous flame, but then abruptly breaks it and steps away. “I have some meetings this morning. You’re free to do as you please. But be back on the ship ready for a private dinner with me. Pepper will assist you in anything that you need.”
“Each Passage will have a clue. I wrote the entrance so that I can see the passage into the outer rim. Each successive rim or layer will have a clue that we’ll have to find. Something will be wrong. No, that’s not it. Something with be transitional. I suspect that Ultron will use each layer to try and learn from us as well as stop us.”
“Well, we can’t hang out here.” With a quick look at the windscreen again, he says, “We need to find the Passage. Any ideas from the novel?”
Tony reaches out to him, his hand cupping Steve’s jaw. “Would swear you were an angel.”
“You’re starting to sound like a conspiracy theorist yourself.”
Why didn’t he read that?  Their roles must dictate how they perceived the pack and the soul bonds. “Yeah?”
“But you’re remembering little by little, right?” Steve had said, assured that his supposition was correct. It hadn’t been. When Tony looked up at him, his eyes wet and lost, Steve knew the truth. “You don’t remember.”
“That’s not what Bruce said.”
Steve shakes his head. “I’m not sure what you’re getting at Tony. I do know that Natasha lets us say yes or no to anyone that wants to commission us. So, I could say no.” Stane’s a big named client. He also mentioned he tips generously – something that Steve desperately needs if he ever want to afford the augmentation. Natasha would be able to charge him through the roof, too. Like she’s charging Tony right now. He’s not sure what kind of pressure Natasha might apply to get him to accept a night or even a contract with Stane.
“You think it would be that bad?” Steve asks as he finishes his croissant.
“Good, good let yourself out,” Steve mutters as Tony opens the door.
Opening his eyes, he pants as he fists his hands into the sheets of the bed. As a fledgling he doesn’t know as much as the others, he was new to the whole Legion, to Shield. Earning his wings would have allowed him to be privy to more of the information, the doings and goings on of the Legion. But he’d been put in purgatory for his sins and he’s only just won his wings, only to be abandoned to the mortal world.
Blu waits until Tony’s had his fill and then carries him the rest of the way to the camp. He angles downward, giving Tony ample room to get off. He does and then groans with the pain. He must have pulled something on top of the injury. Blu licks him once and then waits.
Steve rolls his eyes. “For Pete’s sake, Bucky, can you be serious? This is a problem and I need help.”
Steve jerks to attention like his drill sergeant screamed orders at him. He glances at Tony and then the indicated chairs as if he’s assessing the dangers. “Chair?”
“Logan seems to know about the seizures. Says Steve’s been suffering from them for a while. Not sure how long. But said that they pinned it down to something,” Bruce says. “He didn’t tell me much. No details. He’ll be here by mid-day.”
Someone must have been in a hurry to convert the stone fortress to something more modern but what they ended up with seems like a chimera of the two that don't fit together.  He recalls the map of the place. Nothing fits together well and he discovers parts of the fortress crumbled and decayed. More than once he comes up to a dead end but not because he made the wrong turn. It's due to the disrepair of the place. As he rounds a corner though he hears the alarms screech and the lights flash warnings of intruders. He doesn't know if they realize he's on the grounds but he hurries his step along anyway.
“Steve? What is it? Why the visuals? I’m a mess and I have to get ready for the Synthezoid representative.” She yawns. “Yesterday was crazy. What’s going on?” Her accent tilts her tone.
“There’s planning for the future and then there’s dealing with the risk. What’s the risk, Tony? You said you had a traumatic brain injury that caused your blindness. What happens if you have a stroke? What happens if the stroke leads to more brain injury?” Steve shakes his head. “I’m sorry, I know I don’t know you well or anything, but what I’ve seen so far-.” He drops off and then sits down, staring out.
His shoulder weapons open, target, and then engage. It takes all of three seconds to take out the men and have the children cheer him. But he still hates it, and then he’s back to the mystery in the caves. He steadies his flight and lands at the mouth of the cave.
“Don’t tell me you broke up. You need some solid foundation in your life. Even the short time I met him I could tell how much you cared about him. It doesn’t hurt that it’s obvious he’s crazy about you.” She sighs into the phone. “Don’t do this to yourself, Tony. Find happiness, stop trying to hurt yourself all the time.”
“I said I may be able to give you back natural vision.” Strange goes back to his computer and does a few keystrokes. “Please put your glasses back on.”
“Well there’s every day punishment. You gotta understand 18704 ain’t no angel. After all this time it still fights, every once in a while.”  He sighed. “I’m a softie. I don’t like to hurt it.”
He entered the room, flopping down on the bed and then throwing his arms out as he stared blankly at the ceiling. The worse part was that he liked Steve. He rejected the idea that he should lay the blame of his parents’ deaths at Steve’s feet. It wasn’t Steve’s fault. Hell, it wasn’t Bucky’s fault. But Tony knew – comprehended that someday, he would share a space with Bucky. Bucky, as part of the pack, would dream or recall the moments of Tony’s mother’s death and Tony would experience it as if he stood right next to him and watched. Forever, the soul bond linked Tony to Barnes. Forever the soul bond hung the images of murder like laundry on a line, waiting for him to collect them. A horror show just outside his reach, but always there taunting him.
Friday doesn’t respond immediately, almost as if the AI hesitates but then states, “Done, boss.”
Rumlow smacked his hand to Tony’s forehead and pushed him up against the wooden cross. One of the agents standing behind the cross, wrapped an arm around the vertical beam and Tony’s throat, keeping him in place. Each of Tony’s arms, limp and lifeless from the poison and the sun effects, was positioned on the crossbar. He growled at them. “Fucking stop. No. Stop!” It did nothing to slow them down. It only seemed to encourage them.
Luke smiles, knowingly, and then ambles off as if his job here is done. Steve frowns but turns back to Tony.
“Vision couldn’t do it. His matrix is too much like Ultron’s. It could have corrupted him irreparably.”
“Nope. No. Not at all,” Steve says. He’s not even sure how he’s going to look Vision in the eye after what he saw. “I’m just going to get my clothes and be right there. See you in a minute.”
“I’m sure she’ll appreciate the gesture.”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked lifelessly.
It was after midnight when he finally made his way upstairs.  The floor was dark with only the city lights to illuminate the room.  He did not stop to admire the view.  His head hurt.  His hand hurt.  Looking out at the city would not help either of those things.  It would, in fact, make them worse.  Since the snap, there were fewer lights.  Even the brightest city in the world had dimmed.  Everything had.
“It really wasn’t anything,” Steve answered.  “I heard some guys picking on another guy and I stepped in.”  He shrugged.  “No big deal.”
“Yes, Steve,” Tony agreed. “That’s what I had in mind.”
The bed was empty when Steve woke.  He ran sleepy fingers where Nat’s body had been.  The sheets were cool to the touch, but when he pressed his face into her pillow, the ghost of her perfume remained.  She was gone, but she had left her magic behind: the bed still seemed normal-sized.  With any luck, it would stay that way for a while.
“What is he doing there?” Tony whispered.  His fingers rose involuntarily, reaching out and hovering a fraction of an inch from that face, that cheek, that mouth.  How many times
“I thought you loved the apple?”
“He’s good.  He actually said to tell you hello.  Said ‘Hang in there’.”
about her. About how it would affect her. What it would do to her. I just left her.”
“Did you?” Tony pressed.
Steve looked at him steadily. There was still water on his pale cheeks. His eyelashes looked ridiculously long. His hair looked darker, slicked back from his forehead, sending rivulets of water down the long line of his chest. Tony could follow the course of one of them if he wanted to. Follow it from Steve’s hairline, down the smooth cords of his neck, past his shoulder to his chest, down to the revelation that was his abs, then down to where the water met his skin around his waist. Tony’s imagination could easily supply the rest of his body. Christ knows, he’d done it before. Many times. Far too many times. An embarrassing number of times. The fact that it was
Steve leaned forward. His eyes were lidded as he pressed a soft kiss against Tony’s mouth, lingering longer than he usually did. Not that kisses, or hugs, or anything physical was exactly
But they needed him.
"I don't mind bunking with James if room is tight," said Sam, throwing a devilish grin toward Rhodey.  Rhodey was able to smile back at him.
Steve had disappeared out through the flap of the heavy canvas wall and left Tony with a heavy stone of disappointment in his gut.  His mate was upset with him and it made Tony feel like an incredible piece of shit. He had felt like he was doing pretty well, all things considered.  He had been helping all day, hadn't he, and it was hard, with everyone ignoring him and paying attention to Steve, and with spending all night in a canvas tent on a narrow cot like he was back in Afghanistan and then opening that fucking annex and finding them locked up in there, especially room 5, because Tony knew exactly what it was like to be dragged to a small, windowless room and kicked around and then shoved down onto your knees and have some stranger dig his nails into you and--
Steve pressed dial and then held the phone to his ear. His voice trembled in anger.
Tony frowned a little.  "
"It's beautiful," Steve breathed, evidently meaning it. The artistic side of him desperately wanted to paint it or immortalise it in some way.
A deep, dark part of him knew it was because he thought he could turn Bucky the moment he saw him. But Steve didn't like to think about that.
The 'Alpha' sputtered indignantly.
"Get off me, Tommy, I'm an old man--"
"What is happening?! Security, stop them!"
Tony gave him a second to finish his orgasm, then began lapping away the juice and semen that was all over his thighs and stomach.
is emotional?"
His mouth still tasted bitter.  He tried to ignore that, focus on the post-coital afterglow, on the physical sensations, on relearning Steve's new smell as desirable.  He'd briefly entertained the idea that maybe, somehow, Bucky being in cryo would be like Bucky being dead and Steve's body would go back to being
"Youth," the woman muttered under her breath, rolling her eyes before she went back to swimming much more casual lengths.
"It's the feeling of rejection," Steve informed him. "You made me feel it every day. You made me feel broken. And useless. And unwanted. And unloved. And even though the rest of the time you were a sweetheart to me... that didn't make it okay. That's not how it works."  Tears welled up in his eyes but didn't spill. Steve swallowed.  "You wouldn't even touch me. You would never touch me. I'd never felt so broken. Well now you can feel it too," Steve breathed, voice trembling a little. "You shouldn't've bitten me.  But it doesn't matter now.  I'm not really yours, not anymore. Not that you ever really took me as your own in the first place.  You only bonded me 'cause you were tryin' to protect me.  But I don't think you really cared about me as a mate."
.  If anything was unfair, it was this.
for it. Steve whimpered as they found themselves locked into a kiss, eyes slipping shut as noses and teeth nudged together in a messy and hard kiss that longed for something more. Steve panted as Tony pulled away, his body trembling with a need to please. A need to be full of his alpha. It was the only thing that would ground him, would make him feel whole.
Steve didn't like following orders (outside of Tony, he realised) but Rhodey...he wouldn't dare say no to him right now.  "Yes, sir," Steve clipped in short reply, almost feeling like a boy responding to his father before he promptly walked past them and headed downstairs.
Tony bit his lip when Steve gave an impatient squirm.  He walked up behind him and put his hands on Steve's hips, putting out a foot to get him to spread his legs.  Steve obeyed the hint, automatically.
Tony grabbed the remote and muted the television.  "...they don't know what the hell feral is," he growled softly.  Like most, Tony had seen more than a few viral videos on YouTube of Alphas losing their minds.  Normally it was because there was an omega in heat nearby.  Two perfectly reasonable people would suddenly be snarling, biting, clawing, hysterical animals, trying to kill the other one.  It happened more in low income, disenfranchised areas, where there were more omegas, fewer omegas on suppressants, and, in general, bad education and worse impulse control.  In his own life, Tony had never seen an actual, real-life fight, because in business and politics and high culture, that simply didn't happen.
The buildings orbit-- no.  No way.  No way!"
Peggy looked startled.  "Why, of course they were.  They were terribly in love. Your father doted on Edwin."
A wing.
"Let's say good-bye to everyone and thank them," said Aria, putting a firm hand on Steve's back.  "Are you drinking enough water?"
He grabbed himself another drink.  With Pepper and Steve occupied, now was the time to get himself good and trashed.
Steve was almost blushing. He looked sheepish, his expression cute. "Anything else you wanted to know?"
The moment he was out, he was lost again.  Now what?  He'd obeyed the order of getting out.  But now, he had nowhere to go, and no one was telling him what to do.
"What?" yelled Pepper, turning around, still on the phone.
There was a long pause on the other end.  "...what do I do, Steve? I can't go home if there's men waiting for me.  And George is in San Diego at one of those schools," said Donner. "Do I just... just keep waiting here at the bus stop forever?"  He sounded genuinely frightened.
He wanted to give Steve control, let him set the pace, but it was agonizing not to buck his hips up into the omega, especially when they were kissing; Steve's soft, wet lips were on his, he was deliciously warm and wet inside, and something about the way Steve's hips and ass moved on top of him drove him crazy.  He was aware that he was gripping Steve's flesh, hard, his fingers digging into him, but Steve only seemed encouraged by it and Tony was thrilled that Steve was so solid.  Tony had previously fucked a lot of delicate, wispy women and he loved being able to manhandle Steve without worrying about hurting him; he loved feeling Steve respond to his touches, loved being a little rough with him, loved knowing that his omega was not only good-looking but functionally strong and sturdy as an ox.  It was weird, because he'd never had chosen those traits consciously, but now that he recognized them in Steve, he couldn't imagine ever going back to the way things had been.  How many times had blonde ridden him in this very bath?  Dozens, easily.  But this was on a completely different order of magnitude; it was like they were doing something for the first time and Tony was quivering under Steve with the effort it took not to set the pace himself, fuck the omega stupid.
Tony had already poured himself a drink.  He watched Steve babble about a girl, tests, chairs, slowly sipping his bourbon.
"Systems admin control gained," reported JARVIS.
"What?  No. No, Donner's here, he's fine.  It's Boswell. He had a stroke," said George.
, Steve thought back before finally steeling himself and looking up into the mirror.
Tony hung up on her and darted out of the hotel room.  Fuck, how the hell had he managed to get distracted? Steve could cover a ton of ground if he wanted to; he had no idea where Steve was.  He tore down to the lobby, but Steve was gone. He managed to yell at the concierge ("
Tony only finished about two-thirds of the coffee before he shrugged off his robe and stepped into the shower with Steve, wrapping his arms around the omega's slippery body.  Standing in the shower it was painfully obvious how much taller Steve was than Tony.  Tony reached up to brush his hair from his forehead.
"I won't be able to go running by the beach anymore, will I?" Steve said, realizing it aloud. He'd spent so much time stuck inside the house and now it was happening all over again.
"Most of Project 84 is a fact-finding mission," said Brent, walking up beside them.  "Digging up old tax records, finding people who are willing to testify, trying to get our hands on security footage.  Trinity has been using a lot of these camps as tax breaks, and some of them are listed as pediatric centers. We're going to hit them with the old one-two; tax evasion and money laundering, as well as unlawful imprisonment and non-compliant medical practices."
"Maybe you two should go back upstair--" began Pepper, but at that moment, Sitwell walked in, tapping away at a tablet.
"--I'm sorry.  Am I mathing too hard?  I was just about to get to the coolest part, though.  For an aspect ratio less than the square root of three, embedding a rectangular
The anxiety and stress was rolling off Tony in waves, to the point where it was suffocating. Steve wad finding it hard to concentrate himself. He was overwhelmed with a sadness that wasn't entirely his own.
"...I'll put you down as a tentative yes for the Motor Show," said Pepper with a sigh, who knew that, even though she was advising against it, Tony was going to want to go.  "And please, for the love of all that's holy,
"...did
or else I'll do it for you!"
The door of the blue Ford Focus was locked; Bucky reached down to the bottom edge and, with his left hand, pried it open, leaving a dent there that was surprisingly subtle.  He checked under the sun visor and in the glove box automatically for keys (some people were stupid), but finding none, cracked open the bottom of the dashboard and got to work.  The car roared to life and Bucky felt temporarily pleased with himself for so effectively getting them transportation. Objective complete.
"I am unable to access the mainframe, sir.  Rebooting all systems."
we can unbrainwash him... we can't just leave him there."
friend.  And he's not a happy person. I know people think Captain America is this... fun,  amazing confident  guy, yeah? But he's also lonely and out of his depth and in the
"You just lost Captain America!" cried Eric.
"We'll think about it. Thank you, you've been very accommodating," Steve said with a signature 'cap' smile. Honestly, all the collars looked the same to him; over the top and unnecessary. They were heavy and no amount of suede or fur would make them comfortable. Lydia didn't look happy at them leaving but Kitty just looked excited to having gotten to see him.
"He should've just let me die," said Tony dramatically.  (Tony believed in having a melodramatic breakdown at least a couple times a year.)
Tony begrudgingly dragged it over and began slogging through it.  He blatantly lied on nearly half of the questions.  ("Do you experience recurring nightmares?"  "Do you suffer from anxiety, panic attacks, or similar anxiety-based disorders or symptoms?")  He knew SHIELD knew his past history so he tried to keep it believable while still making himself out to be a bastion of mental health.
"You know.  When the Alpha dies and the omega just kinda..."  Tony rolled his hand around, uncertain how to communicate the way Jarvis had aged suddenly, stopped eating, stopped sleeping, stopping
Clint slid an arm around her waist.  "He just got here. ...Steve, this is Laura, my wife.  And the mother of my children." It didn't escape Steve that, if Laura was their mother, then that must mean Clint was their father.  That he was acting as the head of the household, that he was acting as a man, that he wasn't being cast into the usual role of a house omega.
Here: a photo of his mother and Nancy Reagan in their tennis outfits, grinning at the camera.
"I love Steve," he informed Pepper giddily.
Sam seemed to see him at the same time as Tony.  He had already pulled a gun and was pointing it at him.  He didn't look at all worried that he was being held at gunpoint; he was eyeing Steve and the man in the labcoat.
"We don't know it's HYDRA.  It could be anyone," said Tony quickly.  "Could be some stupid prank.  Could be nothing.  Don't worry, Steve, this place is a fortress.  I've got three suits downstairs and a ton of security measures in place, and JARVIS, and-- hey, don't worry, we're great, we're golden.  No one can touch me; I'm the invincible Iron Man.  And I'm your Alpha.  It's
?  No!  No, put your hands down."
stuff. They hadn't done enough of that lately. The rage Steve had felt the night before had quelled somewhat, especially after a quick phone call from George which assured him that everything was going okay back at his. And he liked preparing for speeches; it made him excited. Learning the lines for SNL was harder though, for some reason. Steve found it hard to be funny on cue, although he had a whole day with the cast and he would have time to practice and get things wrong/right. He was still nervous. After all, it was
"No, no-- get off." Steve stumbled back. He couldn't see anything clearly. Just blurry, vague shapes that didn't mean anything. "I need-- I need to call Tony."
Steve, Eric, and Piper were off to the side; Piper was glowing.  Eric was looking through one of the programs and sipping a cocktail.  Steve looked murderous, and Tony didn't blame him.
They hailed a cab to take them back to the Langham.  Even though it was late, there were lots of couples strolling through Hyde Park.  Tony looked out at them and it occurred to him that he and Steve were now one of those couples.  It was odd, to Tony, to think of himself as a bonded man. He had always enjoyed being a bachelor, bouncing from floozy to floozy.  He hadn't touched a woman in a year.
Steve let out an empty laugh. "If you think assaulting people and making them carry babies they don't want makes them
"Tony.  Tony! Can you feel him?"
He stared down at their intertwined fingers. Tony's hand was a little pink from where Steve had been squeezing it. The touch was subtle and simple but it made an electric tingle run up his arm. He almost felt light-headed.
"...I said petal.”
"Not voting at all is still better than voting Republican," Steve mumbled under his breath and Banksy grinned.
"Hmm," she said, fixing him with an intense glare.
"You do you too, Kitty," he told her with a small nod of his head and then they were stepping into the elevator and Steve was relieved to be getting out of there. The elevator doors slid shut and it was like Steve could breathe again. He slumped against a wall, feeling small and his chest still feeling tight.
"No, I go to the lodge every year," insisted Tony.  "I need snow on Christmas... it's tradition... what's in the box?"
my fault, Steve.  I gave him the tickets.  I got him to that Expo.  I led him there like a lamb to the slaughter."
"Careful.  Could be electrified," warned Sam.
"I talked to a friend of his."
Happy yanked the wheel and pulled into a small strip mall on the coast, cutting off another car that honked angrily at them.
"Fuh," he repeated, dazed.
Steve quickly finished his breakfast and they moved over to the couch so Gleason could inspect his neck. He didn't comment on the fact that both marks had stayed. "It's healed wonderfully. Really, I don't know how you do it... well, I know
"Least we know why Tony was so obsessed with chasing skirt this morning," Aria sighed, her shoulders easing a little. Her rant to Pepper was long forgotten and hopefully wouldn't come up again. Steve had warned her he was due around Christmas but she hadn't expected it today. She was used to pairs who were more on top of this, but then, Steve's hadn't yet become regular. Seven months was longer than the usual omega would go between heats.
"He's gonna be
"...I didn't know about all that shit happening to Ty.  ...he tried to call me a few times. I didn't pick up, though.  I just... couldn't deal with it. ...when you come back, are you gonna keep doing all your omega rights stuff?
He sat on the floor of the shower and crossed his arms, pouting.  Tony had a remarkable ability to use passive resistance to get what he wanted.  Steve had witnessed him do things like this with Pepper all the time.
Tony was smiling and felt a surge of excitement at Steve's nips, but Steve's words were still ringing in his ears.
Emily handed Tony the stuffed tiger and got up to go find Steve.
"Will there be press inside the Expo, or just outside?"
Tony glanced up at Steve.  Steve was hovering close, but not too close.  Tony hesitated, then patted the seat beside him.  "Sit.  I won't bite."
Tony had gotten out of the suit and was staring down at his hands.  With his sweatpants, undershirt, full beard, and paper cup of coffee, he looked like he was some homeless guy Fury had just dragged in off the streets.
take up some modelling; paying for all those lawyers was going to clean him right out. As well as giving social services all that money so they could build hostels in preparation, and funding all their interventions, and all the medical care that would be required afterwards--
"...you'll come back?"
That picture on the back of your letter was so cool! I showed it to my dad and he thought it was super funny and he helped me pin it to my wall. Is your brother like this all the time? My brother helps me prank dad when he’s here, but he’s at college right now.
That concerns Steve. The Red Skull gang knows that Bucky and Steve are close, if Schmidt spends anytime or thought on how to get Steve out of the picture, it would be to threaten Steve’s family – and his friends in Avenge are his family.
“I waited too long. I’m not waiting anymore. Tony.”
“Yes?”
“I always liked you,” he replies.
Steve had no idea that Tony sprung for so many toiletry articles. He thought the prince only bought lingerie and some other bedroom apparel and toys. Steve reaches out and picks up one of the bottles. He sniffs it and the fragrance goes to his head almost immediately. It surprises him because it’s not too much.
His first inkling that something was amiss arrived in the form of a simple reboot. A need for diagnostics Tony understood; he had built it into every computer system, artificial intelligence, and suit of armor. Diagnostics led to identification of a problem or problems and then finally to a solution. A reboot? That called forth the idea that a problem existed that his diagnostics could not isolate, could not detect. There was an error in the system that was an unknown.
“What?”
“You want me to do it?” Sam pipes in, but another voice answers him as Natasha makes her appearance.
“Thanks, Colonel.”
“Did he eat?” Pepper asks.
“Well, I’m the Healer and Wong has given me a few pointers on healing what he called Fractures. I’m going to assume this is one of them,” Bruce said and then peered over his shoulder at Tony. “I’m going to need you to monitor things. If they get to wild, I need you to pull us back.”
“It’s okay, here, let me help you,” Tony says and tilts the glass so that Steve can sip slowly.  “Good?”
“Yes, ma’am.” Steve screws up his face. He doesn’t like to be talked down to.
Steve shrugs. “I need a job. My friend Natasha Romanoff used to work here. She said you needed what she called a Personal Assistant.”
“So you would think that God would do that, purposefully and with malice. For what purpose? Why you?”
Once they inject the Pym particles into Tony’s eye they have to keep him sedated for a week so that the particles can grow through his optical nerve at the back of his eye to rebuild the broken bridge to his brain. It may cause some spikes of pressure in his eye and they have to monitor it. It could also cause a brain hemorrhage and stroke. Steve terrified of that possible side effect. The best thing they can do is keep him in an induced coma to keep his brain stable and functioning.
“I usually go to closed meetings,
“Would you stay home with me?”
Especially when the guy said something that made Steve laugh.
Steve pulled out of his hands, opened the car door. “I love you, Tony,” he said, then slipped out of the car and went inside without looking back.
“As far as Tony knows, everything is fine,” Howard said. He leaned back in Mr. Barker’s chair. Whenever Mr. Barker did that, it looked like it would fall over, but not now. Not with Howard Stark sitting in it. Steve got the idea that that chair would never
“I shouldn’t be.”
it either, but he could do it. He was good at it.
“Clint!” she snapped, realizing his intent and the reason for it in the very next heartbeat.  She leapt to his side and grasped the arrow before he could let it fly.  She stared at him hard.  “Don’t,” she said.
“Let me help,” Dugan said, but Steve shook his head and hitched Bucky up a little higher on his shoulder. He let out a guttural moan, and then was quiet again.
“Thank you, sweetie.”
--got out of the car. He moved with a casual grace, slipping out of the car and straightening his jacket. He ran a hand through his hair and looked around. Steve couldn’t make out the look on his face. He was too high up to really do that. He wasn’t sure he wanted to anyway. And was certain that it didn’t matter. This was probably just a visitor. There were plenty of apartments in the building, and just because this kid
“Yes.” Sam.
been Tony’s job.
I’m always right.”
“Just for today?”
you mad? Last night? ‘Cause I know Morgan comes first, Tony. I know that. She has to. She’s your daughter. And I’m good with that, okay? I just want you to know that I’m good with that. I always will be.”
“Why?  Is it purely for shock-value?  I know you indulged in that a lot while Howard and Maria were alive, but I had hoped you would have outgrown it by now.”
be nice to see Sam over here, though,” she said, then gave him a soft look. “He and Wanda. It’s been a while.”
It wasn’t often that a Stark, especially Tony Stark, was rendered speechless--Pepper used to threaten him with a roll of duct tape she swore she carried in her purse--but he was speechless now, the only thought in his head, a less-than-articulate
Steve lay back and rubbed his arm across his eyes.  “I am, though.  Right now, I couldn’t be better.”
school, anyway. History. The world’s history. Stuff that I’d missed.” He nudged Tony’s knee with his bare toe. “Not the fun stuff, though. Not the movies or the music or the food, just the ‘important’ stuff.”
He didn’t say anything else. He just jogged toward the bus and climbed up inside. He tried not to think as the bus pulled away from the curb. Tried not to think about where he was going. That he was going there alone. That he wouldn’t have Sam, or his mother, or…
It had rained all morning.
Tony laughed, and it was finally his real, natural laughter. “I
“What did you do to your hands?”
“What about you?” Ross asked Strange.
“His plane had to make an emergency stop in Tulsa,” Pepper said when she called to give him the news. “He can’t be here until six.”
Seconds ticked by while they sat together in the sun.  Natasha could feel him thinking and let him do it.  She had something she needed to say to him, but he’d lead her there.  She knew he would.  Their minds were similar even though their tactics usually were not.
Steve's fingers rolled into involuntary fists.  He knew
, landed in his lap.
up and take me home with them eventually.”
don’t,” he said, then pressed a finger into Steve’s chest. “And
gonna get old," he muttered.
Nick jotted a few notes, asked a couple follow-up questions, then told him he could go. Steve nodded and stood up.
Steve snorted laughter.  “In the barn?  Wanda couldn’t sleep because she kept hearing mice everywhere.”
Tony shrugged gently, trying not to disrupt Steve too much.
Bucky grasped his wrist before he got away. “You okay?”
your pension either, baby, we’ve got plenty of money, that’s not the point.”
It's complicated...
“Stop telling me what I’d be thinking!” Tony shouted and jumped to his feet. “God, is that the kind of person you think I am? That I’d be so wrapped up in all that shit that I wouldn’t be happy being with you?
.  They became just one more couple going to the movies or sitting in the diner or bickering over which peanut butter to buy in the grocery store.  Just part of the small town scenery.
is what October means.
And he wanted to get this right. They’d been seeing each other for six weeks. Been
Steve tried not to smile, tried not to be
And just how many times had Steve said his name while he was mired in this very consuming thought process?
They fell silent, those words hanging in the air between them. After a while, Tony propped himself up on his elbow and tapped a finger on the middle of Steve’s forehead. “What’s going on in there?” he asked.
How long had it been? Since he’d painted anything? God. Years.
Steve’s blush got immediately and immensely deeper. “He’s exaggerating.”
Steve didn’t disappoint him. That pretty blush heated his cheeks, he closed his eyes, bit his lip, and tipped his head back against the couch again. With that sweater, those jeans, his legs spread comfortably, he looked like every wet dream Tony had ever had. And when he opened his eyes, the glimmer of humor--mischief--in them just made it worse. Or better. Or whatever. It just made it more. More...everything. And Tony felt weak. So, so weak. Weak enough to know for sure what was going to happen, what he was going to let happen. Or
“All day,” he agreed. “All day, every day.”
“Babe.”
Steve sighed and picked up the phone.
“Don’t do that,” she said in a tone that was both gentle and firm. He loved that tone. Loved the way she sounded. Especially now. After all the hard times they’d gone through together, how he thought he was going to lose her, he loved it even more. Loved being able to just be near her and listen to her speak. “Don’t beat yourself up over that anymore. Pietro is a good man, but he isn’t
He looked down at what he’d drawn in the dust. An arrow with a “T” above it and an “S” below it. He looked at it for a while, and then he drew a heart around the whole thing, turning it into a physical declaration of...what? He was too young to be in love. He knew that. But he thought if he could ever love anybody, it would probably be Tony.
“The Red Sox.  Six-two.”
Steve rode the bus home a few hours later. Mr. Barker had left him alone the rest of the day, leaving him to do his tasks without any interference. That was fine with Steve. He had a lot to think about. A lot to go over in his mind. Those words stayed foremost in his brain.
“Jesus Christ, that’s not what I meant.”
.  You just talk, okay?  It’s unfuckupable.”
“Yeah,” Tony mumbled, grudgingly.  “The guy’s got the luck of the fucking devil, Strange.”
“No dogs on the bed.” He patted Dodger’s head. “Sorry, Dodger.”
“I’ll let you know.”
“You weren’t there.”
Morgan tugged on his hand. “Come
“Like what?” he asked defensively.
“You sure?”
“He is not a--”
On the floor, leaning back against the foot of the bed, he thought of all the times he and Nat had lain there watching tv, not talking much, just watching.  Sometimes Clint would come in and wedge himself into the space between them and rest his head on Natasha’s shoulder.  Or Steve’s.  He wasn’t picky about who played the part of pillow when naptime rolled around.  Or Wanda would stretch out along the bottom and change the channel with a flick  of her finger.
Steve looked down at the pieces and uncurled his fingers.  They rolled out of his fist and onto the table.  The fight drained out of him, Tony could see it happening, and his guilt intensified.
Tony was sitting in his office at Stark Industries.  He didn’t do full-time there anymore, but once or twice a week, he came in, let Pepper brief him, took her to lunch, went over whatever paperwork he had, then went home and had Steve fuck him into oblivion.  He needed it after his SI days.  Sometimes he wondered what he’d done before he’d had Steve to help him relax, and then he remembered exactly what he did.  This was so much better.
Clint smiled at him sleepily. “Go get ‘im, tiger.”
“It’s for you,” Tony said, and his voice and the ring were suddenly the only things in Steve’s world. “‘Cause I love you. ‘Cause I want you to marry me.”
“I take him as proof of the human spirit,” Tony said finally.  “How’s that?”
saving it.  Isn’t that enough for you?”
“Hey, baby,” Tony said, smiling at him as he came into the room.
--but went slowly in deference to his still-queasy stomach.  “I don’t know.  It’s been awhile.  I don’t think I’m quite ready to suit up again.”
“Sure.”
Howard sipped his coffee. “Extremely.”
“Tony?” Steve said softly. His finger was still dancing across the small surface of that brass button.
“Yeah,” he said. “Not for a while. Not since I stopped drinking. But, yeah. It’s happened before.” Tony nodded, and Steve smiled a sad little smile. “This is why I’m telling you this stuff,” he said. “You need to know. You need to know so you can decide for yourself.”
“The Maximoff girl used her ‘powers’ to get inside their heads against their will.  That’s assault.”
“So am I,” Steve said, his voice husky with want.
worried.”
He let go of Tony’s hand and sat back. “It’s okay,” he said quickly, shaking his head. “It’s okay. We don’t have to.” He took in a deep breath. “I just...um...no. No. It’s okay.” He drug his backpack up onto the table and unzipped it, digging around inside it in a way that was obviously just something to occupy his hands and his mind so they didn’t have to deal with this.
but would never enforce if Steve would rather not.
“He’s out of town.  Apparently, you can just leave your patients to sink or swim if you want to go on a holiday.”
Steve did.
“Where to?"
“Nat said you went to some meetings.”
“Knocked the wind out of her?"
was definitely weird.  Steve didn’t skip classes.  It was so far out of character, Tony could not even wrap his head around it.
“‘Scuse me,” Tony said, and shouldered his way out of the crowd, putting the phone up to his ear. “Sam?” he said. “What’s going on? What’s wrong?”
Steve ripped Tony’s shirt open, sending a button flying, biting at his neck and linking his ankles around Tony’s knees. “You,” he said. “I want
They sat that way for awhile, Clint giving him his support, Steve taking it in.  This was different from Nat's comfort, different from anything he'd ever experienced.  He and Clint were friends--good friends--but they'd never been
Tony’s eyes shot to the door.  The lake community didn’t have a police officer, but the County Sheriff’s Department took turns tooling through every few hours, busting up teenage drinking parties and catching out-of-town speeders.  This was probably the same one Tony had passed on his way home.  Back when all he had to worry about was getting home before the food got too cold.
“Goodnight, Tony.”
“Nah,” Sam agreed. “Not to this one.”
“Awesome.  Thanks, angel.”
so much.  He didn’t need to see it on the screen.  He’d lived it.
He looked like he knew a lot of other stuff too. Stuff Steve had no clue about.
“Alright,” Tony said, and nudged him with his shoulder. “Good. I’ll meet you at your locker after last class, okay?”
“Yeah. I do.
“What?” Steve asked.
“Good,” Howard said, and put his hand briefly on the back of Tony’s neck. “We’ve missed you back home, son. Everybody’s missed you.”
themselves.
“You’ve got FRIDAY.”
A wedding.
“You’re saved. Come on out.”
“I know.”
“I know,” Tony said, and passed a guilty hand over his face. “I
, and as January began to get old, they slipped into their routine with a scary ease.
“Let me clarify,” Steve said, clearing his throat. “I meant making a movie isn’t a very good idea
His eyes slipped closed.  The tension in his shoulders eased and he slumped bonelessly in Tony’s lap.
Tony stood up and switched seats easily, slipping into the one beside him.  He raised the armrest so there was no barrier between them.  He touched Steve’s shoulder.  Shook him gently.  He wasn’t afraid.  He’d never believed those old-wives tales about waking someone having a nightmare.
Natasha put her hand on his cheek and turned his face toward hers.  Her eyes were dark and serious as she pulled him closer and pressed her lips against his.  The feel of her mouth was friendly, but it wasn’t exactly the kiss of a friend.  It made him wonder if this morning would have gone a bit differently if she had still been in his bed when he woke up.  It also made him wonder if that was the reason why she had left.
They waited for him to answer, and then Sam took pity on him. He put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Art. It’s his best class.”
“I climbed right up into your lap.”
“What’s going on?” Clint asked.  His voice was amused, but Tony saw how he moved between Tony and the other guy, his casual grace belying the coiled tension in his muscles.  He was ready, if it came to it.  Tony resolved to buy him something pretty when this was over.
He shook his head as understanding turned his blue eyes gray.  “Oh no,” he whispered.  “No.  No, no, no.”  He looked up, helpless and cold.  “I did this.”
in his living room. Insane. Almost unbearably insane.
Steve sat slumped in his seat, idly rifling through the papers in front of him.  He wasn’t listening.  He was tired of the talk.  He just wanted to get it over with.  He’d packed his bags the night of his fight with Tony in the kitchen.  They sat by the door, patiently waiting like pet dogs.  When this was over, he’d grab them and be gone before anyone even noticed.  He wouldn’t say good-bye.  There had been only one person he would have sought out and she was gone already.  He could say good-bye to FRIDAY on the way out of the building.  She wouldn’t answer him, he’d failed his second chance, but he could still say it and hope she heard.
“I know,” Steve said.  “I don’t mind.”
“‘Kay,” Steve said simply, and sat back down on the sofa. There was a bottle there on the coffee table, and he splashed some into his glass, sipped it, then poured in a little more. “Do you want to sit down, at least?”
After a while, Steve spoke.  “What’s wrong with me?”
“Fine,” he grumbled happily.
“Oh god,” Tony sighed. He let his head fall back, closed his eyes, lost to the sensation of Steve’s lips, his tongue, and then his hands slowly, insistently jerking him when he dipped his head to suck gently on his balls. “Oh god.
Clint laughed. “Nope,” he said. “Not
“I thought about him too.”
miss that pizza.
going to breakfast,” he said carefully. “But my date stood me up.”
“Do you even have to ask?”
Steve turned his face up to be kissed, and Tony obliged, thinking how easy this was between them now.  How easy and perfect and
Her face was red and puffy with tears and grief.
“Yeah.” They were quiet for a moment, then Tony gestured at the stump. “Room for me?”
“Sure,” she said. “Just a minute.” Steve leaned his head against the glass, his breath fogging it up, his eyes shut. “Tony?” the woman’s voice called. “Phone!”
Tony didn’t bother trying to open the door further, he just slipped inside like a ghost himself.
“And don’t think about it too much longer,” he said. “‘Cause I’m ready. I’m ready right now.” He was speaking into Steve’s chest, but Steve could hear--almost feel--the sincerity and happiness in his voice. “I mean, no pressure, but I’m ready right the fuck now.”
“You didn’t come get me?”
Tony sighed a little, the sights, and sounds, and smells of this place--of
The dog dropped immediately to its stomach, but its haunches stayed in the air, tail wagging vigorously, eyes still on Morgan. It barked once, but stayed where it was even though it so obviously wanted to tackle her to the ground, and by the looks of it, Morgan wanted that to.
They ate in the kitchen at the butcher-block island, the three of them on stools, Dodger wandering between them, trying his best to get a bite. No one gave him one, at Tony’s insistence that he not be fed at the table, but that didn’t stop him from trying. When they finished eating, Tony said, “Ugh, fine,” and scraped the last few bites of his own lasagna into a bowl and put it on the floor near the sink. Dodger wagged his tail in thanks and scarfed it down.
, he thought, looking at Steve fondly.  “She was,” he said.  “She would’ve liked you.”
"Let's do it."
Rhodey squeezed his shoulder.  “Well, if you ever
“Steve?  Dinner.”
“Did I tell you I hate you?”
Tony laughed softly and squeezed him tight before letting him go. “Yeah, baby,” he said. “Let’s go for a walk.”
Steve’s own fingers gripped the edge of the table.  The wood groaned in his fists.
“In the rain?”
“I cannot believe you know a grown man named ‘Bucky’,” Tony said, glancing at the clock. Two am. They still had a little time. Just a little, but it was better than nothing.
“Honestly?  A little notice might have been nice.”
He’d went dark when meeting with Bucky.  Whatever happened between them, Tony had known that the other would go to Steve.  Would be there for him, would take care of him, and make it okay--at least, mostly okay--for him.  He knew better than to feel that way now with Ross.  He may be a lot of things, but Tony Stark wasn’t stupid.
are you talking about?”
“Okay,” Steve said, as if relenting. “Okay, maybe I jerked off to him jerking off to them once.”
“I’m sorry about earlier.”
, he belonged there. Tony had always known it. It was what he had always wanted. Always hoped for. And after all this time, Steve was there.
Steve’s smile faded. His light faded. “Tony?”
“I’d take it, Tony, but I’ve-”
That was the right answer too.
"Let's ask Eric," said Tony, nodding toward them.
"I don't remember you," said Tony, squinting at her.  "And I would definitely remember you." She was wearing a red, backless evening gown with a plunging neckline that showed off the curve of her breasts.
"The Maximoffs are children.  They do not understand, like I do, just how grand our mission is.  The world is a terrible place, soldier. People, they think they want freedom, but look at how badly they've shaped their own lives.  This, you know. This, omegas know. When you give up control, how much happier you are. There is no struggle to make decisions, and no guilt, and no regret.  The world is better in the hands of those who know how to care for it. Just as I care for you, HYDRA will someday care for the world. Direct it, discipline it.  And then we will enter a golden age of true freedom. Freedom to grow, expand... progress,
"...great.  Get me that and two scotches, then."
On the way to the airport, Steve pulled in his phone and, when he turned it on, discovered a new series of texts.
"Better not lose too much, then, or she'll be furious with you when you come home," said Maggie
The waiter hesitated.  "Sir, I'm... I'm not sure I can serve you nine shots in less than an hour," he said, not meeting Tony's eyes, posture completely submissive.
Steve looked up to see George peering at the back of his neck not-so-subtly. The omega quickly looked away, trying to be polite but Steve knew what he was looking at. He must have noticed that the marks had changed-- that Tony's was just as prominent as Bucky's now. Perhaps he was curious about his own chances of being able to bond with another Alpha.
"Oh, God, we are
"My head hurts and I wish I were dead," said Tony flatly, without moving.
He changed into gym clothes, per Aria's instruction, before they headed out. He didn't like leaving Tony along still half-stoned but the offer to get out of the house had been incredibly tempting. Steve asked JARVIS to call or text immediately if Tony had or looked like he was going to hurt himself (something Pepper had informed he could do.)
"Absolutely none," Steve said, blinking. "Now they have special hostels and stuff, which is awesome. I wish we'd had them. Once during the war I had to go through a heat in an old broken down pub in France. The only reason I was left alone was because Timothy Dugan guarded the door with a shotgun. Men like him proved that Alphas could goddamn control themselves if they want to.  Dum-Dum was a real Alpha.  A real man.  He was-- really--"  He reached up to wipe his eyes.
?  And if we're all bonded now-- don't say we're not a trio, Steve, 'cause you know as well as I do we're all fucking connected-- if we're all bonded now, why can't I feel him like how I feel you?"  Tony paused. "Can
Steve was hyper the entire drive over. Just as they pulled up outside, his phone pinged with a text from Aria, with the first reports on his newly-released video. It would be a while till it went viral (it was still too early in the morning) but Aria and Pepper had wanted to get it out there as soon as possible.
"You haven't experienced the tesseract like I have Nick. You have
"What should we wear for the party?" Steve asked Pepper, finding her in the kitchen. She was drinking coffee and face timing Happy, and actually almost looked a little bit embarrassed at being caught.
...obviously that will be ages away but it's kind of a big deal, breaking through the stereotype and all that. It'll be filmed too. Made into a proper documentary I think."
"...answer the question."
Steve had gotten lost in his own head; he busied himself with the coffee while DeSoto and Tony talked.  As silence spooled out, he poured himself a warm-up and walked over to them.  DeSoto didn't even look up at him, his attention remaining fixed on Tony. It was both rude and unsettling.
"I just...I can't believe all the omegas in here are happy with this. I mean, I'm not saying they're sad," Steve sighed as he leaned against the bar. "But what if they've never known anything else, been given another option? You wouldn't be sad if a rich Alpha took you in if that's what you always expected to happen, would you? This is just crazy. It's like they're all living on some different planet where omegas aren't people anymore."
Pietro and Wanda exchanged a look.
Sensing the unfairness of the situation, and already overly tired, Lila began crying.
Tony nodded slightly.  He hadn't asked Steve yet, but he was wondering if it would be a good or a bad idea to invite Clint to Zephyr Hill.  If Trickshot was there...
Donner curled up a little on the bed.
"I'll use the master. We'll see how it goes," Steve murmured, running a hand over his face as he dragged himself back to the present. He didn't want to be distant from Tony. He was unsure about sharing a bed, definitely iffy on sex, but he didn't know how he would feel about distancing himself from Tony even further. He'd felt so lonely the past few months and he was sure the other had too.
, Steve replied,
"Sorry, I... drifted off for a moment there," Steve said quietly, pushing the pants into Tony's arms and fastening his shirt one button higher for the sake of smartness.
Steve laughed grimly and shook his head. "Honestly, after doing it for two days...I think I'd share that sentiment."
Tony glared at Pepper with a look that clearly said,
Steve knew a lot about Tony from when he'd been undercover.  Things like that Tony didn't know how to tie a tie (except a half-Windsor, which he refused to wear) and that Tony was allergic to opiates.  But Tony didn't really know him.
"We don't work for them anymore... why are they still
Steve nodded, a serious kind of look in his eyes. "I really am."
Tony reassured him he didn't have to worry and they'd be taking it out again soon, but Steve didn't want to chance it.
later."  He stifled a yawn.  His hair was still a mess despite his attempt to get it in order.  "I'll come get you by one in the morning, okay? If you need me, just text, I charged both our phones, just in case.  Don't fight anyone even if they're being a dick."
Tony grunted in reply, moving hard and fast on top of Steve.
A few moments later, Tony was hugging a box of donuts and was perched in the donut of the Winchell's sign, watching the sun peek up over the horizon.  He basked in its light, his eyes searing despite the pair of purple Chanel knock-offs he'd gotten after proper managerial approval from the drive-thru.  He was hungover beyond all reason, but he didn't care.  The pain in his head was helping distract him from the terrible soreness in his chest, his shoulders, his arms, his neck.  Every throb of his heart sent fingers of fire through his veins.  The suit probably wasn't helping, but he didn't care.  His blood toxicity was in the nineties.  He was a goner.  Time to wake up and smell the coffee.
He was willing to ask permission and get on his knees and grovel if that's what it took to keep Steve close to him.  He wasn't sure where this sense of longing was coming from or how the hell to get rid of it.  He was operating largely under gut feelings and hoping that that was sufficient to lead him to where ever this crazy train was taking him to.  It seemed like the more time he spent around Steve, the more his brain was screaming at him to hold and caress and protect and nurture and
This chapter and the next are long, but I feel that the two events they cover are self-enclosed and therefore should remain in a single chapter.
"Creepy as hell, if you ask me.  Just leave him alone. They'll end up banging on their own, once he snaps out of... whatever
"I didn't realize this was a romantic date," Tony said suddenly, startling Steve out of his memories.  He looked over at Steve and smiled a little.  "But I'm okay with it if it is.  This is a nice place.  I haven't been here in years."  He glanced around the room and lowered his voice a little.  "...listen, I'm sorry it's mostly Alphas, I seriously didn't notice that.  I'm... kinda completely status-blind.  My bad.  ...but that's sort of good, right?  That's our new thing, isn't it, raging against the machine?  That's a reference to another metal song, by the way.  Don't worry, Cap, I'm going to school you on all the best music."  Tony reached across the table with one hand to touch Steve's.  "And I know I'm just one guy but for the record, as far as having Alpha support, you have
A female Alpha stepped forward and shook Steve's hand warmly before turning to offer her hand to Tony's. "It's a pleasure to meet you."
Okay. So... Tony was right. Massages were
"He's safe," said Carter quickly.
"AGENT MAY!" he yelled.
Fury jabbed a finger at Steve.  "Your apology is gonna be the first of a long, long course of actions you're gonna have to take to fix this mess.  I've been out there fighting for you for days. The least you could do is suck up your pride and work with me, Rogers.  FYI, right now, we got the treason charges dropped and all agents involved are only facing probation.  Which is nothing short of a goddamn miracle."
Pepper hadn't spoken with Steve since New Year's Eve.  She had been completely absorbed into Tony's black hole of depression, and she suspected Steve wouldn't want to talk to her because she was too close to Tony.  She did miss him, though.
"You don't wanna get on my bad side, kid," he said, voice slow. The Alpha squirmed beneath him, trying to get free. Steve slammed his head into the floor again, but not hard enough to knock him out. He knew the limits and extents of his own strength well, although it had been a messy learning curve at the beginning.
"...good," said Tony firmly.
She rolled her eyes.  "That's not really an appropriate response, Stark."
"There's no indication he was bonded, none."
"Well, not like your kind of war, mate."
allowed to say it," said Happy, who had retrieved his fries.  "So... who are these people and why were they trying to kill you?  How come everyone's shooting up heroin?"
him.  Something that a lot of bonded omegas couldn't actually say about their Alphas.
Tony smiled.  "Thanks, it's gorgeous, we love it.  And you're only about... seven months late."
He climbed onto the bed, the mattress depressing very slightly under him, Steve's body tensing up with expectation.
Tony stifled a yawn.  "I don't mind having a badly behaved omega hanging around.  I like sexy, naughty blonds, as you well know." He looked out the window at the pool deck, the surface reflecting the setting sun.  "...have you seen my dad's grave yet? I know you and him were... peers." He blinked, still staring out, distantly. "...maybe when we're in New York, we can go visit the Statue of Liberty, too.  You'd like that, right? Captain America?"
If only he'd been able to recognize that before pushing Steve away and letting some other Alpha...
"Mr. Stark, you broke up with Olivia last year."
Steve laughed quietly and moved aside holding the window open for Tony. He stepped out of the way, expression bemused as the suit clunked into his bedroom.  Tony shimmied awkwardly through the window, falling clumsily onto the floor.  All the natural grace of it was gone and replaced with the awkward bulkiness of heavy, metal limbs. "You're bossier when you're drunk," he told him, but his tone was fond.
"Oh, who knows?" said Eric, waving a hand.  "I think, last year, one of them was the step-son of vice president Rodriguez.  Pip, go get me a drink."
"You look better without a top," said Tony dismissively.
"...I worry about Donner," said Tony suddenly, setting down an empty bottle and reaching for the six-pack to grab a second one.  "It's like Gideon just gets off on the idea of... well...
In the eighties, the show had been abruptly changed to
"Well, it can't be very nice to live with," Brazinski said. "That, and it doesn't create a stable home environment for you. And that's exactly what you need right now. Soldiers themselves can even be prone to addiction."
Steve nodded.  He knew what was coming.
"The problem is, he's been building up a tolerance to inducers for months now.  We've developed a suppressant, but we can't guarantee it works, and with his metabolism, it will only be effective for about an hour at a time.  So he'll have to take it continuously," said Dr. Gleason. "And that's really the best we can do."
The scientists shared a small fist bump.
"What?"
"--he's missing and they located all of his personal effects in Russia.  Including his sketchbook, Tony."
For a moment there he'd wanted to throw himself at Tony. He'd wanted to drop to his knees and
Steve was probably getting carpet burn but he didn't even notice it or feel it. He just saw and felt Tony. He soon was soon a panting mess of moans and whines, squirming under Tony and on his cock as he plowed into him. "I-I won't break, you know," he panted, fingers digging into the nape of his deck a little as he gasped at a particularly firm thrust. He could almost feel Tony holding back on him a little. Steve couldn't get hurt easily, he was a super soldier after all. If Tony wanted any marks to remain he would have to be at least a little rough about it.
Her long fingers were taut and the asset could see the energy crackling between them; he threw himself across the alley between the buildings.  The blond was still struggling to get up--
Steve half opened his eyes as a water bottle was pushed into his hands, its surface cold. He grunted and brought the water bottle to his lips, drinking greedily. He sighed and let his eyes slip shut as he water slipped down his throat. He crushed the bottle when he was done and dropped it on the floor. "That's-- that's a lot of money," he said, blinking slowly.
Tony elbowed Steve a little.  Both women were omegas, but both of them gave of a Nastasha-esque vibe of extreme deadliness.  One of them, he noted when they passed, had a little henna tattoo of a crouched panther just beneath her left eye.
"Of course. Call me when you've made the arrangements. We're very excited to maybe be making a match."
The thought evaporated as soon as he had it.  He was too interested in Steve to care about a minor verbal gaffe.
"Speak of the devil..." murmured Rhodes.
A minor problem: the hand was the wrong one.  His thumb was instantly crushed as the armor did what it was supposed to do: self-assembly around him.
"We have to find him," said Tony, wringing his hands.
means you don't talk about it openly in bars!"
He stopped suddenly, mid-yawn, remembering part of the dream.  He looked over at Jarvis, trying to get a look at the back of his neck.  Damned high collars.
Pepper handed him a pen and Steve started signing in between sips of coffee. He needed to get a ten shot wonder again; that coffee Natasha had given him on the jet had been a real wake up. He'd missed those kind of caffeine highs.
"I bet both SHIELD and HYDRA want it framed that way," said Tony, nodding.
doing this now..." moaned Sam.
"You lived with an omega for eighteen years!  What do you mean , you don't spend a lot of time around--"
. You put yourself up for auction tonight then you're gambling your life away on
He also knew exactly why Steve had asked it.
"Do you know what they're actually trying to do with it?" Steve asked. Clint shrugged.
good for your image."
"Pokemon," Natasha corrected. "'Pocket monsters'. They're a game, sort of."
Tony slid an arm around Steve's waist.  "...sure. A lot of eggheads are here. Reed and Elon are both brilliant.  But neither of 'em are as good of a dancer as me." He grinned, he and Steve stepping in an easy four-step waltz.  "Does this bring back memories to the swingin' twenties, Steve? ...or at least the swingin' New Year's party we had... I hope you're not expecting another blow job after this..."
Tony snagged a bottle of liquor from the bar.  "I'm going to bed," he said. And that's exactly what he did.
"That's lovely idea, actually," Steve breathed. He'd send them red orchids- fiery and dangerous, like them. Even if Natasha wouldn't appreciate it all that much, it would be nice to return Clint's gesture. Tony was still surprising him, even now. Something warmed in Steve's chest. He wrapped an arm around Tony's shoulders to help steady him, the alpha's own hand on his waist helping as they headed back out to the car.
"Backstage.  ...main stage," clarified Happy.  "Probably shooing Hammer off of her with a broom."
"Captain Rogers, I-- I can't thank you enough, me and my mom, we-- we never thought-- I mean--" stammered Doug.  He was clearly aware he was one of those kids Steve wanted to help.
"Oh, yeah.  Well, I'm only eight," said Cooper with a shrug.
"Yeah.  Right," Steve breathed with an awkward chuckle.  He turned.  If Fury was stable, and SHIELD agents were here... then there was no reason for him to be.  Only the doctor knew what had happened to him.  He could leave.  He could leave and pretend this had never happened.
"Oh.  Sorry.  I'm just... used to him," said Tony, looking up.  "...I guess when you think about it, having an artificially intelligence cyber butler is... kinda weird.  ...it's basically a computerized ghost of my dad's omega.  Yeah, okay I'm definitely seeing how that's weird now.  We can shut him off, you know, if it makes you uncomfortable.  Or send him off to hang out on the cloud or the 'net.  Sometimes he likes to upload himself onto the web and just kind of browse.  It helps him expand his algorithms. He's a learning program."
Tony looked up in alarm, remembering how he'd tossed the omega aside once he was in the suit.  "Did I... did I hurt him?" he asked, trying not to sound too concerned.  After all, Steve was merely an assistant.  Merely an omega.  Tony didn't even know him that well, but the idea of accidentally hurting him worried him.
"The doctor said he's nice and healthy, but we'll probably be here for another day or two before we leave."
"Good luck with that. For now, use this. I can go see if Decker will let me borrow that heating pad he has for his knee,” before Steve even stood up, a shadow walked toward the tent." before Steve even stood up, he spotted a shadow walking toward the tent.
"I'm kind of busy wanting to fucking crawl into the desert and die, Rogers. Did you ever think about that? No! of course you can't with your tiny fucking walnut brain." Steve had learned very early on that when Bucky lost his temper, it was better to simply let him yell until it was all out before trying to insert himself in the way. Trying to interrupt him would only result in some sort of physical reaction, most commonly a broken nose. It had taken Steve a while to figure that out himself, having a short temper himself. He let Bucky cuss him out for a while, waiting until the names died down.
"But maybe he'll have your baby blues, leave me to dream," Tony said, waving off Steve's words. A nurse came over to Steve and Tony, tapping Steve's arm.
sorry this one came out way later than I anticipated. I tried, but somethings just don't work out how you want them to, especially during a pandemic. Sorry if this bit seems weird, I'm writing it during my graveyard shift and I had one iced coffee a bit over 8 hours ago and nothing else, I am not coping well, but also just not coping well with anything recently.
My teacher gave my class a project for us to write letters to family out of state, but since my family is small, I don’t have family I don’t already live with (besides Harley, but I call him all the time). My Uncle Rhodey works for the
"Did I miss anything?" Sam asked as he passed out the drinks to the others.
"Is that from mom?"
2. As the quarantine continues, please remember to stay safe! Wash your hands, social distance, and whatever you can. This is a very crazy time. Please, for the love of whatever God you believe in, just try your best to be safe.
"They're probably going to change, Tones."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Read it to me, I wanna look at what Ma sent you,”
"Well, we can't have him being decent all of a sudden, can we now?" Bucky, about to defend himself, was cut off by clint shouting into the microphone, "Now, I hear that someone had an ickle little letter they won't share!"
"It's just from some kid, Barton."
“Sent us.”
"Thank you. And if you have time, tell Decker I need to ask him for something.”
"Oh, dear brother, I am many things, but that list does not include quiet." Steve gagged as he walked to his cot, sliding out a small box from underneath. He set the letter inside atop the remanence of his last care package. Steve fell asleep to Bucky's voice, his last thoughts already drafting his response.
“Yeah, you wanna read it?”
"These just arrived Captain, for you and Sergeant Barnes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Of course it is. Can I?" He gestured toward the bundle, wiggling even more. May carefully set the child in his arms, tickling his toes as the team moved closer. "Guys, this is Peter Benjamin Carbonell Stark, our newest recruit." everyone cooed as the chubby face seemed to smile at them, reaching his wrinkly hands out for something to grab. He latched onto Bucky's hand that had been poking at his stomach. Steve appeared behind him, watching his friend whisper to Peter.
"You think you're strong, don't ya? You'll be knocking out Stevie in no time."
Once Steve had managed to breakdown his walls, with the help of others, he fit seamlessly into the team. They came to like his quiet yet sarcastic remarks, perhaps Tony a bit more than the others. It was most surprising to Steve once he realized that he could, and maybe already did, think of the Avengers as his own family. It had scared him at first. The others watched as he appeared to shrink away just as he had opened up. It took quite a few arguments, an epiphany or two, and a well-timed confession to reel him back in.
"Nope," he handed the envelope to Steve, throwing bits of a stick into the fire. "I don't recognize the address, but it's definitely for you. Mail boy said someone high-up back at base asked for it to be sent directly to you." Steve hummed as he opened it, leaning away from Bucky as he tried to read the letter. The writing was messy, certain words scratched out and rewritten. Steve had only seen this kind of writing with children and one very childish adult. Bucky must have noticed his confusion, kicking Steve's foot as he asked, "Who is it?"
Finally, he smiled and said, "It's a boy," cheers erupted from the small crowd. They ignored the smiles and stares of the families around them, asking more questions to the new fathers. "May we come and see the child?" Thor asked.
"You have to skype Clint in less than five minutes! I'll let you read it later." Bucky whined, slapping Steve's leg until he was free. He watched Bucky grumble to himself as he trudged over to the tent, yelling some unsavory words back to him. Steve lingered around the fire, smiling as he reread the letter. It became clear how the letter came directly to him. He had only met Rhodes a few times, most of those times being a quick greeting.
"You remember our first year when they asked us if we wanted to sign up for pen-pals?" Steve asked.
"Hey, I never said I
"But it's been hours!"
"Shouldn't someone come out and like...tell us how it's going or something? Why has no one-" Natasha stopped Clint's rambling with a swift slap to the thigh.
"That's great, I can show you how to help him latch on if you'd like?"
“That’s disgustingly cute.”
"We'll be ok, Bucky. Thank you." Bucky squeezed back, gripping Steve's arm a bit too tight.
"Of course, Point Break. May's a bit tired but she did send us out here to herd you all in," the rest of the team followed the two through the hallways, stopping at the very last room. May was lying on the bed, talking with one of the nurses as the small bundle in her arms. May finally noticed as Tony walked up to her, poking at the bundle's feet. "How's the tough guy holding up?"
"I wanna read it!" Steve moved farther away, holding the letter behind himself, away from Bucky's hands. Some of the others watched as the two wrestled for a bit, Bucky trying to grab the piece of paper. He finally gave up once Steve had a leg thrown over his chest, pinning him to the ground. "Steve!"
Steve sat back down on the bed, handing Bucky both of the packages. ”From Mom and Clint.”
"When he brought it up for the first time, I was so scared. All I could think about was how much could go wrong. I've spent, years, trying to decide what I did and didn't deserve but now, when I look at him, it just goes away. He's just..."
this is the last chapter to part one: the letters. The next part will be the official meet of all of our beautiful boys.
"Don't be jealous, tough guy. It was only a matter of time before someone came around to take your title." Bucky peeled the baby's fingers off of his hand, giving room for the others to meet Peter. He and Steve drifted back, watching the others. Steve couldn't help but stare at Tony, his eyes brighter than any star. "I'm happy for you Steve. After everything you've been through, what we've been through...you deserve this, you know."
When I’m helping my dad, I really like to draw! Do you draw? Aunt Pepper (she is my dad’s assistant, but she’s really cool) is really good and if I ask her nicely and help make dinner with her, he draws really cool designs on my notebooks and folders and for school. She made one for my friend Ned. What are your friends like? Do you get to work with them?
I live in Manhattan with my dad and some of his friends. He’s really smart and he makes robots for big companies (he keeps his favorites in his workshop so he doesn’t have to give them away). My favorite is Dum-E because he likes to play fetch with me, but he makes really bad sandwiches that dad hates.
Steve could tell, as soon as he walked into the tent, that it was not gonna be a good day. Bucky was curled up on his cot, facing the wall. His boots and jacket were tossed on the ground and he had all the blankets bunched up in his arms, even Steve's blankets were missing. "Buck?" his only response was an angry grunt and a sock thrown at his head. "Buck, talk to me."
I’m in the fourth grade right now and my favorite classes are math and after-school science. Some of the kids make fun of me for it but I don’t care because I wanna be an
"Yeah, that sounds right."
With the team riding the wave, it was only a matter of time before they ended up crowded in a waiting room, tucked away in the corner. each seemed to be a different stage of stress. Clint couldn't decide between pacing a hole into the ground and sitting on the arm of Natasha's chair, his hands twitching. Natasha and Bucky sat next to each other, her whispering reassurances to the Captain. Bruce looked to be the calmest of the bunch, reading a book in the corner. Next to him was Thor, unusually quiet. Rhodey was also standing, leaning against the wall with his phone in hand. He was the first to notice Sam walk through the door carrying two trays of drinks. He waved the man over, gladly taking a coffee.
an incident occurs within the stark family, but the letters are always there to cheer up a certain boy.
Nevertheless, he sat next to his brother and waved at the screen, "Hello Clint,"
"We should probably go, leave the lovely couple to themselves," Natasha said, already ushering Clint out of the room. Everyone said goodbye, giving Steve a hug and a wave to Tony. Bucky was the last, leaning against the doorway.
Dear Mr. Captain Rogers Sir,
"Come on over soldier, the pro has to show you how it's done."
going to respond, so don't get your panties in a twist. Right now, however, I intend to go to bed. Try not to keep him up too late and do keep in mind I have to share this tent with Buck," Bucky laughed along with Clint, both practically falling off their chairs.
"Well, random child or not, you going to write back, right? You can't crush this child's heart by leaving him hanging! The Captain I know would never hurt an innocent like that,"
"Got it, Captain.” with a short salute, the man was off to hand out more deliveries. Steve walked back into the tent and looked at who sent the packages. One of the packages was from his mom, addressed to both himself and Bucky, while the other was from Clint. The letter, bright red and slightly sparkly, was from Peter.
automatically makes you cool because my uncle is the best!
----------
(See the end of the chapter for
"Cap! So good to see you! How's the sand and dirt been treating you?"
"Stop panicking over nothing, it's probably going just fine."
"You got eyes like Papa, don't you baby."
My favorite part of New York is probably the view of the city. My house is up super high and my room has a big window that I like to look at. Whenever I’m sad, Dad will set up a fort on the roof and he’ll show me all the
"Yes?” the guy handed him two packages and a letter.
"Clothes for all four of us once we're out of here, yes. We'll be fine Buck."
My science classes are only once a week, but last Thursday, we got to make slime! It was really messy, but we could pick whatever color we wanted and I made mine bright red. Have you ever made slime before? I could teach you how to when you come back if you want! It’ll be so fun, we could make slime for every color.
"Do you have everything?"
"Ms. Parker sent in all the paperwork for you guys to bottle feed, do you have the formula ready?"
"Captain?” Steve recognized the voice as one of the newer guys. He jogged to the entrance before the soldier could walk in and see Bucky’s state.
“Exactly!” Bucky set the bag down as he glanced at the letter. He seemed much less angry than earlier. “Is that from the kid?”
engineer like my dad. What was your favorite subject in school?
The Avengers tended to avoid gathering in public, lest it be for a conference or a mission that required such. As for the day to day, most of the team preferred the comfort of the tower. Those like Bruce and Tony tended to stay in their labs for days at a time, while members such as Bucky or Natasha could spend hours in the gym, only to repeat the next day. Barton liked to lounge around and watch the latest sci-fi, well, that or scare whoever was unlucky enough to walk under a vent. Thor and Sam came through more often then not, the latter staying more and more as time went by. Thor liked to visit his other friends and family, both on earth and back on Asgard. Steve could almost always be found in either the living room reading or down with Tony, drawing to his heart's content.
After the dust had settled, life, somehow, became much easier. No matter how much damage arose and how helpless they felt, they came home ready to face the next day.
"How long do you think you're staying?" he asked.
sorry this one a bit shorter, we'll be moving into part two of this soon
From, Peter P.
"Thank god, gimme the box,” Steve didn’t pay attention to what was in the boxes, his focus entirely on the letter. He read it through twice, smiling at each little story before he finally noticed Bucky poking at his thigh. ”Look at what he did.” Bucky shoved a bag in his hand, specifically, a bag of skittles. The logo was taped over, now read ’Bucky’s super real happy pills’.
Bucky was sitting at the computer, clearly in the middle of an exaggerated tale. Steve could just make out the slightly laggy fed of Clint, Bucky's husband. They all used to be in the same unit, at least until an IED blew out most of Clint's hearing. He was discharged and Both Bucky and Steve took time off to help him adjust. The three men spent the next few months learning ASL from online classes and Steve's mother. During their third month, Steve got a call from Bucky in the middle of the night, his voice way too chipper, to tell Steve that they were engaged. The next morning, Steve brought his mom to meet Bucky and Clint at a courthouse and sign all the papers. Clint had been Bucky's first and only boyfriend, and he had always been supportive. Steve's only problem with the man was his complete lack of public decency at times.
She rolled her eyes.  "Virginia, would you tell him?"
. There had been a flicker of recognition, something... something which had made him loosen his grip. He wasn't just a monster- there was a part of him left in there.
and he'd turned out fine, after all.
"What?  You're calling me to ask about heats?  Just ask JARVIS--"
shrieked Tony flinging himself at Rumlow.
The omega was dangerous, far more dangerous than the soldier had realized.  He pressed against the cell door. "Karpov!" he called desperately. "полковник Карпов!"  He clawed uselessly at the door. He wanted to be safe, he wanted to be with his Alpha, his handler.  He wanted to be away from this omega, who had hurt him just by showing him his neck.
"Which one is Nixon?" Steve asked, feeling a little loss with his cup of eggnog. Aria patted his arm.
Steve reached out to take it for him.  The woman placed the program on the table, ignoring Steve.  Steve rolled his eyes.  Tony picked up the program, tucked it under his arm, and then gestured grandly. "Steve, lead the way," he said.
"Oppression sucks!"
"I don't have any money," said Bucky.
Eventually she gave up.  She led him to his bedroom and he followed her, still weeping, as docile as a lamb.  Her old efficiency came back to her and she peeled off his clothes, stuffed him into a pair of MIT sweatpants and one of his ratty old t-shirts before putting him to bed. He cried himself to sleep and she used the opportunity to call Steve, but his phone was either dead or off, and she received no answer.
Steve was wrenched awake with Natasha hand on his arm. And then, with seconds, he was leaning over the side of the bed and throwing up. Natasha patted his back until it was over and all his lunch from the Italian restaurant was on the floor.
Sam reached over and slammed him in the back of the head; he dropped.
Steve swallowed thickly. "Pepper. I need a favor."
Steve tried to stand but his legs gave away beneath him. He stretched out to Tony on the floor. He could hear fighting. Or rather, he could hear Maria shouting and Tiberius grunting. Steve reached out with fuzziness in his eyes, his fingertips brushing against Tony's shoulder.
"He's still head over heels for Gideon, so no."
"I didn't..." Steve swallowed thickly and looked up hesitantly to meet Tony's gaze. "I didn't know it felt like that," he admitted in a gentle murmur. "Thank you Tony."
Proving he was who he said he was wasn't difficult.  Not with all of the IDs: the SHIELD ID, his social security card, his new driver's license.  In Steve's time, unbonded omegas could not get licenses.  Another novelty.
Steve opened the door and stepped out, offering a hand for Tony to take mainly because he wanted to hold his hand.  Tony took it.  Steve glanced up at the hotel. "Jesus," he muttered, wondering how much Gideon really had spent just trying to make fun of them. "How many people are at this event again?"
"Where are we going out to?  You like Italian?  Spago is good, uhh... Il Cielo is amazing, actually... I'll pay... Natasha's not gonna, like, kick my ass, is she?  Last time I saw her she looked ready to kick my ass.  In her defense, I was being a real dick to you."  Tony turned suddenly.  "...I'm sorry," he said softly.  "...for being a dick."
Tony scanned the room; lots of couples.  Mostly male Alphas. In fact, he only spotted one female Alpha in the whole group.  No wonder; a female Alpha couldn't exactly impregnate her mate.
"What's going on?" asked Banksy who trailed out, followed by Donner.
bought me tulips before and now they're here and-"
"Tequila shots!" Tracy announced from the counter. "Oh my God Steve. Come do the thing where you do ten in a row again; that was so funny!"
, Tony."
Richard laughed. "Quite right!"
"How... how was your day?"
Steve understood that Tony's question about how Bucky had never managed to mate him was mostly rhetorical, but it weighed heavy on his mind.
, huh, why not Vanko?  Did you know him, too, huh?  Did you know Anton Vanko?  My dad's secret Russian pal?"  He jabbed a finger at Natasha.  "I bet
Whilst the two of them were arguing about smoothies Steve was pawing at the door. He was naked as the day he was born and pink all over. He was both sweating and shivering, eyes glazed over as he tugged at the door handle uselessly. He couldn't think. He had caught a whiff of an unbonded Alpha, and he
"Relatively."
"Like anyone even gives two shits' about omega rights.  They're just trying to distract us, man.  Stark's back in business and anyone with half a brain can tell this is all about Big Government trying to win us over with some pre-arranged bond--"
She was already there; she looked up and her face changed.  Tony had that thousand-yard stare she'd only seen once before.
"Shouldn't be a problem.  You're one of the tightest people I know," said Tony with a grin.
"Where's the key?  Never mind, Steve, take room five, and I'll take three, and we gotta radio Judy--"
"...by any chance, do you have a long-lost American cousin by the name of Aria?"
"I'm a soldier," said the soldier.
. He was the worst possible audience. Then Steve had been furious that Gideon dare mention the mark on Tony, the reminder of Afghanistan, such a hard time for Tony, but a time that made him stronger. Gideon seemed in every sense, weak, to Steve. He was sure he wouldn't come out the other side of such a traumatic incident as well as Tony had done.
"Yep," yelled Sam over the whistle of the wind.
And then Steve was being dragged off to the nearest medical building on base.  Despite the care he'd already received in the jet, the EMTs seemed hell-bent on doing everything over again.  They dragged him to get an MRI, a CAT scan, and a battery of X-rays; someone took his sandwich away in case he needed surgery.  (It turned out he didn't and they had wasted a perfectly good sandwich.)
Tony was of fairly low dominance; why would an omega like Steve want him, anyway?
"We should eat something," Steve mumbled against his skin. "It's too early to sleep..." And yet sleep was tugging at his bones anyway.
his mate calm down. Or could at least, you know, maybe get the giant suit off his mate so we can at least put some clothes on him? Because...crazy, I know, this isn't about Tony for once."
"There's more," Aria said softly, a sombre look on her features as she pulled up all the negative headlines so far on her tablet. She scrolled through so Pepper could see.
"This wouldn't have been possible without people like you," Steve assured her with a tired smile.
He swung out of bed, unconcerned with his nudity, and stumbled over to the bar to grab himself a drink.  "Why'd you let me sleep so late?" he asked as he pulled out a decanter full of whiskey.  "I wanna be with you, Steve.  You should've woken me up.  What have you been up to for the last three hours?  ...did you call President Ellis back?  What did I miss?  I'm serious, I don't want to sleep through my whole honeymoon period..."  He threw back a glass of liquor and then poured himself a second one.
, you should.  That one's a classic.  Everyone's seen it," said Tony after a moment.  "It kind of inspired the entire 'found footage' genre."  He found Steve's hand and brought it to his face, kissing Steve's knuckles and nuzzling his fingertips.
Lab 9.
"Who on earth are
"What, do you guys share a car or something?" asked Tony, but Malick ignored him and took the call outside, leaving the table and the reporter's question still dangling over it.
"I'm not goddamn anyone’s!" Steve  cried out but neither of them had been listening. Neither of them cared. Typical.  Fucking unbonded Alphas, in an Alpha pissing contest.
"Er...yes.  My publicist thinks it'll be good for my image," said Steve awkwardly.
"They love me," he said, sounding unapologetic.  Outside, there was a minor stampede around the car; it was turning into a frenzy and Natasha looked like she wanted to reach back and slap him for getting them so worked up.  Tony ignored her; he was texting Charlie and Pepper.  He hadn't seen her in the lobby and was hoping she could meet them on the tarmac.  He wanted to make sure she was okay, talking about his bond one-on-one with her.  Lately, they'd been distant, and if Tony was honest, Pepper was one of the very few people in the world he actually considered a friend.
"Oh, no problem.  I can call back later," said Gideon smoothly.  "And if Donner wants to take my call, I assume you'll let him, since it's
"I'm gonna teach you how to fight. Or at least, avoid getting black eyes," Steve said and opened the door, holding it for DeSoto. "Sorry, I feel like I should ask, is DeSoto your real name?"
Riley frowned.  "Mr. Stark, you asked me to wake you up before we landed.  We're in New York now; you insisted on getting to the Expo in time for Hammer's presentation.  It's already six in the evening."
When his charge finally fell into a fitful, feverish slumber, Karpov took himself outside for a smoke.  There was another agent there.
"Lucky for me," said Tony quickly.  He dislike the way Pierce was eyeing Steve, like he was trying to figure something out, but he was pretty sure it was just the drink.  He was trying to pace himself, for Steve, but God, it was hard.  He kept thinking about the white bandage on Steve's leg, under his pants, the bullet wound... someone had
