A drive was just what he needed. The night air rushing through the window, ruffling his hair, it helped him forget all about Cas and coffee.
He walked over to the thermostat and cranked it up, sighing when nothing came out of the vents. It looked like he was in for another cold night; at least he didn’t have to do anymore studying. He moved into the kitchenette to make some ramen before curling up in his blankets, relishing in the warmth that seeped through the paper bowl. He had only just finished when someone knocked on the door, hard.
Cas chuckled and placed another kiss on Dean’s lips. “So if I get the pie tattoo, what are you going to get?”
Dean always made sure to come in after closing time so he and Bobby could just spend time together without interruption.
Cas frowned as Gabriel shoved his drink in his hand and, to his absolute horror, walked towards the captain. He watched nervously as Gabriel spoke with the man, not knowing what his brother was up to until Gabriel took the man’s hand and lead him in Cas’ direction.
Several hands shot up, including Vicki’s and Cas selected a shaggy haired boy with dirt on his cheek.
“Shut up, Gabriel.” Cas grumbled out. He turned to Dean with a light blush staining his cheeks. “Anyway, your background check was cleared by the school.”
“I’m afraid I have to ask how many people you believed him to be sleeping with,” Cas said, picking up a pen and hovering over the “notes” box.
“No. I want you to stay in school.” Dean said, holding his phone in position with his shoulder and picking up the two duffel bags.
“Who knows? Maybe father had him executed.” Gabriel said offhandedly. “I’m kidding.” He quickly added when he saw Cas’ paranoid expression.
“Your records under Dean Singer are clean.” Bobby said reassuringly. “According to the rest of the world, you’re a perfect peach. Or it would have been if you hadn’t got that ticket a month back.” He shot a well-measured and reprimanding glare at him.
He found “yoga” to be tedious, as his trench coat and suit didn’t allow him to be as flexible as the hobby required and he didn’t enjoy the solitaire card games Sam showed him. “Binge watching” wasn’t very interesting either although there was a documentary on bees that he watched from time to time. He wasn’t so good at painting or drawing, and he didn’t hold much interest in reading if it wasn’t for research.
The first was an older man who swore a lot and the other was an abnormally tall man in his twenties or thirties.
Cas didn’t know whether to buck up into Dean’s mouth or grind down on his finger. It had been so long since he had the company of anything but his hand and his toy he didn’t know if he would be able to last very long.
“Hope you like all that stuff,” The blond said, returning with a chair and a box. “We’ve got a bed on the way for you but it might take a few days so I got you this to use.” He handed Castiel the box, which had a picture of an inflatable mattress on the front.
It took Gabriel less than twenty minutes to show up with several pints of Ben and Jerry’s, potato chips, bedding, and a couple comedies in hand. Together they arranged the air mattress in front of the tv and made a nest on it out of the bedding. They watched tv, worked on his papers together, and stuffed themselves with ice cream.
The lips were on his neck again, nipping and sucking. “You’re okay with this?” Dean asked, and it must have been the third time he had since they left the store.
“Yeah.” Chuck relinquished with a hum. “He’s made a lot of money off it. Even owns a part of the company he works for. Made so much money that he bought his best friend this old car. An Impala or Gazelle. Something like that.” He let out a long sigh. “I wanted him to be an actor.” He muttered moving to rest his head on his hand and sulk.
Dean was quiet as he led Cas out to the parking lot; he politely opened the door but stopped him before he got in. “Cas… Before you go…”
It looked like he had just gotten out of a shower. His hair was damp and he was wearing the dark blue bathrobe Dean had gotten for him.
Cas shook his head and accepted the pie. “Not nearly as bad. I think I might get more later on.” He said, looking up at Dean and squeezing his hand.
The rest went unspoken and Cas finally understood. He reached out and gently placed a hand on the mark he had left.
By lunch that next day, Dean had, had enough. He told Gabriel to go home and for God’s sake's talk to Sam and not to come back until he did.
The apartment seemed to be a very fancy and expensive one and Cas found himself wondering what Dean did for a living. It was tastefully decorated with plants and pictures hung up on the wall, most of them were of who he assumed was Dean’s family, he noticed some of them had someone cut out of them and there were boxes stacked up in the living room, some had ‘sell’ and some had ‘burn’ written on them in black sharpie.
Dean busied himself with one of the displays so he wouldn’t have to look the other man in the eyes. “I don’t know,” He said, acting disinterested. “I’m pretty sure I have stuff planned for tonight.” He was acutely aware of Charlie sneakily watching them from the booth.
He was surprised to see the parlor hadn’t changed much, same cracked glass door, same booths, same homey feel that he loved.
It took a few tries but they eventually found a rhythm where Dean was steadily hitting Cas’ prostate.
Cas threaded his hands into Dean’s surprisingly soft hair while the other man’s hands came to rest at his hips. As the kiss deepened, Cas could taste traces of the vanilla latte Dean had ordered at the coffee shop.
September came around quicker than Dean would have liked, which meant the end of Cas visiting the parlor at lunch time with delicious homemade meals and it meant that Cas was so busy preparing lessons and grading papers that he didn’t have as much time to cook, and now that Sam was back in school it meant both of them were left to survive on take out. Every so often, Dean attempted to cook but what didn’t burn was under cooked and almost none of it was worth eating, although Cas ate everything with enthusiasm.
“I will.” Dean promised, pulling on his leather jacket and walking out the front door and into the night air.
“Mr. Winchester!” Cas spluttered as the green eyes landed on him. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t see you! I was completely lost in my thoughts.” He rambled as he walked around his cart to help the other man up.
Sam nodded and walked over to sit on his bed. “That was one of the first ones I wrote. I was rereading it this morning.”
As they spun around and around Gabriel could almost pretend that Dean was his, and that this was their wedding day but the song ended to quickly and Gabriel was once again left with reality.
He was so lost in his thoughts he didn’t realize he had passed by the bread and wandered into an entirely different aisle. He didn’t even see the man in front of him till he crashed into him, knocking the poor man to the floor.
“I lost track of time,” Cas admitted. “I was busy getting ready and, well, I accidentally burned the first pot so I had to start a new one. It’ll be done in just a bit.”
Castiel nodded towards the small pile of blankets in the corner. Any other time, he may have laughed at the man’s horrified expression.
“You know what? Screw him, ya know? He wasn’t even that great.” Gabriel said reaching for another container of ice cream as Madea Goes To Jail played in the background.
“What’s wrong?” Cas asked grabbing his hands, a look of deep concern was etched into the lines of his face.
“You’ve been ignoring me.” Dean stated, standing up from where he was perched on the edge of the dinning chair.
“You’re not going to look at the menu?” Cas asked, blue eyes peering curiously over the faded menu cover.
Dean did his best to focus on his niece and nephew and not let Cas see his discomfort but it was difficult with Cas shifting and acting like he wanted to speak to him but changed his mind each time.
“Eh, I’m sure I’ll think of something. Till then, you just take care of yourself.” Dean said, giving his shoulder a tight squeeze. “See ya Cas,”
A nightmare. That made more sense. Cas had read about them in one of the articles Sam had showed him about human sleeping habits. "About what, Dean?" Cas asked. He recalled reading that talking about nightmares sometimes helped the affects.
“I thought I should give you some time,” Cas said, trying to gauge Dean’s mood. “Gabriel told me your father had just died. I thought you would need some time alone with your family.”
Cas turned to his desk and gather up some papers, tapping them on his desk to make sure they were neatly stacked, his face frigid and unreadable. “Get out,” He finally whispered.
Cas snorted. “Of course not. I- I don’t want anything big or flashy. Just something small that will remind me of you.”
Bobby seemed surprised that she remembered before he settled in his chair and nodded. “Yep. Completed his final degree and got hired into your son’s firm just the other day actually.” He said smiling brightly.
Dean nodded in understanding, a smile forming on his lips. “We can go look at options tomorrow, sound good?”
“Sorry,” Dean said. Cas could feel him smirking against his skin. “Bedroom’s this way,” He murmured, sending shiver’s up Cas’ spine.
“You know what,” Cas quickly interrupted, tapping his jaw. “I have a question for you, Mr. Singer. What is the most interesting tattoo you’ve ever done?”
She noticed Cas’ intense fascination and offered to show him how to do it, and offer he snatched up greedily, much to Dean’s dismay.
Cas scoffed and shoved his shoulder playfully before getting up to clean the mess left over from baking.
It had been ten years since Bobby had come home to find a note telling him to call Sam as soon as possible because there wasn’t time to explain. Dean’s name was hurriedly scrawled across the bottom.
The noise that Dean made was inhuman. A mix of a cry and a scream that sent a jolt of horror through Cas. Had he missed a threat? Was Dean hurt?
“I’ll see you Friday then,” Cas said as he walked towards the door. “Is spaghetti going to be okay?”
Bobby sighed heavily and let himself be lead to the back, already regretting coming to this get together.
He nearly threw his drink in surprise. “Blackmailer.” He said, squinting up at Dean. “What can I help you with?”
“Okay,” He breathed out. “Okay I think I’m good.” He opened his eyes to find Dean staring at him with wide eyes. “What?” He asked, confused.
Cas hesitated before clearing his throat, seemingly gathering his courage. “I was wondering if you were free tonight at six maybe.”
Dean’s mouth snapped shut and he finished chewing his burger and swallowed “Work was fine. Gabriel showed up late.”
Dean looked up and flashed a grin at the older man but obediently moved his hands away from the cushion seam he had been digging at.
Nick had a habit of demanding rent early to fuel his drug addiction, it was one of the many reason that everyone called him "lucifer".
Dean went ridged. What the hell was Cas doing here? He wondered, feeling himself tense against his will.
At first, Cas thought he would be happy to do this all day, but after a while his jaw began to ache. He was just about to pull off when Dean let out a groan.
He blinked at it before slowly, walking over and pulling his open, peering in cautiously before dropping his backpack with a huff filled with as much irritation as he could muster. “You broke into my house.” He said accusingly. “Again.”
“Son?” Chuck said, jerkily lifting his head from the table. “I have a son. I have several sons.” He said looking around at the two remaining. “And daughters.” He let a grin spread across his face. “But none of them are as successful as Gadreel. He’s my-“
“I know you said you usually bottom,” Cas choked out as Dean’s hand came up to rub him through the fabric. “But if you don’t get in me soon I think I'll explode.”
Sam leaned over and whispered softly in his ear and Gabriel’s face lit up. “Of course we will.” He said quickly, grinning in a way that made Dean uneasy.
Ty opened his mouth to ask a question but was interrupted by Bobby strolling back over to the table, an iced tea in hand.
“Yes, yes, your pride and joy.” Rowena said, eyes twitching upwards in a roll that she barely caught. “He’s an actor, plays a role in the T.V. adaption of your books. We know. So do most of your children.” She flicked her hair over her shoulder. “Except for Castiel right? What does he do?”
“How about this. I’ll come over with a bottle of Vodka and some Ben and Jerry’s and we’ll have a little heart break therapy session.”
Bobby nodded. “Jo’s going to it too. Some young man stopped by and asked her, friend of his mother’s or something.”
The Captain smiled and bowed, taking his hand in his own and pressing a soft kiss to the back of it. “If fighting this war was what it took for us to meet it will have been worth it, your highness.”
Dean looked a little disappointed but nodded understandingly. “Let me get dressed. I’ll walk you out to your car.”
“Besides.” Bobby said, calming down some. “He’s doing quite well actually, very popular I hear. He brings in a lot of money for himself. And in addition to that he’s got three boyfriends that spoil him rotten.” He let out a laugh. “For his last birthday they went all out for him, just because he was feeling down about turning 30. He got a 1967 Impala, a beautiful house built just for him by our lake, and his one boyfriend even bought his favorite bakery to make pies just for him.”
“The one and only.” Gabriel remarked before going back to whistling some Asia song he was obsessed with. Footsteps could be heard coming from the showroom and towards Dean’s booth.
The woman laughed and patted his arm before grabbing her purse and shuffling out with Dean following right behind her after he discarded his gloves.
Cas stopped and took a deep breath and thought about it. Gabriel’s pranks were elaborate yes, but they mostly focused on being annoying, like taping porn stars faces over family photos, instead of humiliating or cruel. And he knew about Cas’ dating history and how it affected his self-esteem. Yes, Gabriel could be a brat at times but he wasn’t cruel, not really.
“I was hoping you’d be willing to dance with me.” Dean said, turning to look at Cas who was dancing with their father. “I have no father and Sammy is still injured, I was hoping you’d be willing to take his place.”
Dean was currently in the shop, working on Tyler. The kid wasn’t as pale faced as he had been almost a year ago, his face was determined as he watched Dean delicately crafted a pink ribbon tattoo on his forearm in honor of his late mother. It was halfway through making said tattoo that Dean’s phone rang. As a rule, Dean ignored it and finished up his work.
The static was unlike he ever heard and the voice that came through the line nearly made him drop the phone.
“He said he’d try for next week.” Cas said. Warmth filled his chest and a grin spread across his face against his will. He expected Gabriel to tease him but the older man was unusually silent.
The older man got to work hooking it up, using Castiel’s stool as a TV stand and the taller one took the inflatable mattress from him with a smile and started to pull it out while the blond grabbed a couple of tools and headed for the door.
According to Gabriel, he had driven to Stanford on Wednesday and got there sometime Thursday morning, and then he and Sam “talked things out” causing Sam to miss several of his classes and break his roommate’s lamp, which of course made Sam mad at Gabriel again, which meant they had to do some more “talking” before Gabriel made the drive back.
“Why, do you have something to hide?” Gabriel teased. He let out a dramatic gasp. “Castiel are you exchanging filth with this man?”
“We’ll have to fix that next year, wont we.” Dean said, giving her tummy a soft tickle, grinning at the look of joy on his niece’s face and her bubbly laugh.
Cas offered him a tight smile, which wasn’t returned, before he walked out the door. He had barely been gone half a second before Charlie was sliding up beside Dean.
He had barely finished cleaning up from the last customer before the bell rang again. He swore to himself. At this rate he wouldn’t get a chance to eat lunch. He walked out into the show room and a smile broke across his face almost instantly. “Cas? What are you doing here?”
He was tempted to pull it out and look at it right then but he heard Sam and Cas yelling for him to hurry up and quickly replaced the floorboard, grabbing the duffel and heading out to meet them before anyone got suspicious.
Ty looked away briefly from the T.V. and gave a cursory nod that Bobby didn’t bother returning. Rowena gave a small smile.
For a minute Cas thought he was going to kiss him but instead he bent over to open a drawer and pull out a pair of boxers.
Suddenly he didn’t feel like snooping anymore. What if what Sam was being so private about had something to do with Jess?
It took him a bit to get the hang of tattooing again, Sam and Gabriel had the shitty tattoos to prove it, but once he got his confidence back it was like riding a bike.
“What! How’d you wipe the drug charge off your record?” Gabriel asked, placing a hand on his heart in shock.
“I uh- I slowed it down and ran it though a gold wave, took out the hiss and all that. Here’s what I got.”
Cas leaned over from the counter where he was making an apple pie “Who would have the key and who would have the lock?”
The man let out an interested hum, as if what Bobby said was truly thought provoking. “I’m certain that he could be located.” He mused. “If I found him, would you agree to let me take you out on a date?”
“Wait here,” He demanded before slamming the door shut, swearing when it popped open and slamming it a few more times until it latched. "I'll fix that!" He called.
Cas laughed and climbed off the bed. “I’ll get it,” He had never been much of a runner but he made it out to the parking lot and back in record time.
“Whose back there? A regular?” Cas asked as he produced paper plates and began to dish out the food.
Cas cleared his throat and shakily handed Gabriel his wine before giving him a small bow. “Thank you for your service Captain. I understand that the fight has been rough.”
“So what?” Dean asked, bending over to grab his keys. “Since when did you care who I went out with?”
“Well that’s enough about what we’ve been up to,” Gabriel said impatiently as he burped Thomas over his shoulder, and wasn’t that a sight to see. “Where the hell have you been?”
“You think this is funny?” Cas choked out. “You think it’s a joke to play with my feelings? Who was he? One of your acting buddies?”
But if he was so remorseful about it, then why hadn’t he came and told Dean himself? He knew for a fact that the other man knew he was back, if Sam and Gabriel hadn’t brought it up surely Olivia had.
He pretended that he only got them because they were on sale and that it was a ludicrous hobby to take up, but when Cas nervously presented him with his first project, a beanie, he put it on and wore it proudly.
“You okay?” Dean asked muscles straining as he attempted not to buck up into Cas before the other man was ready.
“You have to be eighteen to get one without your parents consent but it varies in different states.”
“Well, you’re my angel.” Dean said face heating up. He cleared his throat and straightened up. “I had thought about doing a clock, since you’re always late….”
Cas grimaced. “I better be going.” He said, clutching the empty fast food bag. “Gabriel will be coming in
“Talked to who yet?” Dean asked, pulling two plates out of the cupboard and grabbing the chocolate syrup.
“Never go home.” Dean muttered furrowing his brow. “The information dad sent me said he was hunting a White Witch. Got any idea how that would fit?”
But curiously enough the blond didn’t seem to want to attack him. Instead he turned around in a full circle, taking in the pitiful surroundings of which Castiel called home. There wasn’t much, just a pile of blankets in the corner, an overturned box with a stool beside it that he used as a table and chair, a suitcase with his clothes in it, and a small kitchenette that had a microwave and not much else.
Dean sucked in a steadying breath and told him everything. Absolutely everything. He told him about his mother and her death, about his father and his need for vengeance, he told him the real reason he and Sam had been dumped in his town and he told him about the phone call and about Jericho and while he spoke Cas’ face grew colder and colder.
Dean looked up and scowled. “You,” He spat out as Crowley took the seat next to him. “What do you want?”
John rarely contacted the boys, only to wish them a happy birthday every year or to occasionally check in and it was obvious that Bobby held no kind feelings for the man and was often in a sour mood after he called.
He thought it would be hard to talk about it but it was probably the easiest thing he had done in the past decade.
Dean came to a halt and sucked in a deep breath. “Cas,” He said, taking the prince’s hands in his own. “I…. I am of neither nobility nor wealth. I am no more than a soldier in your father’s army. I am unworthy of the attentions of a prince.”
“Since you started going out with my brother!” Gabriel exclaimed, looking more and more agitated by the second.
“They bought a nice little house nearby, nothing to fancy three bedrooms two baths. Walking distance between Dean’s house and mine. And close to the lake of course.” He practically beamed with pride.
Gabriel carefully scanned the crowds for the man Cas was referring to then his entire face lit up. “That’s Captain Dean Winchester. He’s the one-,”
Dean missed Sam more than he really cared to admit. Their two-bedroom apartment seemed so much bigger and emptier now that the moose had moved to California to attend college at Stanford. It wasn’t as if Dean wasn’t happy for him, he just wished he had chosen a school that was closer, so he could still live in the apartment and do all the stuff Dean never had to do, like the cleaning, and dishes, and laundry, and shopping, and cooking, especially cooking, the rest of the stuff Dean could figure out how to do but he couldn’t cook to save his life, this meant that when Sam left, Dean’s meal options dwindled down to take out, microwavable meals, or he would go to Singer’s Diner.
Dean’s scent always managed to calm him down and Cas always slept like a pup after a scenting session.
Before he could think of something to say to that, Sam thankfully jumped in, lawyer mode taking over. “Who made those allegations?”
“So, the… ghost did that to you?” Castiel asked, motioning to Dean’s swollen lip and other abrasions.
Dean, meanwhile, just went right on, “And if you have, like, a sex tape or something, my brother will sue you out of everything you own. He’s the best damn lawyer there is.”
? While they were standing next to each other naked, just a thin wall between them? Yes, that seemed just like Dean. And why wouldn’t he think that was the most normal thing in the world? Nothing illicit about two alphas chatting while in a public shower room.
It turned out Bartholomew wasn’t such a loyal alpha after all, but rather interested in cutting a deal for himself. He had given Mike up as soon as he had been offered a lighter sentence.
Castiel couldn’t help but smile at the way Dean handled himself. The way he had phrased it made it clear that they knew exactly why Michael had invited them over all of a sudden. And Dean was right: Castiel really wasn’t close enough to Michael to have mentioned their relationship.
“What do you think? My place is completely furnished and I still go to ‘Novak’s Antiques’ every day.”
“Just relax. I got you,” Dean said as he let his oily hands glide all over his back and shoulders and then to the small of his back, stopping just above the sheet before moving back up, tickling his sides along the way.
“I made a list with items I’ll need for him,” Cas said, which in return made Dean smile. A list. Of course. “And I want to go shopping next weekend.” After a moment of silence, he added, “Do you want to come?”
The second time, he had brought his copy of Slaughterhouse-Five and when their conversation had slipped into a relaxed silence, he had begun reading it to Cas.
“Hang on,” he said, using a hand to steady the omega’s hip to keep him from trying to fuck back against him. “Let me see that hole of yours.”
Maybe once the curse was broken, he could try to seduce Dean and they could continue sleeping together for… not-scientific reasons.
“Yeah, whatever,” Dean said and turned around to leave. He certainly wouldn’t be begging. If Cas had decided he didn’t like him anymore, Dean couldn’t care less. “It’s been real,” he called over his shoulder, and he hoped he sounded as calm as Cas had.
But now? He didn’t always feel like masturbating and collecting his slick at the same time, but now he even had a
The sigh might be disappointment. It might also be indifference or code for ‘Do you have to waste more of my time?’ No telling with his nose as useless as it was.
“I didn’t want to hook up for sex,” Dean clarified. He had thought that would be obvious, seeing as Cuddlimeet made a huge deal out of the fact that it was all supposed to be platonic.
It wasn’t easy, especially because he found himself back in that damned maze. But he was determined; his nose had locked on to that scent and he followed it until he found his omega again at last. Finally, he could sink back into the cushions with a sigh and hold on to him, just in case the omega tried to leave him once more.
Another nightmare had woken Cas up and he’d turned on the lights to ensure that it really had just been a bad dream. That he had made it out of there and was free. That Mike and his alphas couldn’t get to him here.
After a while, the position became too difficult to uphold and they collapsed in a pile of limbs, Dean on top of him.
It never took long until he’d caught an omega’s eye. Flirting came easy to him, even if it was just smiling at some omega over his beer with a nod or raising his eyebrows in a silent question of ‘wanna get out of here?’
More of a surprise: The fact that Jimmy watching him had done way more for Dean than pushing his dick into an omega’s tight, wet heat and smelling that slick.
Before he could say anything, however, Cas declared, “I’m tired. I don’t like conflict and fighting with you is exhausting.”
Oh. He was questioning Castiel’s species. Right. He did look rather human. Showing Dean the shadows of his wings should take care of that. He couldn’t help showing off by adding some lightning to the mix. That ought to convince the alpha (and maybe impress him a little bit too).
They mostly ate in silence after that, Dean probably plotting his next move, Castiel trying to figure out what that next move might be. The alpha definitely seemed deep in thought. He was plotting something all right. If only Castiel were able to read minds. He had heard of witches who had that power.
Then, the alpha proceeded to unclothe too, putting his trench coat and suit (who was wearing a suit to a club like this anyway?!) on a chair next to Dean’s.
Dean didn’t seem to mind, though, as he just kissed back, traced Castiel’s lower lip with his thumb, scented his neck, licked it for good measure, and then kissed him
Instead of thrashing about, Jimmy was now clutching at him like a lifeline. And that’s when Dean caught a whiff of something. Something underneath the alpha’s scent.
Cas sat down next to him, still a bit embarrassed in that adorably awkward way of his that only made Dean smile wider.
Cas would have loved nothing more than to take Dean up on the implicit offer to scent him—but then Dean would have scented back and it was about time to apply the alpha scent again. It wasn’t like his real scent should be scentable again, but the alpha scent should be reapplied regularly just in case. It would no doubt arouse suspicion if his scent lost some of its earthy alphaness.
Unfortunately, Cas didn’t seem particularly happy when Dean arrived for their first official session. Sam had warned him that Cas didn’t think highly of alpha scent therapy. Apparently, the omega had hoped for an easier solution. Surgery wasn’t an option, though, since it could lead to Cas losing his sense of smell permanently, which was why Sam had been able to convince him to give scent therapy a try.
Cas still wasn’t saying anything, which meant that it was up to Dean to fumble his way through expressing… words and… feelings and… stuff on his own, which he was completely useless at. But for Cas, he’d give it a shot.
Cas blinked at him, but didn’t say anything for a few long seconds. “What about the private investigator?” he finally asked.
“Yeah, I’ll stay,” Cas replied sleepily, even though it didn’t make a lot of sense. Dean was the one who was in
He was about to tell Dean that he should call another omega service. Only, the next one was operating out of Colorado and they surely wouldn’t be able to send an omega sooner than 8 p.m.
, I’m just…” He trailed off, trying to figure out what it was exactly that he was doing. “Okay, maybe I’m
Deciding to take a peek at what was going on, he realized Dean was practically sprawled on top of him, his arm securely wrapped around Cas’ midsection and a leg thrown across his thighs, pinning him in place in a protective way that made Cas’ omega jump with joy on the inside.
“Don’t forget to text me,” Dean reminded him. “Even if it worked. I’d like to know if I have a pup out there somewhere.”
Until then, he got into the habit of jacking off as often as Gabe called him up with the news that he had another bottle ready to be picked up.
was the one to initiate most of their impromptu chases around the gym. Some part of him wanted Dean to catch him, but of course every time Dean did catch up to him, he would just tap him on the shoulder and give him a grin and a head start for the next round.
“Could have said something sooner,” Dean grumbled, but from then on, he did call ahead when he wanted to stop by.
It was just that he kept wondering what Dean’s lips would taste like. Okay, at this point probably more like Castiel’s slick than anything else since Dean couldn’t get enough of it and kept eating him out whenever he got the chance. He enjoyed making Castiel come on just his tongue before plunging his dick back into his ass.
Castiel hadn’t been aware they had been playing for points. But maybe he could use that to his advantage since his omega really wanted Dean to stick around for his heat.
Why did Dean have to be so sweet and caring?! Alphas weren’t supposed to be like that! This was dangerous territory. His omega was actually starting to feel taken care of. More than that, he felt safe and protected in Dean’s presence. He should not have let himself fall asleep at Dean’s place.
instinct. Alphas shouldn’t submit by baring their necks. They only did that in one case: when they invited an omega to place a mating bite on them.
His mate’s thumb was lazily rubbing small circles on the bare skin of his stomach where Cas’ shirt had been lifted up to expose his tummy.
Thinking about the hug and the strange (but very welcome) sensations that came with it, Dean didn’t fall asleep until the early hours of the morning. Luckily, it was Sunday and he could sleep in, so he didn’t think much of it.
“Don’t worry, these sigils keep out anyone who wants to do me harm.” When Dean didn’t say anything, he hastened to add, “Not that you would be worried about me. I just meant…”
of another alpha for days ’cause all you’re gonna be thinking of is my huge prick splitting you open and pounding you into the mattress.”
Once, Dean had been up in the middle of the night and gone to the kitchen for a snack. Even though it had been 3 AM, the lights had been on at Jimmy’s house. What were the odds that the other alpha had also gone for a midnight snack?
“Dude!” Sam was choking on his own beer. Served him right. Dean had tried using euphemisms, after all. “Are you asking me for advice on your sex life? ’Cause I don’t need that image in my head. What you and Cas do behind closed doors is your own business.”
Sure, Dean wished Jimmy would have felt safe enough with him to tell him instead of Dean having to scent it out of him, but he couldn’t even begin to imagine the prejudice Jimmy had to have faced just because of who he was, and it certainly didn’t make Dean
with all the attention Dean focused on his scent gland. It certainly did not help with his confusing dreams about the alpha.
He swallowed those words and kissed Dean instead, knowing full well that this might be one of the last kisses they shared.
Another punishing thrust had Cas wince underneath him, and Dean realized that he had lost count of how many times he had taken the omega this way.
But he hadn’t had to go through a heat without an alpha in so long that he had forgotten that that wasn’t a picnic either. All his omega wanted was to have Dean’s hands back on his body, rubbing lotion all over him. Maybe not just over his back. Maybe his hands would dip lower, reach around and… do other stuff.
A weird look flitted across Dean’s face then, but the next second, he was leaning back on his elbows, turning his attention to the moon again. Ignoring Castiel’s great opening, he still didn’t admit anything, even though he had been the one to bring up the issue of pretending to be someone you were not.
Cas’ whole face lit up at that. Huh. Dean had never considered that Cas might be as unsure about human customs as Dean was about cuddlibi ones.
The slick had helped get him through his rut, leaving his alpha all satisfied because sliding his dick through the omega’s fresh slick felt so unbelievably good he could just imagine what it would feel like to fuck his hole for real.
There was no way Castiel could ask Sam to spend his weekend looking up legal precedents for him, but Sam was rather stubborn and in the end, Castiel agreed to come by on Sunday so that they could discuss his options.
“Listen, I was really drunk last night—” Dean started when Jimmy opened the door, then paused to scent the air. “Did you have an omega in there?” he asked, trying to look past Jimmy, who quickly stepped outside and left the door only slightly ajar.
Pretending to be real mates even in the bedroom with no one else around gave Castiel everything he wished for, at least for one night, and he would make the most of it.
Damn, but that omega was cute! And here Dean was, having indecent thoughts that were most definitely not part of their arrangement.
Jimmy had started it all off by offering him warm milk with honey. Since Jimmy kind of assumed that Dean had sleeping problems as well (and Dean didn’t exactly correct him), he couldn’t very well decline. Next thing he knew, he woke up in the morning on Jimmy’s couch to the scent of pancakes, maple syrup, and coffee, a blanket wrapped tightly around him.
“Thank you for the grooming,” he said because that was easier to put into words. “And the other things,” he added, hoping that Dean would know what he was referring to.
“I think we left the line in the dust a while ago.” Maybe the very first day Cas had timidly tried to scent him. Not really their fault, though. “Being so close all the time, something’s bound to develop.”
“Gabe, Dean. Dean, Gabe,” Cas said, remembering that formally introducing them was the right thing to do.
Dean, being a human, needed some instruction on how to properly groom an angel’s wings, but he caught on quickly and with each touch to his sensitive wings, Castiel felt more and more comfortable letting a human touch him in such an intimate way that was usually reserved for fellow angels.
Oh. Castiel’s omega didn’t like that image one bit. Was the alpha in bed with another omega right now? Were they
Dean slowed down and leaned in close to whisper another secret into Cas’ ear. It wasn’t like it was that big of a secret anymore, anyway. Cas had probably figured it out by now.
Dean sighed and then Castiel yelped when an arm was flung across his midsection and he was being pulled flush against the alpha’s side. He held himself perfectly still, hardly daring to breathe.
Dean didn’t have the heart to wake him up and so he just turned off the TV, turned his back to Cas and closed his eyes, letting sleep take him as well.
Professional or not, that just messed with his head. This was the kind of activity he’d engage in with an omega who was
“Of course, Dean.” There was something in Cas’ voice (and scent) that made Dean reach out to squeeze his shoulder.
If he was begging already (considering what else Dean had planned for him), Dean assumed he shouldn’t torture the guy too much, so he took the whole dick into his mouth and sucked hard. With one hand, he sought out Jimmy’s opening and started playing with it a bit, circling it a few times with one finger while making sure his touch was light and teasing.
Dean could easily out-stubborn him, though. “The guest gets the bed, them’s the house rules. ’Sides, my scent should be strongest there.”
Afterwards, he made sure that he kept touching and stroking the omega, giving the aftercare that was usually reserved for very rough fuckings. But Jimmy didn’t have the best experiences with alphas, so he had to make sure he was okay with what they had just done. Plus, he
Cas didn’t understand that reference, so he just looked at Dean for clues. When the alpha didn’t elaborate, he just went on to explain, “It allows for deeper penetration. Oh, and we should also make sure to provide a favorable angle for your sperm. But if I present right, I could push my ass up and you could fuck into it from above…” He showed a steep angle with his hand to illustrate his plan.
Dean’s hand had found its way to Castiel’s hip, where he stroked him absent-mindedly and pulled him closer. Castiel, in return, pulled Dean down because even if he couldn’t smell anything, this was what his omega desperately needed. His nose against Dean’s scent gland.
“I really need to fuck you right now,” Dean declared, voice deep and raspy, and that was all the warning Castiel got before he felt the alpha on him, pushing his cock inside of him with a low, possessive growl.
Two visits from Gabe in three days was unusual. Castiel buzzed him in, and the second Gabe stepped into his apartment, Castiel bared his throat and fought the urge to present.
With an alpha and an omega constantly touching, constantly exchanging hugs and kisses, it was only a matter of time before things would escalate.
“My bad. Must have confused it with some other article. I’ll look it up.” Sam shot Castiel one last reassuring look that said
“Oh, God yeah!” Dean said, sliding in and out of Castiel’s throat, occasionally panting, “Cas!” when he slid in especially deep.
Maybe. But there was nothing much Dean could do about that. Except Cas didn’t seem to agree, as he continued, “It would have more of your scent with you in it.”
For now, he popped the cap of the lube and squirted some onto his fingers before tossing the bottle aside. Time to get that alpha ready for another pounding. That’s what he got for cheating at an alpha fight.
Dean, apparently realizing what was going on, thrust up into him, into that very spot that made Cas bite his lips in a futile attempt to keep some of the more animalistic sounds in.
Both Castiel and the alpha ignored him completely as the alpha took a few quick steps to him so that he could push his nose against his scent gland and inhale deeply.
Unfortunately, it was already rather late. Any second now, Cas would get dressed, even though they’d meet up again the very next day since it was Saturday.
“Don’t worry, I’m sure he’ll pay attention to you again, soon,” Charlie’s voice startled him out of his thoughts.
The sound of the doorbell ringing interrupted him. Putting the pen aside for the moment, he went to open it, a bit annoyed that he got interrupted before he had been able to come up with a solution to his problem.
It took a great deal of effort, but finally, Cas managed to withdraw and put a little bit of distance between them on the couch.
He’d never wanted to be tied down. He’d never even thought about mating, settling down, having pups. That just wasn’t his style.
The chapter on pregnancy heat had stressed that the alpha should make the omega feel wanted and loved. That’s why, once his alpha’s urges were satisfied after the first round, Dean let some of his true feelings shine through, looking Cas deep in the eyes when he sank into him the next time.
Cas sighed and sat down on his bed. He had made a complete fool of himself in front of both Dean and Benny. Some ‘alpha’ he was, being scared out of his mind because of a role play scenario.
“As long as you’re processing it here,” Jimmy replied, resting his head on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean was glad to smell that his apprehension was receding.
Cas was definitely weird—that much wasn’t news—but strangely enough, it was the kind of weird that fit right in with
him goodbye. Tongue and all. Unfortunately, that left his omega riled up and desperate for another round of heat sex with this alpha.
“You will do no such thing,” Jimmy replied calmly, and just when Dean was about to jump out of bed because he couldn’t just lie here when there were monsters to kill, he took Dean’s head between his hands and held his gaze. “We will let the authorities handle it. It’s their job.” His hands fell away from Dean’s face to worm their way around his midsection instead, holding on to him and thus keeping his restless alpha from leaving the bed.
Dean quickly shook his head in an attempt to get rid of those images. He really shouldn’t be thinking about his neighbor like that. Even though Jimmy was the most handsome alpha he had ever seen (objectively speaking, not that he looked at alphas like that, Dean was omegasexual through and through).
scent, not just in gray tones, but the full spectrum, a scent you couldn’t get enough of, and lips, soft against his own.
Dean’s expression was carefully blank, but Cas had known him for a long time and he could read the confusion and… was that hurt? in his eyes regardless.
still early. He still had time to make the alpha aware of his issues later. With that thought, Cas let himself be even more vulnerable and drift off.
Dean pushed Cas’ legs apart, leaving him completely exposed, and marveled at the sight. Delicious cock on its way to full hardness? Check. Pink hole just waiting to be creampied by Dean? Double check. (And,
At that moment, Zachariah burst through the door once more, this time accompanied by an alpha in a lab coat who was holding a medical bag.
His knot had formed, so he drove his still-hard dick into the omega a few more times until his knot caught and his cock was spurting inside of Jimmy once more, adding to the spunk he had already deposited in his hole.
Dean’s confrontational tone made him want to sit up, but it took him two attempts to get his back propped up against the headboard of the bed, and even then only when Dean grudgingly helped him.
He had learned a trick or two while cuddling with Cas, too, and knew just the right kind of touch Cas enjoyed.
As soon as Castiel knocked on the door, he was yanked inside, and Dean was all over him, pinning him against the wall and scenting at his throat.
“It’s helping my heat,” was the only explanation Cas had to give—which was kind of a carte blanche for him from here on out.
They were silent for a moment, but it wasn’t a silence charged with tension. Not quite a comfortable silence either, but on its way there.
Although he had never considered that the alpha might just… be there for him, preventing any pining feelings that might arise. He was pretty sure that Dean wouldn’t just mate him and leave him to his own devices. No, with Dean, for the first time, mating didn’t seem like something to be avoided at all costs.
Cas didn’t seem to appreciate the compliment, though. “Would you get on with it? I thought you were in rut.”
He saw red (probably quite literally) as his alpha was taking over, and he rushed home, red traffic lights be damned.
This got Jimmy to lift his head from where it was resting on his chest in order to look at him with a frown on his face. “Did you not pay attention when I told you that I don’t have a stalker ex-boyfriend?”
On some level, Cas had feared that the alpha might change his mind when he met Cas. He tended to say the wrong thing at the wrong time, and there had to be mutual attraction if they wanted to make a pup.
They ended up knotted in bed again. Last time, he had basically jumped out of bed the moment Dean’s knot had gone down. His strong reaction to the alpha had been new and confusing, and while it was still both those things, he knew that it would be easier on his omega if he kept Dean around for a while.
In reality, he knew he’d fuck him hard and fast—there was no place for ‘gentle’ when two alphas were going at it—but by that time, the alpha would be begging for it. A hard fuck was just what this alpha needed to appreciate his position in the rank order.
It wasn’t like he had the slightest chance with him anyway. There was no way he could tell Dean that he was an omega, and Dean was only interested in omegas. There. Case closed. Cas would have to keep pretending to be an alpha, regularly applying the alpha scent, so that Dean would never even suspect—
It started with a guttural moan that broke off when the omega probably realized that he was making what he considered too much noise.
“I am,” Dean replied, his eyes drawn to Cas’ lower lip that was red and glistening from where he had bitten it moments before.
Balthazar had just been about to leave after checking in on him, and he stopped dead in his tracks. “That won’t be possible,” he said slowly. “No one can know your identity.”
Only when Dean was gone did Cas realize that in all the hassle, he had forgotten to pay him, and Dean hadn’t mentioned the money, either. Cas wouldn’t even know how much he owed him anyway. It wasn’t like he had asked him to stay the night…
Cas was still babbling, “Please!” and “Dean!” and “I need—” when Dean got rid of their clothes with minimal help from Cas, who didn’t have much experience getting in and out of clothes since he relied on his grace to keep them and himself clean.
For the first time while cuddling together in Dean’s bed, there was no nervous energy about Cas at all. Seemed like Dean had finally found a way to keep him at ease.
had helped bring Dean to orgasm, which was an exciting thought. Plus, he found that he quite enjoyed being scent-marked that way. They should do this more often. He wouldn’t have even minded a ‘big taste,’ as Dean had called it, and he was a bit disappointed that he hadn’t gotten it.
There really was a 9-1-1 dispatcher on the line—it was definitely no joke Cas was trying to play on him. From what Dean could gather, Cas had freaked out because after he had poked Dean, all Dean had done was roll over and keep snoring. (He so didn’t snore.)
, but there were just as many where the omega was the only one wearing a mating bite (and only very few where the alpha was the only one).
Obviously, Dean still needed him to lift the curse. Which meant that for tonight, at least, he was safe. Tomorrow, he could come up with a plan…
He buried his face in Dean’s neck and inhaled—not really scenting him, just inhaling Dean’s scent via his scent gland. Yeah, who was he kidding, he was totally scenting him. But just for a second. Just because his omega really needed it right then.
“Maybe we shouldn’t,” Sam said, and immediately, all eyes turned to him. “She wants to come back to life, right? We should let her. Once she’s flesh and blood again, she can also be killed.”
Cas had stared at the screen unblinkingly with a curious fascination. Nothing gay about that at all.
“So,” he concluded, “if you want to try this out with someone else—you know, someone you’re closer to…”
kind of real, I guess. In the way that… you know. My feelings were. So, whatever happened or will happen, whatever Sam has figured out… It doesn’t matter because I know we’re good together and you’ve made me happier than I’ve ever been. And I think I can make you pretty damn happy, too. So… Will you mate me? For real, I mean.”
Now, out of heat and with a clearer mind, Cas couldn’t believe what he’d done. Of course, that’s when he got a text from Dean asking if he was still in rut. Cas debated lying to delay the inevitable awkward encounter, but he had enough things he was lying to Dean about. No need to add more lies to it than absolutely necessary.
There was no way to guarantee scent compatibility when choosing an alpha based on his file, but as soon as Cas caught a trace of Dean’s scent, he knew that he didn’t need to worry about that. Alphas tended to smell too strong and pungent to him, but Dean? Cas could imagine spending all day in bed doing nothing but scenting him.
He had started out playing with Charlie, but she was already so much farther than him. Then he had tried it on his own for a while, but that hadn’t worked all that well either because the game was designed so that alphas and omegas had to work together.
And right now, Dean would give about anything to lean in and get a taste from that scent gland first-hand.
who’s pregnant.” When Cas’ eyebrows went up at that, he quickly amended, “I mean, yeah, it’s you who’s pregnant, but, I mean, there are instinct… things going on with me, too, and the thought of some other alpha touching your belly with my pup inside…” Dammit, he was not explaining this right. Cas wasn’t very helpful, just squinting at him with a slightly tilted head. “I might have gotten a bit territorial. Which, by the way, the book says is perfectly normal behavior for the pup’s alpha.”
being teased like that. The tongue would lap at his hole, dip deep into it just to retreat a moment later. Then a finger was there again, pushed into his ass to seek out all the right buttons and—Cas just couldn’t take it anymore.
The next day was kind of spent in limbo. Cas’ heat was only due the day after, but you could never know. It could be a day early or a day late.
Instead, Dean grazed it lightly with his fingers, teasing it a bit because he knew how much Cas loved that. Massaging it oh so gently had the omega squirm, not with a sexual need, but with a need to be cuddled properly. By now, Dean knew all of his ‘cuddle me’ poses and he made sure to hug and cuddle the crap out of him whenever he gave Dean that special look.
Still, when they saw a shooting star, he kept his wish to himself. Not that he was superstitious, but if you wanted a wish to come true, you weren’t supposed to say it out loud, that’s just how it worked.
Since he loved having his cock massaged by the trembling inner walls of an omega coming on his cock, he began playing with Cas’ desperate dick once more. There was nothing quite like the grip of an orgasming asshole, and Dean was determined to experience that with Cas.
“Sure. So, does that mean we can finally scent each other again? ’Cause I gotta say, my alpha has really missed scenting the crap out of his scent-bond partner.”
He tried to chase these thoughts away and just enjoy his grooming buddy’s hands sliding through his feathers.
His omega finally had enough after having been suppressed for too long. Throwing caution to the wind, he went full on omega display of submission, baring his neck even further and showing Dean his belly in the hopes he might put his hand there and scratch it.
Cas hadn’t been able to think of anything other than The Kiss all day. He had learned from Dean that alphas were rather touchy-feely—hugging, squeezing each other’s shoulders, even kissing each other’s cheeks.
Dean slammed his eyes shut and groaned. It was all he could do to hold still. One big whiff at his balls had him clutch at the bedspread, anything he could reach to just hold on to.
Of course, there was no touching between them of any kind when anyone else was in the same room. But as soon as they were alone, all bets (and clothes) were off.
Instead of answering his very valid question as to why the alpha was hitting the omega, Dean had yelled at him for forgetting the rule about knocking. Humans were easily embarrassed about nakedness, Castiel had learned that much already.
Anna had told him that before, but she was mated to a cuddlibus, so what did she know about humans and their cuddle customs?
Before Cas had gotten to know him, he might have been fooled by Dean’s smile and casual pose, but now, he could see the signs of embarrassment.
He had chosen the one where he was wearing his old ‘I wuv hugz’ shirt. It had been sort of a joke, but it turned out that it had served him well. Next to the picture, it said, ‘species: human’ and underneath, he had written ‘searching for a cuddlibus to cuddle all night long.’
Score. Dean bit his lip in a flirtatious manner that had gotten him lucky plenty of times in the past, and said, “Suits you.”
Things got a bit chaotic then. Castiel attempted to leave, but of course, the newcomers were curious and introductions had to be made.
When Dean looked at him with raised eyebrows, he quickly covered for his mistake by saying, “I’m not a ‘typical’ alpha,” using air quotes for good measure.
So, when the alpha had started touching him with more intent, it was really no wonder that Cas’ omega had been done for.
Once the pups were in bed, Anna started interrogating him, and he gave in and told her why he was here.
Still, knots were supposed to form when an alpha’s cock was snug inside an omega’s slick-coated asshole. Cas’ cock had been nowhere
First, when he had picked up on that scent again in the diner, things had felt right for the first time in days. His headache he hadn’t even been aware of had gone away, and the whole trip to Pontiac had suddenly seemed like the best idea he’d ever had.
This was one of those lazy Saturdays. They’d already had their round of steamy sex and the subsequent shower together, so there was no sense of urgency to their cuddling, nothing it had to lead up to.
So it was no wonder that Castiel had gotten complacent. After all, Dean’s touches were a lot more nutritious than anyone else’s due to how much he meant to Castiel. Having access to such a great source of cuddles and then suddenly going cold turkey was hard.
The next time the tip of Dean’s cock nudged at his hole, it slipped inside, his slick providing the perfect lubrication. Cas tried to push his ass back in an attempt to take his dick deeper, but Dean chuckled and held him in place, pushing his torso down with a hand between his shoulder blades, so that only Cas’ ass remained raised, ready to be taken.
When he came back home, he was looking forward to making up with Cas, which might mean that they could pretend-cuddle again. It should maybe worry him that he was more excited about that prospect than he had been about having sex with some omega.
It seemed like he had to take matters into his own hands. Wriggling around some, he managed to make his shirt ride up a bit.
His omega had gone and fallen in love with this alpha, the father of his pup, who, according to their contract, was supposed to be nothing but the sperm donor.
“Cas!” Dean interrupted his babbling. “You’re right. Go get your stuff. There’s plenty of room in my bed.”
Unfortunately, Jimmy didn’t seem to agree. He rolled his eyes, although Dean liked to believe it was a fond eye-roll. “You’re drunk.” He took the last sip of his beer as well, but before Dean could assure him that he was a bit tipsy at best, he added, “It’s late. You should better go to bed.”
All Dean could do was pull him snug against his side and scent him in the hope that this way, Jimmy wouldn’t see him blush.
He tried to keep his irregular breathing under control as to not tip Impala off to the fact that he had just had an orgasm from watching Impala’s alpha fuck his omega.
Jimmy just pretended Dean hadn’t seen anything and Dean was okay to go along with the whole not-talking-about-it approach since he had no idea what to say anyway.
Castiel didn’t have time to protest, his niece and nephew already came running in, basically throwing themselves on him. His brother-in-law joined them shortly after and they all held onto each other in a big family group hug.
“Oh no!” Cas quickly said when he followed the alpha’s line of sight to the handcuffs that were still dangling stubbornly from the bedpost. “Those aren’t mine!”
Another thrust in combination with a nibble on Cas’ neck did the trick: Cas was coming undone underneath him. Dean closed his eyes as his nostrils filled with the most arousing scent.
They lay like that for a while, neither of them speaking, Cas with his face buried against Dean’s neck, and Dean’s hand still resting gently against the back of the omega’s head, keeping him there.
Huh. Seemed like Castiel didn’t have the same hang-ups about scenting strangers. Dean was about to return the favor and scent back when Castiel tore himself away from his neck and took a quick step back, looking horrified.
Dean was too tense to relax. His knot was squished uncomfortably in his jeans, and he had no idea if Cas could scent his post-orgasmic hormones.
“What? No, I don’t either!” Dean hurried after him so that he could explain, “C’mon, it’s just an alpha thing. We do it all the time.”
There was really nothing Castiel could do but pretend to be asleep until he fell asleep again for real.
Dean quickly got out as well and followed Cas to the front door where the omega was fiddling with his keys, back turned to him.
When Cas had thought about what this self-defense lesson would be like, he had imagined Dean showing him how to block an attack and maybe where to best hit his opponent. What he hadn’t expected, however, was that he would end up all sweaty and gross.
That was just the right thing to say as Cas felt his stomach tense with arousal, his ass slicking in anticipation.
“So,” Dean continued, “I think I should be honest here about my alpha’s needs too. Now that you’re wearing my claiming bite and all. So… thing is… my alpha would really like to spoil you a bit. You know, show you what a great mate he’d make for your omega? If you could just indulge him…?”
And when Cas started moaning “Yes! Dean! Harder!” even though Dean was already fucking him pretty damn hard, he let his rut take over and began jackhammering into him until Cas couldn’t form words anymore and was just squirming on his cock, which was just what Dean’s alpha wanted.
As he climbed into the nest, he remembered that Dean had ordered ‘the full package.’ Suddenly, he didn’t mind his role as a rut companion so much, but couldn’t wait to find out what that entailed.
There was some background noise—Ryan kept urging him on, but Dean was ignoring him, completely focused on Jimmy and the face he made when he came. Seconds later, Dean exploded into the condom with the inexplicable urge to bite down on Jimmy’s neck, even though the other alpha was one house over and an omega was right there in front of him.
And that’s when things clicked into place and his mental Dean-to-witch dictionary had finally translated what was going on here. The conclusion was easy: “The potion was for Becky so that she’d fall out of love with Sam.”
That would explain why Dean was left brokenhearted. Castiel should have been notified of that, but he hadn’t been able to concentrate on work too well lately. There was the slight possibility that he might have made a mistake and overlooked it.
“Oh, here he comes,” Gabe interrupted him, nodding towards Dean who had just entered the shop and was heading towards them. “Enjoy!” And with that, Gabe sauntered away, greeting Dean on the way out.
Inside, the cabin was quaint and cozy, a lovers’ nest designed to offer omegas in heat comfort. There was a fireplace in front of a love seat with fluffy pillows and soft blankets. The rustic wooden cabinets in the kitchen were filled with everything they might need so that they wouldn’t have to leave the cabin once his heat hit.
Pondering that fact, Dean realized that he hadn’t had sex since this whole thing with Cas had started. That was a long time for him to go without, but scenting Cas really was better than having sex with any other omega, so Dean’s alpha was satisfied.
As Cas lapped his cock clean, making pleased noises, Dean wanted nothing more than to tell him his biggest secret. He couldn’t, of course, but his post-orgasmic brain had trouble remembering why.
Dean made bets with himself on how obvious he could get before Cas caught on. So far, “I like your reading glasses. They make you look sexy.” had gotten him nothing but a head tilt and a “Thank you.”
“Wow.” Someone sure had done a number on that omega, to make him that cynical. “First the threat to call the cops, now the background check… You really went all out to make sure I don’t murder you, huh?”
The first few months went by quickly. Cas would have thought that time would stand still and he’d just wait around for his handler to tell him one day that—as if by magic—Mike had been put away and he could try to lead a normal life. But so far, Balthazar had just checked in to see how he was adapting to his new life.
“Cas, let go of me!” the alpha ordered, an urgent tone to his voice as he tried to fight against his magic to break free. In vain, of course. Castiel had the supermoon’s power behind him, after all.
Once inside, Castiel busied himself preparing a calming tea, hoping Dean might not bring up his vision.
It didn’t help that Amelia always wanted to talk about his inability to pop a knot. The doctor had said that there was nothing physically wrong with him and he should be able to knot an omega—but it just never happened. Castiel had no problem with that—he certainly didn’t feel like less of an alpha because of it—but Amelia came up with strange ideas she found online like knot massages or using additional slick… All of which just made Castiel uncomfortable.
“Okay,” Castiel found himself saying. This time, it wouldn’t really be such a hardship. He had already started slicking a bit because of that mouth-watering alpha scent—which was horrifying because his
It was a lot easier to climb out of the window than it was to climb back in, as it seemed, because Dean had some trouble and needed Cas’ help until he finally tumbled onto the bedroom floor with an ‘Oomph.’
Lying to your doctor was never a good idea, but maybe he could pass it off as having been done by a beta. Betas couldn’t mate alphas, could they?
“That’s normal,” Castiel was quick to inform Dean, trying to look over his shoulder to see Dean’s reaction. He knew that humans didn’t have uropygial glands, and what humans didn’t know, they more often than not considered weird. For some reason, he didn’t want Dean to think of his wings as something ‘weird.’
As short and innocent as the kiss had been, though, his omega immediately declared it the best ever.
“You would think so, wouldn’t you?” Dean retorted and proceeded to explain what was going on (only leaving out some of the cuddle details Sam would only make fun of him for).
“Dean… You have no idea how grateful I am. I mean, you didn’t sign up for any of this, but…” He trailed off and tried again after a moment, “Alphas probably can’t understand, but this pup is already a part of me and when I thought it was in danger, I… went a little crazy…”
Jimmy seemed to be one shy alpha. He had been careful to only get undressed once Dean had turned his back. Maybe he was hiding an embarrassing tattoo or something. Or maybe it was a bit weird for him, being into alphas and all. Who knew, maybe Jimmy found him attractive?
This was it for today. Dean would ask his questions, tick some boxes on his forms, and that would be the end of their session. It was getting late anyway.
“Right,” Cas said, but the post-orgasmic bliss was gone and Dean had the feeling he had said something wrong.
place, but up to and including his mating gland), they were already scent-bonded, and lately, Cas had started baring his neck as a sign of both trust and submission.
. He could stare into Dean’s kind eyes for hours. And when he did, he felt as if he was under the influence of drugs, giddy, excited, and as if he couldn’t get close enough.
Dean shot him a suspicious glance. Gabe wasn’t usually this nice. But maybe he sensed that you didn’t poke an alpha whose rut suppressants were about to wear off, so Dean did what he was told.
Dean was very patient, though. He never seemed disappointed. Granted, they had only been at it for a couple of weeks, but still, offering his services for scent therapy had to be very boring for him.
Dean was starting to feel rejected here. Jimmy had said he was in love with him too—so why was he so against doing everything they had to in order to stay together?
Castiel had a real knack for getting himself into difficult situations. The problem was, he wasn’t as good at getting out of them.
Castiel felt himself flush slightly. The alpha knew exactly what he had just been doing. He probably didn’t know that Castiel was sitting in his bed with his laptop, wearing nothing but a towel, though. There was no point in getting dressed when he was in heat. After all, he’d have to get undressed again soon enough, and his clothes would end up ruined. Getting slick out of your pants wasn’t easy.
So, how exactly had he ended up living next door to an alpha of all people? Someone in the FBI had clearly screwed up when he had chosen his new living arrangements. At least the alpha scent he had to apply to cover his own was top quality. So, Dean or his friends should have no reason to doubt that he wasn’t what he said he was.
That thought awakened the alpha inside him who simply couldn’t wait for Cas to go into heat so that he’d get to breed him. He couldn’t wait until he had Cas hanging off his knot, belly heavy with his seed.
he’d even get paid for it, while at the same time, he’d give the omega what he or she wanted. And of course, his alpha would be appeased for having been allowed to breed an omega. Win-win-win.
Dean should really keep his mouth shut. He had just managed to keep Cas from freaking out. Talking about sex while lying next to your scenting buddy who had just told you that he didn’t enjoy sex seemed like a horrible idea.
Only, it wasn’t. The following appointments went by without so much as a slight tilt of the neck. Cas seemed dead-set on ignoring Dean’s invitation to bare his throat whenever.
He should better get to work on that claiming hickey on Dean’s neck, just so that everyone else knew that this alpha was taken too.
Still, this game could get way more explicit as Dean had found out when he had done some research. He now knew some keyboard shortcuts that would have been great if he had known about last time, like how to zoom in on the… uhm… action. Apparently, he could have watched his wolf’s cock slide in and out of Bees’ ass and his come splatter against Bees’ inner walls.
love supermoons. Usually, he’d bathe naked in the clear emerald pool of a nearby cave only he knew about, drawing magic from the elements to replenish his powers.
in return for the simple fact that he didn’t have any. But maybe his hair? Hadn’t he heard something about humans braiding each other’s hair? That was probably what human grooming buddies did.
After a while, the trembling stopped completely and the scent of omega in agony was getting less pungent and was replaced by Cas’ sweet scent.
Cas tilted his head to the side and squinted at him all intensely with that weird trying-to-figure-him-out look.
“Dean—I need you to do what you did before,” Cas finally said when Dean just continued giving him hickeys. His wings flapped helplessly, but Dean had him pinned down good, completely at his mercy.
At first, he had to bury his nose in Jimmy’s scent gland to try and get a whiff of his real scent, but the more time passed, the more the fake alpha scent wore off and Jimmy’s real scent started to drive him
“Oh, that was when I thought it would hurt.” Cas, as opposed to Dean, actually did sound casual. So they’d fucked? No big deal. “What you did felt amazing. As long as you don’t do the thing that hurts, I feel very comfortable about your penis in my ass.”
Back at his cabin, with Dean shuffling his feet in front of his door, probably about to say goodbye and be on his merry way, Castiel blurted out, “You haven’t even bitten me yet.”
The way he had reacted when he had found out that Castiel had been cautious in his presence betrayed his lie, though, so Castiel corrected him, “No, you didn’t.”
They were essentially back to the days when Dean had teased him by softly licking his mating gland, and while that felt great, Cas couldn’t help but wonder if maybe Dean was the one who was having second thoughts. After all, Cas had ruined the mood when he had unwittingly sabotaged their mating.
Castiel had never heard of any company in Iowa being sued because of mating fraud related issues, so he just stared back, unsure of what to say.
Jimmy quickly shoved the bottle into his pants pocket and asked, uncharacteristically harsh, “What are you doing with my enhancers?”
After a while, Cas was having another snack—Dean could tell because the nice tingly feeling was back—and finally, he started to feel a bit drowsy.
But of course, Jimmy didn’t realize that the teasing remark was meant to steer them away from this topic. He just looked at Dean all earnest and sincere and said, “Very much so.”
“So I picked up on your scent, big deal.” Dean rolled his eyes and muttered, “That’s what you get for trying to be friendly.”
Cas’ blush actually deepened at that. Act or not, it really made Dean want to ravish this (pretend) innocent omega and fuck him hard until that pretty hole was overflowing with his spunk.
That damn omega, his damn delicious scent and devastatingly handsome looks were going to be the death of him! Always up at the butt crack of dawn, jogging by his house in skin-tight shorts and waving at Dean who was just having his first cup of coffee on the patio. As if he didn’t know that it awakened Dean’s chasing instincts. Dean was still in the process of waking up here! No need to make his alpha go crazy with the urge to run after him!
“All the more reason to stop,” Cas said, and he was finally looking at Dean, but somehow, that wasn’t an improvement. There was an almost detached look on his face. He seemed dead set on cutting all ties, even though he hadn’t even brought it up in forever. This came out of nowhere.
The scent of the omega slick was obviously doing the trick. Dean was turned on like crazy, which meant his alpha had to be convinced he was about to fuck an omega.
Dean, on the other hand, was being weird. They’d be walking to the grocery store and Dean’s hand would brush against Cas’. The next second, the alpha would snatch his hand away to scratch his nose, knead his neck, and let his arm fall down to his side again, close to Cas’.
Cas looked at him for a moment longer before finally stepping back. “Humans don’t usually stand this close to each other,” he said.
So for now, he tried to enjoy the feelings Cas had awakened in him, and make the most of kissing every inch he could reach. And if he lingered on Cas’ mating gland—well, then that was just because Cas had invited him to with all the neck baring…
“Get your own damn milk!” Dean growled and shut the door in his face just in time before his alpha could tackle that omega to the ground and have his way with him.
His whole body was on fire and still, inexplicably, it was craving for more. His movements turned more desperate in an attempt to give his omega what he truly wanted, whatever that was.
Benny was one of the gentlest alphas Dean knew and he wouldn’t hurt a fly. He was pretty sure Jimmy knew that as well, but something had to have spooked him.
Since he had the go-ahead, Castiel’s fingers fumbled with Dean’s fly until the button popped open and then he quickly slid the zipper down. Finally, he pushed Dean’s pants down and his cock sprang free from its confinements.
He might have to take a quick peek himself. Just a quick trip down to Earth to observe this strange alpha in his natural habitat. Dean wouldn’t even know that he was there. Field research. Yes, that sounded like a foolproof plan.
The last time Dean had tried his hand at witchcraft, the potion had exploded in his face and his whole room had been full of hundreds of orchids and lilies. He had brought them by Castiel’s shop for weeks after the incident because Dean wasn’t a flower guy, whereas Castiel liked being surrounded by living things he didn’t need to talk to.
He chose ‘hug’ because that seemed most innocent, and watched his alpha get up from his bed and walk over to Bees’—and promptly get into bed with him, hugging him from behind.
That was fine. That was exactly what Dean had agreed to when he had signed up for the fertility ranch.
Cas had never felt so good and cared for in his entire life. Still half asleep, eyes closed, he instinctively searched for his mate’s scent gland and took in a deep breath of the addictive scent.
He didn’t really seem inclined to get up to help, which was just fine by Dean. Who wanted help scenting bottles of slick to see which one would catch his alpha’s interest? But he was the only customer here, so the beta had probably locked on to him because of that.
He really didn’t have the energy to deal with Gabe’s shenanigans right now. What self-respecting bird would talk to Gabe of all angels? And what did a dog have to do with any of it?
“Nothing to apologize for. Now we know what we have to work with.” Dean smiled at him, but Castiel couldn’t return it. He might have gotten his hopes up. Dean’s optimism had to have rubbed off on him, and he had hoped for… something.
Great. Now he had probably insulted him. How were you supposed to know whether to tip an alpha from an alpha service?!
Great. This would totally derail their plans. Instead of continuing on their path, they’d have to find a safe place for Dean to spend his rut.
There was a moment when it seemed like Cas would try to argue with him, but then he said, “Thank you, Dean.” The apprehensive scent was making way for a sheepish one. “I know I’m being unreasonable…”
He had developed a system to cheat that point in a way, anyway. Since he was allowed to nibble on Cas’ scent gland according to their scent bond agreement, he could sneak in some feather-light kisses to the omega’s neck, barely there and then gone again, which served to placate his alpha.
“I don’t know,” Dean finally said. The mumble was accompanied by a shoulder shrug that almost dislodged Castiel’s mouth from the scent gland. “It’s my scent. I’m not really aware of it or anything.” Before Castiel could point out that this was the most unsatisfying answer he had ever heard, Dean added, “Why don’t you find out for yourself?”
Not that he’d do that to poor, unsuspecting Cas, who wasn’t aware of what his instincts were making him do. Who had no idea that all Dean’s alpha could think about was
Dean had the huge alpha pinned in under ten minutes. This was his favorite part. This was why he had broken his rules and driven all the way back here, even though it had been merely
Since Dean appeared to be mad at him and probably wouldn’t want to touch any part of him, much less his wings, Castiel quickly retreated back to heaven.
There was a beat of silence. Dean’s alpha had been appeased when he had come inside of Cas, but the fact that he hadn’t been allowed to knot the omega was making him restless.
Yes, that was one horny alpha erection, ready for a nice ass fuck. Castiel’s hole started slicking in anticipation.
Dean chocked on his beer and had to cough a few times before he could answer. “Of course not! I won, that’s all.”
ring?” It was like the words had finally reached his brain with some delay. He should probably have listened more closely before, but his brain had been flooded with a lot of information in such a short period of time and he was still in the process of sorting through it all.
They’d kissed a lot, ever since this whole thing had started. But this kiss felt like more. It was a promise of what was to come. Something that might eventually lead to the moment he had witnessed in a vision. A bite that was so much more than ‘just a little nibble.’ A bite that was, indeed, of great import.
But Cas just reached out and gently pressed two fingers to his forehead. After no more than a couple of seconds, he lowered his hand again, severing the contact.
The alpha shuddered in response. Dean probably had a first-timer here if the nervous scent was anything to go by. For a second, Dean thought that maybe he’d back out (at this point, the alpha who had lost was technically still allowed to call it off), but then the scent of alpha arousal hit his nose. Yeah, this alpha needed to get fucked just as much as Dean needed to fuck him.
“I need you, pretty, pretty, pretty please! I don’t know what else to do! I just got another request from an omega whose heat hit unexpectedly and all my alphas are out on assignments… Can you jump in, just this once?”
Their first ‘scenting appointment’ took place on a Friday night, which gave Dean the perfect excuse as to why he couldn’t hit the bars with his alpha friends. Not that there was anything wrong with hanging out with them—sometimes he just preferred a quiet night in.
Cas blinked open one eye and then opened them both when he saw Dean waving Cas’ cell phone in his face with a new message from Balthazar.
Jimmy tensed all of a sudden as if he felt the eyes on him and shot a look over his shoulder at Dean, who was just standing there, staring. They held each other’s gaze for a moment, and then Jimmy scrambled to cover up and get dressed.
“What?” Dean stopped mid-chew and put his burger down. Since when was Jimmy dating anyone? Surely, he would have told Dean if there was some would-be alpha he was interested in, right? “He isn’t dating anyone!”
Dean’s favorite part of the day was, naturally, when they climbed into bed together and made each other feel good by scenting and nibbling on each other’s scent glands.
“But… angels don’t go into heat,” Castiel repeated what he had told Dean moments before. At the same time, his wings started itching again, longing for Dean’s touch, and there was a tingling warmth deep in his belly aching for Dean to… do something.
At first, all Dean had wanted to do was be there for Jimmy, calm him down, his protective instincts in overdrive—and the only way he had known how to do that was to let him scent Dean.
Castiel had long since stopped providing slick for the money. He had wanted to stop altogether a few times, but somehow, Gabe always convinced him to do it ‘just one more time.’ He was really getting too old for this, though. In his twenties, it hadn’t been much of a problem. Lots of slick production at that age, even when you were only slightly aroused.
“At first, I thought there’s no way I’d find someone because there are so many more humans on here than cuddlibi, but I’ve gotten
Obviously not if the narrowed eyes and stone cold expression were anything to go by. Maybe he should wear his ‘I wuv hugz’ shirt in Cas’ presence. Seemed to be a cuddlibi magnet.
After all, Castiel was right here—but apparently, not good enough for Dean who wanted to go out to find someone else to have intercourse with.
There was hardly any foreplay before Impala was fucking away at him. Castiel watched, fascinated, as his omega was being pounded into the ground by that unrealistically huge dick. Good thing Impala couldn’t smell how turned on he was…
Cas also slept on the couch from time to time when he had trouble falling asleep. Dean’s scent was usually all over it and it helped him calm down.
His alpha apparently didn’t agree. He’d been acting up, growling at other alphas unprovoked, wanting to hump every omega that crossed his path…
The combination of the alpha’s scent—close to rut!—and his eyes locking him in place was too much for Castiel’s omega. He just dropped the shirt and tilted his head to the side, offering his neck.
His sense of smell had always told him whether whoever he was talking to was angry with him, friendly, or hostile, sincere or disingenuous…
He could do nothing but scream in agony as his magic drained away, leaving him weak and writhing on the ground. Somewhere in his peripheral vision, he saw Dean fall to his knees as well since Castiel’s magic didn’t have a grip on him anymore.
A quick look at the clock told him that he still had about ten minutes left, so he turned around on his back and held onto Dean, pulling him back down on top of him, effectively ruining Dean’s shirt in the process. Good. His next client
Dean couldn’t keep the smile off his face. That was such a sweet thought, but… “Cas—you’re already making me feel so good, I doubt it would ever be possible to top that.” He took a deep breath. Here went nothing. “As a matter of fact, I feel really… matey with you.”
A prime example was Dean’s rumbling voice that sent vibrations throughout his body if he was close enough—which he was because the scenting position demanded it. Castiel could get lost in that voice.
“Yes. Yes, that helps,” he babbled as if Dean didn’t know that this was exactly what an omega in heat needed.
Somehow, his hand had ended up in Dean’s and the omega was now tugging on it to lead him into the living room.
“You can borrow one of my books if you want,” Cas offered, motioning to the wall that was lined with bookshelves full of what seemed like hundreds of books.
Dean’s alpha reacted instantly, following suit, crowding him against the side of the couch, and—yes! He tipped Castiel’s head to the side even more so that he could softly press his nose against the side of his neck.
Luckily, he still had some sand he had acquired from a friendly sandman lying around. He snatched the little spell bag out of the bottom drawer of his nightstand, took a handful of sand out and blew it in Dean’s face.
“Wanna stick around for morning sex?” Dean asked because he was logical like that and it made a lot more sense if he had Cas close by overnight in case he got horny again. Damn rut was only a few weeks away, so making decisions with his dick was par for the course.
“You forgot a few things at my place,” Cas said and held out a bag. Dean blinked at it, and his hand reached out to take it on autopilot. “I thought maybe you’d come back for them,” Cas continued. “Then I found your cell phone and I know you need at least
Unfortunately, Castiel wasn’t on top of his game just yet—all of his instincts were telling him to go bury his face in his human’s neck and scent him, and his mind was all foggy.
Since the omega appeared to be really proud that his ‘seduction’ had worked, Dean decided not to correct him by explaining that it had actually been the other way around. Instead, he just enjoyed their closeness, snuggling the omega for all he was worth.
Dean was casually leaning closer during their midnight talk so that Jimmy got a good whiff of content alpha scent, which was supposed to help omegas (and Dean assumed alphasexual alphas) fall asleep. The only light source was the soft light of a floor lamp, which had been dimmed so that it was hard to make out much. Dean also made sure he was keeping his voice level as he told Jimmy all about his day, trying to include the most boring facts.
“Okay, in that case…” Castiel went to his shelf with anti-curse lotions and picked out the correct one. Not that it was one for malfunctioning penises, mind you, but it should take care of the alpha’s problem anyway.
He went over to his desk to write something on a piece of paper. “I can prescribe you a cream for that, but it will only get rid of the symptoms temporarily. The best cure is some attention by your mate.”
But he wanted Dean to want it as much as he did. Not as a way to be prepared for his possible relocation. Certainly not if it meant putting Dean in danger.
Okay, that might be an embellishment. He had been told on many an occasion that he only ever saw the good in people, leaving him vulnerable to exploitation. As a young witch, he had been roommates with a reaper who had been plotting to kill him in his sleep.
Castiel didn’t really listen to him negotiate some sort of bizarre settlement deal on his behalf. He was busy freaking out about how to tell Dean that apparently, they weren’t faking or pretending anymore.
He probably shouldn’t have left for multiple days without an explanation. While he had warned Hannah about the power-sucking ghost, he hadn’t wanted to mention that he’d be staying with Dean. After all, his supernatural friends might not believe him that Dean was no danger to him.
Dean tried to talk Cas through the scenting process once more, but he only got a grumpy “I know how to scent, Dean!” for his efforts, so he just sat back, his neck bared for easier access, and let Cas figure out how best to scent him.
They were lying on their sides, facing each other, no space left between their upper bodies—luckily some space left between them underneath the blankets. (Yes, there were blankets. Cas had been a bit chilly. And Dean had to admit that it really was quite comfortable lying next to Cas, wrapped in blankets—warm and cozy.)
Last time, the scent had triggered his vision, so Castiel scooted closer and sought out Dean’s scent gland, softly brushing against it with his nose.
As if he would let another alpha stick his cock into Cas while his pup was inside of him. Yeah, fat chance of that happening.
Instinctively, he inched closer to Dean because he needed closeness right now, even though humans needed their personal space.
He reaches what he thinks is the right place around nightfall.  There’s a wide river separating rolling green hills from the flat fields of the side he is currently on.  In the distance, he can see the glow of lights, indicating that there’s at least a few buildings grouped together to make up a small community.
"You called for me." Jack says placidly before turning in his seat to look back at the menacing clouds.  "What's that?"
He looks up ahead and can see where the thick cloud cover is breaking.  "C'mon, Baby,” he mutters to the car.  "You can do this."  Dean forces himself not to push the gas pedal harder.  It would just eat up what he has left faster.
“It fused many of the angels and demons with the Empty’s essence.  Jumbled them all together.”  From the corner of his eye, Dean can see Jack twist his hands fretfully.  “That’s what’s making it so hard to heal Cas.  I have to be careful I don’t cut into
It's a good day, overall.  Dean and Bobby sit on the porch drinking beer and offering commentary on the match between Mary and John.  Eileen and Sam come back from their walk, disgustingly happy, and Dean can't help but glance at Cas, leaning casually against a pillar with a beer in hand, and wish for the same.
Slowly, the clouds recede.  The unnatural snow starts to melt from where it had fallen.  Life springs anew.  Dean gets up from the asphalt where he'd fallen and watches until he can no longer see the blue and yellow rays.
"Dean," Cas sits up in one smooth movement, like it's no effort at all to go from one position to another.  It makes Dean’s mouth a little dry.  "I-"
Jack smiles, his cheeks scrunching up.  "Thank you.  I'll get to work on the weapons."  And then he disappears from the table.
Annie shakes her head regretfully.  “He just said he’d be back some time today to let us know either way.”  Her expression darkens.  “If he could get back.”
.  Apparently, Cas and Jack decided that Heaven should really just be Earth+.  Not that he’s complaining, exactly, but it still amuses him.  They even have extra special monsters to fight.
Cas squints his eyes at him and somehow conveys his usual confused head tilt while laying prone.  "You told me not to…"
They finish dressing and Dean mutters a thanks before stalking out of the room, desperate to shower and wash the scent of sex and his best friend off himself.  He ignores the way Cas stares after him, a glint of something he doesn't want to identify in the angel's dark blue eyes, no longer as expressionless as he was before.
He stumbles downstairs, Cas following more gracefully after.  It seems the sleep did the angel some good.  He's more alert and looks less on the verge of death, though he still has bags under his eyes and cuts that still leak tiny wisps of grace.
Resolve renewed in hunting down the angel, he rejoins his brother and parents in their card game and silently makes plans on how to hunt down an angel in their own habitat.
His mother gives him an amused look.  “No.  Cas just stopped by to say his hellos.”  She takes a sip of her drink.  “He was just telling me to give you his regrets that he couldn’t stay.”
"I know."  He wanders a little closer to the angel holding out his hand.  “I still like you though.”
He’s about to ask her for more information but is interrupted by a great clanging.  Annie whips around to look upriver, alarmed.  “Shit!  We don’t have much time.  The river is surging!”
He tries to scramble back but comes up against the tire well of Baby.  The shadow swells, cutting off any possible retreat from the sides as well.  Dean has just enough time to close his eyes and think one last prayer before the thing swallows him.
The snow is finally starting to clear when the Impala stutters.  Startled, Dean looks down at the dashboard and curses.  The entire time he's been driving her the Baby has been on three-quarters of a tank of gas.  Now, it's hovering near empty.
Dean presses his lips against the top of his head, hiding a smile.  "Who says I was thinking about anything?"
Asa waves him down.  “If you can, invite your mother as well.  There are some things I never got a chance to tell her that I think she needs to hear.”
“No, you don’t,” Dean says, tensing at the mention of that day.  He doesn’t want to talk about it.  He doesn’t ever want to talk about how he failed Cas.  About how he never got to tell him- no.  He can’t even think about it.  It’s too much.
“It’s better than good, Sam,” Dean says, slapping his brother on his back.  “It’s awesome.  Now, let’s go find Mom.”
Eventually, they head back inside.  His mother and Eileen had come home while they were in the yard, at some point, and they fill them in on their encounter from earlier that afternoon.
“Wait,” he says instead, his mind catching up to the other details in Sam’ story.  “How did he and Jack get back here in time to remodel Heaven before I got here?”
Mary is the one to finally break it.  "So, we'd be doing what we used to do on earth?"  His mother looks contemplative.  Dean knows she's considering it.  Mary Winchester could never refuse those in need.  Much less Jack's puppy eyes.  “Hunting things?  Saving…souls?”
Cas sits up as well and glances over the back seat.  “She loves you very much.”  He says it like it’s obvious and he’s judging Dean for not being sensitive to Baby’s affections.
He looks up into Cas's big, blue eyes and an idea crosses his mind.  He's up and across the room before he can stop himself.  He doesn't want to stop himself.  Not really.  Something has been simmering there, underneath the surface, for a while now.
He swallows as the one thing he’d been very carefully not been thinking about surfaces.  Cas had said that he loved him.  And while a part of Dean hopes that is still true, he has to accept that Cas might have changed his mind after being left for dead.  Again.  After having been used by the brothers, and Dean especially, time and time again with neither of them expressing how much the angel meant to them.
Oh, right.  Dean has just been driving, no destination in mind.  And, while it seems like he can’t get tired, it's still a little strange to just keep driving and never stop.  Never mind that, now that he stops to think about it, they haven’t run into another soul since they got in the car.
But then, Cas never visited.  Dean waited for days for the angel to show up.  He prayed, silently, for him to appear so they could talk and only got silence.  And he figured that was his answer.  Cas might have loved him when he was taken by the Empty.  That didn’t mean he still did.  Dean was too late.  Dean was too little.
The other man fixes him with a deep, penetrating stare before grinning widely.  “I think I understand.”
So, Dean uses the rest of the short trip across the river to explain to her how he’s on a mission to chase down his own personal angel.
He focuses back on Cas, whose tone had the quality of someone that had been calling his name for some time.  “Yeah?”
As he drives, the cold seems to come on faster, and soon he has the heat in the car cranked as high as it will go.  Not long after that, snow appears.  He’s never really been uncomfortable with the snow, but there’s a strangeness to this one that makes him wary.
“I don’t really know,” Dean admits.  “I haven’t actually been here long.  Time works differently in Heaven.”
Almost everyone is already seated around the table.  Sam is setting down a platter of bacon and when he steps back, it’s to reveal a familiar auburn-haired woman sitting behind him.
"I have been reliably informed it's impolite to stare."  The angel falls out of stance and turns to face Dean.
It makes a horrendous noise at being hit, dark bubbles forming around the cut.  And then the shifting black mass separates to reveal red hair and pale skin as a distorted face pulls itself free.  “
The corners of Sam’s mouth flicker up in a brief smile.  “Yeah.  He came to explain how he was upholding Billie’s proclamation that those that die should stay dead, unless there were extreme extenuating circumstances.”  He let go of Dean’s shoulders and went back to nursing his drink.  “He said that the death you had was one of the many that had been written for you.  He said he was sorry, but that you would be at peace and that I’d see you soon.”  He finishes his drink and picks up another of the beers that are in front of him.  “Then, he took Cas with him and I guess they’ve been up here remodeling Heaven since.”
He watches Jack walks away for a few moments before turning back to Anna, wiping his hands on a rag.  “So, back to your ‘old self’?”
When he was younger, he had dreamed about going back to Lawrence and their old neighborhood, but had quickly quashed that notion when he realized his mom wasn't ever coming back.  It wouldn't have been home anymore without her.  And he’d never get the smell of thick, cloying smoke out of his nostrils.
And then, as suddenly as the water appeared, it’s gone.  Dean watches as it recedes, one section at a time, when something catches his attention.  Deep down in the water, an inky blackness writhes around before being surrounded by threads of light, and then it’s gone.  Dean blinks, unsure if he’d seen what he thought he saw.  The moment had lasted only for a second; it could have just been his imagination.  Or something that had been trapped in the water that disappeared as it receded.
Sam follows him to the car and gets in the passenger side as Dean starts the car.  “Bobby looking happy.  Weird."
And then there's a sensation of burning, like he's standing too close to the sun, and he's opening his eyes to Cas standing in front of him, faintly glowing.  Huge, black wings that gleam like an oil spill unfold from his back, flared protectively in front of Dean.
"Could hear you," Cas replies, and then tilts his head up for a kiss.  When he pulls back, his eyes are dark and serious.  "Something about a home?"
Dean’s gaze whips back to the angel and stares, wondering if he’s going to start seeing it leak out of his eyes or something.  “It’s
"Eileen!"  He comes around the table, arms already spreading wide.  She stands quickly and lets herself be enveloped in the hug, giving back just as good as she gets.  He pulls back after a minute to speak to her.  "It's so good to see you."
He grins at her.  “Thanks.”  He turns the key and Baby roars to life.  This time 'Back in Black' blares through the speakers.  Dean rolls down the windows, chucks a lazy peace sign out the window at Annie, and thunders away.
Dean grins and guides him by the hand to the back seat of the Impala.  He presses Cas flat against the leather and climbs in after him.  And okay, he must admit, it's not really more comfortable being cramped into the car like this but Dean had really wanted to get Cas horizontal on a semi-flat surface, and this was the closest available option.  Looking down at the angel laid out before him, he can't regret the decision.
He retaliates by showing his brother his middle finger and going in for a more thorough kiss on the mouth that leaves Cas looking a little dazed, his brother slightly disgusted, and Dean overall pleased with himself.
For the third time in as many days, Dean falls asleep in his car.  He doesn't mean to, this time, but the emotional upheaval of the past week- see dying, going to Heaven, meeting his friends and family, Cas, the weird dark thing, Cas again- has left him exhausted.
“Of course, I still want to be friends!”  How could Cas think that Dean would ever want to be without him?   Had he really fucked up so badly over the years?
He studies the sleeping angel while he waits.  Cas looks better.  Most of the black smears are gone from his skin.  Jack has been able to close the largest cuts, so only a few small ones are leaking blue wisps.  A few more days and he’d probably be completely healed.
Dean is only driving for a couple hours before he comes upon a rather quaint one-story rancher surrounded by trees. The house looks normal, except for the fact that it is plopped completely, unceremoniously in the middle of a dusty field. Taking a chance that this may have been one of the ‘individual heavens’ that Jack had been talking about, he turns off the road and drives across the flat earth.
But tomorrow.  Tonight, he was going to catch up and enjoy the presence of friends and family he hadn’t seen in years.
“You helped me, all those years ago.  Tried to protect me.  And Jack told me that if you hadn’t called out to him when you did, I might have hurt someone else.”  She’s looking up at him through her lashes now, closer than before.  How had he not noticed how close she had gotten?
Dean takes one last look at the clearly exhausted and hurting Cas to Jack’s pleading eyes.  “Right,” he says, and turns the key.  Baby roars to life, tank back at three-quarters like it has always been, and immediately starts blaring Bon Jovi.  He glares at the dash, but all that happens is that the volume is lowered in consideration for their tired passengers.  He doesn’t try to change the music something else.  He figures she’s earned the right to choose after all these years of saving their collective bacon.
He watches as Sam’s jaw moves, like he’s chewing on whether to say the next thing he’s thinking.  After a few moments, he seems to come to a decision and squares himself to Dean.  “Did you know Cas was there?”  Before Dean can ask, Sam clarifies.  “The night you died.  Cas was there.”
Jack pops in around lunch the next day to do some more Cas healing and drop off the new weapons he made.  There are angel blades, and bullets, and arrow tips because apparently Eileen is a skilled bow-woman.  He tells them that if they have any other ideas for weapons to let him know and he’ll try to make it for them.
And Cas was fighting who knows how many of the things right now.  His gaze, when he had turned to face Dean, had been steady. Fierce. Every inch the soldier that he'd always told Dean that he was before they met.
Dean chokes on his own spit.  “What?  No!  I mean, it was nice, not gonna lie, but-”  His stumbling comes to a halt when Annie laughs.
“Yes,” she replies, though she looks worried now.  “He was telling me before he left that he thinks he found the source of what’s causing problems across Heaven.  And it was definitely near where the river flows from.”
So he continues to work his fingers in and out of the angel's body, stretching him as much as he's able before the need takes over again.  He pulls his fingers out, spits into his hand, and gives his dick a few quick tugs, spreading saliva and precome over it before lining himself up with the angel's entrance.
Dean has never seen anything like it from the angel.  His whole body tenses and for just a moment Dean swears he can see something dark and iridescent shimmer out from Cas’s back.  The angel whips around to face him, blue eyes wide.  “Dean.”
Dean narrows his gaze at her.  “What do you mean ‘if he could’?  He’s an angel.  Why wouldn’t he be able to?”
Cas shakes his head.  “You know I don’t joke, Dean.  I swear it was Anna and she was calling for help.  However, these things were formed, it’s using angels to keep itself together.  If we can extract the angel from the dark material, we might be able to save them.”
Everyone goes their separate ways after breakfast.  Dean and Cas clean up since his mom and Sam cooked.  Sam and Eileen go for a walk.  Mary and John are out back, getting in some target practice. Apparently, ever since John learned that Mary had been a hunter, they'd been having weekly competitions on who the best shot is.  Mary is currently ahead by about twenty points, but John's military training keeps him in close contest.
Sam nods.  “He didn’t want me to tell you, but I think you need to know.”  He sits down heavily on a stool and takes a gulp from one of the beers.
Luckily, he left Baby running and the heat on when he’d gotten out of the Impala.  He quickly deposits Cas into the backseat, wincing when his head bounces off the door handle on the opposite side.  Once Cas is secure in the back, Dean hesitates before clambering in after him.  It’s a tight fit, both of them six-foot and of similar, broad build, but Dean makes it work.
Dean is so distracted from watching the light display that he doesn't notice when a small, purple shadow detaches itself from a low corner and zips away.  The arcs of blue and yellow light don't notice it either.
"Where you been boy?  You hardly been here a day before you went haring off again."  Bobby's got two six-packs in hand.  Looks like he's planning to stay a while.  So much for that drive with Cas.
Dean takes a deep breath.  “Right.  Okay.”  He’s going to say it.  Really, he is.  It’s just… big.  From a distance, Phil Collins filters in from the background.  “Not helping,” he mutters, glaring at the car.  She just turns the music up a little more.
Dean shrugs, struggling to remain calm.  “I guess he wasn’t as happy to see me as I had hoped.”  Even as he says the words a sort of hopeless frustration worms its way up out of him, and he walks to a near-by tree.  He stands in front of it for a moment before winding one hand back and punching the rough bark.  “Fuck!  Dammit, Cas!”  He keeps punching.  “I just want to talk to your dumb, feathery ass!”
He tries to back up, uncomfortable with the proximity, but the side of the car prevents him from going anywhere.  “Oh, no, that wasn’t me.  Cas was the one that realized what happened to all of you.”
“I survived without you before, Cas.  But that’s all I was doing.  Surviving.”  Unconsciously, the finger he’d used to tilt Cas’s chin has become a hand on the angel’s cheek.  “I’m better, with you around.  I’m a better man when I have you with me.”
his mind whispers before he shuts the thought down.  They stand together at the bridge railing in silence, basking in each other’s presence before Sam asks about the others.
Eventually, the silence is too much and Dean breaks.  “Look, Cas, there’s something I’ve been meaning to tell you.”
” she clarifies, and it makes Dean smile to see that Charlie is still the same.  “That part sucks.  But we missed you! And you look good!  Well, I mean of course you do, it’s Heaven-” before she can continue to ramble more, Jo elbows Charlie in the side, cutting her off.
"Also," Jack says from behind him, scaring the shit out of him, "can Cas stay here for a little while?  He really shouldn't be flying, yet.  Or doing anything that requires expending grace."
His mind blanks for a second when soft lips touch his.  For a moment, instinct to return the kiss wars with the visceral reaction to shove her away.  But, it’s Anna, someone he once shared something with, and he doesn’t want to hurt her.  He freezes, hands half-raised, unsure what to do.
Dean judges it’s around noon when Jack stirs awake.  The air is warm again and he has his window cracked, but it’s getting a little stuffy with only the one.  He’d open it more, but he hates the weird pressure that comes from only having one window open.
Dean hadn’t even been able to respond, at the time.  To tell Cas his own truth.  At first, it had been because he’d been in shock at what was happening.  Trapped in a room with literal Death pounding at the door and no way out.  And yet...
In answer, Dean makes his way to the driver’s seat and starts the car.  They make quick work of loading Baby onto the ferry and securing her to the deck, so that she doesn’t roll around from the slight rocking as they cross the river.
When Dean wakes up this time, he's warm and comfortable and in no hurry to move.  He's on his front, face smushed into the pillow, a thin line of drool wetting the fabric underneath his mouth.  He's content for what feels like the first time in decades.
“Yeah, well, I’m ending it.”  He can hear music coming from the bar as he gets out of the car.  Led Zeppelin, if he’s not mistaken, and he never is when it comes to the greats.
"Are you- do you-" Cas bites at his bottom lip, which is distracting in its own right, but something about the tone of the other's voice makes Dean pull back a little.
Dean reaches out and shakes Asa’s hand again.  “Thank you, man.  That’s a huge help.”  He heads to his car.  “I’ll definitely take you up on that invitation some other time.”
As soon as their lips connect, Dean closes his eyes, focusing entirely on the way Cas’s soft, chapped lips feel against his.  The kiss lasts only a handful of moments before Dean reluctantly pulls away.  “I’ve wanted to do that for a long time,” he says, pressing his forehead to Cas’s, not wanting to move too far away.
This time it's Sam that laughs, long and loud.  "Oh yeah, Dean.  He definitely takes after you too."
The smile she gives him is a little sad, but full of understanding.  “I’m fine.  Go find Castiel.”  He gives her a nod, opening the car door.  "And Dean?"  He looks back up at her.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't know.  Can you tell him that?  Please?"
Songs this chapter: In the Air Tonight- Phil Collins, You Make My Dreams Come True- Hall and Oates, Sexual Healing- Marvin Gaye
“You might be in luck,” she says as they dock the boat.  “He went upstream to check if there was anything interfering with the source of the river last night.  He was supposed to come back to let us know what he found.  I don’t think he’s checked back in, yet.”
“No, that’s not…”  Sighing, Dean takes hold of the angel’s shoulders.  “Cas, there’s something I need to say to you, and I would really appreciate it if you would let me say it without interrupting me.  Okay?”
And that is when Dean realizes what his trouble has been.  He's been trying to do what he's always done before; shoulder the burden by himself.  But he isn't by himself.  He has Cas.  And Cas doesn't need him to plan out every little detail.  Cas doesn't need him to be perfect, and in fact, loves Dean even though he isn't.  Cas loves Dean for every one of his flaws, not despite them.
Before Dean realized that he’d been drawn to Castiel from the first moment he’d seen the angel.  Since that night in the barn, when Cas had walked in, confident and unflinching, Dean had been fascinated by him.  When Cas told him that he deserved to be saved and then spent the next twelve years showing him how much he believed in Dean; their bonds had drawn even closer.
“Yeah,” he says reflexively, then shakes his head.  “No, not really.  And I won’t be until I can talk to that idiot.”
He finds her easily enough.  She’s talking to a tall, dark-haired man and Dean’s heart nearly stops because he recognizes that figure, though he’s sans the tan trench coat and dark suit this time.  Cas’s back is to him and he barely keeps himself from calling out his name.  It hadn’t worked out so well last time and Dean can learn from his mistakes.  Annie notices him, makes like she wants to call out to him, but he gives a subtle shake of his head.  The look she gives him back is somewhat puzzled, but she goes back to her conversation.
“So, Jack thinks he can help restore the angels that are trapped under the black mass?”  His mom is unpacking groceries from her and Eileen’s trip.  Dean is still getting used to Heaven having
Instead of dropping it, Sam’s expression gets harder.  “No, Dean. I’m not going to ‘drop it’.  I’m tired of dancing around your feelings for Cas.  Feelings he clearly reciprocates.”
"I was just…" he starts, not really sure how to explain his thoughts to his angel.  "I was just thinking about how I've never really had a home since I was four."
As he gets closer, he realizes that it's a person and rushes over to them, brushing the snow off and turning them over onto their back.  He freezes once he sees their face.  It can’t be, he thinks. It can’t be that simple.
Jack cracks open his window before answering and Dean can’t say the new airflow isn’t a relief.   “The creatures that we fought...they’re from the Empty.”
“Woah! Hey,” Dean steadies him with a hand to his shoulder.  “You’re alright.  I got you.”  Dean is really worried now.  There is no way a newly mojo-upped Cas should be this out of it.  “What happened, Cas?”
Cas looks relieved.  “Oh, that’s good.  I had worried, a little, but I knew you’d be too good of a man to spurn a friendship just because one party developed feelings beyond those of kinship with you.  Especially when the being in question does not occupy a form you are attracted to.  It’s one of the traits I admire most-”
“Right, yeah.”  He runs a hand through his hair.  “Cas...Jack wasn’t able to pull him from the Empty right away.  It took time.”
He starts praying immediately, watching the thick clouds of snow as they slowly keep advancing behind him.  Ahead of him, he sees that he's not too far from the town he met Annie in.  He remembers that he had driven significantly further to get to the snowy areas before.
It’s Dean’s turn to cook dinner that night and he commandeers Cas to help him in kitchen.  For vegetable chopping purposes, he says, but also because he likes having the angel close.  And, it’s also extremely convenient for pressing lips to dark, brown hair or a furrowed brow when Cas is concentrating on something.  The small, pleased look he gets every time is worth it when Sam eventually catches him and makes fun of him for it.
"Yeah, Cas?"  He idly traces his fingertips up the angel's sides, pressing lightly into the hard muscle.  The T-shirt Cas is wearing is fitted and shows off the shape of him in a way the baggy suits never have.  It does good things for him.
“I still wish I’d tried.  Been able to do more.”  The tears are really starting to flow now.  This was so not how Dean had imagined this going.  “Do you forgive me?”
He huffs a laugh at the straightforwardness of the angel.  “One thing at a time.  First, we’ll deal with whatever the Empty threw up.  Then we’ll talk about why you’ve been avoiding me,” he finishes sternly.
"Shut up," Dean grumbles before sliding out of bed.  He'd managed to change into sleep pants and a clean T-shirt the night before and he figures that's good enough to eat breakfast with his family in.
Cas's chest is heaving as well.  His head is no longer thrown back and instead he's gazing at Dean, expression calm, like what they'd just done was no more meaningful to him than a stroll through the park.
Bobby's house wasn't a home without the man that had been like a father to him.  That was really all Dean had to say on the matter of the salvage yard and the house that came with it.
The angel's eyes are still closed, kiss-bruised mouth slightly open.  It makes a subtle heat stir low in Dean's belly.  "Yes, Dean?"
They drive in silence for a while.  Baby is back to the softer side of classic rock and Dean can’t say he disapproves.  He’s got his kid and the love of his life- though said love doesn’t know that he is, yet- in the car with him and it’s a beautiful day.  The things that had been making Heaven go wonky have been defeated- for now- and Dean can enjoy some peace and contentment with two of his favorite people.
There’s a hopeful tug in Dean’s chest at her words.  His heart beats nervously at the thought of possibly seeing Cas again so soon.  “Did he give you a time for when that would be exactly?”
Dean moans at the picture Cas makes, spread out before him.  "Fuck it," he mutters.  He looks up at the angel.  "Let me know if I do something you don't like."  He presses a kiss to Cas's lips, tasting him once more before pulling back.  "And feel free to touch me back.  I promise I'll like it," he winks.
“No thanks are needed.  I want to help.”  He looks sadly back down at Anna.  “No being should suffer needlessly like this.  And I am partially responsible for it happening in the first place.”
Cas glares at him from the side before licking his hand.  Quickly, Dean pulls the appendage away, wiping the spit on Cas’s shoulder before placing his arm back along the top of the couch.  Cas turns back to the movie and resolutely stares straight ahead, though Dean catches a faint uptick at the corner of his mouth, so he knows the angel isn’t too upset.
At some point, Sam goes to get them drinks.  After a while, Dean realizes he’s been gone too long and goes to find his brother.  He finds him at the bar, four beers in front of him, and an unreadable expression on his face.
Dean gives a short nod and climbs into the car and starts her up.  He pulls off the boat as fast as he safely can.  Later, he’ll wonder why it matters.  They’re in Heaven.  It’s not like they can die again.  In the moment, however, he does as Annie asks of him.  He drives around to the outer edge of the village, where people are already heading out towards a hill he can see in the distance.
He goes to his little brother- how can he not? - and wraps him in a tight hug.  Sammy looks good; like he lived a full and happy life.  Dean is proud.  His Sam lived the life he was meant to have, and nothing could make Dean happier.
Dean peers up at his younger brother.  “You sure.  You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”  He grins at his own cheesy joke.
Dean pulled back a little so he could better look at his angel’s face.  “You know how I spent a year in Purgatory looking for your dumb ass?”  Cas nods.  “Yeah, about that long.”  He dithers over whether to ask the next question but ultimately decides fair’s fair.  “What about you?”
Dean stands up to pace, no longer able to keep still as his thoughts race.  "Fuck, fuck, fuck.  That idiot.  Doesn't he know he has nothing to prove?"  He looks at Jack imploringly.
“Are you okay?”  It’s Annie, because who else here would approach an obviously violent and unstable man.
The Impala had probably come the closest to being his home.  It was there he'd learned that home was his brother and the time they spent together.  And for a long time, that had been enough.  But then Sam had left, his dad hadn't even really ever been around in the first place, and Dean had been on his own.
Nightfall sees them back at his parents’ house.  He sends Jack in first, then carefully crawls into the back to gently shake Cas awake.  The angel looks a little better, having slept the entire drive home, but he’s still obviously hurt.  And covered in goo.
During each encounter, Cas looks more and more bewildered at his reception, but no less warmed by the obvious affection most of the Winchester family holds for him.  Apparently, Cas has not shown his face to any of them since Jack got him out of the Empty.  It's a thought that saddens Dean.  Did Cas think they wouldn't be happy to see him?
Dean glances back over his shoulder at the angel before answering Bobby.  "I had to go find something."
He's got the lapels of Cas's coat in his hands and he tugs the angel to him. Cas goes easily, letting Dean move him. And then he's biting at the full lips in a move that's less of a kiss and more of a devouring.  He pulls back after a moment and meets blue eyes with his own green.
“Are you okay?”  Earnest blue eyes stare at him.  Dean didn’t realize how much he’d missed that gaze until he had it back.
Cas’s skin feels cool to the touch and Dean is pretty sure that’s not a good sign.  Unsure of what to do, he prays to Jack.  When the kid doesn’t answer right away, Dean curses and begins going about trying to warm Cas up.  He chafes his skin over his clothes, hoping the friction will help.
“Oh, I intend to,” Dean mutters darkly into his last of his beer.  “I’m going to hunt that feather-brained little idiot down and shake him until his sense kicks in.  Maybe I’ll even tie him up for good measure.”
He comes back to himself, panting, forehead pressed against a sharp collarbone.  He pulls away slowly, groaning as he pulls out of Cas's lax body.  He stares, for a moment, at the mess he's made of the angel.  Come coats his belly and tangles in his dark pubic hair.  Dean's own contribution seeps out from the pink, puffy, twitching hole he's just fucked for one of the best orgasms he's ever had in his life.
When he finally gets out of bed, he notes that he’s in sleep pants and a T-shirt, like he normally wears when he’s somewhere he feels safe and comfortable.  He makes his way through the house and down to the kitchen on the barest hints of memory alone.
“Yeah.”  He smiles at her again before something behind her catches his attention.  “Is that a ferry?”
He sidles closer to the angel.  “’Too strenuous,’ huh?  And what would that include?”  He wraps an arm low around Cas’s back.  They’ve only been together for less than a day and kissed a few times since the first, but Dean is already getting used to being able to pull the angel close to him.
It’s easier than he thinks it would be, like falling into a well-worn routine.  He pictures Cas’s face; those blue eyes, full lips, permanent dark stubble and starts talking quietly to himself.  “Cas, I hope you can hear me, wherever you are.  We need to talk.  There’s something I need to tell you and I want to say it to your face.  Please, Cas.  If you can hear me, come find me.”
Sam gives him a hearty pat on the shoulder before heading back to the dining room where they’d been playing poker with their parents.  It’s been an interesting game.  All of them are accomplished card sharks, but other than Sam and Dean, no one really knows the others tells, so everyone has had a chance to pull a lead.
The corner of Dean’s mouth twitches into a grimace.  “Yeah, Sammy.  Cas got out.  Bobby said he helped Jack remake Heaven.”
"It's good to see you, too," she replies then steps around him to hug Cas.  The angel looks startled but returns the hug anyway.  "I'm so glad you're okay."
But Cas had said it anyway.  And it felt so good to hear him say it.  For one, single second, Dean's heart rejoiced in knowing his feelings were returned.  And then, in the next second, Cas was saying goodbye and pushing him aside.  Dean had to watch that inky black swallow his best friend and he couldn’t do anything about it.  And then Sam had called and called and called while Dean wallowed in his grief at having watched Cas sacrifice himself with a smile on his face and tears streaming from his eyes.  He sat on that floor, curled into himself like he could block out what had just happened, whispering out a wet 'me too' at the empty room, knowing the one it was intended for would never hear it.
“What?!”  He whips his head up to stare at his brother.  “Why would he think that?  I died because I wasn’t careful enough during a hunt.  It was bound to happen sooner or later.”
Dean twirls the glass in his hand, entranced by the swirling amber as the light bounces off it at different angles.  “I don’t think he pulled Cas out of the Empty to be miserable for all eternity.”  His heart pounds as he considers his next words.  His throat feels tight.  “I ain’t sayin’ Cas wants to be with me after everything that’s happened between us, but I want to at least try.”
Jack rubs his hands on his thighs, a sure sign he's uncomfortable with the subject he's about to bring up.  "He thinks he's an inconvenience."
But now, as he gazes down at the dark head of messy hair that's resting on his shoulder, he finds himself yearning for a home for himself for the first time since he was five.  A place to call his own with the angel he loves.  Where they can make their own routines and memories together.
Having now given himself permission to do so, along with Cas's lack of protest, he starts touching the angel more firmly.  He runs his hands down over the well-defined torso and back up again, under his shirt, reveling in the feel of soft skin in counterpoint to the coarse hair of his chest.  He rucks the shirt up until dusky nipples are revealed and then leans down to lick at one of them.
They stay seated on the couch for a time, holding hands and watching the Golden Girls.  After a while, Cas leans against Dean and falls asleep.  There’s more they need to talk about, Dean knows, but it can wait for a little while longer.
Cas frowns at him, not taking the bait.  Dean hadn't really thought he would.  "It must have been more serious than that or I wouldn't have heard it."
Dean sighs and drops his head back onto his pillow to stare up at the ceiling.  Cas can't actually read his mind, but if Dean thinks about him seriously enough he gets vague impressions of the hunter's thoughts.  It was useful when he needed help wrangling a shadow, but could be damned inconvenient otherwise.
And they were hurting people.  Or, at least, anyone that had come in contact with them has disappeared.  Before Jack and Cas had realized what was going on, hundreds of souls had gone missing from Heaven.  Why and where to, neither of them have been able to figure out; all Jack could say was that he wasn’t able feel them anymore.  They were just gone.  Like they never existed.
He can feel the waves of puzzlement coming from the angel.  "Why not?"  Castiel asks as he turns his head, grazing his lips over the top of Dean's ear.
And this time, Dean feels something; like a small door being closed softly.  Dean shuts his eyes at the feeling and a sense of grief flows over him, tightening in his chest and throat.  He leans his head onto the countertop in front of him and the tears that had threatened to spill earlier slide down his face.
His heart lurches in his chest and he stomps on the brake, bringing Baby to a hard stop in the middle of the dusty road.
Soon, the kisses turn from sweet and gentle to wet and passionate.  Dean’s kissing his way down the side of Cas’s neck, fingers working their way under the angel’s shirt, when he hears his name being called.
The kid looks genuinely cut up about it.  Sam is the first one to speak.  "It's not your fault, Jack."
He cups his hand back over Cas’s cheek.  “I’m here now, anyway.  With you.”  He threads the fingers of his other hand through Cas’s hair and stares into those deep blue eyes.  “And honestly?  There’s no other place I’d rather be.”
Jack’s smile widens, but it’s the soft ‘hello, Dean’ from behind him that causes his heart to pound.  Cas, if anything, looks far worse than Jack.  He’s slumped at an angle between the door and the seat, and he looks like he can barely keep his eyes open.  He’s practically caked in black goo.  He’s got several cuts that appear to be leaking grace and for a being that isn’t supposed to take in air, he’s doing a good impression of labored breaths.
something.  Fuck someone.  It doesn't matter.  He feels as if he is going to lose it if he can't release the pent up energy but he's stuck in this room with only an emotionless angel for company.
And, also, a place where they can have sex without worrying about someone walking by at an inopportune moment.
Dean latches on to the word ‘glitches’ and holds out a hand to the man to shake.  “I’m Dean Winchester.  You wouldn’t have happened to have had a blue-eyed angel in a tan trench coat stop by recently, have you?”
want it."  Jack tilts his head in a familiar way, then adds, "I'm sorry about that, by the way.  I would have helped you if I could have."
The angel sits, frozen, for what feels like forever but is probably several bare moments, before he seems to catch on to what Dean’s intent it.  His eyes widen in realization and his pink mouth goes slack again.  He holds himself still, gazing down at Dean, before hesitantly lessening the distance between them and softly pressing his lips to the ones below him.
It’s a good thing he’s concentrating so hard and driving so slowly, otherwise he might have run over the snow-covered bump in the road.  As it is, he has to swerve, and Baby ends up nose-first in a small snowbank.  He takes a deep breath before getting out of the car and going to inspect the thing he almost ran over with his car.
For a long moment, Jack studies him.  Whatever he sees there seems to forestall any more protest.  “He should be fine.  Just exhausted.  Head north.”
He's just fucked his best friend.  Cas.  An angel.  For no reason than it was either that or go out and find someone else to do the same to and he hadn't wanted to subject some poor, hapless girl to that. He watches shamefully as Cas climbs down from the table and goes about cleaning himself up, mostly the human way, with an assist from his angel mojo here and there.
“Nah, man,” Dean says, shaking his head.  “The honor was all ours.  You’re a legend...were a legend?”  Asa laughs so Dean figures he isn’t too offended.  “This whole being dead thing makes it a little complicated," he explains.
Digging the Impala out of the snowbank is easier than he expected.  The snow is light and moves easily.  Still, it takes precious time and clings to him in a way natural snow has never done.  Every so often, he catches flashes of light through the thick cloud cover and something about them urges Dean to move faster.
The man takes his hand and shakes it.  “As a matter of fact, I have.”  There’s a moment of silence before the man narrows his eyes and gives Dean’s face a closer look.  “Winchester?”  He asks, and Dean just barely keeps himself from wincing, knowing what’s coming next.  “You wouldn’t happen to be related to Mary Winchester, would you?”
Hannah knew he wasn’t great at social interactions, so she never took a social faux-pas on his part personally. Instead, she stepped inside and began, “I came to warn you. I am sure you have heard about Alfie. But he is not the only one.”
Next thing, Dean’s hand with the bottle appeared around the stall, and Cas quickly took it, fumbling with it and almost dropping it.
—who was out of his depth, had gotten himself cursed while on a witch hunt, and had only found out about the autumnal equinox the hard way.
That’s why the next time they went out to a bar, Dean didn’t even mention finding him an alpha to get him laid. Luckily, Cas didn’t remind him of that plan either, so all was good. They had much more fun just the two of them anyway.
Even though Dean had initially been happy to see Balthazar from behind, that changed when without his weekly dose of cuddle time, Cas started to look tired and pale.
While he was undressing Cas, he involuntarily showed him his teeth again. It was some kind of reflex, a way of telling Cas to stay put without having to verbalize it. He might have done the same thing with an omega. This time, Cas didn’t comment on it.
. It was just a deep inhale. Not really scenting, just… breathing deeply next to him. Yes. That’s what it was.
“Glad you asked. Here’s what we’re gonna do. You tell him that you slept with me as per his request, but now you’re pissed because it didn’t work.”
to try this pie!” and then proceed to hand feed him a piece, letting Castiel lick every last bit off his index finger before Castiel could be embarrassed about being so… couply in front of his colleagues.
Castiel couldn’t believe that his little white lie about some work colleague’s jibe had actually worked. Yes, there were mated pairs that bit
, because of something he did. This felt so nice that he didn’t freak out when he felt Dean’s erection. His omega even wanted to twist his hips a bit, just to see Dean’s eyes roll back in his head the way they did when their teasing each other got to be too much.
What a coincidence—Dean really missed kissing him. “If I were with you right now, I’d kiss you right on your mating gland,” he said.
So much naked skin combined with the scent of Cas and heat and slick all around made it harder for him to keep his alpha from just humping the sheets, so Dean reluctantly let go to say, “I think it might be time for me to…”
Two minutes later, he sent another one, this time to suggest they meet up the next day. After all, they hadn’t gotten around to doing any pining sickness prevention. Dean still owed him. Now more so than ever.
But instead, he experienced warmth and a sense of security as he was in his bed, together with Dean. He couldn’t see the alpha since he was behind him, but he could smell his scent and he instinctively knew it was him.
Dean looked a bit bashful, and Castiel tried to parse through what the alpha had just said. It almost sounded like…
Finally, Castiel could feel the alpha’s heavy balls against his ass and the long, thick cock lodged inside it, and that’s when it hit him: He legitimately had a dick in his ass! There was a huge alpha prick inside of his hole and said alpha was about to use it, and wouldn’t stop until he had fucked his seed into Castiel’s very core.
“Yeah, you know. Let’s check out those enhancers.” Actually, that was pretty much the opposite of what Dean wanted to do, but it was as good an excuse as any. And maybe he’d be able to sniff out which part were the enhancers and which part was all Jimmy.
Jimmy was clearly trapped in a nightmare. Mumbles of “No!” interrupted the whimpers, and as soon as Dean realized what was happening, he quickly caught him by the shoulder and shook him softly.
Dean finally licked a stripe across his hole, then again just to feel Cas shudder beneath him before he slipped his tongue inside a little, darting in and out, teasing the poor omega to the brink of orgasm.
Dean cleared his throat. “Remember when you said you’d be willing to wear scent blockers?” he asked, oh so casually. “That offer still on the table?”
Castiel immediately started scenting and licking it. With every whiff, the scent seemed to amplify. No wonder his omega had decided this was a scent worth bonding with.
Dean hadn’t planned on backing out anyway, but now that he had met Cas? No way was he going to pass up the chance to have heat sex with him!
Plus, it would give Castiel the push he needed to quit his job. Ever since his break-up with Amelia, things had been increasingly unpleasant at work—not really surprising with her uncle as the CEO of the company.
“It’s a word!” Dean defended himself. “It means you feel like the omega to my alpha. You feel like mate. Like I want this not just to be about what my alpha needs or what your omega needs, but about
pup. He should be kept in the loop here! His omega was pregnant with his pup and Dean was sitting here on his ass and could do absolutely nothing. He was completely useless.
Now—nothing. He might as well be trying to read their minds, which was frustrating on many levels. How did betas do it? Granted, they were at a clear advantage, having learned how to navigate the world without a heightened sense of smell from a young age.
Still, he was rather nervous when he walked over to Dean’s house on Friday, carrying a six pack as a thank you for the hospitality.
Breathing in his intoxicating scent, Dean lost track of time, of what was appropriate, of anything and everything. There was only one thing his mind could focus on: inhaling as much of that heady scent as possible.
Castiel had time to think ‘He wants to kiss me. He wants to kiss me as much as I want him to kiss me’ and then Dean took that step closer, right into his personal space until Castiel went cross-eyed and had to close his eyes.
Cas narrowed his eyes, which was how Dean knew he had said the wrong thing. “Weird?” Cas repeated without inflection.
For now, he had to wait… And maybe browse the internet a bit himself because patience wasn’t his strong suit.
He came out of the vision with a start. It had been a long time since he’d had one that vivid. He could still feel the dick slide into his throat, taste the musky alpha flavor of pre-come on his lips and tongue. Or maybe it hadn’t been a vision at all and the curse just wanted him to lick that dick that was hanging in front of his face.
It didn’t seem like something Cas would be into. But then again, his perception of what Cas might and might not be comfortable with had just been challenged.
The thought that Dean had lots of pups running around somewhere was a bit strange. They’d be his pup’s half-siblings, after all.
isn’t around, it’s no wonder it hurts. I would advise you to find your mate before pining sickness sets in.”
“That right there,” Dean said, pointing at him. “That’s why I didn’t tell you. I don’t need you to judge me for what I do, and by the way, screw you! I would never kill people like you. I kill
Even though Cas didn’t say anything in response, Dean, apparently, wasn’t done talking about this. “You’re the most awesome alpha I know, and I…”
Unfortunately, he’d had a few beers, which meant that it took a while for him to get it up enough so that he could put on the damn condom.
Instincts kicked in and he immediately started kicking and boxing the alpha before his mind had processed what his nose was smelling: Dean.
So, when he rang the bell, package in hand, he decided that it was long past time to offer Jimmy his friendship. As far as Dean could tell, the other alpha hadn’t made any friends here yet, and everyone knew that you needed friends when you were new to a neighborhood.
Dean finally had his angel back and on top of that, getting healed had invigorated him. Dying really took it out of you! Luckily, he had his very own angel to watch over him. Although, this time around, it had kind of been
Shrugging with one shoulder (the one that wasn’t pressed up against Dean), Castiel said, “I just imagined hunters to be different.”
Castiel blinked at Dean. Maybe Sam hadn’t been too far off the mark with his ‘boyfriend’ comment earlier. And maybe Dean wasn’t as opposed to the concept as he had appeared to be.
The narrow-eyed look Cas fixed him with was a clear indication that Cas did not understand how universally sexy Doctor Sexy truly was, so Dean gave him an eye-roll of his own and sighed. Seemed like he had to spell it out for him.
Dean really didn’t want to think about other people jerking off using the slick of the same omega. He knew that that was irrational—hell, he didn’t even know the omega (the bottle only said that it was a male omega in his late thirties) and so he had no right to feel possessive here.
Dean had almost wept in relief when his rut had ended and he finally wasn’t sporting a constant boner anymore that didn’t want to go away no matter what. At the time, he’d thought he’d never want to touch his dick again.
Evening came and Castiel could feel his power levels rising with each breath he took, energizing him and flowing through his entire body.
Dean Winchester. Alpha male whose ‘romantic’ interests so far had consisted of meaningless intercourse with omegas of either gender. No long-term relationship, even though he was in his late thirties, which for humans was an age when he should have found his mate already and preferably impregnated him or her a couple of times. (If he were one of Gabe’s assignments, he would probably be divorced by now.)
Little licks across the seam of his lips made them tingle pleasantly until his mouth opened of its own accord so that the tongue could slide inside, slow and smooth like silk, teasing so gently Castiel shivered from a mixture of stimulation and anticipation.
The drive home was tense to say the least. Cas didn’t talk to him, but was just staring out the window, and Dean didn’t really know what to say, either.
The sweet scent of relaxed, content omega had a very relaxing effect on Dean in return. If this was supposed to be some sort of technique to de-stress, then Cas’ therapist was definitely on to something. Dean was beginning to feel like a fraud, taking money from Cas for something he felt
Then Cas kissed him, and since Dean always enjoyed making out with him, he forgot all about the conversation he’d been meaning to have.
Dean deflated, his anger suddenly gone. “No, you’re right. I should…” He pointed over his shoulder towards the door, which was ridiculous because it wasn’t that late and they usually hung out until it was time to go to bed.
“Yes, it is, but…” He couldn’t really admit that it had been placed there by an alpha, so he trailed off.
Ever since Dean had first touched him in this way, a confusing kind of bond had formed between them. Okay, so maybe the bond had started forming long before his wings had revealed themselves to Dean, but it had
Saying no to Dean when he invited him to come along to a bar Saturday evening was bad enough, especially since Cas could just imagine Dean bringing home some omega again.
“Eighty seconds,” Dean amended. “Which is obviously not enough time to make me sleepy. It would make a lot more sense if you used your cuddle powers on me while we’re in bed.”
things in order to be happy. Castiel on the other hand didn’t need anything from Dean. Well, except those small smiles and touches.
That seemed to calm the others down. Unfortunately, Hannah had an idea that, theoretically, might even have been a good one.
He waited until Cas had hesitantly put his own hand under his shirt before he rumbled his approval. There was a good omega.
Suddenly, Dean stopped, his nose twitching once, twice—and that’s when Cas realized what it was he was picking up on.
But like a fool, he had thought it might have been Dean’s way of asking him to bare his throat for him. After all, any alpha would want to scent back in a situation like this.
Of course, Uriel wasn’t about to just give in. He had orders from Raphael and he always did what he was told.
Still, Bees had asked for it. Here went nothing. With just one click, Bees was naked, now lying on his back on top of the covers and—wow, they really went all out with their design. Bees’ tiny erect dick stood at full attention.
His alpha was way too horny, and the prospect of filling up Cas’ hole made his dick perk up. Breeding an omega had somehow become less important, even though that’s what ruts were all about.
At least Dean was fully clothed this time. They were in the kitchen, where he was about to make himself a burger for dinner.
Seemed like he got his wish to be kissed breathless. This approach worked just fine with what he’d had in mind, so he let Dean’s tongue invade his mouth and play with his tongue.
“He is human, Castiel,” Anna said once she had listened to what had transpired. “They have different attitudes towards cuddling.”
! Although Cas also felt a bit like a creep for enjoying it so much when Dean didn’t even know he was doing it.
And there it was. This angel was no longer a virgin. He had Dean’s cock in his ass and was about to get fucked until his ass would receive his first load.
Where had Jimmy found such an awesome-smelling omega? If the omega bartender from last night had smelled like this, they wouldn’t even be in this awkward situation right now because Dean would have been too busy scenting the
Since he had been rather distracted and had forgotten to get in touch, it was no wonder they were trying to track him down, which was why he hurried up the stairs while Dean and Sam remained at the bottom.
Still, he had to admit to himself that Dean had been right in a way, too. There had been nothing boring about the sex they’d just had. No reason to fake anything. And if he thought of something to tell Dean later—well, he could just tell him now because they were already together.
Cas was in the bathroom, reapplying the stupid alpha scent when he dropped the bottle in the sink and the alpha scent emptied down the drain.
“I think I know when my rut is coming on,” Dean countered. “I mean, it might still be a while until it really hits, maybe tomorrow…”
Just a quick flick of the tongue, still teasing him, making his alpha growl with sexual frustration. Any non-cuddlibus omega and Dean would be fucking his ass by now.
“You don’t have to like my scent since I will be the one doing the scenting. I can use scent blockers for our appointments if you prefer?”
“Dean.” Cas stopped feeding and looked at him all wide-eyed. “Something is wrong. Dean? Your heartbeat is too elevated.”
Cas’ eyes widened in response, so Dean quickly added, “They’re gonna expect a newly-mated pair to be affectionate with each other, and we don’t want to look like it’s our first kiss, right?”
Cas was looking at him for a long moment. “I think you should find another way to fall asleep,” he finally said and then slipped out of the room without a backward glance.
“Okay, before you say anything, let me just tell you what I found out,” he said while pulling Castiel along towards
Protective instincts were kicking in, which was confusing because Dean shouldn’t feel protective towards another alpha. He quickly shook his head to clear it. Jimmy was clearly scared here. What kind of a sick alpha liked the scent of someone’s fear?!
Dean finally guided the tip of his dick to Castiel’s asshole and pushed it in, connecting them in the most intimate way. The fat head of his cock was stretching him open, and soon, the rest of the long cock was sliding all the way inside, inch by inch.
What the hell was Cas doing? His nose was totally seeking out Dean’s scent gland! Were they allowed to do that?
He kept up the slow pace until Cas was squirming and panting, mumbling something like “Fuck me!” so Dean did, picking up the pace.
He was laughing about something Benny had said, and his whole face lit up, wrinkles forming around his eyes and even his nose scrunching up in a frustratingly captivating way that was hard to look away from. Who even laughed like that?!
Oops, he might have woken the alpha up with all the kissing. Dean’s eyelids fluttered open. Almost immediately, the corners of his mouth turned upwards into a warm smile when he saw Cas.
Maybe Dean could get away with a quick scenting—it could be like a good morning ritual between friends.
Meanwhile, Dean had made his way over to Castiel, positioning himself between him and his friends, gun still trained on them.
Wow. Who knew cuddlibi had some kind of secret orgasm superpower. Cas had kind of messed with his stamina, but Dean could forgive him for that since he had never experienced a connection like that with anyone in his life.
In this case, that meant he was snuggling against him from the side and his hand was reaching down between their bodies, underneath the sheets, feeling around for his dick. When he finally found it, he just let his hand rest there, lightly holding onto it.
“Don’t hurt him!” Cas finally said when Dean was trying to crawl under the bed in his hunt for the spider.
He was squinting at Dean again, tilting his head as if he expected Dean to admit to smelling like rotten something. They stared into each other’s eyes for a few seconds. Cas had really beautiful eyes…
Rolling them onto their sides so that he was spooning Cas, he made sure that Cas was comfortable because… well, he wanted him to stick around for the rest of his rut so that he could fuck him again later. Yeah, Dean was doing the cheesy kisses to his neck thing all for Cas’ sake. The things he did so that he could have that ass again…
This time, Dean ended up putting his arm on the couch behind Cas, which was way more comfortable than standing in the hall.
He had to say something. But how should he delicately address that Cas’ pre-heat scent was making it impossible for Dean to think about anything but rubbing himself all over the omega? And
Cas’ eyes flitted away from him, then returned, and then he quickly leaned over to give him a quick peck on the cheek. If there was an award for it, this kiss would no doubt win as the most chaste kiss anyone has ever given another person.
The attraction didn’t seem to be one-sided. Yes, Dean had been inebriated when he had come on to him, but he had been stone sober just now, when he had suggested they scent each other. Of course, Cas had wanted to say yes, but… There was always that stupid ‘but.’
“Really?” Dean was finally fully clothed and raised his eyebrows at him. “Seemed to me like you could use the help.”
Where before, his only thought had been about Dean and how he needed the alpha to touch him as much as possible, now he could think more clearly—and there was one thing he had to make sure the alpha understood.
“It isn’t ready for it. Believe me, I can tell.” Alpha instincts had to be good for something, and being able to tell when an omega was ready to be mated was one of his alpha superpowers.
Well, if he wanted to get him drunk, he had chosen the wrong drinking partner. Alcohol left him rather unaffected as was usual for his species. It did taste good, though, and while they were waiting for the last rays of sunshine to fade away from the horizon and Dean kept glancing at him, he completely forgot that he should be cautious around the alpha, so he glanced back.
“There’s no pretending,” Dean went on. “You spend my rut with me, you’re gonna get fucked in the ass. Repeatedly.”
“Stay down or I’m going to shoot your ass again!” Cas said with more confidence than he actually felt. But that was okay because…
Obviously, Dean was very happy about the outcome—which might mean that he hadn’t looked forward to a repeat performance the same way Cas had.
That’s when it clicked. Castiel had assumed Anna was the reason Dean had been miserable, but Dean hadn’t even known who Anna
“Do it already,” Cas whined, which was probably as close to begging as the snarky omega was accustomed to.
He rested his lips against Cas’ temple, holding still for a moment before moving them ever so slightly.
omega—in heat who just took his time scenting every inch of him. Well, every inch above the waistline in any case. Of course, with all of those stimuli, he was hard—had been hard ever since Cas’ heat scent had hit, really—but while his alpha wanted to start making pups with this omega, Dean found that this kind of intimacy was actually more important.
After Gabe’s ludicrous comment, he hadn’t been able to help himself and had done some research—the bookstore actually had a great section about bonding and mating.
been curious, he had opened the stupid book and he had eventually found out what all the fussing and ‘You’re awesome’s had been about. Dean wasn’t an alpha in love, he was simply doing what his manual had told him.
sex. I’m not twenty anymore. You’re not in heat, I’m not in rut.” Plus, Cas hadn’t even smelled aroused, so Dean added, “You know you can say no if you don’t feel like it.”
The only problem was: the agreement had been to ‘scent for a bit.’ And Dean had talked a big game, reassuring Cas that he’d be able to hold his alpha back—and then he’d gone ahead and fucked him in the ass the first chance he got.
Since they had agreed to forego the uncomfortable small talk phase, Cas could ask the real questions.
Dean stammered his way through some sort of denial. “Oh, well… It’s perfectly natural if you scent someone… I mean, with scent compatibility and all… It’s not like I’d jump you, you know?” he finally settled on saying.
“That’s my neighbor, that’s just my neighbor!” Jimmy yelled, trying to step around Dean, but he wouldn’t allow it and pushed him right back behind himself, all the while keeping his eyes fixed on the intruders.
Dean was startled awake by someone whimpering and thrashing about. It took him a moment to figure out what was going on.
This was just about finding relief together anyway. And maybe a little bit about proving to himself that his alpha was into omegas, which shouldn’t be anything he had to prove in the first place because
Of course, having only come out of heat, his omega was still craving contact and wanted to be taken care of, so he might have been a bit more cuddly than usual and he might have tried to get Dean to put his arm around him (with success. Once he had leaned into Dean, there hadn’t been anywhere else for him to put his arm). That was surely not weird for alpha friends to be doing—right?
Taking Cas by the neck, he pushed the other alpha down to lie back on the couch, following suit and crowding him, before letting go of his neck to bare his teeth just slightly, just enough to tell him who was boss and that he better not move while Dean leaned over the couch to fish for his jeans.
They had known him as someone who’d always flirt with omegas wherever he went, someone who had no trouble picking up omegas just with the right kind of smile and a cocked eyebrow. Accepting him as anything other than omegasexual would be an adjustment for sure.
He had broken the first rule when he had still had his cock up the alpha’s ass: Purgaytory wasn’t the place to friggen
Back in heaven, Castiel thought long and hard about how to go about bringing Dean and Anna together.
Of course, his neighbor had to turn out to be the sexiest alpha alive. Figured. So, maybe it had been the pretty green eyes that had made Cas incapable of turning down the invitation.
Cas’ face turned pink as he scooted away in return. Great. He had realized what had just happened and was embarrassed again. While Cas was kind of cute with pink ears and a pink neck, this had so not been Dean’s intention.
He might just ruin everything, but he knew Dean well enough to know that there was no way the alpha would say it, so Cas took a deep breath and, praying he wasn’t wrong about this, asked, his voice just above a whisper, “For
Those rut suppressants had worked better in the past. Right now, even with the suppressants, it was hard keeping his alpha at bay.
Dean was an alpha, yet here he was, trying to undo the damage other alphas had done. As Dean’s warm hands gently massaged the lotion into his scars, Cas felt a tear well up and spill across his cheek into the pillow beneath. Another one followed suit.
It was rather strange, being instructed how to scent. Stranger still was the position he was in with an alpha he had only just met. A nose on someone’s scent gland was usually reserved for family and partners.
When they arrived at Michael’s place, Castiel was very nervous because Michael would no doubt just wait for them to slip up.
This was the perfect opportunity to show Jimmy that he was an open-minded person who didn’t care about anyone’s sexual orientation or jerk-off habits.
And his hand wouldn’t brush against Cas’ again, even on the way back from the grocery store—which, for some reason, saddened Cas. He liked having Dean’s hand close. But it was probably something else he had to put on his list of things he wanted, but couldn’t have.
He’d had sex with the same alpha three times now. That was two too many. But apparently, that’s what he and Cas were doing now. It wasn’t like it wasn’t fun. Cas made all the right sounds, and since Dean had fucked him multiple times, he knew how to get him to accept Dean as the dominant alpha.
Burger halfway to his mouth, Dean forgot to take a bite. “What?” That sounded like they had talked about him during the last check-up. (Which had incidentally been this morning. Not that Dean had scheduled this dinner tonight on purpose.) “Why? What’d he say?”
When he had fucked nameless alphas in Purgaytory, he had never much cared about their orgasms. They had lost the fight, their asses had to pay for it, that was it. Dean wasn’t responsible for their pleasure nor did he care if they got off.
Damn, Cas was looking hella kissable, holding his gaze with that impenetrable stare of his. Time to remove those clothes that were in the way.
Only, Jimmy didn’t seem all that chatty, so after a few one-word answers to great conversation starters, Dean gave up and they finished the shower in silence.
—did things to Dean’s alpha. Things that were slightly confusing and mixed in with a sudden, strong desire to scent mark that omega until he smelled taken.
“Yeah, all out of those, too.” Dean tried to shoo him away, but of course, Justin wasn’t so easily deterred.
True to Cas’ word, Gabriel stalked into the parlor Monday morning, looking as pissed off as ever. He refused to speak to Dean unless he needed something and even then he used short, clipped sentences. One could hardly call him productive, but at least he was there.
Not wanting to set him off, Dean gave an awkward laugh before handing over the parlor keys and taking his leave.
Cas hummed in agreement and opened his mouth to speak before his phone dinged. He picked it up and wrinkled his nose. “It’s from Dean.” He said, feeling annoyance bubble up.
With a teasing smile Dean slowly undid the buttons of his shirt until Cas was practically growling at him before he chuckled and pulled it off, letting it fall to the floor.
“This isn’t some piece of fiction for a romantic teenager to read.” Dean said with a snort. “He hurt me, Charlie. Coffee isn't going to fix that.”
“Dean…. It’s your father… need help… on a hunt… Jericho, California. I’ll send you informat- Be careful…. She’s-“
” Chuck’s face went pale then bright red before he coughed. He seemed to sober a bit. “Uh yeah, my condolences again of course.” He added, slipping is arm from Bobby’s shoulder.
Cas had never liked parties, unlike his brother who practically lived for them. He preferred to stay in his room or tend to his garden.
Dean had said over text that he’d be there at 8 sharp, but it was half past 10 and he was nowhere in sight. Something in Cas was telling him he wasn’t going to show up at all.
It took a while but they eventually figured out a routine. They would wake up and get ready together, occasionally Cas would whip something together for breakfast but they usually ate something quick before heading out to their respective workplaces. Cas would stop by the parlor after he finished at the school and they would chat a little before Cas went back to his house where Dean had unofficially been living ever since Cas had given him a key. Cas would then do his work until Dean came home then they would eat dinner and snuggle on the couch while watching T.V. until they went to bed. Sometimes they fooled around but most of the time sleep was the only thing they thought about, then they would wake up and do it all over again until Sunday, on which they held a family dinner with Bobby, Sam, and Gabriel.
Dean swallowed harshly and the contents of his drink out and rinsed the glass quickly before filling it with water, trying to ignore Cas as the other man opened the fridge and poured himself some juice.
Several days later, Castiel returned home from his classes to find a bed, a refrigerator full of groceries, and a brand new prepaid cell phone. The phone already had a contact in it and Castiel couldn’t help but roll his eyes because honestly? A Thief in the Night?
Chuck’s snicker disappeared into a cough that was too strained to be real as Ty choked on his drink.
Dean tried to keep his focus on the cheesy soap opera that played on the tv but his mind kept drifting to Cas. Was he still expecting Dean even though he said he wasn’t coming? It was nearly eight and tomorrow was a school day, surely at some point he would give up and just go to bed.
Dean squinted up at the bartender, a young woman with short black hair and blue eyes, someone he might have made a pass at, had John been with him. It was always easier to pretend when they looked like Cas.
They could hear Olivia chattering excitedly and minutes later she walked into the living room, pulling Cas behind her.
“You’re good to go, pal.” Dean said softly, grabbing his shoulder and giving it a comforting squeeze.
With a jolt, Cas realized he was staring in awe, his mouth dropped open and everything, he was practically salivating.
“I don’t know,” He said grimly. “He disappeared ten years ago,” He turned around to fuss with coffee machine, unable to look the other man in the eye.
Cas grinned and held up a bag of fast food. “I thought you might like some lunch even though it’s nearly two.” He said, setting the bag on the counter and giving him an apologetic look. “Gabriel told me that the two of you fought.”
Within no time, Castiel had a functioning TV, furnace, and door, plus food and a place to sleep that wasn’t the floor and he couldn’t thank them enough.
“The Kansas District.” Cas said, eyes alighting. “Home of the most beautiful sunflowers around, if I am correct.”
“You’re stronger than you look,” Dean remarked, lifting his hands up to rub Cas’ hips and across his ass.
Cas nodded. “He thinks you’re using me and he wants me to cut it off with you.” He stated, rolling his eyes. “Which I’m not going to do.” He added quickly at Dean’s alarmed look.
“Dean?” Cas called out as he shoved his way in. He searched the room and located Dean on the floor in a tangle of sheets and blankets. “Are you alright?” Cas asked, rushing over to his side. He scanned him for injuries and then looked around the room for a possible threat.
Rowena didn’t bother to stop herself from rolling her eyes before she turned her back to Chuck to face Ty. “And what about your son? Benjamin right? Did he ever go into football like he was planning?”
“I knew it!” Gabriel snapped, smacking the magazine on the counter. “You went on a date with my brother!”
Cas was out finding information on their latest big bad and Dean had found a small salt and burn only a couple hours away, a simple over night deal. At first, Sam was hesitant to go by himself until Dean casually mentioned the bookstore near the place that was having a hug sale and then Sam practically ran out the door.
You’re wonderful.” Dean stated, pulling off the lid and inhaling the delicious aroma coming from the container. “Hey guys! Lunch is here!”
Cas gently pushed him on his back before kneeling at the edge of his bed and fumbling with his belt.
Guys! I finally finished!!! Thank you all for your support and a special thanks to everyone who helped me with editing and ideas!!!
“Be right back.” He said slowly standing up, gripping the edge of the table, swaying slightly for a moment before steadying out. “I promised my son I’d call him to check in.”
After the White Witch had been taken care of, John convinced Dean to go with him on his hunt to kill Azazel, the demon that killed their mother. Along the way, they found themselves being followed by several other demons that were attacking all of John’s old friends. Worrying for Sam, Gabriel, and Bobby’s sake, John convinced him to cut ties completely.
Cas was squirming from the oversensitivity and just when it started to be too much Dean let out a long moan as he spilled inside him.
Sam stood in front of him looking far different from the boy he had left behind a decade ago. His hair was longer, his muscles were more defined, and he lost the youthful vibe he use to have. He looked as though he dressed in a hurry, his shirt was inside out and buttoned up wrong, the fly was down on his jeans, and he was missing shoe. But the thing that amazed Dean the most was the little baby he had cradled in his arms.
“I’m going to go get a drink.” Dean murmured, getting out of his chair and walking to the kitchen. He paced around on the laminate floors trying to gather his thoughts. Half of him wanted to bail out but the other half of him stubbornly insisted he didn’t miss out on one more birthday.
“You should have seen him Cassie! He was witty, intelligent, tall, oh and with just the right amount stubble mhm…. And dear father his eyes!”
It was an amazing coincidence because if he had not chose to walk down this hall, and if he had not been extremely quiet, and had he not been right outside of Dean’s door at that exact moment he wouldn’t of heard the small thump.
“Because the last time he called us you nearly got arrest for murder. If the police hadn’t found that shape shifter you would probably still be in jail.”
“Right.” Cas murmured. He shifted in his seat and picked at his sweatpants. “Dean,” He said swallowing hard. “I would… like to apologize for… everything I said and did that day.”
Dean turned to Gabriel, who stood in the opening of his booth, lollipop in his mouth with a look of concern on his face.
“Don’t wait up, and don’t text me a hundred times.” Bobby warned him, grabbing his coat and taking Crowley’s offered arm.
Bobby welcomed him just as willingly as he did when Dean was a kid. He helped Dean move past the death of his father and his alcoholism with the patience of a saint and even persuaded him to take back his old job at the parlor, something Gabriel was more than willing to hand over.
Bobby Singer wrinkled his nose as a drunken Chuck Shurley swung his arm around his shoulder, leaning way to close into Bobby’s personal space. Bobby leaned away and nearly gagged at the scent of tequila on other man’s breath.
Dean didn’t remember the phone call until nearly an hour later when he spotted his phone on the counter. There was a voicemail from an unknown number and as he selected playback and held the phone to his ear he briefly wondered if it was the telemarketer that kept calling, trying to get him to buy advertising space.
Cas leaned down to pick up the items that the other man had dropped; he turned bright red when he realized they were condoms. Large condoms.
Dean was definitely bigger than his toy. Part of him wanted to take it all in one go and relish in the burn but he knew he would hate himself in the morning if he did. Instead his took his time, taking it inch by inch, both groaning when he bottomed out.
Dean waved Cas off when he started towards him and then went and set in one of the colorful plastic chairs in the back. Several of the kids he had come to know from his brief visits waved shyly at him before turning their attention back to their teacher.
Dean’s phone buzzed again this time with Castiel asking for information for a background check. He hesitated for a minute.
He briefly wondered if John knew. Obviously he didn’t know about Cas but surely he noticed when Dean desperately tried to cover the angel tattoo on his hip, or avoided pie, or avoided literally any of the things that reminded him of Cas. John had never mentioned it, other than to tell him to perk up or get laid.
