Something about the way he asks is so fucking hot it makes Dean moan. The mental image of being completely laid bare while Cas is still fully clothed has heat curl low in his belly and his dick thickens further. He has a brief moment of self-consciousness when his tee is gone, because with all the resting he’s been forced to do he’s put on weight, and his thighs have gotten meatier, his belly softer and his love handles more pronounced.
side like glue, but he knows there’s no fighting Cas on this, and Dean was the one who promised to stay close. He’s just going to have to watch Sam’s back while Cas watches his.
“B-b-b-backr-r-r-rub,” he mumbles into the comforter he's lying on, barely intelligible. “N-n-now.”
Oh yeah, right. Dean threw up and then drooled all over Cas. Dean winces, but is quickly distracted by the sight of, well. Cas's arms, for one thing. They’re so… huge. Like his hands, but... more. And then his chest. Cas is so
And anyway, it had all worked out fine in the end. Except, of course, Sammy has to be a little shit about it and tease Dean about having ‘caught the bug.’
“Do you think I’m overreacting?” Castiel asks, wondering himself if that's the case.
Dean would complain, except Cas is looking smug and happy, and also Dean's still giggling too much.
The second snowman is more traditional, and Castiel immediately knows that it was Jack who made it. It’s about Jack’s height and wearing a black top hat that Castiel wonders where they got it from. Its smile is made from tiny black beans, it has an actual carrot for a nose, and one arm is raised in a friendly wave.
Beside him, Cas tenses. Dean looks to the right towards where Cas is aiming his flashlight at the opposite wall. On a nest of branches, a dark mass is wriggling, twisting, swaying. As the light hits it, it starts to make confused chirping noises. Then the mass splits into two, three, four, until finally, six pairs of eyes are staring at them. The chirping turns into threatening growls and then pure chaos breaks out as all of them attack at once like they’ve got some kind of hive mind.
“I…” Cas doesn’t seem to know how to react for a moment. “How did that happen?”
? D-dude, Cas, th-this is a-a-a t-t-two w-w-way str-r-reet, man.” He motions between them. “Y-you c-c-can’t j-j-just d-d-d—”  His agitation makes him block, again, and he has to take a couple deep breaths to calm and center himself. Sometimes it’s downright painful when he can’t get the words out. Cas takes his hand again, squeezing it.
“Yes, but…”
“You smell good,” Eileen remarks, sniffing the air. “New soap?”
“I know you’re a caretaker,” Cas says, slowly, like he’s marshaling his thoughts, “and I am endlessly grateful for how you’ve helped Jack today. But he is not your responsibility, nor should he ever have been. I will always regret that caring for him fell to you and Sam, when you had never signed up for that. And yet, you worry about him. And you worry about Sam. About Eileen. About Sam
“Well, the molecules inside your mouth are tasting terrible.”
“I will keep them, Dean. Thank you.”
“Yes, but you,
“Are you sure?” Eileen asks. “I can reheat it for you.”
“Don’t fall asleep again,” Castiel warns him. “You’ll lie awake all night.”
They’re only a few miles away from Lebanon when Dean remembers that Wal-Mart is at the next exit and decides he doesn’t want take-out for dinner. Besides, they’ve been away for a week so the fridge will need restocking anyway.
Dean’s thumb is running back and forth over Castiel’s ring. It’s an endearing action that he knows Dean turns to for comfort sometimes, with both Castiel’s and his own ring. Now, it’s what’s finally making Castiel’s eyes well up, all the emotions of the last couple of days crashing over him.
Cas comes over and picks up the hoodie, squinting at it. "That's a little dramatic. And the navy one needs to be washed."
Dean frowns and changes position again but just can’t ignore it.
And it should have been fine. But mere seconds later, Dean’s heart had started beating faster and faster and not for fun reasons this time. Suddenly, everything felt weird. Panic clawed at his lungs—he felt funny every time before a seizure, but not like this. Not all slimy inside and out. Not guilty like he’d just done something wrong.
"Eh, you l-l-love it," Dean says offhandedly, flipping a burger patty.
Dean walks past the fireplace they've built and to the top of the hill where a fallen tree is serving as a makeshift bench. When they've sat down, Dean throws the blanket over both their backs.
Dean swallows, feeling guilty. If he'd managed to put his foot down...
“Stop mak-k-king fun of me just c-c-cause you d-don’t need to eat.”
By the time the song comes to a close, Dean is asleep.
People are touching him and he doesn't want them to but for some reason he’s really weak—he tries to bat them away but his limbs barely move.
“No, s-s-seriousl-l-ly. I know you’re not t-t-touchy f-f-feely l-l-like me, so. This m-m-means a l-l-lot.”
Cas is staring out into the parking lot.
Dean goes to hit the head and by the time he walks outside with his little take-out box of stew, everyone's already piled back into the Impala. Sam is sitting shotgun again, and Dean would think it's for Jack's benefit so he can be in the back with Cas, except Jack seems to have fallen asleep. Dean would really like to have Cas be in the front with him, so Cas could nag him about staying hydrated and they could argue some more about whether Cowboys vs Aliens is a
Dean grimaces. There's not even bodies left behind they could bury, helping them mourn. No one except them and Molly will ever even know what really happened to them.
Dean wants to reach out and put a comforting hand on her arm, but he’s pretty sure she wouldn’t be okay with that. “We’re gonna d-d-d-do everything we can to s-s-s-s-stop whatever is doing th-this,” he says, voice pitched low. “I promise.”
Taking charge, Castiel gently lifts Dean's hands out of the suds and cleans them off, putting the grate and the sponge aside.
He's just managed to obtain fresh milk while standing next to a man with an incredibly historically inaccurate replica of a samurai sword strapped to his back and whose body odor likely would have made Castiel nauseous if he was human. Suddenly, the obnoxiously happy Christmas music blaring through the speakers is interrupted by a weary voice announcing, "Mr. Cas Winchester, your husband is at register six."
He tries to give Dean a reassuring smile but then ruins it by grimacing when his grace causes another uncomfortable twinge in his chest. Before he can protest, Dean has pushed him back to lean against the headboard and lifted his legs back onto the bed. Dean tucks him in, forces the glass of water in his hands, and then stalks out the door.
Except then it happened again.
to Sam, and gets an
He broadcasts his movements, giving Cas plenty of time to back out, but Cas just puts the milk bottle down and steps right into the hug, drawing Dean close. Dean sighs and leans his head on Cas's shoulder, tucking his face into Cas's neck.
He's all the way dressed again already when he realizes that his flannel doesn't match his tee. It shouldn't fucking matter. Ain't like he's trying to impress anyone, right?
With the night so clear, and from their vantage point high above the lights of Lebanon, the stars are laid out like a tapestry above them. Ursa Major is to their right, and despite knowing it 80 light years away from Earth, to Castiel it feels a lot closer tonight. Using it to find the star Arcturus—the bear keeper—in the constellation of the Herdsman, Castiel stares at the star for a long time, trying to draw strength from its light and calm his nerves.
“Of course, Bear.” Then he frowns as he seems to remember something. “I think Jack is on to us. When it was determined that we would not be going to SeaWorld because the animals are being exploited there, he said he was really happy that he at least saw that
Cas draws back from Dean but keeps a hand on his arm. “Of course. How’s Jack?”
The rooms are nice, much nicer than what they usually get for 70 dollars a night. Dean almost falls asleep in the shower, and then again when he makes the mistake of sitting down on the bed, but there's a nice little Mexican place right next door, and he's starving. He herds everyone in there, and while Jack ate the rest of the stew after he woke up in the car, the mother hen in Dean is only appeased when the kid gets a serving of nachos and starts wolfing them down in a manner eerily similar to Dean himself.
“What would
Dean reaches for his hand.
If Cas was wondering what took him so long, he doesn’t show it. He’s got his legs stretched out, ankles crossed, and is once again watching the stars. Over half their bed is bathed in moonlight, and maybe it’s how soft that’s making everything look, or maybe it’s the quiet of the night or the privacy of their room, but something makes Dean brave enough to get on the bed and climb into Cas's lap and press kisses into his mouth.
Cas puts his hands on Dean’s back and Dean lets himself melt into a puddle of goo against him. Under his ear, Cas's heart is beating slow and even, soothing Dean back into sleep.
This has happened a lot lately—usually during cuddling time but also at bed time or when Dean wakes up during the night and can’t settle back into sleep. He says he likes hearing about things Castiel has witnessed, and Castiel is happy to share his memories with him—the ones that weren’t taken from him, that is. He has told Dean about ancient warriors and beasts and battles long-forgotten. About the first sword that was forged, the first stars that were named.
There's a sandwich on the plate. Dean eyes it with suspicion.
“Cas?”
Dean went cross eyed for a moment, trying to see the smudge. Cas chuckled. “Let me.”
Mock-offended, Dean scowls at him. “Th-that’s one of th-the o-o-only s-s-songs I c-c-can still s-s-sing a-a-at l-l-least the chorus of with-thout soundin’ st-t-tupid. L-l-let me h-have th-that.”
“Oh.”
Mary and Eileen pat his back consolingly, though Castiel can see both of them trying to hide their amused smiles.
“Of course,
When Cas came back, Dean had only marginally managed to calm down. Confused and ashamed though he didn’t know why, Dean claimed to be tired and headed to bed early. Cas wished Dean good night and squeezed his shoulder before heading back to the library. Dean lay in bed wide awake for two hours, unable to calm down after realizing that he didn’t know if the touch had felt good or bad.
“Sam’s just j-j-jealous he don’t sound l-l-like he g-g-gurgles grav-v-vel every m-m-mornin’. F-f-forget ‘bout him, Cas. Bes-s-sides, he a-a-ain’t here. ‘S just me, a-a-and I l-l-like your v-v-voice.”
Wrenching his gaze away from Cas’s hands, Dean drops it into his coffee mug, watching the dark liquid swirl before he takes a sip. Finally succeeding in clearing his throat, he manages a half-shrug with one shoulder.
"We won!" Jack pipes up happily.
Dean hopes they can at least go back to being friends though. He thinks he can learn to be okay with that, but he can't be okay completely without Cas.
Dean smiles at him fondly, but it slips when he winces again. He blinks rapidly and then his gaze wanders aimlessly for a moment until it comes back to Castiel. His eyes are out of focus and he frowns, his grip on Castiel’s hand weakening.
Dean tells him to shut up but with his mouth smashed against cotton it comes out completely unintelligible.
like that.”
“What? No. Those are for kids, Cas.” Dean’s frowning suddenly, upset for reasons Castiel can’t quite grasp. Without another word, Dean wheels himself away and towards the exit.
“He's being rude. Why is he being rude? I didn't kiss you, I wasn't even going to.”
Dean blinks in disorientation for a moment, then turns away and shakes his head.
"C'mon, he looks like a drowned wookie."
“Hey, can you text Sam? Wanna do a grocery haul.”
“I won’t engage whatever it is on my own. And I will call you immediately. I promise.”
him discover it, and has let Castiel soothe whatever pain was associated with it.
After moving the blanket so it covers both of them, Castiel settles back in, finally able to rest. Dean's warmth and his heartbeat soothe him into an almost sleep-like state, and he only startles awake when there's a soft knock on the door.
“Do you want the rest of mine? It’s buttermilk and blueberries.”
"Sure y'are. C'mon, short-st-t-top."
“Tease,” Dean mock-complains, and then there’s yelling, and they both look down the hill just in time to see the first fireworks go off. Castiel barely has time to admire the golden and red sparks raining down before he’s grabbed by the tie and Dean is pressing their mouths together.
"I w-w-went to go take a piss and
He's surrounded by books and busy taking notes when he realizes that it's been hours since Dean left to take the laundry out of the dryer. He tries to tell himself that Dean just got distracted by something else, but when Sam comes to find him a while later, Castiel can already tell from his expression that something is up.
“Good morning, Dean.”
Fingers, caressing the back of his neck and the short hairs there with intent—
Any other day, Dean might use the opportunity to jerk off, just for that extra bit of relaxation. But today, that'd be a recipe for disaster. He doesn't think he could look Cas in the eye after, or even be around him without blushing like a repressed maiden. No, no, no. Not doing that. He turns the shower to cold until the urge passes, and that's it.
“Dean. When Michael took you...it left a
Dean grins even as he feels himself blush a little. “You c-c-could k-k-kiss it better.”
When Sam brings it up and Dean makes vague excuses that he doesn't even remember later,  Sam just nods like it makes perfect sense. "Of course,  Dean. There’s no rush, I mean, the beach isn't going anywhere. To be honest,  I'd much rather finish setting up our hunting network first now that we actually have time for it. Eileen wants to help too and we have so many ideas, I'm really excited."
Swallowing hard to keep the emotion that wants to spill out of his mouth and eyes contained, Dean nods. Eileen reaches out and squeezes his arm, her grip warm and strong. He only just manages not to tense up. When she lets go and moves to get out the cutlery, he takes a deep breath and blinks his eyes to keep them dry.
Dean has swung a leg over Castiel’s thighs and stroked his warm, oil-slickened hands up Castiel’s sore back. It feels so good, Castiel can’t help the way his eyes close and his muscles relax.
Grabbing his oven mitts, Dean puts the tray in the pre-heated oven. The heat makes his cheeks flush, warms his hands and his chest.
Walking up to look over Dean’s shoulder, Castiel sees a notebook page where, in big block letters, it says “FOR YOUR SWIM LESSONS.” Dean has a pen in hand and appears to be trying to copy the letters onto a card. He seems to have gotten stuck right on the first letter : his ‘F’ backwards and wobbly and full of extra strokes. Castiel doubts he’d have recognized it if he didn’t know what Dean was trying to write.
“Kid just n-n-needed a nudge in the r-r-right direction.”
movie with everyone—the extended edition, of course.
His heart is already racing and it’s only bound to get worse. Dean’s body has realized by now that Cas has left them. The good-bad touches are gone, and even though Dean knows it’s irrational, his body is once again pretty damn sure that no one is ever going to touch them again. It doesn’t know whether to be relieved or terrified about that and the solution seems to be to make Dean feel like he’s dying.
“This a-a-ain’t workin’. Can you—”
“Okay,” Dean says at length. “Th-that's great.”
Gesturing at Castiel to shimmy down the bed, Dean climbs between his legs and makes himself at home with his head on Castiel’s chest. He pushes his sleep mask back down and rubs his cheek against Castiel’s shirt.
bad movie.
“Are you okay? You said to wait, but then you weren’t coming back—”
They fall into an uncomfortable silence. Dean only now realizes that Cas muted the movie at some point. He’s not really interested in watching it anyway. He’d rather talk to Cas, because he misses that and Cas is leaving tonight.
“Do you need help getting undressed?” Cas asks, though he must already know the answer. Dean doesn’t let him help with this anymore unless the seizure was bad enough it leaves him no choice.
Without lifting his head, Dean mumbles his answer into Castiel’s shoulder.
But Dean’s too tired to argue, so he just gives Cas his take-out box for safe keeping, and then guides Baby back onto the road.
"I wanted to do this
Jack is smiling widely even though he does look tired.
“Dean! He’s gone. Michael’s gone. You didn’t do those things,
Cas sighs and shakes his head.
"Go pee. I'll wait here."
For a while, Castiel tries to go back to his book but he finds he can't concentrate. Not for the first time, he longs to follow Dean into sleep, to just rest and not have to think for a while.
When the plate is empty, Dean leans his head on Cas's shoulder and closes his eyes. He’s getting real sick and tired of barely being able to do anything but sleep, but he’s so tuckered out he doesn’t even have the energy to mope about it.
with him to build up a collection. Must be Sam's boring nerd influence.
Just like the night before, Dean lingers after Sam has gone to bed. Not as long though—his eyes are burning with fatigue, the stress of the last couple of weeks finally catching up with him. After washing the dishes, he dries his hands on a dishtowel and makes to duck out of the kitchen. Shoulders already curved around the growing hollow in his chest.
Dean signals and guides Baby off the highway while the others continue off towards home. He can’t wait to be home too—he’s gotten used to driving with the hand-controls, but what he’s still not used to is being forty and not being able to handle driving for hours anymore.
Castiel hesitates.
Sudden knocking makes him jump. Turning his head, he sees Mary outside the car. She looks apologetic but also like whatever they need his input with can’t wait.
Upon seeing Castiel’s dismayed expression, Dean starts to shake his head and then stops and winces. “Nope. N-n-no. Your t-t-turn.”
"Quit ogling me and ge-ge-get in he-here, dumbass."
even though Cas is probably in heaven already and won’t even see it for days. Then he sends a
Dean thinks about it but then shakes his head. "We've done what I wanted to do already.  What you wanna do?"
It's the first time anyone's touched Dean in days, and it's so
Castiel takes a moment to thumb through the selfies. He supposes they did turn out funny and he likes how happy Dean looks just being silly. There is one though that gives him pause—he must have hit the shutter once without noticing while they were getting ready. In the picture, Castiel is frowning while Dean is looking at him instead of the camera. His smile is very soft and his eyes are warm. There’s a certain open vulnerability to his expression that Castiel has noticed Dean really only shows when they’re in private, when he feels safe.
He assists Castiel in storing away their groceries in the trunk, but even though they’re out of the store now, their irritation remains. They’re still arguing by the time they walk back into the bunker, arms loaded with groceries and the bags of rock salt.
this was the good shit—he patted the one next to it. "Get comfortable, we still haven't finished
The moment Baby jolts to a halt on the shoulder, Dean fumbles the door open on his side, leans out and pukes all over the gravel. Since his stomach is empty it's just water and bile, but the sharp, disgusting taste still makes him cough and splutter. Cas's hand is between his shoulder blades, rubbing gently, while he keeps Dean from tumbling out of the car with the other. Dean pants and dry heaves for another minute, but apparently he has nothing else to throw up. Someone presses a bottle of lukewarm water into his hand, and he uses it to rinse out his mouth. The nausea is still going strong, his head feels like it's splitting open, and he just wants to be unconscious,
The one-on-one time with Cas lifts Dean’s mood, but while he’s cooking dinner, he slowly slips into melancholy.
He was sinking back down. He couldn’t breathe. Their
From behind his hands, Castiel growls, "No.”
“That's because you didn't listen to me when I told you what I put where.”
Cas must notice, because he draws back a little, asks, “Can you look at me now?”
Sam throws his bag to the side and stands up, only to hover like an angry giraffe. “No, and I told you we're just friends! Stop talking like we're a couple!”
He must have made some kind of noise because Cas looks up at him. “Hey,” he says, his smile soft but his eyes worried. There’s a bruise on his temple and blood splattered over his shirt. He takes Dean’s face in his hands and, slowly, gently, presses four kisses against his mouth, not seeming to mind that Dean can barely kiss back.
Dean grumbles something to himself and then pushes his face back into Castiel’s chest.
Castiel wants to say, but— “Aren’t you tired?”
Dean straightens a little and rolls his eyes at him, though he's still smiling. "Hello t-t-to you too, C-C-Cas. And hu-hu-hush, th-th-there are kids in the room."
It's not that Dean doesn't know how to ask, it's that he doesn't think he could handle the answer. He can't handle a lot these days.
Dean tightens his arms around him.
Dean, you really scared him. If whatever they were doing hadn’t meant that Jack couldn’t leave heaven at that moment, they’d have left right then and there.”
" Cas says, and Dean can't help the way his shoulders hunch and his cheeks burn with shame, even though Cas sounds more concerned than scolding.
The confirmation that he’s not the only one wanting to stay close has Dean melt a little. But, “Hey, I get it. B-But actually I was g-gonna ask you if you could go with Eil-l-leen.” At Cas confused frown he adds, “She seems a little l-l-lonely. I think sh-she and Sam had a fight or s-s-something. I d-don’t want h-her to feel left out.”
Dean still can’t bring himself to meet Cas's eyes, and Cas's voice softens.
Cas doesn’t meet his eyes when Dean looks at him, shifting on his feet as if embarrassed, a defensive look on his face. “I realize this sounds—sappy,” he says, sounding frustrated, like he can’t find the right words. “But I—”
“Let me.” Cas heaves Dean's bag on the bed and then moves to get Dean’s toiletry kit from the bathroom. It's kind of nice being fussed over, but Dean needs a distraction from how it felt to have Cas's broad, strong hand on his chest, manhandling him. Dean watches with narrowed eyes as Cas folds up his sleeping clothes.
She gives him a thumbs up and walks back towards the library.
"It's okay, it's alright, take your time."
It’s not until they’re in their room that it really registers with Dean how tired he is. Lying down and passing out for a while suddenly holds a lot more appeal than it did five minutes ago, especially once he catches sight of the bed and remembers how comfy it’s proven to be.
to hug again, but enough is enough, he can’t keep demanding Cas giving him these things. His throat’s so tight he can’t even say thank you.
Cas hums, his hand on Dean's back slowing as he frowns thoughtfully.
“Just wanna make sure,” Dean says at length. He sounds sincere but also a little evasive. “You’d tell me if you weren’t, right?”
though, before it hurts anyone else.
“Then I’ll do it myself!”
Dean slumps further against the counter, huddles into his hoodie and licks sugary coffee residue off of his lips.
“Yeah, b-but you're not happy 'bout it. You two f-f-fight?”
“Nice, but you know how it is,” Dean puts his hand on his heart and flutters his eye-lashes. “I could never stay away from you for long.”
“You’re a dumbass,” Dean complains weakly, and then he tugs Castiel down and into a kiss. When they part, Dean adds, “And annoying,” and then reels him back in to kiss him again.
Realizing that he’s run out of excuses, and that Dean has a point in saying they’re alone right now, Castiel finally gives in.
"It's for like—kicking back, having fun." He gestured vaguely at the way he'd arranged everything. "What, uh. What d'ya think?"
. He’s g-g-gone. A-a-a-and he’s n-not c-c-coming-g b-b-back.”
Sam thinks it might be another one of those every-part-of-the-buffalo kind of vampire nests that Donna and Jody discovered back in the day, which would explain both the quantity of people missing and the lack of bodies.
Eileen leans up and pecks him on the cheek and then says, "They were really not."
“Dean.”
He’s aware he’s crying again but he keeps his eyes shut and his body tense and still. Cas sounds wrecked too when he asks, “Is it just me, or—”
It doesn't have to mean anything, Castiel tells himself, trying to keep his worry and disappointment in check. Dean is likely just busy.
“‘S a-a-all goin’ s-s-so well. Th-that’s usual-l-ly when stuff st-t-tarts goin’ w-w-wrong f-f-for us. A-a-and I can’t—I
They talk little, but the silence in between isn’t uncomfortable. What little conversation there is moves in circles. Dean asks Cas if he’s sure he’s okay what with those piranha-faced dicks kidnapping him. Cas reminds him that Dean’s the one that needs rest. Since Dean doesn’t want to leave, the concern makes him defensive. And also shy, because this is Cas paying attention to him and wanting to make sure that
Cas. Cas had kissed him.
“I know how much I can spare, Dean. Let me.”
Huffing out a breath of laughter, Sam shakes his head.
"No, I did. It's really great when everyone is here. With Jody and Donna and the girls, I feel a little like I have four sisters and two aunts." His smile fades and Castiel leans closer, putting a hand on his shoulder.
The shame stays, though. What the fuck does he have to cry about? He ain't the one who got tortured by God and then had to watch his lover walk away.
“Dean,” he’d said, with such gravity, like they were standing at the altar about to say their vows. “I would like to kiss you. May I?”
Castiel is tired and was almost dozing, but now he feels wide awake as Sam’s words fill him with confusion and alarm.
It’s all so incredibly caring, so protective that Dean’s eyes well up all over again.
Sammy and Cas exchanged a look that Dean did not like at all.
“They’re coming back. Should we get ready?”
Sam and Jack laugh. Cas tucks Dean's arm back against him and says, like Dean is some petulant child, “Sleep, Dean.”
to do that.” He pauses while Dean can do nothing but stare at him, heart in his throat. “I have left you behind enough. And I don’t want to dismiss your feelings about that anymore, or my own.”
“Again then.”
"...I do."
Instead of getting angry back, Cas calmly holds his gaze. “I think that sometimes, we’d rather have the guilt of believing we could have done something differently than have to face that we were powerless. And that’s what you were, Dean. You let him in because you were desperate, but that doesn’t mean you consented to what happened after.”
“You’ve eaten fruits, it’s not the same.”
No, no, no.
“It’s him! I told you, I told—”
For lack of anything better to do, he climbs into the backseat of the Impala and makes himself comfortable with the blanket that's stashed there. He watches the woods through the window, trying to enjoy the quiet instead of letting it unsettle him after hours of near-constant noise.
Sam nods, probably having expected that answer. The tremble in Dean’s hands might not be visible right now with how thoroughly he’s wrapped up in thick winter clothes, but it’s impossible to miss how much his recent episode has drained him. This morning was the first time in two days that he's been able to leave their room for longer than trips to the bathroom, and he's still unsteady on his feet and sensitive to light and noise.
“I’m feeling much better.”
It’s another twelve hours until, finally, the witches are defeated, and they can drive back home. Dean again doesn’t pick up when Castiel calls, so he leaves him a voicemail. The hunters that came with them are staying at the cabin to rest, and Castiel drives Mary’s car back to the bunker, giving her a chance to catch a few hours of sleep in the backseat.
He turns to Dean and folds him into his arms, holding on tight, and Dean is helpless to do anything but grip him back, heart pounding, his knees weak for reasons entirely unrelated to the gruesome climb up the hill they’re standing on.
Now, Cas's arms are resting on Dean’s back, shifting slightly like he’s typing or scrolling through something on his phone. Dean has vague memories of waking up scared from another nightmare last night, only awake long enough to say Cas's name in a panic and for Cas to shush him and adjust Dean in his arms, before he fell back asleep.
Cas is coming up behind it, feet silent, angel blade held high and ready to strike. Dean’s grip on his knife tightens as he gets ready to come out of hiding. They just need one opening, one moment of distraction.
“You good?”
Sighing, Castiel gets rid of the bottles and then walks up to him, putting a hand on his back.
Dean shrugs and worries at the label of his Margiekugel. The glue is strong, he only ever succeeds in stripping off tiny little pieces.
“Sound-d-ded k-kinda n-n-nice actually,” Dean says, trying for light and joking and landing somewhere south of shy and insecure. He clams up, but he can feels Cas staring at him.
There's nothing to do in the kitchen, because they already washed and dried the dishes after dinner. Dean stands in front of the stove helplessly for a good minute until he remembers that Jack likes hot chocolate. Dean can make him that! Hot chocolate goes great with popcorn. And by the time it's ready, Dean will have his shit together again and be able to enjoy some quality time with his family.
As it is, Castiel is debating how to give Dean the out he seems to think he needs, when Dean abruptly gets up and stutters out something vague at no one in particular about checking that the kids aren't trashing his Cave.
When Castiel calls his phone, it rings but Dean doesn’t pick up.
“Alright, fine,” he agrees, and Dean all but bounces off the bed, a wide smile on his face.
Feeling like he’s about to choke on his shame, Dean nods against Cas’s shoulder.
Dean finally rolls onto his back and glares at the ceiling. He checks his phone, then chucks it to the side with a sneer of disgust at himself. He’s being pathetic and needy and stupid. Cas has gotten a lot more careful with himself. He’s told Dean that he knows now he belongs to them, knows his own worth. And he also knows it would tear Dean to shreds if he lost him. Cas will be careful, and he’s going to be back before Dean knows it. Which would happen a hell of a lot faster if Dean would stop being stupid and go the fuck to sleep.
“Dean, I just watched you seize on the kitchen floor and we still don’t know why!” Sam finally yelled over Dean’s continued protests. His eyes were shining wetly, the movements of his hands erratic as he gestured. “Excuse me if I don’t want to perform a highly dangerous, not to mention intensely painful procedure on you just now! Especially when we don’t know if it’ll fix anything or maybe even make it all worse!”
“It’s damage done by an Archangel’s Grace,” Cas would explain, his voice a blend of frustration and grief, “By trauma. I can’t heal that. It will heal by itself, with time, or it won’t.”
Settling back down and shifting his legs so his thighs won’t cramp, Dean rolls his hips experimentally and Cas sucks a sharp breath in through his nose, clutching at him.
"I did. Come on."
more than anybody else, more than he can ask of anyone.
Sam snorts. “I’ll leave you to it then. Behave.” Dean rolls his eyes and Sam chuckles. Standing at the foot of the bed, he squeezes Dean’s ankle in parting and then leaves.
"Dean? Are they—was this not right?"
They’re both smiling too wide to really kiss but they do anyway, until finally Cas draws back and strokes a thumb down Dean’s cheek.
“Alright.” Letting go of Dean’s hand, Castiel gently takes a hold of Dean’s shoulders and helps him sit up. Dean leans on him for a moment, eyes squeezed shut and panting against Castiel’s neck, swallowing every few seconds.
There's Jack's book, Eileen's phone charger, Castiel's trenchcoat that he'd taken off earlier. Dean's C-Pen that really he should be keeping in their room so he doesn't have to go looking for it all the time. A half-empty bag of hot & spicy cheez-its that Eileen and Dean shared earlier, and a newspaper Sam had been reading.
“Sam-m-my?”
The familiar phrase makes Dean smile and feel warm inside.
“I know.”
Cas holds the rest of his ice cream out to Dean. And Dean is fully ready to snatch up the treat, but then he thinks that he kind of wants something else first.
For the next half an hour, he mostly lets the others talk theories while he keeps stuffing his face, though at a slower pace than before.
Translation: "I am human, and I think nothing human is alien to me." from the play "Heauton Timorumenos" by Terence
"That’s- thank you,“ Dean replied. "I gotta tell you, man. This here-“ He awkwardly pointed back and forth between them.
"You invited us, son,“ a male voice replied.
"You mean he went off,“ Sam answered laughing. "Now I know what’s going on. You miss him. God, Dean, you are adorable and so whipped by him. You two really make a good team.“ Immediately, potato chips rained down on Dean.
And maybe they had to lean against the world like against the strongest tornado. Maybe they could learn to fight their tornados - the outside influences - and eventually turn them in their favor. Maybe, then, they could exist in their own absorbent funnel together.
His student was obviously very relieved. She left his office with a big smile, and Castiel was pleased that he had still been able to pass on his energy in this way. After a late afternoon lecture, he made a quick stop at home before heading to the library. This time, the building actually looked a lot busier.
Dean smiled, burying his face in the crook of Cas‘ neck, hugging Cas‘ whole body. "I love you.“
Dean swallowed hard, choking up. He exchanged a few more words with the family before saying goodbye. What exactly had he just done here? He took a deep breath because this was really, really more than he could take right now.
"Tell you what,“ Dean muttered.
They continued talking for a while after that, and Castiel felt better when they hung up. At least a little. Still, he needed to distract himself. He tried to watch a documentary, but as soon as he saw the animals, he thought of his musings about his favorite documentaries to Rambler, and he thought of the cute photo of the angelfish the other had sent him from the aquarium.
Dean didn’t seem to hear him, kept talking himself into a rage. "Anyway, you’re so different. So- Cas, you’re still you, but you’re also so different. And I know how hard being human all out of a sudden is for you. Hell, I should have been the one to-“ Castiel no longer understood who or what Dean was actually angry at.
"Angel,“ he murmured between kisses while he sensed Cas’s breath vibrating against his skin. Subliminally, he felt Cas’s hands wandering over his back and his ass. Cas pressed closer into him, and his body felt so natural against his own that his belly was soon turning into a bonfire.
As Dean buried his fingers in Castiel’s hair, running his nose tenderly along Castiel’s neck, murmuring his name longingly over and over, Castiel felt nothing but warmth and hope.
Instead, he yelled into the night. He leaned his arms on the hood and tried to fight the dizziness. He massaged his temples. In vain. His eyes were burning. A sob escaped him. No. He would not cry. Not now. Dean mustered the last bit of strength and unlocked Baby.
And then they danced.
"I know that.“ He grinned at Cas, and Cas‘ eyes sparkled with amusement. The blue of his eyes was even more intense than usual.
"Charlie, don’t speak riddle with me. What are you even saying?“
He was incredibly intelligent, knew more about hunts and the local lore than anyone else. In many ways, probably more than Sam. He wondered how Sam was doing. Dean hadn’t talked about him at all yet, something that made Castiel wonder a lot.
"Yes, it is very catchy, and I like how it gets stuck in my head the whole day.“ Only Cas would think getting an earworm was a good thing. Dean walked up right beside Cas now, watching the angel for a while.
"Peculiar as in "Holy shit, this crazy motherfucker belongs in a loon bin“ or peculiar as in "Oh, I should find more about this mysterious stranger“? Because I sure as hell hope it’s the second one,“ the man mumbled in a much lower voice.
For the second part of the chapter: I suggest listening to the song Dean mentions in his reply. :) (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLUMmp0tLJA )
In the middle of the night, when his concentration was actually at zero, his computer signaled that he had received a new e-mail. Frowning, he looked at his inbox and his heart gave a little jump. A notification from Geekatism (he hadn’t yet figured out how to turn off notifications), received at 3:49 a.m.
Finally, he sat down on a bench near the shore and was lost in thought. What Angel had written about the song intrigued him even more. And so he used one of the streaming services again and searched for the song. As soon as the first notes sounded, he felt calmer. So much calmer.
He scrolled through the chats on his phone, ignoring the stitch in his chest as he saw his dad’s text again. No, he looked for a message Charlie had sent him yesterday. It had been a bit upfront, but that was just her.
"You don’t get to decide how I feel watching you. I see the goo and the skin rests.“ Cas rolled his eyes. "But I don’t see it, not here.“ Cas pointed to his heart. "I see all which is underneath.“
Then, they looked at each other. Cas seemed a bit bewildered, maybe he was exhausted from the drive. Cas sighed softly and the little smile he gave Dean caused a pleasant shiver on his whole body. At that moment he – again – thought that Cas had never looked better and fought against the urge to kiss him senselessly.
"I know this, Dean. You don’t need to remind me. I told you we maintain a complicated relationship,“ Cas hissed, whereupon Dean raised his arms.
Dean sighed. Part of him wanted to call Bobby, the other part didn’t want to hear about his dad. He was here with Cas and he was happy. He didn’t want to lose that. He deserved these few days of rest. They left the movie theater and walked back to the car laughing. In one arm Dean carried the rest of the popcorn, with the other he held Cas, who moved closer to him with every step and was finally pressed close to him. Dean felt as if he should burst with happiness. The cell phone Dean had buried in his pocket for the moment.
Cas, Cas, Cas – why wasn’t there anything else on his mind lately? Sleep deprivation, that had to be it. So Dean, being confused and angry at himself, wanted to do the only thing which actually delayed his tiredness: He drank coffee, loads of it.
"This is new to me, too. Christmas trees and everything,“ he whispered, so Sam couldn’t hear him. "I mean, I know Christmas trees, but I don’t
He didn’t know what to do. The official part of the event was coming to an end, but he wanted to enjoy this feeling a little longer. He felt good. Excellent. And so he did something he was good at - he sought out conversation with like-minded people. It was so easy to talk to others because they were all here for the same reason. Cas’s fans were all so open and not at all aloof or fake. It felt good to talk to normal people. Time flew by and Dean sank into the conversations.
"Could you answer the question please?“ Castiel insisted. "It is important for me.“
"Thanks,“ Dean muttered before hanging up.
"Go figure, your Hannah Montana T-shirt already told me that.“
each other.
So Cas saw Sam as a brother, he knew that – but how did he see Dean? As his best friend, that was for sure. Best friends would want to make each other happy, wouldn’t they? Maybe there were some articles about things friends would do for each other regarding Christmas. Dean shook his head and hit the gas more like he wanted to drive away from those thoughts.
Dean wanted to kiss Cas over and over, wanted to devour his soft lips until Dean’s cheeks hurt from smiling too much. It wasn’t the first time he imagined that. The hard part was: Now he had to get himself to actually do it. And he had no frigging clue how to achieve that. And the main question remained: Did Cas even want that - him?
Laughing at Cas‘ remark,  he pulled him even closer and breathed numerous butterfly kisses on Cas‘ neck. Finally, he looked at Cas again and winked suggestively. "Y’ain’t wrong about that one.“ Dean moistened his lips, before kissing Cas like he actually wanted to rescue him from a curse.
Love was fighting together and having each other’s backs. Love was overcoming misunderstandings and pride. It was calling each other out on their bullshit.
Dean was lying to himself again, but he couldn’t stop it. As well as he couldn’t stop this vivid image which his brain produced right now. The cheekbones. His forehead. His nose. He knew the way his eyebrows eyes furrowed, the way his nose wrinkled when he got angry and the way his mouth looked when his tongue had just moistened it.
"I don’t know the books you’ve written under your pseudonym. But I just see your potential. You know. My best friend perished from these prejudices 30 years ago.“ He paused, swallowed, and now stared at the bookshelf behind him as well.
Only then did Castiel notice that RambleOnIm67’s username was grayed out. Meanwhile, two red system messages had appeared in place of his failed message.
Cas sat down on the chair right beside him and put a hand on Dean's forearm. It was a light touch, like a feather on his skin, yet Dean couldn’t think about anything else anymore.
The next morning, on the 21st of December, the other half of the bed was empty. The bed was neatly made.
They talked for a few minutes, mostly about goofy things which made Dean laugh heartily, until Gabriel had to claim Cas for some project at his café. Apparently they were planning a flea market, if Dean had heard correctly.
What was going on with him? It didn’t suit him to want to open himself up like that, suddenly not to eat up all his feelings and finally to push them away. He felt raw.
He imagined him and Cas, naturally, and he pined for him so badly his breathing stopped for a moment. Though Dean had never been to the sea, he saw it extremely clear in his imagination. Then he listened to the song again, put it on repeat. He grabbed a pen and started writing.
This time Cas didn’t smile, he looked at Dean insistently. He licked his lips, seemed to be waiting for something. Dean wanted Cas, he wanted him so much that his heart should’ve jumped out of his chest. Never had he wanted a kiss more, never had he longed for something so much. Cas – finally – nodded encouragingly, and immediately Dean pressed his mouth on his. Cas gasped and returned the kiss without hesitation.
He is very articulate, righteous, and likes nothing better than to pore over lawbooks and past court cases. That in itself is a fact that you would not suspect when you meet him, but I can perhaps elaborate on that subject elsewhere.
Why hadn’t he stopped Cas? Taken by surprise or not, he should have done something. He was such an idiot. He cursed himself inwardly with words that were better left unsaid aloud. No. This wasn’t right. He shouldn’t scold himself. Boston was a big city, and he had no idea where Cas had gone. Maybe he should trust Cas after all. Maybe he should fix Baby and hope for the best.
"I Feel You" by Depeche Mode (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTKJ_itifQg)
"Oh, so he’s gone nuts now? News of the century,“ Dean replied sarcastically.
This message is so long and still, there is so much more I would like to tell you, and more importantly, there are many other things I would like to ask you. Tell me more, tell me more about you.
Then they speculated about "The Chronicles of Narnia" on a literary level which Castiel had read but not yet considered from an interpretive point of view.
"Speaking of which. How are your angels?“ Dean was about to launch into a reply when he stumbled over the plural in Bobby’s statement.
He was a whole other level of mess. Damaged beyond repair. Angel would hate him, would run away screaming. He would never like him if he knew everything. If he knew how he ruined everybody in his life. How Dean destroyed everything by trying to make it right. By simply existing.
"I don’t understand.“ Oh dear, awesome, oblivious Cas. Never, ever change, Dean begged inwardly.
The alcohol was showing. Slowly but surely, Castiel’s mouth was faster than his mind.
"Fantastic,“ Dean breathed in awe, and Cas uttered a warm smile.
His brother patted him on the shoulder. "You know what else you need for your perfect fresh start?“
So, now you know. A part of my story at least because yeah, unfortunately, there’s much more to the legendary family saga. I just figured you were so open with me in the very beginning about your adoption, Hannah, your coming out, and I wanted to return the favor.
"Tell that to my father.“
Dean wished they owned some good encyclopedia about the way angels‘ reactions differentiated, describing in detail which aspects suggested a romantic interest and which ones simply signaled the wish for maintaining a friendship. For now, he decided to take this "thing“ between them as it was. It was still so new, but most importantly it felt fucking thrilling and inebriating.
"Off what?“ the stranger immediately echoed. For the fact that they hadn’t even introduced themselves, he was quite curious. But the likelihood of him remembering what Dean had to say, let alone confiding it to anyone, was close to zero.
They had really invested a lot of time in their detective club as kids, getting involved in it as if their cases were real. Over the years, nothing had strengthened their bond like those activities, nothing had given them so much fun.
"Talk to you.“
The next morning arrived and suddenly it was December 24, Christmas Eve. Dean had woken up early, at 6 o’clock, but maybe that was the excitement about the Christmas days.
"I am sorry. I really am. I know things aren’t going to be good between us immediately. But let’s fix it. Let’s try, at least.“
"Definitely.“
They didn’t have to find the perfect solution – like they were doing it now – because they had already fixed the perfect date to meet. Although Dean didn’t exactly believe in that stuff, he had to admit that it could’ve been fate, after all. The date, but also them in general.
He then put his hand on Dean’s right, very naked shoulder. The exact same spot where he’d grabbed him out of hell, Dean noticed. Where the hand print used to be. His breathing stopped. "I KNOW your soul, so don’t pretend I’m stupid,“ Cas hissed.
Am also thinking about you, duh. ;-)
The whole hunting trip had been bizarre. He laughed because it was hilarious and so Cas-like, and he wanted to give him a long hug, right now. His belly tingled marvelously, and he wondered if it was just the booze or if he really was so fucking happy of talking to Cas.
*** 10 years later ***
Dean wanted to say something, Cas also looked like he was on the verge to say something, but he shut his mouth again. What was going on here? The atmosphere was so loaded and tense.
Finally, he had an answer as to why he discovered a snow angel every morning. Again he looked at her face – enlightened with a smile – and he knew he was home. He saw her coming closer, approaching him in a magical and intriguing manner. Finally, she stood before him, greeted him only with a tiny smile and her hand on his shoulder.
Baby!! Dean had never actually told Angel that he called his car Baby. Fuck. He was such a dumbass.
He reached for his jacket pocket, pulling the tiny leather bag out. He handed it to Cas who seemed excited. "What is this, Dean?“
Dean just nodded and drained the rest of his drink in one go. He did not have the feeling that he wanted to say goodbye to him soon and thus end the evening, but he was not sure. Despite his open manner, he remained inscrutable to him in many ways.
Another one spoke of the literary quality: "
But his mind, his damn mind wouldn’t let him have peace. No, of course not. There were too many thoughts all at once.
Suddenly, Dean was gone, just vanished. Where had he gone? Castiel tried to make sense of it all, only to be driven further away. For several minutes Castiel struggled through the crowd, but he had no chance.
"I don’t understand what you are talking about.“
"You support me. And I wanna do the same for you. Always – if you let me. So. I was thinking we’d drive to Boston tomorrow, visit Hannah. If she doesn’t wanna talk, fine. But I think she might. It would do you good. I don’t wanna pressure you or anything, there are other things we can do there. I just want you to know that I’m here for you. You don’t have to go through your pain and regrets alone. Oh, dammit, I’m rambling the entire time. I-“
Otherwise, the cold winter wind, the rustling of the leaves, and soft birdsong blended into an idyllic soundscape. How would he feel when he saw him again? He wanted to have The Talk, or a starter, at least, but he wanted to do something good for Cas first.
"I genuinely enjoy talking with you, Dean,“ Cas said at the end, and spoke this sentence with so much sincerity that Dean had to smile.
No one knew his true identity. No one except his brother, his parents, Bathazar, Crowley, and the initiated publishing staff. They had decided to take that step at the time to avoid any hate mail from homophobic people. Now it turned out that the decision had been spot on, even if this case was completely different.
Cas was an angel, dammit, and yet he rejoiced in the lights as a normal person would. And yes, he had really reached deep into the kitsch collection here, but this was meant for Cas alone, and he would appreciate a little tenderness.
After Cas had announced he was clothed now, Dean turned his head. Yeah, clothed was a bit exaggerated. His upper body was still naked, and this wasn’t the kind of thing Dean could unsee. He looked so devastatingly handsome.
Since Castiel’s knowledge in pop culture and the references was very limited (Gabriel always tried to enlarge it, but had very, very peculiar likings), he didn’t know what was expected of him. Most of those things sounded like another foreign language to him.
He closed his eyes, listening to both of their breathing, which by now had formed a harmonious duet. He listened to the wind blowing around them. Subliminally, he smelled the forest floor, smelled earth, but most of all, he smelled Dean. All of Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
After a moment’s thought, Dean decided on a diner he had been to a few times before. They walked through the streets, holding hands, until his damn cell phone rang again. He hissed as he identified the caller. It was dad. No, no, no. Absolutely not. Dad wouldn’t destroy his day like he destroyed his childhood and the better part of his twenties. Screw you, he thought. He declined the call. He looked at Cas apologetically and went a few steps away. Dean had to take care of this matter for today. He had to know Sam was okay, then his mind would be free. For now.
At some point Hanna told him the whole story, the real reason why she had run away from home. A guy two grades above her was tutoring her. They had a crush on each other. Hanna’s parents had forbidden her contact outside her tutoring sessions, which of course had made her furious and unhappy. And that’s how she’d ended up here, half a day’s drive from home.
Dean had read the message more than 100 times by now, and still couldn’t get a hang on it. What did the guy even mean?
Dean chuckled. "Cas! You know what I mean.“ He kissed Cas‘ earlobe while Cas played with his hand. After only a few seconds, Cas made the indignant sound in his throat that he always used when Dean annoyed him.
"I’m getting 40 soon enough. But what? It’s not like I will be wrinkled and fragile in several months. Can’t we just- I don’t know? Enjoy the time we have until then? We already lost so many years, and I can’t bear this anymore. I fucking can’t. Even if it means you leave me in 10 or 20 years. I mean, I want you. And I’ll be good to you. For as long as you’ll have me. Dammit, Cas, I know I’m a disaster, but don’t make me beg,“ he huffed and flared his nostrils.
Then he quickly steered the conversation to Angel, as he really wanted to know what was going on inside him. Dean probed more, wanting to know what Angel had meant by his low point. Relentlessly, Angel then described to him that his old employer had more or less forced him to quit his job. Apparently, he had felt reminded of that situation once more. Homophobes.
I'm @dean-and-cas-at-the-sea on Tumblr.
"Look. You can’t write him now. Just think of it as a failure from the site. It happens. Nothing to worry about. Tomorrow’s a new day, maybe the morning will give you new insights.“
"HOW can you say this after everything? You’re pushing me away again because you’re afraid. You’re scared because you never felt this vulnerable. But emotions don’t work this way.“ Cas let out a frustrated groan.
Instead, he leaned deeper into the embrace, sinking into Dean’s arms as if into a warm blanket, and murmured, "And I missed you.“
Probably in his early thirties, tall, the best height. On top of that, he dared to possess the perfect hair to tousle through, extremely sensual lips, and the most gorgeous blue eyes he’d ever seen. They weren’t just blue, first, they reminded him of the sky, bathed in an even more brilliant blue by the sunlight, then of the ocean, so beautiful and mysterious. Fuck, squared. This was not good. Not good at all. He was doomed.
The 20th of December was quiet. They both read in comfortable silence, glancing at each other from time to time, always smiling. In the evening they laid in bed, and Dean read in Cas‘ latest surprise, a special edition of "The Sirens of Titan“.
Although there was already a book on the table, he took his own copy out of his briefcase. Dean had to grin when he saw how worn it was and how many slips were sticking out of the book’s pages. That was so like him. Dean’s heart warmed.
"Agreed. There are better places for that.“ Then Cas kissed him again, more sensually this time. Shit, he needed to stop this, otherwise he would lose his last bit of self-control. Cas interrupted their kiss and looked at him with so much sincerity. "For the record, I feel as aroused as you. And I am quite certain I can never get enough of your skillful lips, your beautiful smile and of every word you gift me with.“
He paused briefly, then stretched his back and shoulders as he had often done in the past. After clearing his throat and giving him a withering look, the guy immediately evaporated.
Most kisses were soft, almost innocent, and yet, Cas made him feel things so intense and unfamiliar and much like a whirlwind raging in the middle of a lava stream.
Dean’s lips trembled, and Castiel didn’t know what was going on, but he finally understood that there was one thing that was weighing heavily on Dean’s mind. That for some reason he couldn’t talk about.
Sam looked up from his newspaper and pointed to the burger. "Fine. Be my guest.“ Dean muttered "Fantastic.“ and maybe today was his name day or something. Once he took a bite, he moaned. "Delicious.“ It tasted even better than his own, maybe because he had been able to wangle it off Sam.
“Dammit, dad. I’ve never forgotten. Not once. I’m doing everything. I work 12 to 16 hours a day, even on the weekends sometimes. I’ve barely slept for more than half a year, at least I visit him often, although he lives several hundred miles away.“ Dean yelled now, not caring anymore.
"Dude, you’re just saying that because you two have the same name.“ Dean rolled his eyes and nibbled some popcorn. He liked Samwise, he was one of his favorites, but it was too much fun to irritate Sam. "No, I’m not… I just think he’s…“
It wasn’t like Dean not to say something defensive or even mean in response. He sighed. "To answer your question, yes, I want you to stay. Me being around you is all I wanted.“
"You’re family, man.“
At the front desk, Dean was immediately in his element, appearing so at peace with himself that Castiel could only watch him with fascination. Without any shame, he explained to the young receptionist that he had reserved a double room in the name of Winchester. She could release the other rooms, he would of course take the down payment.
Dean smirked and let out a huff. "Course, man. Want more than that. I just don’t wanna take advantage of you. You’re emotional at the moment, and it was a tough day.“
"Do I? I wasn’t aware that it was my job to put up with your vulgarities and filter out the eventual true message. I do that often enough, of my own free will, but it’s not something you can put on me. You don’t make it easy for me. You pushed me away, put a few dollars in my hand, and then there was a complete radio silence.“ Castiel paused for a moment, because even now it felt good to finally get his worries off his chest.
“What about the flannel?“ he asked.
Dean laughed because Cas wouldn’t get that reference. Never.
"That ain’t it, young lady,“ he muttered.
Dean thought about his own family, the ones he had lost – and he thought about Sammy and Cas who he’d had to witness getting hurt and dying over and over. And right now it was too much. He swallowed and suddenly he cried. Son of a bitch, he thought – this wasn’t the way he’d imagined the night to turn out. He harrumphed rather angrily, and Cas immediately withdrawed to the other end of the sofa.
The longer the distance lasted, the more he wished for a clarifying conversation. A conversation that was exclusive to them both. Dean was full of building blocks, and it was time to come clean with Cas. To tell him his fears, to show him how much he loved him - to lay his heart completely bare, even at the risk of wanting something different than Cas.
No one but himself.
"Because you’d have what I yea- what I wish for. A serious relationship.“
He’d always felt that, he’d known in his own little inner world for a long time, somehow, but now he was ready to actually tell the world outside. To bare his soul out. To tell Cas.
it perfect and other-worldly. I’ve never felt and experienced anything more pure, exciting and right. And the same goes for you.
Again, that was more in line with the image he had gained of her in the beginning. Being unhappily in love was awful, especially when it had been going on as long as it had with her. No wonder that at some point she didn’t want to sink into self-pity anymore, but at least wanted to do something good for her body.
The appointment for the surgery is soon. Finally. He collapsed again the other day, it was the day I wrote you this pathetic message. Wasn’t allowed to visit, and that gutted me. Couldn’t think anymore, was so lost.
Castiel raised his eyebrows in amazement. "Very much so. How do you know?“
This was Cas, his best friend, and he would run if he knew Dean cherished Cas’ gentle touches like a drop of morning dew glistening in the sun. Like a treasure he locked away deep inside his heart.
"I found this accommodation on one of my long walks in nature and thought you might like it.“ Dean also looked up and discovered a clearly aged but still intact tree house. They climbed up a rope ladder and sat down on the ground. The tree house had a high roof, so Dean could even stand inside.
Dean cried, tears constantly running down his cheeks until they vanished into the void like his confidence used to in the past.
The more they fooled around, the more they laughed, the more they bonded and felt comfortable around each other like they always did, the more Dean wanted Cas. He wanted him. He wanted him so badly. He wanted his best friend to finally be his angelic partner slash boyfriend, too.
Warnings for: panic attacks and childhood trauma.
He took a deep breath.
His breath fluttered, and he climbed down from him, as he hoped, not too clumsily. In the process, his legs tangled, and he stumbled until he came to a staggering halt. Again the guy laughed, and Castiel knew he hadn’t made an elegant exit. Castiel tried not to let on and grinned broadly at him. He winked and made a nodding motion of his head.
For a moment, Dean thought about the devastatingly handsome trench coat guy in the supermarket, the excitement he had felt when he had realized his own attraction for the guy. Damn, he really yearned for something meaningful, didn’t he?
The more messages they wrote and the more intimate Angel’s words became, the more all their correspondence stirred Dean up. His head and heart no longer worked together, and every thought increasingly confused him. Ever since the reading, he felt like he was going crazy. And not crazy in the sense of overwork and burnout and all the things he normally suffered from. No, he thought he could no longer trust his mind and his analytical thinking.
Castiel didn’t know, he wanted to understand. He kissed Dean with all his hidden feelings and adoration, and demonstrated him what he had buried deep within himself before.
"Gabe, you don’t have to buy a car if you wanna talk about vehicles with me, ya know?“
Cas was an eager kisser, moving his lips more ardently with every second. Prompted by this, Dean tapped his tongue against Cas’s bottom lip.
Still, he couldn’t help thinking exactly that. “I don’t think I’ve ever been asked about sex so directly outside a bar.“
"Romantic?“ Dean interrupted him, grinning cheekily. "Oh Cas, you’re getting all the good stuff. You’re my boyfriend now, remember?“ Every time he spoke the word out loud, he turned more euphoric.
"Don’t get me wrong, works written during wartime, for example, or based on difficult times in general, are incredibly important, after all, they deal with what happened and process the guilt. Same goes for more personal stories, inspired by a person’s experiences and struggles in life. But part of coming to terms with the past is also taking new courage and soaking up the beauty.
but – no – we couldn’t be together by then
He had been happy, in the past. When he and Sammy would tease each other, play pranks on each other. When he’d been with Cas, talking to him, because Cas simply made him laugh with his dorky ways. Adorable, yes, he knew former Dean had seen him that way.
When Dean woke on the 13th of December, Cas was already up, but he’d left a Thermos flask with coffee for him there. Beside the coffee there was a necklace, an Ivy pendant in a beautiful dark green with golden edges. Damn, Cas was the cutest guy in existence. It had to be a reference to the brooches from Lord of the Rings, right? Or what did it mean?
"Okay,“ Castiel said cautiously.
Even though every morning offered him variety and allowed him to discover something new, all these days had something in common – they were equally a mystery, a riddle that often occupied him for a very, very long time and did not let go. Every day he noticed a snow angel on the ground.
The procedure was for everyone to read the current book once first. After that, there was always a meeting to describe reading impressions and identify discussion topics, such as specific plot elements, characters, themes and style specifics. Dean liked this approach and listened intently as the others shared what they had noticed while reading the novel.
In fact, Cas laughed so hard with his entire body that Dean’s cell phone fell out of his hand. It landed in the footwell, under the passenger seat. Great. And now Cas was between him and the phone, so he couldn’t even turn off this awkward conversation.
He took a cab to the Cleveland History Center. The museum was already closed but this didn’t matter. Dean walked to the front door, paused there and just looked. After a few minutes, he cleared his throat, testing his voice.
Fuck, it really was a wild night.
Dean smiled softly, and Castiel’s heart fluttered like his wings had used to do.
Cas laughed. Satisfied, Dean noted that his features looked much more relaxed. “You’re a very gentle soul, Dean.” Dean felt his cheeks grow hot. Flirting openly with Cas was no problem for him, but as soon as he received the compliments, his coolness was over.
"Bobby is clever, I give him that,“ Charlie said. "He almost had me there.“
"I don’t understand. Did I do anything wrong?“ He sounded confused, and Dean didn’t know if he should be more angry or baffled about it.
Enjoy!! :)
"Dean, that’s—,“ Cas breathed.
Additionally, I wanted to emphasize that I am curious how you look, I really am but I am certain your inner beauty will remain the thing that draws me to you. I do not care whether you look plain or are a model, I care for your beautiful character. Still: I am sure your physical appearance must be beautiful as well. It would simply fit you in general. :-)
"That was about the hottest thing I’ve ever experienced dressed,“ Dean whispered, sounding hoarse.
"Oh Sammy, don’t get your knickers in a twist. You love seeing us happy, don’t ya?“
After some time, the film reached the point where Frodo was about to give the ring to the Nazgûl. Samwise gave his speech and Dean always found a bit of hope in his words. He listened to the words again, really listened.
Dean looked at Cas expectantly. "So, what do you say, Cas?“ he whispered, and right now he ignored they were in the middle of nowhere, people all around them. Cas tilted his head and his whole face gleamed with happiness. "You want me to choose?“ he asked delightedly. "Nobody could make a better choice,“ Dean answered. And that really was the truth.
"Well. As you know my mom died when I was a child. It was due to a fire in our house. In a way, at least. I mean, there’s more to the story, but I don’t think here’s the best place for that.“ Dean paused, taking a deep breath. "I think I’ll never get those images out of my head. Um. We never really talked about her, ya know? I mean, yeah, my dad always liked to bring this topic up on multiple occasions. Blaming me and stuff.“
He studied the journal in awe-stricken silence, one page after another. Though the pages were all identical and blank, he saw so much in them. And his heart simply couldn’t take it. A small smile came onto his lips and soon after he couldn’t hold it back. This was Cas, all of this. He put his headphones on.
Dean was plagued by his damn self-doubt. He went about his day as usual, apparently acting like he always did. Only now and then his behavior betrayed him. His answers were choppy and monosyllabic, he conducted dialogues more often with bitter undertones. Sam gave him worried looks, but Dean vehemently stifled any attempt to speak.
Dean laughed out loud. "Oh, you’re such a dork. My adorable dork, though.“
The tender grip on his hand tightened a little, still his thumb stroking his skin, and his head moved closer, closer. Dean’s breathing sounded calmer, felt warm against his skin.
"Runnin' Wild“ by Airbourne (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2IyX5LXGyg)
They swayed together, just in rhythm with their emotions.
"I hope you are comfortable?“ Cas said with a grin. Suddenly, Dean also knew why the landing hadn’t been so painful: He had fallen straight down onto Cas. Of course that had to happen.
Although these touches were still new and exciting to him, they already seemed incredibly familiar to Dean. Sighing, Dean leaned deeper into Cas’s embrace, allowing himself to relinquish control and soak up every moment. He wanted to lock these moments in his heart and at the same time use them to spread his happiness to the world.
"I met someone,“ Castiel finally said. "A man,“ he added superfluously, for such a statement would be immediately deciphered by Balthazar anyway. Strictly speaking, he had actually met two men recently, but he didn’t want to think about Dean at the moment.
The clock was ticking. Although the hallway would be passed over and over by students or faculty, Castiel heard the clock. Tick, tock, tick, tock. Quite like he was running out of time. How much time he had wasted trying to live up to others‘ ideas, pretending and constructing a life. Until he was shaken awake. Until he received a sign, so to speak.
After that, he wanted to take a photo for Angel. He decided for an Annularis Angelfish which not only had the fitting name but also possessed a pretty orange body with blue stripes. More precisely, those stripes actually showed a glow that Dean couldn’t look away from.
Cas paused and smiled slightly, taking one deep breath. "I love you, Dean. I’m falling in love with you more and more every single day.“
"I do not wish to do anything wrong. My feelings overwhelm me, and I am afraid I will be rejected. Furthermore, I am not experienced.“
"Awesome,“ Dean said, immediately getting more confident again. "Ya know. I have some more ideas you will definitely enjoy. For example, I kinda wanted to watch the sunrise at the ocean with you,“ he said the sentence he never would’ve thought saying out loud. He had booked the cozy hotel, yes, but he had done that in a moment of utter yearning and romantic impulses. But Cas looked so happy now that he figured being romantic could be a good thing from time to time.
"Well, your opinion always matters to me, especially in that case.“
Eventually, he was not sure he could think anymore. Dean still moaned, and Castiel had always expected him to be vocal while being intimate. But Dean was also so passionate and tender and pure.
And then, fucking finally, he reached the cabin door, pounding on the wood, not feeling his fingers any longer. His fear clutching his throat so that no more words came out. Then, for a moment, he found his voice again. Hoarse, breaking. “Dad, it’s me. Little help here.“
"You smell good,“ Green Eyes murmured then, closing his eyes briefly - with relish. He looked at Castiel again, and Castiel was captivated by his eyes. What exactly were they doing here? Hadn’t he wanted to jump right back up?
By now, he had reached a park he had never seen before. It was small, but somehow drew him. He walked on, seeing the trees and meadows shining in the light of the lanterns.
Nevertheless, the signs of destruction could not be denied, and inevitably Dean’s thoughts returned to past times. Dean tried to imagine what fierce battles and bloodthirsty battles must have taken place here since various buildings were not even preserved, and they bypassed certain corridors because signs saying "Attention! Do not enter! Danger of collapse!“ prevented them from going in.
It fit his life and it fit just as well the way this thing between him and Angel had come about. A lonely guy, left alone in many ways as if on a desert island, sends a message in a bottle on its way, hoping that maybe that message will be found by someone. Searching for a profound bond, consisting of happiness and belonging.
Castiel stared at Dean and noticed how strongly the latter’s eyes shone. They were positively sparkling, and Castiel realized that a look had never greeted him with so much warmth. Dean seemed in an even better mood than he had ever seen him, wholly liberated.
Half an hour later, Dean and Cas rode at a trot across meadows and fields. The day was very mild, and so Dean did not freeze a bit. Although Dean had ridden more often and was almost an experienced rider, who usually liked to ride at a faster pace, he adapted to Cas‘ speed.
And suddenly something in Dean clicked.
"The stuff was not supposed to happen like this.“ He rolled his eyes, because yes, he excelled at communication again. Definitely.
Dean cried and screamed while trying to figure out what to do next. He couldn’t just sit anywhere and sulk and drink and mourn the missed chances. He couldn’t.
"Cas you do realize you have this intense way of looking at people, right?“
“Yeah, well, that’s what the coffee’s for.”
His research project would mean more work in addition to finishing his novel, but it was work he was happy to take on. Since he still had to prepare a lot, he just had to clear everything with Crowley. He had sent him a folder with dates for readings anyway which they would talk about in their meeting by the end of the week.
The door never opened. He waited and waited and waited. Shivering, screaming, raspy breath. He heard howling, wolves and the wind. And he waited. So long. Eventually, he crashed a window, shattering the glass. Inflicting more wounds.
They put themselves in the roles of commanders, moved "casualties“ aside, and screamed themselves into a frenzy. Strategies were discarded by the minute, and in the end they laughed so hard that they forgot their game. They squabbled, tickled each other, and fell into their own battle, where it didn’t matter who won or didn’t win.
I'm @dean-and-cas-at-the-sea on Tumblr. :)
And he knew it was great to save the moment on a photo, but it would never reach the picture’s level of wholesomeness which his heart preserved from now on.
Dean rolled his eyes. "It’s an expression, Cas.“
The more Cas said, the angrier Dean got. “Don’t do this, Cas. Don’t push me away. I can help.”
He was worried, and that only made things worse; on the other hand, he couldn’t avoid an official meeting forever. Earlier in the year, he had submitted two chapters to Crowley and the editor, which had served more to calm their nerves, but contrary to his fears, the excerpt had gone over well with them.
Dean’s lips were calmer now, his hands feather-like on his bare skin. Being kissed so tenderly felt wonderful and inexplicable. "Mmm," Dean breathed. "Mmm.“ And the sound vibrated against Castiel’s lips, flowed into him like a wave, churning him up.
“Okay, you’re right. I don’t sleep well. Happy now, sunshine?”
Dean inhaled and exhaled deeply, and looked at him, with so much despair and hunger.
"Peasant,“ he muttered. Sam shot him an unnerving look and shook his head. "Maybe Cas left it here,“ he spoke his mind aloud. "Dude’s into coffee that much, maybe he wanted something special when he visits.“
The tension between them was as tangible as a lower hanging branch on a tree, yet as mysterious as a person veiled beneath fog. Dean radiated pure inconsistency, his appearance told ever so much Castiel didn’t understand. Suddenly Dean’s entire posture changed, and he looked so broken that Castiel felt the urge to take him in his arms. To kiss the lines of worry from his face.
"The mattress remembers me, ya know,“ Dean breathed and started sucking his lips. "Suppose it’ll remember you as well in the future.“
Dean hummed against Castiel’s skin, sometimes interrupted himself by chuckling softly, his breath warm and marvelous.
"However, you are the one who gave me this and there’s nothing I would rather have with me every day, ya know. Same goes for you as a person. And for Sammy of course, but that’s different.“ Now Cas squinted his eyes and his breathing accelerated as Dean observed. Cas made a frustrated sound in the back of his throat.
People jostled more, trying to make room for themselves in a rude way. Chaos broke out, and their tight dancing posture was rudely interrupted. They scattered, still maintaining eye contact. Grinning at each other, never losing the other’s gaze. Then a few drunks mobbed around, running across the dance floor and literally making use of their elbows.
That was indeed what he planned to do, because her parents would only worry at some point after all. Hanna’s brilliant excuse couldn’t hold up much longer, plus he could tell she was homesick.
Everything was right with you
The sofa was very comfy, and he loved how much space there was, the depth being the best part. Two persons would fit on the seat perfectly and could enjoy the cushy armrests and backrests, hell, you could even sleep on here. Dean allowed his mind to wander for a moment, and these thoughts alone made his belly prickle.
“So you’re avoiding your problem and yourself,“ Benny summarized. “Good tactic! Always worked so well for you, the running away.“ Firmly, Benny pressed his cigarette to the bottom of the ashtray.
“Where are our vulgaromat and his adorable better half?“ Not to mention the fabled friend of Andrea’s that Benny wanted him to meet. For which he was definitely not in the mood for.
Now he thought about the fact he deserved the twisted never-never land from the song. Only this one.
Castiel’s breath caught. What was happening here? What had gotten into Dean? He was like changed, suddenly so open and honest and there. Dean cleared his throat and fixed a spot on the ugly green-and-yellow-patterned wallpaper. "I understand,“ Castiel said, after pondering Dean’s words for some time.
The next chapters will focus on their messages, starting with a long message from RambleOnIm67 in chapter 12. :) I'll try to upload it tomorrow (January 25)!
Cas’s face bent closer to his and the tears on his face now looked like little crystals preserved by the light. Dean stroked Cas’s cheek with his free hand, fishing the tears from his skin until they clung to his thumb and moistened his whole hand. It didn’t matter.
Dean growled. “Yeah. As usual, you figured me out. Maybe you know me too well.”
Dean laughed at the same moment the singer laughed in the song, feeling all his worries rise into the air for a moment, still there but no longer pressing him to the ground.
At first, Cas told him about some work-related stuff and about an anecdote Gabriel had shared with him. Then, he got more serious. He mentioned that he found some old items in a box that had belonged to Meg. Since he had forgotten about that box completely, he apparently never would’ve expected to be confronted with them and their failed relationship again.
Damn, Cas smelled so good, and he felt warm and his back was fucking buff, and Dean felt lost. He breathed. Then he put his hands over Cas‘, and they rolled the pastry together like pros. "Ta-da,“ he announced a few minutes later and high-fived Cas. "Oh and by the way, never let the rests get wasted, man. It’s a rule.“
by Tchaikovsky always relaxed him, therefore, Castiel smiled the entire time while driving. Fortunately, the publishing house was not located directly in the city center, so he found a parking space relatively quickly. The building breathed awe into Castiel, reminding him of his beginnings and why he could be damn grateful to be living this dream.
Number 7 took him back to Wade Park, because Angel told him to look for a tree. To find a tree, to put a hand on the trunk, to close his eyes and breathe. That’s what he did. He inhaled, exhaled, inhaled, exhaled, drinking in the scent of the tree. And yes. He felt grounded, he felt tranquil. Good.
In fact, Castiel quickly realized that Rambler’s story really put him at ease. Again and again, he realized how good Rambler was at mesmerizing and enchanting him with words and completely inspiring him to think in new ways. So he finally fell asleep with a smile on his face.
At some point it had gotten to the point where his thoughts in everyday life had become so mixed up with his thoughts while writing with Angel that such connections had just slipped out without Angel being able to do much with them. It was just all too much, too whimsical.
"Ouch, Cas, what was that for?“
"Dean, you were the one who originally wanted to stick with the old research methods. It wasn’t until I-“ He kissed Cas, a little too passionately for an audience, but he didn’t care.
Castiel? His full name was Castiel. Why the hell had Dean never thought about the fact that Cas wasn’t his full name since their encounter at the club? Was he completely stupid? And why was that the only thing his brain wanted to and could think about right now? What was much more interesting was that Cas was genuinely interested in deepening their friendship. That was pretty damn good.
"You remember the mixtape I gave you a while back?“ he whispered huskily.
Dean had his head buried between his legs, breathing in and out loudly. He was on the verge of a panic attack, Castiel noticed.
So he walked on and on, completely without haste, and finally stopped at the lake. Like every day.
Dean shook his head. By now he had arrived at the hotel and parked Baby in the narrow parking space on the first try.
Actually, he had seen that smile a few times. Only ever when there were the two of them. Cas gave him that smile. Him. Every fiber of Dean’s body swayed with warmth.
Here comes chapter 3. :) Enjoy!
Hence, he put his arm around Cas‘ shoulders again and this time, he stayed this way. Cas didn’t flinch, but he also didn’t say anything or lean into the touch, and now Dean was hurt. Meanwhile, everything in Dean was yearning for Cas. He sighed and pinched his nose. "Dammit, Cas!“
Dean hissed, running a hand through his hair. “Yeah, right.“ Fuck you, he thought. Fuck you. “Childish. You’re so frigging funny sometimes, hilarious even. I dunno if you’ve noticed but I’ve never been that. An actual child!“
Memories were always overwhelming him this but as it stood the reality, being with Dean again, was so much more. At this moment he also sensed the warmth of Dean’s body, his limbs which seemed to fit perfectly into his body form, his fingers caressing him.
Meanwhile, Green Eyes winced, shook his head, and looked at him thoughtfully.
"Do you want me to hold you? Would that help? Or would you rather I leave you alone?“
I'm @dean-and-cas-at-the-sea on Tumblr. :)
He ran for more than an hour until his lungs burned and his thirst became unbearable.
Thanks again for reading and your lovely feedback - this motivates me so much!! :) Your positive (and enthusiastic) reactions were one of the main reasons I decided to post the next chapter already. :D Also: I'm very excited to post Dean's first message. :)
"I have fond memories of the last time you took me to one. You won a plush bee for me,“ Cas said, a tiny smile gracing his lips.
"You’re telling me.“ Dean snorted and was in the middle of another monologue why he could screw everything up and was a frigging mess, when he heard a noise.
I have so many headcanons as to what happened during the famous fanfiction gap in “Heaven Can’t Wait“ (09x06). Here is one version which I’ve actually dreamed about a few days ago. I just had to get it out of my system. :D
Dean didn’t choose the cheapest watch he could find because he didn’t like the feel of the inferior material in his hand. Instead, he opted for a watch with a case made of a beautiful brass, simply because the gilded watch reminded him of the classic depictions of angels.
Now Sam cleared his throat several times and continued to look at Dean. He ran a hand through his hair once, narrowing his eyes until he finally laughed.
“Your ex-boyfriend?” he huffed against his better judgement, hating himself for the sting of jealousy that seemed to bore into his core again and again.
"Dude, that sounds literally like something you would say.“ Sam laughed and shook his head. Now Dean patted himself on the back in praise. "Yeah, that’s the whole frigging point.“ He made a gesture to present his body. "Awesome guy.“ Then he pointed to his mouth and head. "Wise words.“ He paused dramatically. "Keep that in mind.“
"Glad you recognized me. I ain’t easy to forget, am I right?“ Dean rolled his eyes, but couldn’t suppress a grin.
At first, Castiel grinned at the choice of work. Rambler really was an insightful and ingenious person. The contrast between doing what was right and what was considered honorable. The relationship between siblings. Finding each other again and building a team.
"Your surprise for today is on the kitchen table,“ Cas muttered suddenly. Dean felt excited and soon discovered an old paperback. As he read the title – History and Mysteries of The Wild West –  he chuckled. "Awesome,“ he mumbled. Right next to the book laid a western belt, not too obtrusive, but clearly dicernible as one. It was exactly after Dean’s taste.
Next to the hotel, a tree towered above, as if it were trying to touch the clouds with its crown. From the outside, the hotel building itself was reminiscent of the home of a distinguished aristocratic family, with its ornate curved arches at nearly every window and which could be made out as entrances from time to time.
Deep down, Castiel knew that this thing between them was sincere and pure and real. The likelihood that anyone would even find these library notes, let alone follow up on the clues, was so slim that an impostor would never invest his time in it. It didn’t make any sense.
Dean swallowed and rubbed his eyes hastily. This was not what he had expected for today. Although the story had been a bit cheesy, it had touched him. Of course Cas would choose a story with an angel. The dork. Only when he turned the parchment, he saw a little angel pendant which was pinned to it.
It should be to Cas’s taste as well, considering where he lived. Thinking of it, the building actually resembled the style of the place where Cas’s apartment was. A coincidence, of course. However, Dean was happy that this coincidence had occurred with the two siblings involved.
It was so fucking weird that they had never talked about the whole situation. This had been going on for months, years actually, and they had always talked at cross purposes.
And that was why Dean had sometimes put his head under the covers, even in later years on the job, when they had shared a hotel room, to cry for a few minutes. Hidden, silent, to himself.
"You got it,“ he said and opened himself a bottle of beer. He still needed the perfect Christmas gifts – and the food, that was another task to solve. Maybe the baking would bring him into the right mood. Then he side glanced Cas who seemed to be deep in thought.
So in the end Dean stood there, just inhaling the scent.
Eventually they took out the boxes with the Christmas decorations they had found while cleaning up. Shortly after that Sammy came back, checking them out with a strange expression on his face as soon as he entered the bunker.
"Yeah whatever.“ Dean smirked, little laughter lines forming next to his eyes. Castiel liked it when Dean laughed, it was always a beautiful sight.
"Enter Sandman“ by Metallica (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD-E-LDc384)
"I have to channel my tension somehow,“ Castiel finally delivered a particularly lame explanation. "All right.“ Crowley passed through the revolving door and walked briskly to the reception area. When Castiel entered the foyer, Crowley had already announced their arrival and signed them in.
"You talk about it as if it had a consciousness.“ Immediately, Dean thought about Cas‘ talks about nature and sighed.
Dean was unable to move or say a single word which didn’t happen often. Should he answer that message? And if so – what could he possibly say that didn’t show he was a total geek whose IQ was so high he had to skip two school years in high school? That didn’t exactly turn people on. Right?
"Jeez!“ Dean exclaimed immediately. He chuckled, and Castiel could never get enough of this sound. Dean didn’t say anything further, simply breathed.
It wasn’t every day that the guy who had written the book that had helped him come out sat right in front of him and read said book aloud. His mind spun. Once again, a lot was happening inside him. His mind wouldn’t rest, wouldn’t even let him think about all that was happening to him.
Today he wanted to numb the thoughts, drown them, extinguish them, literally cauterize them from his body with the acrid alcohol that ran down his throat.
He heard Cas‘ whoop of joy, and Dean knew he had done a damn good thing here.
And also, I pray that you, RambleOnIm67, will be able to pursue your dreams again as well. You are honored by how much you are sacrificing, that you are doing everything you can to be able to pay the bills.
Castiel felt comfortable, which is why he would have spent hours just sitting in the car with Dean, following the course of the road and their hearts. He would be content just listening to the hum of the engine and the music, listening to the rhythm of their breathing, smelling the leather of the seats and Dean’s unique scent, feeling their profound bond with every fiber of his body and tasting the promise of the future. As long as it was with Dean.
Dean laughed at Cas, feeling his heart overflow with happiness. That he was able to render Cas speechless, to make him so confused that he could only speak in a choppy manner, stunned him and made him happy.
With whom would Cas play darts all out of a sudden? He wasn’t bewitched or anything, was he? Cas then explained he was out with Crowley. Right, the two of them had been on the road together from time to time, checking some hints about Lucifer. Still, Dean hadn’t been aware they were pals now. He swallowed his confusion and texted back.
"Man, how do you do that? You can’t possibly know if my parents don’t beat me or if I’m a drug addict and I never talk to them.“ He grumbled in disbelief and reached for her hand.
From the inside he heard some rummaging, drawers that were opened. Seemingly, Dean searched the nightstands for a notepad.
Gabriel folded his arms in front of his chest, cocking an eyebrow at him.
"You’ve changed,“ Sam remarked after a few minutes. "You seem a lot more relaxed.“
Enjoy! :)
His phone vibrated, and he grinned as soon as he saw the sender. He wouldn’t tell anybody, but he adored texting so much at the moment. He felt like a high school chick. The message only contained six words. ”
"Sure, I’m thrilled, you know that. Just- we talked about this. A bit of consideration.“
"See, mum? I can do this. Please say yes!“
"Listen To The Music" by The Doobie Brothers (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkytJLoxGmQ)
"I’m not. I am simply telling the truth.“
A few minutes later Cas threw two small books and a tin box to him. Dean looked intently at the book with the names David and Michael in the cover.
Dean understood that, but he wanted to soak up this moment in togetherness with Cas, wanted to feel like only the two of them existed. Not that every minute he spent with Cas didn’t feel like they existed in their own bubble anyway. Slowly, the church got more crowded.
(See the end of the chapter for
The boy grinned at him. He wasn’t angry at all, moreover, he seemed even happier than before.
You can kiss me with the windows open
"Fuck!“ Dean exclaimed all of a sudden.
Boston was not only home to Hannah, rather it was home to many people who had once been very close to Cas or with whom he had fallen out. Because of his sexuality. Dean knew exactly how that felt. How much one could poison one’s own thoughts with self-doubt and the like. Damn. Maybe this was all a bullshit idea. He was such an idiot. Probably, he shouldn’t have projected his feelings to Cas. Just because Cas’s affirmations, his gentle prodding, had helped him so much in Cleveland, for example, when he’d met Sam and done the scavenger hunt, didn’t automatically mean Cas wanted to open up old wounds, too.
Both times reality had ripped the ground out from under him, left him suspended mid-air, only to let him fall and drown him in lava like Gollum in Mount Doom.
"You betcha.“
"Fine, have it your way. But I’ll still prepare something in the direction of the injunction. Please send me again in detail what you remember from the encounters. All right?“
Dean coughed again, and Castiel was getting more worried about him. Or maybe Castiel actually made Dean feel so uncomfortable that Dean did not know how to react otherwise.
This is a story that came to mind last month. And honestly, I need as much fluff as possible at the moment. I will update the fic over the course of December.
Again, his cell phone vibrated. Another message from Bobby.
And in the end, Dean was the one who got tears in his eyes several times. All the scenes of the writer and his housekeeper touched him a lot because their story was so pure, the scene with the signs made him gulp, and then at the end of the film he couldn’t hold on anymore. He sniffled furiously until at some point he stopped trying to control himself.
He heard his voice, telling him, "Boy, I love you with all my heart, and you’re doing good work here. Hell, you’re the best mechanic I’ve ever had. But you’re also an idjit. How long do you think you can keep that up? No use to collapse. And I see how crappy you look.“
"What the hell! You weren’t interested in sex at all when I first met you, and now you’re having wet dreams about guys.“
"What gives you the idea?“ Dean said with gritted teeth.
Love, this overwhelming feeling, occupied Castiel’s whole being, made him happy and confused him. So many questions filled his mind over the course of every single day. Most reflections happened at night when the Men of Letters Bunker was quiet, when Sam and Dean slept, and he had too many hours to himself.
It was as if the air had become electrically charged, the tension between them was palpable.
They watched Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli chase the orks to rescue Merry and Pippin. Cas seemed to be intrigued by Aragorn because he always sat up straight as a die in his chair, when he appeared or said something. So Cas had a crush on Aragorn, who would’ve thought. Dean smiled to himself.
"Ankle,“ came a monosyllable from her, and he carefully felt over her leg. "How did that happen?“ She tried to sit up straighter, drew in a sharp breath and grabbed her chest. Obviously she was in a lot of pain. "It was slippery, tripped over a root or something.“ The classic.
A celestial being that had existed for millions of years had to evaluate what people did with these plants over the centuries. The way they were used or even destroyed. "Not qualified, my ass. This here?“ He pointed to the bed in which several sugar beets were already showing their fruits.
The protagonist, Electra, had lost her father Agamemnon early in terrible circumstances and could not forgive her mother. Electra was devoted to honor, justice and reverence and was on a vendetta.
"You’re in my seat, by the way.“
Castiel carefully detached the note from the bulletin board, folded it and put it in the inside pocket of his trench coat, smiling.
At last, when the woman laughed lovely and melodically, he looked at her and was entirely enchanted by her in an instant.
Then Dean pulled him into a hug. It was a different hug than usual. For one thing, it lasted longer, and for another, it was more physical. In fact, Dean stroked his back for a few seconds, letting his hand linger there longer than Castiel would have expected, until they finally broke away from each other again.
Dean took a deep breath, desperately, desperately needed to ground himself again.
Other than that Dean is slowly losing his mind. :D
At the beginning, they collected associations to works of this kind, and Castiel felt a bit reminded of seminars. Quickly, however, they moved into much freer discussions. For example, Pamela and Gordon, named theses by certain authors to which they should respond.
They went for a walk in the park, instead.
Dean pressed the small package into Cas‘ hand and barely managed to maintain eye contact. He had never felt so fragile, had never felt like he was figuratively giving his heart into the hands of another person.
"Your character,“ Dean murmured while kissing alongside his neck. From time to time, he let his nose wander, apparently attempting to caress every inch.
"Nope, just a little light-headed.“
Cuddling closer to him, he absorbed the beating of Dean’s heart which was still a bit accelerated but not in a bad way, Castiel observed. It was adrenaline, the same he had experienced, and maybe a little joy.
He felt Dean’s tongue tip against his lower lip, so gently. Castiel allowed its entry, enjoying the sensation far too much. He put his arms around Dean’s neck, reflexively nuzzling his neck with his nails, unable to get enough of him and his soft lips.
Gabriel uttered a few explicit curses before sighing again. "What can I do to help?“
Then, he thought about the feeling of closeness to his brother. Dean thought about the confusion and the forlornness, the feeling of being a failure, of being mistaken about oneself. About trying to find happiness in things where it could never be found.
After that day, Dean had been convinced they really had some kind of bond, he just knew. Somehow it was the truth. Cas was special. Which was why he had suggested Cas could accompany him on his road trip in December.
"We will – like we always do.“ Cas winked and engaged him in another kiss. He put his arms around Dean and pressed tightly against him, finally caressing his whole body. Their kisses became more and more stormy and urgent. Dean felt his arousal rising, and only with difficulty suppressed a moan. Breathing heavily, he broke away from Cas.
Dean takes them with a grateful nod. “Thanks.”
“Yeah, sure.”
When Cas nods, staring at Dean like he can’t believe there could be anything better than this, Dean applies more lube to Cas's dick, making him squirm, and then lifts himself out of Cas's lap enough to guide his dick between Dean’s asscheeks.
“I know. Us too.”
“Do you think Dean might let us watch
Dean rubs the rag over his knuckles hard, even though he desperately wants to throw it away and scrub his hands clean.
Sam lifts his eyebrows like he didn't expect Dean to admit that so fast. “So you aren't,” he states, and Dean has to exert a lot of effort not to throw something at his brother's head because he's getting seriously pissed off.
Without looking at any of them, Dean had stammered out a thank you, and then closed the guitar case again and reverently set it aside. He was quiet through the rest of his birthday breakfast, and for days after, the guitar seemed to sit untouched in their room. Castiel had figured that maybe Dean just wasn’t ready yet to let himself have this thing that was for him and him only.
Castiel raises an eyebrow on him and Sam rolls his eyes and caves. “Okay, maaaybe
Giving him a moment to sort himself out, Castiel keeps a grounding hand on his shoulder and checks in on the others. Jack is still snorkeling but Sam and Eileen are swimming towards the shore.
It took enormous effort to open his eyes and his head was pounding. Was he hungover?
Dean presses the button that makes the screen light up and is met by a picture of himself in one of the armchairs in his Cave. He thinks it’s from when he’d just gotten back and was finally steady and aware enough again to actually do stuff with his family. He’s bundled up in a hoodie and a blanket and he looks kind of gaunt under them, his cheeks pale, dark circles under his eyes. The light of the TV is falling onto him, a still mostly full popcorn bowl is balanced precariously in his lap, and he’s asleep. His Stetson is sitting atop the backrest, so it must have been cowboy night.
“There,” Cas says, “I’ll bend it back when we’re done.” He strides through the opening and Dean follows, sending the others a smug look that earns him an exasperated eye-roll from Sam.
Cas moves with him, and Dean stops and warily lifts his head.
The contact is brief but so good; also terrible, and insufficient. Ducking his head,  Dean starts to moodily stab at his eggs.
Deflating, Cas shakes his head and walks over to inspect the cookie tray. “If he needs his rest, I suppose I shouldn’t disturb him. Were you baking again?”
“I… don’t know.” Cas says, still staring at Dean. “Maybe—”
“Alright.” Cas's breathing has noticeably picked up and the way his voice has gotten even rougher and deeper makes Dean shiver. Hesitantly, Cas slides his hands up Dean’s sides under his tee, “May I undress you?”
“I said Yes, Cas,” Dean interrupts him, not understanding why he's so angry about it. A tear drops off his jaw and lands on his fist where it’s tightly clenched in his blanket.
kisses from him either, probably fearing that Castiel would see through his facade right away.
While Castiel decorates a star with sprinkles, he sneaks a glance at Dean, watching how he moves. Dean is keeping his back to the rest of them, his shoulders are stiff while he washes the bowls at the sink and his hands are visibly shaking.
“Woah! Slow d-d-down, c-cowboy.”
He wanted to do this right.
“Yes, well…” Suddenly, he just really wants to see Dean. “I should, um.” He holds up the paper bag and motions towards the hallway leading to their rooms.
Dean's about to counter that he let the kid choose who to bunk with when it clicks with him what Sam's actually getting at.
you almost
There are big and small ones, floppy and… not floppy ones. Dean's decorating the phallic shapes with white icing and seems to be having the time of his life. Castiel had not known they made cookie cutters in shapes like that.
It’s Cas.
if you’d let me stay. And I was hurt at first, yes, and confused, but I forgave you the moment I learned the truth.”
Maybe tomorrow, they can carve out some one-on-one time for themselves. Go for a drive, take a bath together. A day of very little talking, and a lot of touch.
“Th-this g-g-good?” Dean asks once Cas lets him up for air, hand still slowly pumping Cas's dick, thumb teasing under the head.
Dean pumps his fist—victory!—and Cas huffs a breath of laughter and goes back to his game.
Jack looks up from his notepad.
“Don’t g-g-gotta. Yeah, ‘m b-b-banged u-up b-but I got
With a frown, Cas looks up at the speakers, but the voice offers no further explanation. Maybe Dean is trying to mess with him? He still isn’t back.
Shortly after, there’s a knock on the half-open door, and Sam sticks his head in.
“Dean—!”
"I will, but I'd like to hold you. May I?"
Deciding that he’s being irrational, Castiel forces himself to quit stalling and sits down beside Dean on the bed.
already?”
Shoulders slumping in relief, Cas lets go off Dean’s hands and folds Dean against him. Dean tries to apologize again but Cas shakes his head, shushes him. “It’s not your fault, Dean. It’s not your fault.” Dean buries further against him and Cas holds him tighter, not seeming to care about the tears and snot Dean’s smearing into his neck.
"Yeah, b-but you said-d-d you'd wait." Dean is pouting now, his tone changing from angry to hurt. "A-a-and then you just l-l-left me th-there."
“Do you see the two stars at the outer edge of the dipper’s bowl? Connect them, then extend the line above the bowl, and you find Polaris, the North Star, at about five times the distance between the two stars. No matter where the Great Bear is in the sky, these two stars always point to Polaris, helping the lost find their home.”
Get it through your fucking heads and leave me
It’s still early the next time Dean blinks awake, the sunlight filtering through the curtains hazy and soft. His head is still cushioned on Cas's chest, which hasn’t happened all that often before. Cas usually moves him during the night so he can watch Netflix or read a book while Dean snoozes. A lot of the time, he’s gone by morning.
“Mm, th-that’s nice.”
Dean manages not to yell at Sam to mind his own damn business.
“Sammy sa-sa-says…” Dean trails off, his frown deepening. “Side… ef-f-fects,” he continues at length, his tone uncertain like he’s not only having trouble saying words he’s also struggling to remember them. “From th-the… thing-g-g.” He waves vaguely at the small bottle with swirling turquoise liquid on the nightstand beside him.
The kid's been having a rough time though, and Dean's not a
“Dean… you need rest. At least a day. Give us time to look into it first.”
What even the fuck. Why is he so fucking awkward? No wonder even Sam has more game than him.
On the other bed, Sam is packing his own bag, except he's stopped to watch Dean and Cas like they're some sort of bizarre tennis match, his stupid eyebrows almost disappearing into his stupid hairline. He's not saying anything though, so Dean ignores him in favor of more complaining. Which he keeps up all the way to the car, where Jack is already sitting shotgun, rifling through a whole stack of pamphlets. He's been fascinated with them for a while now, actually taking them
because it was an awesome movie, thank you very much.
“Of course you c-can’t do it,” he says, softly and slowly. “Do you know why? Bec-c-cause it’s way too m-m-much for a single person to d-do. No matter h-how powerful. There’s some th-things no one can change. That’s why it’s so important to l-l-look for what you
strong but also soft in all the right places, and he could pick Dean up or hold him down no problem and—and
“The counterspell that Sam cast worked,” Castiel counters, trying to hold back his own irritation. He’s weary and sore and just wants to go home. “And we found the object, solved the case. My grace just needs to recover. It’s fine, Dean.”
"Hey! Welc-c-come back." Dean offers him a smile, but it's a little subdued. There are dark circles under his eyes and every line of his body speaks of exhaustion. Dean leans over the side of the bed and gently sets the case down on the floor where it's out of their line of sight. It's an unspoken rule that Castiel pretends he didn't just hear Dean play.
“...you think it’s weird that I missed this place already?”
Dean snores on and off and at some point talks in his sleep, but with his face mushed into the sheets, Castiel doesn’t understand any of it. He wakes again after only five hours, but still deems ‘operation lullaby’ a success.
Cas goes back to the library, leaving Dean standing there feeling kind of useless and a little stupid.
He hasn't had to do that since him and Cas became, well, him and Cas, because Cas is there often enough when Dean falls asleep. Cas is worlds better than a hot water bottle. And Cas seems content with what they have, because he's not like Dean.
Jesus, can he stop.
“You could j-j-join ‘em,” Dean offers, not for the first time, voice barely louder than the crackling of the fire in front of them. “‘S more fun th-th-than just w-w-watchin’.”
“I think I needed proof,” Cas says, startling Dean. “A reminder that you were back with us, at home and safe.” Gently taking the phone out of Dean’s hand and shutting off the screen, Cas laces their fingers together again. “Michael was still out there and I was scared for you. The thought that he could get his hands on you again, especially after seeing how much you’d suffered, how much damage he did—maybe it was foolish, but I felt if I could just capture this moment, it would mean that everything would be okay again.”
Taking Dean’s hand in his, Castiel reassures him, “We’ll put some water inside the shell for them. And then when they do dry, we’ll press them and put them inside our photo album for safe keeping.” Dean nods mutely, cheeks still flushed, and Castiel feels warmth spread through his core. Every time he realizes again that he’s in love with Dean, it’s this same indescribable feeling, like the sun shining on his face for the first time all over again. Like understanding that he has finally found a home.
homemade honey-walnut pie then.”
Dean makes an irritated sound. “But
Gentle moonlight is illuminating their room, the thin curtains are moving in the breeze, and the sea is close enough that the waves can be heard loud and clear. It’s so soothing that Castiel spends most of the night just listening to the ocean and watching the stars move across the sky.
“Alright. I won’t—I’ll try not do.”
The next time he comes to, he’s sitting upright in bed, his heart is racing, his face is wet. Through the rushing in his ears, he can hear his own fractured voice, endlessly repeating the same thing, and Cas trying to calm him down.
“Did I do something wrong? Did I—did I touch you when you didn’t want it?”
Castiel dims the light, sheds his trenchcoat and blazer and his shoes, and lies down with him. He tugs the comforter over their legs and then strokes a hand down Dean’s arm that’s hiding his face.
“No. But I think you’re forgetting one thing.” Mary’s voice is very soft. “You’re not alone. You’ve got all of us here, willing to help.”
When they reach it, Cas puts Dean’s backpack down, and he must have smuggled even more stuff in there than Dean thought because he somehow conjures up what looks like Dean’s purple flannel. Dean puts it on and is still cold, so Cas takes off his suit jacket and trenchcoat that he’d put back on when they retrieved their stuff, and bundles Dean up in them.
Dean can't hold eye contact for too long, because there's, well, the road he's got to pay attention to. But their little private moment has given him a stupid little flutter in his chest, and something that was wound tight in there relaxes a little.
It stabs. It
. Blindly, he fumbles out a hand and tries to grab whatever is smelling so nice, and then frowns when he’s only met with empty air.
Cas is sitting on the edge of the bed, looking all amused. There’s a steaming plate on his knees and Dean doesn’t even care what it is or where Cas got it from, all he cares about is getting it in him. He sits up against the headboard and then makes grabby hands for his food.
“Get it out.”
A frown forms on Dean's face. "Sentim-m-mental?" he repeats. His expression is guarded but some fear bleeds through.
“She said she’s made her peace with her life, and I respect that. It just reminded me… sometimes I think about living without my Grace.”
Castiel can hear them from the hallway already, Maggie and Jack laughing and Dean mock-complaining. The air is warmer and smells like cinnamon and vanilla.
A blush rises to Dean’s cheeks and he tries to counteract it with a scowl. It’s not
Dean shifts and squints up at Cas.
When Castiel makes to get off the bed, Dean immediately latches onto him.
"Yes! Are you coming too, Cas?"
Dean reaches for a plate and Jack frowns.
“Thank you, but the text I’m reading is in Ancient Canaanite. And Sam is already working through the other ones.”
"Ready?" Castiel asks when Dean has lain down, his hand already hovering over Dean's temple.
His own dick is throbbing with need, drooling precome along the crease of his thigh, but he denies himself for now, just focuses on Cas and lets the pleasure build. Cas's fingers dig into Dean’s hips every time Dean twists his wrist when he reaches the base, and he finally seems to remember that he does, in fact, have hands. Gripping Dean’s thigh with one, he fists the other into the short strands of hair at the back of Dean’s head, dragging him forward and into an open-mouthed kiss.
It actually is, because Dean’s been going through them so fast. He even had to go buy his own moisturizer instead of keeping on stealing Sam’s, because Sam would eventually have noticed.
Dean snorts and then chuckles, shaking his head, his expression radiating fondness. Swaddled in thick clothing, hair mussed, shadows of exhaustion under his eyes that are crinkling in the corners, he is radiant. His throat and chest tight with emotion, Castiel can’t help staring at him.
Sam rolls his eyes and puts the casserole dish he's just finished drying back under the kitchen island. "You just wanna see the ghost army."
Still, it’s not that bad. The beach is wide and sandy, and reasonably clean. The waves aren’t too big. It’s decidedly too warm in the direct sunlight though, and Dean looks around until he spots a low wall that gets some shade from the palm trees behind it. He points Jack in its direction.
Turning around once more before leaving the kitchen, Castiel sees her lean in and say something to Dean. Dean signs something back one-handedly that Castiel can't quite see from the angle he's looking. Whatever it was makes Eileen laugh and shove lightly at Dean's shoulder. Dean pretends to be annoyed but Castiel can see him trying to hide a smile.
“Hey!” Dean grouses.
He’s going to throw up—he scrambles off the bed, hangs his head over the sink and dry-heaves. Nothing comes up but spit. He gags, forces it out. The sink is cold as ice but it’s the only solid thing he’s got to hold onto. Sinking to his knees, he leans his sweaty forehead against it. When he feels like he can walk without collapsing, he makes his way down the hall and takes another shower—first cold, then scalding hot. He just stands under the spray, eyes closed. Even when he dries off, he makes sure not to touch his skin directly even once.
Cas reached out a hand, gently stroking the chocolate off Dean’s skin. Dean went very, very still. Well, except for his stupid heart, which was thumping away like crazy.
"The hell's ta-ta-taking you guys so l-l-long?"
"It's okay," Castiel repeats, determined to help and yet helpless. Dean's self-loathing sometimes still seems like an insurmountable enemy. Castiel kisses Dean’s hair, holds him. "I'm here."
Dean signs and gives her his best confused look.
Yeah, that was what they’d thought before too.
"Aw, Sammy, d-d-don't be such a—" Dean picks up a cookie that doesn't have icing on it yet, one of the small and floppy ones, and slaps it into Sam's palm,
“We got nothing to d-d-do b-but wait for the oth-thers right now. Might as well have some f-f-fun. Nothing w-w-wrong with th-that.”
It’s not exactly a super flattering picture, though he guesses without the context someone might look at it and think he just looks sleepy and soft.
“Thank you, Sam,” Castiel answers weakly. The door clicks shut and then they’re alone.
“I think we should head back to the motel soon, get something to eat and compare what we’ve found out.”
Then Sam mentioned that their Mom was worried because Dean wasn’t answering her text messages, and Dean plugged in his phone for the first time in forever, only to be faced with the fact that he had a dozen messages and couldn’t read any of them. He stared at the words that no longer made sense to him until his eyes watered, frozen in fear because if this was gone that meant more things could be gone and he just hadn’t noticed yet.
That, and Jack loves to drive. The first time Dean had shown him how and they went fishing after, Jack had told Castiel that it had been 'the best day ever'.
rom-m-mantic.”
It’s a little ridiculous.
Another stroke, another, and then Dean’s mouth goes slack and he chokes on a moan as he comes in long, hard pulses that white the room out for a moment. He floats on the pleasure for what feels like a long time, soothed into relaxation by the strong arms holding him up, sheltering him.
Castiel is pretty sure Sam is just humoring him at this point, but he’s grateful nonetheless. They end up watching some kind of documentary. Castiel doesn’t know what it’s about, too weary and distracted to pay attention. The images and sounds of nature are soothing, but the sight of Dean’s unshed tears has left Castiel restless and sad.
They relocate to the kitchen. Surveying their options, Dean gets the rest of last week’s tomato soup out of the freezer and makes some grilled cheese to go along with it. It’s not exactly a lot of work, but Jack wants to help anyway. They stand shoulder to shoulder at the stove, and then sit down at the table to enjoy their spoils.
Eileen and Jack snicker. Dean glares at them and then at Cas, though he can’t really be mad that Cas made them laugh, even if it’s at his expense.
“Then go. I won’t have you fidgeting against me all night.”
When she wakes, he asks her to check his phone. In the rearview mirror, he sees her squint blearily at the screen, “Dean’s sent you a thumbs-up emoji.” Then, scrolling upwards, she smiles softly, “You send him the heart emoji a lot.”
Dean scowls and steps away from Cas, fingers twitching with pent-up frustration.
in Dean wants to shove Sam away and cling to him tighter. And Dean is so tired of it. He really hopes that Sammy is right and Cas really is still willing to listen. Where Dean wanted to hide himself before, he’s starting to become desperate to be seen.
"How are you holding up?" She asks, leaning forward and resting her arms on the back of the front seat.
“Dean—”
“You’re making it sound like it’s a burden to take care of you like this. It’s
The twinkle in Dean’s eyes suggests he’s probably looking to make out, but the moment they lie down, he starts yawning. He curls into Castiel’s chest like an overgrown cat and seconds later, he’s snoring.
Dean's smile falls away and he frowns at Sam, who frowns right back.
"Just for the record though," Cal continues, either encouraged or made uncomfortable by Dean's silence. "I don't believe in what Kit and Valerie were sprouting. Obviously Mi—, uh,
Clumsily, he reaches inside the inner pocket of his coat and pulls out the small satchel he's been carrying around with him for days now.
“Dean, stop! You need to calm down!”
He’s walked a few more paces and then gently but firmly guided to sit down. There’s still rushing in his ears, and the shaking gets worse again when he realizes that whoever was with him has left. It’s all he can do to hang on until they’re back.
A sigh crackles through the line. “
Dean ends the message and chucks his phone to the side. Then he thinks better of it and shoves it into his pants pocket where he can’t see it anymore and have it remind him of his idiocy. The kid is coming back from the bathroom and Dean quickly drains his coke and throws a couple bills on the table. He gets up so quickly he almost stumbles, and Jack looks at him with a frown.
Dean couldn’t care less about the stupid sun but he wants to know what picture of him Cas is using. He tries to grab Cas's phone.
Dean’s nose is blocked. He takes a shuddering breath in through his mouth, inhaling the scent of Cas’s shirt—warm cotton and the pine tree air freshener Cas keeps in his truck.
anything hits a little close to some really unpleasant memories. It’s been long enough that the reminder doesn’t evoke crippling fear, but his heart picks up speed and his grip on his knife tightens.
Dean moves his head and shoots Castiel a betrayed look, but Castiel won’t let himself be swayed this time. With a put-upon sigh, Dean pushes himself up and then sits, scowling.
Dean grumbles. “‘M not.”
Still avoiding Dean’s eyes, Cal says, in a weird tone like he doesn’t want to but feels like he has to, “Sorry, man, it’s just.” He motions at his own face and then at Dean. “I still see—”
“I think you should sleep some more, Dean,” Castiel says, straining to sound calm and keep from Dean how unnerving it is to see him like this.
“Um.” Unprepared for this turn of events, Castiel has to reorient his thoughts. “Eileen has mentioned that she wants to watch
Dean repeats that mantra until he drifts off. He only wakes up briefly when Sam comes back, but knowing his little brother is close and safe makes it a lot easier to fall asleep again. Dean expects to be able to sleep till morning, but the next time he comes to he's sitting up, his tee is sticking to his back with sweat, his heart is racing, and he
It’s okay during the day—well no, it’s not okay. Sam will clap Dean on the back or shoulder, Jack will brush against his arm when they’re standing side by side at the stove. And what used to feel so normal—good even—will feel like too much to handle.
"Thank you, Sam."
Cas sets the glass down on the nightstand and then hesitates. He’s making that sad teddy bear face, and Dean already knows that whatever Cas asks, Dean’s going to have a tough time saying no.
“Hm?”
to the bottom of the ocean and be done with it.
“Alright.” Trying to come up with something fitting, the sound of the waves gives Castiel an idea. “A long time ago, there once were a bird and a fish. They had names, of course, but the names are of a tongue so old I can’t pronounce them in this body.”
Castiel sighs. “I know. I was just stressed before, and annoyed. I wanted to get out of the store, and it didn’t make sense to me why Dean would call me to the register like that because I’d forgotten he didn’t have his phone.” He rubs a hand over his mouth. “I didn’t mean for this to turn into a fight.”
Changing into one of the t-shirts and sleep pants Dean insisted are needed for cuddling purposes, Castiel slides in under the blanket next to him. Dean sighs and reaches for his hand. The trembling has lessened but Castiel can still feel it.
Judging by the point of view, Cas took it while sitting outside on the balcony. In the picture, Dean's lying on his belly on their motel room bed, spread out diagonally like a starfish with one hand almost trailing on the floor. He's naked but the blanket is mostly covering his back and his butt. Early morning light is giving the picture a soft hue, and it would be flattering if Dean's mouth wasn't open and the fabric under his cheek wasn't visibly darkened with drool.
“Since a-a-alw-w-ways.” If anything, Dean has flushed deeper.
"I don't even like broccoli. Or carrots," he grouses while everyone else starts to dig in.
It's Tuesday, which means movie night, which means another good-bad thing that Dean just has to get through. He never went back to sleep last night and instead browsed vintage car forums until it was finally time to get up. So maybe he'll just fall asleep ten minutes into the movie and that'll be that.
Cas snorts and then his shoulders start shaking with silent laughter.
"I'd rather stay busy," he says, and Dean can't argue with that because he gets it.
Oh, Dean is so going to “accidentally” drive his wheelchair over Sam’s toes later.
“—and walked back out. I think he was trying not to laugh at me.”
Dean digs through his pocket without lifting his head and hands the keys over to Sam. He’s beat; he spent the last hour or so stumbling along the trail in an exhausted haze, the pounding in his temples has worsened, and he just wants to escape into sleep.
“What for?"
"Aww," Donna is saying, having walked up behind them without either of them noticing. "Young love." She puts a hand on her chest and sighs.
He’ll see who Dean truly is.
“Watching the capybaras. I like them, they remind me of you.”
“Stop snooping,” Castiel lectures sternly, even though, technically, little information can be gained from their text thread without listening to all the voice messages. And, well, he did ask her to check.
“Are you alright?”
Dean grimaces and shifts on the bed. Out in the field, promises like that don’t mean much. And if Cas witnesses someone being in danger, there’s no way he’s going to put himself first.
“You’re my husband, I think I’m entitled.”
the hunters that c-c-come here
Cas is thumbing through a file, and he's surrounded by several piles of books. He looks up as Dean comes in and smiles at him in that soft, dorky way of his. Like he's happy to see Dean.
“Hey, sleepyhead—” Dean glares up at him at that, but with his hair mussed and fluffy from letting it dry while he slept, he looks more adorable than intimidating. “We’re leaving.” When Dean’s glare deepens at that, Castiel adds, “Didn’t you want to check out that burger place today that the receptionist recommended to us?”
Cas is looking at him with round, worried eyes. Dean is so startled, he doesn't answer, and the next thing he knows Cas has laid a flat palm on his forehead and is squinting at him.
“It’s not that I don’t want you. It’s…” Cas takes his hands off Dean’s face but Dean doesn’t release his grip on them, needing them to stay connected in that way. To his relief, Cas doesn’t draw away, just grips him back. “Sometimes I find myself… at a loss. I don’t know how to express my affection for you, and when I do, I’m not very good at it, and that… that frustrates me.” Cas is the one avoiding eye-contact now, looking off to the side and frowning at the wall.
Letting the others lead the way, Cas pushes Dean’s chair securely and at a leisurely pace. They get stopped shortly by someone complimenting the custom spoke guards Dean chose for today—they're his favorite because there’s a badass photo of Baby on them, perfectly fitting the black and silver design of his chair.
“I’m not sure, but I think he’s still struggling with being mostly human now. I thought we’d gotten him to a point where he could not only accept it but also revel in it, but… well, sometimes there are setbacks.”
Apparently Dean's fresh out of both dignity and decency though, because the first thing he does after throwing on his robe is go and look for Cas.
Cas puts a hand on Dean's back but instead of defending his honor he says, with a solemnity that's completely uncalled for, “It's his favorite sleeping position.”
Cas moves likes he’s looking behind him and then chuckles.
Cas sounds like he’s pleading, and Dean feels himself getting upset along with him. Still—
Cas draws a breath. Then hesitates. “I hope you sleep better tonight,” he finally says, his voice soft and quiet. Dean swallows, and it feels loud in the intimate space between them. Already that ache is spreading from his chest up into his arms and into his throat. He
“Dean, that’s not—”
“Dean! We didn’t—
Sam is standing on the opposite side of the fire in front of which Castiel and Dean have made themselves comfortable sitting on the logs that are set up in a circle around it. The fireplace is a recent addition to their home that they’ve all built together not far from the bunker’s entrance where it’s sheltered by a handful of trees.
Dean ignores him. He turns the TV volume down and then Castiel can hear the cap of the massage oil open.
Every time Sam stretches up to reach one of the higher branches, Eileen sneaks up on him to tickle him while Sam tries to twist away, or pretends to, both of them laughing like children. Eileen brings out a playful, tender side of Sam that Castiel had never seen before. Dean must see it too, because he teases Sam way less than Castiel would have expected, and gives the two of them a lot of space.
Cas puts a hand on the back of Dean’s neck and draws him forward into a kiss that’s a lot more passionate than their gentle making-out from before and that Dean has a hard time breaking away from.
“It’s okay,” Cas keeps saying. “It’s okay.”
Sam lets his fork clutter onto his plate and stands up, “Gonna go pack, meet you at the car.”
Castiel rolls his eyes but he can't suppress his smile for long. It feels permanent at this point.
And he
“And Jack, I just—I just want him to be able to be a child sometimes. But I don’t know how. I can’t seem to make it happen.”
He trails off and bites his tongue hard against the tears that threaten.
Completely oblivious to Dean’s predicament, Cas takes his shirt the rest of the way off and then starts rummaging through his bag with a frown. “Changing my shirt,” he answers, absently. “It still smells like vomit.”
He leaves, and Dean clenches his jaw against the stab of pain that goes through his heart. His movements sluggish and his limbs feeling heavy as lead, Dean peels himself out of his clothes at a snail’s pace until he’s down to his tee and underwear. He shoves the pile of clothes off the bed and down onto the pillows arranged around it for protection. Then he crawls under the covers and lies down.
Dean sighs internally, cursing the marshmallow he apparently has for a heart, but he smiles and claps Jack on the back gently.
“Do you feel alone in caring for Dean now?”
"Of course, Cas. It
Used to the brothers ribbing each other, Castiel instead focuses on watching Jack play in the waves, splashing water at Eileen and getting splashed back, a wide smile on his face. Seeing his family in such good spirits is very precious to Castiel, so he pulls out his phone and snaps a picture. They’re probably too far away for it to really show much, but he wants to at least have tried.
He’s missed
Dean hadn’t wanted them to make a big deal out of his birthday, uncomfortable with being the center of attention. Mary had been the only additional guest, and though Dean pretended to be grumpy about it all, he had eagerly put on the silly party hat and blown out the candles on his birthday cake.
Cas smiles softly and shakes his head, but he also takes his hand off Dean's back, and Dean has to fight down the urge to grab it and put it back there.
Seeing that Dean will not let it go, Castiel admits, “I don’t think my singing is very good, Dean.”
“Say you’re sorry for leaving and that you’ll make it up to him,” Sam advises, signing as he speaks. “Offer to do something you both enjoy. Something relaxing so you can
After a while, Castiel starts to fidget. It’s uncomfortable to sit, no matter how he arranges the pillows behind him. “My back hurts,” he complains. “I need to walk around.” Nevermind that he still gets dizzy when he does that, he can’t sit like this any longer.
Dean moves on to the leek while Eileen cleans up the potato peels and drags the biggest pot they own out of the cupboard. They chat idly while they work, and when the soup is bubbling on the stove, they move the cutting boards and knives to the sink to be washed with the dishes later.
a spring chicken.
“Dean...” Reaching for the remote, Castiel shuts off the TV and then puts a hand on Dean’s back between his shoulder blades. Dean doesn’t tense or shift away from the touch, but Castiel can feel fine tremors running through him. “I’m sorry you had to see me like this. It—Sam told me how long it took until I came to. I wasn’t aware.”
timeline: takes place somewhere between 13x06 Tombstone and 13x16 Scoobynatural
He can hear voices, but he can’t make sense of what they’re saying. Hands seem to be touching him everywhere but he can’t even protest. He’s heaved up and carried. When he opens his eyes, everything is blurry and confusing. It hurts. It hurts inside, why aren’t they making it stop hurting?
Almost hesitantly, Dean takes the koala out and lets the bag fall down onto the carpet. He stares at it for a long moment, his mind seeming far away. When he comes out of it, he blinks his eyes and casts a worried glance at Castiel. Carefully, Dean sets the koala down on his bedside table, and then doesn’t seem to know what to do with his hands. When he opens his mouth, his throat clicks but no words come out.
It’s just cold sweat, probably. He’s not really dirty.
"Oh, he d-d-doesn't rec-c-call," Dean sneers while they move to the end of the queue. "Do you know how long I I-l-looked for you? Th-th-the things I saw?" He shudders dramatically and makes a face. "I th-th-think I saw some guy dressed as a c-c-cow pour milk in his—ugh, let's not t-t-talk about it."
Dean nudges him. “Take a selfie!” he demands, so Castiel clicks on the button to switch the modus. Dean tucks himself closer and Castiel squints into the camera—he never knows what kind of expression to make for these.
“That oil was expensive. This is just a waste of
hurts how much Dean needs Cas to hold him like he doesn't want to let him go.
was gone, our family, who we
Sam rolls his eyes and Eileen hides a smile behind her hand.
Cas offers his hand to him in invitation. Hesitantly, Dean reaches back. Cas takes Dean’s hand in both of his and just holds it.
Right.
Dean drifts for a little bit, forcing himself to concentrate on the feeling of Cas's hands on his face, on the soft puffs of breath hitting Dean’s mouth, instead of the shame and self-loathing that keep trying to bubble up. It’s okay; Cas understands, Cas doesn’t judge him, Cas is glad Dean told him. It’s okay. Dean’s allowed to feel this way, he didn’t do anything wrong. He’s not a burden. It’s
He’s still getting used to letting his guard down like this. It took him a long time, but now he cherishes just letting go and knowing that it will all be okay.
a tight fit, but Dean doesn't seem to mind. Lying between Castiel's legs, Dean rests with his back against Castiel's chest and leans his head on his shoulder with a blissful sigh.
touching Dean. It's a good thing Dean's wearing a tee and is also seriously tired, because otherwise he might just sport a chubby from this, and that would be really awkward with the kid in the room.
Struck with sudden inspiration, Castiel puts his find into the pocket of his swim trunks instead of showing it to Dean right away.
“Kid’s had a rough day yesterday,” he says, which is neither a yes nor a no to Cas’s question. And, oh fuck, is that his voice? He sounds like a wreck. He chugs more coffee and then grimaces—it’s barely lukewarm anymore.
All Dean had wanted was to sleep and forget about it all, but Sam had looked scared, so Dean had given in. Unfortunately, it wasn’t as quick as one single trip to a doctor’s office. There were questions, and tests, then more tests, and more questions. A lot of which Dean couldn’t even answer, because he wasn’t aware of what his body was doing when whatever it was happened. A part of him didn’t even want to know. Wanted to pretend none of this was happening. It was surreal, listening to Sam describe the way Dean’s limbs would shake and jerk, like he was talking about someone else, someone Dean didn’t know.
Dean hums an affirmative, leans his head against the edge of the tub again, and is out almost instantly.
And Dean got that, he did, but it all came back to one thing for him—how was he supposed to kick God’s ass and protect Sammy when he couldn’t even trust his own body not to fail him at any moment?
Castiel can vividly imagine it.
So, yeah.
Dean had quickly shaken his head. He pressed the glass with cool juice against his throbbing temple and closed his eyes, took a shuddering breath.
? And why did one of them have to be taller than him and with freakishly long arms?
Annoyed and frustrated and trying to dodge a small but persistent dog that's been following him for four aisles and keeps trying to fornicate with his leg, Castiel checks the list again.
"I don't recall," Castiel says, though he does, in fact, recall Dean saying something along those lines while Castiel was distracted with the impressive shopping list Sam had just handed him. He’s unwilling to admit that right now though, too pissed off still by the crowd in the store and his battle to the registers.
Sam hesitates. "Maybe later, when he's feeling a little better. Don’t take this the wrong way, but I think right now, the  two of you are just going to distress each other. Cas—" Sam heads off his impending complaints, "listen. I know it's important to you both to take care of each other. And I'm not saying that's bad. Couples should be caring for each other. But right now, neither of you can take care of the other. So let us help."
With the mirror fogged up, his reflection is nothing but a flesh colored smudge. He dresses in layers, and his layers dress in layers too.
At that, Dean looks up and shakes his head. "Cas, it j-j-just is what it is. You c-c-can't come running-g-g ev-v-very time I so m-m-much as sneeze."
Cas chuckles. “Apologies. You’re right, they’re very cuddly and cute.”
Instantly, Dean’s heart had jumped into his throat and got stuck there, heavy and hot like a heated stone. Mutely, he’d managed a tiny nod.
“You never have to thank me for protecting you, Dean.”
His body feels like it got run over by a truck, even though all that happened was that he got knocked out by a leviathan and then got punched in the face by God. That’s no biggie, comparatively. He can deal with that, but not with the way it feels inside—like he ripped something open, and it's still bleeding and won't stop.
Beside Dean, Cas is munching on some popcorn. He's so far away Dean can't even feel his body heat.
big h-h-hands.”
Castiel accepts the plate Sam hands him, drying it carefully.
Dean keeps standing at the stove, twisting and twisting the dish towel in his hands. Finally, he throws it to the side and runs both hands over his face. This is okay. He's okay. He shouldn't have—
"I should start researching, find another way to beat Chuck."
Leaning forward, Dean closed his eyes when their mouths met. He could feel his own lips tremble, could feel his eyes burn with the intense wave of emotion that crashed over him. One kiss turned into two, into three, chaste but already more than Dean felt he could handle.
“How are you feeling?” he asks, sitting down beside Castiel in the back, his eyes and voice filled with concern.
Still, Dean chugs his coffee quickly, which is a bad idea because it doesn't exactly help with how jittery he's feeling. He knows he's being kind of ridiculous but he sneaks into the shower next, and gives the kitchen and library a wide berth.
The kids show Jack how to move his arms and where to stand and then they take up the game again. By the end of the day Jack’s going to have sore arms and sand in uncomfortable places, but he’s laughing, all sadness forgotten for the moment, so Dean thinks it’s going to be worth it.
Jack looks up at them, his voice watery and uncertain. “I… I don’t know what to do.”
Dean grimaces and shifts to step out of Cas's hold.
“No, that’s not it. You help. Everyone helps.”
“Dean and I watched
He looks like it, too, and it’s a fear Castiel knows all too well himself.
There's little to no privacy to be had in the hunter's cabin that's functioning as their headquarters, and the cold doesn't affect Castiel much, so he steps outside to dial.
With Jack away from the bunker for the next couple of hours, they get to work outside. After the grill and the garden chairs and tables have been carried outside, Castiel leaves it to Sam and Eileen to hang up colorful lampions in the trees.
“Dean? What’s wrong, are you in pain?”
Dean wants to say yes, but it’s hard to remember how to do that or even concentrate on it. His reality wavers between his bloodied hands that he’s staring at, and a vision of a strapped down and screaming creature, of a chalice with glowing liquid, of burned out eyes. He starts shaking.
It’s a very sweet gift, though Castiel is still confused why—
He’s missed Cas.
separation anxiety. It can't be that, because that's a level of pathetic he doesn't know how to deal with.
Dean feels himself smile despite himself, warmth spreading in his chest where he felt cold before.
Conversation carries on mostly without him while he stuffs his face, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t notice how the strain has gone out of Sam and Eileen’s interactions, their smiles genuine as they actually meet each other’s eyes again. Seeing Sammy happy makes Dean even happier, which means it’s totally an accident when he flicks a blueberry into Sam’s hair.
Dean holds on for another long moment, then claps Sam on the back. “G-g-get some m-m-more b-b-beauty ssssleep.” He winces internally at how bad he sounds right now, but it's worth it to see Sam shake his head and laugh in that my-brother-is-a-jerk-but-I-love-him-anyway kind of way that never fails to make Dean feel kind of proud of them.
Dean doesn’t have a comeback to that. Castiel can hear him complain some more under his breath but he finally twists off the cap. By the time they’re back inside their motel room—after giving back the wheelchair they’d rented and retrieving Dean’s—the bottle is half-empty.
And, while some of them are open and friendly with Dean, maybe there are also those that can’t forget that he’s the Sword.
Dean blinks at the stars and then sighs and nuzzles his cheek against the fabric of Cas's slacks.
