And he still got the better end of the deal. He still got let off easy. He’d been pardoned, was being sent home, allowed to come home, to be a father, and to try to make up for it all, because Tony, and the baby didn’t have another option. They couldn’t even be free from him, would maybe never be free of him, and it wasn’t fucking fair to them, and he knew it.
I told myself I'd never put H*ward on screen because I hate his guts, but I really wanted to dive into this topic, to let out some of my own irl frustration. Don't worry, my father's never hit me, but the emotional aspect, the distance and sense of disappointment is definitely there. I ended up crying about it at work last week LOL. So here's a little thought dump in the form of a story that I'm sure plenty of people can relate to. Luckily Tony's got his Steve to make it all better <3
Secretary Ross had been surprised by his sudden change of tune, his sudden willingness to cooperate, but seemed relieved. As long as the matter was resolved somehow, he seemed okay with it. He even offered his sympathies towards Tony when the brunet explained his reasoning, which seemed out of character, but Tony supposed even monsters had hearts.
Steve’s hands were hot against Tony’s skin, but it was nothing against the heat that consumed him when the blond kept
he upset lately?) but staying away from his friend was starting to become difficult, in more ways than one.
was able to get a nap in. He may have fucked up his sleeping pattern a little tonight, but that was okay. It was worth it for getting actual rest, for a relief from the pain for a little while.
Maybe they were an odd pair, with their differing life experiences, but they were perfectly matched because of them. They could relate to each other in ways not many people could, and Tony was thankful for that. He was thankful for Steve, and he didn’t intend to ever let him go.
He wished he’d been caught, when the jet crashed. Even if he were in prison now, he’d be close enough for Tony to visit, be able to see him, talk to him, even if Tony stood on the opposite side of the cell and cursed him, yelled at him, threw every harsh and biting word he could think of in Steve’s face, alongside the list of his failures. At this point, he’d welcome the punishment, welcome the prospect of Tony damning his name, if only he could
Steve turned a little, shielding him from the wind. Tony had been in his arms before, in brief intervals, but never as long as this. He’d never latched onto Steve so entirely either, as if he couldn’t get close enough, as if he needed him to survive, like he did now. Steve had never been able to appreciate just how perfectly Tony fit here, in his arms, how good it felt to hold him.
the difference, in himself, and it was a little embarrassing, but as long as nobody else caught on it didn’t matter.
Steve took his shirt off slowly, moved across the room and draped it over the arm chair in the corner. He didn’t want it getting wrinkled.
“Just now,” Tony replied, standing again. “They were out of coffee flavored ice cream, but there was a sale on paper towels, so I got a bunch. We go through them way too fast.”
She had plenty of practice finding his prostate by now, and angled her thrusts so they’d hit every time, alternated between just barely grazing it and pressing insistently, a sense of satisfaction growing in her as the soldier slowly became more vocal. Steve was always a little embarrassed about being loud in bed, at least at first, but after being together so many times, he was starting to be more comfortable with it, with letting loose, letting himself enjoy it all properly, whether he was being fucked or fucking her, fucking her so good that it left her hips aching, tears swimming in those long lashes from the pleasure of it all.
“How are you feeling, Mr. Stark?” the doctor greeted, informational tablet in his hands. He spoke softly; no one particularly wanted to wake the baby quite yet.
Before he shut the door to the bathroom in preparation of his well-deserved shower, Steve gently cupped his face, brushed a thumb over his cheek, and smiled at him.
No more playing around now. Steve pressed forward as far as he could go, and Tony’s throat spasmed around him, Steve’s cock carving out a path that cut off his airway. For an instant, a pang of fear went through Tony’s body, and his eyes snapped open to look up at his boyfriend. But he knew Steve, trusted Steve, and knew the blond would never hurt him.
“You did it! Jesus, Tony, you did it!” Rhodey laughed, breathless and filled with excitement, and Celene congratulated him. There was a lot of chatter going on he couldn’t quite understand at the moment, but shit. He’d actually done it.
“I could ask you the same thing,” Steve replied, crossing the room. He grabbed the bottle of lube, climbed on the bed, and leaned low over Tony, grazed his teeth against the brunet’s collarbone.
“Hurts,” he admitted. “We uh…we had a disagreement while you were gone,” Tony added, avoiding Steve’s gaze.
The soldier had been asleep when the phone rang at around 2:30, but the device was close enough to the bed that he’d heard it go off, had been ripped out of sleep by it.
His fingertips were quaking, but there was assurance, deliberation in the act, and in his eyes. They were dark, and somewhat distant, still wet with tears, but warm, pleading,
Then again, Jarvis had always been able to see through his lies, so he might have just had to tell the truth regardless, and prayed that the man wouldn’t share the news with his father. He was dreading that more than anything, right now. Howard didn’t approve of his partying. Well, what
He could imagine it, could imagine the mortification, the sick thrill of being put on display, of being fucked and claimed in front of a crowd, in front of cameras and the whole world, and Steve’s hands on him, his voice in his ear. Everyone would know exactly who Tony was, who he belonged to. And after the first time maybe it could happen again, and Tony could be sitting like this on Steve’s cock all the time, a beautiful little ornament for Steve to use, or ignore, or both, depending on his mood. Tony could be his little whore, who everyone wanted but would never get a piece of, because he belonged to Steve alone.
, it was extremely hard. Steve used his tongue well, always did, got him sloppy and wet and shuddering. More than once Tony’s hips dropped to the bed when his knees gave out, and he tried to chase the friction of the mattress to relieve his aching cock, but Steve would just pull him back up, hold him there, and Tony had no choice but to take it, to take his teasing licks and pointed thrusts inward.
“Hey, none of that,” Steve said immediately, and he wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders, held him tight. “You’re not stupid, you hear me?  You’re not stupid. Whatever happened tonight wasn’t your fault.”
His hands slid up her waist and back down, gripped her thighs where they were spread around his sides. The black silk of her lingerie was like heaven under his fingertips, smooth and luxurious, and her skin was warm, soft from the lotion she wore. One of his hands moved up and traced the line of the scientist’s body, from her supple breasts, made no less beautiful by the net of scars marring her cleavage, the glowing, circular device in their center, all the way down, and settled on the generous, thick curve of the dildo strapped to the harness she wore.
“I’ll take care of your mug,” Steve said, pulling the empty ceramic from Wanda’s hands, gesturing in the direction of the bedrooms. “Go and get some rest.”
Tony snorted at that. “I wish it was that easy,” he replied morosely. “I wish I was some doe-eyed, easily swayed bitch. I wish I could just roll over and give myself to him on a silver platter.”
Tony smiled then, properly, and grabbed Steve’s hand, held it between his own, and his shoulders dropped a little, like all of the tension bled out of him.
The problem was he didn’t seem to plan on doing that anytime soon. Steve was leaving now, for most likely half a year, if not longer, and that would certainly halt any progress they had made in their relationship. They still argued, a lot actually, but enjoyed being around each other. Tony was infuriating in all the right ways, and Steve would really,
He didn’t protest when Steve leaned over him, buckled him into his car seat. Steve’s touch was warm, comforting, and so was the leather jacket wrapped around Tony.
—” His eyes were shut and brows pinched, whether from pleasure or frustration Tony couldn’t say. Maybe his teasing had more of an affect than he anticipated.
Still, no one felt safe right now. It’d already been an hour, and they hadn’t been discovered, but Sam wasn’t sure their luck would last. They had nothing but the clothes on their backs and the weapons in their hands; he didn’t even have a bandage for the gash on Natasha’s forehead. He did his best cleaning it off in the nearby river, and did the same for Steve’s burns.
communicating. He hoped that was soon, but knew it might take a long time. He’d been itching to hear Tony’s voice again, if only for a few moments, but knew better than to try and call. When Tony was ready, he would reach out. Steve just had to trust.
The blond let out a frustrated sigh, caught up in his thoughts, and actually felt a little embarrassed when Wanda questioned him about it.
“You can do it,” his boyfriend replied, slipping into his sweet, soft voice, without the heat of irritation.
him, kept going like it didn’t even matter that Tony was going to come apart at the seams in seconds, like Tony was just his to use, just a warm hole, and that? Well, that was
He had to restrain himself from letting his fingertips graze Tony’s shoulder, from drawing him into his arms again, safe and warm, like he’d been last night. “After…after everything that happened?”
He knew he couldn’t give up though. His conscience wouldn’t let him, after everything that had happened in his life, and that made it so much more frustrating.
Tony lifted a hand, curled it around the side of his face, carded his fingers through the smooth, golden fur. He’d been a little squeamish about it the first time, letting Steve lick him like this, and how messy and strange it felt, but this was Steve after all, and Tony loved Steve, all of Steve, in any form, so he stopped minding really fast. It was filthy, in the best way, and never failed to make him more eager.
The brunet smiled at him, tilted his head back, silently asking for a kiss. Steve obliged immediately, slung his arm over Tony’s waist and kissed him thoroughly. Tony smiled into it a little, let it go on for a bit, soft and slow and eventually pulled back, let his head fall against the pillow beneath him. Steve settled behind him then, inhaled his warm, delicious scent and let out a soft sigh.
“That’s it, yes, yes, such a good boy,” Tony crooned, reaching back to stroke the soft, thick fur running down the blond’s neck, brushing down his chest. The angle was a little hard on his wrist, but it was well worth it for the pleased little sound Steve gave him, the way he bent down further, melted into the touch.
Tony snuggled a little closer, tucked his head under Steve’s chin. It did feel really nice, made him feel a little less frantic. He wasn’t sure if he’d be able to sleep really, but he could try. Steve’s arms enveloped him, warm and familiar. If Tony closed his eyes, he could pretend they were back at home instead of in a tiny bed at Barton’s farm.
Steve leaned over and pressed a kiss to his cheek as they walked to the entrance. “I know. I’m practically a villain,” he said, deadpan.
T’challa and Shuri weren’t sure exactly what to make of it. What had prompted such a sudden change of heart, such a hefty decision out of nowhere? What did Steve have to tell Tony, that was so urgent? Did it have something to do with this? The Alpha wasn’t sure if he wanted to ask. The look on Steve’s face was far more raw than he was comfortable with. It was better to carry on with business, like they were doing before the document came in.
Tony took a deep breath, looked down at the photo on the phone’s screen. It was an okay photo of him, all things considered. It was just of him standing in front of the mirror, turned to the side to emphasize his belly. He’d kept his face out of the shot, didn’t quite want to share it yet, but could share this. He had to, even if it was difficult. He wasn’t exactly content with the changes his body was going through in general, so sharing them with Steve just added another layer of difficulty, but he’d promised a photo, and was going to deliver.
That led to the third reason he was nervous. Tony was so quiet right now. He was so damn quiet. Tony was a talker; he had a lot to say, and liked to say it, went on and on with jokes or lectures or flirtatious suggestions for the most part, so to see him sitting here, looking weary and a little dazed and keeping his mouth firmly shut was well out of the ordinary. It made Steve feel young and stupid and scared, and he wasn’t sure how he was holding it all together.
He took a deep breath, tried to put another stroke of paint on the canvas, a long, sweeping one, that took up a good chunk of the surface.
“I wish… I wish I knew what to do,” Steve admitted. “I wish I knew how to get things back on track, for all of us.”
It was funny, how bad he needed Steve’s hands on him now, his touch, when being touched half an hour ago made him want to die. It really came down to the person, he supposed. The devil was in the details. Steve’s touch was welcome, wanted, unlike the strangers he’d met tonight, he’d trusted, who had betrayed him, just wanted to take advantage of him. Their touches felt intrusive, disgusting, and the phantom feeling of their hands on him haunted Tony now.
“Should we take him inside?” Steve asked as Tony closed the garden gate behind them, gently rubbing Peter’s back.
Steve searched his face, saw the discomfort in his eyes, and it made his heart squeeze. He withdrew his hands immediately, felt kind of embarrassed, stupid, for not having better control of himself. God, they’d just confessed their feelings minutes ago, and Tony had a hell of an unpleasant experience a few
It was a direct contrast from the last photo he’d received, a few months ago, where Tony’s chest was littered with bruises, the skin yellow and purple, his pain palpable. Now, his body had changed, a lot. One of Tony’s hands was curled around his belly, large and round. The other of course was holding the phone up. Seeing the photo, seeing him like that, really made it all a reality for Steve. Thus far it had been difficult to imagine Tony like that, even when they talked about having kids in the past. But the evidence was very clearly there now, and it made Steve’s heart flutter in a way it hadn’t in so long.
“Fine, fine,” Steve conceded. Thankfully for Tony, he decided to be merciful today, because he bent down, gave Tony a deep kiss, sweet but firm, licked at the seam of his lips until the brunet moaned a little, opened his mouth.
Rhodey blinked at that, and raised a brow, smiled a little. “Is this your way of officially asking me to be a godparent?” he asked.
He knew he’d been out of sorts, drifting at sea these last few months, letting the tide wash over him again and again, and drown him in misery. He knew it wasn’t fair to his team. He knew they relied on him, had trusted him to guide them right. Steve obviously had failed in that aspect, but he still had a responsibility to them, still needed to lead them. He had to try to put himself back together.
He felt ashamed, not only at what had happened, what he’d gotten himself into, but what was happening now, at the fact that he was calling Steve Rogers in the middle of the night.
For the moment, Tony could be content with his apology, with this first step, because it was best for Peter, who had drifted for a moment or two during all of this, but was now becoming alert again, and looking at the newcomer, his father, with wide eyes.
He…he was in love with Tony, he was sure, which was kind of a problem, wasn’t it? Nothing could ever come of it. Hell, Steve didn’t think he’d ever find someone to spend his days with. Peggy had married and built a life for herself, and he couldn’t quite relate with strangers these days, had a few dates here and there, but nothing had come of them. No, Steve’s eye had been turned towards Tony, and he doubted he’d ever be able to turn away. Steve spent his days lusting after his friend’s son, a man 7 years his junior, who had prospects and talent and intelligence far beyond most other people, who Steve could certainly never be with, because the world, because fate wouldn’t allow it.
“It isn’t, but you can believe that if you want,” Steve replied, pulling Tony more firmly against him. His second hand joined the other on the brunet’s back. “Besides, I think I’ve got a solution.”
Steve’s hand slid up Tony’s body, just barely caressed the mess of scars on his chest, and his big long fingers framed his neck, wrapped around it. Tony’s pulse was strong and fast under his fingertips, his skin exceedingly warm, but soft, smooth from the lotions he used so often, trying to smooth away the abrasions of his life. He always smelled so good, so mouthwatering, with warm scents that Steve would gladly drown himself in.
, but his eyes…Tony would recognize those eyes anywhere, could feel them peering into his soul, into his very being.
The doctor insisted he be put on bed rest, and Pepper came over, spent the day at his side, dabbing sweat from his brow and making sure he stayed hydrated. He barely slept.
He knew more than he should about the brunet’s food and drink habits, had picked up a lot during their time together at dinners or big events. For instance, he knew that Tony always set his knife and fork horizontal on the right side of his plate when he was finished eating.
Steve smiled a little. He gathered the scientist into his arms, leaned low over him on the bed. Tony’s breath was heavy in his ears, and his eyes were lidded, face flushed, blissed out, but he had the coherency to wrap his arms around Steve’s shoulders, and the blond fucked him properly then, a handful of thrusts that were the right side of overwhelming, quick and sharp but not hard, until the heat building in his groin tipped over the edge, and then Steve was pumping cum in his fucked-out hole.
He had a choice to make here. He could lay it all out, confess his feelings and start something, something beautiful and dangerous and secret, between the two of them, or he could stay quiet, do the responsible thing and put aside his dreams, his heart’s desire.
“I know,” Steve sighed, a hint of fondness seeping into the exhausted tone of his voice. “But you need to
Tony thought Steve’s baking was special. It wasn’t the best he’d ever had, because he doubted anything would come close to his old nanny Jarvis’s food, but it was plenty good. Tony had to be careful with it; he’d gladly gorge himself on the blond’s desserts every day, but then he’d have to work out more to make up for it, and he hated exercising enough as it was.
. What had he gotten himself into? Why was he like this? Why couldn’t anything just go right for him?
He wasn’t a stranger to headaches. He’d had them most of his life, and a lot of them, but it wasn’t until he got a little older that those annoying little headaches turned into migraines. The migraines didn’t happen too often, maybe one out of every fifteen headaches, but were bad enough to put him out for the count, despite the preventative medication he took. As if his body didn’t punish him enough on the daily.
“Oh, shit, Steve,” the brunet groaned softly, and he shifted his hips a little, arched his body against the blond’s.
It would be nice. It’d be easy, so easy, to just fall into his arms, to let out everything that had been building and building and building. It’d be so easy to put himself in Steve’s hands again, to hope, and
But it was okay, because Steve was coming. He was coming for him, to rescue him, like Tony’d imagined so many times when he was younger, playing pretend, with his little action figures or just daydreaming. He was coming to save him like he’d wished when he was hiding under the staircase in the mansion as a kid, or out in the garden with tears in his eyes, eager to avoid Howard’s ire. Steve was coming to rescue him now, and everything that had happened tonight would disappear from his memory, and everything would be okay.
Luckily, the couch was pretty big, so they didn’t have a problem turning on their sides to cuddle more easily. Thunder was still rumbling overhead, and the power was still out, but neither particularly minded.
They normally didn’t go this far upstate, let alone do something as rustic as apple picking, but Steve was right. Tony wanted to see or do something a little out of the ordinary. He’d been in a little bit of a creative slump lately, struggling with his latest inventions, drafting and erasing and rewriting concepts so many times that they were piling up in the metaphorical recycle bin, so he thought an interruption in his schedule would do the trick, get his brain back on track.
Fuck, he needed that in him, wanted it so bad. He knew it’d be just the thing to push him over the edge, just the extra bit of stimulation he needed to come tumbling down, for the tension to release. It was creeping up in him fast, and the same was said for Steve, because he let out a quick but desperate moan, and couldn’t keep his hands off of Tony anymore, gripped the brunet’s hips to drive him down on his knot.
“Frankly, Colonel, it isn’t up to you,” Ross replied, frowning heavily. “It’s going to happen, either on his terms or mine.”
Steve’s heart felt tight all over again though, squeezed into pulp, and Tony’s eyes turned to look at him, properly, face to face, for the first time.
to make an announcement. We’re going to catch these bastards with or without your help. This has gone on long enough.”
He looked good. Healthy. His eyes were still distant, a little sad, but the smile he gave Steve was genuine, standing beside T’challa and Shuri. He’d obviously made progress, as the monthly emails Shuri sent their little laptop indicated. Steve wished he’d been able to correspond directly with Bucky, to tell him everything that had happened, but he thought it was best to keep his distance, to allow his friend’s treatment to do its work, to heal him.
“Well you’re a little sexy too, if I say so myself,” he said casually, though caressed the soldier’s cheek lovingly, let his eyes show the sincerity of his words. “Sexiest guy in the world.”
His somewhat hard expression softened, and he uncrossed his arms, held out a hand. “Teammates,” he agreed. “And friends.”
“Better you get bigger than not big enough,” Steve settled on. “Your check-ups say you’re doing a little better, and that’s what matters most.”
he couldn’t be happy about, because he hated working for the government, had promised himself that he wouldn’t do it again, but here he was,
“I can live with that,” Tony replied. “As long as you come over sometime this week. I’ve been meaning to show you my latest project.”
. With each passing day of their journey, dodging surveillance cameras and stealing food, and transportation, keeping out of cities and towns as much as possible, the panic only seemed to increase in Steve, to consume him. He was constantly on edge, barely spoke, and when he did, it was in pinched, harsh tones, barking out orders, because everything about the situation was unpleasant. Everything.
gone, kissed off of her lips entirely, and she was sure her hair looked a little wild already, knew there’d be a few knots in her curls by the end of the night.
“Aren’t you gonna take your clothes off too?” Tony asked when he was naked, stretched out bare on the bed.
It had been kind of a long drive to get here, but the weather was good and there wasn’t any urgent business to attend to, so they could take the time, explore the state they called home. Tony, and Steve at this point, had been around the world, had seen and experienced a lot of different things, but New York had a certain charm about it, one that people grew to love. Tony still thought he preferred the West Coast sometimes, but he didn’t foresee himself moving back to Malibu, or to California in general. He was content where they lived now, and would be content at the new facility, when it was finally finished being built.
He tried to take comfort in the feeling of Steve’s body against him, the knowledge that he was still here, that he wasn’t going anywhere, despite the mistakes, and the way they’d argued when all of this started. They argued a lot lately, thanks to stress, and he’d hoped to break the combative streak, but he’d only escalated it thanks to three unfortunate days in his lab.
forgiven Steve, faster than he anticipated. There were moments when he still thought about it all and got angry, or worried, or felt some type of way, but on the whole, he still loved the man, his mate, and didn’t want to part from him ever again. The familiarity had seeped back into their relationship, and honestly, things were almost better now, because they’d both been changed by their experiences, and understood how to find mutual ground, how to talk things out.
That much was true. The longer he was awake, the more aware he was of the exhaustion he felt, the continuation of the fever of Bond Sickness, on top of the pain from, well, birthing a child.
It took less than a second to decide to mess with Steve, and when he lifted his hand to apply fresh paint to his painting, Tony clenched around him, wiggled his hips a little, and took pleasure in the way it disrupted his boyfriend.
“I sure hope so. Ross was pretty pissed about it on the video conference. I don’t know how much longer I can keep him in the dark. You should’ve seen the look he gave me,” Tony sighed.
“I’ve got you, sweetheart, I’ll give it to you so good, fuck, you’re so gorgeous, so damn hot like this, Steve. Do you have any idea
The streets were empty, this late at night. It had rained earlier, and the streetlamps were reflected in the puddles on the asphalt, on the sidewalks, and the air smelled damp and strange. The wind was a little harsh; it was the end of September after all, so Tony stayed tucked into the phone booth as well as he could.
Oh hell yeah, Tony did exactly that, spreading his legs further, reaching down to expose his entrance. His heart beat fast with anticipation, and he clenched and unclenched his muscles a few times, took delight in the way Steve’s eyes settled over him hungrily at the display.
Steve got up on his knees, leaned forward and over Tony, planted his hands on either side of the brunet’s head. “Maybe I like eating you out, tasting your slick,” he replied. He leaned low, mouthed at Tony’s bond mark, inhaled his sweet, deep scent, intensified by his obvious arousal. “You taste so sweet, like sugar.”
He’d be testing his own limits here too, really. Tony was so gorgeous, and his touch, the sounds he made when they fucked were too much to handle on occasion. Tony’s presence set Steve’s skin alight like nothing had since waking up from the ice, and he was sure nothing else would ever come close. The pleasure of fucking into him, splitting him wide around his cock… and Tony was never passive about it either, always tried to take him deeper, harder, and that tight heat would clench around Steve just right, and hell, sometimes Steve wondered how he didn’t lose his mind.
Steve scoffed at that. He turned and braced his hands on either side of Tony’s face, leaned down low. “You can clean yourself up, princess.”
Steve returned then, with a few different items. He was carrying a blanket, bottle of water and a box of Ritz crackers, as well as a warm, damp washcloth and towel and a couple of band-aids. Tony didn’t know how he managed to balance it all, but it was Steve, and he’d always been fucking graceful, so he did it.
“You’re absolutely right though. I didn’t want to go in the first place, dad forced me. All I wanted to do was stay home, work on the upgrades to DUM-E’s circuit board, but I got outvoted. I didn’t want to go, but now I’m glad I did.”
“I think so too,” Steve replied. He took a few steps forward. “I thought I knew what I was doing. After everything with SHIELD, it just…it seemed impossible to put my trust in another organization. And then with Bucky involved, it just kept escalating. I’m sorry I got us all into this mess, I really am, and I know saying all of this doesn’t change anything, but…I really hope we can still be teammates. I hope we can still be
His cock was hard and throbbing beneath him, rubbing against the wet spot already marking the bed, and the room felt a thousand degrees too hot. His head was swimming, and the tight pleasure building in his core was way too tantalizing, just out of reach,
to Howard about it, but Tony wouldn’t let him, always held him back. Steve didn’t care anymore now. This had to stop.
He could feel Rhodey’s eyes on him, sympathetic, concerned, as usual. Tony looked away. He didn’t want to see the pity there, didn’t want to feel it. If he did, his resolve would weaken. He could succumb to the dread settling deep in his bones. He wasn’t going to let his feelings get the better of him. Not this time.
Why was nothing Tony ever did good enough for him? Why couldn’t his father tell him he loved him? It wasn’t fair. Tony wasn’t that bad of a kid. He was smart, and a hard worker, and excelled everywhere he went. He had countless awards already, had been recognized for his efforts in college. Everyone seemed to love him, even if he misbehaved sometimes. So what if he acted out occasionally, or got into trouble at MIT? He was
“Very true,” Steve replied. “And if I hadn’t been so okay with a stranger practically pressed up against me for half an hour without me knowing it, we wouldn’t be here right now,” he joked, adjusting his position so that he was above Tony, boxing him in.
Tony walked towards him, eyes big and said, cheeks blotchy red from crying. He didn’t have enough shame at the moment to stand at a respectable distance, to pretend he was doing better than he felt. He didn’t have the strength to stay away from Steve’s inviting, comfortable presence. He couldn’t do that right now.
Steve sighed softly, rubbed his back. He hated seeing Tony like this, so vulnerable, so hurt. It tore his own heart up every time he’d seen him like this. He deserved only the best, only happiness, but tonight, that seemed entirely out of reach. All Steve could hope to do was offer him comfort.
Tony put his sunglasses back on properly and headed into the water to join them. The water was a little cold at first touch, after being out of it for a while, but Tony ignored it, smiling as he approached the others. The water was up to his shins by the time he made it there, and he shuddered a little as a wave splashed him.
He felt his cock jump, and stripped his clothes quickly, desperate to at least remove it from the terrible confine of his pants. His underwear was practically soaked with pre-cum at this point, and Steve definitely noticed, if the way his eyes raked over Tony’s form were any indication.
He was close, so damn close. Every inch of him felt tensed, anxious for it, ready to jump. Thankfully, Tony was merciful today, didn’t plan on teasing him. He’d done it sometimes, brought him to the edge and stopped, kept him there struggling, aching for it, over and over, until Steve couldn’t take it anymore. Steve had done the same to him too of course, and sometimes they pushed each other, made a competition out of it.
They didn’t do it all the time. It was kind of a special thing really, because Steve could only handle it every so often, and at the end of the day still preferred fucking to being fucked, and Tasha preferred having his cock in her, filling her so damn deep, especially when he got a little rougher, a little possessive, whispered praises in her ear, gripped her tight as he slid in and out of her wet pussy, rubbed her clit until it was sensitive and warm and she clenched around him and—
“Maybe you’d like to announce it yourself,” he replied. “At one of my father’s parties. You’d love to just put me in your lap like this, rip my clothes off, fuck me in front of the crowd, wouldn’t you? Because
He was so close—only two weeks left before his due date, and he already felt miserable. How much more miserable would he feel moving forward now, without Steve’s reassurances, his voice soothing the pain and sickness? How would this affect their baby? Things were already dangerous, could they become even more so? Had their mutual stupidity damned their child? Tony desperately hoped they hadn’t. He couldn’t live with himself if that were the case.
fault in the first place? Could desperation alone repair what they had, because they needed it to? Because Tony needed it to? Would it be enough for the baby? How was Tony supposed to fix all of this?
“On the surface level, maybe, but who follows a recipe to the T? There’s…I don’t know. There’s a lot more to it. You can tell when someone really bakes. It just tastes special.”
Firstly, Tony was in his apartment. He rarely let anyone come here, regardless of who it was. It was his sanctuary, his one place to be himself entirely, without peering eyes or judgment. It was a place for him to learn, to figure himself out, to figure out how to carry the burdens of his life, to find reprieve from a world that still felt foreign and strange and lonely.
Steve may have been stronger, a little more dominant, but that was only because Tony let him be, because he didn’t feel the need to take the reins too often. Now though, he wanted it, wanted Steve under him, calling his name, his knot popping just for him. It brought Tony way too much satisfaction, knowing that no one else could have Steve, in any capacity, that he had staked his claim on this amazing human being. He supposed that feeling was mutual.
Steve’s heart jumped in his chest. Tony was so close now, almost in his arms again, and his beautiful eyes were filled with such hope, such earnest emotion. The sight would be enough to bring anyone to their knees.
it! It took another ten minutes, more pain and more suffering and desperation and struggling, his voice growing hoarse from whimpering and moaning, before he finally made progress, before the end was in sight.
Tony shifted Peter to his side a little to carry him easier, and nodded. “Sounds good to me. Hopefully he’ll be tired out by then. God knows I could use a nap.”
. He thought he’d heard that name before, but couldn’t match it with a sound. He waited patiently as Tony worked with the record player.
“Come here, you,” the blond said, adjusting his jacket and walking to Tony’s side. He slipped an arm around Tony’s waist, lifted his chin.
He didn’t know how to respond to Steve, so he stayed quiet, reached out and brushed the hair from Peter’s eyes.
He hoped he’d be lucky enough to marry Steve Rogers, spend the rest of his life with him, maybe even start a family. There was nothing he’d like more. They hadn’t really discussed it yet, at least not in detail, because Tony did have his career ambitions and Steve was pursuing a career too, but he hoped it’d be something to mention down the line.
“Oh Tony,” he breathed. “I tried to get away, I really did, I’m—they needed me and I couldn’t just drop it all on the spot,” Steve said, crossing the room in seconds. “I’m sorry.”
Natasha got dressed up real nice for it, in her favorite pair of bra and panties, the ones with elegant straps that framed the arc reactor, wrapped around her neck, highlighted the curve of her hips. She was always well dressed (when leaving the house. In her lab or workshop she looked more like a vagrant, her hair a mess and clothes stained with oil or whatever substance she was working with) and that penchant for fashion carried over into the bedroom, when they had time to play around. It always drove Steve that much more wild, seeing her like this. It made him more eager, a little more empty-headed, and she
“Blueberry French Toast,” Rhodey elaborated, voice even. He’d been in the kitchen a while now, taking his time to make the food. His mom had made the best French Toast when he was a kid. She had taught him how to make it, and tons of other recipes, always believed in the importance of being able to feed oneself. It was a lesson Tony never quite learned, no matter how many times Rhodey tried to teach him a recipe, but that was okay. He didn’t mind cooking for his friend. French Toast was one of Rhodey’s favorites and it came in tons of flavors, and it wasn’t an accident that Rhodey went with blueberry this morning.
His cum was warm, sticky, painted her abdomen. It slowly dripped down between them, would definitely stain her black silky clothing, but she didn’t mind. She
Two or so hours later, the pain finally started to recede to a manageable level, and though the team had plans to eat dinner together today, Natasha was kind enough to bring Steve and Tony’s takeout order to them so they could eat alone. The team had lived together long enough now to know each other’s ailments, each other’s routines, and each other’s limits. Tony appreciated that. Despite the occasional arguments, or how he sometimes managed to feel isolated, or left out, he loved moments like this where it was clear that his teammates did care, at least a little.
The blond seemed relaxed, content as they walked along the path towards the orchard. The path was a little muddy; it must have rained a few days ago, and Tony mourned the integrity of his shoes, but he had so many pairs it wouldn’t matter if this pair got mucked up a little. He tried not to let it bother him. Instead he took in the view, remained open-minded.
“You won’t be waiting too long,” Natasha interrupted, stepping out of the throne room. She gestured to a little key card in her hands. “We’ve got a ship.”
Now they were swimming a little more before heading home for the day. Peter would need a nap soon, but for now he was enjoying himself. He seemed to really like the beach, had spent a good hour playing in the sand earlier, building a little sand castle with Tony’s help. They’d put on their water shoes and went to the tide pools about a mile away too, and Peter had been absolutely fascinated by the crabs they found.
“I’d rather you didn’t,” Steve admitted, smiled back. He held up the bouquet of flowers he’d bought, offered them to the brunet. “You deserve a lot more than this, but it’s a start, I hope?”
Tony took the flowers from him, held them gingerly and inspected them. They were a lovely mixture of red and yellow roses—his signature colors. There was a little card sticking out between flowers, labeled ‘
Steve shrugged a little, despite the fact that Tony couldn’t see it. “Nothing going on anymore is safe. No part of our job was
Steve’s hips properly jerked then, chasing the heat, the slick slide of Tony’s mouth. It was sinfully good, always was. Tony had a way of making him feel like he’d never felt before, like every nerve in his body was on fire, was pulled and stretched to its limits and put back together again in a better way, a sweeter way. His attention was singular, intoxicating, even if Steve was as familiar with it now as he was his own body. He’d never get enough of whatever Tony gave him.
Rhodey could sympathize. Nothing about this situation was easy. That was made abundantly clear lately.
Tony agreed. The lake house was a nice balance of it all. It was out of the way, but close enough to their friends and the city that boredom was never an issue. Where they were was exactly right for them these days. The brunet nodded a little. “You said it, honey.”
Tony covered his face with his arm, already a little overwhelmed. “Shut up, you asshole,” he replied indignantly.
Peter’s crying had eased off, but Tony’s had only increased. He squeezed his eyes shut, took heaving breaths, the words pouring out directly from his heart. “I-I should’ve swallowed my pride. I should’ve tried harder for you, and—and I’m so sorry I didn’t! I’m so sorry. You need him, and I do too.”
“What can I say? I was raised right, not like the so-and-so’s these days,” Steve joked, rubbed his back.
But Steve had. He’d picked him up, taken him home and held him as he cried. He comforted him, made him feel safe and sound, tried to help him forget what had happened. They’d kissed, before he fell asleep. Tony remembered that much. He didn’t think he would ever forget. They finally, finally kissed. Steve cared about him, really cared about him, and after six months of dancing around each other, of avoiding the subject of their feelings, they’d finally had a breakthrough, finally admitted it to each other, at least a little bit, if not properly. Fuck, that felt good. At least he had that going for him.
part of him, wanted for it all to end. He was nervous, honestly, to hop into the fray again, for maybe the first time in his life. He was nervous of screwing it up again, and that someone else would get hurt, or something terrible would happen because of him. His team didn’t feel like a team at the moment anymore either. Sam was still angry with him, he knew, and being in close proximity seemed to do nothing to dampen the flames of his anger.
All of this was Steve’s fault. All of it. He already had so many things he could never repay Tony for, and now here was another. God dammit. God
He drew back, rested his elbows on the bar behind him, and slowly shifted in his seat so his legs were spread in invitation. It was subtle enough that no one really noticed, but Steve sure fucking did, and a flash of arousal settled in his groin.
Steve tickled his chin a little to get him to laugh again, smiled at his reaction. “See? Maybe sleep isn’t so bad after all, huh?” he asked.
Unlike the other people in Tony’s life, Steve didn’t mind. He thought it was kind of adorable, really. It never ceased to make him feel warm and light when Tony went on and on, because he was actually pretty funny most of the time, his words carefully chosen (for the most part) despite his long-windedness, and Steve especially loved it on the rare occasions Tony actually got tongue-tied, like whenever Steve kissed him a certain way or lifted him, pressed him against the wall. (Steve had a pretty serious work-out routine especially for that privilege.)
wearing it. He felt small in the best way right now, felt young and stupidly in love, watching the way the light caught on his brand new cufflinks.
He was sort of in the middle at the moment, torn between taking a little more control, fucking Tony’s mouth properly, or letting himself sink further into the bed, letting the brunet’s sucking and teasing carry him over the peak. Tony’s tongue swirled across the head of his cock again and again, slow but insistent, and Steve couldn’t help but let out a whimper, felt that pit in his gut tug at his senses. There were goosebumps rolling up his arms and his nipples were hard, his breath coming out in little gasps at how good it was. He wouldn’t last much longer.
Tony had been expecting it. He knew it was only a matter of time before the Secretary’s team would discover the inconsistency in geo-location between the search algorithm he’d given them and the reality of the unfolding events. The timestamps were clearly different, there was no way around it. Tony had hoped it wouldn’t come to this, had hoped the rogues wouldn’t be spotted, but apparently their luck had run out.
The brunet left behind his work in the kitchen for the moment to search for Steve and Peter. Nothing brought him from feeling mediocre to utterly content as quickly as holding his child did. His fingers were itching to grab a hold of his little boy, to hold him close, to smell him, give him a kiss. He always thought it was weird when people said babies had a particularly pleasant smell, but it was true. Maybe Tony was just biased.
“Maybe we should,” Steve replied, shrugging a little. “I’m sure they’ll appreciate it. I’ve been meaning to give Sam a visit, and you’ve got Rhodey coming over on Sunday.”
Steve laughed a little, pleased with the reaction. He hugged Tony back, closed his eyes and smiled. He’d been worried that he ruined their day, that the gift wouldn’t be enough to make up for it, but evidently it was. “I love you too,” he said. “I’m sorry for being late,” he said again.
They’d been out in town for a walk after breakfast, at Steve’s request(the garden at the Villa was beautiful of course, but Steve thought a change in scenery would do them both good) when the nefarious idea popped up in Tony’s brain.
, home. Sam and Natasha were equally floored by the news he shared, though they had more information to go on than Bucky did.
, and I know some people are a little more accepting of that these days, but it’s still hush hush, and in my day I’ve seen and heard of more than one story where things ended up badly when word got out, and I’d
The irony of that wasn’t lost on him. All the time they were together, it was always him trying to convince Tony to trust, to have faith in what they had. Now, he had to believe that Tony wouldn’t keep pushing him away.
his son, his kind, and intelligent, and beautiful son, who Steve loved more than anything in the world. It drove Steve nuts that he couldn’t protect Tony, that Tony wouldn’t
The blond drew his arm back, and Tony bent down, slowly scooped Peter into his arms, the baby’s head resting on his shoulder. Peter sighed a little, stirred momentarily, but didn’t seem interested in waking up quite yet. He was so warm, and soft, and fit perfectly in Tony’s arms. Tony took a second and let the contentment wash over him, comforted by the weight, the steady heartbeat of his child.
“I… I guess that’s true,” Steve replied with a sigh, but he didn’t seem happy about it. He knew Tony’s situation with Howard wasn’t exactly ideal, in any capacity. Steve didn’t know the extent of the strain on their relationship, but there was always something a little wrong in Tony’s eyes when they were in the same room, and he wasn’t surprised Tony wanted to avoid any kind of altercation tonight.
“I want Steve!” he sobbed, and hated himself for even wishing it, but god did he want him here. It’d be so much easier, he was sure, with Steve at his side, like he was supposed to be. It would all be over by now, if Steve was here, holding him, encouraging him. He could almost imagine it, could imagine the blond’s voice, praising him, supporting him, if he tried hard enough, but it wasn’t good enough, wasn’t the real thing.
His eyes drifted open, took in the familiar room in the medbay, and started searching for his child, for the fruit of his labors.
He loved a sleepy Peter. He loved Peter at all times of the day of course, but when his son was sleepy, and he got quiet and clingy, the urge to keep him close, to protect him only grew. The kid was so damn sweet. He had a temper on him of course, as anyone did, but for the most part, was always well behaved, and just adorable. He really was the best of both of them, Steve thought.
That got Steve to laugh a little, and his smile was dazzling. “That’s the plan,” he replied, sitting up, lightly scratching his fingernails down the inside of Tony’s thighs, already spread wide for him. He tugged Tony’s underwear down, freed his straining cock, dropped the garment over the side of the bed, where Tony had shoved his jeans off the edge.
Tony technically had a meeting to go to today, but that sure as hell wasn’t happening, not when he’d already spent the better part of an hour face down and ass up, Steve’s strong hands keeping him in place, keeping him at his mercy as he ate him out like he was starving for it. He kind of was. Steve loved eating Tony out, did it whenever he could. Tony would tease him about it, accuse him of having an oral fixation, if he didn’t have one himself.
“If they came, if the party got shut down, everyone would hate me, and they’d start talking, and word would get around, and my dad’d hear about it. Fuck no, I…I couldn’t call,” Tony explained, looking down at the ground, and it was true.
Steve didn’t stop his ministrations to give him a verbal response. He simply wrapped his arms around Tony’s thighs, pulled him down the bed a little, let his legs drape over his shoulders. He pulled off of Tony’s cock, let his saliva slide down the shaft, before taking him back in. He let his teeth just slightly graze the brunet’s flesh, and Tony’s hips bucked up then, arousal shooting up his veins.
Tony’s frown didn’t disappear until he caught sight of Steve’s eyes, took in the affection there, the tenderness. The hand not holding his sunglasses settled on Steve’s chest, and he didn’t protest in the slightest (never dreamed of it) when Steve leaned down a little to capture his lips. Tony’s irritation evaporated as quick as it came, the tension bleeding out of his shoulders like it always did when he was in Steve’s arms. He let the kiss go on for a bit, relished it, like he did every kiss.
either. He thought Steve would leave him on the couch where he was. But no, Steve was more of a gentleman than that,
As the years went on, Steve had become a lot less shy about PDA. Tony still remembered the first time they’d held hands in public, how Steve’s face went red, his smile timid but pleased. That was a long way away from where they were now, with the blond physically lifting Tony into his arms like he did on occasion in the house when he was feeling extra happy, or after a mission, when his relief was palpable.
His cock dragged in and out of those smooth, wet walls with force, pressed against Tony’s prostate on each thrust. Steve savored the heat, how tight he was, despite how well they’d stretched him. He was
The softness disappeared a little. He licked at the seam of Tony’s lips, and Tony opened almost automatically, let Steve kiss him harder, more intensely, and fuck it was good. Tony couldn’t help but fall to it, press himself closer against the warmth of Steve’s body, let his fingers glance the blond’s shoulder, and he shifted his hips against Steve’s before he could stop himself, and damn that felt good.
Tony snorted at that. “I will not be telling them that. The last thing we need is a viral video of you punching the snot out of a Board Exec plastered all over social media when they tell you where you can shove your urgent business.”
At least one weight was lifted from his shoulders now, put him in a little better spirits. The food certainly helped too. He still had other weights to contend with though, such as the weight of the phone in his pocket, and the impersonal, quick texts he’d been exchanging with Steve lately. He knew he should be doing more, reaching out more enthusiastically for his health, but it was just hard, to open himself up again. It wasn’t fair that he had to. Sometimes he had half a mind to call the whole thing off, and go back to doing it all alone, but then his baby would stir, flutter his little feet, or shift around within him, and then Tony would remember what it was all for.
“Try not to worry too much,” Steve said eventually, though he himself worried. “We’ll figure it out.”
, and he knew that things were about to change again. They were in the home stretch. They’d come so damn far. Tony and Steve had improved over the last few weeks, and as a result, the Bond Sickness drew back a bit, but now? With this sudden, unpredictable, potentially dangerous situation? Rhodey knew things could turn for the worst. He prayed they wouldn’t.
Tony managed a fraction of a smile. That was good, right? Everything was where it was supposed to be. He was healthy, and adorable, and Tony loved him so much. The doctor had said ‘relatively’ though, which meant there was a ‘but’ incoming, which Tony wasn’t sure he was prepared to hear.
Steve fucked up into him, the drag increasing with each thrust, the slick leaking out around his dick, dripping onto his lap as much as it could, until he was finally locked in, as deep inside his mate as he could be.
Eating helped a little. At least, it settled his body, if not his mind. The scrambled eggs Rhodey made went down easier than he thought they would, with how tense Tony was feeling. He wasn’t looking forward to his check up with Nurse Celene that afternoon. He was sure there wouldn’t be any good news now, and Tony and Rhodey knew it.
Suddenly, he just felt miserable, and sick, his head pounding and stomach twisted into knots, like everything good had been zapped out of him, like only the bad remained. It wasn’t just tonight’s bad that consumed him now, it was every bad moment he’d ever had culminating into one. He shook his head against the memories, gripped the fabric of Steve’s jacket a little tighter.
Tony nodded, as if the blond could see him. “Y-yeah. Know—I know it’s really late—b-but I…” He couldn’t seem to get any more words out. His breath turned shaky again and he squeezed his eyes shut, held the phone tighter. The blood was rushing to his head a little, which didn’t help him focus.
Steve’s voice was a little sleepy, and surprised, but didn’t sound upset, and luckily, was filled with recognition.
“I wouldn’t punch,” Steve protested, resting his head on Tony’s. “I’ll just leave them with a warning, unless they say something about you. Then I’m
It was hard to believe an entire year had passed since they confessed their feelings, since Steve approached him in the kitchen that night and had given him the ultimate gift. He never could’ve foreseen any of this, any of what they had together, the way they grew to know each other, but he was damn glad to have it. They’d become closer than he ever could have anticipated, when they met that day in Germany. Steve became an integral part of his life, and Tony a part of his.
Steve laughed a little, timidly, and kind of shrugged. “Yeah, I kind of was. Nobody believed it because I was so small.”
“Can you be a good boy, keep from touching yourself?” Steve had asked when Tony’s fingers twitched, inches away from grasping himself.
Steve didn’t last long the first time they did it, after being filled with cock for the first time in years, and she ended up fucking him three times that night, until he was open and hot and over-stimulated, and decided that hell yes, he wanted to do it again.
Steve asked, and Tony pressed his forehead against the phone console, flinched a little at the cold temperature. He wished it were Steve standing in front of him instead, wished he could curl up inside the soldier’s voice and disappear.
It wasn’t Steve’s fault, he reminded himself. He was sure the blond wanted to be here just as much as Tony wanted him here, right? If he didn’t want to be here, he wouldn’t have given him updates, wouldn’t have promised he would make it. He would’ve told Tony to his face that he didn’t want any of this, that he wanted to break up. He would have ended it a long time ago, maybe let the brunet down gently, or maybe laughed in his face, cut him with harsh words like when they met. He wouldn’t have kept things up for the sake of keeping them up, wouldn’t have fooled Tony like that.
He started slow, measured in his pace, pressing against Tony’s prostate on each slide in. God, he was so wet, and warm and tight, and the low squelch of slick in their ears only turned Steve on more. When Tony let out a little whimper, and the fingers wrapped around his shoulders dug into them, the Alpha lost some of his composure.
Steve tugged the glass from his hands, set it down on the bar. He crowded Tony, invaded his space in a way that made Steve feel huge, and that Tony, of course,
, Steve,” he groaned, and couldn’t help but let out a breathless moan at the next thrust, because it was
Tony was especially pliant tonight, desperate for it, and Steve loved it. He wanted him, so bad, wanted to claim him, to possess him, body and soul. He would die for Tony, if he had to, but gladly settled for being able to touch him.
about him when he wasn’t there, saying how horrible and selfish and dense he was, that he couldn’t even see that everyone hated him, that they couldn’t actually stand being around him. Maybe—maybe—
He could only eat a bit of his Chinese food, because the motion of chewing only irritated his migraine some more, but he powered through enough to feel full, and eventually,
He meant it in a good way, but it made Tony hesitate, made him question it all again, as he did more often than he liked to admit. It must have shown in his eyes, because Steve continued. “Stopping you in the kitchen that night was one of the best choices I’ve ever made,” he said softly.
Steve couldn’t help but chase Tony’s lips, capture them in a kiss. His fingers settled on the brunet’s hips again, and god, kissing him felt like Heaven, like it always did, and honestly? He didn’t really want to fight this anymore. Tony was offering himself—hell, he’d been sitting
They turned to look at Steve, but he was lost in thought, in misery. His heart felt so heavy he thought it was going to fall to the ground. It hurt. It really did. It hurt like that day so many months ago, when he left in the first place, when he made a decision which haunted him for months to come, would probably always haunt him. His bond mark was screaming, aching: a mockery of the flame-wrought pain shooting up his arms.
The three of them lay there in the shade, entirely at peace, until Peter eventually had enough of napping, was starting to get a little hungry. He let out a yawn and climbed over Tony to pat Steve’s face insistently, whispering (it wasn’t much of a whisper) “Daddy! Daddy!”
Steve couldn’t focus on his painting though, and Tony couldn’t focus on his reading. The pages seemed to fly by in a blur, and he hardly absorbed a word, because every time Steve drew back to dip his brush in oil and sat forward again to place a stroke on the canvas, the massive cock stuffed up Tony’s ass would press against his prostate, and it took all of his brainpower not to let out a moan, or to push back into it. He had a game to win, after all. He was determined to make Steve break first, but goddamn, it was taking longer than he anticipated.
Steve pumped the hand around his cock once, and pushed in a little more. Thanks to his thorough job earlier, there wasn’t much resistance. He slid in almost as easily as if Tony were in heat, groaned as his mate’s smooth, wet channel spread open around him. The heat was intense as always, overwhelmingly good, and the fingers wrapped around Tony’s thigh tightened a little.
Secretary Ross sighed, pinched the bridge of his nose. “Fine,” he replied. He held up an index finger in the direction of the Android. “Vision, you’ve got an hour. At the end of that hour, you’d better be on your way to the crash site.”
“Shh, shh,” Rhodey replied, his brows knit with sympathy. “You don’t. You can do this without him. You’ve come so fucking far, Tones. You don’t need his help or anyone else’s!”
was different. The concept of going back to the past now, of giving up everything he had here, was more of a nightmare than a dream. He suspected that’s why he’d seen it, why the thought was haunting him. He tried to ignore it, had done so successfully earlier when he needed to sleep, and would keep ignoring it now in favor of looking at his boyfriend.
Steve must have sensed that it needed as much now, because he pressed a gentle kiss to Tony’s forehead. “Don’t worry about anything right now,” he muttered. “Just rest up.”
He couldn’t help but smile a little, when he turned his head to look at Tony. Tony smiled back at him, satisfaction in his grin, and Steve leaned over, pulled him closer by the waist. He placed a kiss to the brunet’s throat, grazed it with his teeth, and Tony let out a content little hum, feeling slow and easy.
The blond’s tongue slipped out, licked against the seam of Tony’s lips. Tony noticed he was drooling a little, panting even, and his claws flexed against the sheets, obviously pleased.
He was beautiful. He was amazing.  He was absolutely perfect. He looked so much like Tony, but there was a hint of Steve in him too, and by the stirring in his heart, the deep-rooted instinct to love, to protect, it was clear he belonged to them, was their child. He was everything they had dreamed about so long ago, that they were convinced would never be theirs, and it was incredible. He was so small, and his cheeks were flushed, and he looked so delicate, so precious. Whatever part of Steve didn’t belong to Tony
“Don’t be,” Tony replied. “I mean—I was upset but, I’m not. Anymore. I… Jesus, Steve, I don’t know how I convinced you to fall in love with me,” he said, shaking his head in disbelief.
“You beat the fuckers up. You came to help me. You…told me you loved me,” Tony started. His dark eyes were filled with trepidation, awe, and a little yearning. “Did you mean it?” he asked. He needed to be sure before he moved any closer.
When the knot caught and grew just that little bit more inside, tied them together so completely, Tony shuddered, and couldn’t stop the whimper from crossing his lips, high and tight, that spilled out as he came, painted their chests white with cum. The pleasure was intense, but smooth, rushing through him like cool water, making him dizzy with it.
Tony knew the importance of keeping things on the down low, despite the little risks he took from time to time, like he had tonight when no one was looking, or the time he’d given Steve a handjob under the brunch table, or the time Steve sucked a hickey onto his neck, hidden behind the curtains in the drawing room, just barely under the hem of his turtleneck sweater, or the time Steve—
Sure, he sometimes had get togethers with Peggy and the old Howlies that were still alive, and they were nice, made him happy. He got to see their kids, share stories, learn about them all over again, but he’d missed too much. They’d changed, had grown in his absence, had
Tony squeezed his eyes shut. “I—I was—they started t-touching…they wanted to…” He couldn’t get the words out.
“I want that,” Tony replied, groaning a little. He put his hands on Steve’s shoulders, ground down against the bulge growing in the blond’s jeans, huge and familiar, and hell, he wanted it. He wanted it bad. He wanted to feel it spread him open, fill him up. He wanted to hear Steve moaning in his ear, telling him how good he was, how good he felt, fucking him long and hard, or slow and gentle, or both, every which way, however Steve wanted it, whatever he would give. “Fuck, I want that,” he sighed.
“What kind of Captain America would I be if I drove a European car?” Steve replied, though it was just a joke.
The parking lot was relatively empty; they’d chosen a good day to come here. It didn’t seem like they’d have any trouble picking a good bunch of apples. Tony was glad it wouldn’t be crowded here. He didn’t normally mind a bit of a crowd, but today, he had a lot on his mind, a lot of frustration he wanted to smooth away. He hoped this little trip, picking apples, would help him with that.
Tony shook his head quickly, sitting up straight. “No, it’s not—I want you, I really, really do, but just—a-after last night, I just need a few days to…I need to feel right again. Clean.” Maybe it sounded stupid, but he didn’t care. “I want to feel right when we do it.”
“And her massive collection. She loved music,” he added, voice low. “She used to turn this thing on in the afternoons, whenever she was at home. I…I don’t know. It’s something a little different, and it’s a part of me,” Tony said. His grasp on Steve’s hand tightened a little.
It took a lot of convincing the blond to let Tony handle everything for their anniversary actually, because Steve insisted he wanted to plan their evening, but Tony eventually won the argument. Thank god he had, because if Steve had been in charge, then there would be
All things considered, he liked sitting here, on Steve’s cock, without any fucking. He liked being full, Steve’s weight against his back, his arms coming forward around him to work. It made him feel safe in a weird way. He wondered what it’d be like to sleep like this, full of Steve, with the soldier all around him. He wondered what it’d feel like to be
He didn’t go to his room. No, that would be the first place someone would look for him. He went to Steve’s instead, curled up on one of the two chairs that were out on the balcony adjoining the room. Steve’s room was in a really good spot in the villa. It afforded him a glimpse of their massive garden and the blooming citrus trees below, but also let him see the ocean. Tony watched the waves rolling as he tried to get his body back under control. The moment he was out of Howard’s office, the shaking began, and the tears spilled out. His stomach was in knots and he felt too warm all over, an uncomfortable prickle of fear running down his spine, even now. His arm was sore, and so was his hip, but worst of all, he just felt plain awful, emotionally, and mentally.
When he opened his eyes, he was in a bedroom he’d never seen before, and wasn’t sure he’d ever get the chance to be in.
“I can think of some better things you’ve learned from me,” the brunet countered, and emphasized his point with a slow, wet lick to Steve’s cock. It pulsed in his hand a little, and Steve let out a soft gasp.
“Yeah, you know what else isn’t funny? You teasing me for so goddamn long!” Tony replied, flipping over on the bed. He brushed his disheveled bangs from his face with a sharp puff of air. He shuffled down the bed a little, threw his legs on either side of Steve’s. “Come on, sweetheart. Fuck me for real.”
If they’d already searched the site, and hadn’t found the phone, then maybe they were in the clear. Maybe Ross really didn’t know about their involvement. Then again, there was still the tracking algorithm… Shit, this was scary. He really didn’t want this meeting to end badly.
Steve scoffed, partly in amusement. “Blame Pete. We were playing with Legos and the next thing I knew, he was practically sleeping sitting up. I sat on the couch with him instead, and, well, then
“I said stand up, and come here,” Tony repeated, voice a little firmer. He didn’t say anything else.
“I know,” Steve replied, dropping his leg in favor of brushing a hand down his chest, settling on his abdomen. “You’re so gorgeous, sweetheart, taking so much, just for me.”
Tony’s throat got tight at that, and he couldn’t find words. The fact that he meant so much to Steve, that somehow he was what made the blond’s day, was kind of overwhelming. Suddenly it didn’t matter so much that his father didn’t care much or think highly of him, because Steve did, and his opinion was worth more than anybody’s, and always would be.
Tony was reluctant at first, but allowed himself to be maneuvered. He and Rhodey shared a look—Rhodey understood what he’d intended with the outbursts, and he was intent on finishing this meeting up quickly now. It wouldn’t be the first time they’d talked their way out of a terrible situation. They became old pros at it during their time at MIT.
“Let’s stay out here,” Tony said. He wanted to enjoy the nice weather just a little longer. It was supposed to rain tomorrow, so they wouldn’t be doing much outside.
“We wouldn’t be here at all right now if it weren’t an emergency,” Steve agreed, his eyes flitting to Sam, and then back to T’challa. “We’d never want to give the UN reason to be suspicious, but I—we—don’t have anywhere else to turn.”
Bucky shook his head. “Steve, I can’t thank you enough for what you did for me, but I’m not the one you owe anything. You’ve stuck by my side since we were kids. We’re brothers. But hell, you’ve got a family now. You’ve got a
“Take your clothes off,” Steve said, and there was something in his gaze, maybe a lack of patience now, that managed to shut Tony up.
Tony here, the odds weren’t good. The crash was rough. He still had a headache and a sore neck from the impact. The firefight leading up to it wasn’t much better.
Whenever exhaustion truly overcame him, or his medicine ran out and he was the one who needed attention, despite Tony’s protests, Rhodey was there to take over. Pepper was there too, as often as she could manage between meetings and paperwork, and Happy shed a few tears when he came to visit, took about a thousand blurry photos on his phone. Tony was sure one of the photos would end up as the driver’s screensaver, if he remembered how to change it. At least his visit brought some joy. But the sharp edge of despair unfurled in Tony nonetheless as the hours passed.
Steve took his hand gratefully, brought his other one up to clasp it in thanks. He shook it. “Friends.”
Yes, it was better to keep it all to themselves. After all, he knew Tony belonged to him, and that was good enough. No one else had to know. They were left alone often enough that it didn’t really matter if anyone else knew or not. They could spend plenty time together, unbothered, and additionally, there were always places to hide, if their enthusiasm outweighed their patience.
Tony laughed at that, hid his face against Steve’s shoulder. “If you had said it like that, I would’ve passed out laughing,” he replied.
Tony scoffed. “Yes, I do,” he said, as if it were obvious. He separated Steve’s arms and got close, linked his arms around Steve’s neck. God, Steve was so tall. Tony couldn’t even kiss him like this; he’d need to get on his toes to do it. Steve’s body was a warm brick wall against him, and Tony really wanted his clothes gone, really wanted to get a hand on the blond’s big cock, as he’d wanted for
, give—give me your knot,” Tony said breathlessly, pushing back against Steve’s cock, and his slowly inflating knot.
“Hey—I didn’t have much of a choice. I didn’t wanna get drenched, and I kept waiting and waiting to get a cab but people kept taking them from me, and you were the only one with an umbrella big enough to hide under, and really you were just handed to me on a silver platter. I thought you’d veer off somewhere along the way, but you just kept going the same way I did, and I thought about saying something, but it was easier to just—just..kind of…stay quiet.”
People knew about them, he was sure. More than once someone had hinted at it, retaliation for a diss on Tony’s part, or an empty threat. Tony wasn’t ashamed of course. Who could be, when their partner was Steve? Part of him wanted to flaunt their relationship, to let the whole world know Steve was his. Fuck, he’d let Steve make love to him in front of a whole city, if the blond asked. He also knew their private activities were best left private though, that it was better to keep quiet, or some problems could come around.
Tony tried to believe it. He had to. He squeezed Rhodey’s hand, first in thanks, but then the ceaseless pain crested again, and then he squeezed to retain his sanity, to stay grounded as the pressure intensified, and the urge to push overcame him.
“If I say you deserve me, then you deserve me,” Steve replied matter-of-factly. He pulled Tony’s hand off of his hip, held it gently in his own, looked into his eyes. “I love you, Tony. You make me happy. You make me feel alive, and after so many years in the ice, after losing everything I had, there’s no greater gift you could give me.”
“Get out of my office,” Howard said. “I’ve got a meeting in Austria tomorrow, and a few more things to finish up before travelling. Watch yourself,” he said with a warning index finger. “If I come back to discover any more mistakes of yours, there’ll be hell to pay.”
Jesus, he wanted it. He was so close to getting it too. He was tempted to take matters into his own hands, to take what he wanted already. He envied Steve’s self control honestly. He was obviously raring to go, they both were, but he was just so damn disciplined that he could hold off, postpone the inevitable much longer than some other people. Tony was a little more hedonistic: He wanted what he wanted, and he wanted it
On top of all of this, his heart felt like it was breaking. They’d fucked everything up so badly. It’d been almost a week and they still hadn’t heard from Steve and the others. They were out there somewhere, and Tony couldn’t reach them, and after all this time, after everything that happened, it made him feel so lonely. He needed to talk to Steve, just to hear him, but he was gone, was somewhere across the ocean, and now he was missing the birth of his son. Tony was delivering their baby without his mate at his side. As far as he knew, Steve would never be at his side again.
That was exactly what he did. Steve took his time, started with one finger, just fucked in and out slowly, as if he had all the time in the world. He pulled out, played with and stretched Tony’s rim, hooked a finger into the side and pulled a little, not enough to hurt but enough to take Tony off guard, and then pressed back in until Tony started rocking his hips into it, wanting more, needing more. Steve worked his way up to three fingers, moving so damn slow, the pads of his fingertips occasionally pressing into Tony’s prostate, leaving him flushed and writhing on the bed, his cock straining with the need to cum. It’d already made such a mess, pre-cum dripping from the head and onto his belly.
“That much is clear,” Shuri piped up at her brother’s side, looking them all over. “You look terrible.”
Steve pulled Tony a little closer again. The brunet let his hand slip up Steve’s back, his fingers grasping the soldier’s t-shirt in response.
Tony hated Howard. He wished he would disappear, that he’d drink himself to death in a ditch somewhere. He wished he never had to see his father again, never had to hear his name or smell his favorite kind of alcohol, never had to hear the biting disappointment in his tone as he addressed Tony.  What was worse though, was that he still wanted his dad to be proud of him, to like him. He wanted his dad around, but wanted a better version of his dad, one that he’d never get. Tony was desperate for his approval more than anybody’s, despite all that he’d done, and unfortunately, he didn’t think that feeling would ever go away. It was sick, really, how much he wanted it, how much his father’s shitty behavior had made him dependant on any scrap of praise. Howard had missed or dismissed so many of Tony’s milestones that he was actually grateful to see the man at his graduation ceremony, that all of his rightful disdain had disappeared entirely for those few hours. Tony hated it. He hated everything about it.
Tony had only held him a grand total of twenty seconds or so, and it wasn’t long enough. His hindbrain panicked for a moment, was convinced that the act was malicious, that they were taking Peter from him, stealing him, putting him in danger, but the pain was peaking again, so he couldn’t manage more than a weak growl.
Peter squirmed softly in his arms then, finally waking up. Tony’s heart jumped. He looked so small, so vulnerable, swaddled and cradled in his arms. Tony lifted a hand to adjust his hat. Peter’s tiny face twisted into somewhat of a frown, and he let out a little unpleasant cough, started fussing.
Steve took a breath, stared down into his mug. He tried to figure out what to say. “I just…everything’s so wrong,” he started. “And it’s all my fault. I don’t know where to go from here,” he admitted. “I just…without Tony, I…”
“When did you get back?” Steve asked, voice still a little drowsy. He shifted a little, careful not to disrupt the baby.
Tony hoped he’d been able to step away undetected before any kind of awkwardness ensued, but unfortunately (or fortunately, as it would turn out) Steve stopped mid-step to check out a text on his phone, and Tony bumped face-first into his back.
Tony did as told for once. He took a proper drink of water, coughed a little at the tenderness in his throat, and practically collapsed against the bed again. He waited, eyes shut tight, for Steve to return. The wash cloth did help a bit, thankfully. Steve also took the time to clean out the bucket in the shower and brought it back just in case, though hopefully it wouldn’t be needed again.
Peter’s brows furrowed in confusion, and Tony smiled a little. He continued speaking while Steve scoffed at the compliment, lifted his free hand to scratch at his beard, run a hand through his hair. He didn’t feel handsome at the moment, and was surprised that Tony thought him so when he looked like this, but wasn’t going to argue about it.
“Of course I will,” Rhodey replied, smiling softly. He sat a little straighter, clearly full of pride. “I thought you’d never ask.”
, and it was time they remembered that, like Tony had insisted so long ago. Vision would contact Wanda, explain the situation, and she would be returning to the Compound too. They would all be together, and would have to give their apologies, and then hopefully, they would find a way to work together again.
Tony shuddered, shifted his hips a little on Steve’s lap. He nodded, drew back to tug his t-shirt over his head. He was already feeling warm, a little eager. The way Steve asked the question, almost an order, made something sharp and pleasant flutter within him, made him happy to concede.
Steve kissed him softly then, sweetly, and it left Tony’s heart fluttering, filled him with an easy-going sense of joy that he only ever got from being with Steve. Nothing else could ever come close, he was sure. He loved it, loved that sense of euphoria. He loved how safe and perfect the soldier made him feel, like all of his problems just melted away in his company.
His eyes caught sight of the marks decorating Tony’s arm now. They weren’t there yesterday. Steve’s fingers brushed over them ever so slightly, but Tony still flinched.
That made Steve grin. It still made his heart flutter a little, whenever Tony called him that. He never could’ve imagined years ago when he met Tony that they would fall in love, that they’d share the rest of their lives together, that they would build something together. He was so damn thankful for it.
Steve was watching him with fond eyes and amusement in his smile, and Tony found himself tucking his chin down, his face feeling a little warmer at the look. “I’m doing it again, aren’t I?” he asked.
“Yeah baby,” the scientist muttered in encouragement, let Steve’s tongue slip past his lips a moment or two, kiss him sloppily, the best he could with such a long muzzle.
“I’m serious,” Steve protested, tugging on Tony’s hand a little. “I couldn’t say anything. We’re… I mean, let’s be serious here. You’re way above my paygrade. You’re the heir to a massive fortune, with prospects, incredible intellect, and a bright future. You’re
While Steve's out shopping, Howard hurts Tony, leaving an unfortunate reminder of his authority before he leaves for his business trip. Steve does everything he can to comfort Tony, to make him feel good again. Daddy issues are a hell of a thing, but so is having a kind and wonderful boyfriend.
The brunet laughed at that, and he had to remind himself to be quiet. Steve grinned up at him, all affection, and it made Tony’s heart flutter. “Well, I could go for a nap too,” he said. “The couch is a little too small for the three of us though. You got enough strength to move to the bedroom?”
The coin dropped into the slot, and Tony lifted the receiver to his ear. The operator picked up. Tony sniffled, gave her the number he wanted. He waited there, alone in the dark, for an answer.
He looked into his partner’s eyes, stared at their intense blue, and the tiny specs of green hidden throughout that he’d memorized by now, like he’d memorized the different ways that Steve said his name.
, take me, spread my legs wide and just fuck your cum up into me where it belongs,” he said, voice low, salacious.
“You might want to reconsider our original plan,” he added, looking directly at Tony. “If they’re out there with nowhere to turn, we could get this done real quick.”
Tony’s eyes fluttered closed, and he linked his arms around Steve’s neck, engrossed in the kiss, and then he felt one of Steve’s hands leave his thighs. A few seconds later, he felt the blunt tip of the blond’s cock pressing against his hole, and slowly press in.
The brunet in question could barely think straight, let alone open his mouth and talk right now. Every inch of him was throbbing, overwhelmingly satisfied, and exhausted. He let out a little moan, brought an arm over his eyes as Steve dumped his load, gave a few more thrusts, and slumped against the bed. His cock slid out, and cum dribbled out after it, slid down the back of Tony’s legs.
. Though I could whisper some kind words to your ass if you want me to,” he replied and put on a grin, hoping Steve wouldn’t push the subject any further. “I’ll sing a whole song to it. How’s Yankee Doodle sound?”
, and desperately needed clean up, and fast, but he could hold off on that for a few more minutes if only to take in the brunet’s flushed cheeks, his mussed up hair, and the smile he was unable to keep off of his face. There were few sights better in life than a happy Tony, he thought.
The three of them let that sink in. None of them could think of a better option. They’d forfeited better options a long time ago, had to work with what they had, which at the moment, was practically nothing.
“Fuck,” he sighed, brushed his lips against the soldier’s once more, eager for another kiss, even though he was a little breathless, and his headache was starting to take center stage again. There was something about being with Steve specifically that felt more visceral, more intense and amazing and almost overwhelming, and
, overshadowing any other sense of thought, of being. Last night he felt like he’d seen Tony for the very first time again, felt drawn to him by something he couldn’t describe, something he couldn’t ever deny.  He’d already earned a kiss. He’d be damned if he was too much of a coward to try and earn more, get a little closer. Caution could be blown away with the wind.
Tony’s eyes fluttered the moment Steve’s hand was on him. Just his touch was enough to flip the switch, for him to feel that much more gone, to make his head swim with pleasure.
Tony wanted to show Steve how much he loved him, how thankful he was that they were still together. There weren’t many people who could stand to be around him, especially so intimately, for so long. Excepting Pepper, his longest relationship in the past was about 6 months. Normally people got sick of him after a few weeks. Despite all of the drama, and their differences, Steve was still here.
Sam regarded him a moment, took in his words while Steve waited, his brows pinched up with worry. Part of Sam wanted to keep him waiting for his answer, because it was kind of nice, the last few days, having the Alpha trying to win his approval back, but Steve had suffered enough. They had
The relief was clear in his voice, and although he knew Steve was coming, because Steve wasn’t a liar, wouldn’t have tricked him or left him there, it still made his heart flutter, seemed unbelievable that he was standing here in the middle of the night just for Tony.
Peter shifted a little, made a noise, and Tony brushed a hand across his forehead, swept back the small, fine curls of his bangs. His eyes were fixed on Steve now, as if he were the most interesting thing in the world, and Tony couldn’t bring himself to fault the kid for it. Steve had that affect on people. He’d had it on Tony too, more times than he could count.
“God, you feel good,” Steve groaned between thrusts, his fingers flexing around Tony’s thighs a little, holding him closer, tighter, relishing in his presence, the little moans his fucking drew out of the brunet. Tony was saying his name, breathless and desperate, and it had pleasure rolling so deep through Steve he felt a little lightheaded with it.
“To get some things for you. You just get comfortable, I’ll be right back,” Steve assured him, and disappeared around the corner.
Steve’s free hand reached for his, intertwined their fingers. “You win some, you lose some,” he replied.
“So much to do,” the scientist protested, and let out a sigh. His mouth watered a little, and he tried to will a gag away. “I really need—I need—“ he’d obviously said too much though, his body decided, because the nausea warning bell went off, and he had to immediately peel himself out of Steve’s grasp, lean over the side of the bed, and reach for the bucket.
“Touch yourself for me then, sweetheart, l-let me see you cum,” Steve replied, his words a little rushed, and damn, he wanted Tony to hurry up, to cum first, because he was already so close himself, could feel his balls drawing up tight.
Now, he wasn’t sure that opportunity was available anymore. He wasn’t sure what was happening at the moment at all.
Steve wasn’t an idiot. He knew what Tony wanted, but he had half a mind not to give it to him, at least, not without a lesson. He gripped the brunet by the hips, looked down at him. “You’re such an attention slut,” he chided. He lifted a hand, lightly tugged at the curls on the back of Tony’s neck until his head fell back a little, and his neck was bared. “And a
They’d only been bonded for three months, and although he’d been hesitant about it at first, he knew it was the right decision, in the end. The way he felt at Steve’s side, the way the two of them felt
“Shut up,” Tony said after a second or two, and his voice was wavering a little. “Shut up, and stand up, and come here.”
Sitting in the conference room, both Tony and the Secretary were reminded of their last meeting, where threats were exchanged and neither party left happy. They’d managed to not have a repeat performance over the passing months, thankfully, but neither were particularly excited about the prospect of yet another meeting. Ross barely offered a greeting this time around, said time was of the essence, and led them to the conference room.
. This, being able to hold each other, being able to come together despite the arguing and the tension and all of the stress and danger of their lives, was plenty. Tony really did give the best gifts.
Steve stripped, washed up and got dressed in record time, which was a skill he picked up in basic training. He honestly had it down to a science at this point, after so many mornings being shouted awake by the drill instructor, being given mere minutes to dress and make his bed, lest he be punished with extra sets of push-ups. He was honestly glad those days were over. The skills he learned as a grunt did come in handy though. His hair was still a little wet as he straightened his bowtie, and he brushed it to the best of his ability. Steve hoped Tony wouldn’t hold it against him.
There wasn’t much time for conversation then. Steve’s huge, warm hand running up and down his shaft had Tony reaching his limit far too quick for his own liking. He couldn’t do anything but hold on for dear life and throw his head back as he came all over Steve’s hand, the pleasure running through him like lightning, heady and fast, almost too much.
He’d been pretty successful, managing to stay under the cover of Steve’s umbrella without alerting him to his presence. Steve walked pretty fast though, or maybe his stride was just a lot bigger thanks to his height, so Tony had to try hard to keep up, a bag in each hand and a few water droplets dripping down his head. His hair was pretty wet, and he was damn cold and miserable, but it would only be another block or two before he’d reach the shop where he worked as a mechanic.
“They’ve always been good at recruiting,” Steve sighed, brushed a hand over his face. He idly scratched his beard.
When he woke up, his first thought was that something was wrong. He felt—empty. It was stupid to say and think, but after carrying his baby inside for nine months, the sudden absence was jarring, and it took a second to realize what had happened, where he was. Everything was hazy, and he’d definitely been medicated, but even so he could feel the dull throb between his legs, the ache.
A handful of leaves under Steve’s ankle boots crinkled and crunched as he walked around the car to Tony’s side, stuck the keys in the pocket of his brown leather jacket. “Come on. You said you wanted to get away from the lake house, and you didn’t wanna go to the city. This is a change of scenery,” the blond replied.
They’d had quite a talk in the shower earlier, but hadn’t said much to each other in private since. Clint’s wife had been kind enough to provide them with some dinner, but Tony could hardly eat. The team was exhausted, ate in near silence, and then everyone retreated to their appropriate guest rooms intent on getting rest.
Steve gave him a little smile, barely visible in the dark, and raised a brow. “The power’s out and you’re propositioning me?”
One of Steve’s hands cradled the back of his head, the other wrapped around him, warm and safe, and the juxtaposition of it all, of Steve’s touch versus his father’s, made Tony cry all over again. His breathing went shaky, and fresh tears spilled out.
, who had been so scared of letting Steve get close in the first place, who had been convinced that it’d be more trouble than it was worth.
Tasha had suggested all of this in the first place, a few months after they started dating. They’d had a conversation about sexuality, about her sexual history and then his, and his bisexuality and hers, and the solution planted itself in that genius brain of hers pretty quick, one of many dirty little games she invented for them, that they enjoyed whenever they could.
“You should try to sleep too,” she replied, but stood and stretched, left him to his devices anyway.
But were his hopes in vain? Was he just subjecting himself, his child, to more suffering? Would the knife be twisted in his back
Steve’s bangs were plastered to his forehead with sweat, and his shirt long taken off. He felt a little silly, the first ten or so minutes, being dressed up top but without any pants, but that embarrassment wore off as quickly as it came when Tony got comfortable on his lap, leaned back against his shoulder to kiss him deeply.
Tony was thinking along similar lines. He chewed the inside of his cheek, nodded to Vision, and tried to hope for the best. If this didn’t work, he had to think of something else. He wasn’t sure he could idly sit by if Vision’s little trip didn’t get them anywhere. He needed Steve. Whether he wanted it to be that way or not, he needed Steve. If their search failed, it would be time for brainstorming, maybe for something a little riskier. He hoped it wouldn’t come to that.
He let out a little moan, shifted his hips against the mattress. Of course he was hard already, who wouldn’t be? They’d prepped him before Steve shifted, got all the hard work out of the way so they could just get to it. The problem was, Steve got a little distracted like this, a little possessive, spent time having his way with Tony before fucking him, and Tony had no choice but to stay along for the ride, take what was given to him.
He was getting there now, getting almost too big to fit, and Tony’s rim was stretching around him on each thrust. The brunet’s moans turned high, breathless like they always did at this point, and Steve pushed in one more time, until his hips hit Tony’s ass, and he finally knotted.
Eventually, Tony led him to the sideboard on the back wall opposite of the couch. There was plenty of room there, and when Steve’s eyes fell on what he assumed was his gift, he started to understand.
Tony rolled his eyes fondly, smiled up at him now. “I plan on auctioning you off for a new pair of Gucci loafers,” he joked, deliberately dancing around the subject at hand.
The Tony of MIT was young, wild, and far too brave for his own good, shirked responsibility just as quick as he took it on. Rhodey couldn’t have imagined the young Alpha he befriended would grow to be a compassionate, responsible, and self-sacrificing man, let alone a parent. But Tony had transformed over the years, in more ways than one, to an impressive degree.
It really did. The trunk was thick and a rich brown, with lots of swirling ridges in its bark. The branches fanned out pretty far compared to some of the other trees, and the apples peeking out between leaves looked large and healthy. They’d be perfect.
“You asked for this,” Steve reminded him, using his other hand to lift Tony’s thigh a little higher. He eased back on the bed, so Tony was practically laying on top of him, helplessly pinned on his cock. He managed to sound nonchalant, but his face was flushed red, and his breathing unsteady. “If you had just behaved…” he gave a little thrust, pressed directly against Tony’s prostate.
“Come on, big boy, get to work,” Tony said, and he pulled his legs forward a little, lifted his hips off the bed, tried to get Steve back on track.
Tony nodded a little, taking his words in. The smile left his face for the moment, as he thought about it all, about the world outside of their little bubble, and the problems he’d have to deal with as soon as he left. The fact that he had to leave at all was disheartening. He’d love nothing more than to stay here in Steve’s little apartment forever, hiding.
He didn’t think that was true, of course, but he liked the way Tony whimpered a little when he said it, like he always did. Tony licked his lips and opened his mouth obediently, suddenly perfectly well behaved, unlike he’d been downstairs. Typical.
Ross wasn’t happy with that answer, let out a sharp, annoyed exhale. “You can’t say no forever,” he said, straightening the cuffs of his jacket. “It’s our best option, and I’m not letting it go. After the baby is born, you get a month’s time maximum. After that, I’m
The doctor made a face, shrugged a little. “Continue to offer your support. Having a close-knit pack dynamic will certainly ease the discomfort, but it’s exhausting for all involved. Either Tony can attempt to break his bond entirely, which can take up to two months and isn’t exactly recommended in his current state, or he has to repair his bond, emotionally as well as physically. The more time the baby spends with his parents,
erratic. Rhodey recognized the maneuvers, of course, after flying so many missions himself. The team was definitely pursued, and the pilot, most likely Sam, tried to get the enemy off their tail. They probably got hit, and went down. What happened next, only time would tell.
God, he loved Steve so much. They’d gone on their first date only three days after they met, and that one date was enough to know that he never wanted to be parted from Steve, ever. He sometimes worried, probably for no good reason, that Steve might get sick of him, but it’d been a few years now and he never had. Steve was happy with him, with what they had, and Tony hoped that Steve, like he did, dreamed of making it official.
Steve’s throat felt a little tight. He shut his eyes then, pressed the phone even closer to his ear. “I wish that too. I wish I could be there.”
Steve was fine, he told himself. They were all fine. Why wouldn’t they be fine? They’d lasted this long out there, and from the general state of the world, the Big Thing, the thing Tony had been anticipating for years to come, wasn’t at their doorstep yet, so there was no reason things shouldn’t be fine. They definitely were fine.
“That so, Mr. Stark-Rogers?” Steve asked, shifting his position a little where he was straddling the brunet. The fabric of his swim shorts was a little rough, kind of starchy no doubt from stray grains of sand, but neither were particularly worried about making a mess in the bed. They never were.
It really wasn’t fair that he got double whammied today, especially when he had so many things planned. Steve hadn’t planned on seeing him until dinnertime. His SI meeting was supposed to be a long one, and he planned on running diagnostics on the Quinjet, and doing some repairs on a lot of their gear. All of that would have to wait now, which Steve knew was frustrating the brunet to no end, on top of his pain. The scientist hated leaving tasks unfinished.
“I…I was starting to think you were avoiding me,” Tony admitted, voice muffled from where his face was pressed against Steve’s chest. He squeezed his eyes shut, tried to quell the lump that was forming in his throat.
It was usually in public, unfortunately, that Tony’s brattiness made an appearance, and although Steve would never comment on it out loud, he was almost certain it was a cry for attention, something he’d picked up during childhood. After all, screaming children were hard to ignore, and Tony was so often ignored.
The growl that tore out of his throat was strong enough to hurt. His breathing was sharp and quick, almost made him lightheaded.
His body was bouncing back quicker than the doctors anticipated, so at least he had that going for him. Another day or two and he’d probably be able to walk, be able to start properly taking care of his baby. At least evolution had granted him that one boon. Carriers were made for child-bearing, after all. Although it wasn’t without difficulty, he had survived it, and with time, he’d recover.
“I know. I’ve thought about all of those things too,” he said softly. “That’s why I didn’t say anything either. And plus, retired or not, you’re
“Speaking of the search algorithm,” Ross replied, a bitter grin growing on his face. “There seems to be an issue with it.”
Tony liked Steve a lot. He liked that Steve was older than him too. He liked it a lot, actually. It made Steve seem wiser, more confident, and he was always so set in his ways, took everything in stride, while Tony asked a thousand questions and went back and forth with internal arguments, felt unsure and entirely sure the next second, and was victim to the never-ending storm of emotion and confliction that came with youth. He liked that Steve was steady, smart, and kind, and of course, that he was so
married for almost a month now, actually married for two more, and it still felt unbelievable, felt like the reward for all of the suffering he’d endured his entire life. Every document signed with their hyphenated name was a reaffirmation, a badge of declaration, an honor.
It didn’t take long for their kiss to intensify, and Steve pulled back to suck a hickey against Tony’s neck.
He felt safe, and—and loved, and he was starting to wonder why he’d kept himself from saying anything all this time, why he didn’t want to throw caution to the wind, to just reach out and ask for what he really wanted.
did he like that. His cock jumped where it was trapped against the bed, and he gripped the blanket beneath him a little tighter.
The streets were flooded by raindrops, which was less than ideal, and everyone’s shoes were wet, but luckily Steve had a big umbrella, and the advantage of height, so he didn’t run into too much trouble.
He’d bought this car because it wasn’t too expensive, or too flashy, and although he had pension payments coming in as well as the benefit of a very
His words dropped off, and he felt stupid for even thinking it. He felt even more stupid with the way Steve stiffened up behind him momentarily, like he did every time the subject came up. He should’ve just kept his mouth shut.
They were a pretty good size, had obviously been growing for years. There were tons of apples hanging on the eaves, and some on the ground too; it seemed to be a good year for harvesting, which after all of the misfortune the world had suffered, the changes it had gone through since The Battle, was promising. It meant better days were on the horizon for everyone, or at least, Tony tried to believe that.
“Who’s saying it’s too much for me?” Steve replied, leaning over a little to check the still life. He needed to make sure the color he was mixing was just right.
Tony was certain that he’d never feel lonely enough to end up at a stupid, terrible party ever again.
It wasn’t hard to fake, really. He still hated seeing Ross, hated talking to him. He was sick of all the video conferences, the calls. He was sick of being watched.
bad, wanted to just be able to hold the damn kid in his arms already, see his face, hear him cry, to know that he was okay. He wanted this over with, wanted everything to feel okay for just a second. He wanted… He wanted…
Pain shot up his hand, all the way up to his elbow—he’d forgotten about the burns, which were already starting to heal, but not nearly quick enough. He grit his teeth at the pulsing pain, deep and unpleasant, even for him.
The brunet didn’t feel like he had a choice, really. He wouldn’t be able to rest until he knew. It was really frustrating, actually, because he was relying on Steve all over again, way more readily than he had anticipated. He was concerned, in a way he hadn’t been for months, and that concern only grew. Was Steve ignoring him? Was he simply busy? Or was he in trouble?
he was, or maybe it was something to do with the way he was raised, with the juxtaposition of utter lack of attention from his actual parents and the extreme doting on by his nanny.
“Same time tomorrow?” Tony joked, snaking his hand up Steve’s back, ruffling it through his hair fondly.
It was a voice Tony knew as well as his own, a voice that had calmed him in times of strife, whispered declarations of love, argued with him and broken his heart. It was a voice which nothing could have prepared him for hearing again.
God bless Steve Rogers, and his gorgeous ass, and the hideous, embarrassing suit that brought him to Tony.
The brunet rubbed his temples. “I need to know where the damn phone is, if he has it or not. But it’s so damn old it doesn’t even have GPS.”
Steve ran a hand over his face, swallowed back tears. “I need—I need to talk to Tony,” he reiterated. “Everything else can wait. It has to.”
Tony considered that. He didn’t know if it made him feel any better, really. He couldn’t even talk at the moment.
that Steve was wearing the day Tony met him, and that he’d been wearing during clean up and minor missions the two months after the Battle of New York, was offensive on multiple levels. The colors were absurdly saturated. The general form looked more like an adult onesie with matching boots than a uniform. It made Steve look kind of ridiculous, really, and Tony couldn’t stand it.
He wasn’t sure if seeing Bucky again, after all this time and everything that had happened made him feel better or worse.
Tony let out a sigh of relief, felt overwhelmed all over again, but in a good way for once. He struggled to sit up, to lean over the bed. He wanted to hold him.
“Oh, these?” Tony replied, and batted his lashes comically. He grinned, rested his hands on Steve’s shoulders.
Tony didn’t waste much time from there, wrapping his lips around the head, sinking down on the length, slicking it up with his saliva. Steve let out a long breath, couldn’t help but roll his hips a little at the heat, the wet and soft cavern of the brunet’s mouth, his hands balled into fists at his side.
Eventually the blond managed to say something, but the words turned to mush in Tony’s ears. He felt soft, dazed, and utterly complete, eyes unfocused as they gazed up at the ceiling. “Hmm?” he asked, his skin tingling where Steve’s big hands ran down his side comfortingly.
Tony knew he’d been a blubbering mess last night, a big fucking baby really. He knew how pathetic he’d looked and sounded when Steve picked him up, all because of three assholes at a party he shouldn’t have gone to in the first place. Tony’s stupidity had caused problems for himself once again, and problems for Steve now too, and that made him feel a lot shittier than the alcohol had, and than his headache did now. He didn’t know how Steve had kept it together, how he’d tolerated Tony like that, and all of the drama that came with him.
“Okay, baby, come sit on my lap,” Steve said softly. He was sitting on his bed, back to the headboard. His white cotton shirt was already half unbuttoned—it was hot today—and his jeans were rolled up past his ankles. He looked horribly attractive, as usual, and Tony had no problem following his direction.
Steve bristled, the blue in his eyes dark and stormy. “I don’t care about that!” he replied. “I care about the fact that he’s—“
had the upper hand now, like he always did in bed, and he made good use of it. He ran a hand down Tony’s throat, took in the bulge of his cock visible through it,
Tony considered the question as he settled in the car. “Well I don’t wanna live up here or anything, but it was nice.” The brunet reached in the glove box, traded his sunglasses for his regular glasses. “Cute little business. I can see why they do well.”
“I think you can hold out a little longer, can’t you? Take the time to think about what you’ve done? I haven’t even fucked you yet,” the blond replied, and brushed a thumb against Tony’s rim.
“It’ll have to do,” Rhodey added, nodding at the Secretary. “With Tony so close to the due date, he really shouldn’t be working at all. He needs to focus on his health. We’ve already had close calls, in case you’ve forgotten.”
Steve’s face twisted into a satisfied smile, but it was short-lived. Tony clenching around him felt sinfully good, and now he went lax, and Steve could fuck him deeper. He managed a few more sharp thrusts, until it was too much, and in a matter of seconds, he was following Tony over the edge, fingers pressing bruises into those pretty tanned thighs as his cock pumped him full of cum.
The blond let out a groan as he came, let the bulk of it flood Tony’s mouth, which the brunet dutifully swallowed, but pulled back at the last second, let the last drops of cum land on his face.
Steve didn’t actually intend to fulfill that threat(Tony wasn’t a fan of actually being restrained like that, preferred to imagine it in the safety of his mind), but it didn’t matter, because the implication was enough for Tony. His cheeks went a little pink, and his eyes got darker. The thought of Steve having control over him like that, owning every inch of him, including his pleasure, was too fucking hot.
He brushed his fingertips across his lips, recalled the sensation of Steve’s on his, and couldn’t help but hope for more.
Tony looked up at Steve, took in the sharp, warning glance in his eyes, the slight red on his cheeks. He smirked over the rim of his whiskey glass. He wouldn’t do anything
“Of course I’m mad,” the blond replied, and he was. He was plenty irritated, would be until all of this was over and maybe then some, and he wasn’t going to pretend otherwise. His emotions were multifaceted though, had always been when it came to Tony. “But that doesn’t mean I don’t love you.”
He stood at the head of the table, drummed his fingers on the smooth glass, regarded all of them silently.
Steve didn’t know what to say. His stupidity had not only damned Tony, but their child too? Their baby was suffering, was sick, because of Steve’s mistakes? Because he’d been gone all this time? He’d hurt even him? This small, innocent person, the combination of Steve and Tony, who had grown, lived, in defiance of their distance, of their separation? He’d ruined his child’s life before it even began? He couldn’t take that, couldn’t handle it.
He picked up the pace, bobbed his head a little quicker, until the room was filled with the squelch of his spit slicking up the length, and Tony’s hips couldn’t stay still anymore, thrusting up into the heat, the smooth, wet channel of the soldier’s mouth. His hands came down, settled on Steve’s head, threaded in the golden strands of his hair, a little tight, desperate, but nothing Steve couldn’t handle.
Concern seeped into Steve’s tone then at least, and it loosened a fraction of the tension in Tony’s limbs. He cared. He
“Not that screaming at the trees isn’t a great plan, boys, but we’ve got to come up with something better,” Natasha said, rubbing her temple. Her voice was still a little gravelly from smoke inhalation.
“Give me some time,” Tony insisted when it was clear Rhodey was holding his tongue, though his eyes were dark, angry. His heart was still leaping out of his chest, and he tightened his free hand in a fist to stay calm.
That was fine by Tony. Fuck, he’d take whatever Steve gave him, and do it without complaint. Steve always knew just how far he could push, never seemed to cross Tony’s boundaries, even without asking for them. He loved that. He loved that there was this mutual understanding between them, that they didn’t always need words to communicate. Tony understood that Steve intended on teaching him a lesson tonight, and honestly? He was eager to learn it.
The blond werewolf pitched his hips forward, his cock sliding against Tony’s cheeks, up his tailbone. He was already leaking from the head a little, and his flesh felt hot against the brunet’s skin, and hell did he want it.
“This isn’t about what you want, Tony. Maybe it would be if you’d acted your age tonight,” Steve stated, his words firm. He dragged a hand through Tony’s dark hair.
The blond let out an angry huff, moved to stand up. He’d had enough of this. It wasn’t the first time Howard had laid his hands on Tony, and probably wouldn’t be the last, unless Steve did something about it. He’d offered, so many times, to at least
Maybe it was the silver spoon he was born up his asshole with, or maybe it was because he was absurdly gorgeous and
“You’re all full, huh? Full of me, wet and sloppy and sweet. Does it feel good, Tony? Tell me how good it feels.”
Maybe he was kind of a coward, or a failure, really, for thinking of giving up. He’d chosen this path, after all. He made his bed, and he had to lie in it. But the selfish, the
Tony was definitely ready for it. They’d made sure of that, dumped enough lube in him, got him slick enough, wet enough to take the blond’s monster cock. Steve wasn’t quite ready to give it to him though, didn’t stuff him full of cock like he wanted.
He tried to talk, to get his thoughts in order. He had to talk, had to tell Steve what happened. He didn’t think he could lie, not right now, and he didn’t
“This isn’t particularly uncommon in situations like these, and sometimes the symptoms abate on their own but…With a case as severe as yours, a bond so…
Tony grinned victoriously at him, sat up and turned a little more to get a good look at him. “You up for a repeat sometime?”
“Could’ve gone better too,” Rhodey countered, still frowning. He brushed a protective hand through Tony’s hair; it was as much for the brunet’s comfort as his.
“So how about it?” Tony asked, eyes full of pleading. “Do you want to? Will you?” He thought he knew the answer, but he still had to be sure. After all, the last week or so had been pretty rocky between them, and Tony had been plenty unfair, but maybe Rhodey would forgive him, would still be willing to stick things out with him.
, to let Steve in, at least a little. He couldn’t deny the joy it brought him, the ease, the withdraw of the panic and anxiety that had filled him for so long he’d been more anxiety than man. He was still scared. He was still angry, and he was still hurt, but he was willing to move on from all of that, to
“…As long as you’re doing something, it should be fine. Though I do think you’ll feel better faster if you’re hearing each other’s voices,” Rhodey said.
“Been working on them a while,” Tony joked. “They get a lot of mileage. Good for getting me things I want.”
“Steve,” he moaned, and Steve licked at him more fervently, his saliva dripping between his teeth, slicking up his overheated skin even further.
Tony wasn’t sure he wanted to find out. He worried it’d be more trouble than it was worth. He worried they could get in trouble, or it could turn into a scandal, or something terrible would happen. The whole situation would leave him mortified, and it would turn into a big mess for both of them, he was sure.
wanted, which was namely, Steve in bed. Tony had made that much clear when it took him two hours to get ready for the party, because he thought it was a drag, and Steve refused to fuck him in the extravagant pool at the back of the house.
Tony was deathly still as Steve held his length there in his throat, just held it, like Tony was nothing more than a sleeve, a comfy hole to warm his dick. Tony couldn’t breathe, but he didn’t care to really, and didn’t until his lungs started burning a little, and he felt lightheaded. His eyes rolled back a little, and he squirmed on the bed. Steve didn’t pull out though.
Well, Steve was right. The media could be damned, and so could the rest of the world. Tony was in bed with his mate, stuffed full with a knot, and feeling warm and tired in the best way. He wasn’t going to let any negative thoughts ruin his mood for the moment.
Tony wanted to do something personal, a little special today to mark the occasion. He’d been looking forward to it a while, went over his plans again and again to make sure they were perfect. He’d spent hours in the kitchen today preparing their meal, cleared his schedule entirely. He planned on dinner, dessert, and despite the playful suggestions of his teammates, something a little more wholesome than sexual. He’d been a little nervous about it, initially. Every day he still woke up thinking that Steve would have enough of him, would want to call it quits, but that hadn’t happened yet.
ran deeper and felt better than he had imagined, brought a sense of peace and contentment around that he didn’t know was possible, even if they didn’t always see eye to eye, had just as many arguments as bouts of laughter. He always thought bondmates exaggerated whenever they talked about their connections in the past, in interviews or books or cheesy social media posts, but it was clear there was no exaggeration.
, and he hadn’t, and that made it difficult to properly relate to them like he used to. It made him feel like an outcast more than anything, like he didn’t belong anywhere anymore, and that was a hard feeling to get used to. He spent his days feeling lonely, and restless, like a wandering ghost. Being around Tony? Well, that changed things.
“An emergency?” T’challa prompted. His eyes swept over Steve’s form, how different he looked since the last time they’d seen each other.
All at once his exhaustion seemed to catch up with him. His arms and legs were shaky and sore with lactic acid, his head still swimming a little, the aftershocks of his orgasm thrumming in his veins, and he let himself slide forward to rest against Steve’s chest, ignoring the mess between them in favor of dropping his head on the blond’s shoulder.
Peter started to lose steam pretty quickly after a while, ended up leaning his head against Steve’s shoulder, letting out a yawn as he watched his mother swim around nearby.
The blond stroked his length a little, let the head rest against Tony’s plush lips. Tony couldn’t help but slide his tongue against the head, his mouth watering at the taste of pre-cum, but Steve drew back.
Steve nodded, watched the two of them fondly for a moment. He leaned forward and stole a kiss from his mate, and grabbed their things to bring inside.
He brushed a hand through his hair, and took a sip of his coffee. It was damn good, honestly. It wasn’t what he had at home, but whatever Steve had ordered suited his tastebuds just fine. The first few sips made him feel smooth and easy, even let him forget about his headache a little.
He pulled out the compass he kept on his belt, checked for a heading. They needed to head southward. The others waited silently, and if he didn’t know any better, with bated breath. The journey ahead would be difficult, possibly the most difficult journey they’d ever faced, but it had to be taken. They had to make it to Wakanda.
Steve was just glad their communication efforts were finally starting to pay off a little. He didn’t know what they would have done otherwise. As long as they kept up the talking, and Tony’s stress stayed at a manageable level, most of the danger had passed in terms of his pregnancy, and that was a relief to both, even if things weren’t as they used to be, not by a long shot. The birth itself still presented plenty of danger, plenty of opportunity for misfortune, but they tried not to focus on that. Steve didn’t need his mate to admit it to know that Tony was worried about it. They both were.
Peter looked adorable, standing on the shore, knee-deep in water. He had a little bucket hat on, tied with a strap around his chin to keep the sun out of his eyes, and his swim shirt and shorts were a light blue.
God, it’d be so easy, if they were together, if Steve could just come home. Maybe it wouldn’t be perfect, and there would still be tension between them, things that would take a long time to be put to rest, but at least they could be
“You look like hell,” were the first words out of Bucky’s mouth, and Steve scoffed a little. At least he hadn’t changed too much.
“But you were big already, I’m betting,” Tony said, shifting just a fraction, torn between telling Steve to move or keep still. He didn’t think it’d take long to cum today, after being so thoroughly worked up, and he was itching to touch his cock, to stroke himself, but he was usually pretty sensitive after cumming, and there was something so satisfying about being able to cum from Steve’s cock only, from it rubbing up against his prostate. It gave Tony a sense of pride, made him feel like he belonged to Steve, and Steve always praised him for it, like it was a miracle, instead of a simple body function.
Another contraction wracked his body, and he tried to push with it, like they told him to, but it was so hard to
He remembered the world outside of this apartment though, remembered the reality of the situation, and the reasons he’d waited so long for this moment in the first place, and his face fell a little.
Tony’s long lashes fluttered as his cheeks were painted sticky white, and he could do little more than stare up, dazed, into Steve’s pleased face. His hair was disheveled, bangs sweeping down over his forehead and his blue eyes were deep, intense. The light fixture behind him bathed him in luminescence like a halo, and yeah, that made sense, because Steve was a fucking angel sent down to Tony.
A breeze flew past him, and it left him shuddering, goosebumps raising on his skin even under his sweater.
Steve popped open the bottle, drizzled plenty of lube over Tony’s hole, and more on his cock. He slicked up the length, held himself loosely in a fist. “We’ll see,” he replied. He could still speak in an even voice, but that had just come with practice. He was just as eager as Tony to get to it now, wanted to tumble over the edge again, to feel the brunet clench around him.
He didn’t have to wait all too long for Steve to come back, but he couldn’t help but feel like a burden, feel stupid all over again for all that had happened tonight. The reality of the situation was dawning on him, and the fear, the regret set in, only made more turbulent by the waterfall of drinks he’d consumed today. It wasn’t uncommon for him to spend a few nights away from home (he was 19 now after all), and he’d only been gone tonight, would probably head home tomorrow morning or afternoon or whenever Steve decided to kick him out, but he’d have to come up with a cover story for all of this, and that worried him.
Tony smiled, pressed a kiss to Steve’s muzzle, and relaxed into the bed, enjoyed the sensation of being filled, like he always did.
“Steve,” Tony whined softly, thrusting forward a little on his lap. “Fuck me, please, I want your cock.”
, and he was starting to wonder if it was worth it, if he could keep doing this. Why should he, if every decision, every good intention, every good deed was punished? Why should he keep trying? He was exhausted. He just was. He felt like he was constantly fighting a losing battle, and despite Steve’s insistence that they
Still, his heart was beating kind of erratically, and as the hours passed, and Steve’s initial sketch turned into something concrete on the canvas, Tony’s willpower was kind of slipping. He knew Steve was in the same boat though, heard it in his voice whenever they talked, saw it in the shake of his hands around his brush.
“Hey, you see him, honey? That’s your daddy,” Tony explained softly. “He’s handsome, isn’t he? Your momma knows how to pick them.”
The name ‘labor’ truly felt appropriate. It was hard work, extremely hard, and never seemed to finish.
“Have I learned my lesson?” he asked, voice rough, huskier, from the delicious abuse his throat had suffered. “Gee, I don’t know Steve! I was kind of too busy trying not to pass out to absorb anything,” he said dramatically. “If you wanted to choke me to death, you should’ve done it immediately, instead of leaving me with a year-long hard on.”
“I’m serious,” the soldier said. He paused a second, stroked the palm of his boyfriend’s hand with his thumb. “I’ll do it. Besides, I think it’s time…” he fished in his pocket with his free hand for a second, pulled out the small black jewelry box. “Time for your present.”
He told himself it wouldn’t be much longer. After all, Steve had texted him half an hour ago saying so. Of course if it were up to Tony, Steve wouldn’t have been gone in the first place. He had Fury to blame for that. He had Fury to blame for a lot of things, really, but right now, this took precedence. He’d asked for Steve and Natasha’s help on a, quote, “short mission,” promised it wouldn’t take more than a few hours.
. If he had just waited, just a little longer. If Steve had gotten here sooner, been able to call sooner…
Pepper beamed at him, affection clear in her eyes. “He is,” she agreed. “You did an amazing job, Tony. I’m so proud of you, and so is Rhodey.”
“That’s useless,” Nat replied, shaking her head. “They saw where we landed—they’ll have picked the area apart by now. Let’s hope everything melted. We really don’t want anything falling into the UN’s hands.”
Tony’s ministrations served to make Steve more empty-headed, let him focus on the here and now, just the two of them. He’d never tire of the intimacy, of the pleasure of just existing together. He knew it was only a few more days of this bliss, and then they’d return to real life, but he intended to make the most of this dream while it lasted.
“Maybe,” Steve replied, and Tony could feel the blond’s eyes on him, soft, kind, like they often were.
—but there were things he wanted to forget instead now, troubles that outweighed his silly little crush, his pining plight. There were things he hoped the alcohol he’d drunk would dull, would turn fuzzy and faded in the background of his mind. There were things he hoped Steve could help him forget.
The soldier let out a sharp exhale, took in Tony’s pleading eyes. Tony was right, he knew. They would end up with a lot more trouble than they could easily handle if he went against Howard, and things might of ended up being
him again. He didn’t deserve to see him, he knew, with all of the mistakes he’d made, but that didn’t stop him from wishing anyway.
“Turn around and lay on your back like I fuckin’ told you to,” Steve replied, and tugged loose his own tie. It was getting kind of warm in the room, hot really.
She leaned down, gave him a quick, open-mouthed kiss before drawing back again. “You’ve got it, honey,” she said, and slid off of him, fit herself between his legs, and after a few moments, she was finally,
Every touch, every little encouragement from her had him rising up that peak, the pleasure ebbing and flowing, until he needed more, couldn’t stand this pace anymore.
This was the one time were Sam didn’t try to calm the blond down. He had half a mind to join the Alpha in his little tantrum. They’d lost everything—all of their money, the belongings they’d collected, as well as the laptop full of Hydra records.
Steve thought for the millionth time, tearing up clumps of grass around him where he sat on the ground.
. He was probably angry at all of them, not just Steve. But perhaps Steve could call on his generosity once more, not for himself, because he knew he didn’t deserve it anymore, but for Wanda, who still had a life ahead of her, and deserved more than running around as a fugitive. Maybe Tony could offer that grace, like he had offered so much in the past.
They were engraved in a way that looked exactly like Steve’s shield, the carved ridges mimicking the appropriate amount of rings and the star in the center. They were insanely beautiful, and expensive he knew, (not that it mattered) and the implications…Steve wanted Tony wearing his symbol, his emblem. He wouldn’t do something like this, have a gift like this made unless he meant it, unless he really loved Tony, and wanted to stay with him another year, maybe much, much longer.
