As the years went by life changed a lot for the Winchesters and their family. Eileen had kept herself true to her word and had finished up hunting. Sam and her had married soon after and moved away from the bunker.
Jack pointed towards a road where the Impala suddenly appeared, after a small drive they arrived at what seemed to be Harvelle’s roadhouse. Inside was everybody that they had lost along the way, Bobby, Jo, Ellen, Ash, Charlie, Kevin everyone…
“Bold of you to assume that I would want either of you here. Dean, I have nothing against you. Your angel is the one who woke me up, not you. His presence here already bothers me because I had a feeling that you, your brother or your son would show up to ruin my peace. So I have a proposal for you and no it doesn’t involve either of you sacrificing your life.”
Taking one of the shot glasses from Dean, Castiel raised it. “It’s a bit more terrifying in space with these kinds of stakes, but you’re right.”
Dean could see the little flush creeping up out of Castiel’s cravat again, at that. Oh, how he wanted to reach out and touch it, let the pads of his fingers trail up Castiel’s neck and below his jaw, press his lips to the—
No matter what ill times befell a man, Dean thought, he should never be parted from his beloved steed.
“Shut up, you judgmental asshole!” Castiel yelled. “Unless you can tell me where the stop tap is, get out of here!”
Dean became more and more aware of the fabric of his boxers shifting over his cock, a soft throbbing making itself known as his body reacted more and more to the gorgeous, hot merman above him.
“For the ship—if we’re supposed to fix the thing, we’d feasibly need to look at those, right? And they’ll probably show wherever in the Nest the Officers are stashed.”
Castiel trickled some of the vitamin E oil directly onto the swell of Dean’s ass, earning him a jerk and a hiss. Castiel smiled. “It might sting a little, but it’ll make it feel better many times faster, I promise.”
“I’m sorry you can’t see my true form,” Castiel said, one hand sliding up to trail a finger down the side of Dean’s face, cautious, testing new waters. “Other than my wings, I suppose.”
There was a clunk, and then a rattle, and then Dean gave an unmanly screech, withdrawing swiftly—but not swiftly enough.
There was a double entendre in there somewhere, Castiel knew, and he was fairly sure that Dean was making it, but he ignored him in favor of concentrating on his grouting. He really wanted to get it right. Okay, so maybe it was a little ridiculous that he cared a lot more about impressing Dean than he did about the actual tiles—but after their rocky and embarrassing start, Castiel desperately wanted Dean to think he was capable of
Pro of waking up in the top bunk: it was dark, the glow from the computer screen that dominated the other wall of the dormitory mostly illuminating the lower bunk and leaving Dean in his little claustrophobic—but dim—cave above. Con of waking up in the top bunk: he was in the top bunk and he had to get down somehow. Initially, Dean wasn’t quite sure what had woken him up. He hadn’t had a hangover this severe since he’d gotten into Uncle Bobby’s homemade gin stores as a fifteen-year-old, and Dean was usually an
None of the playrooms at Impact were large, but they came with an assortment of clean, well-maintained equipment, all with well-tested panic buttons, and a freshly made up, full-sized bed. When they’d arrived, Balthazar had given Castiel a quick tour, and he was pretty impressed with the set-up. It was by no means luxurious, but if Castiel was looking for chocolates on the pillows and lumpy towel swans, he’d have spent the night at the Hilton up the street.
“Oh, shut up,” Dean grumbled, tempted to grab a pillow from the other end of the couch and whack him with it. “Tell you what...our first date. Tomorrow evening. We’ll go get dinner at that nice Italian place down by Sam’s office, then go for a walk in the park to work off the extra parmesan. Can’t get much easier and more romance-y than that.”
Carefully, Castiel wiped the dust away from Dean’s eyes so that he could open them, his spare hand curled around the side of Dean’s face to keep it steady. The black soot transferred to Castiel’s fingers. Once Castiel was done swiping the cloth gently across Dean’s eyelids, he said, “There you go. Should be able to open them without getting dust in your eyes.”
Sam had helped him carry Castiel out to the Impala. He lay against one window, now, slumped down in his trench coat, a blanket from the trunk thrown over him and another bundled up against the glass like a pillow. Eileen sat next to him. She didn’t know Castiel like they did, but even so, her concerned gaze kept moving across to him—Dean could see it, in Baby’s rear-view mirror.
Castiel raised a sardonic eyebrow, but Dean could still detect a tiny smile. He held back from explaining how otters were playful, cuddly, super family-focused, and held hands when they were sleeping. If Dean wished he could be an otter on occasion, that was no one’s business.
There wasn’t a ton of space, but Dean plopped onto the neck portion of the coat and stretched his legs out in front of himself. He put the paper bag from Blackbird’s between them and looked over at Castiel.
(One final note, if you enjoyed this fic and you're looking for more with similar tropes, and by some miracle you have not read it, I must recommend
“Cas, please,” he said, giving Dean an uncertain smile as he hurriedly cleaned himself. “And you’re Officer Winchester, yes? I’d salute and stuff, but, uh—” He raised a damp hand half-heartedly toward his slimy hair. “—I’m a little underdressed.”
Dean cursed the condom—wholly necessary, of course, but he wanted nothing more than to taste the watery tang of precum on his tongue, instead of the slightly greasy taste of a Trojan Magnum XL.
Sam and Jess were already at the bottom of the stairs, ready to welcome their guests as they entered. Dean joined them, standing at the front of the line and spending the next thirty minutes bowing and exchanging pleasantries with every nobleman in the region—and lots of their eligible daughters, much to Dean’s chagrin. He gave Jess a small glance from the side of his eye—she was smiling serenely, as she often did, but Dean had known her for enough years to see the mischief about her.
Dean thought that sounded uncomfortably like the special treatment and “sticking out like a sore thumb” he’d been so determined to avoid, but with Bobby and Jo’s eager faces still in the back of his mind, he swallowed his pride and nodded slowly. “Alright.”
Castiel smiled, looking down at the chubby rodent as it nuzzled lazily against his tie .”Oh, she’s mine. I don’t have any children. I live alone, so Meg is valuable company.”
“Jesus, Sam—” Dean shook his head sharply. Did this have to be so hard? Fuck’s sake. “No, not fins. Not a
Dean placed his paper coffee cup down on the hood and paused to reroll his sleeves before looking back at Jo. “Alright. I’ll bite. What’ve you been thinking?”
The powerpack was barely as large as the last joint of Dean’s thumb, and it was easy to roll between his fingers and deactivate. MEG disappeared with a grumpy
Rattling around in the locker, Dean picked through the remnants of the belongings of whichever poor, sleeping sap had occupied the dorm before them. They looked like a right dull bastard, Dean decided, but there was a red plaid shirt that was better than his baggy white scrub top, at least.
“Deep breaths,” Dean reminded Castiel, before giving him a pat on the butt and shoving him toward the kitchen.
“Have you taken some Benadryl?” Castiel asked, his worry evident. “Maybe you should get into bed and relax, maybe have some warm soup or take a nap.”
Tempted, and seeing no one else reaching for it, Castiel decided to help himself to the last slice of the delicious-looking, clearly homemade pastry. It was a traditional apple pie with a touch of cinnamon, and the smell of it made Castiel’s mouth water in comparison to the rubbery chicken and green bean casserole he’d begrudgingly chewed through earlier.
“If you say any version of ‘research your kinda-boyfriend’s mating habits,’ then this conversation is done.”
And they had. From nipple clamps requested by Dean to inverted suspension asked for by Castiel, they had all kinds of scenarios to play around with in the future.
Dean cleared his throat and offered the second dry towel he held to Castiel. “And also, not exactly.”
Shivering and snotty, Castiel slinked his way up the stairs and flopped down onto the bed. He didn’t even bother getting undressed, just kicked off his shoes and crawled under the covers how he was.
He was going to be a little late, but everyone was probably used to that; he’d been making the same rushing journey from Charming Acres ever since he’d moved to the town. Dean had the whole thing down to a fine art by now. He packed his bag the night before, loaded everything up in Baby, and made sure he took a really good shower that morning, to minimize the amount of prep he’d have to do when he got to Impact.
Swallowing harshly, Dean managed to quickly shove the feather inside the front of his jacket as the waitress came back.
Holy shit, this hadn’t been what Dean had planned for the evening, but Cas sounded so fucking sexy like that…
have appeared self-conscious on just about anyone else. “There’s a chance you were actually paying attention to what I was doing and saying, rather than just waiting for me to take my shirt off.”
MEG, then check out the map, find Gabriel’s transmission, follow his instructions, save the Saranton. Peachy.
Softening, Dean couldn’t resist her excitement. “I wouldn’t stop you, of course. Though I think you just want to parade me around in front of the local ladies in my uniform,” he said with a quick wink.
Dean grinned in response, wrapping Castiel up close to him. “It sure isn’t,” he agreed, sounding content.
Dean tried to keep his eyes on the road, but they kept slipping up to the mirror, resting on Castiel. One of his hands hung out beneath the blanket, dangling next to his leg. Dean could barely tear his eyes from it—sometimes, it would twitch, and Castiel’s fist would clench, like he was in pain.
It might have sounded encouraging on a sitcom, or from a loving, supportive clan. But in the Shurley family, what they meant was,
“This won’t do. Come, bring your chair around and sit beside me. It’ll be more comfortable for us both.”
Stepping closer still, Dean’s eyes flicked down to Castiel’s lips, wanting and obvious. They were practically touching all along their bodies, one of Dean’s boots between Castiel’s where he was slightly angled toward the table, the silk of Castiel’s shirt agonizingly close to brushing against Dean’s bare chest.
Castiel sucked in a deep, shuddering breath as he popped off Dean’s softening cock and nestled his nose into Dean’s groin, as if he was committing to memory the musk of him before he was done.
But then, what did he really have to go back for, other than to search for another opportunity to do this all again?
Dean’s flashlight shook a little; he readjusted his grip, dismissing his nerves.  He didn’t want to go ass-over-teakettle down the remaining fourteen feet, or so, of the carved cliff steps.
Dean’s fingers tightened around the steering wheel once more and he set his jaw determinedly; this wasn’t about him.
Castiel blinked sluggishly, his eyes flicking slowly back and forth from the mug to Dean, as if considering.
“Yeah,” Sam said, sounding apprehensive. “The dude was a shitty shot, nothing hit me. Not so sure the same can be said for the mermaid, though.”
Castiel blushed anyway. “Okay,” he signed then, smiling softly. “Real things. The thing I’m most afraid of is… not being selfish, I suppose. You were right, I’ve spent my whole life doing things for my family. And I don’t regret that, except that I’ve…I’ve never had anything just for me. I’ve devoted myself to helping other people, to being a good teacher and a dutiful son. I’m proud of those things. But I want that, sometimes. Something that’s just for me. And I’m afraid I won’t be brave enough to abandon my duty and grab it.”
Dean jumped out of Baby swiftly. He strode toward the house, searching on his car key loop for his front door key as he waved Castiel out of the Impala.
That voice…it was familiar, almost. But in the darkness of the corridor that Dean pulled them into, he didn’t have a hope of sizing up its owner.
Gabriel was wearing a really garish shirt, and Dean had to focus to make sure he was paying attention to the movement of his hands and not the swirly, neon patterning going on behind them.
“Wha—” Castiel couldn’t argue any more, his mouth occupied as Claire jabbed the old-fashioned thermometer forward.
Back downstairs, Castiel began to make his way slowly through each of the rooms, really looking around. The kitchen, he decided, needed a lot of TLC, but it was certainly salvageable. It had some gorgeous original features, including an honest-to-goodness cast iron heater that worked as a stove and, Castiel suspected, to heat the downstairs of the house. There was also a deep butler sink with a tall, curved brass tap that would look great polished up, he decided. The living room was bleaker; the fireplace had a birds nest in it, and the corners contained a disturbing number of long-deceased field mice, who obviously used the farm as a shelter from the fields beyond over the winter. There was a couch, mustard yellow and very seventies-looking, that was wrapped in plastic against one wall, and that was about it. Well, other than the painting.
Castiel’s arm was like stone beneath Dean’s hand, tight and solid, but the curl of Dean’s fingers over the sleeve of his trench coat did at least quieten him.
Grunting beneath Castiel, Dean’s spare hand tugged at his cock with increasing enthusiasm, his hips bucking up into Castiel’s pelvis. Even as Castiel’s rapidly softening cock slipped out from Dean and he hastily replaced it with two fingers, rubbing quickly at Dean’s prostate with well-practiced pressure, Dean was already coming.
In some ways, Castiel was far too awkward and dull—an accountant who’d grown up in a house without a single TV, come on—and in other ways he was too intense, too blunt, knew far-too-precisely what he wanted. People didn’t like it and didn’t often want to give it to him.
Grinning, Dean nuzzled in further, pressing his nose up under Castiel’s chin. “I think it would take a lot more than a destroyed kitchen to make me give up on us after it took us so long to get here. Though, if it was the kitchen of Trick or Sweet, I’d think about it.”
At the same time as Sam trailed off, his forehead smoothing with realization, Dean’s brain jumped to the same conclusion.
“I just need to get the farm fixed up and converted, and I’ll be back,” Castiel reminded them. “And you can visit, you know.”
Dean was nervous. Cas had forgiven him for snapping and storming out of the café, without so much as ever bringing it up again since. Not once, during all of their lessons and even a couple of hasty lunches. Dean was grateful for that—he knew he could be difficult sometimes, not great at sharing much of himself with other people. He was much better at showing a front—confident, sometimes cocky, flirty, and fun. He never
“What are we going to do with her when we’ve unwrapped her and got the amulet free?” Sam asked quietly as they shuffled back along the corridor, trying not to jostle the corpse too much.
Dean settled his face down into the pillow, tucking his arms underneath it so that he was stretched out on the mattress. He was red from the backs of his knees up to the bottom of his kidneys; Castiel hadn’t struck him that high or that low, but the warm spread of the impact always travelled out farther than the actual hits. There were some dark spots, already blueing and bruising, that would leave marks—as Dean had said he wanted.
watching Castiel’s foot jerk along with it against the stool the whole time, and then took a little bow to his non-existent audience.
“That was not on the medical form.” Castiel glared teasingly, before shaking his head. “Honestly, Dean, I told you before…I’m boring. Even my wildest things, you’d probably just laugh at.”
Once Baby was firmly locked, Dean moved around the front of the car, smoothing out his dark gray slacks, and offered his hand out toward Castiel.
of chanting—later, Dean was certain he was as purified as he could get. Mer magic, it turned out, was pretty dependent on any human attempting it being…well, salty and pure. Dean wasn’t a fan. It was like he was trying to
“The cottage is looking good with you as its resident,” Dean commented as Castiel reappeared, his brown coat dripping heavily and his hat drooping slightly.
Castiel was quiet for a moment, and Dean didn’t push. But eventually, before the silence stretched on too long, Castiel said, “Yes, it is hot. The situation is very, uh…”
“Alright, alright,” Dean grumbled. “You can put the heart eyes away, you ass. I’m trying, don’t make a big deal of it.”
“You’re such an asshole,” he said after a minute, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. If he sounded more flustered than he was proud of, well, fuck it. It was Castiel’s fault anyway. Stupid Castiel.
Castiel’s lips thinned only fractionally, but his expression clearly stated that he thought Dean knew perfectly well that
His hands roaming his own form beneath his jacket, checking the essentials (gun, angel blade, knife), Dean set his expression once again, focused. He was going to get through this bitch of a day, and then he was going to make sure that Castiel never, ever had to doubt him again.
Trailing his mouth from Castiel’s flushed lips across his cheek to his ear, Dean simultaneously slid his hand across the front of Castiel’s thigh and over, dipping down between his legs and pushing up to cup him in hand. “Yeah?” Dean questioned, his own shaking breaths hitting his face from the curve of Castiel’s ear.
“You wanna spend the evening hanging out with me?” Dean asked, delighting at the pink color he spotted at Castiel’s neck.
“We are not doing this, Sam. I called you to ask what nerds like you bring to things like this, not for a heartwarming brotherly sharing session.”
Dean reached out to take his beer from Castiel, peeling away from the door. He nodded slowly, taking a few more steps into the room. He lowered himself down to sit on the arm of the couch, resting his forearms from his knees before he quietly answered, “Yeah. Bobby, and Rufus, and the whole team helped, but…I built it for Lisa, before she died.”
“What’s going on?” Castiel asked Joshua, an older guy who’d worked in the same position over in accounts for longer than Castiel had been with the company. He stood right at the edge of the rowdy group, near the sidewalk, worrying the handle of his briefcase between his fingers.
For a moment Castiel didn’t move, just gazing back at Dean. But then his face softened, falling into a shy, soft, little smile. The expression was totally at odds with the way that Dean usually saw Castiel: self-assured, in control, almost intimidating. This, Dean realized, was a whole other part of Castiel that simmered beneath the surface, a part that he was being allowed to see—perhaps he’d been allowed to see for a while, if he thought about it.
Dean’s eyes rested on Castiel, and he waited. Castiel couldn’t see them, focused on the swishing white bubbles in his brown bottle as he slowly spun it between his palms, but he could feel them, and he knew their green so well by then he knew exactly how they would look.
Lifting his hips again, Castiel laughed, the vibration of it travelling through his body and into Dean’s hands. He looked down at Dean, carefully saying, “They’re lucky.”
Back when Castiel had first written to Dean while he was out in Spain, before his long journey chasing Napoleon up through France when he’d thought that he might have to return home sooner rather than later, Sam had written to Dean and let him know that Castiel’s horse was to be sold off along with all the other property and chattel of the Shurley estate down in Devonshire.
pants belted firmly around his waist, Dean neatened his tie and lowered himself into his desk chair once more. He’d been working for Sandover Inc. for almost twelve years now and Adler had been his boss for over half of that time. If he was honest with himself, Dean knew that he would have quit long ago if Adler’s own boss—a slimy cretin who was
What if Castiel got his hopes up about getting an amulet, and then Dean couldn’t get him one? What if Castiel didn’t want Dean to have his scales, and they had to go back to the drawing board again? Something in Dean had recoiled and cringed as he’d remembered the first scales he’d taken from Castiel; how
Applied Engineering was one of Dean’s favorite core classes, and one of the ones he was best at. Sitting with Castiel typing away by his side, the warmth of his knee just catching Dean’s thigh, and knowing that he had a fugly gold surprise for him parked around the corner, kept Dean on a low simmer of happiness.
in Sam’s smile that the irrational, pre-Mia part of Dean kinda wanted to punch it right off of his face. Really make his hair fly.
Luckily, the general heat disguised any other reasons—like nerves or apprehension—that Dean might have for being a bit sweaty.
Dean had nothing against prostitution. What people did with their own bodies, as long as it was willing, was absolutely none of his business. But even moments into their acquaintance, Dean could tell that the merman had zero desire to be here.
Reaching out, Dean ran his hand along the slimy wall. Just the touch of it against his palm made him desperately want a shower. Or one of those bubble baths, where he could scrub. His fingers found the plastic plate on the wall and flipped on the light.
and Castiel was barely thinking as he strode forward after him, slamming his palm down onto the doorframe.
Secondly: Where was I?! This is a reasonable question, and I can really only apologize for the delay. I had some medical issues these last couple of weeks in the shape of a handful of very painful kidney stones. If the pain of the stones themselves wasn't bad enough, the four different kinds of medicine I was given didn't treat me especially well and I was nauseous and woozy for much of it. I feel terrible for all the fandom things (and friends, and work) that I neglected, but my focus was utterly shot to pieces. Thank you so much for understanding!
Phone in hand, Charlie hit the voice-to-text button, her lips moving quickly before she turned the screen to show Dean. They were headed out the door, and Dean stepped aside to let her lock it while he read.
“What are you doing out here in the middle of the night? I wasn’t expecting you for several more days—not that I’m complaining.”
Every Saturday, Dean met Castiel at Blackbird’s Espresso in Topeka. Not to brag, but he thought he might be getting the hang of this sign thing—or at least Castiel dissolved into badly hidden chuckles at his efforts somewhat less regularly. This past Saturday, Dean had managed to hold down a whole conversation without relying on lip reading at all.
“Yeah.” Dean let out a puff of air, shrugging. “Wasn’t even sure you were real, so…don’t really know what to offer you in return, or anything.”
“Is this okay?” Dean asked, his throat feeling sticky and husky, like he’d just woken from a long sleep. “You’ve never done this,” he added, trying to be clear about what he was asking, even if his body was dissolving into pyrotechnics beneath Castiel’s wandering hands.
“You think I’m hilarious,” Charlie signed cheekily across at him before heading back a few rows to her seat. She’d decided to start learning a few signs not long after they’d met. Dean hadn’t gone into detail with her about how much it touched him, but he had a feeling she knew.
Dean whined and hummed, fluttering his eyelashes as he groaned up at Castiel. His neck was at an awkward angle and the curving of his back that bringing his mouth to Castiel’s waist-height caused was beginning to create a dull ache, but the sensations hardly registered against the warm soreness of his ass and thighs, and the fantastically full feeling of a dick in his mouth.
Castiel gave him a strange look, tilting his head to the side in bafflement. “Yes…?” he responded, entirely unsure.
Sprawled on the break room couch at Bobby’s early on Sunday morning, Dean was feeling pretty good about his busy but satisfying life.
Dean’s words cut off as Castiel’s startlingly warm mouth touched his stomach. His legs fell down flat on the bar with a
After dropping his broken phone off with Ash at the seriously dodgy, odd-smelling RV that Dean had recommended behind the café—and what an experience that had been—Castiel decided to while away the time that it was being fixed by grabbing a coffee and a snack at the Roadhouse. Preferably, he thought quietly to himself, a snack that Kaia had made, rather than Claire.
Dean gripped the ladder with both hands and planted his feet on the outside of the metal uprights. With only a loose hand-hold and the ladder pressed into the arches of his feet, Dean slid down the ladder so quickly that Castiel gasped out loud.
Slowly, Dean’s fingers curled in until his hands were fists, cutting half-moons of frustration and disappointment into the meat of his palms. Periodically, Dean looked at the clock above the podium. It mocked him, the hand juddering on slowly, making sure he was aware of every hopeless second.
“Agreed,” Dean said, grinning warmly. Taking Castiel’s lead, he loosened the buttons around the wrists of his salmon pink shirt and began to roll the heavy cotton back to his elbows neatly.
Dean could smell the musky heat of him through the thin pants, and he closed his eyes to mouth over the slowly twitching length behind the zipper. He felt
“Earl’s place, the Ranch—it’s gone. The whole area’s been redeveloped, there’s a Waffle House sitting on top of it now. I guess it never recovered from the fire. Even the legal, human front for the place; that whole thing is gone.”
Castiel pushed his thumb roughly into the corner of Dean’s mouth, watching as it disappeared in between his lips with a tiny smile. “You’re so pretty, boy,” he murmured—and somehow his voice was even deeper than usual, how the fuck was Dean supposed to cope with that?
Dean raised his hips at the movement of Castiel’s hands, and it only took another minute for them both to discard their remaining clothes over the sides of the bed. Castiel was already hard, just the feeling of Dean’s body above him sending shocks of want through him the likes of which he couldn’t recall feeling for a very long time.
It was also really, really good for Castiel to say that he didn’t feel sorry for him. Because that was the last thing Dean wanted in the whole world. He knew that, really, if he thought about it. But, strangely, seeing it with his own eyes felt like a weight leaving him, one he hadn’t known he was carrying.
“I’m gonna get you drunk more often. I like you drunk, it loosens the stick in your ass.” Immediately, Dean raised a hand to cover his mouth.
It was a crisp but sunny early winter day, and Dean was walking across the quad from Hale Library. He had about an hour before his next class, one of his engineering core classes, which didn’t give him enough time to drive home. So, he’d packed himself a brown bag lunch that morning and planned on getting some reading done in the fresh air before heading to meet Castiel.
Mary came back a few minutes later and departed once more with their sizable order; Dean’s excitement over burgers and pie met Castiel’s enthusiasm for trying everything he’d not already eaten, resulting in a resounding crash of “let’s order the whole menu and share everything.”
Castiel had never considered himself to be much of an exhibitionist—quite the opposite—but the look on Dean’s face as he gazed down at Castiel made him feel brave, and bold, and deeply, desperately
“No,” Castiel said, and Dean thought that the set of his brows might just be the tiniest bit annoyed. “I’m transcribing a bunch of videos for my younger brother, who’s enrolled here.”
Before he could do anything more than choke out a sound, Dean’s limbs betrayed him, all splaying in different directions on the slippery puddle.
,” Dean corrected tiredly, before glaring at the way Charlie’s shoulders shook again. “And he’s my interpreter for class. I can’t have a crush on him, that’d be really inappropriate. Or…like, unprofessional, or something.”
that sent water all over the grimy floor, a huge tail rose from the water and flopped over the rim of the bathtub.
Their fall back onto the mattress was controlled, and they easily met at the lips again once Castiel’s piles of pillows had caught them. They were both nude by then, both hard and wanting, their bodies allowing none of the subtlety that society forced them into daily.
Castiel didn’t answer; he wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist once more, tight, and stood, lifting Dean with him.
Dean parted his lips to explain, but the merman dropped his gaze to the floor and began examining the circle closely.
The way that Castiel could be a little possessive in the bedroom, while being the furthest thing from it outside of the sheets, only added to how incredibly, scorchingly hot their sex life was fast becoming.
“Crowley?” Castiel questioned, settling himself back on the couch and rubbing the heel of his hand across his eyes. What had he done to earn all this? He was in hell. And not the calmer outer circles, either—surely, he’d personally betrayed heaven somehow, to deserve this level of hell. His mee-maw had been right about him after all.
Castiel was adorable when his eyes dropped shyly like that, Dean decided, but even so, he didn’t want him to feel awkward. Dean knocked his thigh into Castiel’s knee, drawing his gaze back up.
Dean shook his head. “Not at all. We’re just gonna skip the lesson today, do something else. Is that okay?”
“Ahh, that’s Fatback,” the man said, as if that explained everything. “Every now and again one of the locals tries to take him in, but he ain’t havin’ it.”
Chuckling, Sam slapped Dean’s shoulder once more and turned, gesturing up the wide, shallow steps that led to the entrance of the house. “Come along, Dean. I’m sure you at least want to eat and rest a little before the party begins.”
“Hardly magic,” Castiel said, stepping up to the edge of the huge, solid table. “I just use my palms and hope for the best.”
Their locked gazes held for a short forever, until Sam slapped Dean on his shoulder, laughing about something or other, and shattered...whatever that had been. Dean sucked in a breath, forcing himself to laugh along even though he was clueless, every fiber of his being except the physical already on the other side of the room with Castiel.
Castiel’s face slackened in surprise as Dean led him to the parking spot on the ground floor where he’d left the Continental.
Sam might have been the Winchester with the famed puppy dog eyes, but Dean could pull out an impressive version of his own when he was in certain situations. “Please, Sir,” he mumbled around Castiel’s merciless thumb.
So, as it has been so long, a quick reminder: this story is a ride. We're in for a lot of plot. It won't be short ,and it won't always be easy. Strap yourselves in. But, as always, that happy ending is waiting out there, somewhere beyond the horizon.
Laughing openly, the guy watched as Castiel shoved the toy in the side pocket of his backpack. Who even cared if it stuck out a bit? The only other person in sight had already had an eyeful. Hell, he might as well fetch the lube from the shrubbery now, too.
“Really, Castiel, I’m being honest with you. The investor doesn’t want the debt load of taking on the extra building from Garrison, which due to legal wrangling and Naomi’s
Pulling in and cutting off the engine, Castiel took a moment to check he had everything he needed for his evening in Little Rock. He’d be able to quickly shower at Balthazar’s place when he got there, so his niggling feeling of having forgotten something wasn’t a big issue; he was sure his friend would be more than happy to lend him anything he’d missed. Bal was so happy to have Castiel close by, instead of all the way back in Illinois, he’d likely do anything to keep him here. He’d even offered to go to an anniversary showing of
“Dean,” Castiel said very softly, as if he knew how shaky that straw house of hope was. “Do you think I’m leaving you?”
A low huff of air escaped Dean’s lungs, and something not far from a pout shifted across his lips. “Could’ve fooled me,” he said, but—to Castiel’s immense relief—his voice now sounded more playful than hurt.
“Lucky for me, Dean is pretty fast to sign too,” Dean said. “I never had anyone around to give me a name sign. Jo could’ve, I guess, but when my dad was around he’d have been pissed if he saw it.”
The spinning flares of multicolored lights highlighted the glistening of Castiel’s skin, the heat between them causing tiny droplets along his hairline that shone with microscopic rainbows as the lights spun past. Castiel’s lips were parted, his mouth open just a fraction to pull in hot air, and as they danced close, studying each other, his tongue darted out to flick along his bottom lip.
Dean nodded along. So far, the story was simple enough, and while folks with nothing better to do would talk of it, it was hardly as scandalous or uncommon as Castiel seemed to believe.
“My father and I had a disagreement,” Dean explained. “I’d returned from my Tour and I was encouraged to court a reasonable enough match—the oldest daughter of Lord Braeden, from Herefordshire. But we parted ways, by our own decision, and my father never forgave me for it.”
“Great,” Castiel signed. “I’m starving. For some reason, at these church things it’s always either overly sweet cakes or heavy casseroles…nothing in between.”
It wasn’t luxurious, but it had been used by several hunters in its time—which meant that it, and the surrounding cliffs, were heavily warded. Dean was fairly sure that it was the safest beach in America for Castiel.
There was a beep, and then silence. Dean blinked down at Castiel, before giving him a reluctant grin.
Castiel looked so fantastically disheveled, Dean had to look away rather than make a fool of himself. Nodding his agreement, Dean hauled himself back up into Baby’s saddle. “A good idea. I hope you don’t mind my visiting so unexpectedly.”
They weren’t as thick as Dean’s fingers, maybe, but they were longer, strong and sure, and Dean wanted to memorize everything about them; those beautiful, talented hands that had given him everything.
“I have plenty of experience with this, Sir. Years. Started at nineteen. I’m fine using red, yellow, and green, and I use ‘Impala’ as an additional safe word. I don’t have any physical boundaries or triggers, though I’m definitely not as flexible as I was ten years ago. My pain tolerance is moderately high, though nothing on some of the women I’ve seen. Health is good—no asthma, nothing like that, no meds like blood thinners that would make suspension a bad idea, if you’re into that.”
Her demeanor was so warm and smiling that Dean actually believed her words, even if he missed one or two of them. He nodded, giving her a brief smile in return, but not quite sure what to say.
“l’ll report in for work at seven from now on,” Dean said emotionlessly. “Don’t bother waking up. I have keys.”
“As I told you in my introductory letter, my father had many gambling debts. He was a flighty man, prone to poor decisions. When he passed, my older brother Michael inherited, and began to try and fix the problems my father had left and face his creditors.”
“I—I should—” Hideously embarrassed, Castiel ducked his head and took a step back. He didn’t finish the sentence, but inside his mind it definitely went,
Dean laughed, pulling a chair out for Anna to sit on. He quickly opened the other door to the small room, poking his head out onto the bay.
They chatted easily as they made their way to the Roadhouse and back. Dean complained about finals coming up, and Castiel listened sympathetically.
Castiel shook his head just a little, barely a movement, just enough to feel his shirt collar shift against his neck. He’d been here before—tried things, dates, even the occasional brief relationship—with people like Dean. People on the streets, people at bars, people he shared interests with.
Castiel raised an eyebrow, and the look of genuine concern on his face made Dean’s stomach churn dangerously. “Alright,” Castiel said. “Well, there’s no point drinking alone. I’ll come back to the dorm with you.”
The kiss started suddenly, like a crash of emotion that had just burst of Castiel unbidden, but the instant that Dean responded—his own arms rising to cup against Castiel’s frame, one hand beneath his shoulder blade, the other at his neck—their lips turned soft and sweet, mingling with an exhale of warm air that Dean could feel dance along his skin.
Sam was in the lead for a good while when he managed to snap a picture of Dean tripping over the guy line of the tent where the finds were being logged, both arms in the air as he flailed toward the muddy floor, mouth open in a comical yell. Sam’s wife Eileen then emerged as a surprising front runner by stealing her own husband’s clothes when he went for a dip in the nearby waterfall. She titled the resulting photograph “Full Moons in the Yucatan Jungle”; it could have been a fancy art piece, if it wasn’t for Sam’s middle finger obscuring one cheek.
“Well,” Dean said with a wry laugh, “there really ain’t that many options, not in Charming Acres. And like hell am I going for a date at the diner where I work. So, how’d you feel about coming over to my place? I cook. Don’t get a chance to, not much, but”—a little of the confidence ebbed out of Dean’s voice and his tone became a hopeful whisper—“I’d like to cook for you, Cas.”
Dean didn’t realize he’d been speaking any of that out loud until Castiel leaned back into his space, stepping between his legs and molding his body to Dean’s own like warm butter on a waffle, melting into Dean’s chest and shoulders and arms.
With a gasping cry, Castiel’s hips stuttered as his wrist continued his frantic movement. Warm, creamy threads of his come spurted out, hitting Dean’s chest, his chin, his cheek.
Dean paused outside the door, taking a peek through its narrow glass window, his hand resting quietly on the cool metal handle.
“You do seem to be the only one who can calm him, at least a little,” Michael begrudgingly allowed. “But putting him in situations like that has to stop, Dean. You must see that—increasingly—he can’t control himself, at all.”
A quick search of the understocked farm bathroom quickly told him that he had nothing resembling medicine on the premises, and whether someone had brought it to Bellbird yet or not—Castiel was so out of it he had no idea—there wasn’t much chance that he’d be able to drive all the way to town in the golf cart.
Dean straightened up slowly, his face and shoulders entirely coated in thick, chunky carbon dust from the pipes and chimney. He had his eyes squeezed shut, keeping them that way as he grumpily stated, “Yup. Definitely a bird’s nest.”
Reading, Dean could depend on. He didn’t have any issues interpreting stuff that was written down; no relying on anyone else, there.
Dean had stopped to gaze out at the Nest in awe. The awe was still there, he supposed, but now it was buried in fear.
perfectly capable of it! “You know I used to want to work for myself, back before we met, before I took the job with Garrison.”
Plating the waffles and bacon, Castiel didn’t answer until he’d placed their breakfast down on the kitchen island. “You’re right,” he signed, leaning one hip on the counter edge. “I’m more reserved with people I don’t know. But with you…”
The corridor beyond the medical bay door was illuminated with exactly the same low-level emergency lighting that lined the hallways over in the engineering department. In fact, the view was identical as Dean and Castiel walked down toward the bank of gleaming elevators. The whole ship was homogenous, to the point where it was pretty easy to get lost if you didn’t follow the neat silver signs on each corner.
Dean glared, about to retort, but luckily movement at the front door of the shop caught his eye before he could.
“Sorry about the soot,” Dean said, keeping his eyes on Castiel’s gills as he cleaned them. “That little rescue didn’t go quite as planned, but it worked out okay in the end.”
If you could use some fluff after this, I have another fic posting tomorrow: a cute farmer's market meet cute with honey, baking, and kid Jack.
Dean regarded the blocky, old-fashioned lump of a car. It could have been a classic, to some people, he supposed. This one, though, was kinda banged up and had bizarre hydraulics and a bad paint job.
“I just—I never knew that about you.” Castiel said, frowning. “That you had relationships with men, I mean.”
“Hey,” said Dean, ducking to find Castiel’s eyes and address them firmly. “Just for the record? I don’t think you’re boring at all.”
“Sure,” Jo agreed, nodding as she tossed the clipboard onto the front seat for later reference. “I’m sure you want to service him real good, Dean.”
“Thank you.” Castiel took the glasses from Dean’s hand. He walked around the edge of the bar, instead of taking Dean’s lazy route over it.
Shrugging one shoulder, Dean leaned back on the desk. “In part, I guess. His stepdaughter is hard of hearing—she’s been one of my best friends since I was born. She started working here a year after I did.”
“Flatterer,” Castiel said, cutting off any response from Dean by shoving his thumb back into Dean’s mouth, pushing his jaw wide. “Hurry up,” he commanded. “I want you—watching you submit so beautifully for me has me on edge already.”
“Sounds good to me,” Dean said as they walked away from the Jeep and up into the slowly emerging, ruined floors of the palace.
“Is he here yet?” Castiel asked quietly, stepping past Meg into the room. His nose wrinkled involuntarily; Meg smelled of something sickly and flowery, like the bloom of a carnivorous plant.
Sam had developed a horrible habit of not tolerating Dean’s shit ever since he went to Stanford, Dean noted sourly. He threw a scathing look at the open Zoom window.
Pink at the back of his neck, Castiel remained at Dean’s side, his horse keeping pace with Baby as they explored the lush, emerald fields. “It’s not really the done thing you know, being as casual with me as you are.”
“Children of deaf adults like me, though—some people don’t like us assigning name signs. Too hearing, not in the community ‘enough’ no matter how we were raised, to some people. And that’s their right. I understand. There are even some groups of people who wouldn't even want me using a sign name, never mind gifting one. But as Gabriel made up this sign so he could use it to tease me about our friendship...I think it’d be okay for you to have it.”
With his tongue poked out, focusing on not slicing his fingers, it took Dean a second to answer. “Gonna open the door.”
“You get whatever help you may need, Dean,” Ms. Moseley replied knowingly, a teasing twinkle in her eye. “Hand holding ~~ optional, and I’d suggest getting to know Cas first.”
“And what about anything I do to them?” Dean asked. Usually, when he was on a case like this, he’d have been peppering someone like Earl with questions. But he didn’t care for this place and he didn’t care for Earl. He knew what he was here for, and it was waiting in lucky room number thirteen.
Dean sucked in a thoughtful breath, noticing that Castiel was sitting up, looking even more curious.
Dean’s cheeks were flushed. Castiel wasn’t sure why, until he ducked his eyes down and away, turning the mask in his hands.
Dean sighed as his dick immediately woke up and reminded him exactly what kind of man he was dating. “I hate you,” he said, soft and unconvincing.
Even so, Dean had to admit it looked pretty good on him. Fashionable, maybe not, but there was something about it. He had an officer’s suit and a blue tie beneath it, and Dean thought with some amusement that Castiel looked as if he could be dressing for a date, if only they weren’t the only two people awake on the whole ship.
“Ice” was a generous word—the ice packs that Bobby had in the medical kit at the auto shop were small, awkward, and not as bendy as they needed to be, so Dean had ended up with a bag of pre-chopped mango and pineapple from the tiny staff freezer. He had a feeling it was Jo’s.
He was aware that growing up with his overprotective, religious mother had really done a number on his social skills, but it seemed like the more he tried, the worse it got. So, often, he just didn’t bother.
Bobby nodded his approval, and Dean stepped back out of the office. He headed back to the front of the shop to find Sam and Castiel; maybe he could have some company for lunch.
Dean went to work whipping up Charlie’s grotesque shake, presenting it with a flourish and a slight slosh of peanut-buttery milk as he slid it toward her. “Voila, madame.”
“Anyway,” Dean continued, flicking his eyes to the side to look at the handsome, tanned man that was the only other person awake on the entire freakin’ ship. “It’s not like you can talk.”
“So, you met...Castiel? I take it?” Sam asked, not even attempting to keep a straight face, the little shit.
Around the soft-looking edge of each of the gills were worrying dark lines, crumbly patches of dark dirt that clung to the flushed flesh within each of the slim cavities. Moistening the white washcloth he held, Dean reached to turn off the tap—the water was finally almost to the top of the tub—and settled himself more comfortably on his knees to begin clearing the soot from Castiel’s skin.
Stepping back out into the bakery, Dean was pleased by Gabriel’s approving once over, his honey-whiskey eyes taking in the clothing with a small nod.
Above him, Castiel watched with wide, dark eyes, his hand still knotted gently in Dean’s hair. He let go only to push up on the couch a little, lifting his hips and settling into the perfect position.
Clearly tired, worn down, and not in the mood for Dean’s bullshit today, Castiel threw his hands up in the air, abandoning his coffee. “That is not what I meant!” Signing furiously, Castiel’s frown punctuated his hand motions. “I’m not here ~~ you every weekend because I feel obligated. I don’t feel sorry for you, asshole, so maybe stop feeling sorry for yourself!”
Dean grimaced, covering his face with one hand in shame for a moment. That had been one hell of a party. “It wasn’t even New Year’s yet! I was caught by surprise,” Dean defended himself feebly. “Still the most awkward kiss of my life, though. I’ve never tried to extract myself from a person that quickly.”
Their lips were wet and cold, but their tongues were warm, and the noise of thunder and downpour couldn’t quite steal the sounds of their breathy gasps of pleasure, nor the softer notes of their eager mouths moving with more surety.
Sam nodded grimly, settling them into an empty lane on the freeway before he reached down and grabbed a water bottle, tossing it to Dean. “Here. Breathe, have a drink. Don’t make me have to drag your dumb ass to the ER, Dean.”
“I didn’t mean it like that. Just—you’re doing too much,” Dean said, giving Castiel a small, regretful smile. “Not everything is your duty, you know. You deserve a break sometimes, some fun, to prioritize yourself.”
Dean knew that was the logic here, but he also knew he didn’t believe it for a second. Sam was right. Castiel hadn’t chosen to be here—and even if he had, he wasn’t a monster to begin with.
Castiel reached one arm around Dean’s neck to steady himself. As Dean walked, he busied himself with nuzzling into the side of Dean’s face, his other hand trailing softly across Dean’s chest. He explored, the pads of his fingers caressing Dean’s skin and skimming over his nipples.
A shiver of grief and fear tore through Dean’s chest. What had he done? What had he allowed to happen?
“Jerk,” Sam muttered under his breath, scrambling awkwardly to fold his excessively long legs down into the footwell.
Dean felt Castiel’s gaze still on him, but he didn’t look up, concentrating on his washcloth as he quietly continued to speak.
Dean could feel the back of his neck heating with embarrassment and frustration. After heading to the garage to work off his anger, he hadn’t had time to start digging into his textbooks and researching the mystery equation himself—he hadn’t thought for even a moment that Adler would drop a pop quiz on them today, the one day where Dean wouldn’t have a clue.
“Not sure how smoking makes much difference to that,” Dean said with a smirk. “Sounds like it’d make it worse—”
Castiel caught up with Dean’s intentions and helped, guiding his eager, red cock into Dean’s hand with a press of his thumb near the base. Dean felt a puff of air against his shoulder as he stroked Cas up and down slowly, taking his time slicking him up with the lube just because he could. Looking up to check on Castiel, Dean was met with a hooded gaze and blown pupils.
Droplets fell from Castiel’s soaked hair as he shook his head slowly. “No,” he said, his voice heartbreak and fear and loathing, “I’m not.”
As soon as the door closed behind Dean’s back, all the horror and guilt and disgust crashed over him like a wave. This place
Dean’s knee jiggled the whole way from Lebanon to The Lucky Elephant Casino, and for the entire six hours it took them to cross the state line into Nebraska, Castiel didn’t even mention it. He had his own nervous tics—it has taken Dean years to spot them, but they were there. Castiel seemed so stoic and emotionless, so damn fucking
“I know what people come here for, okay? But not me. I—” Dean started to say, but he was cut off by another splash as the creature’s muscled, impressive arms bent and pushed down, and he hauled himself over the edge of the grungy bathtub and onto the floor. He had thin, shiny webbing that stretched between each of his fingers.
Dean felt a tiny rush of air into his mouth as his lips fell open into an ‘O’. Not one ever got that he was here just for Sammy. They told him to live his own life; they didn’t get it. This guy got it.
“Yeah. I’ve been doing a little mer magic. Sam did the research, of course, I’m just the guinea pig. Turns out you guys really like things pure and salty.”
The response to this fic has made my heart grow several sizes, but I thought it actually might burst when I just looked at this chapter all ready to go with Liz's amazing art in place. I hope you love it as much as I do!
Stretching out across the bed like a starfish, Dean shook the sleep from his limbs and rose up out of the comforter, shoving it down the bed to air out for a few hours. Pulling back the drapes that covered the bedroom window showed him a winter wonderland outside. It was the perfect amount of snow for Dean; a wintery blanket, not a wall of white that he’d have to dig through, like further north.
“Deal,” Castiel agreed, clinking their bottles together sharply at their necks and trying to ignore the way his pulse was picking up.
“Probably best to stick to Whist for your first night, then,” Castiel said breezily, though his smile was a little wolfish. “I must warn you, though—you won’t win.”
Neither of them mentioned that Castiel had already confirmed that the rents for the month were all collected. If Castiel wanted an excuse to be out of Dean’s presence, then Dean would have the grace to let him get away with it.
history, not just analyzing and theorizing and writing. He could do this. Dean had convinced him, over and over, during the entire academic year while they waited, hand in hand, for the summer to roll around, that he could do this. That he was allowed. That he deserved to.
Chilling options, neither of which Dean and Castiel spoke of. They simply rode back to the dormitory in silence.
Dean’s viewers, though, loved him. Probably (as Castiel pointed out regularly) because they loved Dean, but still. It was heartwarming, how he’d been welcomed into Dean’s strange, extended internet family.
The smell of the Leviathan Blossom was sweet, tobacco-like, slightly earthy. A cloudy oil leaked from its center where—as Castiel had noted—it “got a little smushed.” Dean couldn’t stop staring at it. Even after Castiel tucked it back into his inner pocket as he moved past Dean to the golden, shimmering tear of Michael’s portal, Dean stared at the pull in the tan fabric of the trench coat that denoted where it was. A tiny puff of its scent drifted from Castiel as he moved ahead of Dean, and it assailed Dean’s senses—he would never forget that smell, as long as he lived, he knew right then.
Sam muttered something under his breath as he walked off. Dean was sure it was some kind of dig at him and his hatred of working out, but he was in too good a mood to worry about it.
“You don’t like Hannah?” Castiel asked, a small crease marring his brow. “She’s been working here for a few years now, I’ve never heard any complaints about her.”
It hadn’t been too long after Castiel’s magic was restored that he’d heard Gabriel’s song. Dean wasn’t sure exactly what they’d talked about, that first morning when Castiel had disappeared off into the waves to meet Gabriel on his own terms, in a place of his choosing. They seemed to have come to some kind of uneasy agreement, though, and now his brother’s visits were regular, once a month or so.
Castiel sighed. Oh well... Not in the mood to instantly answer any of these, he turned off his phone. He got up and walked to the shower, his towel and bathrobe over his arm. The warm spray loosened the kinks in his muscles, and Castiel felt distinctly better after getting out. He sighed at his reflection. Stud muffin... really. He didn't see it, but both Gabe and Luce agreed that Castiel was a looker, and had he not been their brother, they would have waged war on each-other for his affections.
“Bonjour, Madamme,” Castiel kindly said to the lady with the long, cinnamon coloured braid. In his eyes she looked almost native, except that she was too white. “My name is agent Azure. I am here to investigate the... deaths of a few ladies.” He always made sure to exaggerate his almost non-existent accent. It tended to lull people into a false sense of security. As if a person with a French accent would not know exactly how the law in the US worked.
Bal looked like he was going to say something, but decided against it. “Let’s,” he said and with a hand in the small of Cas’ back, he guided them inside.
Anna sat down on the edge of his mattress, the re-donned ‘Engelsrufer’ necklace chiming softly as she moved. “Castiel, we’re grateful you agreed to come help us, but it was supposed to be as back-up. An extra set of eyes and hands. Not for you to go in on a kamikaze mission.” She grabbed his hand where it lay on the bed. “As hard as you might find it to believe, Castiel Shurley, we, Gabe and I, we care about you. We don’t want to lose you.”
It cracked his mask, and he smiled. “Oui. My ancestors were not very imaginative. That’s how it goes, hein?”
“Nothing, dear boy,” he drawled unconvincingly. “Even in Hell there is something called integrity. Make a deal, keep it. Like I said, there was a distraction. I had them make noise a county over. Not in town, but just close enough to have her Hunter side flare up. She read the omens and to keep James safe, she went to investigate. She’s a mom. It’s kind of in the job description. Naomi doesn’t hunt, unless it is close enough to be a threat to her or James. Always was this way.”
“Jesse forever,” he read. “Who’s Jesse then?” Pamela closed the doors and with her arms full of paraphernalia walked past the cousins.
Curious, despite himself, Cas leaned in, not minding the sulphur breathing monster at their feet any more. “Princes?”
“Feathers!” Crowley called jovially. “How is my celestial bestie?” Cas sighed and demanded that Crowley cut to the core and stop being his annoying self. “Why Feathers, how rude of you to assume that I only call you when I have something I want.” Cas didn’t answer, and Crowley cleared his throat. “Fine, I do need some HOL assistance. I think I have a group of rogue demons, but they have recruited some witches who somehow found a way to get them off Hell’s radar. I need your resources to get them back. Your Hunters are well educated, and most solo rogues get excorsised properly back within a month tops. These blighters have plotted around that. Can your lot get this done, you think? I will make sure that they will get tortured with torture that no-one has ever been tortured with. Hell has been relatively calm, since you and the Hardy-boys have retired. I would like to keep it that way.” Cas assured him they could handle it and rang off.
Balthazar would have insisted on going to a bar, but Cas, Cas like to stay indoors to have his fun. Not like he’d pick up somebody to party with anyway. The mere thought made him recoil. No, Cas was best alone. For the job, for his fun, for wallowing in sadness, alone was the way to be.
“He is telling the truth, Gabe. And don’t feel bad, Sam. I thought until just this morning that Sam and Sammy, and Dean and D were four different people, not two.”
The guy widened his steel blue eyes and raised his blond eyebrows. "Oh, does that mean we're friends then?" he quipped and a smile graced his face as he took Castiel’s hand in his. Castiel wasn't a social butterfly, but he knew the basic rules.
, have the decency to speak English.” He turned towards Dean, who gaped at him. “Come on, Dean. This connard impertinent has ruined my fun. Let’s go do something else.”
Cas all but threw himself at Balthazar, who only just caught him. “Cassie? Sugarbear, what are you doing?”
“Look, fellas...” he started, golden eyes pleading and unhappy. “It was never my secret. I never decided to do this.”
Rubbing his neck, Gabe glanced at where Anna stood, leaning against the wall. “To separate you two,” she said, taking pity on her brother.
He hit send and quickly paid attention again. With a sigh Castiel noted that he hadn't missed much. A nudge to his side made him turn around. The guy next to him, his legs stretched to the side of his seat since he was so tall, was sitting back and smirking at him. Castiel raised an eyebrow at him.
He made his way to the door, where the girl Sandy, if his information was correct, was staring at the dead djinn and his victims, the ones Cas was too late to save.
Cas ruffled his feathers loud enough for even Dean to hear. “He also was the most slippery and skilled in combat. If I had not smote him, he would have escaped. You should be more grateful, Crowley. Dean and I saved you a lot of trouble.” Dean grinned at that and agreed with Cas loudly, before saving his phone and ending the call. When he offered to turn in for the night, Cas tilted his head. “But what about Baby’s cooling fluid?”
“Geez! I don’t wanna know what they’re up to!” Dean objected, but Cas stood and poked a finger at the image. It shimmered and shifted like a pool, but nothing happened. “Wait… Is this happening now?” Dean asked, noticing that Sam was wearing the same shirt as this morning, and it sported the grease stain from that bit of fried egg Sam had dropped at breakfast. Jack nodded and waved again. The image shifted to Bobby, talking to Rufus Turner. Another wave and suddenly their peephole had sound.
Cas nervously twirled his gold ring around his finger as he looked for Dean. “Dean! We’re going to be late!”
It seemed Cas realised it too, because he quickly smiled at Dean and introduced Gabriel. “Guys, this is my first cousin Gabriel. Gabriel, these are my best friend Dean, his little brother Sam, and his parents, Bobby and Jody.” Dean knew that Cas was deliberately not mentioning that Bobby and Jody were their surrogate parents, because a lot of Cas’ family was very much convinced that parentage was golden and adoptive kids were little more than bastards. Especially Cas’ brothers, the twins Michael and Lucien, who had earned himself the nickname Lucifer and wore it like a badge of honour.
"Dear Castiel’s car... I am sorry for calling you a bucket of bolts. Please accept my humble apology." He glanced up at his brother, who nodded.
They were still kissing and making out, when there was a loud bang from the front door and Gabriel’s voice rang out. “Annette… Où êtes-vous? I have an extra guest!”
That got him an impressed nod and pout. “So our little wencher is indeed causing all of this?” Gabe wondered. “That low-down scumbag. I wonder if the Mrs. knows about this. Mike should really watch his back.”
The blonde had seen him and waved. “Hey Sugar! Want a donut to go with the juice?” she had said in a perky, if loud, voice. Cas had accepted gratefully. He had skipped breakfast after all. “I’m Donna. Jody was just telling me how you got up special for us, to get our buzzy friends out. That’s mighty nice of you.” Cas had liked these sheriffs. They were kind and motherly.
They had been on the road for a while, and after Dean had laid down a ground rule about the music, they had fun shifting through his tape collection and chatting about this and that.
Castiel felt a blush creep up his cheeks, but released his lip. This guy, whom he knew nothing about, except that he was a mechanic called Dean, had an uncle Bobby and a quick sense of humour, just broke into his personal bubble and touched his face.
Ok, not too bad. It seemed his brothers thought him hiding, not going out on his own. A bit more sure of himself, he scrolled on.
He righted himself and stretched languidly. “Merde,” he cussed softly. “Those bloodsuckers were more alert than I thought.”
“Oh, rotten candy-apples...” Gabriel muttered while grabbing hold of Castiel. Cas wrenched his arm loose.
Beggars can’t be choosers though, so he put a few quarters in the coin-slot, and dialled the number from memory.
"He didn't, Maman. Lucien surmised from Castiel’s answers that the text 'Found a sweet little piece of ass. Don't pester me.' that I sent him last night was not entirely true."
Dean chortled and took a big bite of his own bacon cheese burger. “Hungry, Cas?” he asked around his bite.
Annette, flustered, looked past him and saw Cas and Dean. “Oh!” she exclaimed happily. “C'est toi le garçon! Bienvenue!”
“But what about that orchard?” Dean asked. That seems to have been made with love and care at least.” Cas sighed. “That’s because dad hired Joshua for the garden when they bought the house. Joshua loves every sapling he ever planted.  His old age has crept up on him though, and ours is the last garden he tends, because my mother has the opposite of a green thumb: brown fingers. Any plant she decides to care for, withers and dies.” He held out a hand towards Sam. “May I use your laptop? I will show you the realtor’s advert of the place.” Sam easily handed over the hardware and in a few clicks, the house was on the screen. He passed it over to Bobby and Ellen, who looked baffled yet interested.
“Well, well, well. If it isn’t my favourite future Hell denizen. Hello, Castiel,” a smarmy voice drawled.
Luce chuckled. “Regarde toi... tous agités. Est-ce que je me rapproche de la vérité, mon petit frère?”
Gabe blew her a kiss and tugged Castiel along. "You look slightly flushed, Cassie... Did Meg make you uncomfortable?"
“Oh Cassie!” Gabriel crowed, delighted. “I never thought I would hear you say such a thing! Be still my heart!”
This lady however, was more shrewd. “Agent Azure... basically agent Blue. Odd name,” she observed, her light brown eyes taking him in head to toe.
Cas shrugged, even though Gabriel couldn’t see it. “Soit. I’m ok, Gabriel. I can crash at your motel once I’m there. Which one are you in?”
“I’m sorry, love,” Dean replied, kissing Cas on the nose. “It just creeps up on me, and it keeps happening.” He wiped at his eyes with his knuckles. “I wish we could make sure you could stay here.”
Dean blinked in surprise, then turned to their daughter. “Oh sweetheart… it broke?” Claire gave a wobbly-lipped nod. Dean pulled her close and whispered into the golden hair, until Claire gave a soft chuckle and pushed him away. Straightening, Dean wiped at his own eyes and then sighed. “Claire knew about it being my mom’s. And that was why she was so drawn to it. It also reminded her of her mom, since they were both fond of angels. I understand her need to sometimes take the angel and talk to it. Am I sad that it broke? Yeah. Of course I am, but I’m more sad that Claire has now lost that solace.”
Dean pursed his lips angrily, then accepted that with a twitch of his head. “Well, that’s crappy. But then again: you never told me which club you wanted to go to, so this is the third one I went to, looking for my… you.”
When he opened the door, a young guy about their age gave him a winning smile and raised his hand. “Hello.” Dean gaped. The guy looked disturbingly like Cas, except his eyes were a little less intense, and he was blonder. “I’m Jack. Can I just come in, please, Dean? I have a lot to talk about with you and Castiel.” Dean kept gaping. The young man tilted his head in a way that was way too reminiscent to Cas’, so Dean swallowed hard and called for Cas to come over. His love came jogging into the hallway and stopped dead. The kid smiled wide again and raised his hand a second time. “Hello, Castiel. You look happier than before. So I take it this was a good decision?”
The moment Gabe had said Cas was scared Dean wouldn’t show, all nerves vanished into thin air. Suddenly Dean couldn’t wait to get to his angel and get the rest of their lives going. When he saw Cas for the first time in that suit, the busy room faded out and all Dean could see was Cas. The weary wrinkles in his face had softened, as if nothing in the world could worry Cas anymore, and Dean couldn’t think of one single thing on the planet, this dimension or others, that was more beautiful than his Cas. He walked up to where Jody was watching them with a warm, motherly smile, and took Cas’ hand in his. “Heya, Cas.”
Castiel frowned. "I know. Like I said, I have just gotten up and I haven't found time to open the window yet."
Naomi’s gaze went blank. “No wonder I never heard from him. I have heard plenty about Chuck Shurley though. He’s supposed to be one badass Hunter, only surpassed by his.... son.” She looked up at Cas, a mixture of regret, pain and pride on her face.
“Au revoir, bonne chance with the divorce,” he said softly as he stood. Neither of his table mates looked up.
Cas stretched and yawned. His mouth tasted foul and was as dry as the Mojave desert. He pondered this, then got hit by the memories. Oh dear Lord… had he
“I-I think we just got the ok from God himself. You’re here to stay, sweetheart! You won’t ever be taken away again!” Heart finally bursting, Dean hugged Cas close and kissed him deeply, his salty tears mixing with the ones that were streaming down Cas’ cheeks. That evening Bobby and Sam came home to a feast, prepared by two overjoyed young men.
Cas’ heart swelled at the moniker and he wiped at his eyes. “Well, Jack, first my parents, Charles and Jeanette. You can decide how you want to address them later. Gabriel and Sam have a little chore of their own to do, so they will join us later, and Lucien and Mikhail will be there for dinner.”
Real Life™️ bugged me big time, and I had 2 challenges I’m writing for, plus a whole new one I’m modding. This fic kinda was the collateral damage. I’ll try and be better in updating!
Castiel pulled up his study planner. "No. I can shorten my break between church and pre-lunch study. Nothing bad should come of it."
Cas shook his head, and Dean grinned. “Claire,” Cas said, once he got himself a bit under control. “...meet your future brother: Jack.”
Glad his father, rotten bastard that he was, had made him go through ‘being buried alive’ trainings, Cas let himself sink in the known actions, slowly but surely getting himself out.
“It’s… it’s us. Our shirts,” Dean said, and he bent even closer. Cas briefly closed his eyes to savour the feeling of Dean’s warmth against his shoulder and back. “Look, Cas,” Dean pointed. “That’s you, with that stupid tie that’s always crooked.”
Bobby had offered the cabin, noting that nobody came there for months or even years, and it was exactly the out Cas had needed.
Cas smiled. Then it hit him. “I might just know the place for you. It even has an orchard with fruit trees. Apples, pears, cherries, peaches and apricots. The last ones have been planted in plots of three each five years.” The others were gaping at him. “It was my parent’s house. It’s on the outskirts of town, so pretty close to the shops. After my father ran off to who knows where, my mother decided to put it up for sale, and split the money between me, Gabriel and the girls. Gabriel declined, saying he didn’t feel at home there, at all, ever, and the money would carry nasty memories. Hannah and Anna don’t care either way, both being too busy with their careers. I could use it, but I’m with Gabriel in this. The house holds no place in my heart. It was a cold and loveless home.” He glanced around the table and fell silent.
Castiel held his hands up soothingly. "I'm sorry. I didn't want to startle you. It's just that I remembered that I have a test, third period."
Heaving a sad little sigh, Crowley shrugged. “Yes, sadly being a demon does not win any beauty pageants. Lucky for us that most people can’t seem to see through the masks, huh?”
Dean stiffened, then relaxed and actually opened his mouth on a soft moan. “Mhhnn. fuck… Cas…so good.” Cas had to agree. This was beyond any kiss he had yet had. He hummed and slipped his tongue in Dean’s mouth, moaning as that sweet taste intensified. Dean gave as good as he got and their tongues danced around each-other for a while. Lack of oxygen had Dean pull back, breathing heavily.
Cas drifted over to his side and smiled shyly. “Hello, Dean.” Dean ignored the warm feeling under his sternum and smiled as he replied. Cas turned his head to the side and smiled. “Hello, Sam, Bobby, Jody. I am glad to see you all.” Dean’s smile faded a bit. He shouldn’t be bothered by it, but he was. Cas shouldn’t be glad to see Dean’s family. He should be glad to see his own, but, as usual, they had not shown their posh-ass faces.
"Hopefully never, Maman. It sounds so boring!" Gabriel exclaimed, before slathering his croissant with strawberry jam. Castiel snorted in his tea. Breakfast with Gabriel was never dull.
A sense of foreboding stiffened Castiel’s back. “What? Does that mean he... he’ll come back for Jimmy?”
"Gabriel, you are punctual as ever, mon cher. Come, sit, eat!" Their mother was sure that the two little chicks that had flown the nest were severely starving all the time.
Gabriel pouted. "But your ass looks soooo nice in these jeans!" he called after Castiel’s retreating back.
Gabriel scoffed. "Well, you got it anyway. See you Sunday, Cassie. And you might want to lock your door while I'm there." Without saying goodbye, he hung up.
"There... let's see how that tale will be spun when we get back." Castiel announced cheerfully and opened the door for Bal. Bal started laughing and Castiel grinned as he gunned the gas. With a roar, Sweetie pulled away from the curb. When they got back, Balthazar was grinning like a bobcat and they didn't go back inside. They stood next to Sweetie and talked a bit. After which, they each went their own way. Castiel was surprised to find it was past three in the morning. He was glad he had agreed to meet Dean at ten, that way he could get a few hours of sleep before the car show. He smiled as he hung his clothes to air out a bit, and crawled in bed.
Castiel sighed. Gabriel with his extreme sweet talk... If he didn't need this favour, he would sass him. Pulling a hand through his dark locks, Castiel reined in his attitude and tapped his answer.
Dean shrugged. “I was so at a loss what to buy you for our second wedding anniversary. I honestly thought I would have to tell you that I didn’t have a gift for you, when I suddenly remembered Jack’s words. “Buy him the hive.” So… that’s what I did. I had to reschedule with Sam, who was going to help me get you a swarm, because he had to rush to court.”
Dean got his folder, but he didn’t open it. “Bobby, you didn’t do anything stupid, did you?” he demanded to know. Bobby crossed his arms and sat back, giving Dean a meaningful look. Dean lowered his head shyly and opened the folder. “Sorry…” He read, stopped to glance at Sam and Ellen, who both smiled and nodded. He read on, and when he was done, his face was pale and his eyes were wide. “I can’t..” he started, but Bobby interrupted.
He frowned a bit. "I despise people who think their education gives them the right to treat others like second rate." In a bout of sincerity, Castiel put his hand on Dean’s knee. "Don't let anyone convince you you are 'just' anything. Each person is unique and amazing."
“Yeah, no. I'm guessing you drove Sweetie here?” When Cas blanched even further and hid his face in his hands, Dean hummed in disapproval. “I thought so. I am
“I believe you, Gabriel,” he mumbled into the caramel locks tickling his nose. “Shush... I know... Believe me when I say I never wanted you to see that.” Gabriel gave a sobbing chuckle. “Yeah... I believe you. No-one should ever have to see that.” He patted Cas on the back and broke free from the hug. “Oh!” he gasped, as if suddenly remembering. “I guess you’ll want this.” He fidgeted at his collar and pulled an old rosary from his neck. Cas lit up. “Mamie’s rosary! I thought it got lost!” He took it gingerly, letting the beads play through his fingers. “Merci, mon frère.” He almost reverently wound it around his wrist twice. “I guess I should be keeping it closer, hein?”
An older man, with a scruffy beard, worn in jeans, a bodywarmer over an old flannel shirt, and a grimey truckers cap, stood just behind Dean. A fond smile played around his mouth as he watched Dean’s desperate bid to keep a full set of teeth. When he looked up at Castiel, and he had to, he was at least an inch shorter, that smile was gone.
Castiel scoffed. "I'm their last hope. Luce is 'following Lady Luck' as he puts it, and Gabe, well, he decided to become a chocolatier slash pastry baker. He makes the best stuff."
to reach out and touch. He wanted to know if Castiel’s wild hair was as soft as it looked, he wanted to know what his stubble would feel like under Dean’s lips if he kissed up his jaw.
Dean did feel a strange tingle go through him as he reached into the bag and pulled out the carefully wrapped amulet, though, as if he could sense something from it that he’d been unable to before. He turned it in his palm nervously. While Sam had worked on refining the spell, Dean had cleaned up the amulet. Beneath all the tarnish, it wasn’t in bad condition. Now it gleamed, a heavy silver chain and a delicate glass tube. Ready for part of Dean’s soul to be siphoned into it.
All across the continent, up from Spain and well into France now, Dean had passed letters back and forth with his steward—with his friend. It had taken some time, and some gentle cajoling, to persuade Castiel to use his name, rather than his title. But by now, at least, Dean would certainly call them friends.
The reason this one mattered was because Dean had a chance to prove to Castiel that he was capable. That even if he was on his second attempt at school at nearly thirty, that even if he pushed away friends and failed at relationships, that even if he felt like he was the worst Winchester, the one who was a disappointment…he was still good at stuff. He still had skills, talents.
With his heart filling so much of his mouth he wasn’t sure he could speak, Dean shifted around on the mattress. He lifted his free arm, letting his head move forward over Castiel’s shoulder. He switched the hand he was stroking with, and brought the spare one over top of them, reaching cautiously around to Castiel’s front. He rested his forearm across Castiel’s stomach, pulling him in. Spooning, effectively, with Dean’s lower arm between them, stroking rhythmically across Castiel’s shoulder blades. His face rested in the crook of Castiel’s neck, and for a minute or two, they both pretended to watch the TV.
I know you're all waiting after the little cliff hanger on the last chapter, such as it was, so I won't keep you here long--just long enough to confirm that we're entering NSFW territory this chapter (I know, I know...
“If you’re all good,” Dean said, “I’ll take my lunch hour now. Let me know if you need anything, though.”
“Dork,” Dean muttered fondly before nodding. “Of course. I would love to go on a date with you, Cas. Pull out all the stops, romance me. If it goes really, really well”—Dean walked his fingers up the side of Castiel’s face, before turning his jaw gently so that he could grin at him and press a kiss to his lips—“you might even get lucky at the end.”
Castiel’s eyes came up from the water to land on Dean, the blue of them perfectly reflecting the sea around them. “No,” he said quickly. “I was afraid and embarrassed, but it wasn’t your fault.”
“I’d rather smoke, but supplies are somewhat limited,” Castiel said, gesturing with the joint he held between his first two fingers. “And I’m hardly lowering myself to your level, Dean. I think we’re pretty much on a par, in our own ways.”
It seemed like Dean was coming back to himself enough to feel a little embarrassment—either at the lacy underwear or at someone cleaning him, Castiel wasn’t sure—so Castiel worked swiftly and efficiently, tugging the pretty panties down enough to wipe away the remnants of his release from within, to make him more comfortable.
Luckily the officer’s room—or what they were assuming was the stasis area for the officers—was blue-white on the map, without any concerning red shading. It felt like the first bit of good news Dean had come across since he woke up.
Dean’s smile at Castiel was far more genuine than he expected. He let his gaze rest on Cas’ face and really took him in; a rare event, when so often he didn’t feel worthy of looking at him at all. Castiel’s lightly tanned skin looked a little older than it had when he’d smashed his way through that barn door ten years before, Dean realized.
After complimenting Castiel on his waffles—effusively, more than once—Dean pushed his plate aside and asked, “Got any plans today?”
When the sun had finally fully risen after that long night and early morning, Dean had extracted himself from Castiel’s heavy limbs—quite octopus-like, when he slept as a human—and called Sam, let him know that the spell had been a success. Then he’d made coffee, crawled back under the sheets, and told Castiel everything.
sensation swallowed Dean up, occupying all of his senses...until a wash of darkness came, bringing with it silent, black relief.
Wincing, Castiel shrugged. He didn’t much like Crowley, but that did sound awkward. “Maybe they can keep the properties and find a new company to renovate and run them?” he offered weakly. “They might even be able to keep you on the project, that way.”
“That was so good, Dean!” Castiel announced rather more loudly than necessary. “You’re very good at that. With the words and… and things. For the songs.”
“No,” Michael agreed, nodding. “It was, perhaps, cosmically speaking, balanced between Light and Dark. But a balance between those two is not where Earth thrives. To be able to create your reality as you know it now, Chuck needed more Light, less Darkness. By the time Cain came along, his sister had loosened her hold on the world, but much of the planet was uninhabitable, and the children of Eve had begun to rear their heads.”
Dean saw movement in the clerk’s cheeks, but she remained looking down at her keyboard as she answered him, until he tapped his fingers on the desk and got her to repeat herself. It was so annoying when people did that—bane of Dean’s goddamned existence.
Sam shrugged, passing the bag to Dean and then slowly signing, “Woke up and couldn’t get back to sleep.”
of the mattress as Fatback came to nose at the end of it, no doubt curious as to why Castiel hadn’t yelled at him since he’d come home. Castiel grumbled something into the pillow, but as his limbs felt like they were weighed down by lead, he merely rolled over and let Fatback get on with it.
“The spell could summon the spirit of an ancestor,” Sam steamrolled onward, side-eying Dean. “Mer revere their forebears, almost like a religion. If we do the spell, we might be able to ask one of Castiel’s ancestors about the amulets, I guess. Maybe.”
Then, Castiel lifted his other hand and waved it in front of Dean’s face, sweeping it through the water.
Flopping ungentlemanly down to the grass on one side of the hill, Dean offered Castiel slices of cook’s pie and cheese sandwiches, before tempting him with a little fortified wine that Mrs. Harvelle had carefully wrapped along with two tin cups. It was simple, and easy, and a peaceful moment between friends.
He turned, and Dean couldn’t stop looking at him, at the way the remaining raindrops clung to his skin and added a damp gleam to his pink, chill-brightened cheeks. He was so beautiful.
For a moment they looked at each other, predator to prey, but then Dean stepped away to the next door and she tore off up the corridor without a second glance. Not one of the creatures had attacked him.
Bobby frowned, but Dean could see him thinking. “You don’t want me to stay?” he asked. “You should have someone here with you.”
Dean raised his brow, watching Castiel unfold the white, printed sheets. “Those better not be divorce papers, hubby,” he joked.
With two black coffees and a handful of honey packets, Dean made his way to the window seat that Castiel had found, a small bistro table beneath an industrial-looking hanging light. It looked out over the pavement to the pretty sandstone bricks of Seaton Hall, huge and overbearing, not at all like the modern bulk of Engineering Hall or the square bleakness of Cardwell, where Dean’s math classes were.
“Castiel is not dead, that is the difference.” Michael is always so solemn that Dean doesn’t expect the depth of compassion in his eyes. “He is in the Empty, and I believe he is likely asleep or incapacitated in some other way, but he is not dead.”
Within the room, Castiel was swinging at one of several old 150 lb. punching bags that hung from the reinforced beams running along the gym ceiling. His trench coat made a tan puddle on the floor next to the opposite wall, and beside it were bundles of navy and white and the forlorn shapes of Castiel’s boots, flopped over against one another and shoved against the footboard. Dean’s eyes slowly shifted from the pile of abandoned clothing to Castiel himself.
emergency functions kicked in. The oxygen levels in the lower portions of the ship were dipping below what is acceptable for human habitation. The background processes that keep the ship flying have certain troubleshooting capabilities, and they determined that the problem was Engineering related. So here I am, booted up just for you.”
Dean took a long draw of coffee, dawdling back to the dormitory. Castiel had appeared—apparently, he’d been showering off his morning exertions, if his poofy, fresh-washed hair was anything to go by. He’d at least changed back into the slacks and shirt he’d worn the night before, and the booty-shorts were nowhere to be seen. Though, if Dean closed his eyes, he could still see them pretty dang clearly.
Castiel tilted his head as Dean lifted him from the back of the van, giving him that intense squint that always made Dean feel like he was being stripped down to his soul. “I would have thought that you would like my muscles. Aren’t they considered conventionally attractive?”
He patted Cas on the hand, making tingles shoot all the way up Cas’ arm, to the nape of his neck. Cas swallowed and cleared his throat. “Yes. I’d like that. Goodbye Dean.”
The burst of laughter that rang from the speaker even reached Maman and she instantly looked sympathetic.
“He doesn’t flaunt it,” Dean merely said. Cas nodded, but Donna and Jody wanted to know if Dean knew how Sam identified. “Mh. Not sure. But if you ask me, the kid doesn’t care what bits you have. He’s about the person.” The ladies nodded.
“Thank you,” he told the beast. She whuffed softly, and that was the last thing Cas heard, before she tore out his throat.
Dean passed a hand over his eyes. “Because you’re drunk, Cas. And… and you can’t promise me you’re gonna be fine with it tomorrow. Drunken consent isn’t consent. I want that shit when you’re sober.”
Crowley shrugged. ”Yes. It was why Azazel picked him. That blood, it made those abilities stronger.”
Cas smiled and kissed his husband lovingly. “Hello, Dean,” he answered. “What are you doing here? You said you would cook, and there is nothing prepared to even start dinner…” Cas’ heart sank a little. Had Dean forgotten their anniversary? Already? Dean smiled and Cas noticed a dirty smear of dust over his face.
Dean glanced at Cas, both thinking of Cas’ mother. Jack tilted his head questioningly, then  pulled a thinking face. “Hmmm. Yes… just a minute…” he hummed. He wriggled his fingers, then brightened, snapped his fingers once and smiled again. “There. You never died. Problem solved. You and Dean are proper boyfriends, your mother has not lost her sanity, you are living here, because you both are going to KU and wanted to practice living together before renting that apartment on campus.”
“So,” Balthazar finally said, as if he’d spent the whole time trying to work out what to say, “tell me about this place you’re in.”
They kissed, soft and sweet in contrast to the way their bodies were still mostly hard, and breathed together on the bed for a long moment.
Coming up next in Chapter 7: Battle Symphony, Dean and Cas try to retrace their steps to find another Leviathan Blossom, and Dean makes an impulsive choice in the heat of the moment.
Swallowing harshly, Dean jerked his gaze back up to Castiel’s face, finding his eyes resting on Dean with a tiny grin.
“Did you find anything?” Dean asked, shuffling closer and rearranging his legs so that he could drop his feet over the edge of the mattress, Castiel sat between his thighs.
“This is okay?” Dean asked softly, shifting his lightly trailing touches to slightly firmer ones, still gentle but definitely stroking by then, rubbing delicately at the warm, oily patch of skin.
“If you’re trying to tell me that AC/DC is catchier than Sir Mix-a-Lot, Dean, then you’re going to be wrong.”
Spinning quickly, Castiel yanked and pulled, jogging up the pathetic excuse for a platform to try and dislodge his eighty-dollar, reversible, Lululemon mat from between the surprisingly determined doors. As the train picked up speed, Castiel was forced to let go. He could only watch as the mat finally succumbed to the pressure of the closing doors. It
The smell of burning wood and paint and plastic made Dean dizzy and nauseated. Castiel had gone still in his arms, his coughing weaker, and Dean wished he’d thought to grab the sheet after all, or bring some wet towels with him to wrap the merman with—they had a pile of them waiting, but they were in the Impala with Sam.
That done, Castiel went straight back to the side of the bed with a bottle of water from the tiny fridge in the corner.
Flushed, Castiel nodded. “Yes, us. I wasn’t sure if—well, we haven’t talked much about what either of us want, and I wasn’t sure if the phrase would be—”
“No, Cas. There’s a ritual. Sam and me—we’ve been working on this a while. Figuring out how to give you your magic back. Give you your freedom back, really, more than you have now.”
For a moment Dean regarded Castiel with pursed lips, his eyes thoughtful. Then he picked up his beer bottle once more and used it to point at Castiel. “You know what—that makes sense. You’ve spent all this time focused on the farm, on working your ass off to make this inn so you can be successful. You haven’t given Kansas time to woo you!”
Castiel’s eyes remained on the tabletop, taking a lot of interest in the Solomon Islands. “Thank you, brother,” he said quietly. He sounded sheepish and just…
Thank you so much for taking the time to read and comment! I love responding to you an seeing what you think. If you are so inclined, you can find me
Claire’s brow crinkled in question, and her dark-purple painted lips parted, so Castiel went ahead before she asked.
Fighting a smile, Dean pushed his chair away from the table reluctantly. The world was cruel, making him choose between hanging out with his favorite dorky interpreter and
Shuffling the plans to the side so that Dean wouldn’t put his bucket on top of them, Castiel ran his hands across the smooth, thin paper. “These are the plans for the theoretical graywater recycling system that I had put together for the first eco-inn I that I pitched to my employer back in San Francisco. It was a similar size to here, so I’m hoping we can just adapt it.”
The sun shifts overhead and the shadows move. Dean blinks against the slowly growing gloom as the light hits elsewhere, raising his hand to rub the pads of his fingers across his eyes.
To his right, another man—person—thing—sat. Blond. More wiry of form than the first, but less muscled.
Their eyes remained locked after Castiel’s hands dropped to his lap, and Dean made a study of the gentle color that highlighted Castiel’s cheekbones. Finally, after far too long of a minute, Castiel dropped his eyes away, the color growing.
“Dean, glad you could make it,” Ed greeted, remembering to turn toward Dean without any prompting. He reached out and shook Dean’s hand briefly before offering him a beer.
For a moment there was nothing but silence between them, and the quiet, sexy music seemed to get louder. Sensing that Dean needed a little more convincing, Castiel tilted his head, trying to catch his eyes.
“You really think that? That you’re somehow ‘bad’ at dating?” Dean raised an eyebrow, more curious than anything.
“Fuck, Sir…” Dean mumbled down into the end of the bench, his eyes squeezed tightly shut with tears pricking at them after a particularly sharp smack. “Feels so good, Sir.”
“Dean,” Castiel said again, his gravelly voice edged with frustration. “I never thought, for even a moment, that you would want to be that for me. Not just because my vessel is male, but simply that you never gave any indication that—that—” Castiel faltered, his frustration falling into uncertainty.
He settled himself on the other half of the bed to Dean, then reached out, touching Dean’s shoulder lightly.
When Castiel had returned and had seen how pale and relieved Dean was to have him back, he’d vowed never to do it again. No matter the purpose.
“She did make up with her brother,” Sam said with uncertainty. “She even gave you a reward in the end.”
Dean smirked, and Castiel grinned sheepishly back for just a moment before he slid the orange underwear down past his ass. Dean took over then, hooking his fingers into the thick elastic at the waist and pulling them slowly down Castiel’s thighs. For a moment they caught on Castiel’s eager erection, before giving in to inevitability and releasing it to smack against his abdomen.
The statement sent Dean’s body into revolt, and it was all he could do not to throw the scales back at the beautiful, sad merman. It was such a horrid concept, having your autonomy stripped away to the point where…where…
Dean gave a self-depreciating grin at that. “Yeah, well. Given plenty of massages in my time. Most of the women I’ve been with loved a good massage. Some of the men, too.”
Dean smiled, appreciating his little brother’s love even more for it not being said directly. Obviously, he couldn’t let the chick flick moment go on, though. “Yeah, well, your signing sucks ass,” he said.
He thanked her and tipped well, especially as she’d brought a plastic shell with two crisp apple pastries as an apology for her incorrect assumption. Dean smiled and told her it was fine, then headed out the door.
Dean shuffled up closer to Cas, his knees near the angel’s thigh. “They’re beautiful, Cas,” he said honestly.
Castiel still had his shirt on, open and pooling at each side of him on the black leather sectional. His chest was flushed red, and one gorgeously muscled shoulder was exposed. His hair was already fucked, sticking up in thick tufts above his forehead. His lips were parted, highlighting how pink they were, and his darkened gaze was locked completely on Dean.
he’d almost said, before catching himself at the last moment. “You’re my best friend. I remember stuff.”
“I asked HR if he’d confirmed, and they said he was definitely coming. Might be running a bit late though, apparently his plane only got in early this morning.”
By the time he returned to his wobbly plastic chair and retrieved his paperwork and chained-up pen, Dean was feeling calmer and more resigned. There was no need to make this harder, he knew that.
He knew he probably sounded like an idiot, to Castiel. Dean didn’t speak mer—human vocal cords weren’t really cut out for the intricacies of it, of the way notes became words and the key of the song could change everything. So, he just did his best. Dean had just memorized exactly what Sam had told him, the same two lines with one slight variation in tone, over and over.
Dean’s preferences, but he didn’t exactly sit around and chat about them with a guy he thought of like an uncle or a surrogate father.
Dean coiled his tongue around Castiel’s thumb within his mouth, showing off a little, sucking on it with a happy hum. At Castiel’s resulting smile, Dean smirked coyly around him and pressed his taste buds into the ridges of Castiel’s fingerprint. His skin tasted salty and warm.
“Don’t think I won’t punch you because you’re a girl,” Dean said, narrowing his eyes. “I believe in equality, Jo, and I happen to know you hit harder than me.”
Rolling his eyes, Dean leaned across to bump his shoulder into Castiel’s as he took the shell from him. “Thanks, Cas,” he says softly, running a thumb over the smooth, hard slope that curled into the shell’s interior. “It’s really pretty. It’ll look great with the rest.”
Earl just kept walking as if it was totally normal. “Werewolf,” he said casually. “Very frisky, that one, despite the sedation.”
“Genuine nineteen-hundreds brass tap you’ve got there,” the man said, reaching forward to grasp the broken one that Castiel still held, pulling it from his fingers. “Absolute beauty, she’ll clean up real nice.”
When Castiel reached the back of the bench, Dean felt the single hand that had been touching him become two, one on each of his hips. Castiel wasn’t holding tight, rather his fingers shifted gently over the hem of Dean’s panties, as if he was considering his next move; Dean wished he could look back over his shoulder and check, but he hadn’t been given permission to move or look. So he stayed still, eyes squeezed shut, enjoying the sensation of hands that weren’t his own—for a long time, Impact had been the only place where Dean had felt that. It was just easier.
Folding his arms across his chest as he leaned back on one of the rickety countertops, taking in the pretty gift and the freshly painted door he could see through the arched doorway that led to the kitchen.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed, reaching to add more lube to his own fingers before he slid them down between his legs. He lay down on the pillows, spreading his legs further and pulling up his knees, Castiel still between his feet. “Just go slow, okay?”
was as big as several cities, but even so, the amount of space the Nest took up was mind-boggling. At the very top, incredibly easy to miss, there was a small break in the pattern of eggs.
“Well, what did you expect?” Dean butted in. “You just didn’t show up, dude—you could have texted me, or said something last night?”
at his job. He just wasn’t feeling it. His proposition was flawless, he’d worked on it for years, but this meeting, or this client, or…something was off lately. He had that itch, the one beneath his skin that his mee-maw had always told him would lead to nothin’ but trouble.
He wasn’t going to be like those other people, the ones who took things from Castiel that he had no interest in giving.
“Yeah,” Dean continued, “Cas told me all about that. About how not a single one of you even replied to him, didn’t even say goodbye or offer him any comfort. You knew—you knew what was happening to him!”
Dean hoped the dude wasn’t afraid of mice or anything, but he didn’t expect the low, rumbling chuckle that fell from Castiel’s lips.
“You can’t talk about classy drinking habits anyway,” Dean pointed out as he watched Castiel scan the shelves. “You drank half a bottle of cheap tequila the last time we were here.”
“I know that!” Dean grumbled, dropping his head back to the heel of his hand. “I know that’s probably gonna bring other issues, too, even if we can sort this out. He’s probably kind of a mess still, sexually. Even if he says he feels safe with me, who knows what that’d bring up for him? I mean, I don’t know if we’ll ever be able to—”
Reaching down, Dean scooped his arms down beneath Castiel’s armpits and hauled, bracing his legs to drag the warm, damp merman up out of the tub. Castiel didn’t fight him, but damn, he was heavy.
The keys jangled as Dean hurried. Some of them were simple and were easy to match to a lock. Others bore strange symbols, like Castiel’s had, and didn’t resemble the cheap brass numbers that had been screwed, uneven and dull, to the center of each door. So, Dean tried every one of them, staying calm, and carefully keeping track of how long it would take Sam to finish pouring the last of the gas around the building.
He could have got off just like that, just with Castiel pressed up to him, praising Dean’s mouth with his tongue, moving against him.
If he was very quickly starting to wish Castiel was more than that then, well, that was his business.
“Sammy I-”, until he was stopped by the woman who spoke up, “Look Sam is right, you’re being way too secretive about this, so I will just say it. Your brother contacted us on a way to get somebody out of the Empty.”
Sam smiled in relief, his brother’s approval was everything he could have hoped for. “Thank you Dean. Anyways so I looked into the case a bit more and I see potential here but you do know there hasn’t been a report of them doing something violent since 1958. I mean there’s not even a report of a secret hide out or identification of members over the years. What if they are just hunters trying to outlive their old family members' reputations? I mean we had to. It isn't like the Men of Letters were such saints.”
“Don’t worry about that, I got it covered. Let’s roll.” Sam let out a small laugh at seeing his brother so excited, although he definitely knew something was off. Dean wasn’t being fully honest about something, he just couldn’t put his finger on it.
And even after John died, Dean didn’t feel allowed to be himself. Even after meeting Charlie, Jesse and Caesar he just couldn’t accept it for himself, but Cas… His feelings for Cas had always been there.  He just never thought he was permitted to have them.
He drove Baby into a parking spot near the house and took Miracle out of the car. Miracle looked a bit confused but walked along with him curiously. Upon reaching Max’s house, he knocked on the door and it was opened by her.
He looked up from Miracle when he heard Sam walking down the hallway. It was probably a good time to start making breakfast. To be honest he was starving and he wasn’t going to let Sam ruin his breakfast with all of his vegan stuff. He wanted bacon and eggs not some rabbit food that his brother would obviously be eating regardless of what Dean cooked.
He could fake it certainly but he had been doing that for years now hadn’t he. What was it that Frank had once said, oh yes ‘Decide to be fine until the end of the week. Make yourself smile, because you're alive and that's your job. Then do it again the next week.’
Sam was already sitting at a table in the kitchen having some salad on his plate. Dean rolled his eyes at him and walked over to the fridge in order to start baking some bacon. After looking after it for a few minutes he turned around to Sam who was  finishing up his plate. “So how are you and Eileen doing?” Sam started looking at him “Huh?”
The Empty started smirking, “So this is where it finally ends.” they then snapped their fingers and Dean felt himself fall into a dream like state.
“Promise me, Sam…” Sam slowly nodded as if his voice had completely disappeared, Dean brought their foreheads together. “I want you to know that I love you so much.”
He patted Miracle on the head and stood up to leave. He looked at Max once again “Thank you for wanting to take care of him.” She nodded at him and smiled.
Something shifted in Cas’s face, almost realising that this wasn’t right, but before either one of them could say anything, the scenery changed again. This time it was a place that Dean did recognise.
“It’s not like that, I promise. They said to me that if I woke you up and convinced you to give up your Grace that we would be allowed to leave without consequences.” Cas looked at him with distrust.
He carefully put the clock off and started to rub the sleep out of his eyes. He noticed his door slowly opening and in came walking Miracle who jumped on his bed to wish him good morning. Dean started hugging Miracle, this creature had given him so much joy for the short time he had been in his life. He was glad to have that again after what happened with-
And then Cas had confessed and it all came crashing down on him. He loved him so much and he never even got to tell him. But if he got him back he wouldn’t hesitate.
Dean would always put Sam first, he had his entire life and he wouldn’t stop now, but Cas provided Dean with something else to live for. He hadn’t realised what it was for a very long time, but when he realised it, it hit hard. Cas offered Dean unconditional love and Dean sometimes felt like he gave Cas nothing in return.
“Don’t worry about it Cas. Chuck has been dealt with.” Calm set in on Cas’s face. “I’m glad you’re back.” Sam said as he moved to hug Cas.
When Olivia was about 4, Sam had made a comment about Dean and Cas not being married yet which prompted Dean to pop the question. Cas had of course said yes and they married soon afterwards.
“Hey” Dean said whilst giving her a small wave. Max looked him up and down and saw Miracle standing besides him. She immediately got on her knees and started petting him on the head. “Look at what a cutie, you are”
“Simple, I send you into Castiel’s mind and you have to wake him up and convince him to give up his grace. If that happens, I will allow you both to leave without any consequences. If you fail to wake him up, you leave alone and you or anyone of your little friends will never be able to return here. Either way works for me and I will finally be able to sleep again.” The Empty sighed and looked pleased with themselves.
Dean’s voice broke as he was speaking and Sam’s face became more and more saddened by Dean’s speech. He thought that after Chuck after everything they could finally be happy, but Dean’s apparent happiness up until now was clearly faked because Dean couldn’t be truly happy without Cas.
Miracle had walked up to them and immediately started jumping at Dean for his attention, even after all these years he still recognised him. Jack got pulled into a hug by Cas and later by Sam as well. Dean apologised to Jack about the way he used to treat him and Eileen watched their little family reunite with joy.
Dean looked at her questioningly and was about to say something but Meg interrupted. “Before you’re about to ask me whether or not I am Meg, I am not. Hi, the Empty, not so nice to meet you. Let me guess, you’re here for your boyfriend.”
He started Baby up and put on one of his cassettes, ‘Carry On My Wayward Son’ started playing loudly through the Impala, “Man, I love this song.” Dean said which earned him a laugh from both Cas and Sam.
And so with the song still playing and the sound of laughter and joy erupting throughout the Impala. The boys drove out into the sunset looking forward to adventures yet to come.
Dean meanwhile was processing the proposal… So either he got Cas back unharmed, but human or he would be forced to be seperated from Cas for forever. The answer would seem so obvious, but would Cas be okay with being human.
Dean looked at him with a sympathetic glance. “Look Sam, I’m sorry but I knew you wouldn’t let me go alone and I’m not sure you would’ve come with me if you knew the truth.”
Sam continued to look at Dean with eyes that were seemingly a bit afraid of Dean’s reaction, all the while Dean was looking at Sam as if his mind was somewhere else completely. “Dude, did you hear anything I just said?”
One night Cas had confronted Dean before they went to bed. Dean slowly but surely broke down and told Cas that Miracle felt like one of the last things he had that reminded him of Jack and that he missed him so badly. Cas  had never asked whether or not Dean meant missing Jack or Miracle that night but he had a feeling both options were correct.
Cas had given Dean a hug and said "You know, that ‘all dogs go to heaven’ statement that parents put out to calm their children is in fact true. Animals are innocent and don't deserve the cruelty forced upon them, most go off to a special part of heaven for animals only. However I have a feeling Miracle will be waiting for us."
The Empty smiled and let out a small laugh “You’re a human, I’m older than time, what could you possibly do to me?”
Outside of the barn it had started raining. The brothers however didn’t seem to grant the sound of the raindrops much attention as they were too caught up in the conversation.
He remembered John scoffing at some gay couples, he and Dean had seen at a bar one time. John had turned to him and had said “Son, watch out for those people over there. They might just try to give you some unwanted attention.” That and many more homophobic comments caused Dean to shut down any attraction he might have felt towards another man.
Dean’s face lost colour a bit, no he couldn’t have Sam figure it out… he quickly improvised and said “Look Sammy I don’t know what it is, but I really feel like these people are real trouble. Please just trust me, we’ll go there, see if anything is out of the ordinary like we always do and if not then booya, E.T goes home.”
Dean rolled his eyes and said “No, I have something here. How do you even manage to get him to shut up. Last time I saw him, he was still talking about his master plan like crazy.”
Dean opened his mouth as if to say something but once again the woman interrupted “I can once again explain to ease it for your brother. You see back in the 50s, our organisations worked closely together, the Men of Letters were our allies. They studied monsters and creatures while we studied the afterlife. To make it easier for us to keep in contact Cuthbert Sinclair created a spell that would send letters to us in an instant, the predecessor of texting you might say.”
“You know that really doesn’t clear anything up, how did you even know how to contact them Dean and once again why didn’t you just tell me?” Sam fully turned towards Dean but Dean seemed to have his full concentration on the woman.
Later on in their life they got another child. A son this time, Eileen had asked whether or not Sam wanted to name him after his father but Sam refused. He had a better name in mind, Henry after his grandfather and Garth to return the favour of Garth naming his child after him.
“I’m using this as a point. Don’t worry.” she said irritated. Sam suddenly became very aware that they had not taken any weapons with them inside. If this woman was about to betray them they would have no way of defending themselves. Sam put his body in a defensive state just in case.
At first Dean thought he had gone blind, all he could see was black, everywhere he turned, everywhere he looked it was just black nothingness. The only reassurance he had was that he was still able to see himself.
Yes, it had been a stupid mistake that Cas made but Dean understood why he had made it. He thought he was protecting Heaven and Earth and most of all his family. Dean could relate to that. He had forgiven Cas for all of this a long time ago.
Dean was about to open his mouth but Max beat him to it “This is Miracle. Stacy and I promised we would take care of him if they would go hunting monsters.”
Dean and Sam both seemed to recognise him, as their faces paled. Sam cleared the silence first “U..Uriel?” The angel just gave them a dirty look and remained silent.
She walked around a bit while talking, clearly uncomfortable with staying in one place for too long. Dean couldn’t blame her, she probably thought that there was a strong possibility that this was a trap and that he would do something that would harm her.
“Chuck, we have to stop Chuck. Where is Jack, did… did he not make it?” Cas looked extremely panicked and Dean couldn’t blame him, it wasn’t like they had had time to play catch up. He was about to answer but Sam was quicker.
Charlie, Olivia and Henry always had a lot of fun together. Charlie and Olivia often teased Henry about being the youngest but Henry would find ways to get back at them and so it always ended up in laughter.
Dean’s favourite moments over the years were the weekly family dinners they had together, Sam, Eileen, Cas, Charlie, Olivia, Henry, himself and sometimes Claire or Jody or Garth came together and just ate together whilst telling each other about that week’s events.
Dean started walking with Miracle to the garage and then started up Baby to go to the town. His mind was rushing full of thoughts, so he may have sort of lied to Sam about the case. There was in fact a group of occultists active in Ohio but they hadn’t harmed anyone since the 50s. They sounded more like the old Men of Letters rather than actual evil satanic cult stuff.
“Yeh, yeh I’m fine, by the way did you find a case? Because I think I might have found one. It appears to be some supernatural occultists that have been haunting Ohio for a while now. There were several attacks back in the day and they are apparently making a return.”
Dean shrugged “Sure let me just look up where I found it all.” He quietly walked over to the table where he had dropped his phone when he first walked in. After a few google searches, he showed Sam some websites where he could read up on the case. Dean grabbed a little bit of bacon and shoved it towards Miracle who was happily wagging his tail.
“Dean, what the hell? We promised we wouldn’t hide anything anymore, you know with Chuck no longer controlling us. I thought we were over this. The constant lying, hell I was so confident that we were over this that I was honest with you about wanting to retire with Eileen even though I was scared of your reaction. Tricking me to come here is insane!” Sam said in an angered tone
Something like realisation seemed to hit Cas, “Dean, you shouldn’t be here. The Empty… it’s not a space safe for humans. You have to go protect yourself.”
“No Sam, this is not a matter of we. I am going to do this alone. I have to be the one to fix this.” He looked at Sam more determined than ever. Like he was not about to put himself into mortal danger in order to save somebody else.
A few seconds passed and nothing happened. They were still sitting there in the emptiness, “Come on! I did what you asked, you need to keep your end of the deal!” Dean swore he could hear a defeated sigh coming from the endless darkness.
Cas…… poor Cas. He sacrificed himself for Dean, all because he loved him. Dean couldn’t believe it. An angel of the lord who fell in love with the righteous man. He could have never imagined an angel being capable of even feeling love, especially not for him.
Charlie Maura Winchester-Leahy grew up knowing off the Supernatural world but wasn’t forced to hunt, Sam would never force that upon his child as it had been forced upon him and Dean.
He paused and looked at Dean once again, as if he hoped that an unsaid apology would flow between them. “She said that after the werewolves, only vampires are left and that she will be done really soon. She talked to me about retiring and said she wants to settle down with someone… that someone being me and don’t worry this isn’t a definite answer and I’ll give it more thought but I think I would like that too.”
“I see you have met before, well whatever, all you need to do is say this spell whilst holding out a piece of an angel or a demon before you, it can be a part of them or something that belonged to them. Blood is the preferable option” She walked over to Dean and handed him a paper with a spell.
She continued speaking “But when the Men of Letters were slaughtered in 1958, we decided to stop with everything, we went into hiding and decided to only continue once we knew that there was no direct threat. We continued a year later, but now we did it more calmly, no  more hurting people just for a bit of research, and since then we’ve kept quiet. We don’t want any attention from anyone, no hunters, no monsters and especially no Men of Letters.”
“Before Cas died, he told me something. In order to summon the Empty, he had to have true happiness. He had made a deal with the Empty in order to save Jack, that it would only come for him when he was truly happy.  He told me that happiness wasn’t in the having and that it was in just being and saying it and then… he told me he loved me.”
Dean gave them a suspicious look, the Empty was not to be trusted, their own agenda was the only thing that they cared about, but… if this was truly a way to get Cas back then maybe he should hear them out. “What does this proposal entail?”
Sam saw on Dean’s face that he was becoming tired of hearing her talk. “Alright that makes sense, but I still don’t get it why he came to you for a fa-”
Max started blushing, she was completely smitten with Stacy. Dean saw what was happening and handed Miracle over to Max. “So take good care of him. He doesn’t require much and if you don’t have enough dog food, I brought some with me.” Max made a motion that showed that it wasn’t necessary.
“You amuse me, Dean Winchester, even if you managed to kill me, what do you think would happen to this place? With me gone, there is no Empty for angels and demons to go. Your precious Castiel would disappear forever too.” they laughed and looked at Dean with amusement that came from seeing him struggle.
Dean suddenly stopped and yelled “Alright, you all can come out now we don’t have any weapons. Let’s settle this.”, Sam gave him a ‘what the hell are you doing’ glance and started looking around as well.
Dean carefully let go of Cas’s hand so Cas could return Sam’s hug. “Thank you Sam, however that still doesn’t explain where Jack is.”
Suddenly a noise behind him caused him to turn around, sitting there upon a chair was Meg. She looked at him with annoyance and sighed. “Again, just when I thought I was finally going to get rest one of you screws it up, again.”
When he saw Dean come in, he pointed towards the seat across from him as if ordering Dean to sit down. He walked over to the table and carefully took a seat whilst Sam was giving him one of his ‘We need to talk’ looks.
“You would be right, had it been under different circumstances. You see the thing that connects Heaven, Hell, Purgatory and the Empty is Death. When they are gone, it becomes a lot easier to come in those spaces, because nobody is defending the gate. We freed Uriel over here just after you killed the first Death. When the second Death arose we were unable to get in again, but we have it on good authority that they are killed as well. So now the gateway should be open freely.”
‘There is no braver action in life than allowing yourself to love’ he thought to himself. He softly smiled, who would have thought that Cas would have made him such a poet. He looked out of the window and saw that he was quickly approaching Max’s house.
They also both decided to stay in the bunker, Cas said that leaving it alone would increase the risk of somebody finding it and doing something evil with the ancient power the bunker contained. Dean had agreed on one condition, to make the bunker a permanent open place where young hunters could come if they had nowhere else to go.
“I’m in a hospital. Best place I can be, and I promised I’d stay. You’ve got stuff to do, Bobby. I know you do.”
Castiel turned his head, nuzzling his face into Dean’s and pressing his gummy, sharp grin into Dean’s cheek. “I love you, too. I love you, I love you.”
“You can call me Cas,” Castiel said. The guy’s small smile warmed his serious face, but instead of feeling reassuring, the offered nickname just made Dean feel even more certain he hadn’t said it right.
The direct flight to Cancún was just over three and a half hours, and Dean spent the entirety of it asleep on Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel thought that it was pretty funny that Dean was so aerophobic that his doctor prescribed medicine to knock him out every time he flew, given how much of his life he must’ve spent on airplanes. Because he was a good boyfriend, he didn’t tease him, though. He just let Dean drool a wet patch on his shoulder. And maybe took a photo or two. Which possibly, maybe, somehow got sent to Sam, who was already in Cancún with his botanist wife, awaiting Dean and Castiel’s arrival.
“Hey,” Dean said quietly, slowing his hands and drifting them back up to his shoulder blades, trailing and stroking through the silky oil. “Can you try and meet me in the middle here, buddy? I’m trying to help but you’re not sharing.”
“Well, gotta say, the fighting isn’t working out so well for you,” Dean noted dryly. “Might be time to stick to milk runs and take up drinking and fucking.”
Dean couldn’t really argue with that, no matter how much he wanted to. He looked over at Castiel, who was still busy looking pissed. “Well, fine. But I get the top bunk at least.”
Dean nodded, shaking his head in amusement before he signed, “He was an asshole. Ended up endangering an employee. It’s a long story.”
“I have to try,” Dean said. All of the anger drained out of him, and he was ready to get down on his knees and beg if it would’ve helped. “Please. I have to try.”
The low vibrations of Robert Plant’s deep voice through the Impala’s speakers kept Dean company until he reached the campus. Occasionally he’d wonder and long to know what the music
“No—no, I can’t.” Dean doesn’t mean to echo Sam’s earlier words back to him, but they come to mind and they’re all he has. “I can’t let myself go there right now, I’ll lose my mind.”
Castiel stumbled headlong back toward Dean, his weight swinging forward as he threw himself away from falling into the dangerous hole behind him. He crashed onward, smacking into Dean and sending them both tumbling to the floor.
Castiel nodded, reaching over Dean gently to the spot in question. “Some of the drugs will do that. You’ve got massive amounts of painkillers and cell-regeneration meds running through you right now.”
Dean stuck his head around the edge of the row of shelves, giving Castiel a grin. “Let’s try this again: Good morning.”
Dean reached down and kicked his legs, pushing the pants down and ditching them off the side of the bed. For good measure, he sent his boxers down after them.
