John chuckled "Nah, we don't need to keep anyone chained up. You just basically stay where you are and suffer until you are done. Then you are just gone. Imagine the hassle we would have if we had to chain and unchain everyone who came through our doors. Do you even know how many people die each day?"
Lightning quick John had pulled of his clothes and stepped under the shower. Military had taught him to be efficient and with that he only needed a fraction of the ten minutes he had. Still, he fussed quite badly about his clothes and the state of his flat. It was slightly maddening because John had no idea why he cared about all this. In the end, he had straightened out his small flat a little and decided to not bother with socks. Hopefully, it would look casual enough to hide John’s nervousness.
John snorted, “I hadn’t seen you a single time prior to the night I stumbled into your flat. I have been here for quite some duration already so believe me: It is entirely possible for our paths to not cross.”
At first Sherlock wanted to protest but strangely he felt his body already relaxing back into the embrace and just went with it, his head resting on the doctor’s shoulder. To his surprise he felt calm. Calm and content and weirdly happy.
John only knew his little comment had hit home when he heard the hurried shuffling of papers and quick steps behind him, the other student suddenly popping up in stride next to him.
“Just let go” John hummed, pressing his lips against Sherlock’s neck as he tightened his grip more on the upstroke.
"Not really" Lestrade shook his head "I hoped you could tell us more. These are coming too quickly now. Even we can't ignore it anymore."
“Hey” she nudged him gently “Is that Sherlock Holmes?” Her head nodded towards the front of the cafeteria where a ring of students had formed around an imposing figure.
I'm sorry that this has taken so long. I'm also changing my original upload strategy a little because I have so little time at the moment that waiting for me to finish writing all of Act 3 before posting just doesn't feel right anymore. So here you go, it's a bit more of this story and I'm trying to work through this and finally finish it. I haven't given up yet, it's just gotten quite hard.
He heard him talk but couldn’t understand the topic or find out whom he was talking to. He simply waited for him to come back. He hoped he didn’t have to leave now. Greg really wanted him to stay for a while longer. He wanted to have dinner with him and he also wanted to grope him some more.
But not for long. It could have been only a few seconds because soon enough he felt being fucked again. He got shoved against the bed and tried to relax. But it wasn't possible. He cried and sobbed and almost lost his mind.
He decided it was time for a drink. He opened the bottle with wine and poured whiskey into two tumblers. Then he waited for him to come out.
Mycroft put the harness back on but this time used a stuffed gag and a cover for his mouth. He threw him on the bed and Greg was surprised at how strong he was. He surely didn’t look like it.
Again, John gently pushed the swing and Sherlock, helplessly groaning, swung a circle. John was pleased with himself.
A few weeks later John had moved in and occupied the upstairs room of Sherlock’s flat. Sherlock was happy and so was John. They didn’t want to talk about love or such but they felt great in each other’s presence. They had great sex and John wasn’t even limping anymore. He even had started to blog for real. He wrote about Sherlock’s cases and Sherlock enjoyed being praised like that.
“Not at all. You are my mate. I am your mate. Nobody gets between us.” Sherlock just smiled. Greg returned with the next round and placed one glass in front of Sherlock. He almost snatched it out of his hands and sniffed it first. Then he got nudged by John who looked pointedly at Greg.
“You smell delicious, your limping will fade away as soon as you are living with me, I don’t care about your scars and I can’t wait to have you beneath me.” John was dumbstruck and somehow even in awe. He knew he wanted to stay and he also knew he liked that guy. Otherwise he wouldn’t have come here tonight. The fact that Sherlock Holmes was a vampire left aside, this might work out. So, he let out his breath and calmly said:
Sherlock never saw the stainless-steel room again or even the people who handled him there. John bought him and never mentioned any sum of money. Sherlock was as happy as one could be in his situation.
He pulled back the blanket and sat against the headrest. He was covered all the way up to his chest and pulled up his long legs. He always did that. He had never done before John but he did it now simply because he could.
“Sounds great. I’d like that bath now. With you. Together.” They looked at each other and Sherlock just smiled a bit dumb.
“Anyway. Thanks for listening to me, John. See you soon!” They hung up and John exhaled. He wondered if it could work between Greg and Mycroft as it did for him and Sherlock. He very much hoped so because Mycroft deserved someone to love. Just like Sherlock.
He walked faster and faster. He ran upstairs and pushed open the door into their flat. He dropped his jacket and got out of his shoes while walking. He quickly entered the bedroom and found him fast asleep. He was still naked. He also was restless. He was actually having a nightmare.
“I wondered about your job description. I mean, yesterday while we were riding, you looked like a pro. You could keep up with him.”
“Of course, he has. I am his dom, his owner, his Master. I probably made a mistake by giving him pleasure but I found I needed to calm him. He is so very useful to me. He is intelligent and beautiful...” There John stopped talking. Ian smiled and it soon turned into a grin.
“I exaggerated again. I am awfully sorry. Please, forgive me. Again. John, please? John?” But John didn't react at all. Sherlock became really worried. What was he supposed to do?
“Yes?” He called out still not being used to his privacy. But it was Greg who opened the door holding his work-bag under his arm.
“But you didn’t say anything.” Sherlock stated the obvious. Meaning, something was gnawing inside him.
“Exactly. Get your weapon and a torch. We are checking the shrubs.” Sherlock grinned. He was happy. John finished his fries on his way back to their car. He checked his gun and got the torches. Sherlock impatiently waited running small circles into the dirty ground.
“He always said everything had to be beaten into me. That I can't behave properly. That I am worthless and had to be shown my place.” He slowly shook his head.
“I left him behind. He has to cope sooner or later. I offered to take him here but he didn’t want to come.” Sherlock waved a
God, this was John. He wasn’t stupid. He got the concept and now he was acting after it. He tried how far he could go.
“You will dress up nicely. She will love you in your suit. I will make up your hair. You will serve tiny sandwiches for tea. Then you will either undress her or shove up her skirt and service her. Make her orgasm, best make her come twice. Lick her clean and rearrange her clothes. Bring her something to read and start on dinner. She ordered a simple pie, so it shouldn't take too long. All the things you need are already here. After dinner you will clean the table and take her to bed. You will fuck her. She will fuck you with an electric strap-on. You will show her how much you like it. Are we quite clear?” His dom asked very seriously.
“Get up, bitch!” The Russian yelled and Sherlock tried to get up. He ended up on all fours breathing hard.
“Yes, personal. He wanted you to stay. He even came by partly because you were here. The fact that I was just fine, had been reported back to him already. You were his reason to come by.”
“Please?” John nodded and pulled him along. Lestrade stared after them. Had he just heard the magic word coming from Sherlock directed at John?
“Bastard!” Greg exclaimed. Mycroft bit into the place where neck met shoulder and elicited a surprised shriek. He grinned when Greg’s glass fell into the water.
Sherlock actually filled his plate, too, since she had cooked one of his favourites. He even had a smile on his face. And even Mycroft ate. He had something different but obviously, this woman knew how to make the Holmes boys eat.
Slowly, he walked over to the sofa and sat down. He actually wanted tea but John was still at work and therefore there was no tea to be had.
“Yet I didn’t. Perhaps, I simply felt that I was close to losing it. Losing myself. My life. And I grabbed the very last chance for survival.” Sherlock shrugged filling a bowl and taking the chopsticks. John followed him with something in his bowl he couldn’t identify but what smelled excellent over to the sofa. They settled and started to eat.
“I am afraid this will take a bit longer to heal. You need to rest to get well soon.” He looked at him.
Every move now made him ache and hurt but all the pain concentrated in his cock. He was constantly aroused but couldn’t come. It rolled in waves over him again and again and he was almost dizzy.
“God, John. You really have no idea, haven’t you?” Greg shook his head. “You are the scariest dom I have ever met. It’s not the way you move, it’s your aura or whatever you call it. I am only partly affected since I am a switch but I can feel it strongly. And I never have said anything because I know you, John. You are also the most private person I have ever met and would have gone away.”
Suddenly his head jerked up and he turned to the door. The next second it was opened and a tall blond entered. The hair was cropped short and shaved in the neck. He was muscled and wore black cargo trousers, an olive-green t-shirt and combat boots. He looked at James and smiled.
“There is nothing and no one under your bed. I made sure of it. You are safe here. You are here with me. Mrs Hudson is downstairs. You can do what you want. If you need the bathroom, you will get up and go right there.”
“Very good. You have plugged yourself and used a cock-ring. You are such a good pet. Now, lean against the post.” John wanted to tie him to it but first took the cuffs off. Then he raised a brow and had a closer look at both his wrists and ankles.
“It is very nice. I like it. When Greg brings back some things of …, of mine, it will be just fine.” They looked at each other and suddenly Sherlock started to yawn. Quickly he covered his mouth.
John lowered his body towards him and now his eyes widened. He was scared which was good. He dragged him into the cage and closed it. He wasn't bound, gagged, or even plugged. He was just naked, bloody, dirty, hungry, and thirsty.
He knocked on the door and soon they heard the thumping moves from behind it. John opened and looked at them. He recognised the DI from the investigation but he hadn’t seen the other man yet. His eyes rested on him a bit longer. What a fucking beauty …
„It's late in the afternoon already. Let's finish this and I will comfort you, OK?“ Sherlock pecked a kiss on John's cheek.
John looked at Sherlock from above and just let him do this. For the first time, he didn’t want to fuck his face like a maniac. He understood that Sherlock wanted to touch him and his body language had shown his disappointment when he tied him up. He did not complain though.
“No, I was working until dark. I haven’t noticed how much time had passed. I am sorry. I should have missed you earlier.” He cast his eyes.
“Yes, I did.” Sherlock was a little bit irritated by that. Why wasn’t he afraid at least a bit? He tightened his grip a bit more and felt John widen his stance. The same moment John turned in his arms, rammed his elbow into his gut and threw him over his shoulder.
“Very well. I’ll be on my way.” Mycroft hung up and exhaled. Then he stilled. What had Gregory called him?
“What? Are you serious? Your brother sent his spooks, had them pick me out of the crowd and escort me outside. What could I have done?” Greg spread his arms and became loud.
“Don’t be picky, mate. Eat!” Greg handed him an empty plate. He sighed again but chose some beef and fries. He devoured the beef first and ate a few fries. But he got up and took a second piece of beef. Greg was pleased with it. The man needed energy. John would praise him and it would give him even more energy.
Then Sherlock switched the dildo on. It started to vibrate and rotate over his prostate at once. It switched from slow to quick and had several patterns that drove John mad in seconds. Sherlock just watched him shake and tremble.
“I want to see it come, pet.” John only gave the one order but Sherlock had nothing in his arse and he wasn't touched either. But he had been taught how to trigger himself and please his Masters and Mistresses.
“I am fed up. I want revenge. So, I thought of taking Moran somewhere nice and cosy. Keep him for several days and drive Moriarty into a frenzy.” Mycroft very thinly smiled.
“I understand. We can look at some collars online but you have to come along and try them on. It has to fit and sit snug on your beautiful swan-like neck.” Sherlock beamed at him and nodded.
Sherlock woke very sudden when his dream came to an abrupt halt. He had dreamt he was back in Baker Street and everything was back to normal. But then it wasn't. Under his bed, there lurked a monster. He was convinced of it.
“I'd have to hit you.” Sherlock chuckled. John wouldn’t ever hurt him. He kept holding him down while John still tried to get up but Sherlock was stronger than anticipated.
“I am sorry, Master.” He whispered and held back the tears. John palmed his face and his thumb moved over his cheekbone.
“Well, it’s obviously not fine. Please, John? Look at me.” He made a step forward and only then John turned around.
“If you want me to read this 38-page-document, could you please light a fire and make me a cuppa?” Sherlock looked dumbstruck but after some seconds he had built a fire and rummaged through the little kitchen. John could hear him switch on an electric kettle and the clinking of a porcelain mug. Sherlock brought him the mug and said:
He quietly sighed and went through his bathroom routine. He checked the time and decided to call Mycroft from his office at the hospital. He could perhaps meet him after work. But should he tell Sherlock? Why shouldn’t he? If he kept it a secret, Sherlock would be full of doubts again in case he found out. No, he needed to tell him.
“At first you didn’t realise how aroused I was but when you did, you started to play a bit by forcing my arm back, by pulling my hair and everything you did was perfect. But you never let me come and I was so hard for you, so hard.” Here Sherlock stopped and licked his lips.
“No, I will call him and explain it to him. Why I need him to go and see John.” Mycroft made an inviting gesture and Sherlock got his mobile.
Sherlock was hitting on his arm. There were little flames and John’s eyes widened. He grabbed him and pulled him towards the sink.
John showered for quite a long time and dressed in his sweatpants and tee. Barefoot he sat in his armchair and poured a drink. He started to think about the things that had happened.
Sherlock upped the ante and put clamps on John’s nipples. He started to pant and hiss but didn’t stop him. The clamps were connected by a chain and Sherlock kept pulling it while looking at John’s erection.
“Only if you eat the wrong things.” They looked into each other’s eyes and John lifted his head. Sherlock didn’t move but his lips stood a bit open.
“I would like to eat something. I haven’t only prepared a cake for you; I also made some snacks. And a pie. So, if you like?” Mycroft slowly nodded.
Mycroft waved over to their detail and they kept going. Greg wondered if he could switch some music on but didn’t find anything that looked remotely like a display or anything.
“A drink would be nice, thanks.” Sherlock stood up and gracefully walked over to the well-stocked bar. He poured two drinks and handed him his tumbler.
“Ow, John. No need to shout. I’m right here. I came back up to get my phone. Are you nearly ready? We should’ve been on the road ten minutes ago!”
John let the door to the clinic slam, a squat building that had been shoddily built in the aftermath of the war to help assuage the seemingly nonstop waves of injury and disease in a country whose entire infrastructure had crumbled to bits. Only the extremely wealthy had been able to move away, to the mostly-safe countryside or out of the UK altogether. The middle class had scrambled —were scrambling still— to scrape together what minimal resources they could in order to rebuild their lives in the devastating aftermath of a city torn to bits by bombs and political discourse. The result was a heaving mass of once-comfortable middle class living off of crumbs. And the poor… they were barely clinging to life. Orphans wandered the streets, dirty and hungry. Tent cities popped up on the side of the streets or on the barren stretches of trodden dirt that had once been beautiful parks. Buildings that had survived the worst of the bomb attacks were left standing, sometimes in barely operational states of disarray, their occupants too poor or wounded or no longer living to continue to maintain them.
The song ended and another person took the “stage”. This time, it was one of the Yarders, someone from a different division that John didn’t know well, but recognised. She began a very giggly rendition of
in this very moment than to marry you, John Watson. Will you— would you like that too?” The words were still difficult, made more difficult yet again by the emotion tightening his throat. John nodded, pressing his lips together in a losing effort to contain his own evident emotions.
He couldn’t stop grinning, watching his favourite madman sing his heart out, his voice straining with the effort as he reached the final crescendo.
“Ya know, when you said you played the violin… you made it sound like a bad thing.” John mused aloud and Sherlock didn’t even have to turn around to know that John would have that ridiculous half-smile on his face, the one he seemed to reserve only for when Sherlock was being particularly…
“Out. You’ve got the day off. Go for a walk or something. I dunno, have a curry. But leave this one to... us.” He caught himself just in time before he said “the professionals”. Sherlock was sensitive about that, he’d discovered. Didn’t need another lecture.
“Molly’s invited us to her house for dinner tonight. Real casual, she said. She’s even got a new boyfriend! Said she tried texting you a few days ago, but when you didn’t answer, she thought to try me. Dunno why she didn’t just text me first. I told her we could be there by half-six, if we hurry. It’s already after five. I’m just going to pop into the shower and — Sherlock. Have you heard a single word I’ve said?”
John nodded, squinting into the midday sun as he looked around. “Yeah, she’d love that, I think. We need to get her that bigger pushchair first though. She’s outgrown this one.” They’d walked past the zoo entrance a few times on their occasional trips to the park with Rosie, but John hadn’t ever been inside. “She’d love those big Galapagos tortoises.”
Sherlock thought a moment, his eyes narrowing as he mentally flipped through his hefty catalogue of concertos, waltzes, and sonatas before finally arriving at Kreisler.
“One more and then home?” He asked quietly, his eyes shining green in the odd fluorescent lighting. John sat up straighter in his chair.
John nodded again and followed Sherlock down the stairs, slipping out of the building by way of an emergency exit staircase. Sherlock was right. This wasn’t their problem. Though it niggled him a bit, he couldn’t be bothered with more than that, his body flooded with overwhelming relief over Sherlock’s safety. He reached down as they jogged away from the building to find a cab and found Sherlock’s hand, giving it a quick squeeze. Sherlock returned the gesture.
To his credit, Anderson left the room with nothing more than a sniff, though Greg was certain he heard some muttering as the man walked down the corridor to the guest bedroom. He couldn’t blame him, though he didn’t feel an ounce of pity. Sherlock had always been particularly scathing towards the weaselly man and while Lestrade couldn’t say that the man deserved it, he definitely thought it. Anderson was a right prat.
"With the... war? The collapse of the nation?" Greg sighed, bending to pull his tablet from his bag. "Anderson is a terrible assistant because he's not an assistant at all, Sherlock!  He’s a forensics specialist and you’d do well to remember that.”
John finally got a glimpse of the singer, but even a double-triple check didn’t quite convince him that what he was seeing was real.
At the top of the stairs, he skidded to a stop at the sound of a female’s voice. He forced himself to take a deep breath, reaching around to retrieve his gun from his waistband. It wouldn’t do to get himself killed before he even found Sherlock. He flattened himself against the wall, risking a quick glance around the doorjamb. What he saw set his pulsing racing again. A woman stood with a gun in her hand, pointed at the ground, a pair of black trousers and men’s black leather shoes all John could see of the victim. The woman was clad in all black and had a balaclava pulled up to her forehead.
“John, I love you.” Those words slipped out naturally, effortlessly, and finally Sherlock was able to breathe properly again. He could do this. He fought criminals regularly. He’d leapt from a building and survived. This was his John. John nodded, the crease of his forehead softening.
Sherlock glanced around, waiting for someone to acknowledge this directive. The newest Sergeant, Detective Gregson, nodded and ducked into the dark of the staircase, his phone already raised to his ear. Sherlock gave a quick nod and continued, the corners of his mouth tipping up in a smile. John watched with an equally anticipatory smile.
John returned, walking slowly, his tongue peeking out of the corner of his mouth as he concentrated on the text he was typing. He didn’t answer.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and nodded. “Yes, John. I know what a birthday entails. I think it would be… good. For us, I mean. To be… social.” He grimaced, already sure he was going to regret this. He set Rosie on the floor, handing her a block from the bin. “Text me the details. We just need to find someone to watch Rosie. I’ll hurry home. And I’ll even keep on this shirt.”
“Oh? We’ll see about that.” Sherlock’s voice had the same cool edge to it that it always did, but John noticed the way his eyes lit up. After so many years working together, John knew Sherlock could count on Greg to come through on the “good” cases; the ones with a puzzle that let Sherlock show off his brilliant mind and leave others dizzy in his wake. “Where?”
Lestrade frowned, the lines of his forehead deepening. “But what about the security guard? You don’t honestly think he slipped, do you?”
The words were a comforting sight to his weary eyes. When he’d left his session earlier in the evening, Mary had been waiting for him outside the door, armed with a hammer and a litany of scathing words. When she’d exhausted them all, she slammed out of the house, making the thin walls rattle. He hadn’t bothered to reply, simply limped into their sorry excuse for a kitchen, slammed a dinged aluminium pot onto the hob and dumped in a can of beans, yelling to their eldest to keep an eye on it and to feed the rest of the ruffians. The two-year-old had watched him with serious eyes, her face dirty and sticky. He’d scowled at her and ripped a hard bit off the skint end of the bread, tossing the rest onto the scratched surface of the table. It wobbled from the impact.
“I remember there was a bit of a fork, and I believe we must take a left…” Sherlock murmured to himself, flicking the map on his phone with one finger.
Sherlock didn’t answer, so John left him there spluttering and slipped into the loo, the smile never leaving his face.
Sherlock folded his arms across his chest, turning his head to stare out the window at the blurring buildings, seeing none of it. Not exactly a drive in the countryside, but even this would’ve been remarkably more fun with John by his side. When was the last time they took a case out of the city limits of London? Sherlock couldn’t recall.
He drove around the side of the house, following a narrowing road. This side of the house was clearly newer, rebuilt after the fire, though Sherlock could see that at the very bottom, the stone foundation was still intact. He shielded his eyes against the late afternoon sun as it burst over the roof. Robert unlocked a door, using a key from a large keyring. On it, Sherlock could see a variety of old skeleton keys as well, which he inquired about.
He propped his head on his fist against the window and was just barely conscious enough to notice Sherlock’s hand reach over and flick on the car’s radio. The soft classical music and the hypnotic whirr of tyres on pavement lulled him the rest of the way to sleep in no time at all.
With a sharp nod in her direction, John spun on his heel and strode out of the tent, counting silently in his head. He hadn’t even made it to thirty before quick footsteps sounded behind him. He grinned and slowed his pace. The rumble of heavy artillery had given way to thunder, low and still far out on the horizon, with only the occasional accompanying flash of lightning. He ignored it.
John, that’s a disaster. You mustn’t let her go to school like that, she’ll be teased! You go get the door, I’ll fix up Rosie’s hair.”
“It’s just up here… yeah, go to the left at the fork. Right there. And then I think… yeah, okay. You’ve got it now.” John's voice was subdued, and he didn't say anything else until they arrived at their destination, the primitive and quaint Cross Key's Inn exactly how he remembered it.
Sherlock smiled.  “I didn’t hurry, I just didn’t feel like getting changed.”  He stepped forward, and then let out a yelp as he collapsed to the ground.
As if reading his mind, Sherlock’s expression turned mulish.  “Come to gloat some more over the case?  The Bloody Guardsman,” he said it with a sneer.
.  John quickly secured the new position by encircling his legs around Sherlock’s waist.  John knew Sherlock had muscles from all his dance training, but even so this was an impressive display of strength. His admiration was soon forgotten as he was lost in the sensation of Sherlock’s erection grinding into his.
True to Irene’s word, John didn’t have to dance.  He did have to do choreographed movements, like backing away with Sherlock stalking towards him, then reversing their moves with John advancing on him as he backed away.  The general idea of the story, similar to the song, is that Sherlock wanted to have him and was trying to get his attention, and John’s reaction alternated between amusement, irritation, desire, and flirting.
Sherlock huffed out a laugh.  “Christ, you really are able to read me well.”  He rubbed his hand over the back of his neck. “I’m used to sex being a game.  But after what happened this afternoon…I know it’s not anymore.  And it’s left me feeling wrong-footed.  I guess I hoped I could restore a little confidence if I went through the same motions, like it was a typical hook up.”  He winced.  “Bloody hell, John.  That was a stupid thing to do, wasn’t it?  You’re
John put his hand over Sherlock’s to still it.  “Please, I don’t want this to be over yet.  I need you inside me,” he gasped, and Sherlock shuddered as if feeling the words ripple through his whole body.
John grasped Sherlock’s shoulders, his expression pleading.  “Sherlock, please don’t freak out.  We can still be just friends if that’s all you want.  I only told you because I’ve been going through the same torment, and now we can
Bill clapped him on the back.  “We’re gonna score big on the field, and then later you’re gonna score even bigger.  I saw Holmes out there watching you.  Tonight’s the night, Captain.”
John huffed out a laugh, but the room suddenly felt too small.  He gave a short nod, then grabbed his bag and attempted a nonchalant retreat.
There were also moments not on the mattress when they were dancing around the room, and the way they moved in sync it was like their bodies were made to be together.  On the one hand John admired the talent of both the dancers and Irene’s choreography – overall it was quite stunning.  On the other hand, he felt the same way that Greg had looked moments ago, his insides squirming in discomfort.
Sherlock’s eyes sparkled.  “I left it at home, John.  We’re not ready for that yet.  It can keep until we’re more established.”
Most of the time it was a question resolved over text, but sometimes when the problem was too complicated for text, they met up at the lab.
want the friendship as well as sex.  But I want even more than that.  I want…”  John felt a flush of heat travel up his neck.  “I want to take you out for a romantic dinner and then make you a fry up the next morning. I want to cuddle as we watch Bond movies.  Get a victory kiss from you after my matches. And speaking of rugby, I want to be able to tell the other blokes on the team that whatever they did with you in the past is
Fortunately for this part of the scene, Irene didn’t want him wet anymore.  It would be harder to do multiple takes if John kept getting Sherlock’s shirt wet.  It was a mixed blessing, though.  The sharp sting of cold from the moisture cooling his skin had helped a little with his arousal.
Sherlock gave him a startled look.  “Are you saying you want to do this?  I would have thought you’d be massively uncomfortable with it.”
was.  He laughed, giddy with happiness.  He grabbed the lapels of Sherlock’s jacket and pulled him in for a kiss, something he’d been dying to do since the moment they parted a few hours ago.
John felt rather boneless when Sherlock scooped his arms around him and pulled him back into an upright position, embracing him.  John wrapped his own arms around Sherlock’s neck, burying his face into the crook.  He trembled as Sherlock stroked his hand up and down his back, a myriad of emotions coursing through him.  Everything had happened so fast.  One minute they were wrapping up the most sexually frustrating shoot of this entire project, the next minute they were practically devouring each other.
When Sherlock’s shirt was off and tossed over a chair, he stepped towards John.  John decided to continue teasing him, as it seemed to be working so far.  He stepped out of Sherlock’s reach, inching back towards the bed, working the zipper of his jeans down as he did so.  John bit his lip, gazing mischievously at Sherlock.  Sherlock stared back at him, his eyes gleaming his approval.
John stood in front of his wardrobe for far too long before he caved and went to get Molly.  Even knowing it would invite more chatter, he needed her opinion on what to wear.  After much hemming and hawing, she decided that Sherlock wouldn’t appreciate anything fancy and would prefer John to look like John.
Before John could respond, Sherlock backed away from the wall, still holding John up.  He sidled over to one of the benches and lifted his leg to swing it over so that he was straddling it, and then gently sat them both down.  The way John’s legs were still around Sherlock, their cocks were aligned and rubbing through their sweatpants.
Irene shook her head.  “No… I think I understand it a lot better now.  Thank you for answering my questions.”  She gave him a contemplative look.  “I wonder…will Sherlock be able to deduce that you’re demi?”
Irene smirked.  “Fine, but make sure to soak his hair so that water dribbles down, it’s more erotic.”
small probability.  Or we’ll have casual sex and I’ll finally know what all the fuss is about.  I’m willing to take on either outcome.”
Indeed, the door flung open before he had a chance to knock.  Sherlock’s expression was bemused.  “John?”
John felt sick.  Sherlock told his story in dispassionate tones, but he was far too cold to be as numb as he tried to appear.  “Yeah, well that bloke sounds like the wanker to me.”
John pushed away from his laptop and stood up.  He felt a little dizzy, as if he were Sherlock coming out of a long trip into his mind palace.
John realised after awhile what it was.  Everything was too new and fragile to be talking so much about it.  If he had to do it over, he would have kept his mouth shut and waited until things had progressed and solidified before sharing.  As it was, John was feeling more and more agitated, alternating between wondering if it was even real and worried that he was going to fuck things up with Sherlock.
“I like what you’re wearing as well.  I remember the first time I saw you in it. I figured you were on the pull.”  John raised his eyebrows, seeking confirmation.
They headed down the stairs and made their way over to the bland-looking estate car.  Irene raised an eyebrow at it.  John supposed it didn’t look like the typical car a uni student would have.  Especially not in London.  “Erm…it was the family car.  Mum gave it to me when I graduated and then bought herself something sporty.  I was thinking about selling it now that I’m here.”
John silently cursed his big mouth.  “I don’t…I don’t know yet what I’m agreeing to.  How exactly does this work, Irene, if I don’t have to dance as you say?”
Sherlock pretended to sleep. He heard John leave his bedroom and then move around. He was on the phone and didn’t leave for work.
“You may call me Mycroft, John. And yes, I would like to have a mug, please. Thank you.” John cleared his throat and nodded. Then he prepared the blood for him and added cinnamon. He placed it on a shiny tray he found in the kitchen and carried it over placing it beside Mycroft on the table. That close to him, he felt the similarity to Sherlock. It was some sort of scent, chemistry, or whatnot.
John and Sherlock slept in front of the fireplace and didn’t wake until the evening. John only woke when he wanted to turn and hit his head on the stones.
He also wanted to know if he had talked to Lestrade. That was what he wanted to find out when meeting him. Moreover, he had to tell him about John and last night. He would happily talk about it.
“Now move, pet. You are my pet-crab.” He cruelly laughed while Sherlock shoved himself over the hardwood. His elbows and knees hurt but he was used to it. It could always be worse.
But Sherlock wanted a reaction, any reaction. He got out a cane. He smacked it on his cheek and elicited a rather nice shriek of surprise. A beautiful welt formed on his bum and he hit the other one, too, just for good measure. Then he took off the humbler and once hit his balls making him scream. He checked on his fingers but they weren't crossed.
“I haven't expected this, I admit. I was scared you would go away. Leave me. But now I can see how much you care about me. I still don't understand why.” He shook his head but kept talking.
Soon enough the door to the library was opened by the slave. Her hair was in disarray, her dress was torn and her face was bruised.
“Call an ambulance. Get your brother to send a helicopter. Do something!” Greg suddenly yelled at him and Sherlock woke.
“You have to adjust again. Are you up for a game tonight?” John looked at him and kept sipping his tea. Then he nodded.
“You are not fully concentrated on me and my wonderful cock. You keep thinking too much. And you know how I hate it, you being absent while being on duty for your Master. Perhaps you need a reminder?” Sherlock was close to tears and didn't reply.
“You accept that kind of behaviour from your pet? What sorry kind of a dom are you?” She whispered the last words but Sherlock had heard them. He became beetle red but bit back a horrid reply when looking at John. He just dashed by and disappeared into the building looking for Lestrade.
He arrived at Mycroft's place and wondered what he would find inside. He entered the building and hung up his jacket. He at once got rid of his shoes and padded along.
Moran dangled from the ceiling to which he was chained to. He was stripped except for his denims. His feet were a few inches above the ground.
“Will do.” John quietly replied. Dr Marlov stayed behind and waved goodbye when Sherlock left with Greg.
“Gregory? What's wrong? Gregory?” But there was no response coming back. He was gone. He let go of him and sat up. He was hard again and looked at his neglected prick. He sighed and palmed himself for minutes until he came again. He shot most of his cum on Greg's lifeless body. Then he sighed and stood to take a shower. All naked he walked into the kitchen afterwards and filled a mug with the special. He found a microwave and heated it up to body temperature. He walked through Gregory's flat and had a closer look while sipping his blood. He stopped in front of a framed picture showing two babies.
“Much better.” He pulled up the blanket over his body and stood to face the brothers. What he saw was somehow breath-taking.
“Forgive me, please, Master.” He whispered and disappeared into the bath to empty and clean the bottle. John didn't acknowledge him when he returned to his side but Sherlock spoke anyway.
His hands lifted up her skirt and shoved it over her hips. She wore a laced string and he reached between her legs. He had large hands and long fingers. He cupped her vulva at first and used some pressure. She pressed back against his hand and moaned some more.
“Exactly. No words at all. I was confused at first, too. I had to make myself clear. Quite often. But in the end, I succeeded.”
“Have a good time, Mycroft. Laters!” Sherlock called out and closed the door. He looked at his watch and found that it was almost time for John to come home. He hadn’t texted so he should be on time.
He might have no idea about sex but he knew how to achieve what he wanted. He had noticed John looking at him.
“Mycroft gave me this a few years after I was made. He clearly expected me to find a suitable mate sooner. Well, I had to polish it but here we go. This will be your collar. As I promised, you only have to wear it inside.” John looked up and Sherlock showed him the box. It was black leather with silver engraving and the buckle looked like solid silver. It had one ring at the front. It looked more like jewellery than anything else. John bowed his head. Sherlock made a hitched noise and dropped the box. Then he stepped up to John and put the collar around his neck. He buckled it so it was still a bit lose. John looked down and saw he was aroused as hell. Fuck.
When he entered the place after his most trusted men, the Russians were all kneeling in a row on the dirty ground. Their mouths were taped over and until now they showed no signs of fear.
“Women spread their legs. Men lift their behinds, Sherlock.” The brothers stared at each other. John kept staring.
Suddenly he snatched his bony wrist and pulled him close. His arm was pulled up behind him and his body pressed against the man's. Sherlock tried to kick and bite but he only laughed. His free arm wildly moved when the man's lips closed over his mouth and his tongue invaded him. He fucked him with his tongue. He bit him and groped his behind. Sherlock felt his arousal.
„Of course, I am coming home with you.“ Sherlock smiled, too. And if Lestrade wouldn't have known it better, he would have thought it was a goofy smile on both their faces.
He switched off the dildo and carefully pulled it out. He just threw it to the side and took off the rope around John’s cock and balls. John groaned loudly behind his gag and his teeth bit into it. Hard.
He checked his wrists but they were fine. He saw his pout and disappointment and decided to talk about the issue right away.
“Yes, I could pull a rope through them and pull you after me or I could connect it to both your collar and your cock, straining them. I also could bind your body to the door again but then I could hang some weights on your cock and testicles. And if you don’t like devices to be put into your pretty behind, I might use some vegetables or fruits? I might also try some force-feeding if you don’t manage your meals.”
“I am pleased now. You made it. You are still the best cock-slut I ever had.” He circled him several times.
John looked forward to coming home. Since he had moved in with Sherlock Holmes a few months ago, he felt so much better. He had a wonderful home in central London and he enjoyed coming home to someone. Even if it was Sherlock Holmes.
“For instance, there is a plug. It is just thick and big and does nothing. It just fills me out and is just the right amount of too much to make it uncomfortable. There also is a metal device you hook into the nostrils. It gets attached to a head harness or whatever. I hate it. It hurts in a bad way and makes me cry.” John hummed.
John didn’t mind because he started to enjoy the game. It was new and until now, everything that Sherlock had suggested, turned out to be fantastic. He had presented all the necessary toys and John had agreed to try them, use them on Sherlock.
Upstairs they showered and changed and met again in the kitchen where by now a cook stood. Both men stopped and looked at each other. Then John cleared his throat and the woman turned around.
Suddenly his head was hit by a piece of meat. It fell down on his scrubs and smudged it. Sherlock didn't move or even picked it up. He suppressed any reaction.
Greg picked up Mycroft's uniform and laid it out for him. He was still loaded with energy and wondered if he could help with something.
“Listen, Gregory. I don’t care about fancy cutlery and such. I do care about you. With you, I would drink directly from the bottle. It is important that you are there with me. Nothing more, just there.” He spoke seriously and the words made Greg look into his eyes. Mycroft found they were wet with tears and he simply pulled him into his arms.
“Yes, that hurts, doesn’t it? It needs to be pulled out; you see? Or you will get a nasty infection. You know, I know everything about infected wounds.” The man muttered something and tried to push John’s hands away but he was too weak.
“Oooh! I want to go! Yes, Dad. I finished my homework. It was just maths. Boring. Can I have more milk?”
With a sigh, John watched as the lovely arse hurried away, shooting an apprehensive look at the monster in the wedding dress before she disappeared round the corner.
“God, you’re really gonna just… leave? Looking like this?” He murmured against Sherlock’s lips. “N’fair.”
Sherlock slid onto his knees, next to where John was sitting and playing with Rosie. Her pudgy hands were busy pulling each toy out of her toy bin, dropping them on the floor one at a time from her tottering stance, and shouting ‘uh oh!’. The game had been a favourite lately. Thankfully, ‘clean up everything and put it back in the bin’ was still an equally favourite game. He snuck a kiss to the top of her head while she was distracted.
“... it was in my hair, even! Do you know how hard that is to get out? I didn’t even know we had skunks in London! I thought they were like, one of those… umm… myth— no— urban legends!”
His pulse thundered in his ears as he reached the landing and paused to catch his breath, listening. John’s door was nearly closed, a tiny scrap of light leaking from the crack onto the even darker landing.
Sherlock shrugged, moving to the door. “These magnate types have a high suicide rate and understandably so. No mystery here whatsoever. John? Good evening, Lestrade, we’ll be on our way. Have something more interesting for me next time you call, would you?”
“Excellent!” He scowled at his hands. “I need to wash the oil off my hands and we have a little girl to put to bed. Coming, John?”
John nodded and Sherlock was on his feet, prowling around the enclosure, but not before John caught the hint of reddening on his ears. Two years, they’d been sleeping together, co-parents and partners in every sense, and Sherlock was still so easy to rile up. John grinned to himself as he pulled out his notebook, jotting down notes as he examined the body.
if we don’t leave in the next four minutes. I’ll leave your hair just like this, so help me… Sherlock?
John nudged Sherlock with his shoulder, lifting his own glass. Sherlock followed suit and the quartet all clinked glasses.
John laughed at that. After all these years, he couldn’t believe there were things about Sherlock that still surprised him, and yet. Sherlock was a Queen fan. Who knew?
It wasn’t even ten, but John was yawning, his limbs heavy now. Sherlock squeezed his shoulder and gave him a tiny smile.
He stretched his neck and shook out his arms before lifting the instrument to his chin and beginning to play.
Sherlock did not answer, turning his back on the softly smiling sun at the center of his universe and walking to the window, glaring down at all the happy people.
With that, he was gone, leaving Sherlock standing in a sparsely furnished room. There was a plain wooden rolltop desk in one corner, and a pair of mismatched easy chairs in the other. A lamp wobbled precariously next to a bookshelf stuffed overfull with books. Sherlock went to the bookshelf first, running a finger over the shelf at eye height. His finger came away with a layer of dust.
“Is it something worth driving all the way to Birmingham — oh for God’s sake. Grab the paper, Ro. Yes, I know it was an accident. But you should’ve asked for help if you couldn’t reach. It’s alright. Go finish your spaghetti. No more bread.”
“Don’t say? I grew up in an old home near Birmingham. Quite the sprawling place, from my recollection as well. Plenty of corridors for me to run in.” Sherlock patted the arms of his chairs as he pushed himself to his feet, ushering the man out onto the landing as he spoke. “Now, I must get on with my day, but leave your mobile number with me and I’ll let you know if I’ll take the case. Need to consult with my uh… assistant. If your brother does anything else interesting, like disappear, or find buried treasure with that mysterious map of his, let me know. Good morning.”
He was unprepared for the sight of John, in an old RAMC t-shirt and boxer shorts, asleep on his back in the middle of the bed. His duvet was on the floor and his sheet was tangled around his bare legs.
interrupt me.” With the resource-suckers dealt with, he’d eased himself into the bedroom and shut and locked the door. It was the only door in the house that locked and he’d claimed it as his own shortly after he and Mary had moved in, filling it with all of the equipment needed to create his virtual reality heaven. The prototype of the tech had been introduced just months before the war erupted, an immediate reaction to a country divided, stretched thin from one global disaster after another.
He played for what felt like hours, telling their story the way he best knew how. The melancholy of longing, of heartbreak, of distance before the swelling exhilaration of confession, of sentiment returned, of shared love and laughter and memories, of a life built on friendship and passion and the mutual thrill of danger. He didn’t dare look at John while he played because he knew he’d falter, lose his confidence, crumble under the hefty weight of his shared feelings.
Now come here. That bed looks awfully inviting, and I did all that clueing for looks... I know you love it when I’m brilliant.”
He shook his head and moved to the window, leaving her to the desk. The sight through the perfectly clean glass elicited another heavy sigh.
But today, he couldn’t handle any more of the sights or smells of the half-alive, barely functional survivors. The smoggy, grey sky didn't offer much in the way of fresh air, but it was less cramped at least. His day had been filled with cases of cholera, mumps, dysentery — once-eradicated diseases now making their triumphant comeback, broken bones, and a horrifically infected toenail that would most likely cause the patient —a young woman barely into adulthood— to lose her foot.  Medication was hard to come by – other countries stopped trading with Britain after the collapse of the monarchy and the abysmal living conditions of most people meant that even clean drinking water and proper nutrition were rare commodities. He couldn't do much for most of his patients other than offer some general suggestions and confirmation that it wouldn't result in immediate death. Not everyone was as lucky. He’d held a three-year-old child as he’d clung to life, struggling with every breath until he no longer had to struggle. Though it had certainly not been the first, and would not be the last death he had seen, the wails of the mother echoed still in his head, joining in with the others in a symphony of grief that haunted his every waking moment and served as a soundtrack to his dreams.
“They associated the smell with something negative, like you said. He could’ve been the one to regularly distribute the medicine? Or maybe he was just a shit zookeeper and the animals haven’t forgot yet. They say tigers have memories that rival elephants.”
Greg settled into the seat next to him and John realised he wasn’t in the usual uniform of a security guard, but a nice shirt and trousers.
No sooner had they switched places, the lovely nurse dropping to her knees to pull him out of his low-slung trousers, her hand warm and soft and —oh god, that beautiful
“‘Ello? ‘ope it’s al'ight I let meself in. Only there was such a racket, didn’t think ya could ‘ear me. One of you is Sherlock ‘olmes?
John slid his mobile out of his pocket to check the time and his messages. There had been a flurry of texts from Mycroft shortly after they’d arrived, seeming shockingly inept at the care of a toddler. Sherlock had been worried for Rosie, John could tell, but he’d handled his brother (mostly) gracefully and it had sorted itself out. Now, John can’t help being the one worrying a bit, wondering if they were getting on okay or if Rosie was spending the whole time missing her daddies.
He marched past this colourful show of depravity and turned the corner onto a much quieter street. As he walked, his surroundings morphed, losing their sheen. The sounds of people giving in to their vices gave way to the sights and sounds he had become more accustomed to as of late. Buildings crumbled, gunfire ricocheted and the bodies of collateral damage stayed where they fell. At the end of the street, he pushed his way into a makeshift tent, its canvas singed at the edges from more than one close call. He entered and took in the sight on the table in front of him: a soldier with a bloody stump where his arm had once been was writhing and screaming. John cleared his throat and the medics crowding the table snapped their heads round, their hands automatically moving to salute. John swallowed down a smile and gave a perfunctory nod.
The music poured forth, his deepest darkest secrets and desires laid bare at John’s feet. He did not look at John, though he wanted to, was desperate to, to gauge the effect that this particular piece had on John. John was not musically trained, but he was empathetic, attuned to Sherlock in a nearly supernatural way. Sherlock felt as though every errant thought he’d ever had about his flatmate and friend could be read in the shape of the notes as they filled the sitting room; the mournful
And Sherlock found that he missed John. Sure they spent most of their time in one another’s presence, but it had been a long time since they had been just John and Sherlock, rather than John-and-Sherlock, parents of Rosie or Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, consulting detectives.
Sherlock slumped further down in his train seat. His jaw ached from where he had been subconsciously clenching it, and it was giving him a headache. He wished he’d stayed home. John had reassured him that he didn’t mind if Sherlock went without him. In fact, Sherlock thought sulkily, it seemed almost as though John was pushing him out. And on their anniversary, too! Not that they’d ever been one for a big to-do and six years certainly wasn’t anything exciting in the grand scheme of things. But still.
“John. We will not be visiting any secret military bases or leading a hound hunt through any mires. We will have a… relaxing…” He said the word as though it was foreign to him. John thought it probably was the first time he’d ever said it unironically in his life. “...four days and then return to London in one piece on Monday. I do hope you’re not disappointed.” He flashed a cheeky grin, but John could see that his eyes were a bit worried. John sighed.
Sherlock pulled up the back of her shirt — the straps of her bra were twisted, the hooks clasped wonkily, only one of the three hooks attached correctly to its loop.
Maybe we could leave the mind palace spring cleaning for a few minutes and first get our daughter to school?”
Greg motioned with his hand to a table in the corner, where a group of men and women, some in police uniforms and others in plainclothes, were stripping off coats and scarves and settling in. John couldn’t hear anything over the din of chatter in the pub, but their body language was such that he could tell there was an air of joviality to their congregation.
“John, Freddie Mercury could hardly be classified as merely ‘pop culture’, since so much of his music is still easily and immediately recognisable, even decades later.” Sherlock waved his hand in the air. “He was an icon.”
“I’m no expert, but that doesn’t look like the usual BDSM-type binding. Heavy duty, industrial. Looks practical and hasty rather than any sort of safe sex play. Surely someone who worked in the industry would know the difference.”
“Mister ‘olmes. I was told you could ‘elp me. I’ve no idea where to even begin if you can’t. You see, I live in a big ‘ouse. Renovated. Passed down through generations, like, but not my family. We only just acquired it, but then pa died all the sudden and left it to me and my brother. Other night, I couldn’t sleep, thought I’d go get a snack. Must’ve been one, two in the mornin’. But the kitchen’s out on th’other side, through all these corridors. I passed my brother’s room and ‘e usually goes to bed early, likes to get up early too, says it’s good for ‘is ‘eart. But ‘e weren’t in there. Lights were off, bed still made up. I turned a corner and there ‘e was, pacing the floor, talking to ‘isself. ‘e ‘ad a piece of paper, held it in two ‘ands, like this. I didn’t get no good look at it, but it looked like ‘ow a map is usually folded up, in those tiny impossible folds. I asked ‘im, I asked ‘Nathan, what’re you doin’ out ‘ere, walking’n talking?’ I thought maybe ‘e was ‘aving one them sleepwalking spells. But ‘e acted all suspicious-like, jumping like I startled ‘im and running off without sayin’ a word to me. I forgot all ‘bout my snack and went off to ‘is room to see what ‘e was doin’, if ‘e maybe needed some ‘elp. But the door’d been locked. Next morn, didn’t say one word to me. Acting like nuffin ‘appened. But then I saw ‘im walking with that same paper on the grounds of the ‘ouse. Wouldn’t tell me nuffin, just ran away again when I tried to ask ‘im ‘bout it. It’s weird, innit, Mister ‘olmes? I think Nathan’s up to something, something
Billy flew from somewhere in the building, coming to stand behind John and Sherlock. John had already dropped his arm, but was standing close to Sherlock, their body’s touching in multiple places. Sherlock found it very distracting and prayed to the gods of gay innkeepers that these two would speed up all their squawking and just
John sat back on his heels to wait, staring at the thick wall of glass before him showing off a dazzling view of the city. He listened hard for any sign of Sherlock or the paramedics, but the building was eerily silent around him. He picked up the bloke’s wrist to take his pulse as he moaned again, his head twisting back and forth on the ground.
Sherlock was muttering to himself, crouching and running his finger along the edge of a tech-y looking cabinet. Multi-coloured lights were flashing rhythmically. He suddenly flung up a hand, whipping his head around to stare daggers at Philip Anderson, the forensics specialist assigned to the case.
He didn’t have to chase him down. As expected, Sherlock made a beeline for Greg as soon as he saw him.
John’s gaze drifted back to the table of police officers, wondering idly who her acidic comments were about. Clearly someone she disliked strongly. It didn’t take him long to figure it out. Tucked in the furthest, darkest corner, nearly too far away from the rest of the group to even be considered included in the festivities of the police officers, a man in a suit sat, rigid and uncomfortable. John watched the man discreetly while Greg told him about their latest case – something about bank-robbing clowns.
His only temporary reprieve could be found in the virtual world of the H.A.V.E.N. Like so many working-class citizens, physical needs were often second place, passed up for a few moments of solace in a world of pretend. Studies had been done to prove that people’s mood could be drastically improved, regardless of the depressing reality of their surroundings, by just a few hours a week in the simulation. Nearly every household scraped together the funds for the most basic system; a virtual reality headset that could be hooked up to any computer system. But John had splurged, justifying it because he worked hard and deserved to play hard too, on a much more elaborate, and immersive experience. The latest model included visual and audio stimulation, as well as physical and emotional, controlled through a neurotransmitter for a fully immersive experience. He set aside several hours each day for his sessions, citing that it was important for his work as a physician that he be fulfilled and stimulated.
“I thought we could both use a few days off.” Had been the only explanation. So John had packed a bag (“bring something warm for the evenings, but otherwise the climate is exactly the same”) and made sure to bring his laptop and appropriate chargers. At the last moment, he had also packed his unloaded gun, because one could just never be too sure while in the company of Sherlock Holmes. Criminals just seemed to be drawn to him like a magnet sometimes.
With well-practised movements, he navigated the crowded streets of a London that would never exist again. The pavement was clean and solid beneath his boots as he walked. He could feel the eyes of other people on him as he strode with his head held high, a purpose to his steps. All around him, brightly lit signs flashed enticing promises:
. Eyes that couldn't seem to decide if they were blue or green or... gold? Eyelashes that were either fake or had been enhanced. No person had ever been born with eyelashes that long and dark. Ditto the high cheekbones set into a long face that should have been bizarre and off-putting but was instead strangely beautiful, in an alien sort of way.
“Doctor Watson!” The inn owners shouted gleefully in unison, as though greeting a long-lost friend, rather than someone who once tried to implicate them in a crime. John gave them a nod and a wave before stomping off, presumably in search of the loo. At least, that’s where Sherlock hoped he had gone, and not tearing back off in the Land Rover like a demon hound.
Gravel crunched under the Land Rover’s tyres as Sherlock swung the car around and parked. The rain had stopped, though the lingering gloom made it nearly dark despite the official sunset still being an hour or so away. Sherlock turned off the car but did not make any move to open the car door.
He turned to wash his hands in a basin at the foot of the cot and the small crowd burst into applause, patting him on the back and giving their congratulations. The pretty nurse flashed a broad smile at him as she finished up with the patient, making him as comfortable as possible.
an assistant. I’m the brains of this operation. Surely you can’t expect me to do all the legwork too." Sherlock sat up, brushing crumbs off of his bespoke suit. "Tea?”
"No. It cannot. None of this can be arranged because I don't work for you and you don't work here and even though you are, admittedly... useful... I am not—"
Sherlock’s nostrils flared, though he maintained his composure, tipping down his chin and pulling himself up to his full height, which was not as impressive as he seemed to think. Bit over six feet, barely ten stone, he wasn’t terribly fearsome in stature. Lestrade had seen him soaked to the skin, dripping Thames water and blue from cold, and without the extra height from those riotous curls or the bulk of that great bloody coat, he looked mostly like an angry, hissing cat.
A thump overhead roused Sherlock from where he had slipped into a bit of a doze in his chair. He listened, immediately sharp and alert. A muffled yell. Silence. A grunt, as though someone had taken a punch to the gut. In the next breath, he was on his feet, taking the stairs two at a time as all manner of scenarios flooded his head: Shan’s henchmen back to finish the job, Moriarty — a memory of red sniper lights dancing on John’s torso and forehead caused him to stumble a bit on the well-worn wood of the steps — a disgruntled relative of some other criminal he’d helped put behind bars, danger, danger,
Sherlock stood, peering in puzzlement through the sliver of space he’d made. There was no one there, no intruder, no one threatening John’s life. John was sleeping peacefully, mostly.
Sherlock may be a diva and a drama queen, John thought on the excruciatingly long cab ride home, but he was
Greg rode the lift to the subfloor where his cruiser was parked. They wouldn’t need an entire team for this one. Straight forward case of domestic violence. Woman breaks up with man, man gets angry and now there’s a body and the homicide division is called in to clean up the mess. Witnesses saw the man enter the building. Friends attested to their abusive relationship. Hardly a mystery for Sherlock Holmes to waste his time with. Plus… the woman was the daughter of a parliamentarian. Sensitivity and tact were of the utmost importance with this one if they didn’t want to end up in the news again for their “unusual practices”. That hadn’t gone over well with the superintendent last time. Lestrade winced as he started the car, imagining how many ways this case could go wrong if he’d let Sherlock spew the vitriol that always seemed to be the prelude to any deduction. Offence as his best defence, he supposed.
The rest of Mycroft’s sentence was drowned out by the sound of Sherlock’s harshly screeching bow — purposefully done — and dissonant notes.
John caught up to Sherlock as he strode toward the exit at the opposite end of the park, waving to Lestrade as they passed.
“Someone at the Diogenes Club must have seen me and couldn’t wait to report it to Magnussen. Big headline, I’m sure. Must have been worth a fortune.
"Yeah I'd love some. How about you get out of my office and go make some. I have work to do. And for the last time, you can't have an assistant because you don't work here."
He pushed through the Friday evening crowd, dragging his suitcase behind him with one hand and scrolling his contact list on his phone with the other. Robert, his client, had given him his number and said to call when he arrived as he’d be waiting with a car to take them to the house.
John suddenly remembered his phone and pulled it out quickly to capture a few photos and perhaps a secret video or two, that would certainly be cherished forever, and
He sniffed, ignoring John's outstretched hand, his eyes drifting over him in a way that made John feel like he was suddenly standing in the crowded pub nude.
“Hmm? You hate when I do what? Ruin your game of hide-and-go-seek with your mobile? Or revive it from its untimely death at your hands?”
A train whistle sounded nearby, a slightly dissonant G minor chord, and his head filled suddenly with a familiar piece, one he could play from memory by the time he was a young teen. Vitali’s
“Your mobile is plugged into the charger in our bedroom. I found it in the cupboard this morning, completely dead.”
“Christ, you must be getting ill. You realise what I’ve just said? It’s a do. With people. For a birthday. A birthday do. At a pub, I think. I’d have to check. But with
“My inside contact only mentioned one guard but said she thought she could distract him enough so we could get inside.”
“It’s old. Four, five ‘undred years old. There was a fire in the east wing and the owner died. Old fella. ‘ouse got put in auction and pa got it. Kept it going by renting out rooms. But ‘e died and now my brother and me are trying to keep it afloat so it don’t go under. I’d ‘eard, back when pa was alive, through the people that came through, they talk, and they said that there’s supposedly something buried ‘ere. Said the old man never trusted a bank, never wanted to put his money nowhere, just have it with ‘im all the time. Story says he buried it on the property, but no one never found nuffin. I think that’s what Nathan’s been doing. ‘oping to find buried treasure, like a pirate or summat.”
When her body went limp beneath his and sagged against the wall, he pulled out and tucked himself back into his fatigues.
“‘ere’s the main part, where we rent out rooms for people. Nathan and me, we live in the back wing, so’s we’re not disrupting the guests. I’ll take you there.”
Gary gave him a very serious nod. “Of course, of course. But Sherlock— sorry, should I call you William? — I’m so sorry, there was a mistake, a misunderstanding with your reservation. Billy must have done. I only have you booked for one room. I’m not making that mistake again, I know you made it very clear last time that you and John were
John had been one of the beta testers for the prototype, but had scarcely got a chance to try it before he’d been recruited to the battlefield. He’d thrived on the frontlines; patching up the injured, saving lives of the severely wounded, comforting the comrades of the fallen… until a rogue bullet had ricocheted off of a nearby pile of rubble and lodged itself in his shoulder. He’d spent the remainder of the war in a rehabilitation hospital, tucked away in the countryside, safe and sound from all the action, and bored out of his mind. One of the nurses had paid him extra attention. He was lonely and depressed, with nothing to lose, and no prospect of a future, so he had followed her back to London once the all clear was given. They’d hurried to marry and start a family, dreams of hers that she feared would never be possible in the post-war dystopia. He’d gone along, mostly because he couldn’t think of anything better to do.
Greg followed his gaze, a curious smile pulling at his mouth. “C’mon, mate. Someone I want you to meet.”
“No reason not to. Floor had recently been mopped— the cleaning woman confirmed that. She mopped around half-eight, then took the lift down. Receptionist used the loo shortly after, heard a crash and found him sprawled on the floor like that. Sounds to me like an accident, no reason to think otherwise.”
“Nonsense. Like I said, we owe you both. Will change that right away for you gentlemen. Oh god, I hope that didn’t cause any tension last time, we just assumed, never should.
“All the nice girls like a soldier, they say.” He waggled his eyebrows, making her giggle. Her breasts were barely contained in the nursemaid outfit she wore; all tight and white, perfectly revealing and not at all appropriate for a medical tent in a warzone. She moved closer, her breath fanning against his cheek, her body pressing against his wantonly.
"You're a doctor. Military. Fought until you were injured. Married your nurse." The man rolled his eyes. "Charming."
The MP had been quiet thus far; Lestrade had expected him to be breathing down their necks after every move, fully anticipated having to deal with loads of bureaucratic bullshit or to enlist the help of some brute strength to politely but firmly remove the man if he got too persistent or obstructive at the crime scene. But the house was quiet thus far. In fact the entire street — tree lined and idyllic, rows of posh mansions the likes of which he only saw in circumstances such as these — was rather quiescent, despite being a Saturday afternoon. In this protected and privileged corner of the world, there were hardly any reminders of the war; absent was the destruction and hunger and poverty that still plagued the rest of the city. No, this was the upper crust. They’d recovered and recovered
John nodded and started to turn but hesitated, hooking his thumb over his shoulder. “But don’t you think we should help?”
“I wonder,” he began in a low purr, “if my favourite associate criminal would like to move this upstairs?”
Devon?! No. No nope no. I’m not going in there again.” He whirled in his seat. “You call this a sodding holiday? Revisiting the place where I almost
He couldn’t summon any interest in a session today, however. Not even the thrill of adrenaline or the promise of a hearty fuck was enough to entice him home. He found himself in front of a pub — a sturdy stone establishment that had probably survived every war since the medieval ages — and pushed through the door. The stench of unwashed males and the chemical smell from the chambers, an imitation of the old smoking barrels they used to use to make booze, assaulted his senses and he felt his shoulders immediately begin to relax. This was exactly what he needed. He’d get pissed, even if it was on the terrible synthetic crap that burned on the way down, more a memory-trigger of the real thing than a reproduction. He'd stumble home and find some H.A.V.E.N. broad to toss him off, obliterating the rest of this shit day from his short-term memory.
“You’ll have to be my dirty little secret. But I bet you go in for that sort of thing, don’t you? You like it rough and naughty.” He pressed her back against the wall as he spoke, dropping his voice to a near-growl as he dipped his head to that enticing cleavage. She tipped her head up and he lavished her neck and chest, dimly aware that the storm had stopped.
Sherlock shook his head, his eyebrows nearly at his hairline. For a self-proclaimed genius, he sure was bad at remembering things. He once told Greg he simply "deleted" unimportant information. Somehow, Greg had a hunch John Watson may be a lingering memory in that big brain of his.
Lestrade made his way over and John spent a few minutes chatting before realising that Sherlock had been gone a while. He craned his neck to see if he could see him — the crowd was thinning a bit now, the younger crowd moving on to wilder clubs and the older crowd winding down for the night. The next song cued up on the machine and someone started singing:
Sherlock was drumming his fingers impatiently on the steering wheel and was already pulling out into the sparse mid-afternoon traffic before John even had his belt on.
He raised a sardonic eyebrow, gesturing to the tulle abomination she had selected to wear. There was even a veil, billowing out behind her as she came to a halt, hands on her hips, glaring.
“Alright, Sherlock?” John was looking at him with concern, now, and Sherlock wondered how this must look, how
The man’s head was bent, dark curls blocking John’s view of his face, though he could tell that his eyes were trained on the glow of a mobile that was held tightly in his hands. His thumbs were tapping on the screen but it looked rhythmic, habitual rather than actual typing.
Despite John’s irritation, Sherlock did not stop, moving to the window and glaring out of it until he saw the black car pull away from the kerb, one particularly overbearing elder brother tucked inside.
His mind whirled, a rocket tearing itself to pieces on the launch pad, his heart rate rising rapidly despite himself. He needed a distraction, something with which to calm his inner engine and let him rest. His mind palace beckoned enticingly, but he could scarcely make it through the front hall, as it was so crammed with scraps of new information that he hadn’t had time or energy lately to organise properly. He shut the door firmly and searched for something else. Something light and mindless, something he could lose himself in and drift off for just a few hours, to rest his weary body even if he didn’t fully lose consciousness, the gnawing ache in his back and knees evidence that he was approaching forty at a rapid pace and that this lifestyle had an even more quickly approaching expiration day.
“I hate when you do that!” He called from the bedroom, but it lacked any real heat. Sherlock heard the ding as his phone was disconnected from the charger.
“I’d like to arrive before dark.” Was all the response John received. He settled back against the seat, content to let Sherlock lead the way. John didn’t know where they were going, but he found he didn’t mind much. Sherlock had asked him after work a few days prior if John could take a long weekend off from the clinic. John hadn’t questioned it, but assumed it was for a case, though they rarely ever received so much notice. It wasn’t until last night when he had asked Sherlock for the details of the case and received a blank look in return that he learned that Sherlock was taking him on a
The prototype had had a sudden resurgence in the aftermath of the war and the Hypernet Algorithmic Virtual Entertainment Network — the H.A.V.E.N for short — was born, a virtual world of pleasure and entertainment, an escape from the horrors of war-torn London.
“That’s plenty enough butter, young lady. Did you finish your homework earlier? A road trip? Where?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, his mouth forming a little amused vee. “Yes. Well. There may have been some… brotherly coercion involved.”
He sent one to Mycroft, chuckling to himself as the song ended. Sherlock’s chest was heaving, his face flushed, and his mega-watt grin could probably be seen from space. John clapped until his hands were raw, and as soon as Sherlock made his way back to the table, they wished Lestrade a happy birthday and beat a hasty retreat.
“I had some help, but yeah. Happy anniversary. You solved that impressively quickly. Always knew you were a genius. Others tried to tell me otherwise, but I always said, oh no, you must be talking about a different Sherlock, because mine is a damn ge—mmm! Well. Hello. I think I deserved that for all the hard work I put into this! Hello husband.”
"No." The man didn't even look up from his mobile as they approached. John glanced at Greg. He was smiling an odd sort of smile. Knowing.
Tearing himself away from the door and the sight of a sleeping John was difficult, but Sherlock was nudged on by a sudden idea. He took the stairs two at a time and grabbed his violin and bow from where they were resting in his open violin case. Tapping his finger against his bottom lip, he thought for a moment before sliding his violin into position under his chin and letting the first few notes of the piece fill the flat with an uplifting sweetness that he hoped would be just right to lull John back into a peaceful sleep.
Sherlock Holmes, long coat billowing behind him, was striding across the immaculate lawn, much to the chagrin of whatever officer had been securing the premise as discreetly as possible. He could hear the plainclothes’ shout and then her hurried footsteps as she chased after him.
Sherlock re-focussed, his eyes alight. “Our killer brings her body here, still bound in the ropes he used, coats her in sardine oil and tosses her in the cage, hoping the tigers would snack on her and his homicide would go unnoticed. She’s a sex worker, so he probably figured no one would miss her.”
The tone was convivial and John shifted in surprise to see an old colleague peering down at him with a hint of amusement. He slid off his bar stool and offered his hand, embarrassed that he’d nearly taken a swing at him.
John leaned back against the headrest of his chair, that same soft, small smile on his face. He looked perfectly content and Sherlock wanted to capture this moment forever. He closed his eyes, committing every detail to memory, shelved in the special room of his mind palace reserved only for John.
no one noticed or minded, as the entire crowd was now on their feet, swaying and sloppily belting out the lyrics. Sherlock looked every bit the part of the adored rock star up there on his stage - his hair was damp now, pushed back from his forehead, and his eyes were closed. The hand not holding the microphone was waving about, making swishy motions no heterosexual man could ever pull off. John didn’t think he’d ever been more in love and wondered if he looked like that emoji, the one with the heart eyes. He found that he didn’t care.
His brain stuttered to a stop at the sight in front of him as he turned. To his right was a small elegant table with carved legs and wood so shiny Sherlock thought he could probably see himself in it. It was flanked on either side with matching upholstered chairs in a tasteful gold fabric. Seated in the chair closest to him, Sherlock recognised the overlong neck hair and battered cap of Robert and across from him...
“Oi. Don’t I know, don’t I know. You too, mate? It’s just all shit lately, innit?” Greg heaved a sigh and motioned to the barstool next to John. He shifted his weight, damn leg acting up and nodded gratefully. “Yeah, unoccupied.” He held up two fingers to the greasy barkeep leering at them from across the worn wooden top.
Sherlock gave a nod, watching out of the dirty window as a massive house came into view, completely out of place nestled among a residential tree-lined area that didn’t look nearly old enough to have a four hundred year old home in its midst. Robert drove right up to the circle drive, pulling out of the way of the main area. He motioned with his hand to the impressive front of the house — mansion, really.
“I love you, too.” He yawned on the last word, his jaw cracking so loudly Sherlock could hear it from where he stood, bouncing nervously on the balls of his feet in front of the window. “I’m knackered. Think I’ll turn in. You coming?” He made to stand up and Sherlock held up his arm, the bow in his hand bouncing wildly.
“Quite right.” John could hear Sherlock’s pleased grin even as he navigated the dim staircase. They walked into the enclosure to find that the number of officers had doubled since they left — forensics and homicide experts milled about, collecting evidence and preparing to remove the body. Sherlock lifted his arm over his head and let out a sharp, attention-grabbing whistle with his other hand.
Heavy artillery thundered around him, punctuated by the sharper sound of gunfire and the panicked voice of the young private. He could feel the heat of the earth, smell the copper tang of blood, see the bright red as it poured over and between his fingers. But his hands were steady, staunching the flow as he held the soldier’s life force literally in them.
“Off exhibit. Won’t be back for a few weeks. Holiday in the Hamptons, I think I heard one say.” Lestrade grinned at his own joke and took off toward where Sherlock was crouched next to the victim, running his hands above her body without touching her, his mouth moving silently. She was dressed provocatively; short skirt, high heels, tightly-fitted top. Her wrists and ankles were bound with a heavy rope, her arms pulled behind her back. John squatted next to her and Sherlock handed him a pair of gloves.
“The smell? Yeah.” John sniffed, leaning over the woman. Her dark hair had clearly been styled, but now the top of it was plastered to the sides of her head, slick and wet with some substance that had a very slight odor. John touched a gloved finger to her skin— it slid. “She’s covered in… something.”
, I thought she meant show him a funny YouTube video, not kill him.” John whispered through clenched teeth. He was tense, his head swivelling as Sherlock crouched next to the man. “Made it look like a plausible accident though.”
To his surprise, Sherlock followed him to the lift, looking aloof but resigned. At the ground floor, he slipped out of the lift without so much as a backwards glance for Greg.
He stood, brushing debris from his trouser legs and wondering idly where Robert had gotten off to. It had been hours since he’d seen the man. A sudden thought stopped him in his tracks. What if Nathan had solved the riddle already and had planted the key in the box? The key matched the ones Sherlock had seen on Robert's key ring, the ones to the guest rooms. Sherlock took off at a run, a sudden burst of adrenaline pumping in his veins. Nathan could be waiting in the room now for his brother, perhaps even armed. Sherlock hesitated, though his steps never slowed. Maybe he should call John. He could practically hear John’s voice in his head, scolding him that charging into a strange building, armed only with a skeleton key and a dangly numbered keychain was the height of stupidity. As he ran, he swivelled his head, looking for any signs of Nathan or Robert. But the grounds were quiet, dusk settling over everything with a hushed reverence. Past the house, traffic whizzed by; people headed out to enjoy their Friday evening. Sherlock shivered as he pulled open a side door, relieved that it was unlocked. It was warm inside the house, the smells of cooking inviting. Sherlock poked his head around the door, realising he had walked into the back of the kitchen. The staff were busy preparing meals for the guests and paid him no mind.
"John Watson. The man who eviscerated you at the pub. After the Waters case." Greg chuckled again at the memory. "Oh yeah. This is gonna be good."
Sherlock shook his head and swiped quickly through his phone before holding it up to show John. His voice was low, barely above a whisper. “I recognise her. She’s the catalyst for Lady Smallwood’s blackmail. Decided to take matters into her own hands. This no longer concerns us and the paramedics will be here any moment.”
always meaning Baker Street… and John. The fingers of his left hand pressed into his thumb, the long-loved melancholy melody taking shape in his mind as he played his invisible violin. He missed his violin, hopefully still tucked safely away in its case in the sitting room, in the space between the sofa and the wall. He played himself to sleep, his face damp with tears as he slipped into unconsciousness, far far away from home.
“Recognize it?” Sherlock’s voice was close again as he squatted next to John. He slid his hands under the woman’s body, feeling around and ‘hmm-ing’ quietly to himself.
When they didn’t hear a sound, Sherlock motioned with his head for John to go first. He walked out, sliding the pistol out and clicking off the safety with practised movements. At first glance, the spacious reception area appeared to be empty, but something to John’s right caught his eye. He turned, but Sherlock was quicker, already moving toward the dark shape partially hidden by a large plant. It was a man, wearing a discreet uniform that John assumed to be security. There was a largish pool of blood around his head, and a wet floor sign propped open a metre from his feet.
John flushed and cleared his throat. It didn’t matter how many years it had been or how long they’d been partners in every sense of the word, Sherlock’s praise would always be important. But then Sherlock’s expression changed, his eyebrows raised. “Is this an admission that you have a lot of experience and/or interest in various bindings? Purely for academic reasons, surely?” His eyes had a mischievous glint to them.
“Aye, but isn’t that lovely!? A real romantic murder mystery! And I bet all the intrigue and death-defying keeps it exciting. Good on ya! Dyfal donc a dyr y garreg. A pint to celebrate and then you can go to your room. I’m sure you have a lot of catching up to do. All that time lost!”
“True. Here’s your milk, Rosie. Now finish up and put your plate in the sink. Oh, this weekend? It’s our anniversary, Sherlock. I was thinking we could do… I dunno. Something to celebrate. Six years married, I mean, it isn’t ten, but I still thought — yes, you can go watch telly for a bit. Just one show and then you need a shower. Don’t forget your dishes!”
Lestrade directed this last question at the room at large, though none of the officers milling about seemed to notice. Sherlock took the opportunity of his distraction to brush past him and enter the house.
of physical exertion and lack of proper rest, scarcely recuperating from one fight or flight for his life before the next challenge presented itself, often in the unexpected flash of a concealed blade or slip of the tongue that gave him milliseconds of decision-making time before he needed to run again, his disguise tenuous and slipping more each day, growing nearly careless in his need for respite.
“Nah, they’re fine without me for a tick. Oi, Donovan!” Greg gestured to a woman in a smart pantsuit that was making her way to the bar. She changed course and came to them instead.
John pulled away gently, the lingering taste of Sherlock warm and comfortable on his lips. It had been a chaste kiss, and it had served its purpose.
“Get to save some quid, Boss. Freak’s not drinking. Don’t know why you ever bother inviting him.” The woman replied tetchily, rolling her eyes.
Sherlock merged onto the motorway and headed southwest. They’d barely cleared the city before John’s eyelids began to droop, the extra hours of working at the clinic and on cases catching up to him. He wasn’t as young as he used to be, that was certain.
Sherlock smiled as he climbed gracefully to his feet, the soft smile he reserved especially for Rosie. “Oh yeah. ‘Toor-tah!’” He mimicked her word for turtles perfectly. It was one of the words he’d taught her, from a favourite book of theirs that he read to her frequently. He dusted his hands and tipped his head toward the tiger cage. “I believe I’ve got what I need. Shall we?” His cordiality was so at odds with their surroundings that John let out a chuckle as he fell into step beside his long-legged partner, who automatically slowed his own steps to match John’s.
John grinned at the affronted look on Sherlock’s face before he turned and sauntered away, calling cheekily over his shoulder:
"I suppose it's probably hard to find good help these days, though, what with the..." Sherlock flapped a hand vaguely.
“John,” Sherlock hesitated, and the uncharacteristicness of that pause caused John to look up from his mug, to set it none-too-gently on his side table, next to the novel he’d been trying to finish reading for at least a month. Sherlock drew in a breath, his chest and throat constricting suddenly.
Worked with his hands then. Mechanic of some sort. His hair was shaggy and even from halfway across the sitting room, Sherlock could smell the cigarette smoke that permeated his clothing.
When he awoke, it was to a dreary and wet dusk, the last vestiges of filtered spring light making the raindrops glitter on the windscreen. John sat up, rubbing his eyes blearily.
“No… it would be…” He turned, shielding his eyes and squinting, then retracing his steps. “The oak… hmmm. But if the sun was… if it was June, then… aha!”
The train slowed to a stop shortly after, rousing Sherlock from his grumpy reverie. He collected his case, glaring at it. Maybe if he solved the case quickly enough, he could catch a late train back home.
He tried to calm down. He slowly undressed and kicked his clothes into the corner. He brushed his teeth and used the loo.
“No. And yes, I am worried after what happened here yesterday and last night.” Both men had their mobiles out to use it as a torch. Suddenly Sherlock stopped.
“Now go and shower before I push you back on the bed, so I can go and make you pancakes.” He smiled and Sherlock returned that smile disappearing into the bath.
“There you are, slut. Show me how much you like me to manhandle you like this!” Sherlock almost died from pleasure. He didn’t know where to move his body. The balance between pain and pleasure was perfect. Dr John Watson was perfect. Sherlock was very much willing to forget that he had killed that Afghan sod because he wanted to be fucked by Dr Watson again. Soon.
“Mate, you have been living with Sherlock for far too long because you are behaving just as he does!” He stared him down. John’s mouth snapped shut.
“God, Myc! Stop it at once! You need to come down!” Now Greg yelled, too. Both men stared at each other. Mycroft panted but slowly his breathing became calm again and he cast his eyes. Then he saw his hand and pulled a face.
“Use your tongue, slut. Lick my prick where you can reach.” John licked for several minutes and could only breathe raggedly by now. He also felt a bit dizzy already but didn't want to give up and safeword. Finally, Sherlock placed his cock on his tongue and stilled completely. So did John. It took him a few seconds and then he came violently into his mouth. John was able to swallow some of it but most cum spilt and moved over his chin.
“Don't fall asleep. We are almost there.” Mike had to help him into the hospital where he was placed on an examination table. Anthea wanted to leave the room but Sherlock snatched her hand.
He tore his eyes open and realised that his cock was stuck in Sherlock’s mouth. His gorgeous and very talented mouth. This was definitely the best wake-up call ever.
He had managed to tear off the clamp and now his nipple pulsed with pain. But it was such a good pain and he sighed.
Sherlock moved faster and faster. John panted wildly and tore at some strands. Sherlock groaned and sucked even harder. Sometimes his teeth graced over the tender skin but it only enhanced the pleasure John felt.
“I’ll be honest then. He has been raped. His insides were torn and he has lost a lot of blood. But he will heal back to 100% capacity. Where the tracking-device was cut out of his thigh, I had to stitch him up, too. There will be a scar but there is laser treatment. He has many bruises but they will fade soon enough. He will be in a lot of pain. But he will manage.”
“Oh God, John, please don’t torture me like this. Please, please kiss me.” And then John pressed his lips on Sherlock’s and kissed him.
“Thank you...” Greg said after quite a time and leant back. His hands kept holding Sherlock though. His left was on his shoulder and the fingers of his right stroked over Sherlock's cheekbone. Sherlock smiled a bit shyly.
Sherlock hailed a cab and gave Mycroft’s address. He had texted him beforehand, of course. No one, not even Sherlock, did visit Mycroft Holmes just so.
Suddenly, Sherlock stilled and his eyes opened. He slowly turned his head and their eyes met. Ian smiled and it lightened up Sherlock’s heart. He smiled back.
“I hope you like it.” Sherlock sat down, too, and started to fill his plate. Ian tried both the beefy sauce and the pesto.
“No, need warmth. Bathroom, Greg.” John murmured and Greg sat him on the toilet's lid. He rinsed the tub and started to fill it with hot water. Then he took the blankets away and saw his tormented body. The welts were dark red and some of them had been bleeding. He was also bruised. He lifted him into the water and put a towel beneath his head. Greg waited for Sherlock to return. He could hear him talk to Mrs Hudson and finally he came inside holding a mug. Greg stood and looked him up and down.
After the take-off Mycroft got on his mobile and checked messages and typed some himself. Greg really didn't know what to do and therefore just closed his eyes.
“After dinner, slut.” John called up and Sherlock could hear him laugh. He didn't try again but waited for him. His arms and legs were cramping and the blood flow was restricted. He hurt. He always did.
“Forgive my partner but Mr Holmes gets rather irritated very quickly if people get too close to him while at work. Of course, you may be present but I advise to not disturb his lab work. I am sure somebody has already told you to work with him.” John was extremely polite and the uniform did its wonders. The woman sighed.
“Sure.” He followed him into his examination-room and undressed. He looked at both his nipples and his cock where they had been pierced.
“I was getting better and Mycroft offered to get me a flat. The only thing I had to do was to find me a flatmate. And look, John, there you are.” He turned his head to look at him. John needed some minutes to understand everything. He just hugged him.
“I had a safeword but I didn't use it. I desperately wanted to experience. And let me tell you, it was great. You were great. Wonderful. I had the best orgasm ever. But my injuries got the better of me. I am, after all, a crippled ex-soldier.”
He and Ian were almost the same height. Ian was a little bit taller even and Sherlock was able to bury his head against his neck. And he let go. He cried for minutes on Ian's shirt and soaked it wet. Ian didn't mind. He needed to let it out.
At first, he tied his wrists on his lower back. Only then he pushed the ballgag behind his teeth and buckled it tightly. Sherlock groaned. He was also hard and leaking.
“I did provoke him and see where that ended.” Sherlock sadly said poking through his bowl for more beef.
“OK, two jumpers. Let’s go.” He grabbed his jacket and walked towards the door. Sherlock hooked his finger under his collar holding him back.
Then he felt his prick between his cheeks and he straightened up. John pushed and he moaned. His back arched and his prick was held. He almost shrieked.
Greg shook his head. John had changed since he was living with Sherlock. He wasn’t shy in front of others anymore. Greg grinned.
Several days passed and John baked not only cookies but a cake, as well. Sherlock was happy and it showed. He wasn't brooding anymore and his mood was excellent.
“Come on, love, let’s explore everything!” John called out and slowly Sherlock approached. He followed John through the rooms and they found nothing to complain about.
“I see you enjoyed yourself. Nice! I will enjoy you when we are back home.” He smirked and pulled out both the plugs. Sherlock relaxed a bit. Then John also took off all the restraints and pulled him up. Sherlock couldn't but groan.
What had happened to his dom? This behaviour wasn't normal. Perhaps he was lost forever but perhaps he wasn't. Sherlock still had feelings for him, he couldn't help it.
“He still is too weak.” Moriarty grinned sitting on his armchair again like it was some sort of throne. He obviously liked that.
“Well, of course I do, Captain. I have a brain of some sort.” Sherlock snorted but it sounded rather friendly.
“Inspector, thank you for calling me. I prepared a snack. Just go upstairs and I will be right with you.”
“I really don’t want to lie to him directly but I understand the concept.” A smile was coming up and he happily took the offered drink.
“Let’s move on then.” He walked him over to the sofa and sat down. He made John kneel by his side. His head was bowed and he looked on the floor. Sherlock was pleased.
“Don't try too hard, John. Let it go for now. Try again later.” Mycroft had joined them unnoticed and John looked up.
“Oh, God!” He had never done this, never made anyone do this for him. Not even Sherlock. And now Sherlock licked over his hole making John shake and tremble. Sherlock soaked his hole and poked with his tongue until he was able to push it inside. And he started to lick John’s insides.
“Let me hear you, baby.” The man whispered into his ear. Sherlock moaned and shifted and fluttered his eyes.
John knew what kind of things Sherlock enjoyed during sex and he would give them to him. All of them.
Was he doing this to him? He tried to catch his eyes but Sherlock looked up and his eyes were closed again. But it seemed to be good so John just continued. He increased the speed and started to move his fingers over his thighs. He could feel him tremble.
“Centuries ago, I saved the life of a Lycan's princess. They owe me. The pack promised I could call in one favour and they would come and help. I think, now it's the time.” John looked at him.
“Then go and feed my brother. You might need to cook for another person though.” John raised his brow but didn’t question this. Instead he just rode home thinking about their supplies. He stopped at the nearest Tesco and bought something nice.
“I won't make you wear it outside. It's all good. Don't worry.” Greg smiled and then they left and were driven to Mycroft's town-house. Greg was in awe when the car stopped outside. This was where money lived. He drily swallowed and stayed close to him. The door was opened when Mycroft reached the door.
“Sit down and I will get it for you.” John stood and slowly walked over to the fridge. He wondered what else he could do with his blood to change his menu? He secretly wondered about jelly. Or ice-cream. He had to find out about the digesting thing.
Sherlock looked for the second set of linen napkins and found them in the back of the kitchen cupboard. But they were fine to use. He folded them nicely and placed them beside their plates. He also found a candle holder and a candle. He added it, too. He looked at everything and finally put a plant from the window sill in the middle. He was pleased with his arrangement.
“Sleep, mate. I will be outside.” John hummed and turned on his other side. Sherlock got up and donned his dressing-gown. His brother followed him glancing at John for the last time. He didn’t wake.
“You are right, of course. But I know what he needs to be able to. And you know it, too.” Mycroft said and he saw him swallow.
“No, Master.” Sherlock whispered. He really didn't want that but he also didn't want to be filmed and whored out.
“Come closer and hold me.” John asked Sherlock and he moved on his side pulling John close to his chest. He nuzzled his neck for a moment and his arm was over his waist. It was only cold for a moment until Sherlock pulled up the duvet. John took his hand and entwined their fingers. He sighed and relaxed. Two seconds later he was fast asleep.
In the meantime, Sherlock had started to brew a potion. John had started to see it like this when he did his experiments.
“Exactly! You know, I have been living under bridges for a long time until Lestrade found me. But since I am living in 221B, I don’t have to live like that anymore.”
“What did you want to tell me?” John followed him and sat in his armchair. He held the mug with both of his hands.
“I never should have told you. I knew I made a mistake; I was told it would end badly for me and others. I am so sorry, John and Greg. So sorry.” Now Greg came to his side, too.
“That's actually a very good idea.” Sherlock returned carrying the metal bin. He placed it on the terrace. Greg handed over the bottle with whiskey and Sherlock poured some over the contents. Mycroft offered his lighter and Sherlock switched it on and dropped it inside, too. The flames burst up and destroyed everything slowly and effectively. Sherlock stared into the flames and felt great.
“We can play a lot of games in here. Have a look and decide. I will join you with whatever you choose.” Ian rubbed his hands and Sherlock slowly approached the tower of discs. He rummaged through them and had finally understood that these were some sorts of video games. He had seen these things last time at boarding school but never enjoyed it. But now, with Ian, it was different. He had better stuff to play with and he wanted to try.
“So what?” Sherlock became stroppy. It clearly showed on his face. He banged the cup on the saucer and stood.
“Good evening to you too, DCI Lestrade.” She still smiled and when he didn't say or do anything, she simply stepped inside. He gaped at her and closed the door.
He once moved around him and stopped in front of him. He shoved his left foot forward and Sherlock fell on hands and knees lowering his head. He slowly and languidly licked it clean. The right foot followed right after. He fell back into position when John flipped his fingers again.
He stroked him some more and the moment John screamed and came, he bit down and sucked. John left the planet.
“Well, you are sometimes but not in situations like that. Plus, I don’t want you to go there alone. Without me. You are mine now.” John hadn’t thought about his words but when there was no reply coming from Sherlock, he looked back up.
“You have been busy.” He just said looking back up. Sherlock just shrugged and put the breakfast on a plate. One plate.
“OK, call me, Sherlock!” Lestrade left and closed the door. Sherlock closed his coat against the cold in the room. There was no heating on. He saw the machine which needed to be fed with coins to give off heat. Obviously, there wasn’t any money to feed it with. Sherlock shivered leaning against the wall with his arms crossed over his chest. He was now in a staring contest with Dr John Watson.
“It will show you all the perfect behaviour of a perfect sub.” He flipped his fingers and Sherlock at once fell on his knees. His hands folded on his nape all by himself and he lowered his gaze. The crowd moved closer around him and his dom stood by his side.
Sherlock slung his arms around him and held him tightly. John huffed against his t-shirt but hugged him back. It took him a moment until he understood Sherlock’s murmured words. He repeated them quietly over and over again and he was almost sobbing.
A few evenings before she had allowed herself to watch some porn because she wanted to be alone. Someone had recommended several new films and she had followed their advice. She thought they were just the porn she liked because it got recommended by a good friend and she just wanted to relax. That's why she was so very surprised to see Sherlock Holmes performing. She forgot everything about relaxing or anything.
“Stop, Sherlock, or I’ll come right away.” John said and tried to move his head off. But he failed and Sherlock kept sucking as if he wanted him to come. As if he wanted him to come down his throat.
“Thank you for letting me enjoy this. It was beautiful...” Sherlock replied. Their eyes met again and John's eyes were bright blue. His hand cupped Sherlock’s face and his thumb stroked his ridiculous high cheekbone.
“Well, what did I do with Ian.” Sherlock looked at the table and collected his thoughts. He told his brother about their time in the museum and what he had told Ian about his dreams. He told him about the sleeping arrangements and how he had left.
“Private hospital. You need to be checked through. Your back doesn't look good.” Normally he wouldn't agree but he didn't want to have scars.
“I am right here. You have passed out on me. Are you doing well now?” He asked and Sherlock nodded. He looked extremely pleased and John finally relaxed again. He tilted his head.
He knew how much in control of his body Sherlock normally was. Mind over matter and such. But this was extremely difficult to achieve. If he moved too much, he would hurt himself.
“Do you mind if I am reading for a minute until I can sleep?” Sherlock quietly asked and hopefully looked up at him.
“And what did you forget, slave?” The next hit his stomach. Sherlock again screamed the number and thanked him. There was blood already and surely there would be scars forming.
“Please, sit down, Sir. Someone will appear soon to accompany you into the courtroom.” Sherlock didn't look at him but replied politely.
“None of that, slut.” The mood was changing and Sherlock bit his lips. He pulled him back up and put a cock-ring around him followed by a penis-plug.
“What's going on here? It seems you are having a good time.” He dropped his bag and brought the food into the kitchen. Sherlock almost felt compelled to follow but Mrs Hudson stopped him by lifting her wrinkled hand.
Anthea parked directly in front of the stairs leading up to the entrance. Sherlock got out the moment the car had barely stopped. John and Greg followed suit and so did Anthea. She passed by Sherlock and had both her eyes and hand scanned. The door clicked open and Sherlock raised his brows looking at her.
Greg had never told him about his past as a dom, a rather strict one. That was actually why his wife had left him. It wasn't because of the many hours of police-work, the over-hours, or the danger. It was because she felt mistreated and he let her go.
John wouldn’t understand because John wasn’t interested in men. He had told Mrs Hudson when she assumed them to be a couple. Moreover, he couldn't convince her.
“Oh, I love the sight of you wanking and I didn’t forbid it, did I? I mean, we were done. So it is all fine.” John shrugged and saw him relax.
“Beg for your lives, of course. I can't have you lose everything just because of me. What happened to ...” He stopped talking and shook his head.
„Sherlock didn't understand why I reacted the way I did. He seemed to be very disappointed. He expects me to leave but I don't want to leave. Greg, I don't. But I couldn't ...“ He started to sob again.
“Well, well. Slut.” He pressed on his still confined cock. John managed to stand still in his grip but his mouth stood open and his pupils were completely dilated. Sherlock whispered:
“Very good, my lovely. Shed your dressing gown.” He placed his scarf on the bed and watched Sherlock undress. “Now lean on the chair and spread your legs. Arse up, my beautiful.” Eagerly, Sherlock obeyed because he knew what was coming up. And right he was because John shoved a plug into him. He groaned but quickly bit his lips. He wiggled his behind until John slapped him on both sides.
“Anthea is done. The crimes have been committed due to marketing and strategy. They wanted press reactions about their
“Even I could not foresee my reactions. I never experienced something like this. The possible loss of your presence in my life. I know now I have done it wrong. I understand you wanted to be told about what I had in store for you. If I had talked to you beforehand, it would have been better.”
He swallowed and finally gulped down the water he had poured only minutes ago. Completely absent-minded he walked upstairs and undressed. He used his t-shirt to clean himself and threw his sticky clothes on the floor. Then he climbed under the blankets and turned on his side closing his eyes. He deeply breathed. He could still taste Sherlock on his tongue and in his mouth. Blood, whiskey, and cigarettes.
“I think, a beating is the first thing we show our audience. Welts and bruises will look fantastic on his marble white skin. Our princess here has only dished out up to today but never taken. This will change today.” Sherlock ground his teeth. The only thing he could be sure of was they wouldn't kill him. They wanted to sell him. They needed him alive. The longer he made it, the more time Mycroft had to find him.
But what if it was just that? Should he invest more time or let it be? On the one hand, there was the relationship of the DS with the hotel manager and his relation to the management. But these people didn't have the connections to get a military assault team to storm into a hotel. Moreover, they had attacked the safe house. They had known where they had been hiding.
“May I kiss you?” Very slowly Sherlock nodded. John crept closer always being aware of not caging him in. He straightened his smaller body and moved his lips over Sherlock’s.
“Good boy!” John said and changed the cuffs to his lower back. Again, he took some hair and the middle piece and pulled hard. His arse came up and he kept fucking him wild and rough.
.” Greg nodded his OK and kept standing there while Mycroft got ropes out of his bag. He tied his wrists on his lower back and the feeling was intense. But then he bound his cock and balls, too, making him whine. It was throbbing and pulsing and he swayed on the spot. Finally, he got out a collar. It was almost the same as John's but had more engravings on it. Greg just lowered his head and Mycroft buckled it around his neck.
“Don't mention it, Mycroft. Call me any time if needed.” He took his bag and left. Security let him out.
When he reached the part of feeding and glamour, he absentmindedly scratched his neck. After ten more pages, his stomach started to rumble. He rubbed over it and finished the reading. He closed the lid and looked at Sherlock.
“Thank you...” John let go of his face and was about to get up when Sherlock just grabbed his wrist.
“Thank you.” That made him smile again. He felt a bit better now. Perhaps he should talk about it with John. Find out, what was going on in John’s mind. He decided it was a good thing to do.
Suddenly Sherlock started to buck up. John almost fell off because Sherlock had surprised him. But he managed to hold him.
“Did it hurt? Was it bad? Did you behave?” His eyes roamed over his face but he seemed to be pleased with what he saw there because he looked very, very pleased.
„Yes, I do. If you want a picnic, you shall have a picnic.“ They kissed and groped for a few minutes until Sherlock turned away.
In the meantime, he took Greg’s gun and undid the safety. He felt much better at once. He licked over his lips and stood motionless listening into the dark. The only thing he did was moving away from the window.
He binned the wrapping and looked at his slowly vanishing erection. Hopefully, Sherlock would be back soon. He had said five minutes and John believed he was very serious about it. He had been mightily pissed because of being disturbed. John grinned. He thought of the poor people having to deal with him now. It wouldn’t be fun and Lestrade would just let him run because of his mood. He knew better than to criticise him now. Of course, Greg knew that Sherlock himself had summoned him to help. And now he almost denied the work. But Greg was smart enough not to mention that fact.
“I am not worthy of you. I can't handle problems or emotions. I don't know how. I am overwhelmed by everything and I don't know why. I am useless. I can't even concentrate on my cases!” Helplessly he stared at John while the tears kept falling.
Sherlock had managed to hail a cab out of nothing. Again, John wondered if he somehow had magical abilities.
“Wank until you come. Only then I will text you the place where you can pick up John. If you fail the flood will take him.” Moriarty really did surprise him. He looked unblinkingly into the web-cam.
“There you are. Be careful with that. And get out of that bloody shirt, will you?” John stood and looked at him.
“Kneel, slut.” Sherlock knelt. The man walked over to a closet John had pointed out earlier. He chose another pair of shoes, actually a pair of Louboutin’s. He forced them on his feet. They were tight around his flesh and they hurt him. They were also ridiculously high.
“And you could rely on the handsome Detective Inspector to not let you and your brother down, am I right?” She smiled. Mycroft's cheekbones were covered in a shade of red and he swallowed.
“Stop laughing now!” John opened his mouth and Sherlock watched him intently. This was insanely hot and he tried to move his hips. He didn’t push even though he would have enough room to do so. But he didn’t want to fuck John’s mouth. He wanted John to succeed in giving him head and it was so beautiful already.
“I haven’t worked out since my return like I did during the last hours with you, Sherlock.” He grinned and Sherlock fondly smiled. Then he snatched his coffee and downed the rest.
He remembered that former acquaintances had forced him to do this. They had tied him down, made his head immobile, and forced him to lick their holes, forced him to stick his tongue inside. It had been horrible and he had hated it. They knew that and did it again and again. It wasn’t even meant as punishment, it was simple sadism and meant to humiliate him.
“I could sit in the tub, too. If you like. It was just a suggestion.” Sherlock stuttered thinking he had done it wrong. John though hummed rather pleased.
“Always words, please. And now that we have talked, add an honorific, if you please?” John swallowed.
They collared him and pulled a harness over his head. Something poked on his hole, something cold and metal. He tensed but soon just tried to relax or he would hurt himself. He knew what was coming and right he was. A bondage hook got inserted into his arse. He was tight because he never had bottomed for anyone. But he took it. The hook was connected to a d-ring on top of the head harness. The higher he lifted his head, the less pressure he felt inside his behind.
“There are still left-overs.” John pulled some out of the fridge and fried them in a pan. He whistled a tune while working and Sherlock just watched him.
“There is nothing to talk about. I want you. You want me. I will guide you and let you know what you can or can’t do. Everything is perfectly fine. There is no reason to worry.” Sherlock spoke very calmly and it soothed John.
“Please, don’t mention it. What can I do to make you understand that it has been way too much? You wouldn’t even come for coffee and cake. I can bake a cake for you…” Roger’s voice faded away when Greg slowly moved closer. By now, he had more control and felt better on the horse, too.
Soon enough John’s fingers spread his cheeks and poked on his anus. And he didn’t hurt him. Instead he sensually touched him there until he was able to relax. John pressed inside and kept praising him with murmured words.
“Now get up and let go. I will leave you to it. You shower afterwards and I will have a closer look at your greedy hole before I use a plug on you.”
“I thought about it in the past. I have once used it in the Diogenes but only with my brother. Now I am wondering if you’d like it.” Sherlock said.
John could just stare. He slowly pulled out and cleaned his finger with a towel he had brought before.
“Jesus …” Mycroft smirked. He liked Sherlock's flatmate. He approved of him because he knew he would be good for Sherlock. The first thing he had done after Sherlock had told him about John was to check his army-files. He got very much surprised but let Sherlock do what he wanted. And he had been right. Since John had moved in with his brother, he had changed already. And now they were a couple. Mycroft kept looking at John tilting his head lightly.
Greg breathed and concentrated. Only when being calm again, he called Mycroft. He told him everything he had seen.
„Where are your clothes?“ Sherlock asked and John shrugged. Finally, Sherlock picked them from the dryer and called a cab. He ushered John inside and gave the address. John slumped into the seat and dozed off.
Greg hurried upstairs and found one door open. A soldier was rummaging through the room and Mycroft stood by another door leading into a closet.
Sherlock was in heaven. Why only did he insist on being not gay? Stupid. Boring. Two fingers pulled down the blanket some more so he could see his arse. He still wore his boxers, of course. Black boxers. Cotton. His muscular arse showed pretty much and he licked his lips.
The moment John wanted to leave again, Sherlock stood and fell back on the chair as if he was dizzy. He even sighed quietly and shook his head.
“I would like to go home now. I do really hope Sherlock knows he is welcome back. I will miss him.” She looked at him.
Soon he felt the urgent need to piss. His face became red and he tried to press his legs together which was absolutely impossible, of course. He made noises but John just watched him.
“It’s not your fault, John. I needed this. It was a calculated risk.” He moved back close to him and took his hand.
A while later Greg cleaned the table and Mycroft showed his brother the things Greg had brought. They were already upstairs and inside his new room. Sherlock opened the cardboard box and slowly picked up his framed bat. He held it with both hands and stared at it. Suddenly tears fell down and he sobbed.
“OK, it's time now. Get the hook off.” It was rudely pulled out and at once there was a gloved finger penetrating his behind. Soon there were two and then three. He hurt. He felt raw. Soon there wouldn't be only fingers.
“Listen to me now. I want to do something new tonight. We will go to a club and I will perform on stage; with you as my submissive. I know you are ready to show the world who you are, what you are. You have lately shown me how good you are, how much you can bear and how well you behave for me.”
“My backside still hurts. Some of my scars are itching and pulling my skin. I slept without waking.” Dr Kim nodded.
The sun slowly came up over Regent's Park when he heard Greg rummage in the bedroom and walk into the bath. He smiled and decided to prepare breakfast. He would brew coffee and quickly dash downstairs into that café. He had never been allowed there but now he was, wasn't he? Now one would forbid him. He had no money though.
“Yes, I am spying on you for your own safety, little brother. And what I saw worried me this morning. You ran away and I was able to glimpse Ian who looked totally confused. Sad even.” Now Sherlock’s moves became slower.
Sherlock closed his eyes and shook his head once. Lestrade hadn’t seen it and Sherlock didn’t complain.
“You did not upset me with anything. What makes you think that?” John asked remembering Mrs Hudson’s words.
“If you don’t promise me to ask him, I will show up in your local tonight and misbehave.” John’s eyes widened.
He turned him on his front and Sherlock just pulled his legs under making his arse come up. His wrists got again tied to the bars and so were his ankles. The back of his hamper had buttons and a zip. John opened it and shoved it up and down to make the huge diaper visible to them.
“Very good idea. I will heat this up right away.” Greg took the box and placed it on the counter. Sherlock looked at him and opened his mouth. Greg tilted his head and looked at him.
He saw that his top stuck to his body. He also saw the dried blood. He couldn't take it off of him without hurting him and he refrained from doing so.
“He looks much better.” Greg said quietly lowering the heat a bit. He wore cut-off denims and nothing else. Mycroft looked at him and again wondered why this so very attractive man loved him. He sat under a parasol. He was pale and had tons of freckles. He hated them but Gregory always kissed all over them. The same with his little pouch. He was running every day on his treadmill but it was never enough. He was very slim and tall. And his horrible ginger hair even coated his chest.
Both men looked at each other. Greg didn’t start the car. Instead, he kept staring at his mobile and waited for an answer.
“No, pet! Wash up and get dressed at first!” His dom called out and Sherlock hurried to comply. John grinned. This was absolutely perfect. He would be a very rich man very soon. He would take everything Sherlock managed to earn for him. He would rent him out as long as he kept his good looks. He would probably need some operations in the process but that should be no problem. He would have to visit Ralphie anyway soon again.
“Why don't you play your violin for us tonight? Gregory found it and brought it home for you.” Greg was fairly surprised by Mycroft's action but it seemed to work because Sherlock visibly relaxed.
He had talked to the owner for a long time and he had been very helpful. John had asked him about Sherlock’s latest kink and he had had some ideas. Now John was on his way to pick up some things.
“First I have to finish cooking, so let me up.” Now Sherlock caged him in and pressed his arms into his side.
me for a while. I want to fall asleep in your arms while I am listening to you singing…” Mycroft whispered.
He hadn’t yet been to his place and wondered how it was. When the cab stopped in front of a townhouse in the middle of Kensington, actually on a private street, he slowly got out.
“The corpse…” Sherlock looked at him and both men hurried inside and towards the kitchen. They found the fridge empty. Sherlock couldn’t believe his eyes. Greg was shocked.
The warmth felt wonderful and he closed his eyes. His spine was still a tiny bit tingly and he remembered what happened last evening and night, what Sherlock had done to him. What Sherlock had made him do.
“Oh, I never know which glasses or which spoon are correct. It was never important in my life since we only had one set of each back home.” He shrugged and Sherlock just looked at him. Inside his brain, his words tumbled about. The moment, they had sat down, he blurted out his question.
“I promise you a rope adventure as soon as we are back home. Not here and that is not up for discussion.” John was serious about it.
Sherlock had no idea how many strikes hit his arse when John stopped. A few seconds later, the rope around his wrists was gone and the ballgag was taken away.
“Jimmy, I am here!” He coughed and tried to get up. He only managed to sit and his arse hurt. He pulled a face.
“I think you have earned a reward, John.” He filled a tumbler with whiskey and grabbed some strands of his hair forcing his head back. Then he slowly let it run down John's throat who carefully swallowed the stuff.
“I have to leave early today and will give you a ride with all this stuff. You don’t have to take a cab, John. Just let me know how it worked.”
“Yes?” Sherlock wondered what was coming up. He dreaded new changes. They were exhausting. But he owed his brother so much.
And he followed him upstairs. The door stood open and Sherlock leant against the kitchen counter and held a piece of cake already. He swallowed and blushed when John entered the flat.
“Your things have been brought over. I am sorry. I will also make a fire for you.” Then he just looked at him. John remembered his last question and smiled up at him.
“Here, drink this, please.” Sherlock took the offered tumbler and held it to his lips. His teeth made sounds on the glass but John didn’t take it away.
“No. What I will do is turn around. Just in case you fall. Don’t be a moron, Jimmy.” Well, James Moriarty wasn’t a moron and he just did what he had to do. Afterwards, he was sweating and in pain. But he made it to the sink and splashed some water into his face.
“I am glad to hear that. And I have to tell you that you look very well, Sherlock. I am surprised and also very happy about it.” Sherlock cast a glance at John.
“Always. I am yours, Master. Always.” John took some paper and a pen and set up a draft for a new contract.
“Myc is on his way already. He has some lead on Sherlock but he wants to tell us himself. Be patient for a little longer, he will be here soon.” They locked eyes and after a few seconds, John nodded.
His mouth stood open and he slowly closed his eyes when his hand opened his zip and pulled down his denims over his hips. His hand sneaked below the hem of his boxers and just pressed down. And it was good. He replayed the film in his head several times. He looked at himself forcing the metal deeper into the flesh from every possible angle while he worked himself up. He remembered the dark pleading eyes and felt no mercy, no regret, nothing. He shook with pleasure instead and had a multiple orgasm.
“I’ll get ready for the day. You stay here and work.” Greg followed John but smiled at Mycroft when leaving. It seemed to be enough.
“Another one, please, Gregory?” He held out his plate and Greg grinned. He gave him chicken this time. Then Mycroft even took bread, dip, and salad. He actually licked his lips. By now he actually enjoyed it.
“Off you go then.” Sherlock left for his room and Mycroft stayed behind looking at him. He had no idea what to say.
He grabbed his wrists again and pulled them on his lower back. He held them with one hand while his free hand clawed into his hair and pulled a bit.
“Yes?” The door was opened and Irene Adler came inside. She quickly walked over to him and closely looked. He let her scrutiny wash over him.
John followed more slowly and swallowed. This was bloody luxurious. The bed was bigger than their bathroom at 221B. He walked through and found the ensuite. A broad smile came up on his face. There was a whirlpool. He would very much enjoy this right away. He could have a bubbly bath before dinner.
“Who ordered you to tell Mr Holmes to go away? Someone should be really happy that he is here and decided to help and not drive home because his event is spoiled.” John smiled one of his dangerous smiles.
“Mummy loves Christmas. She insists on our coming there and have dinner with each other. Expect Mycroft and Greg, as well.”
When John was naked, Sherlock undressed, too. All their clothes were on the floor and pointed the way into their bedroom. Sherlock almost carried John inside and placed him on the bed. He was all over him and John didn't get the chance to reciprocate. Sherlock did everything in an inhuman speed and John was all dizzy.
“No, that was it. Laters!” Mycroft ended the call and chewed on his lips for a moment. Then he pulled up IKEA and searched through the sites. Now and again, he raised a brow but didn’t find it too bad. Moreover, Sherlock had mentioned cake. Perhaps, he should try. He could always calm himself with the cake. If his brother liked it, it must be good. He would surprise Gregory with the idea of going to IKEA with him. They could create a completely new room. Only one table wasn’t enough and perhaps Gregory would be able to find all the things for his office in there, too.
Sherlock was quite a bit shocked. He had never felt anything bad with Greg around. He had felt how strong he was and he had finally realised he was a dom. He knew he could have easily brought him down on his knees if he so desired. He would have had no choice and he would have done it gladly for him.
“We’ll buy it tomorrow. Together.” They looked at each other and Sherlock tilted his head very slowly.
After breakfast, they rode back to London using one of Mycroft’s black sedans. John had always wondered if they belonged to him or the government or if perhaps it was all the same.
“Sit with Greg and talk, Sherlock. If you need something you know where to find me or get it.” Ian left the room.
He sighed and turned his head towards his bedroom door. Slowly, he walked over and opened it. He found diapers, a straightjacket, a new huge plug as well as a bondage chair designed for piss play. There was a funnel and a tank. It was something to look at. He would be forced to drink, then he would pee and it would flow back into him. Again and again.
Greg knew he wouldn’t be able to take him into his mouth. He had to use his hands. Perhaps he would start training secretly with a dildo. At home alone.
On the other hand, he could rely on Gregory to take care of his younger sibling. So, if he would arrange a mission for himself, surely Gregory would take care of Sherlock. He would either move back in or take him into his flat.
“We need to do something about it.” He turned them around keeping his hold on Sherlock who actually spit some water. John laughed when he ended up on top of him.
“Red. Sir.” His voice almost broke but not quite yet. Sergej nodded and at once took away his hand. Mycroft visibly relaxed.
“What are you waiting for, pet? I missed you and now I want you!” John said and Sherlock swallowed. He quickly shed his clothes but folded them neatly. He didn't want his anger directed at him. Never again.
John found another nightdress for him and it had mittens, too. He made him rest on his front and the rings pressed into his nipples. Tears spilt and he groaned. John pressed on his back to make it even more painful and he wailed.
He still looked at the camera while tears fell freely. He saw that John was pleased with everything and it actually calmed him down a bit.
“Swallow!” Greg swallowed several times and his hips bucked. His tied genitals bumped against Mycroft’s leg and he groaned and pressed while he sucked.
Sherlock tried to speak around his gag and it made John grin. He pressed inside making him yell. At once, he started to fuck him hard and fast. They rolled over the hardwood and John kept pushing all the way into him. Sherlock screamed his lungs out but was perfectly muted. Finally, John made him come while pulling at his cock and biting into the place where neck met shoulder. Sherlock’s body arched, he screamed and fell back down. John pushed into him the last time and came, too, filling him up. Both of them rested on the carpet by now panting.
“I am sorry, John. I didn’t mean to be angry with you. I do hope the cream will help. Let me know, please. I made coffee.” He pointed at the mug sitting on the coffee table.
“You sound like an old-fashioned husband. I will go back to work. I am a doctor, for God’s sake. I could work part-time at the A&E.”
He walked around his tormented body and just looked. He hooked the leash to the back of the collar and pulled it down and around the handcuffs forcing his head back. He opened his trousers and got out his cock. He was hard already. He stepped up and shoved it deep down Sherlock's mouth and throat. He relentlessly fucked him until he came.
The man took the remote and the system lifted him up. He slowly swung and so far, it was all fine. But Sherlock knew it wouldn't last.
“What are you doing in there, John? Come back to bed!” Sherlock demanded his presence. He quickly left the bath and crawled into bed.
“Yes, you would be immobile. You would also be immobile and could do nothing when being tied up.” John replied and Sherlock hummed.
“The last time I told John I went into shock. I don't want that to happen in this small confined space.” John shook his head.
“This feels almost like your skin. But your skin is so much better.” John’s hand changed to Sherlock’s chest that peeked out from under the blanket.
“He ran away because he had a fight with Greg.” Sherlock quietly said and sighed taking another scone.
He stared down at the blindfolded man who by now started to lick his prick in long strokes. John had to widen his stance. He also tightened his grip around Sherlock’s wrists and forced him deeper onto it.
“Am I?” He shook his head and moved under the blanket. His eyes already drooped and he reached out for his mate.
“I agree. Dr Watson would want to do something himself. You can only tell him shortly before midnight when the auction ends and keep a close eye on him. I believe he will want to watch it.”
“Sherlock talked to me and asked me to tell you about what happened.” John looked him into the eyes.
Greg had left Baker Street and was actually both happy and surprised that it had worked so easily. He had actually suspected and expected something else to happen.
“Oho!” Sherlock said a few minutes later and held up a piece of gut. It was swollen and dark. Then he just cut through it and splashed soil over himself. He stood as if nailed to the ground. The smell was horrid and John took everything out of his hands.
“I'll go and get him. Please, wait here.” Ian left and Greg stiffly sat in an armchair and waited. He would only relax after having seen Sherlock. He still really couldn't believe it. He really needed to see him, perhaps even hug him.
“I will. Moriarty wants me. If he sees me touching Moran, he will suffer a stroke.” And he didn't want John to be touched. Or want him to touch this filthy thing. Not that he would admit that. Of course not.
“No, you don’t have to worry. I am coming by to let you know that I am looking forward to our weekend.” He stood a bit stiffly by the door and didn’t know what to do.
It was over after the last water being given to him. John took off the mask and Sherlock blinked into the light.
John thought about the conversation they had before Sherlock fell asleep. John knew he had to protect Sherlock. And he would, no matter what. Fuck the British government.
John had a lot to do not to burst into laughter. This was too good to be true. Instead, he stroked over his chest.
“Stop.” John suddenly said and stood. Sherlock stilled and didn't look up. Carefully he put down his fork and folded his hands in his lap. But his dom just stood behind him and gathered up his hair. He pulled it back and used a rubber-band he pulled from his pocket.
“Well, we both know someone very much in the profession.” Sherlock said and he saw Greg's eyes widen.
“Sherlock is mean sometimes and we all know that. You are not fat! You are adorable!” He kissed him and slowly he felt Mycroft relax.
He pulled him up and shoved him into the middle of the room. Sherlock almost fell because of the high-heels John had forced on his feet but he managed. Soon the red light came on when the man started to circle him.
“I can’t see you properly…” It sounded more like a question as if he wanted to know if this was the way it was supposed to be. Or the way John preferred it. Or whatever way.
Sherlock was only a bit drunk. He took the opportunity to take what he wanted. And he wanted John. He knew he wouldn’t leave him behind so he acted a bit wild. He knew John would wonder if he’d throw up. Sherlock slurred a bit more than needed and clung to his body. And when he had John beneath him, he relaxed on top of him.
John enjoyed how responsive he was. How he behaved when he let go. It was amazing. He was an amazing creature and he knew he had to be so very careful with him.
Sherlock sulked a bit but then finally understood. He circled him the whole afternoon while John read medical articles online and went through his shift for the next week. He was able to start on Tuesday and he was very excited about it.
“No, she didn't. Instead, she glared at me and shoved me inside. She closed the door and made me sit in an armchair by the fire in the living room. She gave me tea and a cookie. Then she wanted me to talk. I was beetle red and felt hot. It was so embarrassing. But she urged me on and I finally confided in her. When I was done, I stood and wanted to leave. But she stood too and pushed me back into the chair.”
Lestrade looked around at his people. A few newbies were sobbing quietly. He stood with his fists on his hips thinking about a way to defeat this man, to take vengeance. To punish him for what he did.
“Greg, even I can see that you two are attracted to each other. Now he takes the opportunity that was given to him. Sherlock told me what he likes and does in his infamous Diogenes Club.” John openly grinned.
“Perfectly right, my love.” He once ruffled his hair and got up. It was time anyway. He had an early shift coming up and needed to get ready. He quickly went through his bathroom routine and got dressed for business. He half hoped that Sherlock would have made him coffee but his wish wasn’t fulfilled.
“What are you talking about?” John dropped his cane and snatched his lapels pulling him further down and very close to his face.
In the end, they stood inside the bedroom and Sherlock studied the suspension rack. Since John knew about his playlist of gay porn, he also knew it hadn’t been in there.
“Not this time. I think. I don’t know.” Sherlock did look confused, John thought. He was getting more curious by the second. However, at first, he wanted to finish his ice cream.
John had realised it earlier but wasn't able to act after it. Instead, he had been mean and unfair. Sherlock had helped him. He had called Ian. He had cooked and even helped operating him, getting the bullet out. Now he sat in his office and did whatever Ian had suggested he should do.
“OK, get out and run into the woods. I will follow.” Sherlock pushed open the door suddenly bursting with energy. He was able to hear several plops and saw bullets hitting the street by his side. But he simply ran and jumped into the ditches by the road. He crawled a few metres and then disappeared into the trees. Only then he turned his head to look for Greg but he wasn't behind him.
“You have questions.” John rolled his eyes and picked up his coat. He hung both Sherlock’s coat and his jacket by the door and sat in his armchair opposite of Sherlock.
John had listened to Greg and was shocked. Sherlock had been kidnapped. He also knew that this case had been about human trafficking and he paled thinking about the consequences.
“Sebby! Not good enough!” Moriarty’s voice yelled out of the speakers again. John tensed and ground his teeth. Moran changed the grip on him and started to shake him properly. When he was done, he pushed him forward. John stumbled at once being dizzy. He fell on his side and groaned. Moran was by his side at once and pulled his arms back. He used cable straps to tie his wrists and the plastic cut into his flesh. Then he pushed him down on a chair and tied his legs to it. He wound a length of rope around his neck and chest and connected it with the chair. Then he hit him flat on the face several times very hard. He lowered his head and held his lips close to John’s ears.
John limped over with the help of his cane and a bowl with risotto was cradled in his arm. Sherlock swallowed but let him. He wasn't hungry at all and took only two spoons full at first. But then the smell hit his nose and he felt the hunger in his intestines. He even felt a bit dizzy. He also wanted to drink wine, so he started to eat.
“You can't hit the nail properly when crying, darling little brother. Blow your nose and ask Gregory for some tools.” Mycroft smiled and Sherlock carefully placed the frame on a table. There also sat a box with Kleenex and he blew his nose. Then he took his skull and he actually smiled. The violin already sat on the table. Everything was perfectly in order and undamaged.
“Your words mean everything to me. I am sorry if I scared you earlier. I didn't mean to. I admittedly was a bit pissed because you left me behind and let me do all the work. But I understand, I really do. From now on though, we will be in this together.” He lifted his hand and kissed his palm. And he smiled. Mycroft melted and returned the smile.
“Not at all. Come in, please.” He turned around and limped heavily over to the one and only chair. He stretched out his leg and kneaded the stiff flesh with his trembling hand. Lestrade informed him about the results of the autopsy and John just nodded. Sherlock slowly moved through the room and looked at the few things being on display. An old laptop, an even older mobile, and an army-gun half-hidden inside a drawer.
“Now I am in need of an elderly woman to assist me.” But he didn't say it out loud. Instead, he smiled up at Sherlock.
Mycroft walked faster the moment he was able to choose a horse. Greg just followed him. He trusted Mycroft to choose a horse for him because he had no idea. The last time he had done horseback riding had been in Spain on the beach and that was years ago.
John filled two bowls with nuts and crisps and brought them over to the coffee table. Sherlock joined him and sat by his side. Not too close though. Not yet anyway.
John wondered if Greg was submissive. On the other hand, could he be with the job he had? And did it even matter?
“Yes, but I only ate it because you would approve.” Sherlock cleared his throat. John shook his head.
Sherlock really tried to stay still but the pulses running through his cock somehow ran up and down his spine, down to his toes and all the way into his brain. His body shook and he writhed and struggled. He cried and sobbed and finally he wailed so loud, John could hear it through the mask and gag.
“Please, do read this. Have a snack and a drink and come back to me.” John just nodded and Sherlock walked away to sit with his laptop.
“I wonder if you could do it again. Later. For me. Alone. I mean, without a radio in the background.” He stared at the road ahead and did not look at Greg. He was afraid of what he could see there.
“Nice to meet you again.” John said politely. Today she even acknowledged him by lifting her head and smiling.
“Do not mess with Mycroft’s security, please. They are more intense than the Secret Service protecting
“Take David with you, John. Don't go alone.” Raven said and both of them left the house and rode over to that hospital.
After Greg had finished, he leant back and stretched out his legs. Mycroft looked up and into his face.
“Let's find a snack then, shall we? And a bottle.” They walked into the living room and the butler entered at once. Mycroft ordered a little bit of food and a bottle of wine. It was served soon and Greg almost inhaled the light pasta dish.
Mycroft stared down over his long nose. Finally, he took the ballgag off and opened his trousers. Greg at once opened his mouth.
Sherlock left as well, strolled through London, found Mycroft’s man and the solution, and returned back to Baker Street. He still was a bit bored but on his way home, he had bought a bottle of excellent wine and some snacks to feed to John to appease him.
„You are doing a fine job dusting my hardwood, mate.“ He said it with a smile on his face but John didn't react to the joke as he normally would. He just pulled the robe tighter around his muscular body.
“I know you are protecting me. But I want to know about it. Don't hold anything back.” Sherlock said.
“Someone is very much aroused. Someone isn’t going to come anytime soon.” He reached between his legs and once pulled his testicles to flag his erection. He pulled the cage over it and closed that one, too.
“Very good, pet. Now undress again and hang everything up. Neatly! I want to fuck you!” He watched him undress and as soon as he was naked, he pushed him down on the bed. He was on his back and John’s eyes roamed over his naked form. He licked his lips. His wrists got tied over his head. He lifted up his legs and placed them over his shoulders. He didn’t bother with preparing him. He just pushed inside making him yell. He was still sore. John grinned and pushed deeper, forcefully, and recklessly. Sherlock pulled at his restraints and cried. John laughed and kept fucking him in a wild and ruthless pace.
“If he told you it must be just fine.” Sherlock muttered and started the car. But he drove very carefully and John relaxed. Reaching the hospital grounds John leant forward again.
Suddenly he bit him into his side. He pulled blood and licked it off of him. Now Sherlock really felt sick but suppressed it. The bite marks throbbed and the vicious dom on top of him moved up and pressed his lips on his throat, jaw, and chin. He finally kissed him on the mouth. Sherlock was able to smell the blood. And then he tasted it because he opened up at once. John bit cruelly into his tongue and lips and made him bleed some more. He was getting weak fast. It became too much. Even his cries became quieter by time and his voice was almost gone. His eyelids fluttered but he forced his body to stay alert. His dom mustn’t be angered. He needed to impress his dom, so he could stay.
This was good, very good, but he wondered about a plug. He had allowed him though to choose and chosen he had.
“I want your first time to be good. You should never forget it.” John moved his palms over Sherlock’s chest and felt his nipples harden at this touch. Sherlock moved closer. They looked into each other’s eyes and kissed.
He had taken him out of his coat and hung it up. Sherlock still didn't speak but stared at his every move. Ian thought about his actions for just a second but then simply moved up between his legs and knelt. That got a reaction out of Sherlock because his eyes widened and he stilled completely.
“Gregory?” Mycroft asked holding him still up. Greg kept panting for some seconds and then swallowed.
“Relax and enjoy. I am not going to hurt you. Hush now.” Greg tried and gave in. Although he kept thinking of Mycroft's alarmingly big cock. Suddenly it became cold between his cheeks.
But at first, he gently brushed his hair and then sat down opposite of him. He asked him what he liked and how he wanted his hair cut. Sherlock helplessly looked at Ian who just nodded at him.
“Mr Holmes just woke up and asked for you.” She smiled at him and he quickly stood and stuffed his things into the backpack.
John brought his gun he officially didn’t even have. Sherlock was glad he had John with him. They talked to several homeless men and women but couldn’t gain any relevant information. The only thing they knew was that several people, homeless people, had vanished just so.
Ian had thrown himself into his work. He had taken several clients himself. Clients who were special. Clients who especially needed rough treatment.
The goods John had ordered the night before arrived around noon. Several crates were delivered and carried up right into the flat. He tipped the guys and rubbed his hands. He opened one box after the other and carried everything into the bedroom.
“I believe it is my fault; what happened to you is. You get kidnapped because of me. Moriarty thinks... Whatever. Without me, you would be just fine.” His voice was rough. Now John reached out for him.
“He made it?” He sounded interested and let go of his umbrella. Sherlock held it up for his brother to see.
“These are the new keys for your place. We changed your locks and upgraded security.” Greg took the dongle.
“Welcome, Dr Watson. Please, have a seat.” Mycroft even stood and led him over to two armchairs. Everything had been already set up, so there was a plate with sandwiches and biscuits as well as coffee and tea.
Sherlock’s neck was inflamed too and he had to force himself to keep his fingers away from his red and chafed skin.
“You are an intelligent man, Sherlock. You very well know why they don't want you to leave. They need to make sure you are doing fine, that you don't faint and that your wounds do not inflame.” Greg looked very serious. Sherlock though still pouted.
“God no! If I was able to cook like this, I’d be having a bloody restaurant!” John grinned shaking his head.
“Yes, John. I am sorry. I made a bad choice of words here.” Sherlock didn’t look at him and spoke very quietly.
He was brought into a bath and John stayed while he washed up. Afterwards, he was given clothes that made him look like a nurse. Or a patient in an asylum. They were off-white and scratched his skin.
“Why do you even have to ask this question? Of course, you had the right. You had every right to hit him.” Mycroft was angry by now, too.
Sherlock rubbed over them and took them between his fingers pulling them and twisting them. He noted his reactions to every move he made and everything he did.
“You said, he is a weapon by himself. We have to be careful. Several of your men need to take care of him while I snatch Sherlock away.” Greg said.
John watched him carefully store his violin into the case and disappear into the direction of his bedroom. On his way, he had to pass by John and when he did, John was able to see the nice bulge inside his pyjamas.
“Come along then.” Mycroft offered and they all rode over to Mycroft's place. Greg had picked up his work and his bag. He helped Sherlock retrieve his things and ordered another car.
“Are you hungry?” Sherlock nodded. Right then, Mycroft came out of the bath. He looked a bit better.
John swallowed and felt like a criminal or something like that. Someone bad. Someone a bit not good.
Sherlock though didn’t do anything and John suddenly understood that he was supposed to tell him what he wanted. He pressed him against his crotch at once Sherlock started to mouth his erection through the denim.
John realised that he scared Sherlock when he looked at him. And he relaxed. He made a step forward and smiled.
He heard Sherlock rummage in the bath and wondered about breakfast. He was convinced that today would start without, at least if he had thought breakfast for two.
Somehow, Mycroft took the tumbler from his hand and placed it on the carpet. Both of his large hands moved over his shirt and rubbed his nipples through the fabric.
“I have to, Gregory. He is my brother. I sired him. I am responsible for him. Please, understand.” He took his hand and kissed his knuckles. Greg sighed.
“John, this wasn't on purpose. I am very, very sorry.” Sherlock said and John stared into his eyes. He knew how great an actor Sherlock was but he wouldn't lie to him in this situation. Not as a dom to his sub.
John left him alone. He had no idea where he had disappeared to. Instead, he took the report and read it on the sofa in the living room. He was shocked after he was done. Then his eyes slanted and he became angry again. Very much so.
“No, it's not. It's for you, Sherlock. Both of us can't let happen these things to you anymore.” Sherlock looked between both of them and they returned his sad stare.
But Greg wanted him to come. He slanted his eyes and reached between his legs. That move elicited a noise from him and Greg smiled. He moved faster and blew over the hard flesh. At the same time, he pressed down on his perineum and Mycroft gasped and came. He shot his cum right into Greg’s face who was too surprised to move away. His lips were tightly closed and so were his eyes.
“Well, you seemed to have enjoyed it a lot and I did some research on the topic. We could have it built in here if you like.” Rather expectantly John looked at him.
Sherlock poured some wine, too. He didn’t eat a lot but kept watching John. John cleared his plate and leant back.
“Very good. I will prepare you now. Get up.” Sherlock stood again and let his limbs hang loose. He was given a harness which ran over his chest, shoulders and ended being hooked to his collar. Another part went between his legs and over his hips. His cock also got a harness and his balls were divided in the middle by a leather strap attached to it.
Now he had no bed to sleep in but he would sleep on the sofa for a few days. He already had ordered a new sofa that could be turned into a comfortable bed. Later he would be looking for another place to live in, a bigger place.
Since he knew what he had mixed, he knew what to do to make it better. He was quick and returned to John’s side.
“Thank you, John. You are a wonderful partner.” John tilted his head frowning but his smile was still there.
“Look at this, Greg, and add some more.” Greg looked and his eyes became big. Sherlock’s fangs showed and John said:
He hurried downstairs and into Mycroft's office. He approached him and stood before his desk looking at him.
“Stay!” He ordered but Sherlock had no intention to do anything but. His head hung low and he just waited for his dom to do something, hopefully, feed him.
“I need the bottle. Get it.” He simply gave an order. He wasn't yet able to tell him sorry and explain himself.
“I’ll lend you my full support, John. Just as I did before. If you want to get rid of her, I’ll be by your side. Have your wicked way with her, do as you like. I’ll take care that nothing will happen to you.” John slowly placed his palms on Sherlock’s chest and looked up.
“I partly liked to play. What I liked were the restraints you put on me. The blindfold was exciting. The gag was mean. Scratching was mean, too. I don’t think I would like to be hit by a riding-crop. We could try spanking if you like?”
Sherlock closed his bedroom door without looking back at John. This had been a success. He had begged, he was allowed and he made him submit to him. He had even liked it; so predictable. He had only needed a tiny bit of his magic abilities to draw him close. He smugly smiled touching himself. He undressed and nestled down in his blankets. He recalled his actions and John’s reactions. He still tasted John on his tongue. His human smelled of tea, vanilla, and some wood. It was interesting and very male. He liked it. He instantly had been drawn to him after they were introduced. It had never happened before.
Since John knew that he never had any Christmas decoration in here and never spoke about the reasons, he had wondered about it. Over the years he hadn’t managed more than some fairy lights over the mirror above the fireplace. However, this year things would change.
He watched John for a few more seconds but he simply ate. Sherlock turned away and showered. He dressed into one of his bespoke suits and made himself ready for the day. He wanted to buy several things for John.
“I am very happy to hear that. You will always have a home here.” They smiled at each other and even though Sherlock's smile was rather tired it was good to see it.
John also bit into his cheeks, pinched his skin, and also slapped his behind while he was licking and fucking him with his tongue. He could actually feel the soft skin inside and it was so different from everything he had ever felt, he could hardly describe it.
“No, it’s fine. I am just not… It’s wonderful, I mean, you calling me that. Love, I mean.” Greg smiled and took his hand.
He went into the kitchen and opened the fridge. He got one of the meals Sherlock had cooked in advance and put it into the microwave. It tasted great; his sub was a damn good cook. He finished it and put the plate and such into the dishwasher. He opened a bottle of red wine and started a fire. He sat on the sofa with his legs pulled under.
Now John knew why he used toys. Greg had said something about gags. Perhaps he would try that next time. Until then, both Mrs Hudson and Mrs Taylor had to endure their being together.
“You don't know everything, Anthea. But I promise to give you a proper update after we got Sherlock back.”
By now, John knew he was close to tears and only hugged him tighter. He felt him lean back. Then he felt his knees give way and he lowered them both onto the hardwood.
“He is still out cold. Let’s have a drink first.” Mycroft offered. They gathered in front of the screen and Anthea brought drinks.
“On your knees, slut.” John changed his position and Sherlock took off the gag. John coughed. Sherlock grinned and shoved a bottle between his lips. He tilted it and made him drink the whole bottle.
At first, Sherlock had thought Mycroft would be jealous because they were meeting up inside the Diogenes. But he wasn’t.
By now, Mycroft was breathing open-mouthed. In his younger years when he was doing fieldwork, he had been severely trained in interrogation technics. He had been beaten, pushed around, kidnapped, and kept in the dark for ages. He knew how to fight this. He knew how to cope with this. This was nothing. This was fun.
“Hey, come down. There is no need for this…” Greg whispered but wasn’t able to stop him. He looked at him but he wouldn’t meet his eyes.
“I'll be in my office. Finish your breakfast and join me before you leave, please?” He stood by the bed and looked at Greg who looked back up holding his fork having just picked up a tomato.
“Thank you, Master, for filling me up properly. I really like you fucking me hard. When you pound into me, I feel alive. I also like the other things you do, when you tie me up, gag me and blindfold me, your touches make me feel wanted. When you spank me, your hands on my arse, making it hot and red and burning, it makes me feel so aroused, Sir.” He had blushed because of his humiliation and John found it adorable.
“Here, I brought a pair when picking up your backpack, Sir. They should fit.” A pair of combat boots was handed over and Mycroft thanked the man.
“Faster, John! Yes, like that! More to the left! Yes!” He hissed and his eyes were blown. It didn’t take long and John felt Sherlock’s balls pull up. He groaned loudly and came for the second time.
They gave him trackpants, only trackpants. Sherlock didn't mind, it was better than nothing. His hands got tied on his lower back and he was brought into another room. They forced him on his knees and told him to lower his head.
“Greg, this is Sherlock speaking. Please, pick up if you are home. I need to talk to you. I am alone and I don't know what to do. Please! Do pick up!” He exhaled and waited but nothing happened. Perhaps Greg wasn't home but at work? He hung up and stared at the phone.
“More.” Sherlock said glaring into the mirror. He wasn't yet pleased with the result. Mycroft didn't intervene.
“He only didn’t fancy carrying them. It had nothing to do with reputation. He is just a lazy sod.” John stared at Mycroft and then laughed again. He even made Mycroft smile.
Inside the fridge, he also found two bowls with freshly made pasta salad and rice salad. He raised a brow. He hadn't ordered his staff to prepare anything and really wondered when and how that had happened. But he took them out, too.
Greg led him into the garden he had changed a lot since he had been with Mycroft. Now there were chairs and a bench, even a swing and a table. A closed parasol stood close by, too. Carefully Sherlock sat down and stretched out his long legs. Greg sat, too.
“May I come in?” Mycroft looked up and he smiled. Then he closed the lid of his computer and turned his chair.
Sherlock smirked. It meant; Mycroft needed him. Probably to get rid of someone. He was looking forward to that.
Sherlock had been more tired than he thought. He fell asleep listening to the soft breathing of John by his side. John had moved closer while he slept and pressed his nose against his skin.
So, she told him everything. Greg was listening to her and when she was done, he shook his head smiling.
“Stupid! Stupid me! My lab, of course!” He hurried over and scanned the chemicals, the acid and such. He grinned. But then he thought about being naked and his body. He didn’t want acid to burn into his skin and bones. He got protection goggles, gloves and a blanket he put over his lap. He sat down and set it up. With both hands in the front, he could do that.
“That's better. We don't want to damage some nerves in your pretty face, do we?” He smiled. Sherlock was scared. He had heard about Botox but never intended to use it. Why would he anyway?
A few minutes later, Greg stopped at a Tesco and John got out buying something for Sherlock. Rather cluelessly, he stood in front of the shelves and then just bagged several granola bars, fruit gum and other things a bit not good for him.
Sherlock enjoyed the ride. John was a perfect dom. He was both gentle and rough. Sherlock had no idea how to describe it. He had used all the things Sherlock had laid out except for the ring gag but Sherlock understood why. He had wanted to feel him, wanted to enjoy it fully. Sherlock was a very happy man right now.
They stepped out of the door and walked down the seventeen stairs. It felt alien to Sherlock. He hadn't been outside for a long time. And he didn't even wear a plug. It actually felt like something was missing.
“I'll get it myself. The kitchen-slaves are not allowed inside my wine-cellar and fridge. They break too much of the expensive stuff and punishing them all the time makes me so tired.” John even looked exhausted saying it and Sergej heartily laughed.
“Get up and shower. I want you to put on a suit today. Dress up for me and show me how pretty you are, pet.” He used his knee to push him to the edge of the bed.
