Steve cut across the final intersection, heading back towards home.  It was still early enough that the city was just starting to stir, pale light spilling over the sidewalks, lights coming on behind windows high above him.  Pigeons whirled over the streets, taxis and delivery trucks trundled on their way.
Ellen leaned forward over her keyboard, pulling up her email with a couple of keystrokes.  "Not yet," she said.
“But he's made this choice without all the information,” Jan said. She huffed out a breath, blowing her hair away from her forehead. “Steve? Do you trust me?”
“He stayed with you,” Darcy said, her voice thin.  “I-” She gestured at Clint.  “I told him, I saw him walk away with you, right between you and Harris, he was never with us.”
Billy burst out laughing.  “You think he tells us?” he said, a wide grin splitting his face.  “You’re a funny guy.”
Tony pulled out 'Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln.'  “I didn't know you were interested in Lincoln,” he said, leafing through the volume.  It smelled like coffee, and there were dark spots marking a spill on the last chunk of pages.
“No.  But I fake it exceptionally well if there’s a camera in the vicinity,” he admitted.  “Or if I’m drunk.”
Everyone looked at him.  Including DJ.  Tony raised a beseeching look towards the ceiling.  “Does anyone else have demands they’d like to make of me right now?”
Tony let out a breath that was half sigh, half laugh.  “It's a poinsettia, Steve.  I appreciate the sentiment, but I'm pretty sure they're bringing them along with the Christmas tree this week.”  His fingers tangled in Steve's hair.  “You are planning on showing up for that, right?”
Bucky disappeared back behind the horse, and she pressed a hand to her face.  “No one is falling off their horses!”
Sam studied him, his face unreadable, and then gave a slight nod.  “Want me to read you some of that?” he asked, nodding at the book.
“You cannot, you have your own bath to handle, and Miss VanDyne will be most upset if you don’t wear the suit she sent over,” May said, her smile tempering the stern words.  May kissed DJ’s forehead, her expression full of warm fondness. “Hello, you wicked boy.  Causing such trouble.”  Her mouth pursed.  “There shall be no dessert for you tonight.”
“DJ will save you,” Stark said.  “Won't you, moppet?”  DJ gave a firm nod.  “See?  Nothing to fear.” He propped his hands on his hips, drawing the fabric tight, and Steve knew he had to stop staring before he gave himself away.
“These two photo ops are not at all the same thing,” Tony said, but it wasn't a no.  He knew it wasn't a no, and judging by the way Steve's smile turned just a tiny bit smug, he knew it, too.  Tony wondered when he'd lost the upper hand in this conversation.  He'd never had the moral high ground, but for an instant, he'd had the upper hand.  “Not at all.”
“Does he,” he said, the words slipping through frozen lips.  He tried to swallow, and his stomach turned over, a sick, hallow twist of nausea.  “I don’t-”
Steve's teeth flashed in something that could be mistaken for a smile.  "And what history would that be?" he asked, and Tony bit the inside of his lip to keep from laughing.  The 'golly, gee whiz, mister' facade that Steve put on sometimes was endlessly amusing to him.
Tony pushed himself up on one elbow, brushing a kiss against Steve’s forehead, his nose, and his lips.  “I’d like to see them try.”
“And Natasha will be keeping an eye on all of us,” she agreed.  She waved at the door.  “All right, boys.  Now that we’ve all seen that Mr. Stark is doing just fine, I think it’s time for bed.”
“I accept this plan,” Tony agreed, languid. He opened one eye, his lips curling up as he watched Steve fumble on his pants.  “Do you feel like a real American now?  Having had a sexual encounter in the backseat of a car?”
"Of course, we're not savages," Peter said, his nose in the air, and his aunt flicked him in the head with a napkin.
“Am I missing something here, because I'm kind of in the middle of this, and database management isn't really my area of specialization, so-”
“I'm here under duress,” Ellen said. Her chin came out at a stubborn angle. “Gonna make the most of it, though.”
“Which doesn’t mean he knows anything about the kidnapping,” Steve said.  “Our best bet is finding Hammer.”
“Want one?” the text read.  Harris looked at it.  Then back up at Steve and Tony.  He looked back down at his phone.
Bruce stepped back, and Tony slid into his place, a dance they’d done a thousand times or more, muscle memory taking over for conscious thought.  Tony smiled over his shoulder at him  “Good work.”
"He's very, very good at picking up non-verbal cues, it's true," Tony said. "And he does get a raise every time he makes a problem disappear."
Thor came barreling out of the sky, a streak of silver and red, splitting the air behind him with a crack of thunder.  He shot forward, Mjolnir leading the way, straight for the back of the robot's head.  The robot turned, to meet him, one hand coming up in an arc like a whip snapping through the air.  It collided with Thor with a crack of metal on metal, and Thor went flying.
“You’re in my parlor,” the woman said, pouring a thin, precise stream of tea into the cup.  She set the pot down.  “A guest in my parlor.”  She looked up, and DJ found himself meeting her eyes, despite his best efforts.  She smiled.  “You’re here to have tea.”
“That's so clearly a lie I can't even bother to mock you for it,” Tony said.  He wrapped the towel around his waist and stomped towards the closet door.  “Remind me to keep a suit of armor in here for future disasters, Jay.”
“What kind of fish is this?” Steve asked, and Tony looked down at the intricate ink of a fish, caught in mid-turn.  Its tail was flicking through the water, leaving a trail of bean-shaped bubbles around it.
“And chocolate helps?” Steve asked.  He leaned into Tony’s body, needing the contact more than he wanted to admit.
Steve bit back a smile. “Looks like you did a good job.” He tucked a finger under DJ’s chin, tipping his head up.  “I’m sure that Nat was grateful for your help.”
“Do you have a tin foil hat yet?” Jesse asked.  “Because your birthday's coming up and you're always so hard to buy for.”
“What would you do about it?” Carol asked.  “Try to institute conversational standards for trash talking?”  She shook her head.  “That would've just made it worse.”
His breathing was steadier now, slow and shallow, but Steve could feel it through his shirt on the side of his neck.  He rubbed a thumb against the back of Tony’s hand where it lay on his chest, tracing the familiar lines his fingers.  Steve knew he should get up, he should leave Tony to rest.
“Enjoying myself,” he said, his lips hovering just over Tony’s.  Tony laughed, and Steve brushed a kiss against his jaw, his neck.  He let go of one of Tony’s wrists, and Tony didn’t even bother putting his arm back down.  Steve slid his hand along Tony’s chest, down towards the waistband of his trousers.
“Big jar?” DJ asked, as Tony took both his hands and lifted him up and off the stool.  For a second, DJ’s legs kicked in midair and then he was back on the ground.
“In her defense, that’s the general response of anyone not from New York who loves baseball,” Jess said.  Steve raised a hand.  “The Dodgers are in LA now, baby, you’re gonna have to give up on that.”
"I'm good at recognizing disaster coming, but not actually stopping it," Tony agreed, his lips twitching.
Natasha sprinted by, a man right behind her. She swung to the side, one leg lashing out and catching him in the knees.  Her hand snapped out, and he was unconscious before he hit the ground.  “Need help?” she asked.  She didn't even sound out of breath.
"Your loss," Steve said, and to his surprise, Stark laughed at that, his eyes bright.  Flushing a bit, Steve looked back down at the book.
“Mom worries about everything,” Franklin said.  He picked up a screwdriver and poked it at Val's hand.  Val tried to grab the tip of the screwdriver with her pliers, a smile sliding over her face as she made them snap like metal jaws.  “Like, I'm supposed to start high school SOON and she and dad are still arguing about it.”
“Probably for the best,” Steve agreed as the landing pad came into view.  He raised his free hand to wave at DJ just as Hulk came bounding up the side of the building.
Steve stepped around him, running for the front door.  He found Happy waiting for him on the street outside, the engine revving in the car.  They peeled away from the curb before Steve could even get his car door shut.  “It’s not good that you’re not fighting me on this,” Steve said, wrestling the door shut.
“Now!” Darcy called, and together, she and DJ pulled back the doors, each of them throwing a fistful of rose petals in the air.  For an instant, everything was roses and light and the sound of a tinny, recorded pipe organ.
“That won’t be long, with my little demons.”  She hugged the box to her chest.  “You’re a good boy,” she said, and Steve couldn’t help but smile at her.  “I’ll ask a blessing for you at Mass next week.”
He felt Steve’s fingers, gentle and familiar, trace a curious path across the back of his shoulder.  Something stirred in the depths of his sleep-addled brain, something that he should’ve been concerned about, but he was asleep again before he could figure out just what it was.
"No," O'Brien stabbed a finger in his direction.  "I like you.  You know I do.  But by all the saints, you make me more trouble than the rest of the shift combined." He shook his head.  "There's a dozen men lined up for your job, and none of them would make near the trouble you do.  Just-"  He exhaled, long and slow.  "I don't want to hear your name again, the rest of this month, you understand?"
"You are," Tony said, with a grin.  "So..."  He spun Pepper out, her hand still cradled in his.  “Talk fast or take a seat, Officer.”
“Okay, I would've said no and made it stick,” he said.  He picked up the champagne flute, rolling the stem between his fingers.  “I didn't-”  He huffed out a breath.  “Look, this happened, and it wasn't what we intended, but we're both dealing with it, right?”
This whole thing suddenly felt so stupid that Tony wasn't sure why he was willing to ruin one of the best things he'd ever found over it.  “Look, forget I said-”
He was getting better at that.  Small, almost controlled bursts of power.  He could do little things, if he concentrated hard enough.  Single words, with the full force of his voice behind them, could make small things happen.  He raised his hand, and flicked his fingertips.  “Turn.”
DJ's face scrunched up in an expression of disgust, and Sue reached for her purse.  "Come here," she said, digging into one of the interior pockets.  DJ looked up at Tony, who shrugged.
Tony shrugged.  “And least one of those has been there since my father's time, and another two were Natasha.”
Steve followed her, torn between following her down the back stairs or heading straight for the front door.  "I was going to do a quick walk around the grounds," he said.
“You look about as tired as I feel,” Tony said, reaching for his coffee cup.  It was mostly empty, and he twisted in his chair, stretching for the coffee pot that Jarvis had left within reach.  “Coffee? I can ring Jarvis, have him bring up another cup.”
"And now you sound like Peter, and let me tell you, sounding like Peter?" Tony gave him a slight smile.  "A bad idea."
“She came to tell you that neither of them was dead, and I don’t know about you, but I needed to hear that,” Natasha said.  “This isn’t just about you.”  She crossed her arms over her chest.  “Do you know why you don’t drink when you’re around Steve and DJ?”
Jarvis studied him for a long moment, then set about collecting the tea cups.  “And why not?” he asked.
Steve looked back as a man stepped through the crowd.  Slightly better dressed than the rest of the others, he had a nose that had been broken more than once, and a cruel twist to his smile.  He had a heavy cudgel in one hand, his fingers curled around the handle in an easy, natural grip. “Shoulda minded your own damn business, and kept your nose outta ours.” He swung it through the air, letting it rest against the meat of his shoulder. “Gonna enjoy this.”
"And I really think that's a bad idea." Tony adjusted the cuffs of his sleeves, smoothing the fabric into place before reaching for his tie.  "In that you look like you're about to be court martialed, and that's-" He glanced up, a smile twitching at the corners of his lips. "It's not a good look on you, darling."
“Right?” Tony asked, and Steve gave him a look.  “Look, I can keep my pants on, unless that’s a thing for you and I hadn’t figured out yet, because come on, we all want to break food safety rules once in a while, and I’m not cooking anything that spatters-”
Agent Sitwell piled his plates onto his tray.  “Have you ever been cursed?” he asked, his tone conversational.  “I have.  I have been cursed.  It was-”  He gave Harris a stern look over the rims of his glasses.  “It was not pleasant.  It is not a situation I want to repeat.”  He paused.  “Ever.”
The cat’s tail swung back and forth, and it settled down, the sharp bones of its legs shifting beneath the skin as if it was in the midst of changing shape.  Coulson sighed.  “I will file an official complaint about this, you know that I will.”
He’d feel guilty about putting her at risk like this, because if Obie found out, Mrs. Arbogast would be the one to pay the price.  But he never got used to being hungry.
He started, rocking back into the plush confines of his seat.  His backpack shifted in his lap, and he wrapped his arms around it, hugging it back against his chest.  His eyes darted away from the window, to find his-  DJ stopped, blinking hard.  No.  Not his dad.  Tony was looking over the back of his seat, his face pinched.
“I do,” Tony said.  “I miss her.  And my father.”  It was an afterthought, but it wasn’t a lie.  They’d both left a void in his life, in different ways.  “Do you miss your parents?”
Strange rubbed his eyes.  “No,” he said, the word clipped.  “Whatever this is, it centers on DJ.  There’s no reason to suspect anyone else would be affected, but I’d prefer not to take that risk.  You’ll be going back.”
“Of course, Mr. Stark.  Eight am.”  She turned her attention back to him.  “Is there anything else I can do for you tonight?”
Jan dropped into her chair, her head falling back.  “I’m not listening to you anymore,” she said.  “So you’re suggesting that we just order…  Random amounts of takeout and hire people to plate it for us?”
Jan had designed a beautiful little alcove for her custom mistletoe bells.  It was an archway covered in swags of evergreen boughs woven through the polished wood.  Swags of ribbon held the mistletoe in place at the high point of the arch, easily in reach for most, and with a strand of ribbon attached for anyone shorter than average.
He made for a patchwork king, but there was something regal in his bearing, something brilliant in his smile.  Steve was no knight, and he was no king, but somehow, it didn't really matter.
“Occasionally, I get one in,” Tony said.  He hooked a thumb over his shoulder.  “Since Thor's back in Asgard, I'm going to see if the terror twins need help in clearing the streets.”  He raised his eyebrows.  “Want to come?  Good stress relief.”
“Let me get that,” Steve said, taking the wooden platter of cheese and meat from her.  Tony, for his part, put a foot on a stack of books that were taking up valuable real estate on the table, and shoved them to the floor.  Steve looked at him.  “Helpful.”
He was so beautiful, his face so close to Tony's, and Tony's heart skipped a beat.  “If I did,” he managed, because he could keep talking even when his life was falling apart, “it'd be entirely your fault.”
Her teeth flashed in a bright smile, showing off the tips of her incisors.  “Everything’s great,” she said, brushing her hair away from her face with the back of one hand.  “Can I talk to you for a second?”  Her eyes darted in Tony’s direction.  “Alone?” she added, her tone apologetic.
Greer’s eyebrows drew up in a faint frown.  “Yes?” she asked, and it was strange when things that should be questions weren’t and things that were questions shouldn’t have been.  “I don’t want you to…  Tell me anything you shouldn’t, I know that’s not right, but I thought-”
Steve’s eyes flicked towards Tony, who crossed his arms over his chest.  “She wants to see if she can drive Obie to a heart attack by announcing our engagement,” he explained.
“I’m just fine,” Tony told him.  DJ nodded, but didn’t look up.  Tony smiled.  “Diagnostic?” he asked.  DJ’s eyes came up, and Tony leaned over, as best he could.  DJ reached out, the movement cautious, and tapped a finger against Tony’s nose.  Once.  Twice.
It was a very well composed shot.  If she hadn't been in the middle of the same mess as Jesse had been last night, she would've thought it was staged.  But there was no chance that was the case, and that meant, Jesse had gotten very, very lucky.
Clint nodded.  “He asking for me?” he asked, slipping out of bed and heading across the room.  Clothes.  Clothes were a good idea.
Franklin snorted, and rolled over to lay on his back, his head tipped up towards the movie.  “Uncle Johnny says he doesn't.”
Tony reached over, refilling Steve's cup from the pot before his own.  “Any idea what happened to my sunglasses?”
“You don’t need to babysit me.” Tony took a sip of his coffee.  “Promise I won’t be setting anything on fire for at least-”  His eyes flicked towards the clock.  “The next thirty minates.”
“No.”  DJ shook his head, his hands flexing at his sides.  “Stay.  Like this.”  He smiled at them.  “Just....  Like this.”
“There’s a kitchen in the back,” Danvers said, peering around Steve’s shoulder.  “With a coal oven.  Not the newest, but solid enough.  Old Wickersham preferred cooking over a wood fire, I suppose, the old iron pots are still there, by the hearth.”
Hammer started to laugh, soft at first, then high and sharp, taking on an unhinged edge.  “Come back HERE?” he managed, laughter breaking through the words.  “He’s not coming back here.  He didn’t want to be here when he was here, he’s not going to, he’s not-”
Something in Tony recoiled from that, from Steve being taken away from him, from the idea of being relieved of this burden, physical or emotional or both.  But he was exhausted, and he knew it.  He took a deep breath.  “Thanks,” he said.  But when Sam slid an arm behind Steve's shoulders, helping Tony to lever him up, just far enough so that Tony could slip out from under his weight, his eyes burned.  He ignored that, making sure that Steve was settled back against the pillows before he collapsed into the nearby chair.
Everyone watched, with varying amounts of confusion, as Natasha pushed Clint forward, angling him for Steve.  "Sorry we're late.  We didn't get in until around three am, so he's running on about three hours of sleep at this point.”  She patted Clint on the back.  “He's upright and he's pretty pliable for the moment, that's about all I can promise."
“Then eat a cookie because it’ll settle my nerves,” she said, her voice arch.  She pulled a handkerchief from her purse and started wiping DJ’s face.  “And because DJ was kind enough to give you one.”
“At least do me the courtesy of making an admiring comment about my flanks,” Tony said.  He patted his butt with one hand. “I mean.  I don't ask for much.  A few compliments about my ass would not be amiss.”
“Okay.”  DJ nodded.  He looked at the door, and then back at Tony, his gaze curious.  “Can... We go now?”
Steve rolled over, trying to find a comfortable spot to rest.  But no matter what angle he chose, what position, after a moment or two of stillness, he could feel the mattress give way under him.  It was slow, insidious, the way it seemed to collapse out from under him, drawing him down until he was sure he was going to suffocate.  Like it was going to swallow him whole.
“Should've thought of that before you came in here and slept on my boyfriend,” Steve called over his shoulder.
By the time he reached the library door, he was breathing hard, his fingers locked on the straps of his backpack.  He paused in the hall for a moment, head down, air hissing between his teeth.  When he looked up, the familiar door of the library seemed to tilt in front of him, the wood flexing like a living thing, twisting against its hinges.
"I don't know if you expect me to be ashamed of the wings, but-" Steve grinned as confetti came fluttering down, settling in Tony's dark hair.  His fingers twitched against his palm as he resisted the urge to brush it away.  "Not going to happen."
DJ looked up, a wide smile on his face.  He nodded, rocking forward to tuck a knee against his chest.  The stool he was sitting on shifted, the legs rattling on the stone floor.
“It’s…” DJ stopped, trying to find a way to explain the way he felt when the world disappeared around him, the way his stomach seemed to show up ten or so seconds after the rest of him when it finally reappeared.  Or the way that, no matter how much he knew it wasn’t possible, he could swear that he could see things in the moments where he was neither here nor there.
“This is unacceptable,” Tony mumbled against her shoulder.  “I’m reporting you to HR.  All the reports.”  He paused.  “Do we have an HR department?”
“If they were having sex in here I deserve to know!” Jess said, latching on to the side of the lockers.  “Because we were told WE couldn’t have sex in here, it’s not fair if Greer is bringing in her boytoys, this is just-”
"'Sad' is perhaps not the right word," Jarvis said, his voice brisk.  "However, sometimes I possess information that would be to the benefit of others.  In this case, I think it is fair to say that while his bedroom is a personal space in the most broad sense of the world, it is a space where very little of sir is present."
DJ looked up.  Steve smiled at him.  “He's asleep.  But you're a quiet kid.  I can bring the phone upstairs, and you can see that he's just asleep.   Sick, but okay.”  He studied DJ.  “Would you like that?”
Tony stroked a hand over his hair.  “We okay?” he whispered, and Steve nodded against his shoulder.  “Okay.” Tony moved in his arms, and Steve’s grip tightened, an instinct he couldn’t quite resist.  Tony kissed the side of his neck.  “I’m not going anywhere.”
Phil braced a hand on the table.  “I will pay you a twenty dollar bounty per shirt if either of them were to conveniently disappear.”  His mouth quirked in a half smile.  “Do we have a deal?”
She nodded. “It's a boilerplate, in any case, there's an expected format for this sort of thing.” She shifted her weight, her gaze sliding in Steve's direction. But Steve didn't meet her eyes, he just kept staring at the windows. Marcy looked back at Tony. “When you decide the specific circumstances-”
Steve kissed him.  “I’m fine,” he whispered against Tony’s lips.  It sounded like the truth.  It might even have been the truth.  He wasn’t sure anymore, but he was willing to take the risk.  “You thought I was here to kill you?”
He paused, his hand hanging in mid air.  He tried to exhale, and it came out as a bark of laughter, sharp and hard.  “Lady, you have no idea what I’m afraid of.”
Rhodes grinned.  “Sam said you were a smart one.  Nice to know he’s still an excellent judge of character.”  He looked at Steve out of the corner of his eyes.  “Nobility and the wealthy.  They have private guards, and we leave it at that.  Things get rough, get word to Danvers.  She’ll handle it.”
Tony's head came up, his eyes meeting Steve's.  “Well, then, I don't care.  And right now, right here, no one else matters.”  There was a twinkle in his eyes, amused and brilliant.  “I'm the only one, the only thing, that you have to worry about, Steve.”
Sue realized that she was staring at him, her mouth hanging open.  She gave her head a quick shake and crouched down.  "Hello, there," she said, giving the little boy a smile.  He smiled back, and her mind was going a mile a minute.  There were so many questions, she didn't even know where to start.  She opened her mouth.  “Where are your shoes?”  That, at least, was a logical question with an answer she could probably understand.
Clint flicked down a corner of the map and gave Tony a look over the edge.  “No,” he said, his voice flat, and went back to his map.
Steve shook his head.  “Let’s leave the theological debate of the nature of suffering until another day, because I’m not-”  He tried for a smile, and it hung on his lips, uneven and broken.  “I can’t do anything for him, Tony.  And I’ve never been real…  Good at forced inactivity.”
Nicholas smiled.  “By the time he died, Phillips was alone.  His family had died off, one after another.  No one was surprised when his uncle passed, he was an old man.  And his brother and one of his nephews died during an epidemic one summer.  Everyone had someone to mourn that year.”
She took a step forward, then two, wobbly and off-balance, and then she was throwing herself into his arms. Tony caught her, needing the comfort of her more than he wanted to admit. She was familiar and warm and strong, her grip almost painful.
Somehow, he reached Tony before Tony reached the stairs, his arms wrapping around Tony's chest.  “Hey!  Stop, wait, you're going to break your neck,” he managed, dragging Tony to a stop.  “What's wrong?  Do you need something?”
"I...  Don't know how to make them more 'up' than they currently are," Steve said.  "I'm-"  He looked up at his hands.  "This is as far as they go, Jan."
“Hate me,” Tony finished for him with a grin.  He took a sip of his coffee, his eyebrows arching.  “Sit down, champ.  You’re going to feel a lot more charitable towards me in a few minutes.”
"Right," Tony said.  He hated his life.  He shifted his weight from one foot to the other, a nervous twitch to take his mind off of his baser instincts.  "For...  How long, exactly?"
Steve hopped over a fence, looking back in time to see Bucky set his foot on the wood, propelling him up and over in two quick, sharp movements.  He crashed back to the ground, his boots hitting hard, and Steve shook his head.  “Do you remember if there’s actually a river here?”
“You're not my whole world, Tony, but you've made my world a lot better.  You've made my life better.  And every time you smile at me, every time you hand me a spoon to taste your latest ridiculous concoction-”
Happy straightened his hat.  “I did damn well,” he said, tucking his hands in his pockets.  He rocked back and forth on his heels.  “All things considered.”
He did like tea.  He liked the pale, fragrant brews that Natasha poured into mismatched tea cups, gleaned from thrift stores and antique shops.  He liked the tea that Bruce gave him, poured hot and then reheated when it was forgotten, somewhere in his lab, the lingering bitterness mellowed with a heavy dose of sugar and milk.  He liked the neat, colorful rows of tea bags in Phil’s tea chest, and the loose, brittle leaves that Thor kept in a big china jug, high on the shelf.
Tony rolled his eyes.  “Right, right, of course, an honest-to-God Grandma afghan, why didn't I see that coming?”
“Right, you’re right, definitely yes,” Tony said, taking the cup of coffee out of Obie’s hand and draining it in one long gulp.  “It’s brilliant.”
“I usually go to the library a couple of times a week,” Steve said, checking the oven.  “And I don't need much sleep anymore.  It's nice to have some options for passing the time.”
A tall man in a ragged coat stepped out of the alley across the street, moving forward slowly, but with deliberate purpose.  Even as Rhodey wrestled Tony into the car, he was moving in their direction, his hand tucked into the front of his coat.
“Okay.  I call being Steve,” Natasha said, pulling her hair back.  “Are we still doing throws this afternoon?  Or did the Council of Unilateral Name Choices institute a change of plans and I wasn’t informed?”
Steve made a show of looking at his watch.  “I think it’s Valentine’s Day until we go to bed.  Those are the rules.”
“Look, I don't, I don't know how he could-”  Peter scratched his head.  He huffed out a sigh.  “I don't see a way to fix this, to be honest.”
His chin was up, his shoulders squared. "I believe, I know, we are moving forward, every day. Towards the last child thrown out of their house for their sexual orientation. The last murder of a sex worker or undocumented person that gets thrown in the cold case files because no one cares. The last time someone has to fear not being allowed to use a public bathroom, or simply exist in public."
It made no sense, but at the same time, it absolutely made sense.  It might've been a stretch, but if there was even a slight chance, Steve was willing to take it.  “You know what?” he said to Rhodey, who opened his eyes, blinking up at Steve.  “I think I will see if I can find a-” He waved a hand towards the pool.  “Something to swim in.”
Tony smiled back at him.  “Your truck my curb, your recipes sneaking into my rotation.  I look up and you're doing prep work with my staff, I go out for a drink at night and you're holding a stool for me over at Mjolnir.”
“Very good, sir,” Jarvis said, ignoring the way that Steve was chuckling, his face buried in his folded arms.  “I have informed her as to your location.”
“No,” his mother said, snagging him by the back of his shirt.  Sue looked at Jan.  “We’ll take one.”
“Seriously, I’m here, you’re here, I can run fast enough that you don’t have the breath to harass me, so let’s just…” Steve held up his hands.  “Let’s just do this, okay?”
Steve watched him flip the pages, amused despite himself.  “I didn’t think your ego needed any further stroking,” he said.
“This is becoming a house of ill repute, and I shall not stand for it,” Tony mumbled into his water cup.
“Yeah, but it still stings,” Bucky said.  But he was smiling.  “Right.  So now that we’re here and you’ve pinned a target on his back, what’s our plan?”
Tony leaned over, one hand braced on the top of the car.  “Well, that makes one of us.”  He straightened up as Clint cranked the music in the front seat.  “Let’s go.”
“Or...”  Sam smiled at him.  “Or you can spend the next six months doing your best to win Tony's heart.”
Val gave her brother a look.  "Really.  You think you made progress?"  She pushed a strand of pale hair back behind her ear.  It promptly slipped back in her face, and she made a sound of annoyance.
“Stop thinking,” he whispered, his breath warm against the angle of Steve's jaw.  “Stop trying.  It's like throwing the shield, Steve.  You know what you need to do, you don't need to analyze it, you don't need to think about it.”
Tony stared after him, his heart thudding in his throat.  Pepper touched his arm.  “Happy's here,” she said, and she steered him through the lobby doors and out to the car.  Happy hopped out, opening the back door for them, his eyebrows arched and his mouth hanging open just a little.  But he didn't say a word, just waited for them to both settle in the back seat.
“Steve.  If in six months, he looks at you and says, 'I don't want to be in a romantic relationship with you, we're friends, and that's all I can give you,' how will you feel?” Sam asked.
Steve jerked his hand back down.  “Hi, Luke,” he said, trying for a natural smile. “Enjoying yourself?”
The crowd had long since disbursed, leaving only a handful of men hovering on the sidewalk outside the theater.  A few lingering employees kept an eagle eye on the reporters who loitered by the doors, and a couple of bored looking cops chatted on the corner, hands resting on their nightsticks.  One of them looked up as Steve ran past, his eyes narrowing.  But he made no move to stop him, and Steve was glad.  He was getting damn sick of explaining himself.
“Always is, when the lord’s home for dinner,” she sighed.  She gave the stain on the carpet a despairing look.  “The young master?”
Val twisted a long strand of hair around her finger, tight enough to make the tip go red.  “That's your nightmare?” she asked.
“This one, it wasn’t my fault,” Tony pointed out.  He waved the con book at the interlopers.  “I didn’t invite them.”
“I know,” Steve reached out, stroking Furbro’s head.  The cat arched into his fingers, his purring ratcheting up a notch.  “You should be used to that.”
Shuri nodded.  “Thank you,” she said.  “He always spoke highly of you.  Said you could have remained in Wakanda, if you had wanted.”
Steve gave him a cold, hard smile.  “Right,” he said, his fingers flexing on the strap of the shield.  “Guess that’s a no on the ‘leave while you have the chance,’ option.”
Rhodey smiled, a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.  “Yeah,” he said, as Bruce walked over.  He looked away from Tony, and Tony was grateful for that. “Doc?”
There was the sound of applause from behind them, and he twisted around.  The two girls who had brought him here were both watching, their hands clasped together, wearing identical grins.  An older woman leaned her folded arms on the top of a sign, her long gray braids wrapped around her head like a wreath.  Two men, wearing the olive drab outfits of soldiers, stood nearby, one with his arms looped around the other from behind.
“Excuse me?” Carol gaped at her.  “I am the FOUNDER of the Council of Lesbians!  I am the ONLY LESBIAN in the Council of Lesbians!”
Jarvis held out a hand to DJ.  “Will you come help me set the table for dinner?” he asked, his voice gentle.  “I would appreciate the company.”
Steve kissed him, and that was about the best reaction he could’ve hoped for.  Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders, kissing him back with all the force he could manage.  Steve mumbled something against his mouth, and Tony pulled away.  “What?”
When she finally stepped back, she left Sam with an arm full of flowers and a bright smile on his face.  She rocked backwards, her hands behind her back, her head tilted forward.  “Next Friday?  Dinner?”
“You gotta love it when your very good advice comes back to bite you on the ass,” Luke said to Steve.
“We're not in Europe and that's indecent,” Rhodey said.  He splashed water at Stark's feet, and Stark took a hopping step to the side, avoiding the water as it splashed along the tile.
“Manatee Cash,” DJ said. Not quite right.  Not quite what he had tried to say, but he wasn’t sure why.  He dug the bottles of liquid color out from under a pile of used parchment paper sheets.  He held them out to Clint.  “Manatee and Cash.”
His fingers slid against the line of Steve’s jaw, his thumb brushing against Steve’s lower lip.  “I’ve thought of kissing you so often,” he whispered, and Steve’s whole body arched off the couch, pressing against Tony’s.  Tony’s thumb teased his lips, and Steve let his mouth fall open.  Tony exhaled, and it shuddered in the air between them.  “This is, so, so much better than I could ever have imagined.”
“Slept through a few things in my life, but you're right,” Tony said, turning to face Rogers, who was so close that he could see the smattering of pale freckles across the bridge of his nose.  Tony smiled at him.  “That's not one of them.”
Steve's arms tightened, just for an instant, and then he was pulling away.  “Do we have plans for Christmas?”
“That you think I take anything seriously,” Tony said, reaching for a pencil.  He dragged a pad of paper across the desk towards him, nearly upsetting Obie’s coffee cup.  “Pardon me,” he mumbled, scowling down at the page as Obie rescued his drink.
“Sorry, it's pretty ingrained by now,” Tony said, grabbing hold of Steve's hand and letting Steve pull him to his feet.  For a second, he wobbled on his feet, swaying into Steve's body.  But Steve's grip was strong and steady, and he held on, long after Tony needed his help to stay upright.  He just started moving towards the door, towing Tony along in his wake.  Tony, laughing, stumbled after him.
DJ nodded.  “Six,” he agreed.  “Thank.”  He slid out of his seat, and kicked the door shut with the side of one foot.  He pulled the back door open, leaning in to collect his bag.
That was as far as he got before Stark shrugged off his robe, the silk sliding off of his shoulders and down the length of his muscular arms, and Steve swallowed his tongue.  Clad only in a small, mid-thigh length pair of crimson red shorts, Stark tossed his robe at the nearest unoccupied chair.
DJ reached out, moving the hands on the clock until it indicated one am.  “Button,” he said, pointing.
“No,” Darcy said, and the girl who had given him the tape hovered behind her, a pained look on her face.  She was wearing an oversized medic’s bag and carrying a sign that said ‘Emergency Cosplay Repairs.’
"C'mon."  Obie wrapped his arm around Tony's shoulders, his fingers almost painfully into Tony's arm.  "Let's go meet our new guest."
Tony gave him a lopsided smile.  “I think you have your own problems,” he said, his voice arch.  “Besides.  What’s the point of a grand PR gesture if I’m not seen being properly affectionate?”
“She did take some time to come around to change,” Jarvis mused.  “But once she did, she embraced it.”  He smiled at Tony.  “Something her son inherited, I would say.”
Neither of them looked at him.  “This isn’t an argument,” Steve said.  “This isn’t-”  He shoved a hand through his hair.  “You can’t call it in.”
“Know who does have the legs for it?” Clint said, holding the costume in front of Tony, who pushed it away with one disdainful finger.
It was the woman he'd seen when he'd first come in, tall and lean, clad in black pants and a white shirt, left open at her throat.  She wore a brown vest over the shirt, hanging open now, her crisp shirtsleeves rolled up to her elbows.  She stripped off her heavy gardening gloves as she walked in.  “Where's Bruce?”
Tony lunged forward, his feet slipping on the carpet, momentum carrying him forward.  His shoulder hit the surface of his desk at the exact moment that Jarvis’ hand flicked up, tossing the coffee directly in Obie’s face.  Obie screamed, rocking backwards, the gun pulling up towards the ceiling as it went off.
Tony grinned at him.  “Nope, I tagged along when Rhodey got an invitation.  If you're paying, you can be as much of an asshole as you'd like.”
“And it's bigger than my entire apartment,” Rogers said.  He opened the closet door, stepping inside.  “Actually, this closet might be bigger than my entire apartment.”
Steve's eyes rolled up towards the ceiling.  “I tried to invite you over the first night that we got together, Stark, you were the one who decided we'd be better off going back to your place.”
DJ was halfway through another tray of cookies when the front door opened again. “Nat had powdered sugar, God only knows why.”  Clint tossed the bag of sugar in the general direction of the counter.  He paused, looking at the briefcase on the counter.  “Phil home?”
"I expected nothing less."  Tony grabbed his arm.  "Come on.  Let's find out where everyone's going."
DJ's fingers plucked at the cuffs of his shirt, something like fear floating across his features, and Tony settled back.  "Hey, it's okay," he said, and DJ's eyes snapped up to his, then back down.  Tony's fingers rattled on the bench, his mind turning over the possibilities.  He reached out, snagging a nut.  "DJ."  DJ glanced up, his eyes wary, and Tony held up the nut.  "I need the tool for this," he said, and DJ's face relaxed in an instant.
Clint paced around the back of his couch.  “Yeah, see, thing is, he absolutely keeps track of commercial flights, and anything SHIELD’s got in the air, mostly because I make super bad choices, so there’s no chance that he’ll miss it if I’m suddenly heading in his direction.”  He shoved his free hand into the back pocket of his jeans, staying out of Tony’s reach without much difficulty.  “I’m sure he also has some idea of what the SI assets are doing, because he’s a scary bastard, but he doesn’t actively track anything unless there’s a gallery exhibit that he’s in town for and he wants a art buddy.”
And he missed the warmth of the air, and the scratchy-soft weight of his shirt against his skin.  He missed the smell of oil and citrus, and the flex of is toes against the carpet.  He missed being able to reach out and feel Franklin's hand against his, but when his claw tapped Franlin's palm, Franklin looked back at him and smiled.
"Probably," Peter said, wiping his hands on his apron before he pulled it off.  He hopped out the back of the truck and turned back to peer up at Steve.  "Hope the food truck fest went well, but glad you're back, Steve!”
Steve barely had time to register the new arrivals before DJ came scrambling up to the stool next to his, hopping up to rest his arms on the countertop.  Steve moved his hat out of the way, and DJ plopped down on the stool, rocking it forward so he could lean his elbows on the well worn stone.  “Good morning,” Steve said, dropping his hat onto DJ's still-damp hair with a smile.
“Oh, of course,” Clint said.  “And I know that he knows I’m not French.  And he knows that I know that he knows-”
Duck reached for his coffee.  “And that's why I'm still the editor, even after all these years.”  He took a sip from his cup.  “I'm sorry, Ning.  If you want a byline, you need more proof than a single photo and a blurry photocopy of a license that could've been signed by anyone with an asshole sense of humor.”
“Want me to handle it?” Natasha asked, straightening up to her full height.  Billy stared at her, his eyes the size of dinner plates.
“You absolutely can not,” Harris said, and she was laughing as she wiggled across the bed towards him.  He took a deep breath, and she was so close that she was breathing the same air, her lips almost brushing his.  “But I”m looking forward to the attempt.”
“No.  My dinner is going to be an entire box of crab rangoon and a spinach kale smoothie,” Tony said.  “That balances out to a complete meal. That is all I need right now, so-” Sam made a darting grab for the container, and Tony fended him off with a pair of chopsticks.  “I will stab you.  Do not think that I won’t, Wilson.”
The building was familiar and foreign at the same time.  His small apartment was exactly as he’d left it.  It was too cold and too small, the window and walls barely kept out the wind or the noise of the city.  He flicked the overhead light on, and it did little to push back the darkness, which clung to every surface.  Shadows made a film on the walls, on the ceiling, like coal dust, like soot.  A narrow space with a low ceiling, a handful of shelves, a table and a chair and a bed, all of which were just too small for him now.
Tony nearly went over the top of the counter at him.  Steve, as if realizing this, clamped a firm hand down on his shoulder, pinning him in place.  "We needed to make an emergency landing," he said, sounding entirely too calm for Tony's peace of mind.  "Our jet's currently being repaired by an approved crew, as soon as we're able to take off, we'll be out of your hair, sir."
“I’ll just have a cup of water,” Shawn said, snagging an empty chair from a nearby table and dragging it over.  “I can-”
For the first time, Tony’s eyes came up, sharp and brilliant beneath the dark sweep of his brows.  “Tell me you have a gun on you right now,” he said, his voice patient.
"Perception. When I was small, when I was undersized and underweight and generally the runt of the litter?" He smiled. "Man, did I hear things like that a lot. Slurs. Insults. Threats. It might shock you, but some of the citizens of 1930's New York made certain judgments about five foot nothing, angry art students. The moment I didn't fit the image of what a 'gay man' should be, then... I was exempt from that kind of judgment. The perception shifted.”
There was no response.  With a sigh, Steve stacked his hands behind his head, staring up at the patchy, cracked ceiling.  "I just want what's best for you," he said.  "You know that, right?"
“Yeah, well, that's what conventions are like,” Tony said, and Steve could hear the laughter in his voice.  “Spend the day meeting, greeting, networking and hustling.  Then spend the night getting drunk and showing off your stupidest kitchen tricks.”
Steve was silent for a second.  “I'm...  Very aware of having bones,” he said at last, and Tony didn't know exactly what that meant, but it sounded very unpleasant.
Tony slapped his knuckles with a wooden spoon.  “Excuse me?” he asked, indignant.  “You-  I do not take up a lot of room.  I'm practically pocket sized for his convenience!”
“Yes,” she said, drawing the word out, her hands fluttering nervously in front of her chest for a second before she corralled them again.  “It’s…  Yes.  It’s good that we have desserts.”  She said it firmly.  With feeling.  Like she was trying to convince him, or possibly just herself.  “The issue is, we have…  We have a lot of desserts.”
“Understood, ma'am.”  He watched her go, her scarf fluttering in her wake, a faint smile on his face.  Next to him, Tony sank down into a chair at one of the tables, his fingers idly playing with the stem of a champagne flute.  Steve looked down at him.  “Tony?”  Tony looked up at him, and Steve tried to smile.  “Are you...  Okay with this?”
"Yes, but I know the way better than you, don't I?"  With another puckish smile, she slipped through the door and lead the way down the narrow stairs to the kitchens, Steve following close behind.
Tony’s smile was sharp and deadly and Steve loved it.  “I still have you in check,” he whispered.  “And you don’t have many pieces left on the board.”
DJ nodded.  “Yes,” he said, his fingers relaxing.  He looked at Harris, relief all over his face.  “Yes.  If I can?”
DJ thought about that.  “Company,” he said, smiling at her, because he could say that he was tired, that he was overwhelmed, and she wouldn't be hurt by it.  “Please.”
“It just needed to be cleaned, actually, there was some grit in the gears and a bit of rust, but it came off easily enough,” Tony said.   “All done.”
Rogers stared down at him.  He did not look impressed. "He's asleep, Mr. Stark.  He's-" Rogers waved a hand down at DJ, and Tony followed the motion.  DJ was flopped forward, his cheek pressed against the bench, his eyes closed, his moth gaping open.  Tony was pretty sure he was drooling.  "He's of no use to you," Rogers continued.  "Because he's asleep."
“I spent the next few years making a place for myself in one of the crime families,” she said.  “Fisk’s, to be precise.”  Steve’s head snapped up, and she met his eyes with a faint smile.  “Yeah.  Fisk.”
“I should say not, sir.” Jarvis took a step back, considering Tony for a moment before he reached for the hanger. “It is included, most amicably, with my general service to you and this household.  Arms up, please.”
A few heads came up, here and there around the kitchen, blank, exhausted eyes struggling to focus on Tony.  He wiped his hands on a towel.  “Thank you for your efficiency, your effort, your steadfast dedication to your duty and our guests.”
“A problem,” Clint said, force marching his Tony through the door.  He grinned.  “Hey!  Elvis!  We’re going all in on this shit, good for us.”  He thrust a hand at her, his other still clamped on Tony’s shoulder.  “I’m Clint.  This is Tony.”
He tossed it onto the table, then started emptying the pockets of his jacket and his pants.  Small coins and a dozen condom packets, a folded receipt and a scattering of metallic confetti.  A few crumpled fliers, ones he'd kept despite not being able to read them, simply because he liked the design work.
“Hey!” Tony tried to move it out of reach, leaning sideways with the carton held out as far away from Steve as he could go.  Laughing, Steve just crowded in on him, his chest pressed to Tony's until they both unbalanced, tipping over onto the roof.
Tony huffed out a sigh and reached for his beer.  “I hate you,” he said, and Steve held out the box of garlic knots.  Tony took one, distracted momentarily from the cinematic train wreck that was playing out on his tv.  “God, the eighties was an ugly, ugly decade.”
"Oh, I can't possibly let you go barefoot, something could happen," Tony said.  He leaned in.  "I can't be responsible for that."
Natasha braced a hand on the top of the wall that surrounded the laundry yard.  "It's possible.  You say a lot of things." She stared down at the lawn, where the cop was working his way around the exterior of the house.  "I don't pay much attention, to be honest."
“You're not the first to think so,” Steve said, and she burst out laughing.  He smiled.  “And I doubt you'll be the last, ma'am.”
“Perhaps not, sir.” Jarvis scooped up the books, tucking them into a neat pile.  “I’ll just put them on the shelf for now.  To keep them out of the way until young Mister Parker does return to collect them.”
Rhodey opened one eye.  "You're lazy," he said, his voice laconic.  He closed his eyes again, a smile curving his lips.  "You're used to things working the first time, and if they don't, you toss 'em on the trash heap."
“Small mercies.”  Phil scribbled a note in the margin of a form before tossing it back in its folder and slapping it shut.  He reached for the next one, ignoring the faint throb behind his temples.
“And this seemed like, it seemed like a stress that we didn't need.”  Tony leaned back in his chair, graceful and relaxed.  “But she was right.”  He stopped, his eyes cutting towards Steve.  “Don't ever tell her I said that.”
"You're not early," Ed called, wiping down the espresso machine with quick, efficient movements.  "He's late."
His voice trailed away, and Tony shifted in his arms, tucking his head under Steve's chin.  “You're leaving me for a bearded, melancholic poet, aren't you?” he mumbled.
Tony stared down at him, and gave up.  He might not have this for long, but he could have it for now.  “At this point, I can only hope the cholesterol kills me,” he said, holding out a hand.  “Just pass the box.”
Steve glanced down at himself, then at Tony.  "I'm not really up for anything fancy," he said, with a lopsided smile.  “It's been a very long day, Tony.”
“Tough,” Clint said.  He pulled the lid off of the box, revealing a pile of tissue paper.  “This…  This is fancier than we deserve, kiddo.”  He pushed it aside, and went still.  “Huh.  That looks…”  He looked at Phil, who leaned over his shoulder.
He made a show of patting his pockets.  "I was assured that speculation about my love life would distract everyone from my actual output for at least six months, so I didn't bother-"
“The problem was the system, and the real problem was-” She looked at Steve.  “By the time I figured that out, I was part of that system.”
It was all so ridiculous that he had to laugh, or he’d start crying. “You can have the swiss,” he said, and Tony smiled back at him.
Sam reached for it. “Yeah, but I'm sick of talking to you and if I leave, people are going to judge me, so I think it's story time.”
Tony took it, and the disposable chopsticks Steve offered.  “So what brings you all the way out here?” he asked.
Light pressed against his eyelids, and he shifted, burying his face in the pillow.  It smelled good.  Everything smelled good, even through his stuffed up nose.  Coffee.  Bread.  Bacon.  Something sweet, and sharp, the citrus tang catching on his tongue every time he inhaled.
“Wow,” Clint said, trying to keep a straight face.  “That’s effective, kiddo.  That’s…  If I didn’t know your dad, that’d be dangerous.”  He leaned an elbow on the laundry basket.  “But I do know your dad, so I’ve built up an immunity.”  DJ’s lower lip poked out, and Clint laughed.  “You going to pout?”
“‘Going at it again’ implies they ever stop,” Natasha said.  “Which, they don’t.  They merely shift their argument from room to room to bed and back out of it again.”  She let out a slight sigh, her shoulders flexing.  “I’d really thought that once they made it to the bedroom, we’d have a moment of peace.”
“'Hey, baby,'” Sam said, his voice falling to a low, sexy pitch.  “'Take this jewelry.  The US Government gave it to me for free, so I'm kind of regifting it, and it was intended to identify my charred body, hopefully after I die.  But I think it looks better on you.”
May didn’t even look in that direction.  “No,” she said, with such firm certainty that Steve choked on a laugh.  May smiled at him.  “In this case, the devil I don’t know is better than the devil I do.”
“There’s a lot of you, perhaps you missed a spot,” Tony said.  Steve gave him a look. “Fine.  Well, then, you can sit there for a moment and…” He waved a hand at the bathtub.  “Just relax.”
He rubbed a hand over his mouth.  "You know the kid he's pushing is going to be difficult, don't you?"
He looked up.  “You gave me a home.  It sounds strange, it sounds stupid, but I was...”  He smiled.  “I was looking for something, and if it wasn't you, Tony, it was everything you brought along with you.”
Hitomi appeared behind him, studying Tony through the lens of the tablet. “Has he done his studies?”
Clint leaned back against the counter next to the range, his arms crossed over his broad chest.  “What, the boss?”  His teeth flashed in a grin.  “In his library, actually.  Holding something valuable.  That definitely didn’t belong to me.”
“No,” Tony said, and he wasn't fooling anyone, but he had his pride.  “Call me if you need me, I'll be out back juggling missiles.”
Tony shook his head.  “What over conclusion can we draw here?” he asked, and his voice wasn’t quite steady.  Exhaustion made his tongue heavy, and he hated it.
Sam touched his shoulder, and Steve's head came up.  Sam was looking at him, his face creased in a slight frown.  “Hey, you okay?”
His voice trailed away, and Steve shifted on the bed.  “Can you come here?” he asked, holding out a hand.  Tony flopped over, just far enough for to peer at Steve, his face tight.  Steve smiled at him.  “And I won't ask you what's going on in that head of yours.”
Sam stepped forward, and the man’s head tipped in their direction, a single brilliant eye catching the firelight, gleaming in the shadows beneath his hood.  “Good evening.”
“Wow.  That's disappointing.”  The old priest was holding out a page to them, and Tony watched, his head spinning, as Steve filled out the empty spots on the form and signed with a flourish.  He held the pen out to Tony.  “So am I.  This is going to be one hell of a boring marriage.”
“Is that the sort of thing you say that ends up with people joining super hero strike teams?” Ellen asked.
“Hey!” Steve said, his voice full of laughter as Tony ate half of one in a single bite.  Unashamed, he held the other half out to Steve.  Steve considered it, cracking open his soda.  “I get your leftovers?”
Steve hand caught his, dragging him to a stop. “I love you,” he said, his grin so wide that it was barely contained. “I love you, I-”
Steve gave him a look from under the line of his brows.  “You could’ve slept in.  I’m only up because I didn’t sleep well last night,” he said, and that sounded juvenile.  He found he didn’t much care.  He stretched one leg up behind him.  “Taking a run seemed like a better use of my time than glaring at the ceiling of my bedroom.”
Tony’s fingers flexed on the banister.  “Are you deaf as well as dumb?” he asked, and there was ice in his words, cold and cutting.  “I said, you’re fired.  Collect your things and get out.  I’ll have a car brought around for you, but that is the end of it.”
Steve finished pouring himself a cup of coffee, and returned the pot to its spot on the stove.  He turned back to Clint.  “You aren’t French.”
Slowly, deliberately, Clint smiled. “Well, that’s a fascinating question,” he drawled.  “But still not the right one.  The one you should be asking is that first one.  Go back to asking what my last job was.”
But Steve glanced back at him, a wooden spoon in one hand and the lid of the pot in the other, his face splitting in a grin.  "Welcome home," he said, and Tony couldn't breathe for a second.
And as soon as Logan walked away, he found himself face to face with Tony, who was staring at him, his eyebrows arched.  “Champagne?” he asked, his lips twitching.
“Refreshing,” one of the Stranges said, and the other nodded.  “Have you considered a career in the mystic arts?”
"The woman who wrote the story," Marcy agreed. Tony made a noise, air forced out through clenched teeth, and she paused. "Are you all right?"
They were still moving, Steve realized, and it wasn't so awkward anymore.  His knee clipped Tony's and Tony didn't even flinch.  “You're going to make mistakes,” he said, “and no one cares.”
“Were you really going to have sex with me down there?” Bucky asked.  “I mean, Jesus, Mary and Joseph, I was right down there, Steve, can't you keep your pants on for five minutes?”
Tony waved a hand in his direction.  “If you want to take over replacing the valves on the Southwest irrigation-” he said, and Ty slammed it back down to the bench.  Tony looked at it, resigned.  “Not to worry.  I can order another one from the foundry if that one’s broken now.”
“You can borrow my rolling pin.”  Steve kissed Tony on the top of the head.  “He's sick, so you've got a chance.”
“Up and dressed and heading out now.  I will be on time,” he said, before she could bring that up.  Because she would bring that up.  He smoothed a hand over his hair, giving himself a critical look in the mirror.  Not bad.  He'd pass muster.  It certainly did not look like he'd gotten less than ten hours of sleep in the last three or four days.
Danvers rested an elbow on the rung of the ladder, her chin on her fist.  “How nice,” she said, sounding amused.  Sam, already moving the chairs out into the garden, shook his head.
“I do believe Mrs. Parker has made us a lovely berry cobbler with fresh vanilla bean ice cream,” Jarvis said.
Clint's fingers twitched, going to fists before he could stop them.  With a force of will, he flattened them out.  "We're going to do our best," he said, because he tried not to lie to DJ.  He tried his best, and even he knew there were limits to what he could do, what they could do.  "To make sure nothing bad happens.  To anyone."  He managed a smile.  "That's what we do, right?"
“You should get used to that,” Tony told him, amused.  He glanced in DJ's direction.  “How're you doing there, kiddo?”  DJ held up a chunk of machinery.  “Excellent.  That's neither on fire nor leaking any sort of acid, engineering is proceeding as scheduled.”
With a force of will, he smoothed his shirt back into place, and let his hand fall back to his side.
Steve crossed the room, untying his apron as he did.  “And my boyfriend, wearing my old flannel shirt and-” His eyes narrowed.  “And sporting the beginning of a very fine beard.”
He was starting from scratch.  Again.  Resigned, he brought up a holographic keyboard and went to work.
Steve took a seat, reaching for a potato from the top of the pile.  "How'd you end up working here?" he asked, flicking a strip of peel away from the blade of his knife.
“I won't fire him.  Today,” Tony agreed.  He waited until everyone had been served, glasses of water and wine poured, baskets of steaming bread set along the table.  “Thank you, Jarvis.”
He reached for the card door.  “They don’t come into the house,” he said.  “If Mr. Stane wants to put them on the grounds, if he wants them to guard the doors, then we use that.   Witnesses keep trouble at bay.  But they don’t come into the house.   Any of them.”  His chin came up.  “Do we understand each other?”
Clint shrugged, his hands tucked in the pockets of his sweatpants.  “He had a nightmare.  We watched old sci-fi.”  He met Steve's eyes without flinching this time, clearly back under control.  “What's to say?  It happens.”
Tony rocked back in his chair, his head bent over the sandwich.  “Bet she’s just as brilliant here, as she is there,” he said, his voice deliberately nonchalant.  “And I’m always looking for new talent.”  The paper crinkled under his fingers, and he tipped his head to the side, checking the contents.  But he made no move to take a bite.
Rhodes laughed.  ‘Yeah, last time I passed it, it seemed like it needed a lot more than a ‘little’ work.”  He crossed his arms over his chest.  “And while Sam’s got his good points, he’s not known for his masonry skills.”
“You old faker, you know exactly where his place is,” Steve said to Isaiah.  “Stop angling for a free meal.”
“I'm fine,” he said, slamming the case shut.  There was a door on the far side of the building that he was pretty sure lead to the roof.  “I'll be-”  He shook his head.  “Don't you have enough to worry about, Pep?”
“Almost certain it is,” Steve said.  “Sue, look, it's none of my business, really, but I think you have to give yourself more than a week to get used to the idea of government sponsored giant robots hunting children under the thin guise of protecting the population before you determine what you're going to do, or how you're going to handle it.
"We have most of them for a reason, and the reason is you," Steve said.  They were attracting stares, which Tony wasn't surprised by.  It was late, and the battered old airport terminal was typical of Soviet era buildings: big, impersonal, and gray.  The sight of Steve was going to turn heads under ordinary circumstances.  Dressed in a perfectly tailored tux, he was capable of stopping traffic.
Strange swept a leaf away from his shoulder with a flick of his fingers.  “You are both still here, and still in possession of all of your limbs, and all of your sense.”  He gave Steve a look that could’ve flash frozen fire.  “Trust me, Captain.  That is the best that it could’ve gone.”
After all, the old stories all had two endings: either the hero escaped the court of the Old Ones and returned to a world that was colder, and darker, but far more real, or they lost themself to the fantasy, to the lie, disappearing into the shadows far, far below the hill, a cautionary tale whispered to travelers and children.  Don’t go too far, don’t go to deep, or you will be never find your way back out.
Tony smiled.  “Yeah, well, now that you mention it, neither could I.”  He took a step closer.  “Where ever that line is, Steve?  You haven’t found it yet.  And if you do, I’ll tell you.”
Isaiah smiled.  “Steve Grant Rogers,” he said, his voice amused, “I know you better than anyone alive, with the possible exception of that Barnes boy.”
Pepper never looked away.  “He had the right to do it,” she said, her voice quiet.  “Even if you hadn't been missing, he would've had the right.   He did all the negotiations.  And when you were missing-” Her mouth worked for a moment.  “The company was in chaos, Tony.  It was...  It wasn't a good time.  And a large government contract was the best thing he could've announced.  It wasn't a weapons contract, it was for things that were already highly monetized, but no one on the board, none of the analysts were doing anything but cartwheels with joy.  It stabilized the company at a time when we desperately needed it.  When no one was sure what our future was going to be.”
“She said you’re the best Tony Stark cosplayer she’s seen all weekend,” Harris said.  Tony stared at him, and he shrugged.  “I mean.  Plus side.  You’re the best ‘you’ she’s seen.”
The kiss was delicate, soft, almost gentle.  But Tony was in his arms, Tony's fingers stroking the back of his neck, their bodies so close that he could feel the heat of Tony's skin through the fabric of both their suits.
“That's...  Very descriptive,” Jan told her, her lips pursed.  She grabbed Clint's hand, and, one foot bare, he fell into step with her.
Obie’s eyebrows arched.  “You were your father’s little mouse,” he said, sucking on the cigar.  The tip flared red, casting shadows over his face.  “Always hiding under a table or behind a chair.”
“Already told him,” Clint said, balancing a bowl of eggs in the palm of one hand.  “So Stark found me in the library, robbing him.  The question is, where did Nat find me?”
“And that’s nearly as good,” Steve said, making Rhodes laugh.  Smiling, Steve gave him a nod.  “Thanks.  I might just take you up on that.”
“Tony would probably drink this,” Hitomi said.  She paused next to DJ, her hand smoothing over his hair.  He glanced up at her, his face adoring.  “Maybe we can show Steve how to make okayu, then he can make it for your father,” she said.  “Much better, when you are sick.”
Steve took a deep breath.  “Like you said,” he said, his arms falling back to his sides.  “Lie to me if it makes you feel better.  But don’t make the mistake of lying to yourself.”  He met Tony’s eyes without flinching.  “You knew where he was going, and you knew what he was doing there.”
"When you're out on the streets, Miss, you learn right quick when people have bad intentions towards you," he said.  He blinked, an expression of consideration crossing his young face.  "Or maybe only the ones who make it do.  An' the ones who don't, no one ever hears from them again, do they?"
“Issat so?” Happy ran a hand over his mouth and jaw.  Steve was pretty sure he was hiding a grin.  “I wouldn’t know.  I barely speak English.”   Before Steve could say something he’d probably regret later, Happy kept going.  “Woulda thought you’d approve, anyway.  We took both him and DJ straight home, figured the boss’d be safest there.”
“Sorry, Cap,” Tony said, and he was, he was sorry.  Sorry that people were horrible, mostly, but also sorry he'd gotten Steve into this.  “But they're going to do that.  They're going to do it a lot now.”
Jarvis ignored him.  “And yet, I was created to provide you with the help you required, not the help you wanted.”
He looked up at her, and there was something she couldn't quite read in his face.  As if he was trying to determine if she was to be trusted.  If she could be trusted.
"Helpful." Steve caught Seamus by the shoulder, turning him around and nudging him away from the stairs. "Did Hammer bring everyone?"
He crossed to the sink, turning the tap on and rinsing the bowl.  Miss Potts broke the silence.  “Officer?”  He turned, and she was right behind him, her hand extended.  “My friends call me Pepper.”
Tony found himself smiling.  "Very, very organized chaos," he said, and DJ grinned up at him, his expression almost smug.  Tony tossed a rag over his head, and DJ giggled.  "Right.  You-" He pointed a screwdriver in DJ's direction. "Are going to be a menace with a wrench."
“Deal.”  Steve leaned in, and Tony saw it coming, plenty of time to move away, to stop him.  Instead, he stood there, his heart stuttering to a halt as Steve brushed a kiss against his cheek.
Tony took a breath, and another, trying to gather his scattered thoughts.  “Put him in the sub-basement for now,” he said.  “He’s lying, but we don’t know about what, we may-”  He shook his head, cursing.  “He’s a liar.  He’s lied about everything, he’s lying about this now.  We need-”
Steve sat up, rocking Tony back into his lap.  “Why?” he repeated, and there was a strained note in his voice now.  “What happened?  Are you hurt?  What did you-”
Tony met him halfway instead, closing the distance, his free hand coming up to brace on Steve's shoulder as Steve's lips found his.
“It’s just we have more than a little too much,” Tony said, drawing Steve’s attention.  He was smiling, with that particular, familiar warmth that always made Steve’s stomach turn over.  “So, how many people did you tell them we were having?”
“Yes, we're running it.  Give me the rest of the photos so we've got something for the lawyers to cling to when the libel suits start rolling in.” Duck glared at them.  “Nice knowing you both, ladies, because you realize that if this blows up, it's going to ruin us all?”
“A fact which serves only to be a slight annoyance to the young man.  He's quite determined.  Very admirable.”  To Steve, he said.  “Come along, Officer.  I'll show you to your room.”
“As much as he hates me, he’s pretty hardy,” Jan mused.  “I really think we’d have to go through with the ceremony to get the full effect of his disapproval.”
“I thought maybe that might be the case.” She was trying not to laugh.  He appreciated that about her.  “Look, I’ll leave you to your misery.”
Tony banked hard left, slipping in the narrow gap between two buildings.  "You know, I know you're kidding, but I think, for the record, it's good for me to state that no.  No, that is definitely not one of mine."
Tony stared at the boys, all of them jostling for space and nearly bouncing off one another. “I'm going to have to take your word for that,” he said at last.
Clea took a breath.  “I think,” she said, and it was just as quiet as he was, “that he didn’t tell you he was coming to us, because he has no desire to remind you that he’s as much a being of magic as I am.”
Steve retrieved the file from his bag.  “Does Mr. Stark know that Miss Potts made the request?” he asked.
“Right.”  Steve straightened up.  “Jarvis.  Can you give me a report of everything that DJ bought last month?  What he used his money for, when he was spending money on himself?”
"Nothing good comes out of those three words." She shot him a look from under the brim of her clever little hat, but there was a smile playing around the corners of her mouth.
Her thumb rubbed against the side of the knife handle.  “And we agreed.  The night watch, it was dangerous.  We both knew that.  But Ben was a careful man, a reliable man, and he wanted to be able to provide for us, so Peter could attend school..”  Her thumb stilled, and her fingers tightened on the knife, her knuckles going white.  “So many boys in the neighborhood were in the factories by the age of eleven or twelve, and we were determined, that would not happen to Peter.  It would not.”
There was a phone on the wall, and Steve pointed at it  “Call them, now,” he said, heading for the filing cabinets where Hammer kept the files on the boys.  He heard Happy’s feet crunch through the glass shards that covered the floor, and turned his attention to the cabinet.
“Don’t ever do that,” Steve muttered, punching the keys on his register with more force than was strictly necessary.
“Are you playing hard to get?” Tony asked, and as he walked by, Steve scooped a pillow off of the bed ant threw it in Tony’s general direction.  Laughing, Tony knocked it away.  “Fine.  Preserve your modesty.  We’ll be waiting for you.”
Billy gave a hopping skip sideways, his feet pedaling comically in midair. "I'm workin' here, officer! Why can't you let an honest fella make an honest living without facin' this kind of harassment?"
“I know.”  Steve set a plate of cookies down on the workbench before he took a seat across from DJ.  “Do you want to talk about it?”
“I’d object to that, but it might be true,” Tony said.  He reached for the lamp on the bedside table.  “Want to come in and close the door so everyone else can sleep?” he asked.
“You don’t have to be good,” his father said.  “If you’re trying, if you’re working at something you want to do, than we’re proud of you for that.”  He reached over and snuck a piece of California roll off of DJ’s tray, and DJ held it out of reach.  “We’re always going to be proud of you.”
“Trust me.  So can a four star general,” Rhodey said.  He watched, eyebrows arched, as Shiro pulled the noodles out of the water and poured them into the bowls of broth.  “She says that her sewing circle watched your video.”
He spotted him, even as the word was leaving his mouth, desperate and helpless.  Tony was on one knee, but still upright, DJ clutched against his chest.  Steve saw the man facing him, saw the way his arm came up, saw the light catch on the barrel of the gun, and swung.
“Yes,” he gritted  out.  “On the floor.  Where you found it.  Before you chose to start meddling in things that aren’t yours, that aren’t any of your business, and it’s not none of this is, but you think you have the right to play aroudn with it, with our things, with our lives, you just want to revel in it, to fix it, to fuck it up, because you have this power, this power no one else has, and fuck that, fuck it all.
But once in, there was no way out, except to continue forward.  Steve was used to that.  To just making the best of a bad situation.  To trying to make it to the other side of a bridge as it burned away behind him, as it burned under him.
“What government, exactly, are we talking about here?” Clint asked.  “'Cause, there's a bunch that I can think of that might do this, and really, I need clarification before-”
Sam nodded.  “Sometimes we want things, very badly.  Things that are unlikely, or downright impossible.”  His head bobbed to the side.  “That kind of fantasy is natural, and even healthy, provided we can separate it from reality, and acknowledge that it is just that.  A fantasy.”
“I’m not saying it wasn’t a bad choice, or a stupid choice, but I’d like it noted in my file that what I was dealing with?” He held up a finger.  “Tony.  In full shutdown, ‘fuck you I know what I’m doing’ mode.”  He held up a second finger.  “Someone who, for all intents and purposes, is a second Tony Stark, but a teenager, so no sense of self-preservation or any concept of consequences.” He held up a third finger.  “Darcy.” He looked at Phil, at his hand, and back at Phil.  “So I did some stupid shit, Phil, but honestly, if I hadn’t, your backup plan for corralling THAT combination of people was…”  He let his voice trail away, his eyebrows arching.
Sam gave him a look, even as he straightened Steve's tie.  “C'mon, man, you can do this.” He took a step back, his hands clasped on Steve's shoulders.  “So.  Ready?”
Stark gave it a curious look over the rim of his cup.  “You want me to get that?” he asked, gesturing at the phone.
“Yes,” Steve said, rubbing a hand up and down Tony's back. He was learning the lines of Tony's body, the hard ridges of his spine and the arch of his ribs. He hated the scars, every one he found, every white line and pucker of the skin. But it was Tony, and Tony was everything he'd ever wanted. “Just a little bit.”
Tony spared him a glance as he plodded off, then went right back to his phone.  “You could just arrest her,” he pointed out to the Agent.
“I think we're going to consider them as part of the terms of surrender,” Steve said, steering Tony towards the stairs.  “You can keep the couch, he keeps the socks.”
But then Clint replied, with as much nonsense as he had before, and Steve wondered what the hell was happening here.
Steve straightened up, his cap tucked neatly under his arm.  The question hadn't been addressed to him, but he answered it anyway.  "Officer Steve Rogers," he said, his voice crisp.  "NYPD.”
They were silent, both of them staring at him, their faces unreadable.  He was used to that.  He had trouble with faces, because people made their faces do things that were lies.  People smiled when they weren't really happy and they pretended they weren't angry when they were.  DJ didn't trust faces, because there was something about them, about understanding the way that the pieces fit together, that he'd never quite grasped.
“Well, there could also have been a boyfriend,” Tony mused, and Steve gave up and buried his face in Tony’s shoulder.  Tony stroked his hair.  “I mean, I do not possibly know how you could be satisfying more than one person in bed on a daily basis and also making it down to breakfast in a timely manner, but it turns out you were working up all sorts of appetites.”
“Tomorrow, for breakfast,” she said.  She took his bowl from him.  “Any more tonight, and you’ll likely have trouble sleeping.”
"Of course, sir," Jarvis said.  "Officer Rogers, there is a small room just next to the one where we've put young DJ.  As that was once the nursery, there is a connecting room, designed to be occupied by the nanny.  While it is a very nice room, it is not a guest room."  He paused.  "Mrs. Parker and I have already tidied it, with the idea of one of us occupying it, in case our young guest needed reassurance during the night."
He had no idea when he’d fallen asleep.  But when he drifted back to consciousness, it was still dark outside; the grand windows that ringed Tony’s bedroom had the curtains drawn, but here and there, there were gaps in the heavy velvet, showing only a hint of moonlight.  Everything was still and quiet, and Steve permitted himself a moment of weakness, of stupidity, studying the lines and planes of Tony’s face as he slept.  That face was rapidly becoming familiar, becoming beloved, in a way that Steve didn’t understand, that he was almost afraid of.
“Never again,” Tony said, rinsing away the last of the soap suds.  He turned off the shower.  “You're no help at all, I don't know why I bother keeping your number in my contact list.”
“Right, I’m getting a slight disconnect between the words you’re saying and the way you’re saying them, so-” Harris started as the creature hopped down to the table, picking its way through the abandoned plates with a cat’s usual disdain for obstacles.  DJ watched, fascinated, as its body undulated through a series of curves, tail swirling around the stem of a champagne glass and paws flicking over the handles of discarded cutlery.
“Are you ashamed?” Jan asked, because she'd ever even heard of shame, let alone experienced it.  Her dark eyes wide, she fluttered her lashes at Obie.  “Perhaps you ought to be.”
Sam gave him a slight smile.  “Yes.  Yes, they really, really did.”  He leaned forward.  “You have a book of naked pictures of Tony Stark.  That you drew.  Over.  And over.”  His smile stretched.  “And judging by the look of horror on your face right now, you had no idea you were doing it.”
“Bet some of them have kids of their own.  But I bet you know best,” Steve said to Tony.   “That’d only make sense.  I mean, I’m sure none of them would be interested in seeing a show.”
May set the tray of coffee cups on the side table, steadying it with a careful hand.  “Oh, do you know?” she asked, smiling at Pepper.
“Just drive,” Tony snapped, yanking the passenger side door shut.  He looked back over his shoulder.  “DJ? What is it?”
Steve gave the handle an experimental tug.  To his surprise, the door opened easily, and a gust of wind tossed the curtains around his legs as he pushed it open.  Stopping only long enough to scoop up the tray, he stepped out onto the balcony.
“Listen, buddy, I’m trying, I can barely speak English, and I’m trying,” Tony said, grinning down at his cutting board.
Jan pulled away from Steve, letting him take his clothes from her arms.  He shoved them in the nearest box before she could decide to make another try for them.  “No, I don't live here, which means my only chance to judge people's living spaces if is they move.”
“Well, a working watch is better than a broken memento,” Tony said.  His head still down, he reached for one of the jars of instruments, and Pym nudged it closer to his hand.  He chose a long pair of needlepoint tweezers, mumbling a thank you under his breath.
Bobbi paused, her hands on the lapels of her coat.  “Has he, now,” she said, her voice musing.  Her eyes cut in Steve’s direction.  “Him?”  She pulled off the coat, handing it over, and Jarvis folded it neatly over his arm and held his hand out for her hat.  “You’re sure?”
“Sit down,” Natasha said, her voice bored, and he scrambled over to the counter, his legs flailing through the air as he landed on one of the stools.  Clint slid the plate in front of him, and Natasha added a few hefty slices of toast.  “Officer Rogers, would you like some toast?”
“I mean, you are nearly naked, if I don't at least make a try, I'll never forgive myself,” Tony said, holding out a hand.  “You understand.”
“So it is with magic,” Agatha said, giving her tea a quick stir.   “No matter how long ago a spell is cast, if one knows the caster well enough, you can see their fingerprints in the work.”  She raised the cup to her lips.  “Morgana is one I know well.  I fought her.  Many times over my life.  I was…  Displeased to feel the echo of her magic, when I thought her long since defeated.”
She sat up, little by little, Clint supporting her the whole way until she was upright.  “No,” she said.  She reached up, her fingers brushing against the tacky blood on her hairline. “Not...  Not really.”  She looked up.  “I don't think I am.”
"I need to stop hiring subtle people," Tony said, turning back to the approaching delegation.  Steve caught his eye.
“The council has put certain precautions in place while we attempt to track her, but as you might know, she is remarkably clever and just as dangerous,” Stephen said.
Steve gave a bark of laughter.  “Fair?  None of this is fair,” Steve said.  “I’m done waiting for fair, I just want…”  He stopped, his mouth a thin line.  “Do you trust me?  To do what’s best for him, and for you?”
“If I was born any further South, we’d be breaking up right now,” Drew said.  He looked at Harris.  “You want anything?”
Sam was standing directly across the hall from Steve’s front door, his shoulders and one foot braced against the wall. “Huh, half an hour earlier than you usually start your morning run,” he said, his thumbs tapping against his phone.  He didn’t look up  “Your unpredictability is sadly predictable.”
Bucky fell in next to Okoye, and she didn’t even look in his direction.  “Go,” she said.  “I’ll keep watch.”  Bucky didn’t reply, and her head tipped in his direction.  “He needs you.”
She shrugged.  “We always know when you’re coming, because the number of roombas doubles.”  She gave him a smile.  “Six-fifty.”
“And any parent who seeks to protect both their fortune and their family will make it clear to their child that such people exist.  That the child must be careful, because everyone wants what they have, and everyone will seek to take things from them that may not be theirs to give.”  Jarvis’ mouth went into a flat line.  “To put it in the simplest way, the child grows up with the knowledge that they are seen as a potential mark by a wide variety of conmen and thieves.
Without thinking, he reached out, his fingertips just brushing against the hollow of Tony’s palm.  Against the pad of his thumb.  Against the hard angle of his wristbone and the rough, calloused skin of his fingers.  There was a scar on the side of his hand, invisible to the eye but obvious to the touch.
He didn't really need much.  A few hours here and there, and he could survive.  Four or five a night, and he was fully rested.   He almost never got more than six a night, unless he was recovering from an injury.  He didn't need much.
“And that’s why it’s the best place, for something important,” DJ said.  “Because it looks like this.  No one else would believe it, either.”
Back at the candy counter, Rhodey and Tony were deep in conversation, DJ leaning against Tony's legs, his face a bit tense. But Tony was stroking his hair, and he seemed comfortable enough where he was, sheltered from the crowd.
“He's asleep on the other side of the ward,” Sam said, with a slight smile.  “I kicked him out when I got here, but he didn't get far.”
“Flatterer.”  Dancing past him, Pepper ran her fingers along the line of his jaw, going on tiptoe to brush a kiss against his lips.  “Seriously.  I should be finishing the invoicing, so if you could just do me one tiny favor...”
“Well, get over it, I'm not handling the debrief alone,” Steve told him. He relaxed back against the pillows, stacking his hands on his stomach.
“I don’t think any of you know how hard it is to get a caterer this close to the holidays,” she said, her hands on her hips.  Her head tipped to the side, her neat bob bouncing against the line of her chin.  “We don’t have that many choices.  I’m just lucky that I have a certain social capital here.”
Tony folded the bills and dropped them in the box, earning himself a pleased smile and a nod from the woman.  Steve reached out and took a black mask from the boy.  “Thank you.” Tony reached around him, taking a red one with glitter swirls along the edges.  “Subtle.”
They exchanged a look, Miss Potts' eyebrows arching, and Rhodes shrugged.  The quick, nonverbal communication passed in a handful of gestures, two people used to reading each other with a single glance engaging in an in depth conversation.
Suddenly exhausted, he wandered back to the living room, where Jarvis still had a fire going in the hearth.  He dropped down onto the couch, his breath leaving him in a soft groan.  For a moment, he just watched the fire.  He held the bells up in front of him and gave them one last shake.  They rang, clear and bright, in the silence of the room, and he leaned forward, dropping them onto the coffee table.
"I'm here, and I'm alone, and neither of us thought to bring a beard," Tony said, his voice tired.  "If I walk in there now, they're going to go nuts."
Tony wasn't running.  He wasn't.  Running would be a symptom of panic, and he absolutely was not panicking.  So he wasn't running.  He wasn't running.
“Fine.” Tony threw himself into his library chair, his head pounding already.  “So.  What is this about?”
Tony took an involuntary step back before he forced himself to hold his ground.  His chin came up.  "You wouldn't dare," he said.
“Armor's supposed to stay in the workshop,” Tony said, and DJ made a face.  “Yes, yes, your life is horrible and painful and so very unfair.”
“All right.  Let’s see if we can remember where the places go,” Steve said, pulling an armchair over for DJ.  “All the pawns in front, and the bigger pieces in the back, right?  Where does the king go?”
“What?”  His mother paused, glancing over her shoulder at him.  She smiled, her eyes warm.  “Whatever are you on about, Stevie?”
Steve felt his face heat.  “He's very fast, and very quiet when he wants to be,” he said.  He held out a hand to DJ.  “Come on, back inside.  You're going to be in the way.”
“Despite the many years you’ve worked together, Mr. Stane still believes he can predict your reactions under all circumstances,” Jarvis said.
“Don’t pick customer’s pockets,” he said, his voice hard.  To Steve, he said, “I’m sorry, my apprentice is a bit…”  His mouth worked.  “Impetuous.”
“And a lot of people fighting what they consider to be a religious war,” Logan said.  “He's the pleasant face of it.  Behind him?”  He shook his head.  “Lift a rock or two, and you'll start finding the hardcore hate groups.  The kind of people who were more than happy to see their money going towards sending a very big robot after a very little girl.”
Tony flipped the lock on the door with a twist of his wrist, ignoring the way it squeaked in protest.  “You’re the one that’s going to land us in jail,” he said, giving Hank a look.  “Can you stop deliberately antagonizing people?”
“Indeed,” Jarvis said, utterly unruffled.  “Officer Rogers, this is Mrs. Parker, the housekeeper.  Mrs. Parker, Officer Rogers.”
He took one step forward, then two, his feet flying over the sand.  Tony watched, his jaw tight, as the backpack unfolded, a series of plates swallowing his slim form.  In the space of half a dozen steps, he was airborne, the armor carrying him aloft almost before it had finished forming.  The roar of the repulsors was a physical force, hitting Tony in the chest, and he realized he was covering the arc reactor with one flat hand.
“Well, even with sir, he didn't function properly,” Tony pointed out, and DJ giggled against his knees.  Tony grinned at him.  “Oh, you think that's funny, do you?”  DJ nodded, and Tony nodded back.  “Right.  You would.”  He shifted, moving closer, his arm thrown across the back of the couch.  “But I left you behind a lot.  And this was...  This was the first time I left you behind, wasn't it?”
“Right,” Pepper said.  “You’re not allowed to go out with Clint.”  She drained the rest of her coffee.  “Or alone with Rhodey.”
DJ made a face, but he reached for the bowl, dragging it over.  It looked like a bowl of wallpaper paste, and probably tasted like it, too.  But Steve was looking at him, that tight, worried smile still on his face, and DJ took a determined bite.
Pepper and Rhodey exchanged a glance.  “Probably just the cat,” Rhodey said, a little too quick.  A little too smooth.
The massive ballroom had been decorated with a careful hand and an artistic eye.  Clusters of tables ringed the gleaming dance floor, their silvery white linens matching the glittering crystals in the chandeliers and lighting fixtures. The place settings were black with a matte gold edge, the champagne flutes gleaming crystal.  Tall, delicate, art deco style vases sat in the center of each table, overflowing with greenery and surrounded by gleaming pillar candles.
Jan Van Dyne came bouncing down the stairs, catching Hank by the shoulder and ducking around him.  “You said you’d call me!” she said, hopping down to the basement floor with both feet.  She stared down at her boots, her hands spread out at her sides.  “I still say there’s a magic word and you’re not telling me what it is.”  She spun in place, the gold and black fabric of her skirts swirling around her boots, her face tipped towards Tony.  “Tell me.”
“Band's all warmed up,” Clint said, leaning back against the counter.  “I mean, as warmed up as a string quartet can get.  They're trying to stay professional, but Hogan brought a lute and a lot of enthusiasm, so, look forward to that.”
The voice was expressionless, a flat, rumbling march of computer generated syllables.  A chill swept over Tony's skin, a physical sensation he tried not to notice.  “That sounds bad,” he said.  “I do not like the sound of-”
DJ poked his head over the top of the workbench.  He grinned at Sue, holding up a smoothie cup.  “Yours,” he said.
“Unfortunately so,” Jarvis said, smiling as Steve and DJ approached them.  “Good evening.  Are you sure I can’t persuade you to stay for dinner?”
Tony’s hand slid down to cup Steve’s ass.  “Pretty damn fine,” he said, and Steve burst out laughing.
“Making sure that you’re the only fool I have to deal with today,” Strange said, finishing with a flourish.  For an instant, the symbol hung in the air, a gleaming, glittering construction of light, spinning in place.
“Yeah, well, as you said, if I had any sense, I wouldn’t be in food service,” Steve said, opening the box.  He reached in with both hands, and pulled out a small, covered dutch oven.  He slid it across the counter, setting it in front of Tony, and offered him a pot holder.
Steve cleared his throat.  “No,” he said.  He sounded disapproving.  That was fine.  He was all right with that, he should be disapproving.  That was a lot of skin on display.  Even for a swimming costume.
“She would-” Stephen stopped, an unreadable expression flickering across his face.  His eyes closed.  “She’d be blocked.”
DJ looked at Steve, who smiled at him.  “Thank you, Thor,” he said.  “Deej, would you like to play with it?”
“Excuse me?” Steve said, and Jess plopped down on the bench next to him, throwing an arm around his shoulders.
"OOooookay," she said, trying to hide her cruller behind her back. Without looking up, Celia shoved a napkin across the desk at her.
“He does, doesn't he?”  Pepper fell backwards, and Tony caught her, amused as always by her easy trust.  “I rather like his choices.”
"I like getting expert advice," Steve said. To Morrison, he said, "It was a shock. It caught me off guard. One of my teammates asked me, if it hadn't happened before. And the truth was, it hadn't." He paused. "Since the serum."
“As much as I’d like to feign a business emergency, Pepper’s also on the guest list, and she will rat me out in a New York minute,” Tony said, easily keeping pace with Steve.  He smiled, tucking his hands in his back pockets. “Which I’m told is a shorter, and, in many ways, ruder minute.”
She gave him a sweet smile.  “Unlike you,” she said, with a toss of her head, “I don't have any secrets from anybody.  Except, of course, yours.”
"Yeah, well, that should probably be our company's new motto," Tony said. He reached for his coffee cup. "StarkIndustries: We've got a problem. It's catchy. Get me some workups, let's see what we can do with that."
“Someone had to be the cavalry,” Bobbi said, unconcerned.  “And I didn't get fired, so apparently I made the right choice.”
Tony's throat worked, but he couldn't quite manage the words.  Instead, he just took another sip of his coffee.
“Try,” Phil said, his voice dry.  “And if a temporal or interdimensional incursion has already occurred?”
“Sometimes.”  Laughing, Steve caught his hand, pinning it against his stomach.  “It's one of your more charming traits.” He tangled his fingers with Tony's as Tony's head came up.
“I'm Commander Henry Gyrich, head of Project Wideawake,” the voice said, seemingly unconcerned.  “And you are interfering with a government operation.”
Jarvis let out a little chuckle.  “Mr. Stark was quite adept at making sure his things were very durable,” he said.  From some interior pocket, he'd pulled a large white handkerchief and was wiping down the bedside table, whisking dusk away from the ornate glass lamp.  “And there is nothing he can break that can't be easily replaced.”
Tony took the box from him with both hands, cradling it between his palms.  “I love you,” he said, and it hit Steve like a body blow, knocking the breath from his lungs.
“You had like, six articles defending our position ready to go, didn't you?” Jess asked.  “You prepped for this argument and now no one's fighting you and you don't know what to do with yourself.”
"If I may?" Jarvis said, and both of them looked up.  "I apologize for eavesdropping, but perhaps my insight might be of use to you?"
His voice trailed away, and Clea nodded, her face pensive.  “Such is the lament of all parents, I suppose,” she said.  “All children will someday take a path that takes them away from the place where they began, down a road that their parents cannot walk with them.  All that can be done is to give them the tools they need.  And make sure they know, if their path proves too difficult, then they have another option.”
Steve's eyes slid shut.  “Buck says a lot of things,” he said, his voice gentle now.  He lowered Tony back to the bed, and crouched down in front of him.  “When I was a kid, yeah, I had bad lungs.  I had bad everything.”  He tried to smile.  “I got sick a lot.  But I'm not a kid anymore”  He spread his arms wide.  “I got better. Look at me, Tony.  I'm fine.”
“I think we both know what I like,” Steve said.  “And it’s mostly you.”  He pulled himself away, inch by painful inch.  “I’ll eat something.”
He walked across the kitchen, sliding a knife out of the block as he passed.  “You.”  He waved it in the direction of the boy hovering by the table, his hat in his hands.  “Sit and eat.  Jarvis’ll bring Mr. Stark’s reply as soon as it’s ready, and in the meantime, you’re getting in my way.”
"I want my legacy to be changed by this," Steve said. "Because I did the things I did. I fought for my country, I sacrificed-" He shook his head. "I sacrificed everything for my country, and more than that, for an ideal. Not for what we are, but what we can be. And in the end, I fully expected to die for that, Mr. Morrison. Nothing can change that."
“It wasn’t that-”  She gave him a disbelieving look, and he smiled. “Okay.  It was.” She laughed again, and Steve braced his hands on the bench on either side of his hips.  “Is that all you needed?”
Natasha arched an eyebrow.  “I’m going to have to cast my vote with the Council of Lesbians,” she said.
Tony's nails scraped through the short hair at the nape of Steve's neck, making him shudder and groan against Tony's lips.  Tony grinned into the kiss, filing that tidbit away for future study.  “Your place,” he whispered, nipping at Steve's jawline.  “Let's go.”
“Just you,” Natasha said, stirring her coffee.  She licked the bowl of her spoon. “The rest of us joined up because the alternative was jail time.”
He suspected Rogers would spontaneously combust, and he felt a pang of grief that he'd never see it happen.
“Of course not,” Jarvis said.  He folded Steve’s coat over his arm.  “I’ll see what can be done to fix this.”
“And he’s still doing it,” Natasha said.  “He seems to enjoy the task, we’ve offered him something different to do several times,  but he seems content with what he’s doing.”
Stark slid in, pulling the door shut behind him.  “Steve’s got this thing about being a good role model,” he said, settling in into the seat with a sigh.  He set the cup in the driver’s side cup holder and tossed the tray over his shoulder into the back seat.  “Coffee. Black.  With a double shot.
"Uh-huh," Steve said, scooping DJ up and setting him on the chest.  "Well, then, want to help me polish mine?"
"Good enough."  She bounced away, grabbing a massive binder from a nearby table.  "Now, about the appetizers-"
“You are enough trouble already,” Steve told him.  “Keep this up, and you'll have nothing but tea and broth today.”
“Look, I don't think-” Tony shoved a hand through his hair. “He's not...”  His voice trailed away, and he glanced across the room towards where DJ had disappeared.  “We make it clear to him that he gets to choose what form he takes.  Sometimes he's a bot.  Sometimes he's a bot for days.”  He shrugged, a quick twitch of his shoulders.  “There may not be a kid for them to play with, Sue.”
“Is he all right?”  In the front, a flash of red hair.  Pepper.  She sounded afraid and Tony didn’t understand.  Didn’t know why she sounded afraid.
