“Okay. Lead the way then,” Dean gestured to the bedroom door, still feeling like he was completely justified in jumping to kinky conclusions when it came to Gabriel. The man had a vibe, and he seemed proud of it.
“Ah, I forgot you’re into the sweating and running around thing and don’t have time to read.”
Dean winked at Cas, who was perched on the edge of the bed, and ducked into the bathroom to rinse out his mouth.
all at the same time.
Cas jogged to the door, then closed and locked it before running back into the bathroom.
“Nothing broke because of you Cas. Look around. I’d give anything to be this close to my family. They love you and
But it makes no sense for Dean, because it had never been like this. He had never been allowed a say. When he stumbled through bars, drunk, high, he’d get exactly what he bargained for, a man who would take whatever he wanted and leave Dean loose, dripping, burning with shame.
“Hi. Here’s the plan. Castiel will pose as a reporter and interview the doc as a distraction. You and I will snag some gear and let ourselves into the ward room. Hopefully the children are all in one place and we can take them out of there before Castiel runs out of questions,” Sam finished, jabbing a thumb in Cas’s general direction. It was rude, but the fact that he had been included in the game plan at all made Cas bite back his snarky reply and respond with something tamer.
“Gee thanks. I feel real good about myself now,” Cas said, rolling his eyes. He clicked his lock back in place and turned to walk towards his math class. Hannah fell into step beside him even though her class was in the opposite direction.
Cas looked briefly at the sky, but then found it much more interesting to watch the colours reflected in Dean’s eyes instead. It was rare that he had the chance to look at him so openly, but Dean was entranced and didn’t seem to care. His face was so much more relaxed lately, the dark bruised skin under his eyes had lightened now that he was getting regular sleep. He was less pale, and with the slight tan, freckles bloomed over his skin.
“Shut up Raf, its way past her bedtime,” Anna said quietly. “Speaking of which, we should be heading in.” She gently lifted Hazel from Dean and tucked her into her shoulder. Dean felt suddenly very cold and exposed, so he stood as well.
Castiel smirked, a look which was complete and pure evil. “It’s Gabe’s turn to pick this year, so be prepared for extra cheese.”
look again and that did it. Cas was his boyfriend and he would sleep in his room if he wanted to.
He brushed a finger over it, stomach sinking. In the last few years, his soulmate’s injuries had been on and off. Sometimes there were long stretches where no new tattoos appeared. Sometimes Castiel’s skin was littered and dark with them.
“Here, I’ll just show you.” Cas wrote out a quick
He exhaled slowly and tried hard not to think about the last few hours. It was so stupid of him to have gone off after that teeny female vamp when he’d seen her run off. He remembers vaguely that she had bitten him. He remembers attacking Castiel and he remembers being hungry to the point of pain.
Sam dragged a filthy hand through his hair, frantic.
“Of course,” Cas answered. He walked out of the bathroom quickly before he could say something stupid, like
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel wasn’t born yesterday, he knew what the marks were, what they meant…but he had never noticed one on himself, and…never like this. He felt like someone had filled his insides with crushed ice. If this was really a soulmate mark, then it meant his soulmate was getting seriously hurt
“Eh its not so bad. I stay on top of it,” Dean answered, taking a sip of his coffee.
“Please put your shirt back on Dean,” He said, suddenly sure that if he saw the bruises again he would go out and murder Dean’s father with his own bare hands, which overall wouldn’t be great for his future job prospects.
Dean followed her gaze to the short curvy girl leaning casually against the edge of a booth table.
Cas squirmed slightly over Dean, making him immediately aware of how hard they were, pressed together. Dean looked at Cas in alarm, wondering if this was okay. There had to be some rule that said you couldn’t lust over an angel like this, but in the brief second that he considered it, Dean found he didn’t care. Let him be smited. This was worth it.
“Yes you definitely are,” Dean agreed cheekily, earning a swat on the arm. He leaned back and tugged Cas into a sitting position.
Cas slipped his arm through Dean’s.
The night filtered back to him in fuzzy pieces, and he wanted to worry about whether or not he had thrown himself at Cas, but he was too distracted by the dark lashes against Cas’s sleep flushed cheeks. His hair looked even messier than usual, like someone had run their fingers through it.
“Thank you for finding me.”
“Go say hi,” he urged.
“I swear I’m fine Cas. I just need a minute,” Dean said through gritted teeth.
“Got it,” Dean said. A small part of him found the information interesting, but the rest of him was tense, already in fight mode. He just wanted this over with so he could go home and study.
He reached a hand up and threaded it through the hair at the back of Dean’s head, pulling him gently down. Dean let himself be guided to Cas’s chest, where he pressed an ear against his heart. It was easier to think without his eyes locked onto Cas’s clear blue ones.
Dean’s flannels and jeans appeared one day, folded in a drawer of Castiel’s closet. The Impala was parked on the driveway when Dean was home, but even when the spot beside his car was empty, Castiel didn’t freak out. He knew it would be filled again soon.
The walk to campus wasn’t long, fifteen minutes at most if he took his time, but he never took his time. The apartment was in a fairly seedy part of the city, and although Dean wasn’t outright scared to be there, he wasn’t entirely at ease, what with the faceless eyes trailing him from the alleys and the broken glass and cigarette butts crunching under his shoes.
There was a group of about thirty or so people at the door of the huge barn. A worker was reading an elaborate tale about how someone got kidnapped earlier that night and it was up to the group to find clues and rescue them. She went over some rules and explained that the entire barn was open for exploring, then wished them luck and tugged the barn doors open, hinges rusted and squeaking.
Castiel knocked on the window and to his relief, the man jumped up. He turned and gave Cas a furious look, and that’s when everything seemed to freeze. It was Dean.
” he answered sassily, then grabbed Sam’s hand and tugged him towards the ticket booth. It wasn’t expensive, six bucks entrance fee for the both of them, and Dean exchanged the rest of the twenty for tickets. He handed them all to Sam, who bounded straight inside and spun in a slow circle, looking at everything all at once. Dean came up behind him and put a hand on his shoulder. If he kept that up he’d be too dizzy to have any fun.
Dean tore his eyes away before he could be caught staring, but Castiel didn’t seem to have noticed, because this face lit up with sudden excitement.
Castiel set an alarm, then made himself a cup of tea and finished most of it before the pull of exhaustion drew him to bed. His head hit the pillow and he was out like a light.
“Its not a date Benny, its a charity event,” Dean huffed, picking the bag up curiously.
injuries.
It didn’t take long, but by the time he stepped out of the bathroom in jeans and a dark green flannel, Cas had fixed a plate of sandwiches and was sitting at a kitchen stool.
“You got this, keep it moving!” Dean called out, clapping a few times for emphasis. The boy made it through without another incident.
“I’d love to,” Cas smiled. He threaded his fingers with Dean’s and tugged him towards the parking lot where the bus was waiting.
He closed the door, undid the latch, and opened it wide. The man was swaying. He looked like someone had put him through a meat grinder.
“I said tilt your neck.” The man repeated, anger shading his voice darkly. He gripped Cas under the chin and wretched his head sideways, then leaned in closer. Cas watched with a frozen, fascinated sort of horror as another pair of teeth grew from his reddened gums, razor sharp.
“You know we never get any studying done if Cole is around,” Dean protested. He didn’t quite know why he said that because honestly, it didn’t matter if they studied or not. He was up to date in all courses and the only thing he would have worked on was reviewing the day’s lectures.
Dean sat heavily on the muddy forest floor and held his head in his hands.
They glanced at one another, unsure.
“Ehhh, Bobby. That’s no way to talk to a freshly victorious hunter,” John said, proudly smacking Dean on the back. The shards of pottery in his skin bit deeper under his father’s hand.
Dean felt a sweep of power run through his body; bones knitted themselves back together, bruises were wiped away, and even his muscles relaxed, leaving him feeling loose and warm.
Cas looked at him. Really looked at him. Dean was ruffled, the area beneath his eyes was dark, his skin was pale, and he was thinner than he had been last time Cas had seen him. Thinner than he had been right after he got out of
Dean was truly looking forward to the tryouts. All the boys on the team usually showed up to participate, even though they had a guaranteed spot. After the tryouts, it was the team’s tradition to host a beachside campfire for all those who came out to play.
He reached up, transfixed, forgetting entirely about the makeout session they had been in the middle of.
“I’m going to get some groceries and medical supplies today.” Sam informed the boys as he gathered his and Cas’s bowls to the sink and placed them down. “Do either of you need anything specific?”
“Yeah Cas and I -“
good. But all at once the memories flooded in and he tensed. He was suddenly back on that cold concrete floor, pinned down by arms much stronger than his, legs pushed apart by thighs more muscular than his own.
this much.
Dean was gone.
As mentioned in the previous chapter notes, I'm going to be doing a 10 prompts in 10 days challenge and am open to prompts either Supernatural or Sherlock related. Feel free to comment your brilliant (or silly or fluffy or angsty or whump or steamy or etc.) ideas below or DM them to my Instagram @oneofawall. Stay safe!
“Gabriel is gonna kill me.”
“Cas we started this, we’re going to finish it right” Dean said sternly, pushing Cas back to lay on the bed and crawling up beside him. He boldly spread his hands over the angel’s chest, and felt the slow warmth of the grace in him interacting with Cas.
“Dean!” Cas protested, shaking dried kernels out of his hair. “We’ve gotta focus. I don’t want to lose.”
Do what? Tell the truth?
“I’m sorry,” Dean repeated, voice raw from tears. He really meant it; was really, truly sorry. He hadn’t ever intended for the night to end like this.
“How long have I been out?” Cas finally managed to ask. Probably not the most important question but it was something.
Forty minutes later, the conditioning portion was finished and the boys were dripping sweat in the afternoon sun. Coach Mills had been walking through the group, taking notes on her clipboard. Dean was very glad to not be on the other end of that scrutinizing gaze.
John Winchester.
“No. It looks really good actually.”
“Same thing. What were you like growing up?”
“You can’t keep lugging them across the country like this, John. Do you know what they’ll do if they find out these boys aren’t in school?”
“You’ll pay for that,” The man snarled.
“I messed you up Cas. I can’t hurt you and let you fix me. How twisted would that be?” Dean mumbled.
“Dean,” Cas said, his voice breaking. How could he explain to this man that he was completely unequipped to deal with any injuries worse than a paper cut?
He couldn’t let this happen. He
“Whiskey. Keep them coming,” he said shortly to the bartender, who pulled out three shot glasses from under the bar and filled them. Dean knocked back two and slid them away, cradling the third.
He stood and walked to the back of the room where Hannah, Charlie, and Balthazar were well into their lunches. They fell silent when Cas approached.
He slipped on his shoes, swung his backpack over his shoulder, and locked the door behind him. There were a few coffee houses, but Dean preferred the dark cozy one halfway between his apartment and the school. Its front sign had fallen to pieces long before Dean had ever stepped foot into the shop, and he had never bothered to ask what the place was called.
“Truth,” Bal answered immediately.
Dean took a huge bite of his burger and chewed twice before turning to Cas. “So what do you want to do tonight?”
“You promised you’d call yesterday, what happened? Did you get caught up in all the cool classes?”
This might have been the peak intimate gesture between any other two people, but Dean still felt like Cas didn’t quite understand the meaning of this, so he refused to do anything more than sit back and soak in Cas’s presence.
“Dean,” Cas murmured, bringing his hands to rest lightly on the muscles beside Dean’s spine. Dean sighed into it, relaxing a little against Castiel’s chest, so Cas leaned back until he hit the pillows that had somehow ended up piled behind them, then pulled the blanket up over them both.
“Are you okay?” Sam asked after a pause. He picked a shard of clay out of Dean’s palm and although Dean didn’t react, Sam winced for him.
“Its not all mushy with love scenes and heart to heart talks?”
“Hey! I didn’t expect to see you here.”
“Dean.” Cas sighed, exasperated. “Why won’t you let me heal you?”
“Are you sure you can
“Benny, you should stay. I’m fine on my own.”
“Are you in love with me?” Dean clarified, surprisingly calm.
“I’m just messing with you little brother. No need to get your panties in a twist.”
If you couldn't tell from reading my other work, I really really loathe John. Totally and completely. In this house, we hate John.
Sam swallowed and shook his head. “We literally just got back yesterday Dean, you’re totally beat up.
As soon as he was out of sight, Benny removed his arm and Dean went boneless, slumping down in the chair and letting his face fall into his hands.
“Well, don’t. I owe you nothing,” Dean snapped. He was instantly embarrassed for lashing out, couldn’t even explain to
“I can’t just worship you? Kiss every inch of your skin? Pay attention to every freckle, every scar?”
Dean smiled at him and let go of his arm to open the little freezer and remove the pie.
He sat on the edge of a barstool like he didn’t trust the chair. Cas set down the glass he had been wiping and slung the dry cloth over his shoulder.
It took almost a whole second for the cold from the ice cream to seep into his head, and he scrunched up his face to try and ward it off.
“Well good thing I boiled all my pasta then,” Bobby answered. He pulled down four plates and mixed a strainer full of noodles into the sauce. Some were long and thin, some twisting, some looked like little bows.
“Hi,” Dean mumbled, face still half buried in Castiel’s shirt. He had no intention of moving whatsoever.
“It’s getting late,” Hannah said, eyeing her watch. Cas looked up at the sky. The sun was long gone and all that was left was the reflection of the city lights in the clouds.
“Seventeen, John. Last I checked, that wasn’t a man.”
“Ugh, I am so not ready for the weekend to be over,” Charlie groaned, kicking her board up into her hand.
“-left, and I
“Well you tell him hi back. Be safe okay? Both of you.”
because I ruined the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”
He continued obediently up the stairs, and didn’t stop until he had gathered a change of clothes and set them on the bathroom counter. He turned to shut the door behind him, but Sam had appeared in the doorway. His angular teen face was pinched tight with worry.
Wherever she was, whoever she was... she had hurt herself. For
I struggled so much with this chapter. I don’t even know how it really turned out because I skim edited, but I don’t want to look at it anymore so…moving on.
As promised, second update today! The movie portion of this chapter is inspired by a prompt from the lovely eyeslikewildflowers
“For blood. These guys are vampires or something. Who the hell needs that much human blood?”
Cas nodded and smiled around a forkful of fruit. From somewhere in the house, a clock struck 9 and the gentle toll of its bell brought Dean back to reality. Tonight would be a dream come true but before then there was work to be done.
to see that smile all the time. Heck, even just
Dean briefly debated lying, but what if John had seen Sam walking home with a friend? The only thing worse than disobedience was being caught lying about it.
painful. Cas bit at his cheek, determined to keep it together.
Cas took a bite for himself and his eyes flew open. “We forgot the ice cream!” He pulled the small tub out of the freezer and opened it, offering it to Dean, who took a spoonful and fed it to Cas. They continued taking bites, sometimes eating, sometimes feeding it to each other until the pie had a large hole in the middle and the ice cream was stained purple from the berries.
He ended up microwaving a bag of popcorn, tipping it into a bowl, and setting it on his low coffee table along with two beers. As an afterthought he opened a package of black liquorice and set that down too. No movie night was complete without black liquorice.
Charlie smiled, set some cash down on the counter, and picked up the cup the teen had prepared for her. Dean watched the exchange with a small smile. It was weird to think people had their own totally separate lives; Charlie had her own routine down so solidly that she no longer had to order, the staff knew her already.
controller wouldn’t listen to him.
He flung himself out of bed and didn’t even bother to put a robe on, just ran out in nothing but boxers.
got his attention. Castiel glanced briefly over to him, but then he made his way to the teacher’s desk without a word. Dean followed behind, wondering what the teacher could possibly need with both of them.
Bal raised both hands in defense. “I am not a
Castiel moved on to crumble some feta cheese into the bowl. Dean seemed absorbed in watching him and Cas let it happen. The silence was comfortable, almost domestic.
to cry. He watched the time, and every three hours, like clockwork, he mixed together exact amounts of formula and water, and carefully fed Sam. When he smelled bad, Dean changed and washed him, being overly careful not to drop or hurt him. When Sam blinked at him slowly, Dean propped a pillow on the bed and laid his brother on his chest, talking to him about anything and everything until he fell asleep.
him into it. As though he had
“If something changes you’ll let me know?”
Dean laughed for real this time, but accepted the roses and pulled Cas into a sweaty hug, knowing by now that he didn’t mind.
“Change Dean, I’ll be just outside,” Bobby said, voice tight and carefully controlled.
indication of his soulmate getting hurt, even if it was something small.
Charlie smiled sweetly at him and promised to send some photos as soon as she finished editing. Cas waved her off, now honestly curious about what shots she could have possibly gotten while they were walking. He checked to make sure his phone and keys were still in his jacket and took off for the forest once more.
Dean joined in on a version of happy birthday that was surprisingly off key for such a musical family. It seemed each brother stubbornly stuck with their own rhythm and starting note, and kept with it the entire way though. Gabriel finished singing a good twenty seconds after everyone else with an overly dramatic slide of notes, but Cas didn’t seem to mind. He grinned and blew out the candles, accepting first a hug from Dean, then a squeezing clinging one from Hazel.
“W-“ he coughed again. “What?”
That was…unprecedented.
A pause.
“So what does the rest of your family do Cas? You said four brothers and a sister? What about your mom?”
“Candy here wants to steal me away for a little while. You don’t mind do you?”
“Balthy is around here somewhere,” Gabriel said much too close to his ear. His words slurred together just enough to hint at the couple of drinks he had already downed.
Cas took his elbow and tugged Dean up a staircase he hadn’t noticed before. They emerged in a cup like structure jutting out from the wall. Dean looked around quickly and noticed that this was one of many little rooms like it. He had a view of the stage from above, and if he looked down over the thick carved railing, he could see the rest of the audience filing into the sloped seats below.
“You don’t. If you hit a dead end, you go back, and you hope that you remember where you’ve already been so you don’t hit the same dead end again.”
“No Cas,” he finally breathed out quietly. “Whether it was me that tore your wings apart that bad or not, I can’t take the easy way out, especially not if you’re still hurting.”
“Gabriel! Dean is not my—“
“We had a great day. There is literally no reason on earth for me to be upset right now.”
“Cassie! It’s your aunt, Amara.”
slid easily past his ears. He didn’t question why Cas chose a pronoun instead of the ambiguous
Damn. Just when he thought he’d gotten away.
going to wax poetic about a sneeze.
“Any preference Dean?” Gabriel asked, gesturing to the collection of personal pizzas that he somehow just kept pulling out.
Dean shook his head and took a bite. It was…okay it was totally worth it to wait the extra minute to properly roast the marshmallow. Cas didn’t wait for an answer so he could gloat. He just laughed at Dean’s expression and went on to toast the next marshmallow.
Cas smiled and joined him, looking over at the emptying theatre.
He had not a
“Mr. Winchester?”
“Well, then I guess we’ll figure things out together. And if something goes wrong we’ll talk it through.”
“Try and get some sleep, son. I...have to head down to the shop for a bit, but I’ll be back tonight. You think you’ll be okay?”
“Happy birthday,” Cas said with a wide smile, hugging his friend back.
“That shouldn’t be a problem,” Cas said with a slightly sheepish look. “Gabriel has a whole closet full.”
“He said casual. Its a picnic on the beach.”
He pulled into his driveway, parking the car halfway on his tiny patch of grass to leave room for Dean's car as well. Something swelled and burst in his chest as he watched Dean pull up beside him. The cars looked like they belonged there together.
With his free hand, he worried at the edge of the bandages on his right arm, the three tattoos on his left flashing at him darkly. Cas had stopped bothering to hide the tattoos in general a long time ago. The huge, dark evidence of his soulmate used to get him teased when he was younger, but people rarely paid him any mind about it now.
“Dean-“
“Cas, please,” Dean begged softly. Cas trailed his fingers up and back down Dean’s sides. Dean shivered under his touch.
“Umm. No. Its the exact opposite actually.” Dean sat down beside Cas on the bed and turned to face him. He focused on calming his erratic heart, which went wild so close to Cas.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel reached down and picked up their shirts, tossing Dean his and tugging his own over his head. Dean yanked it on, then cast one last look around the clearing before turning to leave.
“No, seriously.”
Cas looked at him in wonder. He must have misheard, there was no way he was worthy of any sort of affection from the hunter. Not from Dean..
When he got there, he walked right in without knocking and went down the steps to the basement. Both Bal and Hannah were already sprawled over the sofa, controllers in hand, concentration etched on their faces.
The world went black.
The sound returned to his ears and it was only then that he realized it had been missing. Cas took a breath and the world came back into focus. All around him, the children were stirring in their beds.
Castiel let out a ragged sob when a third and cursedly longer tattoo appeared. At this rate, he might never even find out. It was rare
. It had confused Dean back then; he was young, and had never seen his dad let a monster walk away. Had never seen John give
This would not last long. It was too much. The smell of Cas was heady and filled the room, a manly musky scent that drove Dean insane. He wanted to inhale it all. The wings fluttering and trembling at his touch, brushing over his arms and leaving the skin buzzing and alive. The sweet friction where Cas was moving against him. It was all too much. Dean felt like he was going to finish in his pants like a freaking teenager.
If Dean had been less sleep deprived, or even less buzzed, he may have jerked away and convinced himself that Cas must not have pulled him down on purpose. As it was, he just didn’t care enough to analyze the movement. Cas was warm and soft and dammit just way too comfortable.
guided the car past the cursed finish line, Cas tossed the controller onto the cushion beside him and flopped back, groaning.
Charlie flipped him a lazy one finger salute and walked down to get her board. She did a couple swipes down the metal bar, then spent some time working on some complicated looking tricks. After another fall - 9 out of 10 - she walked back over to them, breathing hard.
His mind was swirling with questions, but the state seemed to be a new norm whenever he was around Dean. Cas wondered vaguely if he should have taken a few therapy courses at the local university while he had had the chance.
Cas simply stared, then, without warning, he nodded and dropped his towel.
Cas was right about that, the steady flow of kids had significantly dwindled down in the past hour. Dean could imagine that Hazel had also called it quits and gone back home a while ago. Castiel’s brothers were…somewhere. Probably already retired for the night.
“We should head down,” Dean said reluctantly. Cas pulled away slowly and they went to meet the team downstairs.
“It’s...Dean,” Cas said, unsure of how to really discuss this. Unsure of what to say. He didn’t feel entitled to the man, so even his worries and frustrations seemed invalid.
“Anything external?” He asked, voice tense.
I'm really on the fence with how smutty I want this fic to turn out...please please let me know what level of steamy you'd like to see. Scale of 1-10?
Cas first reached out and lightly pressed the fingers of one hand to Dean’s arm. When Dean didn’t move, he gently pried the empty glass from Dean, set it down on the counter, and pulled Dean into a tight hug. Only once he was pressed against Castiel’s steady chest did he realize how hard he was shaking.
Cas hit him on the arm. “Get your mind out of the gutter. Hazel is obsessed with playing dress and Gabriel is obsessed with Hazel, so he buys all sorts of random things. You should see the stuff they come up with,” Cas shook his head fondly.
Just as he popped the last fry into his mouth, his phone trilled from his back pocket. Dean was pleasantly surprised to see Cas’ name on the screen. He swallowed quickly before answering.
Cas nodded slowly, even though he was feeling more and more like crap with every passing second.
The man didn’t say anything, just pulled out his wallet and dropped a couple crumpled bills on the bar. Cas started to shake his head but the instant glare the man gave him told him he would take any monetary help as very unwelcome charity.
Dean was semi productive. He got through almost two chapters and mostly managed to ignore the tanned strip of skin taunting him from where Cas’s shirt had lifted. The book was interesting, but he was glad when Cas snapped his shut and swung off the bed, stretching his arms above his head.
“Weakling,” Dean teased, reaching down to help Sam up even though he felt too unsteady to stand on his own, let alone support someone else. “You said you can handle speed.”
“I love..” He cut off, heart racing, “them.”
The rest of his morning classes passed like they were happening to someone else. He walked to the lunchroom without remembering how he got there, then sat at a table for ten whole minutes before he remembered that it wasn’t his usual table.
Cas huffed out an annoyed breath, or what would have been an annoyed breath if he was still in full control over. He made a pointed effort to keep completely still and not react again.
“Relax Bobby, he’s probably partying.”
“Hey son,” John greeted brightly, rolling the glass down.
“Good night Dean,” Cas said in a low voice.
Cas’s stomach dropped through the floor. Whatever he expected, it wasn’t this.
It all came crashing back then. The parking lot. The cage. The bowl. The blood.
But they drove the rest of the way in silence, and Dean watched as tree after tree whizzed by. When John finally parked, the sun was already low in the sky. He followed his dad to the trunk of the car and accepted the machete he was handed. John also gave him a gun, which he tucked snugly into his waistband. The metal was cool and familiar against his back.
“No. For Crocotta. I got a tip about one that’s holed up in a warehouse next town over. It’s been picking off the locals. You interested?”
They had.
Castiel wasn’t normally one to obsess over what he was wearing, but the first day of high school was an important one, and he wanted to make a good impression. Even so, he was getting frustrated with his own indecision. He was now standing in front of the mirror, adjusting the hem of a light blue t-shirt over his dark jeans, and wondering if the outfit was too casual to say
After scrambling and fighting for dominance, Castiel found himself pinned to the ground, a forearm pressed tight to his throat and his arms somehow twisted underneath him. He looked up at his attacker, fully prepared to beg for his life, when he saw startlingly familiar eyes looking down at him.
Dean however, looked frozen in place. For a moment he sat so still it didn’t even look like he was breathing, but then he stood and walked silently to the fridge.
“Ahhh and here you are all high and mighty trying to make me feel guilty. We gotta find you a girlfriend man, you’re way too absorbed in your fancy textbooks,” Dean teased.
But it was
Without looking at him, Dean dropped his bag roughly to the ground and dragged a chair closer to Cas. He plopped himself down into it just as roughly, and tossed his jacket over the empty half of the table. His movements were harsh.
With the tentative plan in mind, he packed a quick lunch and made the short walk to school. The sun was up by now and was slowly warming the air. Dean dropped into his usual seat and was surprised to find Cas already there, bent over a book.
“Did you eat?”
“Thanks, I like your shirt,” Charlie complimented back, nodding to the simple grey top Hannah was wearing. Castiel watched the exchange, marvelling at how girls seemed to have a language of their own. They jumped into the conversation so easily, as if they had known and liked each other their entire lives.
Dean smiled slowly, and it felt like the sun was rising.
That seemed so long ago now. He wondered where the time had gone and what went wrong along the way. It was hard to sort out his emotions. When his father was alive, he respected him out of fear. Every order, every suggestion, was followed immediately. He would spend hours trying to think ahead and anticipate, because if his father thought he should have done something and it wasn’t done, that was already enough to warrant a good beating. Dean was always terrified, always maximally stressed, but he got so good and putting on a mask. He became a safe spot for both Adam and Sam, even his mother when she would allow it. Nothing got to him, he never rebelled, was always calm and helpful on the outside.
Something clenched in Cas’ chest, like they were both looking into a deep dark pit and inviting the messy conversation that lived at the bottom to crawl to the surface. Opening a can of worms, as the humans called it. He pressed his lips together and met Sam’s eyes, willing him to just get it over with.
with worry.
“Can I?” Dean asked almost reverently, hand hovering over a wing. Cas nodded consent and Dean let his fingers slip into the feathers. He gasped. They were warmer, more alive than he had expected them to be. The blackened feathers rippled and fluttered under his curious touch.
Dean flinched, trying to push the memories away and focus on the good thing he had going right now, but they shouldered their way to the front of his mind, rude and dark and insistent.  All at once he wasn’t in bed with Cas anymore, he was miles away, helpless; at the mercy of hands that only wanted to hurt him.
“What do you want?” Dean interrupted, suddenly feeling very sick and more than ready for this conversation to end. Of course he would remember this guy. Some stupid decisions you never forget.
Castiel tried to twist out of his grip and towards the mirror again, but Gabriel only held him tighter.
He carefully shuffled his papers on the desk, dropping his eyes as he considered what to say to get Dean’s hackles down. “No, but I will help you if you have questions,” Cas answered mildly. Dean squinted at him. Something shifted in his eyes, like he was trying to read Cas - to figure out what game he was playing - and he’d just gotten his answer.
aren’t you?”
Eventually, his breathing slowed and evened out, and he became a limp pile of muscle on Castiel’s thigh. He continued to thread his fingers through Dean’s hair, almost absentmindedly.
“Are you okay?”
“I guess I could just shower then?” Dean suggested. He sounded uncertain, which didn’t exactly put Cas at ease.
Cas turned, wings fluffing larger in defence before he realized the human was not a threat.
“This is creepy,” Cas whispered by his ear. From outside the tunnel, there was a loud bang and several people screamed.
Dean took one last look at Cas’s serene sleeping face and padded silently out of the room to get dressed. He eventually made his way to the kitchen, mostly following the scent of something cooking .
From the shadows behind a gravestone, a soft rope snaked out and wrapped itself around Dean’s arm. Another came out and tangled through his legs.
“How was it?”
“Okay then. One bubble bath coming right up,” He said jokingly as he went to adjust the temperature on the tub’s faucet. Dean watched his naked form and marvelled at how perfectly comfortable Cas seemed, like he had all the time in the world.
Cas and Dean shared a split second glance, then bolted. Dean quickly overtook the entire team. He felt like a real superhero, tearing up the ground, running as fast as his legs would go in the chilled night air, cape billowing behind him, feet barely skimming the ground. He slowed to a stop against a hay bale and took off his mask so he could catch his breath. Cas crashed to a stop against him not long after that.
Castiel twisted towards the mirror, blankly looking at his puffy red eyes. Right then, a black handprint appeared on his left cheek.
“I’ll do it,” A shorter asian kid said, stepping forward.
“Are you cold, mate?” Balthazar asked, eyeing the scarf like it was the elephant in the room, which it sort of was. Castiel sighed. Better just get it over with. He tugged part of the scarf down with a finger for a brief flash before pulling it back up, but it was enough. He knew by Hannah’s perfectly round eyes that she saw and she understood.
Major warning here for homophobia. There's a summary at the end with hopefully no triggers if you feel like skipping this one.
“Cas, look at that.”
Cas led him out of the darkroom and back to his bedroom. He pointed to a small row at the bottom of his bookshelf and let Dean explore it while he ducked into the bathroom to shower.
One after another the boys completed the course, some rushing through and knocking down a couple cones in an effort to show their speed. One boy dribbled the ball so effortlessly it looked like he was floating his way through the course.
He dug his other hand into Cas’s other wing, running his fingers deep into its feathery warmth. Cas gasped and fell forward, hands on either side of Dean, giving him easier access to the wings.
“Let’s dance,” Dean said, putting his empty beer next to Cas’s full one and tugging him towards the floor. Cas didn’t comment on the uncharacteristic request. Actually he seemed kind of excited about it, and it took Dean all of two seconds to figure out why.
“Truth or dare?” Charlie asked, lifting another slice of pizza out of the box and taking a huge bite.
“When I…knit you back together in Hell, I used my grace to do it” Cas began. “Small healings, a severed limb or a cancer, those are simple. You were torn up so far that your individual atoms flew apart.”
“Yeah of course Cas,” Dean answered. He wandered back into the living room and got the first episode ready to go. He stood to join Cas on the couch when he realized he hadn’t offered him anything to drink yet. His mother would have been so disappointed in his hospitality skills. It was evening, so he wanted to offer a beer, but the cookies were almost ready, and who the hell drinks beer with chocolate chip cookies?
He scooted lower and without warning, pushed his hands against the firm globes of Dean’s ass. Dean yelped and pushed a hand into the bed, raising himself up just enough to turn and look back at Cas. He looked wrecked. Cas smirked and kneaded his hands down. Dean groaned and flopped back into the pillows, shamelessly pushing his hips back into Cas’s hands.
Castiel felt himself nod, felt himself walk back up the stairs and into his bedroom, felt himself pick up the first shirt he touched. The pink button up from the floor. When the neckline was too low, he grabbed a scarf from his closet at random and twisted that on as well. It was far too warm for a scarf, even a thin one, but Castiel barely noticed.
Love you all and I hope you'll forgive my reckless updating schedule.
spoke to John that way. Bobby turned to him, as if sensing he was about to protest.
when he brought the sharp cool metal against the pale exposed stretch of his inner arm, pressed down, and sliced.
has a secret spot in the woods, you’re not very in tune with nature,” Dean quipped.
(See the end of the chapter for
“M’not your boyfriend,” the man said sluggishly once they were alone. Castiel tried to think back at how many shots he had given him but found he couldn’t remember them all.
Cas looked up, startled to see none other than Dean standing over him. He scrambled to put the book away and stand. Dean took a step back to give him room, and bumped into the closed door. Cas watched as he bit his lip, but the yelp he’d been expecting didn’t come – instead, Dean steadied himself and said nothing at all.
Dean drifted off to the even thump of Cas’s heartbeat.
“You’ll be great, Cas,” Dean said reassuringly, clapping him on the arm with a smile. It was frustrating, being kept away from all the action, but Cas could already tell there was no point in protesting. The brothers had made up their minds.
where to place.
“You look tired, that’s all.”
Dean laughed, “It’s not gonna go off on it’s own you know..”
“Shut the hell up,” the man hissed at him. He turned back on Dean like a vulture returning to it’s dinner. “Who the fuck is this? Huh? I leave you alone for a couple days because you all but
“Are you coming to the bar with us?” Dean asked hopefully as he toed off his shoes and went into his room for a change of clothes.
his eyes were. The strangest dark shade, like the sky right before it cracks open and pours. They were flecked through with lighter lines. Shards, like cracks in ice.
“I’m sorry man.” Dean croaked out, surprised suddenly at how rough his voice sounded.
“How was the game? I tried calling yesterday.”
“He’s hurt again,” Castiel gritted out. It was
“I heard this class was supposed to be brutal.”
“Yeah no problem. It was nice catching up,” Castiel responded with a smile. He opened Charlie’s door for her and she rolled down the window before letting him shut it.
“Are you sure? Its not a far drive, it’s not even that late,” Dean said, checking his watch. It was nearing 11.
“With what?” Cas asked, trying to keep his breakfast down.
The oven timer chose that moment to beep obnoxiously, and the men sprang apart. Cas reached for his oven mitt and Dean roughly scrubbed at his face, as if erasing the evidence of his breakdown would erase the breakdown itself.
The long walk had drained away most of his tipsy fog, and despite his best efforts, Dean’s mind still drifted back to thoughts about his dad. He didn’t want to hate him. He actually tried really hard not to. Part of him believed it was completely unfair to think bad things about a dead man, but the other part was still somewhat hurt about everything that had passed between them.
On autopilot, he found his razor and pushed the edge of it against the countertop until the plastic cracked and the sharp little blades flung out of it.
“Hi Dean,” He smiled shyly and picked up a stack of pylons to help.
“Move,” he demanded, so Dean did. He pulled back and sunk slowly into Cas again. Cas kissed him once.
Dean scanned the sand.
Dean gave him a tiny nod and picked up one of his hands, laying it flat over his racing heart as proof. Cas’s eyes darkened and he leaned in agonizingly slow.
“Don’t tangle yourself up in this mess.”
A gentle indie folk song was playing. In the corner, an old man held out a bite of coffee cake to an equally old, wispy haired woman. She took the bite off his fork and grinned at him as she picked up her napkin and wiped a crumb away.
in tattoos.
Dean, by any human standards, hadn’t done a single thing wrong by wanting an education. It was the first time he had really stood up to John instead of folding like wet tissue paper. Maybe that’s what had angered and scared his father; the fact that he was losing his grip on his sons. That he no longer had two soldiers to control.
“Don’t be ridiculous Dean, you know I don’t cause trouble.”
Dean’s mind glitched at those words. Was there really anything he would deny Cas if he asked for it? If he pushed? The answer was no, but Cas hadn’t asked what he was allowed to do, Cas asked what Dean wanted. The more Dean hesitated, the more he realized he really didn’t know what he wanted. He just wanted Cas closer. More contact.
Cas unlocked the front door, feeling pleasantly tired and more than ready for bed.
Dean wasn’t sure how he felt.
Dean nodded, tearing his eyes away from the dance floor where he had been desperately hoping not to see any familiar faces. He shot Cas a smile, hoping it didn’t seem too fake. He was determined to enjoy himself. This was supposed to be a big night where he could celebrate, he’d be damned if he’d let a couple memories ruin it.
“What do we say?” Anna asked softly.
He opened his mouth to say something, but was interrupted by the bell, then by the start of the lesson.
Castiel flew so fast that the pang of guilt barely had time to hurt properly before he flapped to a stop in the middle of the small motel room, sending up his own prayer of thanks that the boys were so close.
“Yes, please,” Dean could only mumble back. “Get out of those jeans though,” he half begged, pawing at the belt loops at Castiel’s hip.
“Furthermore, you smell like a goddam angel,” Dean leaned down slightly and buried his nose in the crook of Cas’s neck, not bothering to hide his deep inhale.
“Yeah I could,” Cas called from the kitchen. Dean heard the sounds of him filling something with water and the crinkle of the cellophane around the flowers. He pulled off his sweaty shirt and tossed it into the laundry bin before setting his fresh clothes on the counter in the bathroom.
Dean startled him out of his rambling thoughts by gathering their empty plates and setting them gently in the sink. He startled Cas further by soaping up a sponge and washing them too. Cas covered the pie and the leftover chicken and stuck them both in the fridge while Dean finished with the dishes.
“Yeah like hell you are. You’re hurt, I’m calling an ambulance,” Cas said, trying to keep the panic out of his voice as he reached into his pocket for his phone.
“Huh,” Dean mused, brushing crumbs off his hands. “I didn’t realize you knew her.”
“You idiot. Its not real.” He whispered angrily to himself in the soft darkness of the room. Hearing words aloud did nothing to calm his racing heart or erratic breathing. He needed to get out. He needed water, air. He needed to hold his brothers and reassure himself that they were alive and safe.
“I wouldn’t have expected to see you here. You seem more like a laid back bar kind of guy. This place is basically a club,” she said, leaning out of the way of a sweating couple that drifted from the dance floor to the bar for a drink.
He understood Dean’s fear perfectly. He could see the pain it brought him, to involve someone else in the hunting life, but he also saw the steely strength. The determination.
“Good,” John answered stiffly.
“Just two Sam, Cas probably won’t come.” Dean said, defeated.
“I can’t believe its our last year.” Dean sighed.
Dean typed his information in and hit save before handing it back. His fingers brushed against Castiel’s and the feeling sent a zing up his spine.
Instead he shrugged, hoping he looked indifferent. “Didn’t see anything I liked.”
“Cool costume,” Tanya nodded, popping a bubble with her bright pink gum.
“Please pay attention Castiel. This class is important.”
“I’m glad to hear that man.” He clapped Kevin on the shoulder. “Let us know if anything starts slipping. I know how intimidating the team is for a first year sometimes, but we’ve got your back. Seriously.”
“You can talk you know. Sound won’t ruin the pictures.”
Dean bit down on his tongue hard and moved away from Cas, starting at the outside of one wing and working in. If Cas noticed the change in technique, he chose not to comment on it.
“This can’t be happening. It’s not real,” He said in a small lost voice.
Castiel set the pie down and pulled out a tub of vanilla ice cream from the freezer to let it thaw out a little bit. He leaned his arms against the counter and watched Dean.
Benny snorted out a laugh. “Sure brother. If homemade comes from a box.”
A bath was probably not the manliest thing to do, but screw it, it was valentine’s day and he was spending it alone with his unrequited crush.
He looked down at his jeans, which had countless dark smears of who knows what on them, and almost laughed at the absurdity of the situation. If only Cas knew what sort of person he had just invited to what was clearly a high class event.
“Here!” Kevin shouted as he and Azazel stepped inside and claimed seats.
“What? Benny I’m fine. I’ll study with you,” Dean answered hurriedly, despite the strong current of exhaustion that seemed to seep the life out of his bones.
“How old are you anyways?”
When Dean came home from hunts like that, he was always a little more tense. Cas couldn’t figure out why until it dawned on him that Dean expected him to be angry about the distance, the missed phone calls. As if a week or two apart could erase Cas’s feelings and replace them with a bitterness that didn’t want Dean around. On days like that, Cas was more liberal with his kisses and casual touches, and Dean would relax again eventually.
“How was the drive?” Bobby asked as he set the food down and scooped a huge potion for Sam, then one for Dean.
The guy was leaning in the chair like he owned the room and was slightly bored with everyone in it. His leather jacket was carelessly unzipped over a deep blue shirt. His jeans were tattered and faded, but the stretch of them hinted at thick thigh muscles. Cas shifted, his own jeans suddenly a little too tight.
He pushed inside, and Cas followed.
When he reached the bleachers, Dean inhaled raggedly and looked up, startled. Cas crouched down beside him.
Once the bus squealed to a stop in front of the hotel, the boys clambered out, thanking the driver one by one. They hovered together in the lobby.
“Yeah I’d love that,” He grinned. “If I won’t be intruding. I don’t wanna barge in on your family time.”
“Uh. I don’t have any alcohol here,” Cas admitted sheepishly.
from Hannah and a more wildly worded
Dean exhaled all at once and the real world came crashing back around him. Cas was loosely holding both his elbows, looking more concerned than Dean had seen anyone look his entire life.
“Okay I’m definitely not cold anymore,” Cas managed to get out.
evidence of a declaration Castiel refused to take back. “I need- I don’t know what I need. I want… something. With you. But I’m -” he inhaled deeply. “Scared.”
When Sam found him again after the ride, Dean slapped on his best fake smile and ignored both the throb of his shoulder and the twinge of his heart. Every second spent at the carnival was like a knife in his belly, and he was endlessly grateful when Sam took one look at him, declared that he was tired, and led the way home.
Cas looked up at him, surprised. “You have done so much already Dean. This must be incredibly draining for you. I am feeling much better already” Cas insisted.
Still, the bowl filled with alarming speed, and Cas soon felt too weak to fight back. He slumped against his chains, no longer paying attention to the pull on his shoulders.
There was a
him when he fucked up – let Dean stew in misery and panic and a steadily growing sense of self loathing. Dean could try whatever he wanted during those days of silence. And try he did. He would bend over backwards to make sure everything was fucking perfect. Fucking
The man sighed and fixed Cas with a hard look. He should probably drop it, but something in Cas’s heart told him that the guy sitting in front of him needed to talk. It wasn’t that his body language was screaming
Cas nodded. “Thanks for coming over Dean,” he said, looking at Dean with open honesty.
He took a long hot shower, then for lack of better things to do, decided to go out. Sam and Eileen weren’t back yet, even though it was now nearing 4 in the afternoon.
“Whoops,” Gabriel said, shrinking slightly.
On another note, the idea to include soulless Sam and Samuel in this chapter came from TwistedAzara and Why_do_you_want_to_know. I’m so very thankful to all of you who have been supporting this fic with prompts. Without your love and brilliant minds it would have been nothing more than a single chapter. You guys are the wind beneath my wings. The ink in my pen. The battery to my laptop.
Dean was on the sofa, hands tangled in his softly tousled hair, staring at his bare feet in the moonlight.
“No Dean,” Cas said firmly. He pushed at Dean’s shoulders until he sat up a little, then took a loose hold of his chin, forcing him to look into his eyes.
“What will you do then?” He asked, part of him hoping that Dean would swear off hunting because of this. It was selfish, but in the seconds it took Dean to answer, Cas had already imagined a life for them. He imagined coming home from work to find Dean sprawled on the sofa in just his socks and sweats. He imagined kissing his soft lips and cooking together and taking long walks in the cool evening air.
“Are you?” Sam asked, out of nowhere.
“That was perfect,” he admitted, almost shyly.
,” Dean said honestly. He wasted no time in tearing off his t-shirt and wading straight into the water, which was
Nothing. And now Cas was really panicking.
Cas pulled his hand back and held onto the warm clothes for dear life.
Castiel wasn’t sure how capital G
“Of course it is. Anything for my bother’s boyfriend.”
“I think I know who you mean. Soulful eyes, keeps to himself, usually carrying around a camera.”
Dean hummed. “Well I have a few ideas of things I’d like to finish off.”
He aimed and fired, once, twice, three times. Only the third shot landed in the monster, and even that one missed its mark by a mile. The bullet buried itself in the Arachne’s leg, which made it roar in anger, milky blue eyes rolling in its head, spittle flying from its slit of a mouth.
“I have no idea. He keeps stringing people up and slicing into them.”
Cas let his socked feet dangle off the bed and he leaned forwards, balancing with his hands on the bed. Dean diligently rearranged the IV tubing so it wouldn’t tug.
Dean froze, not quite sure how to react. He definitely hadn’t seen that coming. Sam’s silence hung from the other end.
“I’ll be right back then,” Cas said, leaning in to give Dean a small and very chocolatey kiss. He made a pit stop in their room to get a set of pyjamas, then closed the bathroom door and turned on the shower.
“I don’t think my boyfriend is interested,” Benny said, cold as frozen steel from above Dean.
“...Thanks,” Dean replied. He wanted to say more, but the odd feeling in his chest and the tightness of his throat stilled his words. He put the money in his pocket and stood.
Cas deflated, immediately. His heart felt like it had been punched.
“Yes sir,” Dean answered, a practiced response. Despite how hard he was trying to sit still, the excitement trickled back into his bones. He was going
“So. You’re the goody-two-shoes that’s gonna turn me into a math whiz?” Dean asked, his tone nearly acidic. He looked down his nose at Cas, narrowing his eyes. “Should’a clocked you for some kind of nerd.”
Dean didn’t respond, other than to trace the marks Castiel had made on the paper with his eyes. He opened his mouth as if to ask a question, and then snapped it shut.
“I have the world,” Cas said softly, hugging Dean closer. He laughed when Dean opened his mouth and nothing came out. “Let’s get some sleep,” Cas said, gently tugging Dean to bed. He lifted the covers and laid them gently back down again once they had both slid in.
He felt his heart leap when he noticed the seat beside the mismatched shoe boy was empty. Dean wasted no time walking straight there and plopping himself down.
“Have you never been in a theatre before?”
“Milk or beer?” Dean asked, deciding to leave the choice up to Castiel.
Dean took a small sip of his beer to hide his smile, and in that moment, everything was alright.
“Can I go play?” Hazel piped up. She had cheese smeared all around her mouth. Castiel laughed and wiped it off with a napkin.
“You’re always down to go.
He dragged in a rough breath and suddenly needed to see for himself; to confirm it. He pushed away from Gabriel and made a beeline for the bathroom mirror. The feeling rushed back into his limbs when he saw the horrible handprints were still there, black as a death omen, but still there.
Cas was looking for, so he gave the practiced answer.
John spit, and the huge wet wad of it landed beside Dean’s face.
he’d been so horrified at the confrontation; a moment which, really, should have been the best one of his life. The answer he’d managed to come up with horrified him even more.
The car rumbled smoothly over the endless stretch of dark road. Dean wondered how his dad knew where he was going. Sometimes he asked Dean to read him directions off a map, but most of the time he looked at it before they left and then didn’t need to look at it again. John was the smartest person in the world, memorizing an entire map like that. Dean hoped he would learn that trick someday too.
Cas tickled her sides and tossed her into the air, making her breathless with giggles. Something in Dean’s chest melted at the sight.
okay with this. But what could he do now? Open the door and roll out?
“You can’t just-“
“Yes it is,” Cas answered, whacking Dean back with his book, which was totally unfair because it was a hardcover. Dean whacked him with his own, which probably wasn’t a good idea because it set off a whacking war.
Dean held up an arm and Benny hauled him up with ease. They each pulled off a cushion and Benny yanked the bed out from its fold while Dean grabbed a spare blanket from his closet.
have gone last night? He seemed fine when they were in the library. Had he spent the night in a
Dean scoffed. “Come on, it’s no trouble. Besides, I think I make it prettier than you do,” Dean gestured to the crooked and poorly taped gauze just under Cas’s jaw, and suddenly Cas couldn’t argue. Gauze and tape just seemed determined to misbehave when he tried to do anything with them.
“He’s one of us now.” She informed them in a nearly gleeful voice.
“You’ve said that so many times already that nobody believes you now. Especially not me.” Benny explained gently. “You look like you haven’t slept all night, which, knowing you, is a strong possibility. If you won’t do it for you, then do it for me. For the team. You need to be rested for tomorrow.”
“I’m teaching you to hunt,” Dean said firmly.
It was such a ridiculous dream. Made even more so in the grey hours of morning, after a hunt, when he’d spend upwards of an hour scrubbing dried blood off his skin. Watching it swirl, rusted and brown, down the drain.
“Its the grace remnant. The direct contact allows proper healing.” Cas explained, lifting his wing so he could get a look at the wound.
now. He would be a hero just like his dad.
what backtalk would get him. Besides, John was right. He would remember not to freeze.
“I love this, right here,” Cas continued, laying a palm right over Dean’s heart. “And I love what happens when I touch you here,” Cas said softly, eyes glinting mischievously. Dean wondered where
Dean shot Benny an
He choked on the foam of his toothpaste, and somehow, even more tears appeared. He didn't know he had any left to spare.
Sam’s prayers were a totally different ballgame. At first they were gentle requests to meet and have a conversation, then they transcended into demands, then finally a constant stream of grumbling. Cas didn’t know how he could focus on hunts while somehow pestering him continually in prayer.
“Still working at that bar?” Dean asked after a beat.
“You got it, boss,” Castiel smirked, reaching up to kiss the tip of Dean’s nose. Dean scrunched his face up, making Cas laugh.
John waited until Dean was a few steps away before he walked in without knocking.
Cas set the clean clothes on the counter beside Dean, who was prodding at his once again bleeding arm.
In slightly untidy handwriting, Dean scribbled the first question onto a clean page.
He was lost in thought, wondering how this course would go and opening a blank document on his computer, when a dark haired boy sat in the seat next to him, huffing and out of breath.
“There are some promising new faces out there thats for sure.”
talk to me. The most he’s done is swear at me anytime I get near him.”
Castiel shrugged. It probably wasn’t. It was probably the dumbest thing he could do. But he was sort of already an expert on doing dumb things to protect Dean. He picked at the bandage on his arm, frowning.
They ate in silence and Cas didn’t dare disturb it. Dean deserved some peace after having just bared his soul. Instead of starting a conversation, Cas thought back to all the time he had spent with Dean, everything he knew about him.
“Well, that makes two of us. Only problem is, I don’t have a costume.”
He knew the polite thing to do was ask Dean a follow up question about his own life, but he also knew that Dean led one hell of a difficult one, and he didn’t know if the man would appreciate any prying. Castiel didn’t want to press on any wounds.
Cas rolled his eyes. Only Dean would describe a healing wound as beautiful.
Whatever John had asked of him, he did it instantly, just to prove he could carry out orders.
He stepped back to inspect his work. The wings looked much better without the dust and dried blood clinging to them, and there were no more cuts on them, but the feathers were still in disarray. At least, whatever feathers were left. Despite the grace fuelled healing, there were still patches of dark skin that were bare.
“To continue, your ass. Those jeans.” He hooked his fingers in Cas’s belt loops, pulling their hips together.
Guys, I love Sam to death. Sorry he sounds like so much of a jerk here, he’s soulless and thats so much harder to write.
Beside him, Castiel claimed one with tomatoes, basil, and some sort of round sliced cheese.
Cas sighed in relief and turned right. Now he just had to find the right doctor.
Dean slapped backs at random and laughed as someone sprayed water through a partially opened bottle. It was too loud to talk over the roaring cheers and thundering applause, but he had one hell of a speech prepared for these men later.
Dean looked up at the rotating death trap and shuddered. “Hell no. I ain’t climbing up there.”
“What? Just because angels don’t usually eat doesn’t mean they can’t. Besides, if it might help then why not try it?” Sam asked defensively, knocking the spoon he was stirring with against the edge of the pot a few times before placing it in the sink and setting the pot on a spare cutting board on the table.
Castiel stuttered. He wanted to say something clever. Heck, he wanted to say anything at all, but Chastity was grinding down on him and he was already embarrassingly hard and her cleavage was inches away from his face and he didn’t know where to look. The ceiling seemed like a good option, but then so did the far wall.
“What’s going on Cas?”
The man nodded and followed Cas, who just then realized he hadn’t asked for a name, nor had he given his own. He felt stupid, and it was probably awkward to ask about it now that they were at his front door, but better late than never right?
“Pie?”
Cas crouched down low and rolled up the sleeves of his shirt. “Bring it.”
“No,” Cas whispered weakly, but he may as well not have wasted the energy. Sean sliced neatly over the bite mark and held the bowl tight to Cas’s neck as blood poured out, gush by gush.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean looked at him, pleading and helpless. Broken and saddened beyond anything Cas could wrap his mind around. “My… dad.”
They finished the pizza on the sandy sidelines, watching the game. Most of the players had removed their shirts and some of the girls playing had stripped down to their bathing suits. It was just too damn hot for both exercise and clothes.
Cas gave him a huge smile and ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, to fix it or to mess it up, Dean had no idea. He was okay with either one.
“I was actually just coming to get you boys. Gabriel has set up in the garden if you’d like to join,” she gestured to the path. Hazel squirmed out of her arms and grabbed Castiel’s hand.
Dean looked down at his brother with a funny look.
Dean could feel everything. Every twitch of Castiel’s thigh muscles as he held him down, the press of his fingers into his wrists, the slight scent of sweat on his skin from the effort. Worst of all, he could smell the iron tang of his blood and hear it rushing its way through his veins. He trembled with the effort to not twist in the grip and sink his teeth into one of those bursting vessels.
Kevin nodded and glanced to the side where Azazel, Hester, and Inas were jogging onto the field.
This is a loooong one, but you guys deserve it after dealing with all my back and forth. Theres fluff, smut, and angst here. It’s like a three course meal, let me know what you think of it! And as always, I beg you to let me know of your brilliant ideas for future chapters.
Dean barely felt the blush start on his cheeks when the door opened about a foot and Gabriel’s head popped back in.
All the way there he found himself looking at people’s shoes, searching for a mismatched pair.
Dean opened a fourth album almost reverently now. He flipped through a couple photos until he caught on. This series was clearly something to do with shadows, but he couldn’t always place what the shadows were from, and he was sure he didn’t quite understand the message behind the shoot either. There was a tree casting dark crooked lines through the sun faded material of a porch swing. A dark reflection on the pavement that was so obscure it could have been a couple of teenagers kissing or just some piled rocks.
Twenty minutes later, a timer dinged on his phone, and he flipped the book upside down onto the couch so he could continue from where he was later. As he stood, his stomach gurgled and he realized how good a deep dish pizza would be right now. At some point in the near future he should probably worry about the amount of greasy foods he was eating, but now was not that time.
for broken backs.
He looked relieved, maybe because Cas was there, or maybe because both the angel and his brother were still fully clothed and casually discussing how the last hunt went.
“You made it,” the voice said again.
“Are we gonna stay for a while?”
Dean loved him and they would figure it out together. He felt like he could fly around the earth a couple times. Around the entire solar system.
? Or do you take it up the ass like the piss poor excuse for a man you are?”
“That was amazing,” Dean breathed out. His voice sounded drugged.
This sort of headspace was… bad. A breeding ground for irrational and impulsive thoughts. A shudder ran down Dean’s spine. This felt an awful lot like the beginning of a bad idea. The sort of bad idea that led him down to a bar and a world of regret the next morning. But no. This time it
“Get away from me. You’re sick,” James spewed. Cas heard the distinct sound of spit flying, then the wet thwack of a blow, the hollow sound of suddenly empty lungs.
“Yeah that sounds doable,” Dean answered, leaning in one more time for a quick peck. He pulled away before Cas could hold him there and ducked into his room to change.
Dean took a deep breath, bracing himself, then walked in the direction where John’s car had turned. He followed the dark gleam of it all the way to the end of the next street. It was mostly empty now, all the children had gone off to school and the adults had gone off to work. The only other presence was that of the tall shady trees, ancient and sturdy looking. The noxious rumble of the engine was eerily out of place in the cool green of the street.
After a few seconds Cas heard the rustling of fabric. He waited a moment longer before turning around and handing a very confused Dean a mug of tea.
It was not a hot kiss. Not a wet kiss. Actually, by all accounts, it was incredibly chaste. Barely a brush. But it filled Dean with a feeling close to
“Cassie, I beg of you, show Dean here how to roast a marshmallow,” Gabriel said, spearing a new one on Dean’s stick in an overly cautious way, as if Dean’s marshmallow abuse habits were contagious. Cas was crouched by the fire looking up at Dean like he was trying to hold back a laugh.
(See the end of the chapter for
By some miracle, the prof cleared her throat and decided to end class ten minutes early. Dean had his laptop packed away in record time and basically flew out of that lecture hall, pointedly ignoring Cas’s soft chuckle behind him.
They pulled apart just far enough to see one another, to catch any indication that this should stop. All they saw was reddened swollen lips and hair tousled beyond excuse and eyes that held too many unspoken words, but none of those words were no.
“Shit Cas. You’re still bleeding?” Dean said, mildly annoyed. “I would be very angry with you for hiding this for so long if you weren’t as helpless as an injured pigeon right now.”
“Yes. Very much so,” Cas said. He gave Dean no warning, just reached into the water and grasped them both in one hand.
He slid out of bed and into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. On his way out of the apartment, he paused to look at Benny, who was just a lump under the blankets, either sleeping already or doing a good job pretending.
“Huh?” Cas asked, snapping his eyes back to the front of the room.
Maybe there was some sliver of doubt, but it evaporated from existence when a second cut appeared, just as long but slightly wider than the first.
“Yes of course, but I do not understand why it is happening so quickly. These feathers should have taken weeks to start growing back.”
Damn.
Even in the dark, Castiel could see how pale he was, the colour completely drained from his face. Dean’s teeth were clenched, remembering some past pain, and his chest heaved as he gasped in each breath like he was fighting for it.
“You’re sure that’s wise? If he doesn’t want to be involved?”
“I guess we’d better go?” Dean suggested. Castiel slid off of him reluctantly and tugged him up, but pulled too hard, making Dean fling forwards straight into his chest.
Dean was relieved for a whole second before the suspicion set in. “Do I wanna ask what he uses them for…?”
It wasn’t a super busy night, the customers were mostly his regulars and a couple stragglers looking to escape the biting January cold for a few hours. Crowley had some trivia game running. Everyone had ordered drinks and abandoned the bar in favour of grabbing a table and playing.
Dean nodded in agreement and let Cas gently peel off both condoms. He leaned down to peck Dean on the lips, a laughably chaste gesture compared to what they had just done.
He finally placed that glazed over look Dean had had in the car. He wasn’t drunk, he was grieving.
“Suck up. It won’t get you out of any runs today.”
Castiel knew the routine fairly well by then. The boys would clean up, then Sam would step out to get some food while Dean packed up their belongings in the motel room.
“It’s not your fault, sir.” Sam said, once it became clear that Dean wouldn’t be talking.
“Guys, I think Cas will see you both another day,” Gabriel said gently to his friends, dismissing them without taking his eyes off his heartbroken charge. Balthazar and Hannah mumbled sorrys and goodbyes, then grabbed their towels and let themselves out of the gate. They both lived just down the street, but Castiel wasn’t thinking about when he would see them again. He wasn’t thinking of anything except his soulmate.
Dean deflated. That wasn’t bad at all. The kid was 17, definitely entitled to a couple wild nights on the town. God knows he himself had had plenty of those.
“Okay then,” She laughed. “Let’s meet back here in half an hour. Pretty sure I saw one a little ways down the road. We can walk there together.”
caught the claws across his chest. He’d have to be faster next time.
The teacher, a stout black man with an impressive head of dreadlocks, jumped right into the syllabus once the bell rang. Twice during the class, Castiel was tempted to ask if he could go to the bathroom, not because he had to go, but because he wanted to make sure the tattoo was still there; a guarantee that the love of his life was still alive.
“Oi! Brother! Eyes on the ball or suffer the consequences,” Benny teased.
Dean tipped his head to look at him and could have died then and there. His cheeks were flushed, his eyes were shining in the crappy living room lighting, and he looked happier than Dean had ever seen him.
The sidewalk was busy with clusters of students, but as he walked on, the people thinned out, and so did the cars. Maybe it was the deserted streets that allowed him to hear the rumble of the Impala’s engine before he saw the gleaming black car.
“Starving, what took you so long?”
“Cas, I’m fine. It’s-“
“Alright, if you’re sure.” Dean stood from his sprawl on the sofa and walked Cas to the door.
“Speaking of, I should send out a text to all the boys and remind them to show up. We don’t need Mills on anyone’s tail about attendance before the season even starts.” Benny set his fork into his now empty bowl and fished his phone out of the pocket of his jeans to send the message right away.
He wanted to hug him, hold him close and protect him, while some insane part of him wanted to laugh and dance around because Dean was
Benny shrugged. The energy seemed to have drained out of him. “I screwed up, brother.”
“Bye Dean” Sam said forcefully before hanging up.
knowledge that the future love of his life was being hurt. Badly.
Dean looked at him like he was a rare and precious thing, something he was scared to break. Slowly, tenderly, he reached a hand out and brushed a thumb across Castiel’s cheekbone, and in that movement Cas
Dean could see some of the boys wilting at the thought of more running, but they all made their way around the field. Some of the players lagged behind, dragging in breaths of air, others somehow still had energy for a well paced run.
The house was still, and for the first time in a long time, Dean’s mind was still as well.
Dean, despite his composed mask, barely made it through the evening. He went from feeling numb to feeling a rage that was only loosely contained, and even that was done just for Sam’s sake.
“Can I walk you?” Dean asked, sounding strangled. Half hopeful. But hopeful for what? Probably that Cas would refuse. That he wouldn’t make him stay one second longer.
“Living the dream pal. Single and cruising. Still teaching PE at that damned high school.”
Dean let his fingers sink into the small oiled feathers near Cas’s back, and Cas inhaled sharply, moving his hands to clasp together tightly and curling forward.
“Okay why on earth would you think that's what’s on my mind?”
“Where did you live before you moved here?” Cas asked innocently, rolling onto his back again and looking at the clouds. Completely unaware of the turmoil of Dean’s mind.
It took Dean only two tries to make it to the correct room, and he plopped down in a random seat towards the back, relieved that he was early enough to have his pick.
“Who was that?”
The rest of the morning trickled by. He had an English class, then geography, neither of which were with his friends. By lunchtime, he was starving, so he made a quick pit stop by his locker to grab his lunch bag and deposit his books, then made his way over to the cafeteria.
It had been nearly a month since that strange meeting with Dean, and honestly, Castiel’s life fell back into it’s normal rhythm fairly quickly. He went to work, slept like a log after busy shifts, barely made rent, and overall didn’t really have time for fantasies. Every once in a while, when he saw a flash of flannel or heavy boots, he remembered the mystery man with deep green eyes and wondered where he was and what he was up to, but normally his mind was too preoccupied with other things.
by his so called father.
“Okay,” Cas agreed, turning his attention to the next question. “How do you feel about solving quadratic inequalities?”
be a good idea? In a
It was a vicious statement to make. Dean was well aware he was the dullest tool in the shed, but being called out like that had still stung more than it had any right to sting.
“Thank you,” Cas said sincerely, leaning over to give Dean a peck on the cheek. His heart did a summersault. He was getting more comfortable with these little displays of affection and Dean was slowly getting more comfortable receiving them. Actually, if the way he scooted his chair closer to Cas was anything to go by, he craved them more than he would ever admit.
“You wanna get the scheduling out of the way?” Benny suggested.
“Oh my god! I didn’t see you there, I’m so sorry!” She said, crouching immediately to pick up her books. Dean kneeled down, grabbed the last one, and handed it to her.
Chastity smiled brilliantly and slid lightly off of Cas. Dean reached out to tuck a piece of hair behind her ear and Castiel noticed that he left a folded bill behind when he removed his hand.
Dean turned to look at him, eyes full of anguish. “How Cas? How is that ever going to work? How can I keep a real relationship going with you when I’m chasing ghosts all across the country?”
“Why’re you helping me?” The man asked as Castiel swept the small pile into the dustbin.
“What happened, Dean?” Bobby demanded, eyes scanning him up and down, gently holding Dean by the arm. Dean winced at the touch, looking down at himself. His clothes were filthy from rolling around on the ground. Heck, his t-shirt was covered in
This may be taboo, but I’ve decided to share my (very) rough outline because screw it, we’re working on this together now. I may as well give you guys credit for most of these ideas anyways, and this way you have a chance to request any scenes you want to see before it’s over.
“It took a significant amount of grace. The mark of that grace is still there.” Cas squeezed Dean’s shoulder. “In comparison with the rest of my grace, it is an insignificant amount, comparable to a drop in the Pacific. But it seems that in this case, it is making a difference.
He looked up at the bus, which was already half full with the team and completely full with noise.
The shooter scrambled to his feet, wiping his face clean and tucking the gun under his coat. He  spared Cas the quickest of glances before running off into an alley. It was a brief look, but Cas would recognize those green eyes anywhere.
blood that was being spilled.
“Hey, Gordon and Henry are playing. Let’s go say hi,” Dean suggested, nodding towards the court. It looked like some of the new team members had also been dragged into the game.
“Cas that was unbelievable. He’s so good..” Dean said, leaning backwards against the wooden railing.
He settled for a mostly empty promise.
Cole saved him by loudly clapping his hands together and standing.
“Then you go get her. Go prove to her that she’s wrong. Show up at her door with the world’s most massive
“Then that’s both selfish and stupid Cas. You’re not out there. You don’t see how horrible it is when a mother loses her child to a werewolf or when some djinn feeds on a grandfather for years and years. People literally don’t even know this kind of shit exists. You think I do any of this because I
Back at the bunker, he waved past Sam and Eileen, who had returned and put on a rom com with subtitles. He headed straight for the biggest bathroom and turned on the bathtub tap to full blast.
Castiel rose up off the floor, livid. She had dared to hurt Dean. She would pay. He would rip her to shreds with his bare hands. Put her together just to do it again. He would do this over and over and over until she was begging for death. He would laugh and continue, fifty, sixty, hundreds of times more until every monster on the planet got the message that nobody. Nobody. Hurts Dean Winchester without paying a price.
“Are you okay?” Dean asked slowly after a long couple seconds of just...holding a shaking Cas. Not that he minded, Cas was...very warm. It was nice.
“Aw Benny, you’re such a good mother,” Dean teased. All jokes were forgotten a couple seconds later when two trays with wrapped burgers and piled fries arrived. Dean nodded thanks to the server and both men dug right in. Halfway through his burger, Benny paused and fixed Dean with an even look.
Besides, they really didn’t have time to worry about things they couldn’t change. Cas always dropped off the map and showed up again at his leisure, this was no different. Right now, they needed to figure out what was going on in the normally quiet little town of Willow.
Dean sent, wildly hoping that Cas hadn’t skipped out on it entirely.
The place was a
“No,” Bal sighed. “That isn’t what I mean. I just meant… have you given him a chance to get to know you?”
Sure, his touches lingered a little, his looks lingered a lot, but what did that amount to? It didn’t seem like enough to go on. Definitely not enough to make a clear move.
He didn’t flinch this time when Gabriel reached out and took his bare elbow, guiding him away from the mirror. Another thing they had done way too often. It seemed like Gabriel was always pulling him away from mirrors.
“Good morning Dean” Sam greeted happily. Just hearing his voice already made Dean feel more at peace.
“Sounds like a plan.” Dean waved him off with a mock salute. He wasn’t surprised that Benny was eager to get started on scheming and training again. There was a good reason the two were made co-captains.
Cas snorted at him. “You have to drink it all together.”
“Great, it’s settled then. I can leave my classroom unlocked at lunch, so the two of you can study here. Or, if you prefer, the library is always open.”
“Happy birthday Cassie,” Raphael said with a wide grin. “Does your favourite brother have to give a speech or something?”
Dean sighed, exhaustion and maybe the beginnings of a slight hangover hitting him.
“Oh really,” Dean answered, pretending to think it over, even though his answer would always be
He suddenly very much did not want to be alone anymore, which was pathetic because he was
(See the end of the chapter for
“If you call I’m outta here,” Dean threatened. Cas looked at him and saw that he was serious. There was a set to his jaw that told Cas he would not be getting his way this time.
Sam stuck his tongue out at him and handed over their last ticket to the worker. Dean bit at a nail and watched as his stupidly brave brother willingly let himself get strapped into a seat. He was still watching him, frozen in place, when a hand gently touched his shoulder.
“Yep,” Dean answered, taken aback by how quickly Cas picked out what hurt most about the constant back and forth. The constant packing up and leaving.
Sam motioned for Dean to go to Cas, which he obeyed without hesitation. It was a relief to have that particular decision made; for someone else to take charge for once.
Dean glanced up at him, caught a little off guard. He made a face. “Asking questions means I
Cas moved slowly, everything ached. His wrists had scabbed over, but the skin around the scab was hot, red, and inflamed. It took months, years, but eventually Cas stood. He walked the perimeter of the cage. It was tall enough to stand in, but not wide or long enough to take more than two steps in either direction.
Dean looked more than a little sick at that. “Cas, please. Don’t.”
Dean had laid a towel over the pan as it cooled, and he flicked it off now. Cas handed him a knife and watched as he cut the dessert into squares, then carefully removed an edge piece. Dean held it out and Cas took a bite. It was
“Hey, Cas!” Dean said loudly, hoping to rouse his friend. Cas groaned.
That’s how he found himself at one of the few empty tables in the library, notebook and textbook open, and crunching on some baby carrots as he waited anxiously for Dean. Half the bag had been demolished before he realized how quickly he was gnawing through them.
Castiel made it there half a second before Hannah did and pulled himself up the metal rungs with a bright triumphant laugh. He laid on his belly, arms pointed in front of him, and slid down, landing in the water with a hard flop.
“Sure, dad.”
“Go find something to cover that up and come back down. I was making pancakes.”
“Woah there, kid,” Bobby said, easily catching his arms to keep him from flying.
Cas didn’t stir, so Dean quietly grabbed his freshly packed athletic bag and slipped out of the room. He would leave him a note and a spare key to lock the door behind him if he had to leave.
Vaguely, he was aware of being gently guided outside. The sky opened up wide and cold above him and it wasn’t so impossibly dark anymore. There were low chunky clouds glowing a faint orange from the light pollution of the city.
fishing for sympathy.
“Are you trying to start something Dean?” He asked in mock suspicion.
He gripped the countertop hard enough to crush it, and shut his eyes.
“Dean!”
“I am.” The interruption was firm.
The obvious space between them sent Dean
Dean stepped out of the steam and towelled off, then quickly changed into clean shorts and a t-shirt and wandered back into the main change room area. Some of the boys were already finished showering and were waiting around.
Guilt flooded Dean’s expression. This is where Cas usually dropped it, but this time he refused to let it go. He couldn’t let himself remain the sheltered boyfriend. The one in constant need of protection. The
Hazel, completely tuckered out from the walk, fell asleep on one corner of the couch and somehow didn’t stir at all despite the copious amount of noise they were all making.
“Michael is playing for a charity event tonight at eight and Gabriel bought two tickets for each of us so we could bring a girlfr.. a guest. He didn’t tell me about it until just now and if you’re interested, I have the extra ticket.” Cas’ words tumbled out.
Dean flushed, an apology ready on his lips, but Cas only approached him and drew him down for a slow, sweet kiss.
The rest of the game passed mostly in a blur. There were some good passes Dean would congratulate the team for later, but no other goals were made and all the players were abnormally well behaved. The opposing team had significantly less energy after their player had been sent off, either they were wary of the same fate or just wanted the game over with.
“Do your worst,” Cas answered defiantly. Dean couldn’t handle that smug look on his upside down face. He slid out from under him and threw a leg over his waist, a knee on either side of Cas, caging him in. Dean dragged his hands from Cas’s waistband and slowly up his chest, his neck, and buried them in his hair, tugging softly. He leaned down, sinuously slow, and pressed a feather light kiss to Cas’s breathless mouth.
Cas paused for a moment before answering. “Good different.”
A light flicked on and the man that had snatched Cas from the parking lot stepped into the harsh glow of the bare bulb. He was holding a small and very grimy knife, and a large bowl. He dropped the knife unceremoniously into the bowl and shifted to hold it under one arm. From his pocket he dug out a key and slotted it into the thick padlock on Cas’s cage, which
was this real life? Cas had heard stories of people getting snatched in the dark, but never for a second did he even consider that it could happen to him. And what sort of sick twisted person drained someone’s blood into a bowl?!
He had a
“Brother…have you never put on a suit?”
“The girl?”
elbow until the bump goes away?”
“And Bobby?”
“In class.”
“Well?” The Shtriga asked, getting impatient.
Dean held his arms out and his half of the team ducked together in a huddle.
Dean. And it didn’t turn out half bad. You need to let it go.”
“He - I -”
– fantasizing about up and leaving. About settling down. About getting a degree. About the sound of little feet running up the stairs and a house filled with laughter.
Dean looked around his apartment, suddenly nervous. It was clean, mostly because he didn’t have many things to make it look messy. He briefly wondered if he should light a candle, but quickly dismissed the idea, mainly because he didn’t have a candle to light but also because this wasn’t a date. This was two guys hanging out and maybe getting to know one another better because they would be working together all semester on a very large project.
“You can’t swear until you’re at least seven, Dean.”
“I’m telling you. If you have a verbal truce not to use power-ups, then even an
“Hey Charlie, I’m glad you could make it.” Dean grinned. He was genuinely happy to see her there and clearly having fun.
Cas flushed, because no, he really hadn’t. He did the verbal equivalent of jumping Dean’s bones, being so outright with his declarations. Bal smirked knowingly.
“Ready?” Dean asked. His throat felt raw.
They entered the residence building and made their way to Benny’s apartment. Dean relaxed significantly when the door clicked behind them. The apartment looked the same as always, neat, yet cozy.
Dean gasped and flung upright in the bed.
any less.
“I have waited far too long to do that again,” he murmured against Dean’s lips.
healed on his soulmate. Or maybe not even then. If they scarred over, Castiel would be stuck with them until either he or his soulmate died.
“Hey, what happened to your arm?” Hannah asked, all the teasing in her tone dropping away. Castiel looked down at his bandages, turning his arm slightly so it was out of view.
Dean laughed a little at that, and the worry lines around his eyes smoothed. Cas shifted in the bed and Dean immediately leapt up from his chair to help.
The professor stepped up to the podium and Dean opened a blank document on his laptop to take notes. At some point during the lecture, Benny confirmed the lunch plan, but Dean didn’t answer. He was too busy focusing on what the professor was saying; so focused in fact that her words lost all their meaning and became just noise. He scrawled down some dates here and there but overall his notes were spotty enough that he would need to read through the textbook to figure out what the hell was taught in the last two hours.
pants. Dean numbly allowed Bobby to guide him to his feet and towards the bathroom. His bones were hollow. He was floating. Halfway to becoming imaginary.
He looked back at Dean with an expression that was somehow both horrified and…if Dean didn’t know any better…he might say aroused.
Coach Mills caught the coin and flipped it onto the back of her other hand. It was heads.
“What?” Bobby asked, dangerously calm all of a sudden. Even John noticed the shift, because he raised both hands and immediately went into defence mode. Bobby didn’t lower the rifle.
Eventually, he pulled the impala to a park in the lot behind a warehouse.
John rolled to a stop beside him, and the window lowered.
“Everyone better be decent, I’m coming in,” Coach Mills warned. She waited a couple seconds before entering the change room. In her presence, the boys seemed to straighten out and came together in a rough huddle.
“I want you inside me,” he gasped out.
Dean let out a frustrated noise. “Trust me. You’ll only get hurt. Worse.” His hand twitched, as if he wanted to reach out and touch Cas’s cuts, but he shoved it under his thigh instead.
Slowly, with way too many involuntary hissess, Dean dragged himself upright, then, somehow, to his feet. He stiffly picked up his backpack and held it by the top loop in one hand. Swinging it onto his back was a completely unbearable thought.
“You um — Can you..stay? I need help.” He admitted, reaching back again and trying uselessly to scratch through the feathers.
Cas hummed, but it was only his
“Heck no. We’ve been circling around for forty minutes at least and we keep landing back here because
>>><<<
“We know what you’ve been doing,” Dean said firmly. He gave up on the tubing and moved instead to stand protectively in front of the child.
The team broke out into conversations of agreement and planning rides. Benny drifted over to where Dean was leaning against the cool metal of a locker.
had always worked on John, but the rules seemed to be different here. It was fine. He would learn. Except that he was the
“Dean.”
Cas could only manage a tight lipped smile because no, he didn’t know. He helped Dean into a shaky standing position and once he stopped swaying, Dean looked at him strangely.
“Castiel,” he breathed out, horrified.
“Sorry, no filter on this one. I’m Anna, Castiel’s sister. And you’ve met my daughter, Hazel.”
Dean was suspended by barbed wire, hanging upside down and dripping blood, ribbons of flayed skin scattered along the wires beneath and around him. There was no ground in sight, no way to know which way he was facing. Worse than this, Dean could hear Sammy’s tortured cries somewhere beside him. He tried to twist around to see him, ensnaring himself in the wire further, but he didn’t seem to care. In the nightmare, Dean’s eyes were burned shut, charred skin oozing droplets of blood like they were tears, and he couldn’t see his brother, or stop his pain.
Dean and Benny walked together in comfortable silence in the cooling sunset air. By the time they got to the residence buildings, the party was well under way. Music was thumping through large loud speakers, and bodies were pressed together on a makeshift dance floor in the corner of the common room. Beer pong had been set up on the kitchen table and a group was crowded around it, cheering someone on.
Dean felt his jaw go slack. He had intended not to react, to make sure his friend felt accepted and safe, but it was impossible not to. The wings were folded tight against Cas’s back, but even folded they couldn’t hide their size. Each wing was easily twice as long as Dean was tall.
“Yes oh my gosh thank you! I’ll be there. Thank you!” She backed away and started walking back across the field.
“That sounds…interesting” Dean said, trying to remain neutral. In truth it sounded disgusting, but he was too hungry to complain.
“Because if she were here then there would be no monsters.”
He couldn’t see Cas’s expression, but he trusted Cas would tell him if he was hurting him or doing something wrong. As his hands massaged and fell into their own rhythm, his mind wandered to his private thinking session from earlier that evening.
Sam gritted his teeth and gave directions, which Dean followed with more steering wheel jerks than were necessary. He was impossible to deal with when he was worried.
“Hi,” Dean answered back. The blue of Castiel’s eyes never failed to take his breath away. The hazy lighting from the hall somehow only served to accentuate the moody blue colour.
“Oh nothing of importance,” MIchael said, scooping some pasta first for Hazel, then for Anna. “But I must inform you that our brother is an idiot,” he said, shaking his head at Rafael, who was popping open some chilled beers and passing them to the adults.
Dean rolled over like a boneless doll.
They walked out into the late afternoon sunshine. The air smelled sweetly of the start of summer, and Dean relaxed into it. It had been a damned long time since he’d had the luxury of a laid back afternoon with his brother, and he was determined to enjoy it.
As far as injuries went, this one didn’t seem
“Loading the film into the developing tank,” Cas answered. There were a series of clicks and scrapes and Dean could very faintly see Cas pulling a roll out of his camera and setting it aside. He put six more rolls into the solution and screwed a lid over something.
“How’s Cole doing?”
All he’d wanted was to chase that steady, surefooted feeling, like he had some control over something.
“Dean I’m sorry” Cas said, sounding truly horrified.
“I’m gonna take him out for ice cream. Maybe walk around and explore the town a little?” Dean answered. Bobby hesitated for another second, so Dean jumped to convince him further. “I have some money. It won’t cost you a thing.”
The three of them clapped and whooped.
He set a hand gently on Dean’s shoulder, intending to wake him softly – but he
It was signed with a simple S.W. and a flowy E, and seeing those letters made all the tension bleed out of him. Also, the pancake promise didn’t hurt.
By the time Bobby showed them to their rooms, Dean was buzzing with adrenaline. His mind was all over the place, hyperalert, tuning in to every minute detail and forgetting it the instant it was noticed. Trying to hold on to a single thought was like picking out one specific snowflake in a blizzard. Impossible.
“I didn’t think you were very interested. You’ve never asked before,” Cas answered lightly.
That was his
“Dang it! You always win,” Hannah said in a rush, once the frustrating little tones of a lost game played from the tiny speakers. Charlie smirked, her usual post-victory confidence on full display.
“Are we moving too fast Dean?” He asked after a comfortable pause. Dean startled out of his warm haze.
(See the end of the chapter for
That he had already found the one. And already fucked it up.
With his other hand, he stretched out to turn off the lamp, and eventually fell asleep with Dean’s breath ghosting in an even rhythm across his collarbones.
“Cas what is that?”
He ate it slowly, savouring every bit as they walked around the carnival grounds. At one point, a woman dressed head to toe in pink walked in front of them on stilts. Even her skin and hair were painted a dark rose colour.
“Breathe Cassie, please breathe.” Gabriel pulled him tight to his chest and Castiel really truly made an effort to inhale properly, to match the rise and fall of his chest to the exaggeratedly obvious pace his brother was setting for him. It didn’t help one bit. He felt like he might implode.
Belatedly Cas realized he probably should have asked for some ID before he gave him a drink.
Edited by casuallyneurotic! Go show them some appreciation.
Cas turned on the stereo and set the music low, then pulled his books and laptop out and spread them over the floor. Dean dried his hands on a dish towel and ducked into his room for his laptop before joining Cas on the rug.
, more that he looked too easy to take advantage of in this state. That look always scared Cas; the one that said
“I don’t care Dean, I want to help.”
Cas shrugged helplessly.
Dean shook his head quickly and sat up. “I’m pretty much finished, I’ll read it through one more time before tomorrow and hand it in.”
?” John repeated, face red and screwed up with anger. His breath was hot and smelled like nothing at all. Dean curled in on himself, half wishing his dad was drunk right now. If he had been, he could have discounted this as nothing more than a horrible inebriated rage. But no, he had no excuses to make this time. This was John. Pure and sober.
Charlie snickered and swallowed her pizza. “Fine then, Balthy. Truth. Who was the last person you kissed?”
The first man, the one that had knocked Cas out in the parking lot, dropped a teeny bound girl into the open cage right next to Cas. Her eyes were wide in shock, her hair hung limp in her face and stuck to her forehead with sweat.
“What’s happening, Sammy?” Dean asked, looking his brother up and down. Sam somehow seemed harder than the last time Cas had seen him. More determined.
The pool was clear and cool, a pleasant rush compared to the muggy heat of the air outside. He opened his eyes underwater, because at six, that was his most perfectly honed skill. He swam expertly right between his friends’ knobbly knees. Castiel resurfaced at the other end of the pool and barely wiped the wet hair out of his eyes before he launched into a watery assault with unparalleled voracity.
“This was enlightening. I’m glad we had this talk,” Dean said, his voice ice. He watched as Cas’s face fell with each word, but you know what?
“Let’s go home,” he said, low, rough. Cas’s stomach swooped and he was suddenly glad he wouldn’t be the one driving because his muscles felt like jelly.
“Yes. If thats alright,” Cas added quickly.
“Then you take them. I’m done. And don’t come running back to me when they’re too much to handle. Dean is the biggest idiot you’ve ever met. Can’t do a single thing right. Isn’t even worth the air he breathes.” John took in a breath, a pause long enough for the words to sink in and cut Dean to bits from the inside out. “And Sammy?” John let out a cruel laugh. “The kid cries so much he’s practically a girl.”
Dean took a small drink, grinning. He was seriously going to miss this particular assortment of players.
He scanned the sand and saw a blanket set up with a basket over it to keep it from blowing away. Cas was by the shore, taking photos of the waves with his feet in the water. Dean tucked the flowers behind his back and approached him.
“I’m doing a piece on your new innovative treatment, and was wondering if you could explain the science behind it?”
There was nobody in the hallway, so Dean slipped off his shoes and headed upstairs to Cas’s room. He found the door wide open. Cas was sprawled on his bed reading, but sat up and smiled when Dean came in.
Castiel might have imagined it, but Dean looked truly sorry, like maybe he wouldn’t have minded seeing Cas again, on another day, in another world.
And at that, Dean let out a breath of relief. Looking at Cas, shirtless in the grass, part of him wanted to
The tall shaggy haired guy standing there didn’t register to Cas as anyone he knew, but Dean clearly recognized him because he scowled.
“A third option where neither of us die? Perfect, lay it on me.” Dean clapped his hands together once, looking at Cas expectantly. Cas shifted uncomfortably.
Cas caught both of Dean’s hands and placed them on his hips. He pressed his body against Dean’s and rested his elbows over his shoulders, fingers running through his hair in a way that sent chills down Dean’s spine.
He drew the hand up and kissed Dean’s knuckles. It was such a simple gesture, but the intimacy of it made Dean blush. Cas smiled slowly and brushed his next kiss on Dean’s jaw, then his cheek, then finally his lips.
find that strength hot. Nope.
The thick scent of something burning hit Cas as soon as he stepped through the door. Dean was pulling something out of the oven, waving a towel and swearing impressively at a thin stream of curling smoke.
be okay –”
“Are you kidding me?” Cole called after him. “Are we five?” But he also took off in a run after him.
Castiel, who had flung himself to his knees beside the couch, leaned over and gathered Dean into a hug. Dean let himself be moved, grateful for the numbness the tylenol provided. He draped his arms around Cas, too shocked to protest.
HIs arm ached sharply when he shoved his hands in his pockets and turned to walk away.
Love. The thought. The
“Cas I-“
Benny looked up and him and snorted.
He looked at his other arm again, at the three thick lines across the pale flesh of it. They were still there, which was a relief, and there wasn’t a fourth, which was somehow more of a relief.
“Gross dude,” Cole shoved him off the sidewalk and stumbling onto the grass. Dean let out a short laugh and straightened back. “We don’t count. Besides you’re not my type.”
Cas smiled and crossed the room to sit at his desk. He opened his laptop and sent the professor an email with both their names and the book they chose to study.
vanish; not while Castiel peeled open three of the biggest bandaids he could find and stuck them on. Not while he swiped the broken mess of his razor into the trash. Not while he walked numbly back to his bed.
Cas drummed his fingers on the table, a little nervous at the sharpening points in Dean’s expression. “I told her I’d help, though. And… I’d like to help.”
The drive back was quiet except for the rock playing from the radio. John was satisfied. He had gotten his way today, and the fact that Dean was the one to make the kill made him even more smug. This was his hard and fast proof that Dean belonged on the battlefield, not in school.
explain it? How could he just come out and tell Cas with real words about hunting
Cas was being unbelievable. He was the perfect picture of calm, sitting there, all blue eyes and sex hair and diligently copying down a note every once in a while. Dean was sure his blush probably went all the way down. He felt hot. If this went on much longer he’d have to drag Cas out of here and find an empty room to rip all his clothes off and just ravage him.
Dean considered the three beers he had drank over the course of the evening and weighed driving against imposing.
“That doesn’t even make any sense,” Hannah quipped back, fully prepared to defend her newly won title. Cas was ready to step in as peacemaker again, but Bal answered back with a splash, which set off another splashing war. He did two backstrokes away from them to avoid getting caught in the crossfire.
“Thats some gourmet dessert you’re planning there,” Dean commented.
He still felt fiercely protective, but now, he also felt lonelier than he ever had before.
“If you want me to,” Cas answered, pulling back to look into Dean’s eyes and gauge his reaction.
On her next pass, she attempted to flip her board, but had a little too much speed and ended up tumbling, thankfully, into the grass. The board rolled down the pipe and bumped against a metal railing.
Cas must have noticed Dean gaping because he grinned.
Dean finished his sandwich in silence.
“Yeah I know, Sam said today was an important day for lovers.”
Dean looked into the small crowd at the fresh faces and smiled as he joined them, looking to Benny as he began running through a series of exercises.
For a few moments, the thought was pure bliss, but then the doubt started to creep in.
“Okay,” Dean said eventually. Cas wanted to be relieved, but the way Dean’s voice broke just made him worry more.
“Uh, I hit my head pretty hard. Not sure how standing is going to work out,” Dean admitted. Cas tried not to let on that he had picked up on Dean’s worried tone.
By the time he made his way to the field, coach Mills was already setting up some cones for drills and several of the boys on the team were helping. About 15 that he didn’t recognize were already on the sidelines stretching, paper numbers pinned to their shirts. Dean ducked into the change room to put on his uniform and jogged back out to lend a hand.
“Dean,” Bobby breathed, reaching lightly for his wrist, possibly the only part of his arm that wasn’t sticky with blood. He held it gently, his touch barely there; birdlike.
“The important stuff of course. Favourite colour?” Cas asked seriously.
“I come in peace,” Gabriel called out, hands in the air as he made his way across the grass and towards the pool. He was still wearing his red and white checkered grilling apron and holding a huge barbecuing fork.
“I came to get a coffee,” Dean said, holding his cup up for a second.
Dean nodded in understanding. It was a long time habit of theirs to get together on the first night of each semester to add assignments and test days into their respective schedules. With university and soccer practice combined, it was important to stay on top of deadlines.
“You find the sign of each factor on each interval,” Cas drew a quick table to show what he meant. “Then you know that between the numbers, the sign is negative, away from them, the sign is positive, so the answer is this.” He pointed with his pencil to the number line he had drawn at the top of the page.
“Cool,” Dean smiled. “See you then.” He shut the door and drove slowly back down the driveway and towards his apartment. He stopped for groceries, then completed his shift with a lightness in his chest that he hadn’t felt in a while.
“Are you open to meeting someone. Are you looking for her, hoping to find her?”
“Woah! Respect the nuggets. I worked hard on those babies,” Gabriel complained, picking up the projectile chicken and popping it in his mouth. He either didn’t notice or didn’t care that there was a piece of grass stuck to it.
When he had nothing left to do to stall, he stepped out of the bathroom and picked his way between the stacks of books to the living room. Bobby was waiting for him with a glass of water and something in his hand.
“Cas, I need,” Dean gasped out. Cas rolled his hips down and Dean’s sentence ended in a moan. He might have felt awkward about it, except Cas chased after every sound, seemed determined to draw the next one out.
Cas must have sensed his presence because he turned around, sauce covered spoon in hand, and grinned widely.
Cas had been human for nearly a month now. At first, he thought things might change between them. He had hoped.
Dean flipped over quickly, because now that his brain was back in his body, he knew leaving your back to a monster for any length of time meant death.
Sam must have caught a change in his face, a betrayal of his inner thoughts, because he smiled softly.
Cas didn’t move. He licked his lips.
Dean’s feet made light sounds as he ran along the beach, barely skimming over the sand. The morning air was crisp, and the sunrise so vibrant it seemed like even the sky was giving one last hurrah to the summer break.
Cas hurried to lock the doors and turned to face the man.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Here we go,” Henry whispered, warbling his voice to sound like a ghost. Dean smacked his arm and filtered in with the rest of the group. They spread out in the weak red lighting but Cas lingered close enough that Dean could feel the radiating warmth of him.
Unedited for now but I've been messing around with this chapter for way too long and I just need to stop staring at it.
Cas must have sensed Dean swaying, because he curled a hand around the back of Dean’s neck and gently tugged him down until his head was resting on the angel’s thigh.
“Sure kid,” Castiel answered. Hazel hopped erratically around the room for a few minutes before she understood that in order to play, they had to set the game up first. She meticulously helped Cas spread out the plastic mat, then brought the spinner card over to Dean.
Dean couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t think. He didn’t even know what to do first, what to prioritize. He wanted to drop to the floor and hide his face, which he knew was ridiculous but the wings, despite being so busted, were radiating power. He knew he needed to get Cas down from there. Heck, he needed to see if his angel was still alive. But at the same time something else was in here and it was clearly powerful enough to have done this, so it had to be eliminated.
“Cas we should um…tie him up,” Sam said reluctantly.
“Dean!” Sam gasped and pointed. The gated grassy area was thick with milling people. Striped tents, brightly painted rides, and a huge ferris wheel. Bouncy music played loudly from hidden speakers, large lights were hoisted up to illuminate the trampled grass, and a sweet smell floated out of the place. Caramel and popcorn. Cotton candy.
The reply came almost immediately.
3. I do not often write steamy things so I'd appreciate your feedback on this one
His heart leapt up into his throat when he realized the driver was slumped over the steering wheel. He appeared to be unconscious.
“Michael does not write down his concert pieces. He improvises them as he plays. He says the audience’s energy is inspiration. Each concert piece is different and is only ever played once.”
the sting of each mark Cas made.
When he finished, he clung to the cool porcelain and tried to catch his breath. Everything hurt. He felt like he had been stretched into a different shape and then crushed back.
did you just say to me?”
“Do you want a sub?” Mills asked in a concerned voice.
Ohhhhhh babes. I owe you all a million apologies and several rapid fire updates to make up for the horribly long time its been since I last worked on this.
He hadn’t felt this awkward since his first middle school dance. He wanted nothing more than to turn around and walk out of the club, but he did not just drive two hours to meet up with Gabriel only to chicken out at the last second. Besides, it was his friend’s birthday, and he owed it to Gabriel to at least say hi.
“So you think he doesn’t like me because I’m different?”
in the
“Dean! I’m glad you could come. I think Castiel is around back.”
Dean’s skin was hot under his hands, and he was breathing more heavily now, but Cas didn’t rush because tonight, they had all the time in the world. He touched each scar, the long looping one that curved around Dean’s side and towards his chest. The little round one up by his shoulder that looked suspiciously like a bullet wound. The assortment of claw marks, jagged scrapes, some thick, some thin, some warped, some smooth.
It wasn’t much, but it was an opening. Cas didn’t hate him. He could still fix this.
I hope this chapter makes sense. Idk how soccer works so if I mess anything up let me know. Or even if I didn't mess up say something, I love reading your comments.
The professor nodded, “for example, you and your partner may choose to study Shakespeare’s Midsummer Night’s Dream, and write about how trickery is both useful in one essay, and detrimental in the other. I want ten pages from each student. Please email me your partner groups before Monday’s class.”
Balthazar wordlessly unscrewed the cap of a water bottle and passed it to Castiel, who took it and drank gratefully.
13. Cas takes on Sam’s crazies (like when the wall broke down in cannon)
Somehow, despite the constant stream of logical explanations Dean came up with, he still had the sinking feeling that something was horribly wrong, and it set him on edge. He knew full well he was being annoying. Heck, someone should give Sam a medal for putting up with his ranting, pacing, and snappy attitude.
“Yeah, fine my ass.” He walked into his bedroom and Dean followed him, completely confused as he watched him pull out a pair of sweatpants and drop them on the bed.
Dean huffed, knowing it was absolutely true. His nerd brother was either helping Bobby around the auto shop, or buried in his books. He had a determination to end up a lawyer like no other kid ever had before him. He could imagine Sam hitting the books even harder now that he was in twelfth grade and universities would be open for applications in a few months.
For the first week, Dean’s texts consisted of nothing but apologies and location updates. Castiel never knew how to respond, so he just… didn’t. Part of him was guilty for the radio silence, but mostly he was hurt, like a petulant child that had been told he couldn’t have something he desperately wanted.
He made an effort and healed a couple of the bruises on his torso just to prove that he was okay now. It was a valiant effort, but left him breathing hard, pathetically.
Dean scoffed. “I’ve got no clue either. Never done this before.” From beside him, Cas turned his head to look at him, and Dean blushed darkly. It was a big reveal, one that could be interpreted in hundreds of little different ways. Never done the soulmate thing? Obviously not. Never had a relationship? Debatable.
“No.” He didn’t elaborate. Couldn’t elaborate, because if John found out who Cas was, if he found out that Cas was a he, then he might finish him off right then and there.
be - beside Dean, not sitting cozily at home, pretending life was going on as usual.
“Hey Dean,” Bobby said, sounding distracted.
Castiel had just dumped the pasta into the bubbling water when the washer beeped, so he switched the clothes to dry. Dean was still in the shower, probably scrubbing at the layers of sweat and grime and who knows what else.
“Good,” Hannah smirked. “You’re gonna look so funny with your hair slicked back.”
He teased at first, light sucks and feathery kisses, but soon fell into a steady rhythm. Cas was breathing heavily from above him and Dean felt a hand thread through his hair. He lifted off with a pop.
“What happened, Dean?” he asked, leaning one arm against the wall for support.
Dean walked slowly, meticulously peeking between the crammed shelves.
“Eh, this one’s got a bit of a hero complex?” The first man said, amusement light on his tone.
Dean sighed dramatically, knowing there was no escape. “Castiel Novak. Its nothing serious. We went on a date yesterday and he’s coming over again tonight.”
Except that it did.
“Heads,” Benny called out. He was still slightly breathless from the obstacle course. He was leaning forward with his hands on his knees, dragging in greedy breaths of air.
Hannah groaned and threw a chip at him. “Chicken.”
“Yeah yeah,” Sam said dismissively, not truly upset. “How’s soccer going?”
“There was some real potential out there coach,” Benny supplied. Dean nodded in agreement.
But then again… Dean remembered the horribly disappointed look on Bobby’s face when he brought home that failed math test to be signed. Bobby, who fed and clothed him without complaint. Who gave him money for books and outings, like Dean was his
If you're feeling gross or down, or even just want to say hi, please come talk to me on Instagram (oneofawall) or Tumblr (hesitatedisintegrate). Don't suffer through anything alone, don't you dare.
Coach Mills blew her whistle for silence. “Good game everyone. Four laps around the field and then you can all hit the showers. Team list will be posted tomorrow on the gymnasium doors.”
He thought of his own
“I’m bored, Dean.”
He snorted, the pieces finally clicking into place. It suddenly made much more sense why Cas looked ready to bolt. “Fuck no. That’s Bobby. He’s…” he trailed off, because he really didn’t know what to call him. “He’s just Bobby,” he finished lamely.
Dean quirked an eyebrow, confused, then sputtered as he realized what Gabriel was getting at. No, no, no he had to fix this right now. He swallowed the giant bite.
“Right?”
Everything tipped, and Cas found himself flat on his back on the sidewalk, the breath knocked clean out of him. Somewhere, he could hear Dean calling to him. Could see him tugging and hitting at the man, but it was fuzzy. Bright spots of pain kept blooming all over his body, but he had no idea where they were coming from, or why.
Dean wasn’t sure about the camera part, but the rest of Benny’s description felt like the right fit. Although who could really tell, there were thousands of students.
Some things he kept his word on. Dean taught him how to shoot a gun, and Cas learned he was a terrible shot. Still, the warmth of Dean’s body, the curves and hard lines pressing in behind him, correcting his stance, made the long hours of practice completely worthwhile.
“Who are you?” Dean asked cautiously.
“Well not always. Michael is a pianist so unless he’s travelling or in concert, he’s usually in the music room composing. Raphael is pretty much always upstairs painting. Gabriel comes and goes from the cafe. Or he’s cooking up who knows what in the kitchen.”
“Can you drive?”
“Aww no. Hell no. A chick flick?” Dean asked in horror.
Dean snorted and Cas looked at him, wary and startled, like Bobby had asked a trap question. “I don’t think he cares, Bobby. Just don’t mix them again.”
“Oh its been going really well, I love it here,” Kevin answered, lighting up at the subject.
“Cheater!” Balthazar accused, leaping for Hannah and interrupting her laugh by dragging her under. Castiel jumped over them both, sinking down into the frothing water of the fight.
Dean was a little stunned. “I didn’t realize you had shows, that sounds kinda fancy.”
“Have you found any good cases Sammy?”
“Are you still in pain?” Cas asked softly, fingers reaching out to barely brush across Dean’s chest. Dean squinted at him. Skimmed his eyes over the lightening marks across his chest that told Cas all he needed to know, pain-wise. But Cas was not looking for a biologically given answer. Dean didn’t quite know
“Really?” Cas asked, eyes lighting up adorably. He tore into the bag like a kid on Christmas and pulled out the jar, wrapped carefully in more brown paper. Slowly, he unstuck the tape and pulled out the large glass contraption.
Dean leaned against the doorway, looking back at him. “Cas I pulled out and shot a gun in the middle of the day on a busy road. The police are probably already looking for me.”
“...Dare,” Hannah answered him with some hesitation. Cas finished the crust of his pizza and wiped the crumbs off his fingers.
“Lets get cleaned up,” Dean suggested. Cas folded his wings behind him and pulled himself off of Dean reluctantly. Dean immediately wished to have his weight pressing into him again, but he felt gross and forced himself to gather a change of clothes and turn on the shower.
Dean tried to scramble back, but the claw marks on his ribs stretched and throbbed. He couldn’t
“Close enough,” John answered gruffly. “You remember the plan?”
It was a relief to wash off the grime of the day. Not that he was actually very dirty, but spending time at the bar always made him feel gross. When he finally stepped out and towelled dry, he leaned forwards to inspect his scars in the mirror. They were ugly, thanks to the infected knife, but they had healed fairly quickly and kind of made him look tough.
After twenty minutes of a very genuine attempt at focusing on his schoolwork, Dean shut his laptop. It was clear that he wouldn’t be getting anything done today.
“Dean, please, help.”
“Hey you’re staying the night, right?” Gabriel asked, almost as an afterthought.
Before he could kill any more brain cells with his mind racing so fast, the professor walked to the podium and the soft chatter in the room fell silent. Castiel turned to face the front, pencil poised.
“Breathe, Cas,” Charlie ordered, rubbing a hand down his back. He pulled in one breath, then another. Hannah reached across the table and took his hand, which felt like his only tether to this earth.
Cas looked at him with huge, hurt blue eyes. “What happened?” he begged, tipping his head into Dean’s hand.
Guys....I am so sorry I have been MIA. To say life got in the way is an understatement. Here is the latest instalment, made readable by the heroic efforts of casuallyneurotic. Endless thanks.
“Pretty good, actually,” Charlie answered lightly, taking a huge bite of her apple. Sitting at that table, it truly felt like a new beginning, like things were about to change monumentally, no going back. Castiel felt like he wasn’t a kid anymore, he was in
“What?” Dean mumbled against his hair, both amused and slightly aroused at the sound. Goddammit.
“It’s…been a couple weeks since I’ve slept through the night.” Dean admitted. And that right there was enough of a revelation to have Cas floored. Weeks? That was completely unacceptable. Cas knew that Dean was the self proclaimed protecter of humanity against all things unnatural, but dammit, someone should have been there to make sure the man was taking care of himself too.
“DAMMIT,” Bobby cursed louder, taking the pan off the heat and setting it straight on the counter. Dean wasn’t sure if he should laugh or let Bobby know that he might be melting his linoleum. Neither option seemed safe at this point.
that to be gay was to be worthy of every shame. Of the worst possible death. As if who a person loved was something they should be punished over.
Charlie hummed. “Yeah that seems like a good survival strategy.”
“Will you cut some chicken for us?”
“Don’t you dare wake me when you leave.” Dean threatened.
He also hoped his dad would teach him how to drive soon. He stretched his legs out as far as they would go, but they didn’t touch the ground. He shimmied down in his seat until they did, but then he couldn’t see over the dashboard. That would be a slight problem if he were to drive now, even he could see that.
“You always seem to be insisting that I shower here. Figured a change of clothes wouldn’t hurt.”
“Hey Ben, how’s it going?” Dean answered, grateful for the moment his face was tucked behind Benny’s shoulder. It gave him a brief pause to compose himself again.
“Gabriel,” someone choked out.
With a barely suppressed groan, he lifted himself from the sofa and half walked half hobbled into the kitchen to drop his empty bottle into the sink. It served him right that he was in pain. Dean knew if he asked, Cas would heal him without hesitation, but somehow the thought of letting the angel heal his wounds while Dean was unable to do anything about the damage he had done to the angel sat like a rock in his stomach.
The boys wasted no time, most of them jogged straight off the field to find whoever it was that came to cheer them on. Dean found himself walking towards the stands and looking for Cas. He was so focused on scanning the crowd that he didn’t notice someone was running towards him until he was nearly plowed down.
No. Not dreaming.
Dean laughed and followed, stopping quickly in Cas’s room to grab his things before heading out to the car.
Castiel gritted his teeth. Humans were too merciful.
Cas’s face fell at that, which was completely not the reaction Dean wanted.
“Do you have class in the morning?”
“Huh, didn’t know you knew her.”
“No not from what I can tell.”
“What is the purpose of a bath?” Cas asked innocently. Dean snorted. This dude had the most random questions.
Dean found himself seated between Benny and Azazel. The table was soon covered in way too many pizzas, but the boys didn’t look daunted. They dug in and Dean found himself laughing over a foaming pint of beer at Gordon, who slowed his eating considerably after the sixth slice.
the one who should be apologizing.”
“What happened, Dean?” Cas asked, unable to keep the anguish out of his voice.
Castiel barely held back his smile. “Dean I believe the term chick flick applies to a film and not a book.”
So Castiel smiled at him instead. “That’s a good question. You just need it to be set to 0 either way. So if the signs are negative, the integer would be the opposite.” He examined Dean for a moment, cocking his head to the side. “Why did you ask that question?”
“These shoulders,” Cas half groaned as he kneaded his palms over the swell of Dean’s muscles. “You’re so beautiful. So unbelievably strong. I always feel
the kid beat him, and handed his cue to Inas, who had challenged Azazel to a round.
Dean dissociates from all the adrenaline and yucky things said to him. He accidentally, then on purpose, self harms. Cas obviously notices that something is wrong and he also self harms as a way to communicate, writing
“Cas,” Dean croaked out. “Can’t breathe.”
in Castiel’s hands.
“Dude please say something, you’re making me feel like I should turn myself in.”
Dean hissed when Bobby put his arm under the tap, and Bobby gritted his teeth at the noise but said nothing. The water swirled down the drain, tinged a bright and happy red. Bobby crouched and opened the cabinet under the sink, tossing things seemingly at random onto the countertop. Stitches, tape, gauze, wide bandages.
“May the odds be ever in your favour,” He said to Cas sarcastically.
“I am doing better Dean, thank you for asking. Sam thinks I will improve significantly if I ingest something healthy.”
“I didn’t think this far ahead. I don’t actually have anything planned,” Cas admitted, twisting his fingers together. Dean was temped to reach out and take both his worrying hands but this was too new and too undefined for him to risk messing anything up.
“Can we go explore? We’ve been here a whole week and we barely know the town. I want ice cream from somewhere.”
Dean stepped out into the sunshine, holding his jacket instead of wearing it. The late May sun was warm on his face. He started home, not bothering to wait for Sam, who had already told him he was going to walk home with his new friend.
“Maybe I am, John. It’s about time you woke up and realized you’re a
“Computer engineering. I really like coding.”
Maybe it was the quiet ease of a real home made dinner, maybe it was Castiel’s steady presence, but Dean went on to elaborate without further prompting. Actually, the words tumbled out of him like water from a smashed dam.
“You’re unbelievable. Gorgeous,” Dean managed to gasp out as he rocked up against the angel, who pressed him down into the mattress with his hips.
“Are you coming or what?”
Cas didn’t respond. He was breathing hard, immobile, and he didn’t seem to mind one bit. He was looking up at Dean with an intensity that made Dean shiver. He crawled off Cas and put his back up to the wall again before he could do something stupid, like kiss that open breathless mouth.
Dean sighed a little. “Yeah. Sure, Cas,” he agreed, but there was something tired about his answer. Something Castiel wanted to dig into, given the chance. But Dean was barely accepting his help with
Dean flinched, just barely.
“So I take it you like the gift?” Dean asked with a small chuckle once they came up for air.
But it was too late. The Arachne was looming over him, drooling long sticky strings of saliva down onto his shirt.
They moved together. Cas bent when Dean pushed. Dean followed when Cas turned. They were tied with something deeper than physical pleasure, and it was that tie that allowed Cas to slowly lift Dean’s shirt and slip it off, tossing it somewhere behind him. It was that tie that drew a leg over and allowed him to sit lightly over Dean’s hips. That tie that magnetically pulled Cas down and connected their lips.
“I will leave you to enjoy your evening” Cas said as he gathered his clothes and slipped quietly out of the room.
Castiel didn’t even realize how hard he was shaking until his brother laid a hand at his throat and the eerie stillness of it shocked him.
“Yeah, I’m down to go,” Charlie said, standing and shaking the crumbs off her shirt. Cas accepted her hand and let her haul him up.
“How was that not fair?”
“Yeah..” Cas trailed off, taking Dean’s bag from him. “I asked Gabriel to book me a room and he went overboard. As usual.”
“He’s talking to a witness” Sam answered, shoving his hands into his pockets.
Its been three days.
“It was great! I learned about logarithms,” Sam said around a mouthful of pasta. He had a long stripe of sauce down his chin and Dean silently handed him a tissue from the box on the table.
“I didn’t say anything Cas, you look cute as hell.” Dean said automatically. His brain caught up to his mouth a second later and he blushed, wondering if he had gone too far.
“Can I?”
Dean didn’t even bother to hold back a broken off moan. He threaded his fingers up into Cas’s hair and tugged at the thick dark strands. Cas scraped his teeth over the mark he had just made and blew over it. Dean shivered.
“Oh” Cas replied, flustered. “Yes that would be the next step. I should uh — remove my shirt and coat to avoid tearing them.”
It felt like hours. Like years. But the kicks eventually slowed. A heavy boot planted itself firmly in the middle of Dean’s chest, and Dean found himself wishing it would just stomp down. Crush him where he lay.
The basement was dark and wet. Of course it was, what more could you expect from the basement of a vamp nest?
The sensations were infinitely worse when Sam tore open the bedroom door. He was warmer. More human. And in that moment Dean lost all control again.
“Oh.” Cas said shortly. He hesitated for a second. “Would you like to come over and read together? My sister is coming over for dinner so you can eat with us too. If you want.”
“Dude. Wake up!” Dean said again, lifting Cas to sit up slightly and supporting him on his chest.
Cas didn’t even have a chance to explain himself. He didn’t want Dean to leave, what he wanted was for him to
“Night Cas. See you in the morning, Dean answered. Cas lingered for a moment in the doorway but eventually shut the door behind him without saying anything more.
Dean dove in for a kiss and almost landed it, but Cas turned his head away.
“Well, numbers one, five, and nine were invited by scouts, and I was impressed with how they played.”
colder than it looked. From behind him, Cas laughed, but it took only a moment before he joined in as well, shirtless and completely uncaring that his shorts would be soaked.
“Thank you,” Dean said, his voice was thick with emotion. Cas gave in to the impulse to tug him into a hug. Dean deserved so much more than one random evening on a beach. He deserved everything, and Cas was determined to give it to him.
“No, we’re good,” Cas answered. “Thank you though,” he added politely after a slight pause.
This chapter is inspired by a suggestion from Why_do_you_want_to_know and seconded by TwistedAzara. I hope you like it!
“I do enjoy reading, yes,” Castiel answered evenly.
Dean was surprised to find that he immediately missed them.
Cas scrunched his nose. “uhhh. Milk. Who the hell has cookies and beer?”
news? Whatever panic the run had sucked away flooded right back into his system.
“You know, how when your dad bumps his elbow your mom gets a dark spot on
He woke just before dawn to a quiet rustle. In the pale light, he saw Dean hastily shoving his clothes into his bag, all the calm energy they had gone to bed with had evaporated and been replaced by something frantic. Purposeful.
“I work with concepts and take pictures that go with that theme. She liked this concept and wanted to be a part of it.”
“Hey,” Gabriel called as Cas stepped out the door. “What’s his name?”
“I don’t have chocolate,” Cas interrupted. “Or roses.”
“Not fair!” Bal said immediately, once he also reached the end.
“I don’t, actually,” Dean answered sharply.
“That was quite a hit you took earlier.”
“Yes,” Dean immediately half answered, half moaned.
Cas sank slowly onto Dean’s bed, and did something Dean had never seen him do before. He took off his trench coat and shoes and loosened his tie. The angel looked completely healed, but he also looked exhausted. Drained.
Part of him understood why though. This wasn’t just a one night stand he was looking for, this was love. Real and searing. It caused him to make stupid, impulsive decisions, made him twist with worry, sometimes rage.
The requests and one sided conversations were trivial things…Dean asked a couple questions about some ancient lore, and Cas avoided the guilt of not answering directly by placing a very helpful book onto a coffee table in Bobby’s house late one night. He told himself they would figure it out and left it at that.
“Sam didn’t come home last night, any idea where he is?”
“No. I have everything I need here already. Thank you.” He replied in a controlled voice.
“The couch is fine,” Dean said slowly, removing his own jacket even though it looked like he didn’t want to. The walk here seemed to have sobered him up a little and he was much more tense now.
The speed of his answer was…heartwarming. Like he had been waiting for Dean to reach out. When Dean asked if he wanted to come over for the night, Cas answered immediately with a simple
Just as he was turning up the music for his pity party, there was a knock at the door. Cas set his steaming mug on the counter and made his way to the entrance, wondering who on earth would be here before 7 in the morning. He opened the door and was immediately pushed back into the house.
“What did he want?”
Dean had fully intended to make polite small talk, but he fell silent when he saw the interior of the house.
Cas gazed steadily back and after a moment, he shrugged. “Some days I do. Some days it’s hard to forget that she isn’t here and my whole family broke apart because of me.”
She blew twice on her whistle and the team jogged into a loose circle around her.
“Shit Cas! What the hell man?” Dean asked in a rush as he startled from his lounge on the bed, spilling a slosh of beer onto the carpet.
“Okay” he breathed back.
“My father had lots of enemies, you’ll have to be more specific.”
“Dean,” Sam sighed, exasperated. “You don’t
The family eventually made it’s way to the living room, where Anna handed Cas another wrapped gift while they all settled onto the squashy sofas. Michael turned on a soft playlist in the background.
“Cas I got you a burger and a salad. I wasn’t sure what you would want. Or if you’d want to eat. Did eating this morning help at all?” Sam asked curiously.
“Harder love,” he urged, so gently that Dean wanted to laugh. His man wanted it rough? Fine. He could do that. He pulled out almost completely and slammed back through that tight wet heat, setting a bruising pace. Cas gasped into the crook of Dean’s neck and bit down on the soft skin there.
