she thinks, “Why you.” Her voice was so soft now, as if any louder would break the moment in two, “If you will ask me.”
“Steve!” he coughs out a shout, and Steve gives a moment to thank Bucky for being anywhere but here. Tony’s noises are for him and him alone, and he growls at the thought of anyone else hearing him.
“And my idea,” said Captain. Rogers, “is that if he turns out anything like that, he will be insufferable. A practiced politician – a jack of all trades – who reads everyone’s character and knows enough to skim the surface but not enough to care or encourage. To display his own superiority in knowing everything and dispense shallow flatteries! My dear Antonia, I know you far too well to even try to endure such a person.”
She was just so good with people.
Steve surges up, catches Tony’s mouth with his own. Distractedly pulls his shirt over his head in between kisses that land on any part of Tony’s skin he can get access to. His lips, his forehead, his neck, the crook of his jaw. He misses Tony’s groan, his nose against his neck taking in the smell of his skin.
, was an actual goose and accidentally shot one dead. That had chicks. Which he then raised.” Steve’s voice is monotone, but a smile trembles on his lips, “he just needed a little guidance, at first. He left the field as one of the best Special Recovery agents I’ve ever seen.”
“Well they are so very civil. And I am not so proud that I cannot admit to changing my mind. Beside, you can clearly change yours. Taking my advice with the coach! I am proud to be on your arm tonight!”
“I am not speaking of its prudence, merely it’s probability.”
Tony feels like he’s wading through knee deep water. “I thought.” He starts, swallows, admitting to Steve something he had never even admitted to himself, “I thought perhaps that he’d finally be proud.” The words are broken, like shards of glass churned out his throat. “I had your words in my head, and my work in my hands. And I just, just thought he’d finally see me.”
“I hope you can detach the groin plate.” He had whispered, a knowing smirk colouring the words, “Because otherwise I am ripping it off.”
And Steve, hopped up on the delicious feel of morphine, will smile aimlessly, none the wiser to the ferociousness of his beloved. But his soul knows it, his soul resets and curls up like a cat in his ribs with the secure knowledge that it’s other half would destroy the earth if it meant Steve was safe.
“Do you think,” he says, as he shrugs out the trousers, letting Steve take in the fact he’s commando underneath with a bitten off gasp, “you know me well enough now?”
“I would do that, and a great deal more, for your honour.” Steven’s voice is raw with emotion, and she will keep what Mr Hammer said a secret no matter what. For she will never highlight to anyone how Steven looks at her, for worry that he will stop doing it, “I am just glad you are safe, for whilst never was there any doubt in my mind that you can and could handle yourself, I must admit relief that you are safe from such misplaced idiocy, and will call on him anyway to relay my displeasure.” Antonia moves to protest, “No. No this you will allow me, lest we tell Maria and unleash her untold wrath on the man.”
Busy as he was, seemingly engaged in attention to Miss Romanov, the young man was yet able to shew a most happy countenance on seeing Antonia again.
“Why am I waiting?” Tony asks, tone cheeky, watches Steve laugh a shaky thing and run a hand through his hair. Tony wants that hand to be on him again, wants to run his own hands through Steve’s golden hair.
“I was only going to observe, that though such unfortunate circumstances occur both to men and
Antonia shook her head firmly as Bruce attempted to smother an incredulous look, and spoke coolly, “I cannot say I wish to be snowed up a week at Randalls with a newborn child back at Hartfield and work that awaits me back in London.”
His mind is screaming at him as these memories conjoin and form one echoing statement that is completely Tony and it’s like the man’s image has been burnt onto his retinas. They’ve sewn together in his mind and he can’t pull the stitching apart.
“You surprise me. I have never known you so unjust. Your opinions are inaccurate. Clint Barton is an amiable young man, and I can vouch for his indifference to Miss Romanov, believe me.” The last words are spoken with a hidden knowledge, and a thought rudely enters Steven’s head that the reason she knows he is not attached to Natasha is because she knows him attached to herself. She sighs, throwing her arms out, and the moment sits a while, heavy and solemn. “Let us stop this now, are you staying for supper?”
her by the wayside, simply for the happenstance of his birth. A birth, that in actuality is not so far away from my own, and so I sit and wonder whether our friendship is merely based on the fact that the luck of my lot has caused me to be landed with good fortune. Is that why you feel comfortable enough to grace me with the time of day? Do you only sit with me out of pity for my station, am I just another charity case to you, another man whose affection you scheme with? How long before you shoehorn me into embarrassment and ill thought through schemes at the expense of my happiness?” Antonia wants to scream a protest at his words, but he continues without stopping, “I have been wondering this, Antonia, and now wonder whether the only reason you haven’t turned your schemes to me is because you see me as less than, as undeserving.”
“As soon as I am cooler I shall go back again as I could be very ill spared but such a point had been made of my coming! You will all be going soon I suppose; the whole party breaking up. I met
“So. That’s it then?” Tony Stark stands, radiating anger from his skin, face flushed with exertion. A drop of sweat trickles down his chin and settles in the crook of his collarbone. Steve tracks it, and gulps.
“Not at all – I just feel he is odd spirits this evening and would do best to stay out of his way where possible. Bruce believes him in love with me. Me! – what an idea!”
Sarah Rogers is diminutive, she barely comes up to his shoulders. Her figure would look frail on another, but she merely glows. She’s spun like golden thread, yet looks wired by steel. It’s like god poured all her love into her frame but stopped before others could get too jealous. Like anymore and those around her would be frightened of the power she wielded. “Anthony it is, then. Could you be so kind, and let me know where I might find Mr Jarvis? He was going to show me where to find everything. But I admit, we are a little early. I didn’t think Steve would be around to help me move.”
Tony cries out with a bitten off curse. Steve grins up at him, smug and indulgent, before taking Tony deep into his throat. It’s rough at first, he has to bite back the urge to gag. Tony isn’t as large as him, but it’s still a weight he feels on his tongue and it’s been a while since Steve’s done this. He never trusted Brock, the man too focused on his own pleasure to care whether he suffocated Steve in chasing it.
Antonia could not help but laugh bitterly, “
He dreams, sometimes, of what that would be like. They take on a nightmarish gleam, a feverish and angry thing. One night Tony looks at him with horror, tells him to pack his things and leave. Another Tony laughs in his face, asks him how he ever thought a man like
The rooms silent for a moment, horrible and deathly quiet. Tony feels gutted, feels like someone’s pulled him apart by the ribcage and carved out his heart. He feels Steve still, abject terror and agony, and wants to sink into the floor.
“Wait. Wait.” Steve stops them, Tony’s flush against his skin, panting heavily, “What.”
“How good for you! And Mrs. Marvel is so anxious to be acquainted with him, that she must be as happy as yourself.” Antonia continued – “And do not worry so on my account. I have waited eagerly to meet him for nearly 20 years, a few more weeks will not be so difficult to bear.” She says this to see the grin it puts on Mr. and Mrs. Marvel’s faces, and she does not do wrong. She misses, however, the long sigh and grimace of Steven across the table. “I think to set off recklessly, impulsively even, to risk disobeying his grandmother in order to do a duty to his very close uncle shows a fineness of spirit in Mr. Barton. A keenness of feeling even, a most romantic nature, and a thoroughly good heart.”
They had a very fine day for Potomac Hill; and the party proceeded pleasantly. Antonia and Harriet went together; Miss Hill and her niece with the Hammers; the gentlemen on horseback. Nothing was wanting but to be happy when they got there. Antonia could barely sit still as they travelled the seven miles to their destination, her eyes avidly eating up the countryside with delight. But upon arrival they settled too much into parties. The Hammers walked together; Captain Rogers took charge of Miss Hill and Natasha; and Antonia and Pepper belonged to Clint Barton. And Mr. Marvel, in vain, tried to make them harmonise better. But during the two whole hours that were spent on the hill, there seemed a principle of separation, too strong for any fine prospects to remove.
“I will manage invitations,” said Mrs. Hammer, pulling Steven from his stupor, “for your little strawberry party.”
“I guess it may relate to Mr. Clint Barton, but that is all I have.”
He comes back into his own head now as Steve prepares him, scissors him wide with his gorgeous large and blunt fingers. Steve’s careful not to hit his prostate, a fact that makes Tony narrow his eyes looking down at his lover, who only glances at him with a wicked grin.
he thinks wryly.
Thus, you always know when she does decide to speak, that she’s probably been calculating her sentence for the past ten minutes. As such, when Steve makes a break for the bar to order more drinks (just Pepsi’s for him and Tony though) she simply says “I’ll come help” with no room for argument. So Steve resigns himself to a grilling as they step to the bar, order, and wait.
The room is uncomfortably silent a moment, and Steve flushes at how his words have laid him bare, skinned his bones and showed Tony every rush of blood.
"Steve’s vaulting over rubble and debris without even thinking twice, shouting and swearing down the comm for medical. He doesn’t even care if the other monsters have submitted, doesn’t have anything else in his sight but the dust falling in front of him and his heart sings Tony, Tony, Tony."
“Yes – I
“Give me a second.” He mutters, and Steve shakes his head.
Escape, however, was not his plan. He came to the part of the room where the older women who sat out of the evening’s entertainment were collected, and walked in front of them. Antonia was not yet dancing; the set was slowly working its way up, and therefore she had the leisure to look around. She crept closer still, so that the whole group were exactly behind her, and she would no longer require just her eyes to watch; but Mr. Hammer was so near, she could hear every syllable of dialogue.
Steve murmurs an apology before looking down to the screen. Clints being trying to get in touch it seems for the last hour, and it’s with mounting alarm he reads the texts to sirens and screams in his mind.
Tony doesn’t know what he means, but he knows he’s ready. He’s ready for now, ready for tomorrow, ready for the days after and the months and years that span out ahead of them in glorious technicolour. “Yeah baby.” He smiles, really means it, lets it spread across his face, “Lets go change the world together.”
, knee smacking against the concrete floor loud enough to echo in the now silent room. Tony thinks he hears Bruce gasp somewhere like some Victorian heroine, and he’d spare a moment to roll his eyes at his reaction but he’s too busy trying to breathe around his heart now lodged in his throat.
“I am well, Captain Rogers.” Natasha spoke, voice often unheard and all the more soft for it. As gentle as a babbling brook, it was distinctly unlike Antonia’s harsh and excited tones, “And we are much obliged to you for the carriage.”
“That’s okay honey. I’ll fuck another one out of you before we’re finished.” And the words are
behavior as her
Antonia felt a wave of feeling, of empathy, “That can be no reason for being exposed to danger. I will call the carriage. The heat even would be a danger. You are fatigued already.”
“I have nothing to do with your own decision, Virginia. It is up to you to know your own feelings.” Antonia stands up, looking at the letter once, before sitting down beside Virginia, hand outstretched upon Virginia’s shoulder in comfort.
Captain Rogers might quarrel with her, but Antonia would not quarrel with herself. He was so much displeased that she did not see him at Hartfield for weeks, and when he did stop by, the air was stilted and conversation sparse. Any words exchanged were through the gentle mediation of Maria Stark, who could not fathom the murky waters they were now wading through. When he takes his leave though, his eyes burn into Antonia’s, so much so she would not be surprised to smell smoke rising from her petticoats.
“News! Oh! Yes, I always like news. Pepper and I have found ourselves starved of any of late.”
Long standing regard had brought the Reeds and the Xaviers (though Maria had often admitted she bore the company of the heads of house only for the delight in company of their two children); and by Mr Hammer, a young man living alone without liking it, the privilege of exchanging any evening he found himself idle for the elegancy of Mrs Stark’s drawing room.
“Surprise. Rhodey. Computers. Don’t have one. And slow down! What’s the rush?” Tony laughs, moves his hand back and catches Steven’s eyes tracking the motion in his throat with hooded eyes. The heat is near stifling between them, Tony’s sure that just a spark from them would have the kindling banked at the hearth of the fireplace ablaze.
of misery! Is that what we were? Fool me, here was I thinking we welcomed him back to Highbury with openness and friendship!”
He can feel the panic clawing up his throat.
“I’m sorry,” he stutters, “I should have stopped and thought for a minute. I’ll leave you to it, maybe hole up with Bucky for tonight just to lick my wounds.” He tries for humour, missing it by miserable miles and Tony’s rushing forward before he can think.
“Antonia the words that spill from your mouth are nonsense!” cried Steven, “James Rhodes had all these qualities to recommend him and simply because he comes from a labourer background,
“Have you no idea?” said Mrs. Marvel in a trembling voice.
She looked at Steven and mouthed a word of thanks, as the conversation progressed as to the kindness and generosity of one Captain. Rogers. Antonia joined in, before making a concentrated effort to change the subject to one of planning, knowing how much Steven hated the spotlight on himself.
After these, came a second set; of whom were Mrs and Miss Hill, and Mrs May, three ladies who would grab at any invitation to Hartfield and whom were fetched and carried home so often that Mrs Stark thought James and the horses knew the journey by heart.
“Just checking your temperature.” Steve reassures him, leader mentality firmly in place, “So Loki sent them?”
“Well. The Cages would never invite me, or you for that matter. We are too superior.”
Antonia moves forward, crowding into Steve’s space a little, looking up to his furrowed brow, “Oh of course! She is so wonderful but you must admit she is a little bit ridiculous!”
“Okay, enough, enough, enough.” Tony repeats like it’s the only words he knows.
This particular evening, Antonia was busying herself with pulling apart her late father’s pocketwatch, if only to put it back together again. The pieces within were worn from this now regular routine, but she enjoyed noting how the mechanism worked, how it continued to work no matter the changes made to it.
, she thought, watching the group as they were now,
Why she was so magnificent at this game of matchmaking! Why she only had to cast her mind back to yesterday, to remember just how good she was in ways of the heart.
Supper was announced shortly after, and the move began slowly. She did not gain a chance to corner Steven to utter her thanks, and it wasn’t until after supper began the slow stroll back to the dance hall that Antonia invited him to come to her with her eyes, and when that didn’t work, a glare.
“What do you think of this space, for a ball, Miss Hill!” Clint Barton exclaimed as they set themselves in the room.
“Ah the uncertainty of when I may be able to return! It will be the object of all my thoughts and desires.” His eyes were sad, voice low and dark.
The Potomac Hill visit is coming soon, and with it some classic Antonia and Steven arguments laced with sexual tension! It's all here folks.
When he trips downstairs the next morning, soft and happy, Howard is waiting for him.
"Of course the dude, c'mon man. Don't you recognize who it is?" Sam asks, eyes widening almost comically when Steve answers in negative, "Are you from the
Mrs May was the mistress of a real and honest old-fashioned boarding school where girls were sent, often to be out of the way, and work their way into an education, but never enough to be boastful. The school was held in high repute – Mrs May keeping the children in a house of ample house and garden that in the summer opened its impressive bay doors to the sun to allow the children to bask in the warmth, and in the winter cultivated a fire so hearty it kept the house warm enough to wander without winter clothes.
“Oh but they are on the west fields. Beside, Captain Rogers says they are not the bad sort of travellers, they come here every year.” Antonia spoke quickly, smiling, watching as Miss Hill shook her head.
And to make things better, the lame horse recovered so fast in the meanwhile that the party to Potomac Hill was again under happy consideration. Donwell settled on for one day, and Potomac Hill the next – the weather appearing exactly right.
Antonia rankled, blushed, but tried to laugh off the rebuke.
Steve reaches behind Tony, the perfect excuse to wrap his arms round his lover and pull him in for another kiss, flipping off the group with his free hand.
tiny bit of possessiveness when they get an invite out to an Avengers fundraiser. They have to go, of course they do, but there is a dirty bit of Tony, a bit he doesn’t let out into the light, that wants to chain Steve to his bed and never let him leave. He’s lucky that up until this point aside their initial meeting he has managed to avoid having to attend any public events if only through
Tony’s too sleepy to puzzle through what that means, but he smiles all the same. Steve speaks with Bucky in the hallway, voices low for a while, and Tony falls into a dreamlike state somewhere between breathing and sleeping. He lets the time drip through his fingers, until Steve’s crouched in front of him again.
The carriage ride was filled with a comfortable silence for the most part, though Antonia felt deeply aware of every small move Steven made. Her body thrummed with it, and she put off the heat building inside her and the flush against her face as simply covering herself in too many carriage blankets.
I have been assisting Miss Romanov in trying to make her instrument stand steadily, it was not quite firm; an unevenness in the floor I believe. You see we have been wedging one leg with paper. This was very kind of you to be persuaded to come. I was almost afraid you would be hurrying home.”
The man’s shoulders droop, and he practically falls asleep where he stands. “What are you talking about, sleep. Gods like me don’t need sleep.” The joke is slightly slurred and Steve grins.
, he’d crow,
Tony loves every flawed beautiful bit of it.
Upon gazing upon it, Mr. Hammer’s lips twisted, and it was the first time Antonia was struck upon how this man could even look ugly where occasion granted it, “I see. I suppose to have a likeness painted for a beloved
Any other time, Antonia may have watched the exchange with amusement, but she was far too much astonished by Mr. Hammer’s spirits, Virginia forgotten in the expectation of a pleasant party.
“Maria.” Howard starts, “Maria.
Whilst it was a shame to have to set her sights on Mr. Hammer ever again, she was comfortable in the knowledge that Steven wouldn’t let him come near enough to her to say anything more than ‘how do you do’, and that Pepper would heal quick. Mr. Hammer was not a man of substance enough to have her upset for long.
"They thought I was a prostitute, Tony." Steve's voice as a rumble, crackling and cutting through the confusion.
"What
“I have had to watch, as you have made a fool of yourself over Mr. Barton, behaved so viciously toward not only Miss. Hill but Miss. Romanov. Schemed with Miss. Potts heart so ferociously you’ve left a boy who
yourself said there had been matches of great disparity – I should have not thought it possible. Yet you, who has always been acquainted with him –“
The invitation, despite being called
“Captain Rogers has taken pity on poor little Miss Potts! There is room for charity everywhere, I declare.”
It happens during a phone call and Tony is fucking blindsided.
When Steve finds himself staring at Tony’s chest as it rises with every breath, he gets blindsided by a realisation that clogs his throat with panic.
“I don’t know what to be more angry at - that they thought you were a prostitute or I thought they were turning us away for being gay. Which is worse?” He slumps back in the velvet chair, unable to recognise the smooth silky feel against his aching back.
“Is this not most vexatious, Rogers?” she cried – making Antonia grind her teeth with the intimate name once more –“And such weather for exploring! These delays are so disappointing – before this time last year I had already organized and attended a delightful exploring party. The year will wear away at this rate!”
“You must be young Master Stark. It’s a pleasure to meet you, sir.”
“We will discuss no more, you are always so keen to find me disagreeable.” Antonia remarks in a cool tone.
Intimate evening party dinners were what she preferred, steering the conversation in a manner perfectly suited to her role as hostess. And she could also completely destroy her dinner mates in a game of cards so gracefully you could not complain.
They are stopped now in the eaves of the gardens, and both are so wrapped in the other that they do not notice Maria and Jarvis stood with their noses pressed against the glass of the bay doors of Hartfield, breath fogging the windows like young children at a sweet shop.
It’s not phrased like a question, he thinks perhaps she doesn’t have the energy to say it as such. She’s going through the motions, without any real connection. She doesn’t know of the circuit boards he has taken apart upstairs, she doesn’t know that the small remote control bike she gifted him one year is in bits and bolts across his floor.
Tony attends dinner parties, soirées, social gatherings. He laughs mechanically when required, woodenly smiles at Ty when desired, charm sliding off him like butter off a knife. He’s just going through the motions, like a puppet on strings, feels Howard’s stare like a brand on his back. He reaches for Steve in his mind, feels the echolocation ping off against his intended. Feels his love and sadness jostle for purchase against him, lets it soak in. He turns and stares Howard down, lets his eyes burn until Howard turns away first, discombobulated. Their relationship has gone through a paradigm shift, has split and shaken. Tony no longer cares one jot for the approval of a man who means nothing to him.
in love with him in return, in spite of her previous determination against the fact. The only cause for the sensation of listlessness, weariness, stupidity, this inability to sit down and do anything. This feeling that everything around the house is dull and insipid. It could not be anything but!
Stark in comparison to his shaky landing is the picture of slick. He’s sat in one of the long backed chairs, legs up and crossed on the table in a way that’s careless yet refined. The suit that’s casually rumpled is so well fitted it looks practically sewn on, and the sunglasses he’s sporting are pushed back to perch on his head showing eyes so deep Steve thinks he could cliff dive into them.
So Clint Barton is a capital dancer, I understand. We shall see if our styles suit. A fine young man certainly is Clint Barton, I like him very well.”
manufactured weapons becoming the ones you only have to fire once to wreak destruction. No thought or planning needed. Steve takes it in, takes it all in with only a nod here and there to show he’s listening until Tony mentions Rwanda, talks through Bosnia and Steve is screaming. Tony doesn’t ever want to repeat that, but now he seems to have a front row ticket to the slow imploding of Steve Rogers.
he sounds close to
betrayed a thing in the world!”
Now, he makes love like every time is going to be their last and Tony doesn’t know what else to do but press his fingers into Steve’s skin and groan, trying to provide him with a lodestar in the midst of Steve’s panic.
not want to be seen with
Mr. Marvel told Antonia that they had stopped at Miss Hill’s door to offer the use of their carriage, but the aunt and niece were to be brought by the Hammers.
Steve’s voice is hoarse from screaming, eyes helpless to do anything but track a bead of sweat that slides down Tony’s abdomen, slips under the drawstring of his trousers. He shivers as lust disorientates him and shudders through him in a wave. “S-sorry.” He coughs, “bad dream.”
The kisses are slow, with no destination, no rush. It’s breathtakingly intimate, stood together with no sound but the water falling around them.
Steve’s eyes won’t track properly, swinging across the room. “Yes. Please.” He chokes out past the smoke on his tongue.
Instead he straightens his tie and moves off toward the elevator muttering about needing to get there on time. Steve’s footfall is quiet behind him and the gentle but consistent warmth comforts Tony in a way nothing else can.
in affection to Captain Rogers made her feel quite ill. It was a different kind of family she wished to be to him now, she was sure of it. But she could not flatter herself with any idea of blindness in his attachment to her; he spoke directly and strongly to her on how her behavior towards Miss Hill shocked him. He challenged her immediately on her separation of Mr. Rhodes and Miss Potts. No, he certainly was not blinded by love when it came to standing up to her clumsy behavior.
“We want only two more to be the right number. I should like to see two more here at Randall’s – your lovely friend, Miss Potts; and my nephew – and then we are complete. I don’t believe you heard me telling the others in the drawing room that we are expecting Clint. I had a letter from him this morning and we are to expect him within the fortnight.”
“My idea of him is that he has the power of being universally agreeable. To you, he will talk of farming or ligature; to me, of drawing or music; and so on to everybody, having that general information on all subjects which will enable him to put everyone around him at ease.”
She couldn’t believe the level she had been deceived - that he had never thought seriously of Virginia. No matter how she looked back she couldn’t understand, aside the fact she had taken the idea upon herself and bent everything around her to it. His visits, his eagerness about the picture, crossing paths all those times in the village. All of it – for
Steve’s always had a gift for cocksucking. His enhanced ability to hold his breath, to breathe through his nose calmly and quickly, means he often has Tony a babbling mess before either of them can think. He’s slower now, let’s the weight of Tony’s cock sit on his tongue a minute, swirls his tongue around the head and down the slit that has Tony fisting his dirty blonde hair. He continues in a lazy and wicked rhythm until Tony’s near mad with it, before pulling off with a grin. Tony tracks the saliva strand that connects Steve’s puffed, red lips to his cock and feels a surge of red lust bolt down his spine.
Soon afterwards Mr. Hammer quitted them, and she could not but do him the justice of feeling that there was a great deal of sentiment in his manner of naming Virginia at parting; in the tone of his voice while assuring that he should call at Mrs. May’s for news of their friend, and he smiled himself off in a way that left the balance of approbation much in his favour.
Antonia would not agree to this. And perhaps, later, she’d see this as the mark in the sand, the turning point. She had been so used to overflowing compliments the minute the conversation turned to Miss Romanov, that perhaps the one that did not start with the same tack made her bold. Made her conscious decide that this was someone she wished to stick to, “It was certainly never brilliant.” She responded, “but she would not allow it to have a sickly hue. But there was a softness and delicateness to it. You have heard the talk of her situation, of course?”
“Who will you dance with?” Steven asks, tone still quiet, and Antonia fixes him with a gaze.
It had been a long time since Antonia had been at the Abbey in the daylight, that as soon as she was satisfied with her mother’s comfort, she was happy to leave her and look around; eager to refresh her memory with particular observation.
The novel Virginia and Antonia briefly discuss is The Sorrows of Young Werther by Johann Goethe, a semi-autobiographical novel written as a selection of letters of a man so heartsick it spurred the Romantic movement of the late 1780s, and made Goethe a literature celebrity of his day. Worth reading, or at least having a foray into should you have time or feel the need!
“Did I miss the memo that it was annual ‘gang up on Steve’ day or something?” Steve complains, and the grins that affix to Bucky and Clint’s face are so mischievous its terrifying.
, that is replaced quickly with just confusion when he senses Tony close to him, pain a thick and tangible undercurrent.
"What." Tony says, because it's not phrased like a question. It's phrased like incredulity.
They fall into step together, Antonia all too eager to continue, “Well if she is to leave the Coulson’s she will have to look for a position as a governess!”
Steves in a state of shock. He stands not two feet from
He curses under his breath, cheeks filling with colour. He goes to raise a hand to drag across his face, but finds it weighted down.
importance.”
Later, he thinks of the peace that comes with the choices that fully feel his own. The stillness of his mind as he reaches for Tony in the eaves of Stark Mansion and tells him his name. The quiet that envelops him as he makes room between Tony’s thighs to kiss down his lover’s legs, the only sounds Tony’s little gasps and sighs. There is such calmness in him when his choices are his own, when he is utterly selfish looking down on his soulmark and letting his blood sing
Antonia is not sure what she expected returning to Hartfield, but meeting a new face was not it.
“Hey,” Tony pants out, hands stretched out above his head and tied down so he uses his head to gesture at the hologram above his head, “Did you know that I am- ah – apparently corrupting you?” Tony’s impressed he can string words together as Steve continues to hit that delicious spot again and again.
“That can’t be true.” Steve remembers visiting Tony only yesterday… it was definitely yesterday, surely? The days blur into one, monochromatic stretch in Steve’s mind.
Randall’s was home to one Mr. and Mrs. Marvel. A couple of exceptionable character, easy fortune, and incredible estate. Maria got on well with the pair, and as such an open invite always wormed its way to them every Christmastime. It was a busy party, though invites were still highly sought after. As such, the inclusion of Virginia on the list was one Antonia worked hard to achieve, but was glad to see it come to fruition. Perhaps, in an evening of merriment and slightly sped up through inebriety, there would be a love confession from a certain vicar? Antonia could only hope fervently for such.
“Yes.” His voice was deep with despair, and
Antonia had not another word to oppose. They walked together in silence to the boundaries of the estate, keeping away from the group, and she left with a thankful and grateful parting look, leaving her with the words, “Thank you Antonia, the comfort of being alone sometimes is all that is needed.”
He can’t help it though, now. Every time the alarm sounds and he watches Steve shoulder into the suit like he was born to do it, there is a treacherous voice that whispers
The two sit, heads bent, and talk quietly until the sunlight burns through the window.
in his eyes, Bruce speaks up about helping Tony strengthen his Kevlar without damaging the flexibility of the suit and Natasha offers him the first cup of coffee, gracing him with a mouth that trembles around a smile.
Maria’s eyes turn gentle, “I know you wonder at what will become of her, the curiosity is almost overwhelming sometimes isn’t it? I share your anxiety, but not your worry. I know Antonia is always steered right by you, and how much stock she puts in your opinion. You should never fear losing her support of you. It’s as immovable as Hartfield.”
The AI sounded amused, if that was even possible? He’d have to ask Tony. “Don’t you worry Jarvis, I’ll get him out of there.”
After a battle where one of them have cut the wire that fraction too close, Steve will find him afterwards, embed himself into Tony with dust covered fingers until they are sweating and shaking. Tony feels flayed open after these encounters, raw with emotion Steve has pounded into him, with the words of adoration Steve has whispered soaking into his neck.
A laugh rallies around the table, “For my part it only makes my anticipation even stronger.” Antonia responds, laying it on as thick as she can, “Any woman could not resist such heroic and gentlemanly impulses.”
and not his
It should be said that intelligent minds with little to do often wander in mischevious ways, and none was more so intelligent with so little to do than Antonia Stark’s. And at this precise moment, an ingenious and animating suspicion entered Antonia’s brain with regard to Natasha Romanov, this charming Mr. Murdock, and the not going to Ireland. She was a romantic, at heart, one well acquainted with Gaskell and Edgeworth. A fanciful notion struck her at once as to the relationship between the two, and she was lost.
be his.
“Natasha’s writing is always so very handsome. I do say she writes the most handsome letters I have ever read. Wouldn’t you say it is handsome? She’s so kind, taking the time out of her busy life to write to me.”
“Oh! Miss Stark, believe me I have not the audacity to suppose – Indeed I am not so much of a climber – but it is a pleasure to admire him from a distance – and to think of his infinite superiority to all the rest of the world.”
Mrs. Marvel was perhaps one of Highbury’s true, unadulterated beauties, almost exotic in her countenance. Not only that, but marvelously intelligent, she did not wait long before marrying. In fact, Antonia would love to hate her, but she could not, when the woman was so utterly charming. Many a day had been spent in Mrs. Marvel’s attentions, the woman fifteen years her senior, making it feel like the gentle instruction of an aunt. The very sight of Mrs. Marvel, her smile, her voice, was grateful to Antonia, and she determined to think as little as possible of Mr. Hammer’s oddities, or of anything else unpleasant, and enjoy all that was enjoyable to the utmost.
“Yes but-“ “But you wish to be able to refuse them in the manner in which you are accustomed.” Steven retorted before she could even finish her thought. Mrs. Stark watched them with fond eyes, and Antonia fought to hide a smile from her lips. There is something comforting in her and Steven being vaguely at odds, and Steven’s light hearted jesting.
No, she’s blind to all this. Powerless to do anything but stand in abject confusion, stomach churning as butterflies dancing across her ribcage. She feels like there has been a polemic shift in her heart, but she can’t pin down for what reason. All she knows is that she would have gladly spent hours in the embrace of Steve’s arms, and she’s scared to examine too closely why that is.
Virginia slept at Hartfield that night. Her heart seemed weary, and it was little Antonia could do to refuse her a night of comfort. For some weeks past she had been spending most of her time there, and Antonia judged it best to have her with them as much as possible. The next morning she made her excuses to visit Mrs. May’s for an hour or two, before promising to return.
“Mr Stark hasn’t left his workshop since arriving back this morning and my monitors tell me he isn’t performing at optimum - protocol set out by Miss Potts dictates I should call in someone to quote, “get his ass out of that bloody place”, endquote.”
And in that moment, Antonia could do nothing else but sit and paint his likeness, else her fingers grow itchy with ill use. She let the brush strokes guide her, wanting to remember every moment of this night. The fire bathed him in a glow so intimate she felt she was intruding, but she was loathe to leave now.
The shirt is off now, and the slacks follow in quick succession. Tony nearly swoons as he stands up in a rush to divest himself of his own clothing in quick agreement, until finally they are both wonderfully, gorgeously naked together.
and Steve’s eyes tangle with his, devastated by the pain he sees there, “See – Steve! You can’t just – you can’t just
“Bucky’s my best friend.” Steve says on automatic.
“My mind is riotous.” Virginia answered this discourse quickly, face stormy, “I don’t know what to do.”
Captain. Rogers had spoken prophetically, it seemed, when he once said, “Antonia, you have been no friend to Virginia Potts”. She had done her nothing but disservice – and whilst, unlike the first attempt, she was not the sole and original author of the mischief (for Pepper had acknowledged her admiration and preference of Clint Barton before she had ever given her a hint on the subject), but she felt completely guilty of encouraging what she should of repressed.
However, she had to be satisfied in offering a dinner at Hartfield for the Hammers. She could not afford to be seen to be doing less than others, or she should be exposed to odious suspicions, and imagined capable of pitiful resentment over a man who was all grease. A dinner there must be. After Antonia talked of it for ten minutes, Mrs Stark felt no unwillingness, and only mae the usual stipulation of not sitting at the bottom of the table herself.
“Anthony - don’t” she speaks soft.
“I see how it is.” Said she, “I see what a life I am to lead among you. Upon my word we shall be absolutely dissipated. We really seem to quite the fashion. If this is living in the country, it is nothing formidable! Thank goodness I have all my resources at my disposal.”
"All that talk of attractive people, and I still didn't catch your name?" Tony asks, and at this point Steve feels emboldened, drunk on the number he now has in his contacts, on the smile Tony keeps gracing him with, like he's the most fascinating thing Tony has ever seen.
“Please.” Tony bites, “please just take us to him.”
“You might not want to bulldoze, but you did anyway. I had you.” Tony’s voice breaks, “I had you for two amazing days. And I don’t think I can go back to not having you.”
Natasha was immediately up, alert and proving as ready as her aunt had suggested. With her up and ready to make haste, so too did the others join and move, causing her an inability to be away as quick as she hoped. She afterwards was looking for her shawl – Clint Barton looking also – it was growing dusk, and the room was in confusion; and how they parted Captain Rogers could not tell.
Tony arches under his gaze, watches Steve watch him with half-lidded eyes. Steve’s gaze makes him feel
"Calm, darling." Steve breathes, thumbs Tony's waist, "I'm sure it'll be a misunderstanding."
Natasha was on Antonia at once, the most excited she had ever been seen to Antonia’s eyes, “A ball! What a marvelous idea!” Antonia was taken aback at the joy in her eyes, “I am so looking forward to it.”
Antonia agreed, “But five couples are not enough. Not to make it worthwhile to stand up. It will not do to invite only five couples. We need more.”
“If you can still think about being cheeky,” Steve says round a laugh, “I’m not doing good enough a job.”
so familiar it steals Tony’s breath. He begins taking off his leather jacket, slowly, and when he winces as it catches on his arm Tony is there beside him, gut tightening in worry.
Steve listens to the group chatter away silently, sitting side by side with Tony and keenly aware that the man is watching his every move with a look of concern on his face. Every so often their shoulders bump as one or the other reaches for another helping of nachos. Steve would be lying if he said he didn’t subconsciously lean into the touch. Clint makes it his personal mission to smear Natasha’s nose with sour cream, an endeavour which only gains him a growl and a face full of guacamole a second later. Bruce is sat chatting to Thor trying to explain how microwaves (“Midgardian sorcery!”) work, and every so often Tony chimes in asking for Asgard ale in return for their knowledge.
“Oh but you don’t arrive with me.” Steven’s eyes sparkle with humour, “Mr. Hammer is waiting to attend to you.”
Miss Hill stood in what was considered the very worst predicament in the world, despite holding much public favour; she was neither young, handsome, rich, nor married. She had no intellectual superiority to excuse this particular fate, never boasting beauty or cleverness. She was plain in the saddest and ugliest sense of the world, nothing to become her both inside and out. And yet she seemed a happy woman; the simplicity and cheerfulness of her nature insured that very little could be said in negative of her.
“Obie, it’s Anthony. I need a favour.”
“What do you mean?” Steve asks, voice calm with serenity he doesn’t feel. His heart is up in his throat, clogging his breath, thundering through his skin.
The workshop fascinated Steve, in a way you are always curious about the things you don’t understand. Tony had once tried to explain to the Captain the processes and technology involved, but Steve had faded out mid “interface and calibration” speech to teach Dummy how to give a good solid handshake instead. A trick, Tony had muttered later, the machine wouldn’t stop attempting with everyone.
Cranford had once written that soulbond as were mans answer to whalesong. Our own echolocation. Steve wasn’t inclined to disagree, for every thrum of Tony’s heart sat in perfect syncopation with his own. It thudded against Steve’s breastbone, every rush of phantom blood filling Steve with gratitude and adoration. Tony’s body worked overtime to keep him well and rested, and in that space he thrived. It was that extra rush of blood through training, that extra breath of air in his lungs for the last 100m of suicide drills. It was all that, and the unshakeable mantra of
“Simple as that?” He stupidly blurts out. She gives him a look.
“Mmkay.” Tony mumbles, settled now that all was right in his world, “you promised.”
“Truly, madly, deeply, baby.” He jokes, reaching for the velvet box with grabby hands, “now give me my ring, I want it.”
At least, Antonia supposed, his son was too well bred not to hear the hint, rose immediately also. “If you are further on business, I will take the opportunity to visit, a visit which must be paid someday, so may as well be paid now. I am acquainted with a neighbor of yours, a Miss Romanov I believe her name is. Though, I believe her proper name – her name she will be residing under – will perhaps be Hunt, or Hill. Something of that nature.”
“I had to make sure Bruce would not rub in his happily contented self too much without a check here or there, Maria.” Steven grinned, eyes scanning the room. They skated across Antonia’s own, barely connecting, before settling on Bruce and smiling. The slight, however small, felt like a dagger between the ribs, and Antonia had to hold back a gasp.
A laugh from Natasha, loud and bright, rings out somewhere behind them. Bucky claps once, the metallic sound clear and pure.
"If anyone looks like a prostitute in this relationship, I would like to think it would be me." Tony is petulant now and Steve gently pats his shoulder.
There are varying different stories of the soulmarks, lore that changes in each culture, stories that Jarvis sneaks to Anthony amongst the folds of his overcoat. He reads them avidly when the rest of the house has gone to bed, hides them away amongst Werther and Austen and other books he knows his father will never lift from their dusty origins in the library. Howard does not care for what he doesn’t understand, and love is chief amongst the things he remains unflinchingly ignorant on.
“Pepper’s one of the most well-adjusted woman I’ve ever met in all my life.” Tony replies, voice soaked with adoration and exasperation in equal measure, “It makes it awkward when she’s off to social calls that a respectable person makes - ribbon cuttings and the like - and I’ve probably not surfaced from my lab for four days still wearing a week old shirt.” Tony pauses as though he realises what he’s said, flushing a shade of red Steve finds adorable.
Which apparently, due to you know, being a 6 foot tall wall of muscle (Clint’s words, not his), isn’t all that quiet. Tony’s head jerks up and acknowledges Steve’s presence with a grunt before returning to his holograms.
However, she would be lying if it did not intrigue her. She was a curious creature after all. She announced as much to Captain. Rogers, prodding as much as necessary (and perhaps exaggerated a little more) at the conduct of the Bartons, in keeping him away. And naturally, because it was a day ending in y, ended directly in disagreement with Captain. Rogers.
Steve wants to cry. Even now, Tony is wonderful, apologizing for Steve’s rude behavior. He stands slow, like he’s wading through treacle, and Tony stands with him. They sway slightly into each other’s space, hands brushing, and it feels like gravity giving Steve the extra nudge, the push into Tony’s magnetic field.
“Yes. Sorry, yes.” She begins moving, begins pulling things into a small satchel with shaky fingers. “I need to let Jarvis know I won’t be making it to work.”
“Fine. I won’t press for now, but you’ve used your one get out of jail card.” Steve blinks in surprise as she drops it as quick as that, and says as such.
The compassion of a friend of her father changed her destiny from an orphan to be brought up at Highbury with no advantages, connections or improvement. Colonel Coulson had always held high esteem for the late Romanov for he had saved Coulson’s life in the infantry. He sought the child out and took notice of her, bringing her up within his household to such a degree of success he undertook the whole charge of her education to be brought up for educating others.
“I definitely owe ma a new mixer that’s for sure.”
.” The word is simultaneously soft and fierce. It’s full of love, yet rage is the undercurrent. Never at Tony, he feels that against his veins, but the anger Steve feels is boundless. Tony thinks Steve would turn his back on war, would twist and wage battles under the banner of Tony Stark, die by that blade. The anger is like the maelstrom of a roiling sea, curbed only by Steve’s similarly boundless ability to love. Tony feels all this, feels Steve’s emotions mirrored in himself. There is no pity. Only understanding.
Tony looks up at him with heavy-lidded glittering eyes, “I’m angry with you over how much I love you.”
“Tony, love, please tell me your close.” Steve’s voice is wrecked with it, sweat pooling in the crook of his brow, dropping onto Tony’s skin. He wants to chase that sweat, wants to lick it out of Tony’s belly button, wants every dirty and filthy part of Tony Stark claimed as his.
He sneaks, soft and silent in the way only a child can, down through the garage and out into the darkness. He wonders whether Howard would have even stopped him if they had crossed paths, or whether he’d celebrate finally getting rid of the one burden he will not bear.
“This is true. They were all so very disappointed when she could not attend Galway with them.”
Well, he says no one, but from the way Natasha often eyeballs his hands and watches his face, he has a feeling she knows. After all, she does know everything.
(Because Antonia had been right in her observation that Maria was not of want of attending a marriage, but she was hopeful to still see one before she was
He seemed to have all the life and spirit, cheerful feelings, and social inclinations of his father, and nothing of the pride or reserve she had suspected. Of pride, perhaps, there was a little, but it seemed to be buried beneath behaving well, and so Antonia didn’t mind. She could not speak of others pride – she knew herself she had ample of that feeling.
; but neither feature, nor air, nor voce, nor manner, were elegant.
She found herself unable to speak another word – her voice lost, and she threw herself down onto the recliner, waiting in great terror till Pepper should answer.
“No of course not,” Obie agrees, easy, “but it would be very easy to drop to the media how he and his mother planned this all out. Of course, we’d have to fire her, given that she’s been involved in this crazy honey pot scheme. And perhaps Mr Rogers honourable discharge get turned into dishonourable? Who are the media going to believe, Stark Industries, or a young boy with a dishonourable discharge and pennies to his name?"
So when Tony pushes him into the kitchen where the whole group are sat round a massive spread of nachos, tortillas and fajitas sprawled across the table he doesn’t know what to do. They all look up when Steve enters, and Thor is the first to beam, a look slightly at odds with the massive black eye he is sporting – though it appears to be healing as the minutes go past.
It’s sad because at this point he’s not even trying to play a hero, he’s just too weak to be standing on the other side of the window in medical.
Steve doesn’t think that’s what Tony wanted to say, but he skims over it, let’s Tony feel across his bared skin with shaky fingers. Feels like he’s going to crawl out of his own skin when Tony undoes his fly, pulls down his trousers, leans back and kicks himself out of both the denim and his underwear until he’s naked except the dog tags that clink round his throat.
now, like he wants to crawl out of his own skin.
The pain of his continued residence in Highbury, however, must certainly be lessened by his marriage. It also helped that whatever Steven had said to him, whilst he remained utterly tight lipped on the words spoken, had obviously left an imprint. Upon meeting again, she was glad of Captain. Rogers company, taking a vicious joy in how his pallid (
He slips into a fitful sleep, one that stops and starts with him waking in cold sweats.
The penthouse suite is opulent, but for a man used to decadence at every turn it didn’t do much to soothe his frazzled nerves. The fight hadn’t been difficult, Von Doom more focused on monologuing than the upper hand, but the collateral damage had been personal. He’s glad the debris had been isolated to the top two floors, but his family and his home being threatened had him still flooded with adrenaline. And the altercation downstairs hadn’t done much to fix it.
Anyway, that’s rather large talk, considering the rumours abound of potential attachment between
It’s worth saying that Steve’s flat isn’t exactly that small. And features an indoor gym. THATS how big Tony Stark’s living room is. It’s open plan, a sprawling sunken area is the main feature of the room. Across it is decadently coloured ruby red couches, gold trim glinting off the lighting that illuminates the entire room. An open bar is the feature of one corner, a fireplace in the other, and what’s above it makes Steve gasp.
him. And maybe that's why he books into a hotel that is his in a disguise and under his mother's maiden name. He wants him with reckless abandon, and doesn't want to tip off the press, doesn't want to share him with anyone else, doesn't want the perfectly messy lines of his Steve smoothed over in cordial and superhero Captain America. At least not tonight.
Steve flinches at the sharpness in his tone, makes to leave with heavy limbs.
And if the laugh Steve barks out sounds a bit wet, broken and glorious, it’s between him and Tony’s lab group.
Tonight though, he genuinely is quite excited, even if he would rather be at home pinned against the wall by a certain six foot two wall of muscle. He’s sat huddled over the bar with a group of people that actually make him laugh for real, and he won’t say anything but he’s sure that Natasha’s glare is what’s keeping everyone else away.
The minute his arm connects with Tony’s, the man on the bed goes still.
Maria Stark shifts, sits up, looks fierce for one moment in her entire life, fixes Tony with a gaze so parental in its disbelief he has to stop from looking behind him to see if she’s pointing her gaze elsewhere. “Don’t play dumb with me, Anthony. It doesn’t suit you. You met them.”
The only sound now is skin on skin, filthy and obvious, as are the moans Tony feels punched out of him on every exhale of air. It’s lewd and loud, broken and beautiful, but it’s
“If I didn’t feel so concerned about the judgemental attitudes of my staff, I’d be leaving them a tip for starting this all off.” He says, voice slightly slurred with pure contentment. He feels Steve’s chest vibrate against his as he huffs a laugh, runs a hand through Tony’s hair, before rocking back to look into Tony’s eyes.
“I’m sorry –“ he can barely get out, before Tony is shaking his head empathically.
Disagreement follows their friendship as easily as breathing, and Steven never risks losing her good opinion for the sake of his own beliefs, or his commentary on her actions. She both loves and loathes him for it, but she’s always reminded of his kindness toward her when she, as she is wont to do, steps out of line in a way that nearly always has him as a casualty. He does so now, gracing her with a small smile, before brushing aside the pregnant awkward pause in the conversation with aplomb.
A delighted sound is rung out of Tony, somewhere between a groan and love. “Steve, you are killing me sweetheart.”
However, it cannot be overstated that his friends are anything but normal. Between them they sport a few attractive lifetime achievements not limited to; being banned from ever stepping a foot into any iHOP across the US, having their picture taken and subsequently pinned up under the “not allowed skates under any circumstances” rule at the roller rink round the corner from their Brooklyn office, and Clint had the supremely prestigious honour of being barred from Twitter for six months after getting into a war of 160 characters or less with Donald Trump.
Dakar Hospital is nothing more than a hastily assembled field hospital, but Tony steps through the curtain and steels himself.
A young lady so pale and frightened, a lady who requires such assistance, must be recovered. Questions must be answered, and surprises explained. Antonia peered over Pepper with a concerned brow, gently stroking her forehead, and she was acquainted with the summary of it in short succession.
“Indeed you did. I remember it perfectly. You mentioned it as what was certainly to be very soon. Mrs. Odinson had told somebody, extremely happy about it. It was owing to her effort, worried about him being out in thunderstorms and what harm it could cause. Surely you remember it now?”
Steven sat down not long after, making it his personal ambition to gain a seat close to Antonia’s side. His close quarters made Antonia smile, and caused Mr. Hammer’s own to slide off his face a moment, face turned wretched, before the smile was in hand once more.
“Steven, I’m so glad you made it.” Maria said with gratitude.
But he also is exceedingly reckless. He works on gut feelings and instinct rather than percentages and calculated risk. He simply laughs with a bloody, broken smile when it goes wrong and causes himself to bear the brunt (he never miscalculates with someone else’s life, his own he’s not so precious with). His loyalty binds him to stretching so thin you’d think he’d shatter just to save one more life, just to return
she mused with a smirk.
little cottage, when Mr. Murdock’s boundless Irish estate was on offer? … Unless there was another reason she could not, or would not?"
“Hello Steve,” Tony talks, and Sarah looks up sharp, watches him with questioning eyes from across the bed where she’s set up sentry by Steve’s IV line, “Your mum and I are both here. You’re okay. We’ve got you. You can rest now.”
They operated entirely word of mouth, as reputation spread so did demand, they had no need for fancy showboating when their efficient and fastidious work showed for themselves. So Steve wasn’t surprised, as such, when Stark Inc. came calling. He was flummoxed, if anything, because he wasn’t sure why a company so utterly cutting edge would require any help from outsides.
“You’ve arrived.” Steve says, pulling in to the front of Stark Tower. He sets his hazard lights on deliberately, trying to desperately convince himself his visit is temporary.
“It does seem rather drafty,” Mrs Stark interjected, and Mrs Marvel nodded in agreement, “they could catch colds worse at the Crown than anywhere.”
Antonia smiles and exchanges a glance with her mother, “Captain Rogers, it does not become you to be sarcastic,” bounces up on her heels, bounds to sit beside Steven, shoulders brushing in a way that sends an odd shot of heat up Antonia’s arm, “I do take pleasure in Clint Barton’s company, as anyone but the sourest of personalities would. But today he is out of town for the morning.”
She missed Steven’s look of happiness morph into something tighter when she heard Clint Barton call her name from the top of the house steps.
Mr. Marvel meanwhile, perfectly unsuspicious of the disbelief and jealousy he was courting, happy and cheerful as usual, and with all the right of being a principal talker. Which, a day spent anywhere from home naturally infers, was making himself agreeable and satisfying the enquiries of the room, before making himself proceed in a family communication, which though primarily addressed to Mrs. Marvel, he had not the smallest doubt of being highly interesting to everybody in the room. He handed Mrs. Marvel a letter, it was from Clint.
It’s short work to drop his name enough to count, to get Steve the best medical attention. He wraps Dakar Hospital in the oppressive fog that is Stark Industries, has Steve whisked onto a plane kitted out better than Air Force One, headed straight to the US the moment they are clear to do so, flies tens of specialists out to meet them on the landing strip. He knows the bill he’s wracking up will be counted in nails hammered into his back as he’s strung up like a sacrifice by his own father.
Tony slowly places a hand on Steve’s bare thigh, tracing featherlike circles across the bare expanse of skin, “Thanks sweetheart, you are doing so well. Can you take some deep breaths for me?” he turns so he faces Steve more, uses his other hand to gently clasp Steve’s right. He gradually brings their joined hands up to his chest, so that Steve can feel the soft inhale-exhale of his lover’s chest. “Try breathe in tandem with me, Steve.”
It’s messy, and painful, and
“To be sure – our discordancies must always arise from my being in the wrong.” Antonia said, sarcasm ever slightly colouring her tone.
Most of the time though, Steve sits and talks. He speaks of how Thor attempted to cook a meal, but ended up coming to blows with the oven when it charred the turkey to a crisp, and so instead ended up sulking and setting up a campfire on Tony’s landing platform. He talks of how Natasha and Clint spent the morning after he was injured curled up on the sofa watching old reruns of Friends, so close together you could mistake them for the same person. He even mentions how Bruce has stopped writing on the back of his hands and up his arms to calm himself down, and instead talks aloud to whoever is there.
“There! There! See how you force my argument! Men do not like girls who argue.” Antonia crowed, ignoring Steven’s guffaw, “Men like girls like Virginia. Who bewitches his senses with her beauty and satisfies him that he is always right! Were you to ever marry she would be just the woman for you.” Antonia ignores how bitter those words taste on her tongue, “And love? Why should a woman marry for love, when the world can give her so much more than that in one season?”
Steven’s face was stormy, yet when his eyes turned to her his entire demeanor softened, blurred at the edges, “Time, my dearest Antonia. Time will heal the wound.” He reached forward and curled a hand around her arm, pressed against his heart, speaking low, broken and subdued, “Abominable scoundrel! Such brazen conduct I have not seen. He will soon be gone. They will soon be in Yorkshire. I am sorry for
Why she was as thick headed as him.
They walked toward the party in quiet, “I am glad you managed to overcome the prejudice you felt towards the Cages.” Steven jested, no heat behind the words.
When satisfied on all these points and more, and their acquaintance proportionally advanced, he contrived to find an opportunity when his father and her mother were engaged with each other, before speaking to her alone.
what Greek mythology meant by ground shaking. He’s not sure if he is still stood on solid ground, can’t look away to check. Steven’s eyes are two aquamarine pools that sparkle and wink and beckon him like a siren to a watery grave. He’s helpless, takes a faltering step forward, hand trembling out like a newborn lamb.
“Glass of water would go down well.” Tony asks, leans into Steven’s hand when it brushes against his cheek. The flat is small, sparsely decorated, but it looks more lived in than any of the rooms at Stark Manor. There is life in the walls around Tony, scuff marks on the floor, signs of wear in the couch he’s perched on, that speaks of memories. He is simultaneously struck with the contentment of being completely at home, and yet a stranger. It’s enough to make him nauseous.
Bucky quietly puts Steve in touch with Sam Wilson, a counsellor working for the US Department of Veterans Affairs. Steve's a hard worker, and he gets noticed and promoted fast. He doesn't stay 'just' a former soldier with an honourable discharge for long.
Captain Rogers did not need compassion. She would choke the thoughts down, bury and smother them until a time she could privately reflect on how truly callously she had acted.
Tony thinks dreamily.
"Oh no," Tony bites, words waspish, "I think you'll be getting your manager about now." The man scuttles away, Tony's bloody boiling. Doesn't he
“Is your soulmate outside on your idling bike?” Tony bites, voice cruel. He doesn’t need this. Doesn’t need Steve
He stepped forward to the room, telling them he had been out of doors to examine, and could answer for there not being the smallest difficulty in their getting home, having gone beyond the sweep and the snow not more than half an inch deep. “Many places, even, hardly enough to whiten the ground.” He told the rapt group. He had seen the coachmen, and they both agreed with him in there being nothing to apprehend. Nevertheless, the alarm had been raised enough that no matter of appeasing it could be sought until their party was safe at home at Highbury. Thus the bell was rung, and the carriages spoke for.
“Your secret is out.” She responds, and misses the flash of panic that sieges across his face, “You dance better than anyone.”
“Anytime Tony.” Steve says back, and means it.
“Steve?” It’s Bruce and Steve almost snaps, yells at the man to get out and leave him alone. He doesn’t have it in him to talk, to dance around the fact the man who practically brought them all together and took them into his home without a second thought is lying on his death bed and it is all Steve’s fault.
“Oh please God have me mercy on my soul, has she received another
Miss. Romanov should be so reluctant to go to Galway with her
Sam eyeballs him, “What about someone who is asexual.”
at him, the look of
to take the biggest hits, because his logic is that he could not stand to see any of his teammates on an operating table. He has no ties, no family, no one he is going to leave behind heartbroken and widowed. He already played that card back in a plane trapped in ice. Sure the public might mourn him, but in the way that he’d be a common news segment and a “oh that’s such a shame” passing comment.
He doesn’t speak to his wife, a trembling young thing, as he leaves the room. Stark men are cold and made of iron, and this one that is warm and flushed will not do.
“Gimme a minute –“ he slurs, and Tony vibrates deliciously with a laugh underneath him.
“You will do as I say.” Howard roars, but Tony couldn’t care less. He turns towards the door just in time for it to open, to swing wide. Steve’s shoulders block out the light from the hall, heaving with exertion, eyes wild. Tony steps toward him on autopilot, moves into his orbit without a second thought, tracks the scarring on his neck, the shadow of a bruise on his cheek. Walking wounded, they are all just walking wounded. Steve doesn’t look toward anyone else, gaze only for Tony.
Mr Marvel talked in circles, Antonia believing that she must wait until Mrs Marvel could make more sense of what Mr Marvel talked around.
him impossibly closer like he wants Tony under his skin. The kiss shifts, makes Tony’s knees weak. The lust between them is fed back and forward and amplified. Tony is insinuating a leg between Steve’s that rips a groan from Steve’s mouth, Steve is tugging at Tony’s hair to gain better access at Tony’s neck, mouthing the skin there in a way that has Tony’s eyes rolling back into his skull.
“So, what next?” Tony answers instead, not taking the conversation to where he’s sure it could end up. Steve has brief visions of Tony crawling over the gearstick and landing in his lap like he belongs there. Of steamed windows and wandering hands. He directs a quick bout of annoyance at Sam murmuring away in the back.
can speak Chinese?”
Clint colours something fierce, making Steve smother a chuckle into his coffee cup, “Well, I think yours has gotten worse since Nat decided to show you mercy so don’t know what that says about you, metalhead.”
, is all Steve can think.
Without thinking he reaches out, grabs hold of her hand with small, grubby fingers. Her mouth flutters round a smile like she’s forgotten what it feels like, before holding tight enough to break bone.
“Steve we’re too far to parachute down.” Natasha’s voice comes from the front, where she’s co-piloting alongside Clint, and Steve laughs.
“Yes.” Said he – smile affixed to his face that gave Antonia so much pleasure she felt heady on it – “and for good reason. I was six years old when you were born.”
Tony is helpless to do anything but nod, not sure what he’s agreeing to, but nodding like a puppet on string, “I knew you were big but
“Oh my dears, sir, how are you this morning? My dear Miss Stark – I come bearing my thanks. What a beautiful leg of pork – you are too kind.” And without pausing to take breath, she continued to steam on through a sentence that Antonia heard in horror, “Have you heard the news? Mr. Hammer is going to be married.”
Everybody in and about Highbury who had ever visited Mr. Hammer, was disposed to pay attention on his marriage. Dinner party and evening party invitations flowed in, much to Mrs. Hammer’s enjoyment.
Tony laughs, head tilted back, and Steve’s heart squeezes.
Tony’s eyes open drowsily, as though he’s just awoken from a nap, and it takes a minute before they focus. The ache to touch, to reach out, Steve finds near unbearable. When they do, they dart around madly until they settle on Steve. Tony’s mouth opens and closes, as though he’s trying to find the words but can’t, and Tony appears more and more agitated as the words refuse to come.
“Then she is more of a fool than I thought her. What foolishness from the girl!”
"Tony," he says softly, in the tone of someone who has had this conversation a million times before, "I know. You'd make a good prostitute."
He still doesn’t get the world today sometimes.
“Say nothing,” Steve hissed with little rancour and Antonia could not cease the smug grin painted across her face, “This does not prove you as a matchmaker, but simply that you made a lucky guess.”
“Are you warm enough, Miss Stark? Allow me to fetch you a drink.” Mr. Hammer rushes to stand, and in doing so catches the side of the tablecloth in his hands, nearly upsetting the display the Marvels have set out.
Tony’s vaguely aware, somewhere in his subconscious, that this is the part he’s supposed to say something, but he’s for once absolutely silent. The words won’t form against his lips, mouth betraying him at the one time he wished it wouldn’t. He’s suddenly overwhelmingly conscious that he stands before the gorgeously put together Steve in a well worn T-shirt, jeans with more holes than is necessary, and hair long past needing a shower. Insecurities, ones he’d long thought he’d put to bed, rear their head with barbed wire laughter and ugly disbelief. Even now with the gorgeous words Steve had just uttered, with the ring still beckoning, it doesn’t compute. He’d known, of course he’d known, that Steve loved him. It was one of those irrefutable truths. The sky is blue. Don’t drink coffee from the communal student lounge. Don’t trust Bucky on days that end with a y. Tony loves Steve. Steve loves Tony. He’d just always assumed that the love Steve felt was enough to be with him and no more. An ugly thought that Steve liked the excuse DADT had granted him, had liked the anonymity of his choice it had afforded him, had even burrowed against skin and taken root.
“Natasha is so very accomplished, there is nothing she cannot do. Do you know only last week she played the pianoforte to a room of the Colonel’s most esteemed guests, and they were all so very impressed. Have I told you her skill at the pianoforte Mrs Stark?”
reserved. Is she not?”
Tony’s silent a moment before he cracks up, bursting into long streams of laughter so hysterical he can’t stop for a good five minutes. There are tears tracking down his face before he gulps in air, and wheezes “Show your work.”
Tony stops his hands, quick and fast, and Steve freezes, hoping to god he hasn’t read this all wrong.
“You’ve left us no choice, we’ve been sitting on this A+ material for months.” Clint argues, and like that it feels easy, like they’ve done this for years. The group falls into easy conversation and Steve looks at Tony trying to hide his wonder. And his wish that this was real.
Jarvis entered the room presently, “A Captain. Rogers for you, Mrs. Stark.” And with a swift bow, the object of these bizarre thoughts percolating in Antonia’s brain came presently into the room. Antonia was helpless to do much more than stare, even as she kicked herself internally from doing such an obvious thing.
In this walk the group changed again, Antonia found all the others assembled in groups of no more than three, and she immediately perceived Captain Rogers and Pepper distinct from the rest, quietly leading the way. Captain Rogers and Pepper! An odd tete-a-tete; but she was glad to see it, pleasant conversation between two good friends. She joined them at the wall, and found them more engaged in talking than in looking around.
“Ah, no, please – I can manage it myself.”
“Oh blegh stop that’s enough.” Clint protests, “I’m Clint by the way. Head of Technical Identity Security. But also this here Abercrombie model’s best friend.” Clint says, moving over toward Steve and throwing an arm round him.
“Oh fuck yes.” Tony growls, and that’s all it takes for Steve to take Tony’s length deep into his throat.
“You could never fool me with much success Antonia.” Maria just smiles, a benevolent one that hides a multitude of overindulgence Antonia has been lucky to be at the receiving end of all her life. “But if it required a visit from Steven I cannot imagine it to be for nothing, so I suppose I am glad my daughter has such a fierce protector and leave it there.”
Captain Rogers called before too long, and sat for some time in thick conversation with Mrs. Stark, before she made her excuses and readied herself for a turn about the garden.
Now, it so happened that despite Antonia’s resolution of never marrying, there had always been something in the name, in the idea of Mr. Clint Barton, which always interested her. She had frequently thought that if she
“Have you ever been?”
“Jarvis? He’ll be on his way back from his walk with Ana.” Tony replies, “let me show you.”
“You are nearly pacing a hole in the floor my friend.” Thor’s voice, for once, is quiet as he comes to stand beside Steve. They are in the medical bay of S.H.I.E.L.D’s base, and it’s been two hours since Steve let go of Tony’s shoulder, surprised to note he’d left finger grooves in the metal. He turns to Thor, and he’s shocked by how tired the man looks. Thor has always seemed infallible, unstoppable, but the man in front of him looks shattered and broken. His hair hangs limp and greasy round his shoulders and his eyes are sunken, a nasty looking scratch across his face only just now beginning to stitch itself back together.
It’s an unbearably fond thought, one perhaps not appropriate for roleplays and the way his breath hitches as Steve finally, mercifully, breaches him and pushes inside. He looks up at his better half and pushes a lock of sweaty hair that’s fallen forward into his eyes. Steve’s eyes are molten, thick with longing and answered love. Steve reaches up with one hand (because he’s this
The word brother was heavily stressed, oddly so. And what was even more odd was Antonia’s reaction that followed, her brain so vehemently denying and throwing away the notion that Steven was anything like a brother, to the point she felt sick.
The silence in the tower is deafening, so much so that Steve spends over an hour in the shower, letting the water thunder over his back until he’s numb and he can’t even feel the water needling his back, just so he doesn’t have to pace around the empty house. He misses Tony, so badly his heart aches and it’s like he’s forgotten how to breathe, how to function without Tony around to keep him steady and to keep him sane.
“And make her like myself?”
“This gentleman,” Steven interrupts, “Likes to visit a place as and when he pleases, as well as leave it when he wishes without sending for horses a day in advance before he goes forth into the cold air. He likes to be able to do as he pleases, without having to pander or cause issues to those who work for him by asking them to rush their arrival, or departure.”
and as such, her arms trembled with it. Antonia caught her eyes and grinned, excitedly, for the compliments Mr. Hammer had just bestowed.
“Oooh Buck, you might’ve met your match.” Sam crows, earning a mozzarella dipper to the face.
Maria’s voice is light, airy, penetrates the thick fog of anger in the room, “Let’s get the main course out, shall we?” She stands up, calls Jarvis with a bell, and in doing so brushes up against Tony’s sleeve, whispers into his ear, “Anthony, don’t be foolish. Take a breath and
“Hey.” Steve says again, struck dumb to say anything else.
No longer were the words spoken than he had deflated, eyes heavy, and done just that. It was a mark of how truly shattered he must have been, how he must not have even stopped at Donwell to shed his outerclothes before coming to Hartfield. A wave of tenderness threatened to overwhelm Antonia right where she stood as she thought of how he must have been so worried as to what they thought about whether he’d return that he’d rushed to them with no regard for his health.
she would probably require Pepper to stop her from saying something cutting.
But when Bucky comes back (and man is that a clusterfuck) Steve changes. When they find him on the shore, battered and bruised beyond what Tony has ever seen, he doesn’t wake up smiling. He wakes up twisted and cynical and angry. Tony
Mrs. Marvel said no more; face turning stormy, and Antonia could well imagine with what surprise she must be returning to her seat. This was the once amiable, obliging, gentle Mr. Hammer. She looked round for a moment; he had arranged himself not too far from Captain. Rogers, and was arranging himself for settled conversation. He whispered to his wife, and her cackles of high glee could not be smothered long, her stares toward the lone figure of Miss Potts mortifyingly obvious.
thunders through his veins like a galloping stallion and how can anyone
“Well, Miss Stark!” cried Pepper, coming eagerly into the room – “this makes for some odd news today.”
rubbing his face in the fact that no one could want Tony back.
“Of all the horrid things, leave-taking is the worst.”
“Not at all.”
“Steve,” Tony breathes from his place on the bed, where he reaches out with both hands so Steve is helpless but to fall into them, “you are so beautiful.” And Steve can taste the truth of those words in his throat, is helpless to do anything but punch out a groan when Tony leans forward and kisses at the broken skin with the reverence of someone at altar.
Clint Barton arrived not soon after with the Randalls party, appearing to be on the watch, and though he did not say much aside the pleasantries of arriving to Highbury once more, his eyes declared that he meant to have a delightful evening. They all walked about together, for Steven to show them everything was as it should be (not that Antonia ever had any doubt, for Steven was a man of resoluteness once a decision was decided). Within no time at all they were joined by the contents of another carriage, and then another carriage.
Pepper’s face was flush now, and this conversation so dreadfully awkward and sinking a knife into Antonia’s breast the further it continued. But she had to continue, she must
“Quiet you.” Steve says, but there’s no heat to it, just a lazy grin that has Tony’s teeth clashing with his as he licks the words out Steve’s mouth. It’s fond and stupid and
He stopped for a moment, and the expression in his eyes near overpowered her.
"Excuse me," a rich baritone rumbles from above Steve's head, where he's still sat staring at the iPhone in a complete daze. Steve looks up and Tony Stark is stood with an amused smile infusing his face, "But I can't help but notice that that is my face on your screen. You'd only have to ask and I can take a photo with you, I'm not shy."
It is a photo of them, one Steve took without Tony’s knowledge, Steve’s grinning wide at the camera, and Tony is just staring at Steve’s profile like he can’t believe he exists.
“I have been well,
So wait, let’s rewind. There is a bit more to it than that. Of all the names Steve could have plucked out of thin air for his idiotic rebuttal, there is a reason it happens to be one of the most
Spot the shameless Darcy hand flex homage because if I can get in a P&P reference moment to showcase the sheer *what the fuck* Steve about how hopeless he is for Antonia you best believe I'm getting it in.
“Well that is very generous of you!” Mr. Hammer crows, smile huge and full of teeth.
would never own that he had.
Previous to this day, such a journey would not have been awkward but in fact a pleasure, and they could have spent the mile in the carriage speaking of Virginia. But now, she hated every second. He had drunk too much of Mr. Marvel’s good wine, and proceeded to talk nonsense. She immediately prepared a calm conversation about the weather and about the night; but before she could scarcely speak he interrupted her, seized her hand.
He moves to leave, and Steve feels something slipping through his fingers. He can’t do anything but hold on firm.
“Why isn’t this in a well ventilated protective frame?” Tony blinks, and Steve tries to school his tone, “sorry, why is this not in a well ventilated frame?”
“Antonia.” Steve bowed his head, and Antonia’s heart skipped at the sight of a golden cowslick at the nape of his neck, “I have a piece of news for you. You like news – and I heard an article in my way that I think will interest you.”
He gets his mouth of Tony’s for a quick second, desperately trying to ignore the choked off moan he’s given in return. “Bedroom.” A dark rumble he takes a moment to realise
with emotion in her answer, “Ah, it satisfied my need to travel mother. I don’t think we will be repeating it again.”
"Mr Stark," Alexander rushes in, face the shade of uncomfortable puce, "I can only apologise for the misunderstanding."
Heading back to the table, he sees the group in thick conversation, Tony leading the charge, and is hit with how this could really become his life. This could
. He can’t feel the rich undercurrent of Steve’s affection he’s come to see as his own. It’s abstract, never consistent with feeling, but always present. He feels it’s absence like a missing limb, and with mounting terror he realises something is very, very wrong.
Time did not compose her. As she reflected more, she seemed but to feel it more.
“It is fucking perfect.” Tony can barely speak through tears, and he folds himself into Steve’s arms like he has never left.
i can't believe i've finished this. i promised you an ending so long ago, and thanks to those who enjoyed it half baked and stuck around in hopes i'd get there.
“No –“ Antonia laughed in response, “but I am sure there may be some opposition to his returning. Such language for a man entirely dependent on his aunt and uncle to use! Nobody but you, o’ decorated Captain and natural leader, would imagine it possible. Nobody but you could use such language and still remain in favour. You could charm the birds out of trees.”
Howard continues like Tony hasn’t spoken, “you have defied me. You have lied to me. You are not worthy of the Stark name.” His voice is shaking, and Tony reaches out to Steve to grab a hold of him like a chokehold. “You will leave this house only to finish your degree, and then you will be coming back to work for Stark Industries. You will publicly date who I require you to. You will associate with those I tell you to. You will not see this - this
Pepper smiled wide and grateful. Antonia was very decided in thinking such an attachment will be good for her friend.
“If they are anything like what I was as a little girl then the salary is probably not generous enough.” Antonia says self-deprecatingly.
“I cannot make speeches, Antonia.” He gasped out, tenderness warming his tone, “If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more.”
“I wish him well, even with not that high an opinion of him as I now hold. He may yet turn out decent, for he is young, and forced into a situation beyond his control. He is a most fortunate man!” Steven started, with such energy, “Everything he touches favours his hand. He meets with a young woman, gains her affection, cannot even taint it with negligent treatment. Even had his family sought around the world they could not have found her superior. His grandmother is in the way – his grandmother dies. He has only to speak and his friends promote his happiness. He has used
Howard watches him with puzzled, furious eyes every time. He won’t find a fault there, Tony makes sure of it.
This only serves for Liam to double down on his idiocy and say quietly, "It's a New York January." Referring to the bitter chill outside. And really, Tony wasn't a complete idiot. He was aware it was bitterly brisk outside, that's why he'd ushered Steve in so quickly to the foyer in the first place, trying to shake the distraction of Steve's nipples pebbled against the silk of his shirt.
“I am ready sir!” Antonia shouts, tone giddy, and she has never felt so wonderful as she does at this precise moment.
Antonia peers out the window to the gardens of Hartfield. Steven’s cousin was running amongst the hedgerows chasing a giggling Miss Ross. Bruce caught her around the waist and smiled down at her, a sight rarely seen from the overwhelmingly quiet man.
“I have been on the bike all night.” Steve says, and despite the fact his skin looks waxy, hair limpid and eyes sullen, Tony still loves how he looks in bike leathers.
Mrs. Stark was so set on the visit to Randall’s that despite the increasing coldness, she would not shirk it, and set forward the next evening with punctuality not seen before in her. Elizabeth set forth with Maria in the first carriage, the cold severe but the duo too well wrapped up to feel it. By the time the second carriage was in motion a few flakes of snow were finding their way down, and Antonia stared out the carriage window to find herself glad indeed that she had furs and rugs across her to imbue her with warmth.
Tony thinks, for a short moment, of the pathetic kisses he’d exchanged with Ty Stone. Teenagers who don’t know any better slobbering all over each other in an attempt to race to maturity, in proof of shaking off adolescence. Ty had always wanted to take it further, wanted to push it, and there had been times Tony was tempted. To let Ty fuck into him as a giant fuck you to fate. But he could never go through with it, the mark on his chest a reminder that someone out there loved him enough to reach through the stars and claim him.
It’s cold and crisp, the fresh air burns Tony’s lungs and makes his eyes water. He’s not sure how long he walks until he comes to the front gate of his fathers property. He stares up at the wrought-iron gates that mock him with their height and immovability, and he ferociously wishes he could fly, could soar above until Howard was nothing but a speck on his vision.
“You look absolutely gorgeous, are you sure we can’t stop for a quickie?” he says with a leer and grins when he gets the desired result in a throaty laugh from the super soldier.
“You’ve set this up as well as any first rate host! Don’t think I will not remember this for future, dearest Steven. You can not escape from me!”
The ball proceeded presently. Everybody seemed overjoyed; the praise of a delightful ball heaped onto Steven’s figure with abandon, who shrugged them off with an easy grin that twisted Antonia’s gut. He’d look upon her often, seriousness banished from his face for more gentle and kind eyes, and Antonia knew she probably looked a state. Face flush, strands of hair falling out its elegantly coiffed rolls that Pepper had spent hours on, chest heaving with the exertion of not excusing herself from one dance the entire evening. But she practically vibrated with excitement, and could not bring herself to pay the matter any mind. It passed as such for a while more, and before she could blink the last two dances before supper had begun, and Pepper had no partner – the only young lady sitting down – and how anyone could be disengaged was the wonder considering how brimming the dance floor was.
“Interesting that the bewitching penis has the strongest odds.” Tony muses, straight face, and Steve coughs.
A few more minutes to bear, and Antonia hoped to see the blasted most troublesome companion deposited in his own house, to get sober and cool.
“Now… who next.” She mutters, mostly to herself, far too delighted with herself to note a worried look from her companion.
“How do you
“Me!” she replied with a smile of astonishment, “What a bizarre thing to say. Are you imagining me to be Mr. Hammer’s object?”
Tony shakes his head, “Sorry, sorry. That wasn’t fair of me. Of course you are free to leave, you don’t owe me anything.”
“Sorry, sorry.” Tony slurs, “but if you continued this was going to be finished all too fast. Jesus
“You ridiculous, silly thing.” Steve says, eyes blue and bright, “I’m going to marry you, if you’ll let me. I want to be there when you change the world. I want to live with you and love with you and everything between. And if -“ he stops, “if you need that to stay between us, if you need for this to be just for us, I can do that too. I’ll wait however long you need me to.”
“If your inclination for dancing has not been frightened away, by the terror of too small a room, I bring a new proposal on the subject. May I hope for the honour of your hand for the first two dances of this little projected ball, to be given, not here, but at the Crown Inn?”
Sam scoffs, “Not nothing, Steve. The fact the guy you are seeing doesn’t want to be seen with you in public is not
“I won’t dance in a small space and risk my dancing looking poor!” Antonia joked, “then I will certainly be no better than Miss Romanov.”
“He told me all about it; that Natasha and Clint Barton are to be married, and that they have been privately engaged to one another this whole time. How very odd.”
Steve’s grin turns filthy and sharp, and he takes Tony’s hand still trapped in his, and pulls it above Tony’s head. He gestures for Tony’s other hand, which shortly follows, and it’s no time at all before Steve has both of Tony’s wrists caught in one hand (because Tony didn’t have a size kink before Steve, but it turned out being made to feel small and fragile whilst being pounded into oblivion made that move along pretty quick).
“By all means, if you can. She must be very lively.”
Steve traces a shaky finger across the US ARMY script across the sweater against Tony’s chest. The touch is more intimate than anything Tony’s ever felt, says more in Steve’s movements than a declaration would. “I - I really wanna kiss you.” Steve says stupidly, like a man at a confessional, like it’s the only sin worth recounting. The only one he’ll ever utter aloud. Underneath it is a question, underneath it is an out, beautifully laid bare ready for Tony to pick up if he needs it. He’s so used to his equilibrium being shattered by touch first-ask later, or a fist in his face without warning, that he’s left powerless to speak for a minute. He’s so used to his consent being stripped from him, and yet he can feel in his bones this man would give him the key to his own heart if he could. He would let Tony ruin him, if it’s what Tony wanted.
And it’s just like Tony to dress up his words, to hide a confession so earth-shattering behind quick wit and smart language. Here, it says, take what I tell you, but only if you can decipher what I mean behind cock-sure arrogance meant to protect it.
He comes home to the smell of pancakes and crispy bacon, to Steve humming as he swings round the kitchen in nothing but an apron that sends a new jolt of lust down Tony’s spine. Steve does another spin, and catches Tony staring with a smirk.
“Steve, oh my god, Steve.” Tony huffs from above him, but Steve’s focused now on the task at hand. He’s always been detail oriented, always been able to give laser like focus to whatever demands it. And right now the task is making Tony fall apart, so Steve looks up and watches Tony for every sign. When he plays with the head of Tony’s cock before swallowing down he notices Tony’s hands clutch the sheets. When he slips another finger into Tony and stretches before crooking his fingers just so he hears Tony gasp. He follows every hint and sign of pleasure Tony feeds him, chases every echo of arousal that threads through him until they are both mindless with sensation.
Miss Hill gestures for Antonia to sit in the crowded little room, and she collapses into a nearby chair, Miss Hill in front of her. The room is silent for a moment, awkward in a way Antonia has never felt before in Miss Hill’s presence, and she blurts out, “I brought a basket of the picnic fare.”
Maria goes shopping on Rodeo Drive, later, brings back a small envelope nestled amongst the Chanel. The only word on the front is
“Well.” A voice breaks through the haze, huffing a laugh. Steven yanks his gaze away, and it’s like dawn, like a dam breaking. Suddenly Tony’s aware they are stood together, not even a foot apart, breathing heavy around the mess of an industrial food mixer in bits across the marble floor.
Antonia’s saved from answering, saved from trying to defend an action, which does indeed seem indefensible, by Jarvis bringing in her messages with a bow and a grin. The arrival of the very invitation she had been ready to spurn.
Nat surfaces first, “Nah, we’ll get a cab.” She locks eyes with Steve, who has an arm round a sleepy Tony, “Take care boys.”
“What’s this!” asked Mr. Marvel, “about Mr. Odinson and a carriage? Is Odinson going to set one up, Clint. You had it from himself, did you?”
“How fares your health, Miss Romanov,” he continued, commandingly and before Miss Hill could get a word in before him, “I did think on you last night and hope no cold was caught after your brush with bad health.”
ntonia Stark, pretty, clever, and rich, with a comfortable home and a happy disposition, was incredibly fortunate to live an incredibly comfortable life; and had lived nearly twenty-one years in the world with very little to distress or vex her.
The little window lets in a small modicum of light, enough so that Antonia is aware of the way Miss Hill looks round the room instead of at her in hopes that Antonia doesn’t see the tears trembling in her eyes, but it remains dark enough that Antonia can pretend she doesn’t see them.
However, it is Steve who pushes Natasha out the way and gets thrown into a wall in her place. The bricks shake and what was probably an already weak structure trembles and falls, crushing Steve under it. Steve has a moment to laugh, the sound echoing and relaying around the comm before going silent.
) and never proved matchmaker. Antonia loved her for it, loved her for the lack of desperation that seemed to cling to other women’s petticoats in a stench that lingered on beyond their attendance. She moved the conversation now, without lingering on the perhaps odd comment of Mr. Barton, on to enquiries of his journey, the sad evils of two nights on the road, genuine delight that he’d escaped a cold.
Tony looks up at the disturbance, and stops breathing.
His dancing, of course, proved to be exactly what she thought it to be, extremely good. She was almost wont to call Pepper lucky, if not for the cruel state of things before. She caught the edges of Miss Hill’s enthused conversation in snippets as she danced across the room.
“And – oh for
“Have you got yourself into yet more trouble, my dear Antonia?” Steven asks, and Antonia can’t help the rush of giddy heat at being named so affectionately by the Captain.
Making their way back from Mrs. May’s to Hartfield, Virginia in tow, it was then that they proceeded in a heated discussion over Goethe’s book the Sorrows of Young Werther. It was an unfair discussion, really, as Antonia nearly had that novel memorized whilst Virginia had only been introduced to it in the recent months.
, he let out a quick and violent sob and gave thanks to a god he didn’t believe in.
“I won’t.” He says. He hears Maria gasp in the background, and he’d spare a moment to roll his eyes against the drama of it all but all he can feel is Steve rolling in like thunder, can taste his panic like ash in his mouth.
“Yeah well, I’m the queen of self-destructive behaviour, can’t have you stealing my spotlight.” He grins, and Steve doesn’t comment on how that smile seems forced, because they both need this right now, the humour, as Steve sits wrapped up in gauze and bandages and temporarily blind in one eye.
“Do you want to go back to sleep?” Tony asks him softly, and Steve shakes his head in response. He feels
“Elizabeth adores adventure, and I am afraid I am nothing in the face of my wife’s excitement.” Bruce smiled, an entire one that lit his whole face, painting every inch of love on it for the world to see, and Antonia’s chest squeezed with the sight of it. Suddenly she felt herself longing for someone who felt the same way about
“Now, Miss. Stark. The beginning of the painting I see before me indicates previous practice, honing of your enormous talent.” Mr. Hammer came close to Antonia’s painting, index finger curving across the picture without quite touching it.
“My dear, I do apologise.” Maria intoned gravely, only the quirk of her mouth betraying her, “I am afraid I am sometimes so very fanciful and troublesome.”
“Real.” He says, clear and sure. It wraps around Tony’s heart, holds him close, “I didn’t think I would meet you. Or - if I did - I didn’t think I’d put it together. There are marks who don’t know, who don’t notice, for weeks or months after they’ve met. Most don’t have such a - such a reaction.”
“Tony, please.”
Before she could finish her introductions the parlour door opened with a screech, stopping all conversation dead. Mr Hammer entering with a flourish.
“So, Anthony.” Howard begins, always slurring, always harsh. Maria is sat close enough to Tony he can see how hard she is holding onto her cutlery, knuckles white. He feels foreboding seep into his skin, thinks about how he left Steve, sleepy and smiling, finally well and rested chatting up a storm to his mother in the kitchens, for this. He looks at Obie, now, from across the table. He’s sweating, but his smile is smug. He feels dread creep into his stomach, feels Steve stirring at the sadness Tony must be feeding back to him. “I hear you’ve been hiding something from me. Or better -
She was satisfied with the knowledge that he found Pepper, with her shock of red hair and deep cherry lips, astonishingly beautiful. And he was a very pleasing young man, with looks most women would not object to. She knew he was thought of being very handsome by most, though not by her. There was a genteelness where Antonia preferred steel. Preferred broad shoulders tapered to slim waists. Roguish looks framed by corn-spun blonde hair.
“Oh, yes, we do to be sure.” His father, cried “Mrs. Hill –  we passed them on the journey here. She stood at the window. I remember you knew her at a younger age also, and a fine girl she is. Please do call upon her.”
“Hello, Maria.” He squeaks out.
“Well, my darling.” Maria Stark chimes in, voice so clear it peels through any response Antonia might have been about to utter, “I think this is the perfect time to accept and begin the acquaintance anew. Yet, my bones are too weary for a late night sojourn – you know I prefer to host my parties than attend them. No, no, my darling, you attend in my stead, please, as they are so desirous for your company. Captain Rogers will attend you, to take care of you.”
“You are a
Steve pulls back, eyes watery and impossibly fond, “Truly?” he says, quiet and just for them. Tony can hear clapping and shocked laughter from behind him, but he doesn’t care, his eyes and arms are full with the man he loves. The man he gets to love forever, loudly and proudly for all to see.
are you playing at?” Despite the voice normalizer, Steve can hear the fury, and he barks out a laugh.
that beat across her breast at his words, dismissing them quickly, “Oh no, Hartfield is quite enough for me. Think how much you would have to scold me if I was mistress of
“You okay?” Steve can’t help but ask, inwardly cursing. Even now, as intimately connected as two people can be, his inexperience betrays him.
Tony looks up at him with stars in his eyes, “You. You are gorgeous.”
“How fortunate we are, that we are gifted with being alone. This makes what I want to say so much easier, for your undivided attention. Miss Stark,” he accompanied this with a sinking of his knee to the centre of the carriage, “make me the happiest man in the world. I adore you! Of course this will not be a surprise. I will die if you refuse me!”
“Steve! Tony’s said he can build us a slip n’ slide staircase in the office like we’d always wanted!” Bucky shouts excitedly, and Steve catches Tony’s eye - cheekily grinning back at him.
Antonia was surprised her gown was not aflame for the heated anger and disappointment of Miss Romanov’s gaze upon her.
He holds Steve even tighter, nestled amongst the heart rate monitors and numerous IVs, afterwards.
“What on earth is that supposed to mean!”
A man who sees his errors whenever Steve takes a rebar to the chest because his armour wasn’t strong enough or when Clint doesn’t manage to arrest his fall because his arrows weren’t quick enough or even when Natasha’s martial arts movements don’t protect her because her suit wasn’t loose enough.
“Ah why did we wait to host! We should have just demanded everyone attend at once, in order to seize the moment we had. If I can come again, we must have our ball. Do not forget your engagement.”
Steven Rogers was eccentric, for the youth of him. Despite having more than enough finance to hold his own horse and carriage, he refused to do so. Horse in hand, his cheeks were flush, hair askew and mud splattered the top of his boots. He was rumpled, not even close to the picture of a put together gentlemen.
And the admission, the question, floors Steve. It unmans him and leaves him destroyed. He was too busy hurting to realize that Tony was hurting too, carved out in the face of Steve’s silence. He rises up, letting the blanket fall a little, pushes himself out of his sweat-soaked sheets and stands on shaky legs. And he misses the way Tony’s eyes grow wide, misses him bite his top lip, leaving it flush.
So! I am just as shocked as you are - that this is it. This is the ending to something I started over 5 years ago with high expectations that had me dead in the water. I read this back, and I'm not even sure I like it half the time. But I like being able to see how I've evolved as a writer.
Mr. Hammer retreated to the card-room, looking all the more foolish. Antonia was spitefully glad, and even made sure to stare down the heated looks of Mrs. Hammer, who was more vocal in her displeasure.
For days, Steve does nothing but sit vigil beside Tony’s bed, everytime he opens his eyes Steve is there with hollow and sunken eyes ready to translate his every agitated half sentence. He shakes off the others, who at first try to get him to sleep, but end up just smuggling in high protein food and energy bars. They know of the determination of their Captain, they’ve seen it first hand, and it would take much more than a demigod, the Hulk and a couple of master assassins to move him from his position.
“You and Miss Potts, and Miss Romanov, will be three. Miss Rambeau and Miss Jones five.” Had been repeated many times over as they plotted the number of couples that would need the space, “And there will be the two Pyms, young Parker, my father, and myself, beside Captain Rogers. Yes that will be quite enough for pleasure.
