“I guess I shouldn’t be surprised to see you,” Dean says. “This is, what, your third senior week? Can’t break the tradition, huh?”
“I can
What the hell? Cas definitely didn’t come back to the apartment, so where else would he be?
“Like, a nickname,” Castiel says with wide eyes, phrasing it almost like a question.
“Yeah,
“Yeah, he hasn’t come out of his cave in like three days. I’ve been worried about him.” Sam watches Castiel tap at the tank for a moment before turning to Dean, suddenly looking suspicious.
They’re just laying out all the pieces, flipping them all to be right side up, when Dean’s phone starting vibrating from somewhere in the couch. Dean shuffles over on his knees and digs through the threadbare cushions until he finally finds it, and he flicks open the call just before it goes to voicemail.
Dean raises his eyebrows with a chuckle. “You sound pretty familiar there, Cas.”
“Gross, dude,” Dean ribs. “He’s in room one.”
“I don’t feel so good,” Cas states the obvious. Dean looks at the clock, which glows 4:13, and he notes several empty water glasses cluttering the nightstand around it.
“What’s in here?” Castiel asks, and moves across the room to bend down and peer into Sam’s fish tank.
When he looks up from the carpet it’s to find Sam standing only feet from him in the hallway, evidently eavesdropping. It’s obvious he heard the entire conversation, because the kid’s expression is absolutely elated, grinning from ear to ear.
“We’re going -
The ride lets off the current load of people, and they shuffle forward inch by inch. They wait another round but are first in line for the next one, the four of them chatting while Vic and Bela contribute to conversation every once in a while.
“‘Night,” Sam says, voice muffled by a huge yawn, and as he pulls the door mostly shut behind himself, Dean hears, “College boy.”
“Alright,” Bobby says with a nod. “I’ll find some tape for you and meet you back there, okay?”
Pushing at Cas’s hips, Dean crowds in close, herding him backwards towards the bed. When Cas’s heels hit the mattress, he drops down onto it and pulls Dean along with two handfuls of his t-shirt. Dean takes a second to breathe while Cas shuffles backwards up the bed, but then follows.
“Huh?”
Alastair hooks his chin onto Dean’s shoulder, brings to blade closer to his face.
“I’m not cheating,” he disputes.
“Grab all the snacks you can find in the cabinet,” Dean says with a point.
Fingers stilling, Cas pulls back at that to stare up at Dean’s face. His eyes are wide and Dean sees his throat bob as he swallows and Dean has just enough time to start feeling embarrassed before Cas stutters -
“Yes we will, Andy’s not coming. So there’s six of us, we’ll fit.”
“Hey, don’t eat all of them,” Cas complains as Sam pats the sand covering him so it’s flat.
For the better part of the next hour they drive with the water somewhere through the trees to their left - every once in a while a spidery finger of an estuary makes its way to the road and they’ll catch glimpses of it, but no more than that.
Cas nods. They stop in Dean’s room briefly to change into pajamas and then make their way back to the living room, their footsteps soft and muffled on the carpet.
He changes out of his pajamas quickly, tugging on a pair of jeans and a fresh shirt, and crosses to the bathroom to brush his teeth. After a glance in the mirror, he drags his fingers through his hair a few times to try and flatten it, but doesn’t take more time than that on it before heading back down the hall.
“Because I’m awesome.”
Sam sighs. “We’re just wading in. It’s not deep, I promise.”
“Yeah,” Dean croaks with a nod.
“Let me,” Cas says again, and when he glances up to check for permission, Dean swallows and nods.
Cas’s fingers pause in his hair, just for a second. “You hated it?”
“Dean,” she says, and his stomach tightens inexplicably when her searching gaze falls on him. “Is everything alright, sweetheart?”
“What?” Dean turns to look at him. “They’d find you?”
“Where’d you find him?”
“What are you guys doin’?”
Dean and Jo have known each other since she was in pigtails and he still thought girls had cooties, so she knows all about the joys of a pissed off John Winchester. John and Jo’s dad, Bill Harvelle, had been friends the first time they’d lived here - when John still worked on cars and Bill was running their family bar. But then there was the accident, and Dean’s mom had died, and John had taken him and Sammy and had fallen off the map. When they came back, it was to find out that Bill had died not long after they’d left, while hunting with some buddies in West Virginia. The Harvelles still had the Roadhouse, but Ellen had volunteered to help manage the Bunker as well.
“I’m not too high.”
He drives to Bobby’s.
“All those years ago,” Dean continues, swallowing past the lump in his throat. His voice sticks. “The accident, you - you were there, you p-pulled me out of the water. It was you, this whole time.”
“Yeah,” his voice cracks a little and he clears his throat. “Yeah, you can stay with me. We have a couple of empty rooms. My dad just can’t know you’re staying in one.”
“So what are you doing, now that you’ve graduated?” John asks.
Slowly, Dean lets go of Sam’s wrist.
What the hell.
“Hello, Dean.”
He stands uselessly in the quiet lobby while the lights buzz overhead, too bright. Absently, he wonders if the drunk tank is busy tonight. Thursday, but pretty late in the summer so it’s hard to say. He taps his thumb against his thigh to keep from jamming it between his ribs, his eyes burning from lack of sleep. His jeans are dirty and he’s still in his sleep shirt.
Dean’s eyes start to feel heavy, though, and while he tries to fight it a few times, eventually he drifts off, curled up tight on the armchair. He’s vaguely aware of the sounds of the movie as he sleeps, and he thinks he might hear Sam and Cas talking a few times, but eventually he’s deeply enough asleep that he doesn’t hear a thing.
“Let’s go get something to eat. I know the perfect place.”
“And merpeople don’t copulate recreationally.”
Gabriel blows his breath out at Dean’s right, and his voice is quieter when he speaks again.
Beside him, Cas shifts towards him. Without needing to see, Dean knows he’s reaching for the shallow cut beneath his hairline.
“Castiel,” Dean’s voice tremors but it’s sharp, enough to get Cas to raise his eyes. “Did you know?”
“I don’t remember,” Dean says.
. I know he was just doin’ his best.”
Dean keeps his eyes down on the tabletop, examining the grains of the wood.
“Look, my dad - he doesn’t like to sit still. That’s why we moved around so much those five years we were gone. It freaks him out, I don’t know.”
“Wait, you mean they didn’t… you didn’t get in?” Sam sounds disbelieving, and while Dean’s flattered his kid brother still has so much faith in him, it makes him ache deep inside.
Pleasantly exhausted from his run, and on the couch with Cas’s hand in his hair and his brother across the room, Dean sleeps better than he has in two nights.
“My dad’s other kid,” Dean repeats, and while his voice is rough from the crying followed by several hours of disuse, it’s steady. “Did you know about him?”
“It’s all about choosing battles with that one,” John says, and he scrapes his chair back to stand and step across the kitchen to the fridge. Hooking a beer between his knuckles, he twists off the cap as he toes the door shut and comes back to the table. Sam is at the sink, loudly scrubbing dishes and probably making more of a mess than anything.
“What?” Dean says, breathing heavy, and Cas takes in the sight of him.
“What’re you doin’ here, kid?” Bobby greets amicably.
“Dean, let’s leave,” Cas says from close behind him. He tugs on his arm, and that combined with Jo’s efforts from his other side get Dean backed up a few steps.
“So, you really wanna go to the boardwalk blaze tonight?” Dean asks.
“I expect you home on weekends,” John says sternly. “Maybe not all of them, but most. This is about school, it’s not about partying or your social life or whatever - ”
“Cas?” He whispers.
The house that matches the address that Bobby gave them is tucked back on a long driveway. There are dogs tied up to a detached garage, junkers growing grass on them in the yard, and a chicken coop - the birds mill about, pecking at the dirt.
“C’mon,” Dean calls to Cas, who’s standing amongst the chickens with his hands in his pockets and a smile on his face. “Let’s go for a drive.”
Finally, he faces the ocean.
“I don’t know, Bobby, I - ” He shakes his head.
Cas swallows. “I - ”
Dean scoffs, not knowing how to respond. “Whatever. Can you please come back down here?” He tugs at Cas’s wrist. “You’re killing me, man.”
Sprinting through the backyards of the nearby houses, Dean hear Jo cursing in front of him, and he picks up a couple words - “
“Hello, Sam,” Castiel says pleasantly. “Dean’s told me a bit about you.”
His next swipe of the net clears a large tangle of seaweed from below him, and reveals a wide pair of eyes gazing up at him from deep within the pool.
“I like it,” Castiel says, and he smiles.
“Once.”
Cas scrutinizes him. “I was worried.”
“Yeah,” Dean nods, clearing his throat and forcing his mind back to the present. “Yeah, fine.”
Dean jumps a little in surprise as he’s divvying the food up into bowls, Castiel’s voice coming from close behind his ear.
“I’ve noticed that,” Cas says. “He’s very observant.”
“No, you didn’t get the pool closed?” John asks slowly, making the hairs on the back of Dean’s neck prickle.
“Anyway, you boys mind droppin’ somethin’ off for me while you’re out?” Bobby asks. “I’ve just got an old box of some parts for a friend of mine, needs taken to his place out near Sinepuxent.”
The afternoon passes slow and relaxed, the sun bright and hot. It makes Dean sleepy, and he spends the time lounging on his towel.
Dean’s stomach flutters aggressively when Cas immediately kisses him back. His lips are wet against Dean’s but they’re warm, and they’re insistent. He can taste the chlorine on them.
“I just thought he might be hungry,” Sam says with a shrug. “You said he lived across the street, but he never went home, and he never had any money.”
“And, um,” Cassie says, and there’s no mistaking the hesitance in her voice. “What about Cas, is he staying around here, too?”
“Are you sure you’re alright?” Cas asks from the doorway. It’s not the first time he’s asked, but every time he has Dean’s just waved him off.
Dean runs his fingers through Cas’s wet hair, making it stick up in unruly spikes.
Trudging back to the apartment after a long afternoon of cleaning sand out of the pool filters, Dean snaps the door shut behind himself and tromps down the hallway. He stops in the kitchen just long enough to toss the mail on the table and makes for the living room, only to stop dead in the doorway.
“Are you feeling better?” Cas asks, and seems almost guilty for asking.
Nearly clogged this thing.” He kicks at the pump.
Bobby’s quiet for a thoughtful moment, and Dean resists the urge to twitch under his scrutiny, uses everything to keep himself still.
“From Frank’s, yeah.”
“Yes.” Dean isn’t sure if he’s imagining it, but he thinks for a moment that Castiel looks sheepish.
When John doesn’t say anything, just rubs his hand across the back of his neck and keeps his head hung low and his face out of sight, Dean turns to go. Just before he leaves, however, Dean pauses.
Dean pulls Sam’s door almost shut, and turns to Cas.
. And you found him, Dean?”
Dean has a sharp reply ready on his tongue but he doesn’t say it, straining to see around people’s legs, trying to catch a glimpse of Cas. He can hear scuffling, people cheering and stomping their feet, but he can’t see around the commotion. A hand comes down on the back of his neck.
Zachariah nods in agreement. “I’ve done enough galavanting with the mouth-breathers, personally.”
Cas nods. “I like her.”
“You must be tired.”
Dean shuts his eyes, but Cas catches him with a hand on his cheek before he can turn his face away. His fingertips trail across Dean’s cheekbone and Dean lets it happen. Cas brushes over his eyebrow with one finger, down his nose. When he reaches his mouth, Dean lets his lips part as Cas’s finger catches on the lower one.
“Why are you saying this, Cas?” Dean stares straight at him and it’s a challenge. He’s daring Cas to tell him, now, to stop being such a fucking coward and just tell him -  “Huh?”
Dean frowns. “Wait, what?”
“Bathroom,” Dean mumbles.
“Can I ask like two more questions?” Sam asks.
Dean thinks it’s about time for him to step in. When Sammy opens his mouth to ask something else, no doubt even further into the realm of personal, Dean interrupts him.
“Dean,” Cas says into his mouth, and it comes out soft on the edge of a breath and Dean just about melts under his touch.
Dean can only block so many of his shots, and he takes a sharp one to the jaw that snaps his head back before he gets in any more of his own. The punch that Dean lands, though, hits Alastair square in the face, his nose making a sickening cracking sound under his knuckles.
Dean sighs, and with one last glance over the engine of the Roadrunner, he closes the hood. Not much more he can do today, until he gets parts in. He sinks down into the dirt next to Frazier, who shifts to rest his heavy head on Dean’s knee. Reaching over, Dean drags the chain over the gravel and clips it back onto the dog’s collar.
Cas tilts his head in confusion. “I don’t feel hot.” He touches his forehead with the back of his hand. “Do I feel hot?”
There’s the sound of Jo and Cas both yelling his name but Dean barely registers it as he hits the ground hard and skids, his hands and knees catching his fall on the rough concrete of the pool deck.
“How are you not hot?” Cas mutters.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says.
“Oh. Right,” Dean thrusts the cash at her. “Here.”
“You’re unbelievable,” he says again, and he knows he must give himself away by his voice because Cas chuckles again and scoots closer across the bench.
“Yeah,” John nods. “Thought it might be better than cereal, huh?”
. After it’s painted, it’ll be finished. A complete, working car. He’s suddenly struck with the realization that he doesn’t know what he’s going to do with it once it’s done - not anymore.
As soon as John’s attention leaves him, Dean’s gone, darting through the slider and back inside.
“It’s about Cas. Kind of.” Dean sees Sam start to smirk, and he rushes on before the twerp can say anything. “What exactly did you think was his deal, before you found out about… you know, his tail?”
“Hell yeah,” Dean says.
“You okay?” Dean calls over the sounds of music and games.
When he wakes up, the credits are rolling and it’s almost dark out.
“So I guess it doesn’t really matter in the end, right?”
Cas makes a noise in his throat as Dean pulls away to tip his forehead down against his. Slowly, he opens his eyes and finds Cas already looking at him, eyelashes fluttering.
Jo uses her toe to spin the desk chair back and forth.
Dean’s hands are still stinging and they’re trembling beyond his control, but he’s more concerned with being unable to draw in air. The force of his sobs wracks his whole frame, his breath searing painfully in and out of his lungs and he can’t -
“There you go,” Bobby murmurs as Dean gets in a few hitching lungfuls of air. “Just like that, do that again, kid.”
Still, Dean says nothing. On the other end of the line, he hears Jody take a breath. When she speaks again, her voice is softer, like she’s turned her back to the room and is speaking quietly into the mouthpiece.
At that, Dean chuckles. “Yeah?”
funny.”
Cas waits for him to elaborate, and Dean licks his lips anxiously.
Dean hesitates. He swallows. “I had Sammy and me holed up in some old guy’s shed in his backyard.”
Before even taking a second to think about it, Dean chucks his phone hard across the car. It ricochets off both the passenger door and the dashboard with a
Sam had rolled his eyes. “You are so whipped.”
“Oh,” is all Dean had said, eyes on the road ahead of them.
The muscles of Cas’s stomach tighten against Dean’s knuckles on each stroke and he thinks Cas’ll probably come any second before he gets an idea.
“This is delicious,” Castiel says emphatically.
He sees Cas blink slowly, and then Dean leans in and kisses him on the mouth.
Dean swallows. “Yeah?”
“Okay, okay,” she holds up her hands defensively. “Think about it. Text me when you decide that you’re coming.”
Dean hears a girly laugh and Victor’s chuckle, and then sees what Jo’s talking about. Vic and Bela, while only feet from them in line, only seem to have attention for each other. She’s got her arms around his neck and he’s smiling down at her, and she stretches up on her toes to kiss him.
Cas shakes his head. “It wouldn’t be a good idea. My family….”
Dean takes a breath through his nose, lets it out with a sigh. He sits for a few more minutes before tossing his phone onto the passenger seat and starting the car.
Sam looks like he expected as much. “Cas, you wanna come?”
“Huh?” John demands, and Dean swivels his eyes to look at him.
Gabriel licks his lips, shakes his head. “‘
“Yeah, a bunch, actually.”
“Yeah, he did,” Dean says before Castiel can reply, and he plops down on Sam’s bed. “What are you working on? You can’t possibly have homework the night before your last day.”
The wheat field is dazzling, glimmering with raindrops and gilded, almost too bright to look at. What was a dirt road is mostly mud now, the car sitting in a shallow puddle. Water drops with soft
They walk a lap or two around the end of the dock as their heart rates come down. When they’re more or less recovered, the two of them settle at the railing on the end to look out at the water, shoulder to shoulder.
Dean leaps back from the window with a shout, his heart hammering.
“And you and Sam?” Cas asks quietly.
“Dean?” Cas whispers.
“Yeah, no problem.”
“ - green spots, to represent trees - ”
Cas rolls his eyes.
“Really?” Sam sounds incredulous. “Not even, like, up where you’re from? Don’t you have Funland up near there?”
“You don’t like the ocean?” Cas asks.
Dean smirks. “You’re breaking enough rules already, right? What’s one more.”
“And because you flaked out on me like a little bitch, Rufus came in on his day off to help with the fucking storm windows. To do
“Shit. And your dad’s getting back when?”
Dean mulls that over, a creeping suspicion itching at the back of his brain. “When do you work next, then?”
“What do need the waterproof camera for, though?” Dean asks, eyebrows drawn down. “I thought you were gonna be on kayaks. You’re not getting in the water, are you?”
“All that’s left is crumbs!” Dean shakes the bag to prove it.
“You don’t know that many people,” Dean says with a roll of his eyes.
“Nah,” Dean shakes his head. “I was cleaning out pool filters. I haven’t seen him in a while.”
“My phone’s busted,” he says. “It was in my pocket, it got wet.”
Sam shrugs. “S’okay. Just was worried about you.”
Standing in the doorway, Dean frowns. “Where’d you get the ice cream?”
Dean just nods. He knew this.
“Okay,” Dean says. He can feel Sam’s bitter gaze on the side of his face, but he doesn’t turn to look.
Swallowing, Dean lets his gaze follow Sam’s. The kid’s right - everyone has their hands in the tank. A girl wearing a polo with the aquarium logo embroidered on the front is at the other end, patiently talking to two wide-eyed children and their smiling mother as they stick their arms down into the water.
Dean’s stomach turns over.
“How’d you find me?”
“It doesn’t make any sense,” Cas insists.
“Yes, sir,” Dean mumbles, but he’s looking at Sam, who’s rolling his eyes with his back turned to his dad as he takes a bowl from Cas.
Dean grimaces. She matches his look.
Satisfied, Dean goes back to his own food. As much as he hates to admit it, the green beans are pretty gross. But they’re the only vegetable they had, and Dean honestly was surprised when he found them in the cabinet. He’ll try to budget in real ones next time he goes to the store.
“I am real,” sea monster says, and it brings its tail down on the surface of the water with a soft
“There was…” Dean swallows. “Something happened. When we were livin’ in Iowa. I was twelve, Sammy was six. He was a couple months into the first grade, I remember that.” He throws Cas a glance, who’s listening patiently. “My dad, he - he left for just a couple days. I was s’posed to take Sammy to school, and pick him up, and get him fed, and it was gonna be easy, but - ” Dean clears his throat. “My dad was on his way back, and he was stayin’ somewhere shady for the night, and he got jumped outside a bar. The scumbag took his wallet, so no one at the hospital could identify him for the ten days he was unconscious.”
The five of them are in room one, with music playing softly on Jo’s portable speaker and two bottles of vodka between them. Who knew the motel room could have so many uses - harboring a merman by day, hosting an underaged pregame by night.
Dean stands, pulling Cas up from the couch. After Dean shuts off the TV, the living room falls dark and quiet, and Cas is a silent shadow standing in the middle. Finding Cas’s hand, Dean takes it and leads the way down the hall to his bedroom, where the neon sign outside casts a dull glow over the bed.
“You just make a list of parts, alright, kid? And if there’s anything else you need,” he pauses, but Dean doesn’t look over at him, “you let me know, right?”
“Dean,” Cas says, the third time Dean gets up while the three of them lie around in the living room, watching a movie.
Dean allows himself to breathe for a minute or two. He regrets this stupid conversation ever starting - he doesn’t talk about this shit for a reason. Not even with Sammy.
Cas frowns in confusion, his head tipping to the side. “No. Why, should I have?”
Castiel just continues to peer at him.
Dean grabs the kid’s arm before he can dart off.
This is it.
- ” Sam’s getting louder as he talks, and Dean tries to cut him off before he’s yelling in excitement.
“What’s the matter?” Cas asks, short of breath. His hand on Dean’s dick stills, his other squeezing gently at the muscle above Dean’s hip.
Bobby freezes. One hand around the bowl of chili and the other clutching a spoon, he lifts his eyes to stare at Dean.
Alastair rolls them towards the pool, and Dean thrashes, but Alastair drags him to the edge and Dean’s suddenly overtaken with terror. Despite his efforts to dislodge Alastair from him, Dean only gets a weak elbow to his sternum as they struggle, his power diminished by his awkward position underneath him, and the next thing he knows he’s pinned to the ground with one of Alastair’s arms pressed heavily across his throat.
“Still shitty,” Ash says with a smirk.
“First thing tomorrow, we’ll go.”
Eyes shining with adventure, Cas nods. “I’d love to.”
Mildly startled, Dean snaps his gaze up to find Cas looking equally caught off guard. He catches Dean’s eyes only briefly, and turns to John.
“Hm,” Cas says brightly. “You’re a lucky guy.”
“Bye, boys. And you two be safe tonight, you hear?”
Dean holds his breath, but he doesn’t hear Cas’s response before Naomi continues.
“The owner told me.”
He can’t. His lungs are full of the ocean and breathing is not happening right now.
All three of their heads swivel to turn to him, and Castiel’s eyes go wide.
Dean searches Castiel’s face, but his expression is kept carefully blank.
“I will,” Dean says. “Thank you again for the gift.”
Dean leans in and captures Cas’s mouth, pleased when Cas kisses him back immediately. They stand close, in the middle of the kitchen, still swaying ever so slightly and trading kisses. His thumb brushing the soft skin low on Cas’s back, just above the waistband of his jeans, Dean hums contentedly against his lips. It’s nice, standing there, the sound of the stir fry sizzling on the stove and the TV playing in the other room, and Dean feels warms all over.
Since their conversation the night before, the kid has been rather quiet. Dean supposes he understands, considering what was dropped on him. He’d done his best to convey it tactfully, but Sam hadn’t given much of a response for Dean to get an idea how he was handling it. Dean didn’t know if lying in the dark had made it easier or harder. For either of them.
“They don’t look nearly as delicious as they taste.”
Dean nods, offers a half smile. “Yeah, we’re cool.”
“No,” he says with a snort. “You really think we’d still have the fort set up if Dad’s seen it already? He would love to bitch about this.”
Dean starts the sink, and rinses the bowls out under the water.
There’s the sound of the field rustling and of their lips brushing, of their breath between them. They stand as close as they can, completely flush and trying to be nearer. Dean gets a hand tangled in Cas’s t-shirt and holds on desperately, licking past his lips to taste him and holding back a noise in his throat as he does.
“You’re welcome.”
But it doesn’t even matter, and Dean’s wasting time thinking about it, because if it’s Ellen or Rufus or freakin’
“And who’s this, my replacement?” Vic asks amicably, looking at Castiel.
“Yes, sir,” he repeats, more clearly.
, you hardass. Not realistic.”
“Bobby - ” Dean croaks.
“What were you doing so close to the shore, though?” Sam asks.
“Oh. It’s nothing.” Even Dean admits that sounded terribly not reassuring, and Cas just looks at him. Dean swallows. “I, um… I get stomach aches, is all.”
“Help -
“That was fun,” Cas says, and they all turn to look at him. His chest is still heaving, his hair is a disaster, but he’s grinning wide. Dean cracks up.
Even around the side of the house, the flashing blue and red lights from what seems to be several cop cars reflects across the canopies of the trees.
“Yes, thank you,” he says. “I remember.”
Scoffing, Dean has to look away at that because he feels his resolve break and he doesn’t want to give Cas the satisfaction. His shakes his head at the driver’s window, his tongue shoved into his cheek to keep himself from smiling.
He’s six years old and his lifejacket is gone and he doesn’t know where his parents are. He feels more scared than he ever has, the sunlight blinding him as it gleams off the water.
“Yeah, I can see that.”
People scream, and Dean goes over.
“Thank you,” Cas says politely.
“Welcome to senior week,” Ash says with a grin.
Dean should notice his two hands, how they clench nervously at his sides. Or his cheekbones, how they’re just a little bit sharper than the last time Dean had seen them, his face a little more pale. He should notice how his mouth curves up in the corners, just so slightly, how he stands just a few yards away and how at the back of Dean’s legs, the ocean feels like it’s pushing Dean towards him - pushing more than pulling. But more than anything he should notice his two feet, how his toes curl apprehensively in the sand as the next wave creeps up and over them, licks at his ankles and then pulls away, disinterested.
Dean works quickly, trying to get things wrapped up, but it still takes the three of them almost two hours to get the place looking like it’s supposed to. The fence gets fixed, the deck is swept, and the pool gets cleaned enough to be refilled.
Dean’s gaze swivels from John to Cas and back, his heart hammering in his chest. He has no reason to be worried, right? His dad and his friend are just chatting amicably. His dad, who tends to be a judgemental prick at times, and his friend, who happens to be a merman at times - and also may or may not spend the night in Dean’s bed more often than he doesn’t.
He glances at Cas to see him shake his head, his expression somber. Shifting on the mattress, Dean slides a palm across the bottom of his sternum. Gently, Cas reaches out and smooths his hand over the back of Dean’s, tangling their fingers and squeezing, and Dean lets him. He breathes.
When Dean speaks again, he’s quieter.
He breaks off the kiss, tipping his head away and Cas tries to follow, chasing him with his mouth.
me - ?”
“You’re unbelievable,” Dean says with a shake of his head. “Would you be laughing if I had to drag your fish ass back to the car? I don’t think so! Your freaking tail wouldn’t even fit - ”
Dean hums distractedly in response, and finally comes up successfully with a towel that he pulls out of the bottom of a bin. It’s dusty, but it’ll do.
They all turn to stare at him.
, and the whole time you could control the freaking - all this time!”
Dean tugs on a pair of jeans and shoves bare feet into sneakers. He checks to make sure Sam is still sleeping soundly, and grabs his keys.
“Oh, my god.”
“What is?”
“She likes you, too,” Cas looks at Dean softly, and Dean returns his gaze for a moment before turning back to the stingray, the smile still on his face.
“I’ll be back,” he says, and he turns away to trudge up the beach.
Facing east, he sits just out of reach of the low tide. The frothy border of it creeps his way but it pauses inches before his toes, then recedes. Dean feels the salty breeze in his hair and in his lungs and he looks out over the water. As far and as wide as he can see, the ocean has always had a way of looking back at him. The boy it almost swallowed up, sitting at its shoreline. Now, it seems indifferent.
Ash shrugs. “They’ve got some cool computer shit there, man. I couldn’t say no.”
“You think Cas wants to come?” she asks carefully.
In the doorway, John pauses. He has a hand on the jamb and Dean watches his back, the way his shoulders tense as he hesitates there. Silently, Dean waits. It’s quiet enough to hear the electric buzz of the vacancy sign from the parking lot.
“Huh?” Dean snaps his eyes back to Cas’s face.
“Sam - ”
“He was sheltered,” Dean says as explanation, clapping Cas on the back.
Dean backpedals, just barely keeping himself from shouting out,
“I have to finish helping with the clean-up.
“I have, um - ” Dean swallows. He can’t seem to get the words out, a blush creeping up his neck. Instead of trying to explain, he shifts to work his hand into his pocket.
Cas loses with half the score he got the first time, but still turns around with a grin after collecting his meager fifteen tickets.
Rufus laughs as he straightens up, but Dean doesn’t think his dad’s joking. It’ll take probably fourteen hours for the thing to be full.
“I thought I heard you boys out here.” Missouri says in her feathery voice, stepping out to stand on her mat.
John’s truck is outside the apartment when Dean finally makes his way up the parking lot. He heads for the door without hesitation.
After hesitating just one more moment, Sam opens the passenger door with a click. “I’ll see you at three, okay, De’?”
“Yes, ma’am,” he says, ready to get out of there. “You have a good one.”
Grinning, Dean tips Cas’s face up with a knuckle beneath his chin and leans down and kisses him. Lips wet with the taste of chlorine but warm, Cas kisses him back happily. They make out on the edge of the pool, in nearly the same exact spot they had kissed that very first time those months ago. Cas crooks his arms over the tops of Dean’s thighs, Dean sliding a hand to fit around his jaw, and Dean feels warm all over.
“I have an older brother, Inias, who I spend a lot of time with.” Cas pulls himself up so that his forearms rest crossed on the ledge, and he hooks his chin over them. “He and I look most alike of the group. He hasn’t got blue eyes, though.”
“I think that you should go to college.”
“What?” Castiel asks.
“Wait,” Castiel says, voice absolutely wrecked, clutching the trash can to himself with his free arm. “Get Shelly.”
“Yeah, it’s okay.”
fucking day,” he mutters to himself, and he turns to go back to the shed, where there may be something he can use to fish it out.
“Am I?”
“What’s up?” Taking Cas’s chin in his hand, Dean gently turns his head to meet his gaze. Cas says nothing, but tips his face into Dean’s hand and kisses his palm. “Cas, what?”
“It was in the fall. There was a really warm day out of nowhere, so my dad wanted to take us out.” Dean pauses, licks his lips nervously. “We were probably a quarter mile offshore, up north a bit from here. And there was a fire, on the boat. It was electrical, I know that, but I don’t know specifics - my dad never talked about it, still doesn’t. Not that I’d ever ask, but Sammy used to. ‘Cuz Sammy was just a baby, and he actually wasn’t there when it happened, and I - ” Dean shakes his head. “There’s nothing in my life I’m more grateful for than that. I’m not even sure where he was. Probably with Ellen and Bill, I guess, I remember being at their house a lot before all - all this.”
“Sorry I freaked you out last night,” Dean says to his bare feet where they shuffle on the concrete.
“Yes,” Cas admits. “I wasn’t truthful about the storm, and I - I apologize. It wasn’t because of the storm that I was washed up. I - I swam away. My siblings caused the storm out of anger.”
“Oh. Alright, yeah, you uh - you nap. I’m gonna finish up outside, and I’ll be back. Just
“Didn’t you just graduate?” Cas asks.
“Yes,” Castiel says back. “It’s loud in here.”
The guy, shorter than Dean and a bit stockier, doesn’t seem at all uncomfortable with starting a conversation with a stranger. He just flicks an unruly lock of styled-back hair out of his eyes (his hair’s longer than Sam’s, and the kid’s is getting a little out of control) and leans on the railing to Dean’s right.
“What?” Alastair sneers into face, and Dean keeps his wide eyes trained on the water, coming closer. His heart pounds so loud he’s sure Alastair can hear it, and his lungs feel like they’re closing up. “Don’t want to mess up your hair?”
Dean’s casts his eyes towards the ceiling.
, Dean, you fucking - went over, man, right when me and Cas got to you - ” Jo shoves her hair back from her face roughly, and Dean sees real fear in her eyes as she recalls. “Alastair had a knife on you, and I didn’t know - I saw blood, and I didn’t - I thought he - ”
“How many pieces?” Sam asks.
As he’s sitting there, he feels his phone buzz. He’d put it in rice like Jo had suggested, and after a few hours somehow it had miraculously turned on. He wrestles it from his pocket to find a text from none other.
Eyebrows pulled low over his dark stare, John licks his lips. “And how exactly are you planning to pay for - ”
“Let’s start with these,” Sam says, taking a few of the Roman candles and passing them around to everyone. “De’, you got your lighter?”
“Did Gabriel…?”
All three of them fall silent. It’s so quiet in the bathroom that Dean can hear the morning traffic on the highway outside.
Suddenly excited, Dean sits up, forcing Cas to do the same. He gets his hands around the underside of Cas’s thighs and pulls him close, until he’s straddling Dean’s lap snugly.
“I heard you guys yelling at each other.”
“No,” John clears his throat again and shakes his head. “No, I don’t think so.”
The silence that follows is as if the air had been sucked from the room. Both with held breath, John stares down at Dean, who thinks his dad’s gone pale. He stands his ground.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dean says again. “And I’m not having this conversation with you, of all people.”
“Dean - ”
The sun is starting to set, the light sharpening and coming in at an angle, making everything look a bit orange. As they get higher and higher, the town comes into view below them, the inlet bordered by the bay and the ocean on three sides. Dean usually feels a little nervous this high off the ground, but Sam and Cas offer a pretty decent distraction.
And it shouldn’t matter to Dean, it’s John’s car - he has every right to do with it what he wants, drive it whenever he wants. But that doesn’t change the uneasy feeling it gives Dean, the nervous, proprietary twinge in his gut. He pushes the apprehension down, forces himself to tune back into what Sam is explaining about reef sustainability or something.
“Yes,” Cas says with a grin, drifting casually on his back. “
“Are you sure you’re alright?”
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean says. “It’s just stupid human stuff.”
“I know,” he reassures, biting back a grin. “It’s okay. Come here.”
“Dad - wait - ” Shaking his head, Dean still can’t believe what’s happening. “ - she’s
He sees Cas swallow, glance away.
The voice is way too deep to be Sam’s, and not pissed enough to be his dad, and that leaves Dean very confused. He finally rouses enough to be considered conscious, and he blinks his eyes open.
“So,” Dean says after Benny’s dropped off their check and they’re finishing the last of their fries. “The legs. How long have you got ‘em for?”
“C’mon, Cas, that’s cheating!” Sam gripes when Cas has been under the water for over two minutes, and is nowhere to be found.
Dean throws a glare over his shoulder.
,” Gabriel says with a chuckle. “That’s cute. Little nickname. I like it.”
“I thought it was what you wanted!” Cassie says, glancing around nervously for anyone in earshot.
He tugs him out of the shed, careful not to bump anything, and together they make a break for the motel. A glimpse over his shoulder tells him they’re still in the clear and he pulls the slider open and shoves Castiel inside, following behind and shutting the door after them.
“Ew, Cas,” Dean shakes his head. “That’s awful.”
“We were furious,” Naomi says. “But we didn’t pull you home the day you swam away because we expected you to come floating back when you had realized your mistake. We didn’t expect you to have the gills to go through with -
“You gonna eat a donut?”
Ash and Andy go off looking for the source of the marijuana smell that hangs over the place, and Jo leads Dean and Cas to the kitchen. There are two guys in there, pouring a handle of cheap vodka into a huge jug.
Cas takes one more hit, and it isn’t until he’s exhaling smoke that Dean realizes he’s staring at his mouth. He looks away quickly, glancing around, but doesn’t think anyone noticed.
“I can tell.”
” or “
“Huh?” Dean asks stupidly.
Dean glances at Castiel, who’s looking around in wonder.
“Oh,” Dean had forgotten. “Yeah.”
“That got your attention, didn’t it?” Alastair murmurs, the smirk audible in his voice. It makes goosebumps rise up Dean’s neck.
, I promise, now
“Nonsense, boy,” she waves a hand at him and disappears into her room. Dean looks at Cas, who appears unfazed.
The puppy dog eyes that Cas levels up at him could put Sam’s to shame, honestly. Dean feels his mouth twist, but despite his effort to hold back his smile, he can’t.
“I like sleeping here with you,” Dean whispers, eyelids heavy, and he didn’t plan these words and they’re out of his mouth before he even thinks them.
That time didn’t feel as intense as the first, the burn not as sharp, so Dean does it again - pulls up a bit to slide back down, more each time until he’s seated to the base in Cas’s lap, stretched around him. The both of them are panting, Cas obviously doing all he can to keep still. Dean rakes a hand through Cas’s sweat-damp hair, giving himself a moment to get used to the breathtaking fullness of it and he feels Cas’s eyes on his face.
“Yeah,” Dean cracks a smile. “They like you, too.”
“I was just bringing you some towels, ma’am. Ellen said you requested them?”
“Bobby - wow - I don’t know, I - ” Dean had run his hand over its hood, gaping at it. It was rusted to shit and even missing a damn door, and he had no idea the last time the thing was roadworthy, but the idea of putting it back together again started a feverish buzz in him. He swallowed. “My dad, he - he won’t let me take this, Bobby, you know how he is about - you know, I don’t know - ”
“Yeah, whatever, Sammy. Get outta here before Ellen comes lookin’ for you.”
Later, he follows Dean through the lobby towards the laundry room, Dean laden with a heavy basket of both their clothes.
“Dean, it’s great! There are so many animals here. I met a ferret, Dean. It was a strangest looking thing I’ve ever seen. Honestly, I can’t believe it doesn’t have back problems, it was so long with these short legs - ”
Dean sits for long enough that when he finally climbs to his feet he’s stiff, his knees somewhat aching as he stands. He curls his toes in the sand, deliberating for a moment.
“Dean.” A woman’s voice, and Dean knows who it is immediately.
The moment goes on, Dean watching closely to whatever is happening behind John’s eyes. When Dean speaks again, it’s quieter.
“Mmm, I do…” Dean admits, and he lets himself roll his hips up to meet Cas’s.
“I’m sorry,” he says, and Cas tips his head to the side. “For being kind of a dick. For being ‘distant’, I guess. If I hurt your feelings, I didn’t mean to.”
Sunday and Monday are both so hot that none of them want to do anything. Both days, Dean wakes up from sleeping after the night shift to find Cas and Sam just lying around and (Cas, more than Sam) bitching about the weather.
“I don’t understand.”
“I don’t want to go in,” Cas says, and it’s muffled in Dean’s t-shirt but it sounds petulant.
Dean swallows his pizza, and it goes down in a painful lump. “No,” he says. “He didn’t tell me that.”
“Leave him be,” Cas says, voice low. “He has nothing to do with this.”
, Sam, cut it out. It’s not a big deal.”
“Okay, touchy. You in for tonight, or not?”
When Dean grinds into him again, harder, things just get better.
“You brush your teeth?”
The arcade is just as loud and busy inside as Dean feared it would be. He hesitates in the doorway, but trails after the others when he feels he might get left behind. When they’re deep into the arcade, Ash and Andy dodge off to play whatever it is they play here, and Dean stands uselessly in the aisle.
“Oh gosh,” Castiel says in alarm. “What’s happening?”
Pushing off from the counter where he was leaning, Dean digs his phone out and shoves out from the behind the desk. As he leaves, he doesn’t miss the sound of Sam’s annoyed huff before he thumbs open the call and presses the phone to his ear.
Neither says anything for a long moment.
Stupid storm. They always dredge up nightmares, making his skin feel hot and tight and prickly. When he can finally hear over his racing heart, though, it’s quiet on the other side of his window. His alarm clock flashes 00:00 at him, unhelpfully. The power must have gone out at some point.
“You’re, like, super old,” Dean says, of all things, and Cas rolls his eyes.
Dean’s hands are balled into fists at his sides. He heart hammers in his chest and his own anger rises within him but his feet won’t budge.
She sneers, and Dean glares at her until she walks away.
Cas nods. “Very different. This water is very… dirty.”
“Okay,” Dean bites his lip, trying to keep his affectionate smile at bay. “Have fun, Dr. Dolittle.”
By the time they’ve filled three grocery bags with cereal, chips, and cookies, Sam joins them, looking bright-eyed and excited. He’s dressed, and has his backpack slung over his shoulders.
There are feet surrounding them by now, everyone crowded around to watch the fight, their shouts and cheers egging them on.
“You’re moving like eight hours away, dude. You really wanna drive down to Salisbury for the weekends?”
There’s a loud clatter as Dean roughly drops the dishes in his hands into the sink - they crash together, a miracle that nothing breaks, and Dean finally spins to face Sam, fuming. To his credit, Sam takes a step back, his eyes widening, but Dean is pissed enough to ignore the wary surprise on his little brother’s face.
“What’s this?” Cas asks as he pulls out the envelope, unfolding it. Sam turns his head, and Dean straightens up.
“Probably,” Dean says, and Jo snickers to his left. “So don’t be loud.”
“What?” Dean asks in alarm, eyes wide.
Her feathery voice sounds a bit breathless when she greets him.
“So, whaddya got for us, Andy?” Ash asks when their car pauses halfway up, rubbing his hands together in excited anticipation.
“Not at all,” Dean says with a shake of his head. “Really.”
“Well, he didn’t kill me, so there’s that,” he says, and she chuckles.
Pushing up onto his hands, Dean twists to see where they’re headed. Sure enough, he spots a small herd of horses just barely in sight around the corner of a dune, their backs visible over the sand.
They catch sight of Vic and Bela when they reach the end where all the games are, and Jo turns to give Dean a lofty look as the two of them come out of the crowd. Sure enough, Bela’s got a stuffed penguin under one arm, her other looped through Victor’s elbow - and she’s skinny and blond.
“It’s a waterproof camera,” he says. “They passed them out to all of us to use for today.”
“You’re avoiding the question,
“I’m good,” Cas replies, nodding in Dean’s peripheral vision.
Though he rolls his eyes, Sam stands still long enough for Dean to smear sunscreen on his cheeks.
“This has nothing to do with you,” Dean says, and his voice is rock solid steady and he sees it visibly take John aback. “Bobby’s doing me a favor, and I’m gonna pay him back. We have an agreement, me and him, and it has nothing to do with you - ”
Cas nips his lower lip gently before letting it fall from his teeth. Dean pulls away, and opens his eyes. He’s just opening his mouth to get the words out, but Cas speaks first.
“Geez, Cas,” Sam says. “Thirsty much?”
They finish up slowly, enjoying the weather and the place to themselves. On the way home, they walk in an easy quiet, Sam kicking a rock down the sidewalk. Dean looks over Coastal Highway, hands in his pockets and his mind wandering. They’re nearly home when he’s brought back to the present by Sam’s voice.
Leaning down, Cas captures Dean’s mouth in a kiss that lingers. When he licks at Dean’s lower lip Dean lets him in and their tongues slide together briefly before Cas pulls away.
“He can eat what he wants. You need to eat your green beans.” Dean raises his eyebrows challengingly, and the look must have just enough John Winchester in it, because while Sam rolls his eyes he stabs a few vegetables and shoves them in his mouth.
“You use this toggle,” Sam demonstrates. “And you catch as many jellyfish as you can. I had the high score last summer but someone beat me.”
“Yeah, it still felt scary,” Ash says, and Jo and Andy roll their eyes at him.
“Get to it, kid.”
Dean swallows, eyes wide as he stares back at her.
Jo’s eyes light up. “Hell yeah, I wanna come.”
Shaking his head in disbelief, Dean scrapes a hand backwards through his hair, at a complete loss for words.
“Bobby, this is - I mean - seriously, you can’t - ”
(We're over 100k words??)
“Thank you.”
“Sam’s got school in the morning, doesn’t he?” John regards the three of them in the doorway, his dark eyes passing over Sam and Dean and landing on Castiel. “Who’s your friend?”
Each kiss Dean lays moves closer to Cas’s mouth. Over the bolt of his jaw, one on his chin, on the corner of his lips. He pulls away, and can just barely make out the glint of Cas’s eye in the dark as he looks at him.
That makes Dean turn, and he points an old crankshaft at Cas. “No dogs in the car.”
“Yeah,” he says, and he turns back for the apartment. “See you later.”
“I said of course not.”
He phrases it like a question, and Dean nods again with a chuckle. “Yes. If by bad you mean incredibly awkward, yes, it would be bad.”
“Quit lookin’ at me.”
He kisses Castiel before going back inside, and his lips are warm and soft against his own. He trails his fingers across the hood of the Impala on his way past her, but the cool metal on his fingertips doesn’t erase the feeling of Cas’s hand leaving his as he’d stood up to walk away.
fucking job, Dean - ”
“The legs don’t last forever, apparently,” Cas says. “I need to go in the water every once in a while.”
“I don’t want to leave,” Castiel whispers.
“I just like looking at you,” Cas says, his hands splayed along Dean’s sides. Dean snorts.
“Hello,” Dean hears Castiel murmur, and he smiles to himself.
Jo shrugs. “I don’t mind paying.”
“I’m awake. What’s goin’ on?”
“A dock party?” Dean asks.
John stands over him, quiet, for a long moment. He’s only got about two inches on Dean these days, but it still feels like he towers. The knuckles of the hand gripping his shirt are against Dean’s throat, and Dean wonders if John can feel his pulse pounding.
Dean knows that this is silly. He knows it’s pointless, that it doesn’t matter what he says because he won’t be heard. But he can’t bring himself to say nothing - he can’t just leave, without saying goodbye.
In one swift motion, Dean crouches down and unzips the duffel, laying its contents open. Sam gasps. Jo whistles. Cas doesn’t look like he understands.
“Is everything alright?”
When Dean doesn’t elaborate, Sam just waits patiently. Jesus, this kid’s got him so figured out it’s obnoxious, Dean and his need to fill silence. Though he tries to hold out, it’s only a few moments before Dean can’t take it.
“Do you want to play any more?” Dean asks into his ear.
“Where’s Cas?” Sam asks with his mouth full, dripping milk down his chin.
“You two take care.”
Cas turns in Dean’s peripheral vision, but Dean doesn’t right away. He meets eyes with Jo, who shakes her head at him in warning. As much as he would like to ignore him, which Jo is obviously trying to wordlessly tell Dean to do, the guy’s right behind him and Dean has nowhere to go.
“Dean - ”
As suddenly as it began, the pressure disappears. Dean’s lungs open up and he drags in a loud, laborious breath.
Cas blinks at him, eyes wide. “What about your friends?” He murmurs.
“Hey,” he says sharply, and pastel-shorts turns to him. “Can I bum one?”
“So not the point, Cas.”
Jo shakes her head. “Damn, guys. The dream team’s breaking up.”
Dean sees a tiny crease form between Cas’s eyebrows.
“Yes,” Cas sets his empty cup down. “Not as thirsty as I was this time yesterday.”
Cas suddenly turns to him, and his face splits into a smile. “Yes,” he says, but it comes several beats too late and Dean doesn’t believe him for a second.
“Okay,” Cas says.
“What the hell is that?”
Dean slides a hand around and gets it between them, reaching to palm at Cas’s dick through his boxers. Letting out a stuttering gasp, Cas pulls his head back to look down at Dean with wide eyes.
“Today,” he continues. “I’m going to college, like you wanted me to. I know you don’t - understand how it all works, but my classes start on Monday.”
“I’m okay,” Dean reassures, nodding. He releases his death grip on the back of the seat and moves his hand to Cas’s shoulder, squeezing. “I’m okay, I just - need a second.”
At the gate, Dean turns back. Cas is at the edge, watching him go, and there’s a faint glow in the water, all around him. Coming
There’s a long moment where Dean glares at Castiel, his breath coming fast through his nose.
Dean pushes all of this from his mind as his bare feet reach the edge of the pool. He’s mindful of the ledge, keeping a safe distance from it as he skims the net across the surface of the water, catching the first bit of floating seaweed. Filled with all of this junk from the ocean, the pool gives him the creeps even more than usual, but he ignores the familiar way his stomach squeezes painfully.
Dean falls asleep first, unbelievably warm and comfortable, his legs tangled with Cas’s.
Sam and Jo sitting on the shoreline, legs extended and leaning back on their palms. They speak to one another and Dean stands behind them but he isn’t listening, he’s squinting out over the water and for some reason he has his shoes on. He’s lying in bed, Shelley beside him and the dreamcatcher above him but he’s also standing on the beach in his shoes while Sam and Jo sit in the wet sand and laugh with each other. He feels okay, but he stares out over the water.
How is that possible? The entire shed is surrounded by water, and it’s rising fast, slapping angrily against the warped clapboard siding.
Cas hesitates. “Okay.”
“Because she’s known since yesterday,” Dean explains with a roll of his eyes. He slides into the driver’s seat beside Cas.
Dean tugs off his shoes, which were already untied, and then his socks. Cas reaches out and rolls up one of his pant legs while Dean gets the other.
“Me?” He asks stupidly, swallowing a mouthful of donut with some difficulty. But instead of rolling his eyes and getting annoyed at the idiotic question, John chuckles lowly.
Finally, Dean turns to level Cas with a dangerous glare, his jaw clenched tight. He’s louder than he intended when he snaps, “I said leave it, Cas.”
Dean gives Gabriel a bland smile, one that hurts him somewhere deep, and Gabriel looks back at him with his eyebrows drawn low.
The two of them spend their time by the shore in those days lounging in the sand, Dean getting even more freckly and Cas getting sun-tanned. Sam joins them a few times, happy to be included in the older group’s plans, and Dean does his best not to worry when he goes swimming with the others.
Lifting his fingers from over his eyes, John turns his head just enough to direct a sideways stare at Dean. “You’re fuckin’ serious?”
In the dark hallway, Dean catches his breath. He can feel something heavy on the verge of catching up with him, and he swallows hard past a tightness in his throat. His feet move on their own towards Sam’s room, passing by his own doorway and vastly empty bed without looking.
“Cas,” Dean gasps, and Cas sits up, straddling Dean’s hips, long enough for Dean to help him pull his shirt over his head. It hits the floor.
Sam ignores Dean’s scolding. “Why? I thought he was with you.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispers again, and opens his eyes to Cas gazing down at him, his mouth set sorrowfully.
A searing heat, but when he screams, all that comes out are bubbles.
With tears streaking hotly down his face, Dean crumples to the dirt. Bobby follows him to the ground, slowing his descent.
“This okay?” Dean whispers, crawling up Cas’s body until their faces are level. Cas nods against the pillow, and slots a hand around the back of Dean’s neck to pull him down into another kiss.
Cas looks worried as shit and it makes Dean feel guilty, in some corner of his mind not crowded by terror and dread.
Knocking at number seven, Dean thinks that it’s been a while since he’s seen Missouri. He likes the woman, he does, and he doesn’t mind saying hi and dropping off the towels but he doesn’t think he could handle a whole visit at the moment. Her knowing looks and strangely perceptive comments give him the creeps on a good day, and he’s not entirely prepared.
“I’m open over here,” she says, flicking on the light above her register.
“Here, you can wear these.”
An hour later, Dean is
“Yeah, Sam. I’m good.” Dean offers Sam an unconvincing smile and ruffles the kid’s hair on his way out.
“Not too close, Sam,” Dean warns as he and Cas catch up.
The motel room is dark, and the digital clock that sits on the only nightstand reads 2:48. Dean presses his thumb into his side sharply, willing his stomach to stop twisting. He glances back at Sam, who sleeps soundly, before slipping from the bed.
“What are you thanking me for?”
“You’re okay,” Cas whispers, and Dean opens his eyes as Cas leans forward to press his lips to his forehead. They’re warm, too.
“Oh,” he says, blinking, and it’s so adorable that Dean kisses him again.
“I enjoyed that,” Cas murmurs, and Dean grins wider.
“Yes,” Castiel gasps as he sets his empty cup down. “I feel much better now.”
Dragging both hands up the back of Cas’s head, Dean gets his fingers in his thick hair just as Cas pulls away, breaking the kiss.
“The movie’s starting!”
Castiel shrugs. “Many of my brothers and sisters are over two hundred. My family considers me a juvenile most of the time. Other times, though, they expect a lot of me.” A frown forms between his eyebrows, but it clears quickly and Dean isn’t sure if he really saw it.
” Dean asks, but snags the stuffed dolphin off the floor on their way out.
They lock up behind them and make for the bus stop. It’s almost eleven o’clock, and there are groups of teenagers everywhere - jaywalking, waiting for the bus, calling to one another across Coastal Highway.
“It was probably someone’s flash,” Dean says, voice thick. “From their phone, someone who was recording.”
“Are you guys staying out here much longer?” Sam asks as he grudgingly stomps back from putting the floaty away, probably afraid he’s going to miss out on something fun.
. “He took him to a fucking
“Wait,” he says petulantly, and bends to press his lips to Cas’s. Cas chuckles, but Dean shuts him up when he swipes his tongue against his lower lip, and Cas opens his mouth and lets him in.
“Boys,” she says, “will you two carry the cooler?”
“I apologize,” Cas reaches out and their fingers brush as he takes the glass. “And I’m not sure if it’s normal or not.” He gulps the water down in one go. “I think I’m okay now.”
“Uh… sure…” Sam looks from Castiel to Bones again, who even to Dean looks a lot happier. He’s no longer hiding, and is swimming around in his plant.
“Yeah,” Dean nods. “See you.”
“Uh - dustpan,” he stutters to John and Rufus with a wave of his hand when they glance at him, and he makes a beeline for the shed.
He takes a few more puffs and passes the cigarette to Cas, who doesn’t hesitate before taking it.
Together, they walk to the edge of the deep end and look down at the water.
“Let’s get another drink,” he says to Cas.
“STOP!”
Cas plays Speed of Light as Dean watches on in amusement. He comes nowhere near his high score, his reflexes slowed by the weed and his excessive stoned giggling, which Dean finds contagious.
Eyes stinging, Dean roughly drags the back of his hand over them.
“Alright,” Dean says. “You okay here for a couple hours?”
“Touchy, I get it,” Meg glances over her shoulder and sees Benny coming out with their food. “Well, if you’re ever interested in a third, you know where to find me.”
Dean smiles. “Don’t soak in here too long.”
“He seems…”
“Where’s my beer?” He grouches.
He scoffs, shaking his head. “The next moon, huh, Cas?”
Shit -
“It’s the National Aquarium!” Sam almost can’t even contain his excitement.
He turns his head and catches Dean’s eye, who shakes his head with amused disbelief.
When Cas kisses over Dean’s jaw, Dean turns his head to the side to give him better access. Cas lays an open-mouthed kiss in the divot where Dean’s neck meets his collarbone, and Dean pulls in air with a gasp. He flexes his hips upward, and Cas responds by grinding down into him, hard. The sound that Cas makes, muffled into the side of Dean’s neck, makes Dean dizzy.
“I don’ remember,” Dean mumbles drowsily.
“Okay,” he says. His voice cracks.
“Oh,” Missouri says, and though her eyes are still on Dean she looks far away. Her hands flutter in front of her as if she’s unsure what to do with them for a moment, before she reaches for him. Dean twitches but doesn’t flinch away when one of her palms comes to rest flat across his chest. Her eyes snap to his face. “You’ve got words tied up in you, boy.”
Cas’s gaze flicks over Dean’s face. “I only want what’s best for you, and - ”
Undeterred, Dean shakes his head. “We’ll stay along the Chesapeake. We won’t be far from water, and we’ll find somewhere for you to swim.”
Dropping his hands, Dean shakes his head. “I’m fine.”
The dig causes a soft jeer to erupt from the people standing around, the game of Kings completely forgotten, and Alastair’s lip curls. Dean’s practically trembling how, his hatred for the bastard rising up like a tidal wave. Jo shoves at his chest, cursing at him, and Cas’s fingers tighten around his bicep.
“Oh, don’t we all, honey,” she says with a feathery laugh. “Speaking of, I told your father to come and see me last week and he’s yet to show himself. Stubborn as a mule, that one, especially when it comes to accepting a lighter burden.” She gives Dean a wry smile. “But apples and trees, right, sweetheart?”
“I’m gonna take a shower,” Dean announces to them with a wave. Pulling off his soaked shirt with a grimace, he makes his way down the hall.
They finish up eating and Dean collects their plates. He debates washing them now, but ends up just rinsing them and leaving them in the sink. He can deal with them tomorrow.
They leave the arcade still smiling, Sam talking animatedly about that being the most amount of tickets he’d ever seen, and Castiel carrying his new, gigantic, stuffed dolphin. There wasn’t much deliberation from Castiel when it came to choosing his prize. As soon as he saw the dolphin, he had to have it. He had still been short a hundred tickets for it, but Sam and Dean had pitched in what they had won and they managed to have enough between the three of them.
The bus ride is awkward.
He doesn’t know how long they lay there, Dean with his head turned away and Cas doing who knows what, when Sam and Jo come tromping back up the beach.
“Where does he go?”
“What do you think about pizza for dinner?” Dean interrupts.
“He was being a prick,” Dean insists. “Wouldn’t leave me alone, and I warned him I’d hit him, and he didn’t listen. I won, anyway, so it doesn’t matter.”
Nodding, Dean sits up.
“Why don’t you go for a run?” Sam suggests quietly.
Dean eyes him. “I’m good.”
The shuffle of his dad’s boots coming over to the bed, the rocking of the mattress as he sits down on the edge, and Dean is frozen.
Dean blinks at him before returning his eyes to the road. They ease up to a stop light.
Dean tosses in his bed, his sheets tangled around his legs. He doesn’t think there’s any way he’ll fall asleep, with the storm raging like it is. The window panes rattle violently, and lightning flashes around the sides of the blinds.
“You knew, and you didn’t say anything?” Dean demands.
Cas groans softly, dropping his forehead against Dean’s chest.
“Good man,” John says gruffly, and Dean feels his cheeks flush. “What are you boys doing?”
“Well,” Dean says, looking over the sparkling field. “We christened the car.”
Dean sighs. He puts the car into gear and pulls away, trying to think of what he’s going to do with the rest of his day.
Is this what this whole thing was about, this whole time?
“Alright. Thank you,” Cas smiles at him, and tugs his shirt over his head. He folds it neatly and sets it on the edge. Dean averts his eyes skyward as Cas drops his pants, and he hears those get added to the pile.
“You need to do what’s right for you, and not what your father - ”
Dean raises his head, dumbfounded. “What?”
“Yes.” Dean feels Castiel’s hair brush his cheek as he nods.
Dean nods with a smile, pleased that Cas remembered. After working on it twice last week, Dean finally announced that he thinks the Roadrunner is ready to drive off the property. He promised Cas that they would take it out after he finished at work.
Sam picks up a sock that Dean drops as they shuffle through the door and he says, “Do you know his name?”
“Anyway,” Dean says quickly, trying to change the subject. “We were thinking of going to the boardwalk, you wanna come?”
“There could be aliens.”
“Oh. Well, that makes sense,” Sam says simply, and Dean raises his eyebrows. “We’re kinda trashing your ocean.”
,” Castiel sounds absolutely gleeful from behind Dean. “Wow.”
It’s so quiet under the water that it’s deafening, the pressure in his ears painful, and he panics. He thrashes - kicks hard, bubbles erupting from his mouth, he’s trying to keep the water from coming in but he’s spluttering. He knows how to swim, he’s been taking lessons, but he can’t coordinate his movements around the fear. He’s sinking.
“You need pants,” Dean digs through his drawers and pulls out a pair of sweatpants. Castiel promptly drops his towel, and Dean turns away quickly.
“I’m movin’ up north. Massachusetts,” Ash says. “Startin’ at MIT.”
“Don’t - ” Dean puffs his breath out in an exasperated sigh, trying to tamp down his irritation. “Quit apologizing, Cas. Sorry, I didn’t - I didn’t mean to be a dick.”
“Bitch!” Dean calls after him.
“Yeah,” Dean nods. “My whole life, really. He and my dad were friends the first time we lived here.”
Dean is wracking his brain for something to say to that when he’s saved by Rufus letting out a low whistle, looking down at the water.
“I was thinking of taking a walk,” Castiel says.
Taking a steadying breath, Dean braces himself and shifts, testing the feeling as he lifts his hips cautiously. He pulls almost off of Cas’s cock, the wet slide strange but not painful, and when he sinks down again he goes further than the first time. Cas groans loudly, both hands flying to Dean’s hips and gripping hard.
“This is something I’ve wanted to talk about for some time - ”
, left dangling by scraps; the windshield is next, the glass splitting across it in an intricate web like a fisherman’s net.
Thanks to Charli, who let me bounce some ideas off of her, I'm pretty sure I've got the rest of this story mapped out. <3
“Gee, thanks,” Dean mutters sarcastically, snagging one up for himself. “Make ‘em explode, why don’t you.”
Dean just gapes at him, mouth hanging open. “Oh my god, you’re not real.”
Dean treats the three of them to hotdogs, and they sit at a table on the boardwalk to eat. Out of the corner of his eye, Dean watches Castiel and notes that he drinks his entire water before starting his food.
“I’ll pay for one year,” Bobby says over Dean’s stuttering. “It’ll give you time to apply for student loans moving forward. If it makes you feel better, I’ll let you pay me back down the road.”
“Yeah, yeah, we know the drill,” Andy says with a dopey smile. His eyes are glazed and bloodshot, and Ash’s match.
“Cas - watch it, I’ll drip on your legs - ”
Speechless, Dean continues to gape at him. Slowly, and not by any of his own control, his hand comes up and John drops the keys into his palm. Dean stares down at them.
“I guess your game’s over,” Dean says to Cas with amusement.
“You don’t mind if I go in?” Cas asks.
“Your father - ”
“Um, well,” Cassie says, “there’s a game of Kings starting inside, if you guys wanna join? Tessa and I were just heading in.”
“Yeah, kid. Shoot.”
No matter how many times Dean snarks at Cas, though, so far it’s just been that - the sharp comments, the cold shoulder, the constant state of irritation. But the turmoil inside him is getting worse, rising steadily.
He doesn’t have to see Sam to know he’s making a bitch face.
“I’m not really sure,” Cas sips from his straw. “As far as I know, it’s been a very long time since any of my kind has been on land. I’ve only heard stories.”
There’s a moment where Sam watches him, and Dean’s stomach turns.
Dean nods in agreement, though Cas can’t see him over his shoulder. It does look like the ocean, waves created by the wind and out in the middle of it, it appears almost as big. Dean reaches for him.
But Castiel turns over, away from him, and says, “Good night, Dean.”
They both fall silent at the sound of Dean’s door opening in the hallway. And just his fucking luck, here comes Cas into the doorway to the kitchen, wearing nothing but a pair of Dean’s boxers and an impressive case of bed head.
“Knowing Dean’s luck, it prob’ly is,” Sam chides.
“Hear each other?” Dean can’t help but chuckle. “What, like, telepathically?”
“Hey, kid,” Bobby greets gruffly.
“I was getting the impression that you like handsy,” Cas murmurs behind Dean’s ear, his voice low.
Cas leans over him, and kisses him on the mouth.
With that, the two of them turn without even another glance in Dean’s direction. He resists the angry urge to flip them off as they walk away and out of the gate.
At that, Cas’s expression softens. He shoulders sag just slightly as a bit of tension leaves him, and his mouth turns up in one corner. He leans into Dean.
Dean doesn’t even have time to regret staying and talking, but if he had just left when he saw Cas was still sleeping, it never would’ve happened. Maybe it would’ve, eventually, because his little brother is a nosy bitch and is too smart for his own good, but Dean was hoping to delay this conversation at least just a
“Birth waters have a very compelling draw.”
“It is your fucking job!” John shouts, and he slams his beer onto the counter and Dean is vaguely impressed it doesn’t shatter and John closes the distance between them again, pointing an accusatory finger into Dean’s face but Dean doesn’t back down. “And I need you to start acting like it, because if you’re going to take more responsibility around here I’m not planning on having this fucking conversation again - ”
“Leave him outta this,” Dean grouches.
“You know, a job is, like… long term.”
He doesn’t stop there, heading for the screen door at the front of the house and shouldering through, letting it smack against the jamb behind him.
Dean doesn’t speak again until the walk back, that rock inside him still massive but getting easier to ignore the more he lets his anger grow to outweigh it. He tells Cas that he’ll set up room one for him when they get back. Sam and Castiel both turn to look at him, surprised, and Dean doesn’t want to see either of their faces so he keeps his own eyes ahead.
“Here. Finish it, Cas,” he says into his ear.
. It’s the first time he’s even thought it in his head in regards to Cas and it makes him pause. Is Cas his boyfriend? Would Cas
“Dean.”
“Get out of here, Jo,” Dean growls, fuming. “
“Dean - ”
Dean swallows. “Yes, sir.”
Turns out, there was no reason for Dean to worry about Castiel. As soon as they’re in the air, the wind blowing their hair as they swing high, Cas is grinning. Dean can hear him laugh over the sound of the music, and he feels his own wide smile at Castiel’s delight.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Well, what have we got happening here?”
Dean thinks of setting the tub up for Cas, and his reluctance when it came time for him to go in. He wonders about the kinds of things they’ve been saying to him, but after meeting Zachariah and Naomi he imagines that they probably haven’t been very pleasant. Dean swallows.
Cas pauses to take a breath.
“Anyway,” Dean says. “You guys hungry?”
“Seriously,” Castiel says, and it sounds funny in his overly-serious voice.
“Sure,” Dean says, feeling a little apprehensive.
Dean rolls his eyes.
, Dean, that’s so
Dean works at Bobby’s a couple days, breaking down a few junkers for parts to sell and running errands for him. Cas always rides shotgun in one of Bobby’s trucks that they use to take some scraps to the dump, and Frazier usually sits between them on the bench.
“I think so, yes,” Cas says.
“Yeah, hey, Cas,” Dean says, clearing his throat. He turns all the way to face him as Cas reaches out to pull himself closer by the edge of the dock.
“Hello,” Castiel says. He deliberates for a second, looking from Missouri’s outstretched hand to Dean, who gives a tiny nod and a pointed look towards Missouri to indicate for him to shake it. Finally, he does, allowing Missouri to envelop his hand in both of hers.
“I thought he was going to strike you,” Cas says, and he sounds angry, making Dean turn to look at him.
“I do, too,” Dean says and it doesn’t really hurt all that bad to admit it because it’s just the truth.
“Yes, I want - can I - are you sure?”
Alright, now Dean isn’t sure if Cas really has no idea what he’s doing or if the guy’s just fucking with him, but when he finally tears his eyes away from Cas’s mouth it’s to find him with a perfectly innocent expression on his face. Dean wants to kiss him.
Leaning into the lighter that Andy flicks on, Dean inhales until the end glows orange. He leans back, and exhales the smoke from the corner of his mouth.
There’s something in her voice that makes Dean pause, the way she used the word ‘we’ like she’s speaking for the rest of their group of friends, too. Dean blinks, not really knowing what to make of that.
Bobby comes up short before making it to them, suddenly suspicious. He scans the situation - there’s Dean, who’s trying in vain to appear nonchalant, leaning against the open car door but whose his face absolutely burning - and there’s Cas, who hasn’t even gotten out of the passenger seat and whose eyes are darting nervously back and forth from Dean to Bobby.
“Why not?” He can hear the frown in Cas’s voice.
“We should walk down to the water,” Sam suggests.
Cas takes a breath, and retracts his hand back into his own space, and Dean tries not to admit that he misses his touch.
“Oh my god,” Jo whispers, and Dean turns at the sound of disgust in her voice. “She’s even worse than I imagined.”
Dean chuckles. “What do you want?”
“That is
“That’s not true,” Dean says with a scowl, but the blunt look that Sam levels at him when he straightens up shuts him down. He sighs.
“I guess so,” Cas says, and Dean glances at him. He has been drinking a lot.
“Taunting him didn’t seem like a very wise idea,” Cas says, expression serious.
and bounces off the seat to be lost somewhere in the footwell.
Got it?” Dean turns to Castiel with his eyebrows raised, waiting for a response.
“See you ‘round, kid,”
There are a handful of horses around the side of the low dune, nosing through the sand for the sparse shoots of grass. One looks rather young, sticking close to the side of what must be its mother. They don’t raise their heads at the growing collection of people who have wandered over to peer at them.
“What were you dreaming about?” he finally asks.
Cas looks at him softly. Dean passes him his shirt.
” Cas asks.
“What do you mean?” Two slices pop up from the toaster and Sam takes them out to put in a third.
“I wouldn’t mind drivin’ him,” Dean says.
It’s not until he gets caught at a red light at the intersection of 44th street and has to pull up that he realizes he’s tired. He’s breathing hard, legs shaking a little. It’s been a while since he’s run like this.
“I was gonna open her up and take a look, see what I see. You interested in giving me some help?”
“Okay,” Sam says. “Thanks.”
Jody walks him to the door, and when she catches his arm at the last moment and tells him to call her if he needs anything, he stretches his mouth into a flat smile.
There’s Sam in the doorway, gaping like a fish, his backpack at his feet where he dropped it in shock. Dean stands uselessly in the middle of the bathroom, and Cas lies in the tub, his clothes in a neat pile on the toilet lid and his freaking tail, shimmering and gigantic, dangling over the edge and almost touching the tile.
Before Dean can convince himself otherwise, he steels himself for a moment and then he leans down, and kisses him.
Cas takes it carefully between his fingers, staring at it. Blowing smoke out smoothly, Dean only coughs a little bit as he exhales.
Tromping through the sun-warmed sand and glaring at his feet, Dean ignores him.
Getting the hint, Dean bites at his lower lip to hold back his own slow-growing grin. He saunters close, making a show of his approach.
“You didn’t say this was a pool party,” Dean says as he, Cas and Jo tromp around the side of the house to the gate into the backyard. Ash and Andy were planning on meeting them later on, but by the way Jo said they seemed when she left Andy’s house, they might have gotten too high and won’t make it.
“Yeah, man, it has,” Dean nods his head towards Cas. “This is Cas, by the way. Bay Cove kid, just moved here.”
“Dean!” Turning his head to follow the sound of his name, Dean finds Andy waving at him over the heads of some people. “Meet us out back!”
He doesn’t miss Cas’s disapproving look.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean says, taking a step towards the truck.
Dean and Cas stay on the pier looking east out over the ocean for a few more minutes, just standing quietly in the salty breeze. Seagulls call overhead, looking for dropped French fries, and tourists bustle around them.
“Does that feel good?” Dean whispers, using his two handfuls of Cas’s ass to pull him down to meet the thrusts of his hips. Cas can only nod in response. They work up a rhythm, Cas dropping his forehead down to rest against Dean’s, and Dean can feel the muscles in Cas’s back and ass flexing under his hands and it’s not enough.
“Of course not,” he says quietly.
His dad finally stands, holding Dean in his arms, and he makes for the door - giving up. It’ll be another washcloth bath tonight, and Dean is so relieved he forgets to close his eyes when the tub comes into sight over his dad’s shoulder. But it sits empty, water perfectly still. No giant eyes, no powerful, gleaming tail.
“My apologies,” Cas says, but he doesn’t step back.
“Oh, baby,” she says, and there’s that mothery tone that she sometimes adopts that makes Dean’s stomach coil sharply. Reaching out, she touches her fingertips to his forearm before he can think about flinching away. “Tides are changing, I know. But there’s no need to fear it, honey.”
Pants still unbuttoned, Dean crosses to his mattress and stares down at a small package lying placidly on his pillow, an envelope below it. The package is small and wrapped in brown paper and though he hasn’t seen it in months, Dean recognizes it immediately. Slowly, he reaches down and picks it up.
’ and ‘
With the body work done, the Roadrunner is moved around back near the garage, ready to be sanded.
“Yeah, you remember what happened on the last one?”
“Okay,” Dean says. “C’mon, Dad.”
Dean gets caught for a second on that word,
“I think I need a drink,” Cas says when Sam finally takes a breath between his rambling.
Sam’s started to notice, too, which doesn’t help. Every time Dean’s short with Cas, or he doesn’t quite hold himself back before he lets out a snappy retort, Sam’s been shooting Dean looks that were at first confused but have been getting increasingly indignant in Cas’s defense.
“I still have my legs?”
And God, did he miss it.
“Yeah,” Dean says with a nod, stretching his mouth into a smile. “I’m good.”
Cassie’s quiet at that, taking the time to open the register and collect his change. When she speaks again, there’s real regret in her voice.
. You have a
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that, so he just shakes his head. They look at one another, and they breathe.
“I can meet you here and we can take the bus,” Jo says. “It’s up near Fenwick.”
“Shut up,” he grumbles.
“Hey,” Dean says.
“It’s
“Hey, hon,” she says with a warm smile. “What are you up to?”
“Is he alright?” Cas whispers as Dean closes the door until it’s cracked just a bit.
so sincere that Dean has to avert his eyes again.
With Cas surveying him closely, Dean keeps his own gaze on Cas’s hand, where it fiddles with the hem of Dean’s shirt.
“Can I ask you something?”
Slowly, Dean sits up in bed. The light coming in from behind the curtains is afternoon-soft, and his eyes feel puffy, but he’s distracted by how badly he needs to pee. He pushes himself to his feet and pads across the hall to the bathroom.
Shoutout to Charli for being lovely as always.
Dean gets the door unlocked and they burst through, both of them almost going tumbling to the floor. They make it to the bathroom, and Dean flicks on the light before gently letting Cas down onto the toilet. He drops the dolphin to the tile and moves to the tub, shunting on the water at full blast.
“Are all of them pissed at you?”
“Okay,” Dean grins. “Cool. Yeah, Jo said she wants me to bring you.”
“Fuck, Cas!”
“Dean, come here,” Cas says, and he grabs at Dean’s shoulder, trying to tug him back up the bed. “Come here.”
Finally, the beep of the door unlocking. Dean stands up straighter as Jody Mills enters through the door beside the front desk, offering Dean a tight smile before turning to hold it open behind her. His dad lumbers through, eyes downcast. Under the harsh fluorescents, he looks terrible - mussed hair, day-old stubble, wearing the same clothes Dean last saw him in the evening before.
“I never asked you about your field trip,” Dean says.
“Yeah, well, I can’t say I knew how to bring it up, exactly,” Dean says.
“Fuck, no - ”
“Dean,” Cas says, fingers tugging at Dean’s waistband.
Finally, Dean meets her eye. It’s a challenging stare that he levels her with, his own anger difficult to hold back. Her question all but answered, her mouth twists with sympathy. A sharp pang beneath Dean’s ribs makes his breath catch, but he does everything he can to ignore it.
“Sammy?” he whispers. Nothing.
“I told them you were coming.”
“At her age, she needs all that attention you give her,” John says. “Keep it up and she’ll still be yours twenty years from now.” He flashes a knowing look. “If you want her.”
“You guys gettin’ off here, too?” Jo asks quietly.
“No, sir, I won’t.”
He heaves in lungful after lungful of air, coughing up water until he retches. It’s salty as it comes up, hits the sand between his hands as he clambers onto land. Distantly, he recognizes it as the strip of beach behind the Bunker. Stomach clenching with fear, Dean flips onto his ass and scrambles backwards up the shore on his heels and hands, his breath searing in and out. His chest burns as he heaves and splutters, his hair wet and hanging over his forehead where it drips into his eyes.
He brushes past his brother and starts back for the apartment. Of course, the kid follows him.
“Oh, dear, it was nothing,” she smiles. “You need it more than I do.”
“Vic, this is my friend Cas. He just moved into Bay Cove,” Dean says.
other than fall quiet with a twist of his mouth and that fucking
“I said, what’s this town called, again?”
Dean doesn’t look at his dad and he focuses on breathing.
“I got legs, don’t I?”
Clutching the bat in one hand, Dean reaches the other out towards the switch on the wall for the floodlight that illuminates the entire pool deck. Wait - if there was someone out there, wouldn’t they have triggered the motion sensor on the light? Dean thinks this, and then hears a
“Eh,” Gabriel says nonchalantly. “Work and women, for the most part. I own Candy Kitchen - the ladies love that, kid, lemme tell ya.”
Cautious about leaning over the edge in case he were to lose his balance, Dean is about to give up and sit back on his heels when Cas breaks the surface directly below him. He comes out of the water and shakes his wet hair out of his eyes, splashing Dean in the process.
“I’m not an
In the bright lights, Dean notices for the first time that Jo has a red mark on her jaw that looks like it’ll bruise by morning. Stomach twisting, he looks away.
“Holy shit,” Dean whispers.
It takes longer than Dean anticipated to get down to the inlet, and it’s about nine fifteen when they find Jo and Ash on the boardwalk.
“Oh.”
“I always dream of you, Dean.”
“Good,” she says. “I’ll expect you.”
He lets himself believe that he’ll stay.
Dean collapses on the wet shore. He half expects to be met by people around him, rushing to help him where he’s washed up, asking him where his parents are - but it’s dark this time, and it’s just the two of them.
“It’s pretty lucky you found him, actually,” Dean adds, careful to keep his tone encouraging. “‘Cuz apparently he doesn’t trust the government or somethin’. So he won’t ask you for any paperwork, and he’ll probably pay you in cash.”
With the hand that’s slicked up, Cas wraps his fingers again around Dean and strokes him base to tip, making Dean’s breath catch.
Dean nods. “Yeah, I bet. Is it nice to have all that space?”
He can feel Cas staring at him as he shuffles some papers on the desk. He keeps his eyes down so he doesn’t have to watch when Cas finally turns and disappears down the hall.
The lady turns out to be a grumpy bitch in the morning, which doesn’t help Dean’s mood at all.
“Alastair,” he says, and he packs as much contempt and disgust into his voice as he can.
Hearing it come out of his mouth makes it feel like ice water’s been dumped down his spine. Cas’s eyes bore into the side of his face, but he avoids looking at him, instead watching his foot as he toes at the open driver’s side door, making it rock on its hinges.
“You got that?”
She advances towards Dean at that, her steely gaze assessing him, and Dean has to resist the urge to back up. Before she gets close, though, Cas steps neatly in front of him.
Castiel looks confused.
, and it wasn’t done.
But what if a huge wave comes, and he’s down here, where it’ll fill before he can scramble out?
Turning to Cas, Dean shakes his head. “So much for that.”
Drizzles are still falling idly on the concrete outside when Dean sets Cas up in room one late one night a few days later. Cas hasn’t stayed overnight in the tub in a while, using the pool or sleeping in Dean’s bed since they’d gotten back from the road trip. Though Dean feels guilty admitting it to himself, it was nice not having John around for a while so they could spend that time together without worrying.
Sam chatters excitedly as they get on and the operator checks that they’re secure, but Castiel stays quiet. Dean wonders if he’s nervous, and leans to see him over Sam’s head between them, catching his eye. He offers him a smile and a nod, trying to look reassuring, and Castiel smiles softly back.
“I prob’ly shouldn’t take another shot,” he says into her ear. “‘M pretty trashed.”
“Who the hell is
“Apparently, their bellies are just super bloated because they eat so much grass that has saltwater on it - ” Sam continues, pulling off his shirt when Dean gestures at him. He turns around and lifts his arms. “ - and then they have to drink extra water because the salt dehydrates them.”
“Yeah? So you didn’t have a problem with what I told you, you just didn’t want to date someone that - ”
“I will,” Sam assures patiently. “I won’t take it off. I promise.”
“Yeah, until they got into our food and tromped all over it. We should go there again some time, and you should come, Cas. You ever seen a pony before?”
Dean blinks. He has no idea about a color. He’s been so focused on each individual repair and replacement, he’d never put much thought into the thing actually being finished well enough to paint.
“Dean-o!” Andy calls with a grin.
Dean shifts a little in his seat. “All over, really. My dad moved us around a lot. I think it was something like twelve different states in the five years we were gone.”
“Wow. That’s a lot. Do they know you’re here?”
“Why now? Tell me, honestly. Why are you saying this shit now?”
“She’s an OC cop,” Sam says. “We know her real well because of how many times she’s had to bring Dean home,” he laughs, and Cas tilts his head in confusion. Dean swats at Sam’s head, but he ducks out of the way.
All of a sudden, Dean’s not sure if he can stand to hear it. Now that he knows it’s coming, he feels sick. He can feel them viscerally, the few days they have left. Breath catching in his throat before it can even reach his lungs, he slowly turns to face Cas.
“Just us.”
“Sam,” Cas whispers, crouching over Sam’s bed. He prods him. “Wake up.”
“It’s nine o’clock,” John answers his unasked question. “Get your ass up. Rufus is already working on the pool, and you need to ask him if he needs help.”
Dean nods, and feels his mouth turn up just a bit, but he can’t help but feel a particular sadness at the same time. “Yeah,” he says. “I know.”
Mulling over his words, Dean feels kind of impressed with the kid. Proud of him. He glances at his brother, this little person who every day does something that makes Dean realize he’s becoming somebody real. Somebody admirable.
“I’m starving,” Sam pipes up. “Let’s get food, too.”
Cas nods.
“Of course not,” he says. “You’ve got somewhere to be, right?”
“You’re not eating?” Sam asks as he slides into his chair.
Dean licks his lips, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. “What did you see?”
“Yes, sir.” Dean’s already backing towards the motel.
“Uh,” Dean says awkwardly, glancing around for someone else the man might be talking to, but finding no one nearby. “Yeah.”
“Almost there, Cas,” Dean pants under his weight. “You with me?”
“Uh. Sorry,” Dean clears his throat and reaches for another board.
Cas makes a surprised noise in his throat, but kisses back after a moment, his hand coming up to rest on the side of Dean’s neck. The pool water in Cas’s hair leaves a damp spot on Dean’s favorite pillow, but he doesn’t care. Settled half on top of Cas with one leg slotted between his, all Dean cares about is Cas’s mouth against his and the hand that’s hesitantly found its way up the back of Dean’s t-shirt.
Fourteen days.
“You watch your fucking mouth, Sam,” Dean points at him, and he’s satisfied to see his brother look properly chastised. He stands. “I’m done talking about this. I’m going to go see Jo.”
When Cas opens his mouth to reply, a voice over Dean’s shoulder cuts him off.
Cas makes a desperate sound as Dean pulls out of his reach to slide down his body, and Dean gives a warning squeeze to Cas’s thigh as he leaves wet kisses down his torso.
Rationally, he knows he’s not in danger standing at the bottom of the dry pool. What, he’s gonna
Dean doesn’t even notice that he’s pressing a thumb into his ribs until he looks over and catches Cas watching him quietly. He drops his hand and looks away.
,” Dean points out.
He says, “Yes, sir.”
Dean stops at a light and a family of four make their way across the coastal highway, loaded with beach bags and chairs. He glances at Castiel to his right, who has his eyes closed and his face tipped towards the sun, arm out the window. Dean catches himself smiling a little and looks away, the light turning green.
He does so slowly, sluggish in the heavy dark around him. No idea what time it is. He rolls over, the hairs on the back of his neck prickling with the shadows of his dream shifting in the back of his mind, seeping away. His phone is vibrating.
Sam glances at Dean, who smirks. “Nothing about how big of a nerd you are, don’t worry,” he says.
“You think it’s nerdy.”
“Yes,” Dean says with a roll of his eyes. “And you’re going first, big mouth.” Dean drops the duffel in the grass. “No, you dipshit. Check it out.”
“Huh?”
“Dean, I - ” Cas chokes out, mouth on the side of Dean’s jaw, and it’s then that Dean notices how Cas’s thrusts have become erratic, finally losing the control he was carefully maintaining.
“Sure,” he says, straightening. “How many?”
Momentarily caught in the almost golden-brown gaze that’s locked on him, Dean balks. This time, there’s something unmistakably familiar about the way the guy’s staring at him - as if he’s memorizing Dean’s face - and it causes a twinge beneath Dean’s ribs.
“It was you,” he says again.
It’s salty, and he chokes.
“I like him. He seems kind.”
“No. Come in here.” Dean rolls towards the wall, making room in his bed. Cas hesitates, but then starts to clamber under the blankets.
And then they’re scrambling up, crushing the grass around them in their haste, Dean hauling Cas to his feet by his shirt and shoving him in front of him in the direction of the car. They take off sprinting, following the trail of broken stalks that they tromped through on their way out. Dean’s heart is pounding in his ears and he urges Cas faster with a nudge between his shoulder blades.
“Is everything alright?”
“Watch the movie.”
They kiss lazily for a long moment, and when Cas finally pulls away, it’s with a gentle tug of Dean’s lower lip between his teeth. Dean groans softly, and takes his time opening his eyes.
“Eighteen,” Dean pulls into a spot and turns to look at Castiel. “How old are you?”
“Yeah, it’s - it’s more than okay,” Dean stutters, and he barely gets the words out before Cas is kissing him again.
Dean takes it all back.
Disquieted, he feels like he can’t sit still. He moves some things around on the desk. He picks up a newspaper from beside the computer and stares blankly at the front. He tosses it back down, scrapes a hand through his hair.
“You fucking bitch,” Alastair growls, and the fury in his voice makes him sound that much more dangerous. He lunges again, grappling at the back of Dean’s knee and dragging him back down as he tries to get his feet under him.
“Yes,” Cas responds easily. “They’re all my brothers and sisters.”
His shoulders tense, John emanates nervousness, and Dean sits completely still.
“That was so
Several minutes pass, the two of them with inches between them but an ocean’s width apart. Dean waits for Cas to reach for him, but the touch doesn’t come.
Cas still doesn’t meet his eye when he says, “I’m not sure yet.”
“Here. Put this around you.” Dean straightens up and hands it out to Castiel, who doesn’t take it immediately. Instead, he grabs Dean by the shoulder and looks into his eyes seriously, eagerness in his gaze.
Swiping the key off the nightstand silently, Dean gives Sam one more glance before slipping out the door. He locks it behind him carefully before twisting the knob and giving the door a shove to test it. Satisfied, he slips the key in the pocket of his sweatpants.
Thinking back, Dean realizes Cas must’ve hit Alastair, must’ve pushed him in to keep Dean from being the one with that fate. Dean wants to say something to him about it, but he doesn’t.
“Rufus,” Dean says, heading over to the other side of the pool. “Is there anything else you need me to do out here?”
Right - the whole “my brother’s boyfriend is a merman” thing.
“Chickens.”
“I see,” Dean says with a smirk. “I’m starting to get the impression you’re the rebel of the family, Cas.”
“So, you’re feeling better?” Dean asks as he rinses out his own toothbrush.
There’s silence as Dean snaps the lid shut on the toolbox. When he stands and finally turns, it’s so see Sam with his eyebrows raised and looking bewildered.
“My plan?”
“Well, you did,” Dean says.
Hands trembling a bit, Dean gets a generous amount of lube squirted over his fingers and takes Cas in his hand again. The lube really is so much better, sleeking the way as he pumps his fist over Cas’s cock. He gives a particularly firm squeeze under the head and Cas responds by closing his teeth around Dean’s nipple and giving a sharp nip. Dean twitches, his mouth falling opening with a surprised noise from in his throat.
“But still thirsty?” Dean squirts some soap over the bowls and starts scrubbing.
“We’re okay,” his dad says softly as Dean’s sobs begin to subside, his breath hitching so violently it wracks his little frame. “We’re gonna be okay. I know, kid, I know. Shh, we’re gonna be okay.”
His pants and underwear pushed almost to his knees, Dean hastily shoves his first two fingers in his mouth.
“We got a ways to walk, c’mon,” she says lightly.
All things considered, Dean thinks he’s doing pretty well. He’s never been to an aquarium before, and he was worried about how he’d be, surrounded by water and feeling like he has the ocean on all sides. Though he’s got an uneasy sort of hum beneath his skin as they walk past tank after tank, he manages to keep it under control, shoved to the back of his mind where he can ignore it.
“Me neither. We could watch a movie or somethin’ for a little?”
Dean nods with a chuckle. “Yeah. Little wobbly.”
“I can keep the raindrops off of me, if I put my mind to it. I can make them go around me.”
“It’s a drug. Do you guys have those in the ocean?”
“Really?” Sam asks, face lighting up.
, Dean thinks. He sure wouldn’t wanna be whatever poor schmuck gets chewed out by John Winchester at the outdoor furniture store.
“I know, Sam, this is kinda nuts. This is - ”
“I need - will you - ” Dean can’t get the words out, hardly even knows what he’s trying to ask for. “I want you to - ”
Though he makes a small, surprised noise, Cas kisses back. It’s brief, not much more than a peck, but when Dean pulls away he doesn’t go far.
They’re in the bathroom. His dad is sitting on the closed toilet lid with Dean in his lap. The water runs at Dean’s back, filling the tub, and his stomach is gripped fiercely with fear. Just like the other times, he can feel its eyes on him.
,” Alastair growls, and Dean nods.
“Stay here,” he whispers, and Cas nods. He looks like shit, and Dean worries he’ll sink to the ground as soon as he lets him go - and he does, sliding down the wall until he’s propped up on the cement with his legs tangled beneath him, head tipped back and eyes closed. Dean grits his teeth and leaves him with the dolphin, slipping back inside.
“Okay,” Dean puts the hammer down and straightens up.
“I’m probably not going, Sam,” Dean’s voice is hard, and he finally looks at his brother. “So leave it alone.”
“Fuck,” is all he gasps out. Cas chuckles at him.
In the middle of the dusty salvage yard, feet from the devastated car Dean had worked long to put back together, Bobby holds him until Dean feels like maybe he won’t crack open for all the parts of him to be swept away. Bobby stays with Dean while he cries like a little kid, angry at his father and missing Castiel and hating himself for not being enough for either of them.
“I like this game,” he says, not taking his intense stare off of it.
“Yeah, you too,” Dean says.
“Nothin’,” Dean had said, blinking up at his dad and rubbing sleep from his eye.
With that, he steps out of his father’s bedroom and he pulls the door shut behind him. His heart beats heavy in his ears and he takes a steadying breath.
“You need to. You shouldn’t stay here.”
. To the humans?” Naomi sneers, and there’s the sound of Zachariah scoffing. “To
“Into
“Well, do you want to go?”
“No problem,” she says, and she grins. “I’ll take one off you.”
Cas pulls back, eyebrows drawn together. He blinks down at Dean. “Go somewhere?”
Mouth twisting with the effort to hold back an undoubtedly ridiculous smile, Dean leans in and kisses him to keep himself from saying something else ludicrous.
,” Dean insists, casting a furtive glance around for any nearby renters. It must still be early enough that no one’s out of their rooms.
The game starts, and Dean goes over the rules with Cas as they play, and it’s actually… not bad. Cas is on his left, and Cassie’s just a few people to his right, and Jo’s across the table, and as much as he expected this to be terribly uncomfortable, it’s really not.
Alastair gets a fistful of his t-shirt and tries to drag him backwards, but Dean is ready. He uses the momentum to shift back onto his heels and he twists, fast, lifting his elbow and driving it into the side of Alastair’s head. Alastair stumbles back, and Dean uses the opportunity to spring to his feet and dodge away.
He turns his head to glance at Cas, and smiles despite himself. Cas is facing him, his eyelashes fanned across his cheeks and his breathing deep and even. Dean studies the way the early morning light limns the ends of Cas’s hair from where it comes in the window over his shoulder, and he tries to match his breathing.
“She’s been fighting me on this for years, trying to get me to tell you guys. She knew how unfair it was that you didn’t know, and I kept promising her I’d tell you but I didn’t - I never had the guts.”
“What, you hate this girlfriend already?” Dean jokes. “You haven’t even met her.”
When Dean finally pulls away to catch his breath, Cas keeps his mouth on him, kissing over his chin and around to his jaw. Dean turns his head, allowing Cas trail his lips along the tendon of his neck. Dean’s throat bobs as he swallows.
“When I’m nervous.”
“Beer?”
Dean breathes in deep, and lets it out slow. “All these people were around me, freaking out. But that’s - that’s it. I must’a passed out. The tide carried me in, is what they said. I would’ve drowned, but somehow I ended up on the beach.” He shakes his head. “Lucky, I guess.”
“No,” Castiel says. “I’ve never been to any boardwalk.”
It’s not until he hits the parking lot that he slows. He looks up from his feet as he approaches the apartment, and it’s when he finds Cas standing outside that he finally pulls up. He eases to a walk, and when he comes to a stop he does so a few meters from Cas. They regard one another in the dim parking lot, one of the street lamps burnt out and the moon, as near to full as it is, not doing much to help. Cas is fully dressed.
Even shaded by the brim of his cap, Bobby’s eyes are sharp on Dean as he studies him head to toe.
There’s still a troubled crumple to her brow when they turn and walk away, Dean anxious to be gone. Heart beating loudly in his ears for reasons he doesn’t quite understand, he tightens his grip around the handle of the toolbox.
” he blurts, and he turns and stalks off angrily, Jo laughing behind him.
Sam hesitates, apparently unwilling to let go of whatever he was about to say.
“Now I’m hungry,” he says, grinning.
When Cas looks at him, Dean finds that he can’t meet his eye. He stares down at the table instead, where he picks at some crusted food with a thumbnail.
Dean nods. Just before she goes, Jo reaches out and touches Dean on the cheek, only lightly. It makes him think of her mom.
“Dean - ” comes Cas’s voice, but Dean only gets a glimpse of him lunging forward, Alastair’s crony - Azazel, that was his name - reaching an arm out to stop him, his other arm holding Jo back, before Alastair is in his face again and fuming.
They’re sitting at a picnic table outside the 24 hour Dairy Queen on 22nd street. It’s a nice night, hot but breezy, so they’d decided to walk there and hang out for a bit. Sam didn’t get back from his day trip with Ellen and Jo until almost ten o’clock, but the kid still had a ton of energy Dean figured he should work off.
“Good,” John says, pleased. “I’ve got some stuff to go over with Rufus tonight, so - ”
“Are you
“Sorry,” he whispers. “For being weird.”
They walk a hundred or so yards down the sandy path and then they’re at the end of it. The little trail opens up to a grassy field at the very tip of the tiny peninsula, surrounded on three sides by water. It’s secluded, the only lights visible from across the bay, and the only sound is lapping water and a distant gull.
“There are so many houses.”
“Your field trip,” Dean says quickly, remembering. “Right, yeah, I know. That’s today.”
“So what do you think?” John asks.
Dean sits there for a long while after Sam’s gone. He chews a hole on the inside of his cheek until he tastes blood. He wraps his arms around himself and squeezes, leaning forward to press his forehead against the steering wheel. He watches his pendant swing and he breathes through his mouth. He feels claustrophobic, thinks about getting out of the car, but doesn’t.
“Are to.” He slides his hands over Cas’s waist, stepping into his space, and Cas brings his arms up to loop around Dean’s neck.
Dean swallows. “Anyway,” he tries to change the subject. “I’m surprised you’re awake.”
Dean rolls his eyes, and Sam stalks back to the living room.
Dean does a double take. “
“I prefer this anyway,” he says.
“Hello,” Cas says with a nod. He seems intrigued by Ash, and Dean doesn’t blame him. He does take some getting used to.
,” Dean says.
“Dean,” his dad says, and his voice is soft and Dean doesn’t know why but it makes him want to cry. “Come on, kiddo. First day back at school tomorrow, tonight’s the night.”
“A what?”
“What’s
The screen door smacks open as Bobby steps onto the porch. He’s got a glass of iced tea in his hand and is wearing a scowl, but his face clears at the same time that Frazier stops barking, the both of them recognizing who it is.
“Just a little.”
“You’re not a kid anymore. I shouldn’t have to be on you about this shit, you should know better.”
“There’s a mer
“Dean, come on,” his dad calls, and he sounds mad - or maybe he sounds afraid, or tired - but lately it’s been hard to tell the difference. His voice is getting closer. “Don’t do this, bud.”
Ultimately, Dean shakes his head. “It was an accident.”
Castiel averts his eyes. “Well - ”
Dean doesn’t remember the last time he and Sam travelled this far from the motel in any direction, particularly over this way, and seeing the Bridge for the first time in years catches him by surprise. It’s abrupt, the way Route 50 veers west again and then all of a sudden the Chesapeake Bay is ahead of them, huge and gleaming. The three of them collectively take an astonished breath.
Nothing. There’s no one out there.
Dean gives a half shrug, kicks at Sam’s foot under the table. “Well, as long as you thought so.”
Before he knows it, Dean comes up on the stretch of shore behind the Bunker, and despite all the time he had he still isn’t quite sure where to start. The words flutter around in his gut.
Dean turns back to his work.
“She was Cas’s.”
Sam makes a small disappointed noise but Dean doesn’t dwell on it, and he feels Cas’s eyes on the side of his face.
He does everything he can to avoid looking at Cas, because he can imagine the look of concentration he’s probably wearing as he sands - tongue tucked into the corner of his mouth and eyebrows drawn down seriously - and he doesn’t want to see it. He doesn’t want to see the way his arms look, biceps and shoulders strong under his t-shirt as they flex to hold up the sander. And he doesn’t want to see how Cas looks at him when he glances over the hood of the car.
“Uh, still won’t start,” Dean scratches at the back of his head. “I’ve got a list of reasons why, and I’m working through it. We might need to order a few things.”
Cas flinches at that, hurt flashing across his features.
“Sam.”
Cas looks pleased at that, and Dean shakes his head.
“Yeah, thanks,” Dean says, dropping the hood of the car back down.
“Doing what?”
He scrambles off of Cas onto the seat next to him, Cas’s hands falling away from him reluctantly. Dean kicks off his shoes and shoves at his pants and boxers hastily, getting them down and around his ankles. Cas chuckles at him when they get tangled, Dean trying furiously to kick them off, and they’re still hanging from one foot when Dean gives up with a “Fuck it,” and clambers back to bracket Cas’s lap with his naked thighs.
“But ever since then, I was even more enchanted. By - humanity. For years, I was, until I finally got the gills to come on land.”
Cas strokes him and long and slow, Dean’s back arching with the feeling. In turn, he works Cas’s pants open until he has him, hot and heavy, in his hand. Cas’s lips falters on his own as he does, and he feels his breath stutter in his mouth. He matches the movement of his wrist with Cas’s so they’re jerking each other in unison, swiping his thumb through the precome beading at the tip to slick the way. Dean’s mouth waters at the feeling of Cas in his hand, and that’s when, again, he remembers the bottle in his pocket.
The three of them had gone to Dairy Queen late, later than Sam should’ve been awake to be perfectly honest, and are sitting around a picnic table eating their ice cream when Sam asks Cas if he has to work the next day.
Dean smiles at the cat. He strokes down her back before bending over to kiss the top of her soft head.
“Castiel,” the merman says.
“Okay. Um, cool.” Dean swallows. “You can kiss me now.”
“Wow,” Sam gasps.
“In my room,” Sam calls back.
Dean grunts in pain but it’s drowned out by the sound of the door slamming. Stumbling back a step, he claps a hand over his eye as his vision bursts with fireworks. Right eye streaming beneath his palm, his cheekbone throbbing sharply, he glares daggers at the car with his left.
“It’s okay,” Dean insists with a shake of his head, watching Cas’s mouth around the swear word that sounds so fucking hot coming from his lips. “It’s okay, really - ”
“Do you want to go see?”
“Saturday,” Dean says.
“Can I pick out a candy? Just one?”
“Thank you. I’ll set some blankets up on the floor.”
Dean feels his own smile twist into something else, something wistful and almost sorrowful. His stomach feels tight.
“Yeah, I guess,” Dean says.
“Would you like me to stay in room one?” Cas whispers, and Dean shakes his head through the dark, pulling off his wet jeans and throwing them aside.
Dean sighs. Accepting he’s not getting anywhere with the engine parts at the moment, he tosses down an oil pan that has a hole rusted through it and stands, brushing dirt from his knees. Dean meanders over to the car and rests a forearm across the top of the open doorway, leaning in.
Without warning, Cas loops an arm around Dean’s waist and twists his body, flipping them completely so Dean’s pressed flat on his back with Cas on top of him.
It’s only the two of them in the apartment. Dean hasn’t seen John at all this morning, and Sam said he hadn’t either when Dean asked him. Vaguely, as much as he tells himself he doesn’t care, Dean wonders if his dad really slept in the car until morning. He’s distracted as he cleans up the breakfast mess, glancing towards the kitchen door at every sound from outside that could possibly be someone coming into the apartment.
Without looking at him, Cas shrugs. “Among other things.”
“Yeah. It’s kinda shitty, the mattress is old, but - ”
“Get your pants off, if you can,” Dean instructs over his shoulder, and he hears Cas fumbling to oblige.
Leaning over him, Dean presses his lips to Cas’s warm shoulder. He twists his wrist on the upstroke, and he hears Cas’s breath hitch in his ear. He clutches at Dean’s sides.
It’s John’s turn to look away. He faces the window, the moonlight highlighting the sharp edge of his nose, the way his jaw flexes tensely. It’s a long moment before he speaks and when he does his voice has hardened, but is not ungentle.
“No, Jo, fuck that.”
“When you left,” Castiel says, sounding careful, “where did you go?”
Cas tilts his head, confused. “Paperwork?”
When he heads back for the apartment, he tries to walk the same path he came. He scans for his footprints in the sand but they’ve since shifted away, a secret between him and the beach. Before going inside he rinses his feet in the outdoor faucets, wipes them dry on the mat. He goes looking for Sam.
He’s immediately rewarded when Cas surges upward, boosting himself halfway out of the water with his elbows on either side of Dean, and captures his mouth in another searing kiss. Dean’s almost taken a little aback, but he’s quick to recover and he goes with it.
“Shelly, the dolphin.”
As tired as he is, Dean doesn’t sleep. It feels like there’s a buzzing inside him, and he can still smell the ocean clinging to his skin. Each time he almost drops off, he imagines the crashing of the tide and he’s jolted awake.
“Sam, close that box up when you’re done, okay?” Dean says, shoving the rest of his donut in his mouth and brushing off his hands as he strides out of the kitchen.
One thing that Dean can’t help but notice over these couple of weeks, with Cas sometimes in bed with him and sometimes not, is that a pattern develops with his nightmares. Ever since the disaster of him waking up and absolutely losing it, thinking he was going to die right then and there with Cas watching, he doesn’t have any bad dreams on the nights that he and Cas are entangled under the blankets. He knows that isn’t a coincidence.
“I thought I was angry, Cas. But I was scared. Scared of - of us, scared of how I felt, scared that losing you would hurt more than I could handle, and I wanted to prove that it wouldn’t and that wasn’t fair to you.”
“How’s it going?”
“This is private property,” Dean growls. “You should leave. And take the rotten fish smell with you.”
That soft light glows from between Cas’s lips, and the open-mouthed kiss he lays on Dean radiates warmth and before his eyes, the bruise heals.
,” Sam lowers his voice.
Grinning, Castiel jumps up, letting the blanket fall. “I would love to,” he says, and he makes for the door.
Dean smiles back. “C’mon. Let’s go to bed.”
“Oh,” Dean says, dropping his gaze to his feet. He rubs a palm over the back of his neck. “About that…”
“Well, I’m glad that you’re back,” Castiel says, and Dean looks up, a little puzzled at that. He opens his mouth to say something but is interrupted when someone comes up to their table.
Dean nods. “Yeah. I don’t know, I just really didn’t like it. It was the farthest I’d ever been from the kid, and it made me nervous, you know? Usually it’s the older one who’s supposed to be happy to have their kid brother out of their hair, but - ” Dean shakes his head. “I slept on Sam’s floor for almost a year after we got back. My dad hated that.”
“Let’s go this way,” he murmurs, and steers Cas to the right through a parking lot. “Wanna walk on the beach?”
“Pushy, much?” Dean mutters, but he shuffles over on his knees. “Fine, here.”
Dean hesitates. “Yeah, sure.”
Cas smiles at that, a soft set to his mouth and pride in his eyes. Dean has to look away before he blushes, but he reaches over and squeezes the top of Cas’s thigh.
He just needs to grab the net again, finish getting the seaweed out, sweep the deck, and then he can go back inside to his warm, dry bed and not think about the stupid pool again until tomorrow. Yep, that’s exactly what he’s gonna do. Now, where did he put the -
“I had fun, too,” says Cas, eyes softening in the moonlight. “It felt like an adventure.”
“Alright,” Cas says, dropping his hand from where he was biting anxiously at his thumbnail. “Thank you for the ride.”
“Where was the hospital he called from? Minnesota, wasn’t it?”
“Like I said, it’s fine,” Dean says to his feet. He clears his throat. “Listen, you should get some sleep. I’ve got a few more hours at the front desk, you should go back to my room.”
“You take very good care of him.”
“I agree.”
“This is it,” Jo says as they approach a townhouse, and from outside the distant sounds of music and voices can be heard.
“Well, thank you for the towels, my child.” Missouri says, and she smiles as though she didn’t just totally weird him out.
He trails off weakly when Sam shakes his head.
“Dean,” Jo calls as they approach. “Headshot, one on one?”
Cas makes an indignant noise, but it changes to something different when Dean turns back and re-captures his mouth. Dean presses in close, forcing Cas backwards until he’s on his back on the mattress, and Dean follows.
” Cas’s eyes are wide as he braces one hand on the dashboard so he can peer out the window.
Dean must’ve let his disquietness show on his face because Cas’s eyebrows pull together in a frown.
“Of course,” she says, but continues to peer at him. “You tell little Sam I say hello, now.”
“Dunno,” Sam says. “Might go to the beach.”
“Ready?” Lisa asks Dean with a smirk, and he nods at her.
heard of playin’ along?” Gabriel shakes his head in disappointment. When Dean says nothing, he rolls his eyes. “‘Bout twenty years, give or take. I looked just a little older than you when I got here.” He sweeps his eyes over Dean. “More handsome, though.”
“He’s my friend, too, Dean. And I’m tired of how you’re treating him.” Sam pauses, and Dean braces himself. “He doesn’t have to stick around, you know. If you keep treating him like this, you’re gonna push him away.”
“Bobby,” Dean says, and finally looks up at him. “I know.”
“Fuck,” Cas says, and he cracks the can the rest of the way open and tosses it back.
So why does he feel so nervous all of a sudden? His sweeping slows, and he stills. No, he’s being ridiculous. He breathes. He’s fine.
“You wanna go in the pool?” Dean asks. Cas shrugs.
“I applied to College Park last year, and I got in. So I’m gonna go.”
Dean’s been avoiding Sam, too, and the conversation the kid’s probably dying to have with him about the whole thing. Personally, he’d rather not.
Eventually, the two of them head inside. The truck isn’t outside the apartment, and Dean doesn’t bother thinking about John sitting at the bar at the Roadhouse. Sam’s still awake, which is surprising even though it’s Saturday. Though he says he just wasn’t tired yet, Dean thinks it’s more likely he was waiting for Dean and Cas to get home before going to bed.
“No. It’s fine, it’s just a scratch.”
“We can take it down, if you think - ”
Dean licks his lips. “But it sounds like it’s coming from up front, so it’s probably not that.”
They make it all the way to the lobby without Dean saying a word, and though Dean half expects Cas to break the awkward tension, he keeps quiet.
“But then again, I guess I’ve been dreaming about you for the past twelve years, huh?”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says. “We were gonna play pong, but the line’s really long.”
“Oh,” Jo says, and he knows she’s smirking, and he feels his face heat. “Right. Well, bring Cas tonight. He’s cool, we like him.”
“How is it a boardwalk blaze if Andy’s not coming?”
“I was - ” Dean’s voice cracks and he clears his throat. “I was working - ”
He pushes Sam’s door open with a muted creak to tip his head in, finding the kid sprawled on his back and breathing deeply. For a long moment he stands in the doorway and watches Sam sleep - he’s always been envious of the way the kid could just knock out, not to be disturbed for hours - before he realizes that he hasn’t moved. Mentally shaking himself, he pulls the door most of the way shut and heads across the hall for his own room.
he thinks, even as he struggles more and more, losing the fight to stay calm.
“How does she feel?” Cas calls over the sound of the air blowing through the windows.
“We’re very discreet,” Castiel shrugs. “At least, we’re supposed to be.”
“Naomi said something that I didn’t understand,” Dean says. He watches Cas’s face closely, can see his carefully blank expression in the dim lighting. “She said something about ‘drying yourself out.’ What does that mean?”
“Thanks, Benny,” Dean nods at him as he walks away. When he turns back to Castiel, he finds him staring. “What?”
Dean bursts out with a laugh. “Oh yeah? Cas, you badass.”
“I’m gonna go for a run,” he says, and finally turns to his brother. They look at each other for a long moment.
“What?” When Dean turns, he finds Cas staring at him, and he squirms a little uncomfortably. “
“Your stomach’s been hurting?”
“No worries. I’ll be around all weekend, so just come over when you’re free. I’ve got the garage set up for you, you can pull her in there.”
He doesn’t know where the shore is. He was on the dock, and now he’s underwater and he’s it’s in his lungs. His eyes burn with saltwater as he strains them, limbs thrashing, but the current is strong and he can’t get his muscles to cooperate.
“Cas.”
Cas is a whole different story.
The fish tank bubbles softly, a reassuring sound, and Dean thinks it could soothe him to sleep but there are things that Sam deserves to know.
“Thanks,” Dean says with a fake smile as he takes it, a hint of sarcasm in his voice. He uses the guy’s lighter, too, the shitty plastic kind you get at the gas station, and inhales until the end burns bright and he feels the smoke smart his lungs. Across the dock, past the glowing tip of the cigarette and through the heads of some people, he catches Cas’s eye. With his thumb and forefinger, he takes the cigarette from his lips, blowing smoke from the corner of his mouth.
“I’m gonna go back in,” he says quietly. “I don’t wanna leave Sammy too long.”
Dean catches Cas’s eye, and Cas steps towards the stove.
Dean just nods, hums a little.
“No,” Dean says. He hesitates, glancing at Sam to catch him rolling his eyes. “Well, he won’t love it.”
Footsteps getting louder, stopping. The door creaks open and Dean holds his breath. He hears his dad sigh.
“I like the seats.”
Cas studies Dean’s face for a moment, before a smile creeps over his mouth. “There are a few that I consider to be close to me.”
As soon as they’re gone, Cas rounds on him.
“What?” Cas says, hips already moving erratically and his other hand around Dean’s jaw. “What, Dean?”
“Yes, it is,” Cas says.
There’s the vague memory of a vice grip around his lungs, and he rubs absently at his chest with the side of his thumb.
Over the threshold of the low building, Dean feels Castiel hesitate next to him, and he turns to him.
A dreamcatcher. It’s small, the hoop about the size of his palm, and it’s intricately assembled, tiny seashells woven in. He tries to remember what Missouri had said about the gift those months ago, wonders if she made it herself. The feathers are soft between his fingers. He’d never gone back to thank her for it, but now it feels too late.
Castiel nods and they sit, side by side in the sand. Dean draws patterns in it with a stick, every once in a while glancing at Cas as he drinks from his straw.
While Gabriel turns back to the water, Dean’s mind still whirs.
“Cool. You hungry? Did you eat something when you got home?”
Dean looks at Cas’s honest expression and smiles a little.
He remembers fingers fumbling at the front of his life jacket, he remembers his dad yelling, his face close, he remembers the feeling of the floor beneath his feet rocking violently, and then there’s water.
“Okay, actually, we can’t really explain, but - ”
Dean says nothing, and eyes the people in the pool warily as they make their way past. He’s hung out with Cas by the Bunker’s pool more than once now, but that’s just the two of them, and it’s quiet, and it’s not nearly as chaotic as this. This many people make him feel crowded near the pool.
Despite his insistence that he feels fine, Cas looks a little pale to Dean as they cruise down the two-lane highway. He’s got a pinched look about him and he downs the bottle of water in just a few minutes, but when Dean opens his mouth again to say something, with worry creasing his brow, Cas shoots him a look.
As the day had waded on, however, Dean found himself checking his phone more and more periodically. He hadn’t heard from John since he’d left Friday night, since their argument in the kitchen, and Dean found himself getting progressively uneasy about his approaching return. Being too anxious to sit around the apartment and wait, wondering of the state John may come back in, Dean had left for a run.
Squeezing through all the drunk teenagers, Dean follows Andy towards the back door. As soon as they’re outside on the stoop, the noise drops significantly. Dean lets his eyes adjust to the dark, and he blinks at the people sitting on the stair.
Ash laughs, but Dean does not.
“You weren’t thinking of drying yourself out for this boy, were you, Castiel?”
Rolling his eyes, Dean lets Cas lead them further along.
“Yeah,” Dean says, nodding. “Yeah, Cas, I want you to - ”
“Um. You’re welcome to read my books, or something, if you’d like,” Dean gestures at the stack on the nightstand, but Castiel isn’t paying attention.
“Can I - ” Castiel whispers, indicating the lotion as he squeezes a bit out into his hand.
“Uh - maybe, Ellen,” Dean shuffles through the swinging half-door. “I told Bobby I’d work a shift for him Tuesday.”
Dean gets him down the hall and out of the apartment as quickly as he can. He stops just outside and leans Cas against the side of the building.
“I definitely won,” Cas pants, and Dean punches him in the shoulder with a loud laugh.
“You’re lucky he didn’t kill you, you know that?” Jo ignores Cas and keeps yelling. “You stupid asshole, I swear - ”
“Cas should go on the ferris wheel,” Sam says. “So we can show him stuff.”
“Jesus, Dean, finally!” Jo says dramatically as Dean and Cas approach. “You’re late.”
He continues to let his gaze wander until inevitably it lands on Cas. A few people between them, Dean can just make out the side of his face, the curve of his nose and the edge of his jaw as he looks down to talk to someone. It’s a girl - dark hair and fair skin, and she’s laughing as though something Cas said was just hilarious, and she reaches out and puts a hand on his forearm.
“Yeah, fine,” Dean says, trying to school his expression into something more impassive.
“Were you dreaming? You were twitching.”
Dean scrubs a hand roughly through his hair. “Yeah, okay.”
“Okay,” Cas says carefully, his frown slowly returning. Dean looks away.
“Shut up,” Dean says, but he’s laughing now. “Those are terrible suggestions.”
powers?”
Cas nods. “On myself.”
“Cas. When’s he done with work?”
“I couldn’t sleep,” Cas responds quietly.
Dean swallows, his heart slowing and his stomach finally unravelling.
“Okay,” Dean nods. “I’m gonna go make Sammy some breakfast. Come back whenever you’re ready, okay?”
The ocean sits with him, but is indifferent.
When Cas comes back a second time not even a minute later, Dean’s already asleep again, lying on his stomach with his face turned towards the wall. He’s jolted back awake, however, when Cas’s ice cold toes make contact with the backs of his calves.
Dean sighs, but he gets to work.
They hang out at Dairy Queen for well over an hour before they finally all decide it’s time to head home.
Dean rounds on him, and Cas brings his hands up to defend himself as he backs away. He’s got a shit-eating grin on his face, knowing he’s being a pain in the ass, and Dean advances on him.
Dean’s been avoiding his own room for days, and after he’d spent three nights on the couch his dad had finally said something about it. That third morning, when John had stood over Dean in the living room with a cup of coffee and a tired scowl and asked what was wrong with his bed, Dean couldn’t do much more than shrug. He figured then it was time to go back to his room.
“Bones is hiding,” Castiel says, frowning at the tank.
The three of them hang out in front of the TV until Sam and Cas fall asleep. Dean finally nudges both of them awake and they all shuffle down the hall together to their respective beds.
Just for a chance to swim, Cas stays in the pool Wednesday night while John’s at the Roadhouse. Dean hangs out with him, and has the courage to put his feet in the water again. He likes watching Cas move under the surface, tail shimmering, and he finds it easier than last time to dangle his feet over the edge.
They play Marco-Polo, which Sam also insists that Cas cheats at whether he’s the one searching or the one swimming away. Though he couldn’t say exactly how Cas was doing it, Sam claims he must have some sort of echolocation or something. Cas just shrugs at that, grinning.
“Dean, can I - ”
“I guess being in the pool isn’t really the same, huh?” Dean says with a wry smile. Cas tips his head in an approximation of a shrug. “You can’t just go out there for a dip if you want to?”
“Right. I remember.”
Dean glances at Cas over his shoulder. “Nah, it’s alright. You can keep me company, though.”
“Please,” Cas adds, and Dean meets his gaze.
“Wait - ” Dean catches his wrist. “You need a shirt. And underwear.”
Raising his head, Dean spots Jo waving at him over the shoulders of the tourists crowding the boardwalk. Dean lifts a hand in greeting and starts weaving her way.
“Sure, Cas,” Dean says, and lets out a chuckle. “You’re not stuck here, man.”
“Can I leave this here and go in the water?” Sam asks, looking to Dean.
And it was Sam, six years old but going on sixty and wise, who had suggested Dean run. Because Sam knew, when he was hyper and couldn’t sit still, his big brother would make him run around to burn off his extra energy, and it usually worked.
“Are you going in the pool tonight, Cas?” Sam asks.
Too agitated to sit still, he spends the remaining time of his shift alternating between sitting and tapping the bat against his leg and pacing behind the desk. He nearly forgets that some lady in room twelve asked for a 5:15 wake-up call, and is two minutes late when he picks up the phone and dials her room.
Something lodges in Dean’s throat and he’s choked off, unable to go on for a long moment. He stares up at the ceiling, throat working, and avoids looking at Cas, but he can feel his gaze on the side of his face.
Dean must still be wearing a ridiculous, dopey smile as he hangs up because he turns around to see both Sam and Jo grinning.
It’s dark and it’s quiet under here otherwise, and he has to concentrate on bringing air in and pushing it out. The stuffy heat makes his arms and his neck prickle, but if he just keeps his eyes on Sammy he’s convinced he’ll be okay. Just look at Sammy, and he won’t be scared. As long as Sammy’s okay, Dean will be.
For the first time tonight, his dad looks straight at him. Even from where he’s stooped in the passenger seat, clothes mussed and dark eyes heavy with alcohol, his direct gaze still manages to make Dean’s skin prickle.
“What’s the difference?”
Finally, John scoffs and reaches over his shoulder, gropes clumsily for his seatbelt. It clicks into place and Dean counts his breaths, concentrating on keeping them slow. When he gets to six, he starts the car.
For a moment, Dean and Cas regard one another in the hush after Sam’s departure. Finally, Cas starts to chuckle. Shaking his head in disbelief at the entire situation, Dean can’t help but smile too.
“A friggin’
“Nah, kid,” he says, his voice gruff. “None of that. Just promise me you’ll treat her right.”
“Alright. Thank you,” Cas says as Dean stands. “I’m looking forward to meeting Bobby. And Frazier.”
“Yeah, that’s true.”
“Well, you can get on outta here now and get some sleep, honey,” Ellen smiles softly at him, and Dean glances away. Something about Ellen always gets to him - how she looks at you has a way of making you feel so much better but so much worse at the same time, like you want to let her hug you but you know it’s probably not a good idea because it might make you cry embarrassingly. It’s probably that rough-around-the-edges but soft-and-motherly-on-the-inside thing she’s got going on. Dean’s always felt about equally afraid of her and like he wants her to brush her fingers over his hair, and it freaks him out. And right now, with his stomach in knots and his heart still lodged halfway up with throat, he feels a little too fragile to be coddled.
Dean thinks of how it had felt in that room, with the ocean surrounding them but having no idea they were there, indifferent to their stares, until Castiel had stepped up to the glass. The moment is etched into Dean’s memory, and he keeps returning to it as they walk back to the car.
“I’m teasing.”
Luckily, however, all of them are still on the back steps when the cops come in the front, so they have more than enough warning to get the hell out of there.
“Okay,” Sam says. No whining, or bitching about being left out. Dean’s almost disappointed.
“Oh, trust me, I know,” he says, and he can’t quite keep the resentment out of his voice. “It’s
“I’d like that,” Cas says, and he bites back a grin.
Slowly, Cas smiles, his head leaning lazily against the side of the tub. “Come here.”
“A six,” he says. “What does that mean?”
Dean feels hyper aware of Cas’s proximity beside him as they eat their pizza. Are they sitting too close? Their thighs aren’t touching, but Dean thinks he can feel the heat of Cas’s leg against his. Is that too close?
Castiel, you have drifted farther than we had ever feared.” There’s a pause, and Dean can feel in the silence that Naomi is preparing to pull her trump card, and his stomach turns. Voice turned dangerously soft, she says, “What will Anael think of you?”
He must drift off at some point, though, because eventually, the dreams come. They feel like they always do - like strong currents pulling at his limbs, like water in his lungs. The heat. He never sees or hears anything in particular, but there’s always the feeling. Like drowning.
Dean shakes his head. “I’m not really sure what happened. I remember - water. Everywhere. I must’ve fallen off the boat, or gotten knocked off, or - I don’t know. But my lifejacket was gone. I had been taking swimming lessons, before, but I couldn’t - I couldn’t find the surface.”
Dean nods. His stomach aches dully.
Of course.
“Can we talk?”
Dean nods, encouraging him to go on.
Grinning, Sam bends down and starts setting up the canisters in a row. He directs Cas and Jo, telling them where he wants everything, before shooing them back where Dean is so he can light them up.
not with Sammy.
Dean nods, taking stock of himself. His heart’s beating faster than normal, but he’s breathing okay and his stomach is behaving. “Yeah. I’m okay.”
“Do it,” Cas says, voice deep and commanding and so fucking hot.
“Are you guys starving?” Jo asks.
After a pause, John nods. “Sure,” he says softly. “Yeah, I understand. But I just want you to know, though, she’s not - she’s not the bad guy here, okay?”
Thankfully, the lobby’s empty. Dean doesn’t remember who was on the schedule to work the front desk, but all that matters is there’s no one there now.
The ride ends before any of them want it to, slowing down and lowering to the ground. They clamber off of it, Cas stumbling a little as he finds his feet.
“So, uh,” Dean says as they head back to his room. “I don’t know what you’ve got planned for the day, but I have to do some work around here this morning.” He rubs the back of his neck. “You’re welcome to hang out here, or, I don’t know - ”
“No,” Cas pants. “I mean,
“Three fifty - ” Dean grabs Sam’s shoulder in anticipation.
Standing with his arms at his sides, Cas looks lost. His fists clench and unclench nervously, and Dean’s gut twists fiercely. This is it. This is the end.
Dean hesitates. He throws a look over his shoulder towards Jo and Sam, who had jogged ahead to where Ellen sits under their umbrella.
John hooks a beer from the top shelf of the refrigerator. When he straightens, Dean can’t help but think he looks tired.
He watches Cas as he rocks down onto him, the way his mouth is parted open a bit and he can see the glint of his tongue behind his teeth. His forehead shines dully with a thin layer of sweat, which Dean can feel cooly at his own lower back.
“Uh,” Dean glances at Cas. “Yeah, we are.”
-ing noise of disapproval. “So pathetically dependant on air, aren’t they?”
“It’s
“Alright,” Cas says.
Dean turns to the box of engine parts that Bobby had collected for him. Now’s a better time than any to get to sorting them.
Dean breathes. He looks at Cas and he concentrates on breathing, bringing air in and pushing it smoothly out. He breathes until he can match it with the tide, without it getting caught beneath his ribs.
“Hey, Dean,” Bobby calls from the porch, looking pleased to see him. Dean approaches the house, letting Frazier lick his knuckles and giving the mastiff a perfunctory scratch on the head as he goes by. He stops just short of the porch steps, the dog standing at the end of his chain to sniff at his jeans.
He passes that off to him, too.
When Dean wakes up around nine the following morning, he has to climb over Cas and Shelley the dolphin to get out of bed because the guy won’t budge. He just groans irritably and burrows deeper into the blankets when Dean prods at him. Dean would find it endearing if he didn’t have to pee so bad.
Dean lifts his head at that. “What do you mean? You’re not going that far. Besides, Andy’s not leaving, either.”
“Dancing,” Dean murmurs into the skin below his ear. He feels Cas’s chuckle ghost across his neck.
“This is what a car should look like,” Dean says, and opens the door for him when Castiel doesn’t look like he’s going to. “Here, get in.”
“Woah,” Dean whispers. “But you still breathe air, too?”
“Yeah, Bobby, hey,” Dean says, too quickly, voice way too high.
They’d barely said five words to one another since. Cas had slept in room one that night, but Dean hadn’t set it up for him.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean says. He wants to say more to them, wants to apologize for being a dick the past week - for not answering texts, for being absent, for being a shit friend - but his voice sticks in his throat. When he can’t get the words out, Andy shakes his head.
“Wait - you’re aging?” Dean says, perplexed. “I mean, quicker than you would in the water.”
She sure does have an accent. Dean feels his eyebrows quirk when he hears it, and avoids looking at Jo because he’s sure whatever expression on her face will make him laugh. They all wave and nod and murmur their hellos.
Back at the Bunker, Dean parks beside his dad’s truck outside of the apartment. The two of them get out and Dean leads the way to the door. Before they get there, though, Dean sees someone waving at them in his peripheral vision and he turns.
- Jesus. We all know who you are.”
Dean thinks.
,” Dean sighs. There’s the net, floating innocently several feet from the edge. Dammit. Now what? He can’t exactly go in there and get it.
“Nothing,” he says with a shake of his head. “Just wanna be with you.”
longer.
“Here,” he says. “Flick the switch to turn it on.”
“Dean,” Cas murmurs, pulling his hand away gently. Jaw tight, Dean doesn’t allow his fist to relax, keeping it clenched. “Breathe.”
“I’ve had practice,” he says nonchalantly.
“I’m not,” Dean drops the ketchup, and the cap pops open, squirting its contents over the vinyl flooring. “Fucking - ”
“I thought that went quite well,” Cas says.
In the meantime, Dean takes a shower. He stands under the warm spray until it turns cold, letting it wash the blood and saltwater off of him and take it down the drain. Both his elbow and the back of his neck sting painfully, but he ignores it. He shampoos his hair twice. Even after he shunts the valve off he stands there a few minutes longer. He gets out slowly, and he dresses.
“It’s very nice,” Cas nods, skimming a palm across the smooth surface. He tips his head thoughtfully. “Sam’s a good swimmer.”
“Shit, Dean,” Jo mutters as he finally coughs, and hands the last of the joint to Cas.
Frazier licks at Dean’s wrist, and even though he slobbers over Dean’s jeans, it makes him smile.
“I know I owe you an explanation,” John says stiltedly to his hands, while Dean tries to ignore the way his stomach is rolling. “And Sam. About - your brother.”
“So, like… were you
“Sam says you ‘have anxiety’.”
“Yeah, well, I’m busy. And Cas had work, so.”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean glances around for Rufus, and spots him messing around with the pool filter. “Lemme just check with Rufus. Go put your stuff down and eat something.”
“Sorry,” Dean says, and John relaxes when he sees who it is. He turns back to the fridge.
“Just - gimme fifteen minutes, I’ll be there.”
John looks right at him for the first time, and Dean stares back at eyes he thinks he’s never seen before.
Dean shakes his head with a smile.
In that moment, standing frozen at the edge of the ocean, his heart hammering in his chest and his lips parted in wonder, there are many things that should catch Dean’s attention.
“Yeah, sure.” Dean nods. “Just don’t - ”
Dean grabs his brother’s backpack from the corner of his room and unceremoniously dumps its contents onto the carpet.
“No,” Cas shakes his head. “I’d never trade you.”
There’s no way it’d be possible. For starters, he wouldn’t be able to convince his dad to allow it. He doubts he could afford even the crappiest apartment off campus. Orientation is at the end of next week, how could he possibly be prepared to leave by then?
“Dean,” Cas says from behind him. “I think that’s fine.”
“Hmph,” Bobby says finally. “I hope the door looks worse than you. You want a drink?”
“Ew, Cas,” Dean grabs the bag from him and looks at the front. “What the fuck?”
“I noticed, a couple times, that you called me ‘Cas,’” he says.
They gets dressed, Dean untangling his boxers from the leg of his pants where they’re still around his ankle and wrestling them both back on. Cas hikes his own jeans up his hips from where they slipped down past his ass. As Dean tugs his shoes back on, Cas creaks the driver’s side door open and steps out into the rain-sharpened sunlight. Dean grabs their shirts from the footwell and follows, blinking against the brilliance of the sun. He climbs from the car and nearly stumbles, stifling a gasp when his shaky legs almost don’t hold him. Cas catches his elbow.
Sam shrugs. “S’okay.”
“Hello,” Castiel says evenly.
Sam’s expression turns careful. “Can you, uh… can you still drive me?”
It’s not until he’s shunted the sink off and is flicking his hands dry that he really wonders what time it is, and suddenly he’s worried. He ducks back into the bedroom with an anxious pinch in his chest to see the analog clock on the dresser - 4:36pm.
“Are there trees inside that building?” Cas asks, intrigued. The entire top floor, several stories up and visible through the glass roof, looks like a rainforest.
“Alright.”
“You get the pool filters done?”
“Dean?”
Dean breathes, and he avoids looking at Cas. The bruises are tiny, and they’re usually not noticeable, and they’re not a big deal.
“Right,” he says.
Piled in the Impala, with their bags stuffed in the trunk and their snacks in the back seat with Sam, they head out. The sky is lightening gradually, the sun rising over the water and giving Coastal Highway a pale, warm feeling. Though they’re quiet as they set off, there’s a faint buzzing in the air of the car, an excitement stemming from the early morning and the spontaneity and the prospect of getting away.
“Thank you for the help, Dean,” Cas says. The color has returned to his face for the most part, and he’s breathing easier. “That was quite unpleasant.”
Cas chuckles and rolls towards him.
In his room, Dean drags some blankets and pillows off of his bed and arranges them on the limited floor space between his mattress and the dresser. Castiel gently places his water on the nightstand, and the dolphin on the floor next to his makeshift bed.
Dean lets Sam take over, passing over the lighter and the control of the fireworks, much to the kid’s elation. He mostly just stands back and watches, content just seeing how much the others are enjoying it. Sam lets Jo light the next few, and the both of them show Cas how to do a couple, too. Cas burns his thumb once, and while he’s mildly startled at first, staring at his thumb like he’s personally offended that the lighter would do that, it doesn’t keep him from wanting to light another one.
“You’re a virgin?” Dean says in disbelief. “How?”
“Is everything okay?”
“I’m really good at the shooting games,” Dean tells Castiel. “C’mon, there’s a two-player one we can try.”
When Dean checks the time, though, and finds that’s it’s nearly one o’clock in the morning, he announces that it’s time for Sam to wrap it up. He’s reluctant, of course, but Dean can tell that he’s tired because he doesn’t put up too much of an argument about it.
Dean just shrugs.
“Hm,” is all Gabriel says to that, and Dean finds he can’t read what’s in his honey-hazel eyes, darkening as they are in the twilight.
Dean shrugs, grinning. “Fuck ‘em.”
“Hey, Bobby.”
They go to Bobby’s for a lack of anything else to do. There’s finally a stretch of several days with no rain in the forecast, but the sun doesn’t do much to burn off the muggy dampness in the air.
Cas strips, and Dean watches the wall politely until he hears Cas sigh as he gets settled, the bright light from his transformation dying down in his peripheral vision.
“Seriously?”
“Why don’t you let me help you?” Cas whispers, and Dean can’t answer. “I don’t like to see you hurting.”
Bobby’s back bedroom. Shit.
“I know you hate me naggin’ you about this, but I figure it’s the only way to get you to listen,” Bobby interrupts sternly. “I’m serious, here. You gotta go to school, Dean. You’re too smart, and too dedicated to follow your daddy around that motel. You’re too good. You need more than that.”
“Oh, right,” Cas passes over a puzzle piece that belongs on Dean’s side of the table. “Jo wants to go?”
Cas looks up in surprise and glances between Dean and Bobby. “I don’t know how.”
Cas leaning back on his palms as he peers out over the ocean, salty breeze ruffling his hair and a thoughtful expression on his face; stretched out languidly on his back in the sand, bronze-skinned and lazy; curled up on his stomach, face resting on his folded arms, eyelashes long and dark against his cheeks; the moment when his eyelids flutter open to look directly at Dean lying next to him, and his eyes are so blue they’re captivating.
Dean glances around for his friends but doesn’t see them before he’s being told to take off his shirt. He tugs it over his head by the back of the collar, feeling his amulet bounce against his sternum. Bare chested, he’s lays back on the coffee table with his shirt in his hands, and Cas appears at the front of the crowd. Dean’s view of him is blocked, however, when Lisa comes up beside him.
And Sam.
“Hello, Castiel.”
“What else did you see on your walk?” Dean asks, leaning back on his palms.
Skimming easily across the water, Cas floats towards Dean, meeting him where he sits on the edge. He pulls himself close with a hand on the ledge and smiles up at him.
“Okay, let me
“They want to meet you guys, though,” John says, and Dean turns his face away when he feels his chin tremble. “Both of them, they - ”
Cas nudges the tip of his nose against Dean’s, just barely. “I like sleeping here with you, too.”
“Yeah.”
“Hey, Dean - ”
“We don’t know for sure.” They way Cas says it makes it sound like he’s trying to convince himself as well as Dean. It’s something Dean’s all too familiar with, and it makes a sharp pain blossom beneath his ribs. “No one has seen him since, but we also - ” Cas’s mouth moves silently, stuck on his words for a moment. “He’s been untraceable. All of us, we - we have a sense of where everyone is. It’s stronger in water, more accurate, but we can locate one another. That’s how they’ve known where I’ve been all this time.”
Falling quiet, Dean meets Cas’s eye.
“Do you care if I drop you and the groceries off at the apartment?” Dean asks, cranking his window down as he steers the Impala onto the street.
. I knew you’d go - listen, I knew you would, Dean, honest - ”
Cas is freakin’ strong when he’s trying, and one second Dean’s jabbing at him playfully and the next he’s got both his arms above his head, Cas pinning them there by his wrists. His laughter dying in his throat, Dean stares up at him.
Cas drops his gaze. “Hardly.”
Dean rolls his eyes, properly blushing. “You’re stoned.”
His eyebrows go up in spite of himself. The house they approach is enormous, with a manicured lawn to match. Instead of heading for the front door, though, Jo leads them around back.
Cas nods, swallowing, and lifts the joint between his lips. The look of concentration on his face makes Dean’s mouth quirk in amusement. Cheeks hollowing as he inhales slowly, Cas takes a pretty decent drag from it before he pulls it away and starts coughing.
“Seventy-seven years ago,” Cas tries to eat faster than his desert is melting, and Dean finds it pretty entertaining to watch. Dean had gotten his own in a cup to avoid the very problem Cas and his brother are having, despite Sam’s disapproval and his insistence that “
“You too, Castiel. You boys feel free to come by any time, now.”
fucking loud,” Dean chastises.
Dean has a hand against his side, fingers digging in with bruising force. He jerks out of the doorway, making it to his own room in four long strides, and he kicks off his shoes. He grabs a pillow and his favorite green comforter and tugs them off the bed, dragging them behind him as he heads back down the hall.
Still chuckling, Dean tosses his finished popsicle stick in the trash before rolling up to his knees and shuffling towards Cas.
“You’re bleeding,” Castiel is looking at Dean’s hand.
His stomach is so tight he might throw up. Dean clutches at his sides, digging his fingertips in as hard as he can with both hands but it doesn’t help.
“ - but I think you need some yellow in there, too, for the sun - ”
“What the
, and he lets himself start to have fun.
“Alright,” Cas says again. “I’ll come - I’ll come home. Before the next moon, I’ll return. You… you have my word.”
“Yeah,” Sam adds, “the city’s super industrial, and there are a ton of factories that sit right up against the water.”
“Well, look who decided to show up,” John says, and his voice is quiet and it’s deadly. Before him, Dean resists the urge to shift from one foot to the other.
, Sam,
“Yeah, okay.” Dean says, but he steps on the gas.
Since Victor graduated a year ago, he’s had three girlfriends and Jo has adamantly expressed her dislike for each and every one of them. She’s always been territorial about her friends, though.
“Hey, Sam,” she says, and Sam waves. Cassie starts scanning their groceries, and Dean tries his best to not feel uncomfortable. “How’s your summer going?”
“What the hell, man!” Dean exclaims.
Cas breathes into Dean’s neck, his hands roving freely down Dean’s torso and up his shirt.
“The next moon, Castiel,” Naomi says sharply. “Give us your word.”
“Can’t believe you’re letting him go to nerd camp,” Dean mutters when Sam dashes off towards the sink with the dishes, and John cracks half a smile.
“I’m proud of you, Dean.”
He huffs out his breath, frustrated.
Dean doesn’t ask about it, but he doesn’t need to. Lately, John’s had more of a presence around the Bunker and the apartment, and it only took Dean voicing his concern once about John walking in on them in the morning for Cas to take the hint. Though he can’t help but feel a little guilty, knowing how much Cas
“So,” Dean says when Sam starts splashing around and Dean’s sure he isn’t going too far in. He figures this is the time to bring it up, though it makes an ache blossom under his ribs when he thinks about it. He tips his head towards Cas, hesitating a moment before saying, “First day of work tomorrow. How you feelin’?”
Cas’s expression turns tender and Dean has to look away again, clearing his throat.
In the back of his mind he’d sort of known, as soon as Cas had asked him to go for a walk, that this was his plan. His mouth goes dry.
Several paces back from the pool now, Dean can no longer see down into the water at what was
“Yeah, okay. Thanks, Bobby. Hopefully Saturday.”
Dean says nothing.
Sam’s just climbing into bed when Dean pokes his head in to check on him.
“I know,” Sam says, already immersed in the next round.
“Good answer, kid. Let’s check it out.” He slaps a hand on the roof. “Shut her off.”
“Hey!” Sam calls, out of breath. Dean grudgingly lifts his head and squints towards them.
Slowly, he leans down and presses his mouth to Dean’s, kissing him for a long moment before finally pulling away and releasing his wrists.
“Easy there, Dean,” she says, coming behind the desk and setting down her purse. Dean’s face must look about as freaked as it feels, because she frowns at him. “You alright, sweetheart?”
Castiel practically inhales his food, and Dean’s actually sort of impressed. He could give Dean himself a run for his money, he has to admit. Dean passes him the ketchup for his fries, which Castiel uses to drown them in, and though it’s kind of gross Dean can’t help but find it sort of endearing.
“Oh. Yes, I haven’t been for long, though.”
“Fuck - ” he breathes.
“Hey, Cassie,” he says, and he can’t help but feel uncomfortable when she looks to Cas standing beside him.
“I’m okay,” Dean croaks, trying to pull away.
“That means you’re rich,” Dean accuses.
With the August sun beating down on his shoulders, no less hot than it’s been for months, Dean lies still. He feels Cas shift the sand a few times just a couple feet to his right, but he doesn’t lift his head.
A solo cup already in her hand, Jo is talking to a group Dean doesn’t know a little ways further down the dock. She waves them over, and Dean goes grudgingly.
“I miss you, Cas.”
“Yeah.” Dean keeps his eyes forward, his pace fast and his steps long.
Keeping crouched low, Dean skulks around the corner, slipping behind the desk through the swinging half-door. He looks up at the wall, where all the room keys are hung on hooks above his head. The first key is there, thankfully. He takes a deep breath, stands, swipes the key off the hook and gets the hell out, gone before the door stops swinging on its hinges.
“I guess he does, though.” Dean’s voice doesn’t sound like it belongs to him.
“Is there something I can clean you up with?” He whispers.
“Um,” Castiel says. “I’ve seen boardwalks from afar. And sometimes I can hear the music and see the lights.”
Dean comes.
“You’ll come back, right?”
’ Knowing how Cas usually reacts to these types of questions, though, he keeps them to himself.
Dean’s mouth goes dry.
Dean responds with words that come out naturally, without thought.
“Guess what?” Cas doesn’t wait for Dean to guess. “There’s a
Dean watches as Sam opens his mouth to correct his dad but thinks better of it, snapping it shut. He shrugs.
Distantly, Dean sees that his alarm clock reads 3:04am, but he barely registers it. He’d only fallen asleep a couple hours ago.
“Finally,” he continues, shaking his head in disgust. “It’s been one fucking hot summer, yeah?”
“Huh?”
Jesus Christ.
Eventually they’re bumped out of the way of the people trying to get through and they shuffle forward, but as they get on the ramp that takes them to the next floor, none of them can help but keep glancing up at it. It kind of gives Dean the creeps, how huge it is, but mostly he’s just impressed.
At that, Dean can’t help but smile. He pulls Sam close with an arm around his skinny shoulders, ruffles his hair.
“It’s, uh - it’s lube. I thought, maybe - ” Dean shrugs, hoping to get out of having to explain, but Cas still doesn’t seem to understand. “Um, here,” he says, and he tears the plastic off with his teeth before popping the cap open with a thumbnail and taking Cas’s hand.
His dad surveys him from across the room, and Dean looks away. He grabs the milk and cereal from the table and puts them away, aware of his dad’s eyes following him. When he can’t stand the way it makes the hairs on the back of his neck prickle any longer, Dean grabs the apple cinnamon donut from the box.
“I guess, man,” she says, but her eyes are still wide with incredulity. “I dunno, but it was weird.” She looks him over again, as if to make sure he doesn’t have some injury that she somehow missed. “You’re sure you’re okay, though?”
“Are you alright?”
“We go to the boardwalk with a couple joints and get high in the ferris wheel and then hang out around there.”
“I don’t understand,” Cas says at some point. “How do you live like this?”
Unfolding himself from the chair, Dean blinks around blearily. Sam is asleep on the couch, drooling into the cushions. Their bowls are stacked on the coffee table, and Cas is nowhere to be seen.
Dean nods. If he doesn’t think about the water lapping around his calves, and just focuses on the blue of Cas’s eyes, he feels pretty good.
Dean raises his eyebrows and it’s almost a challenge, daring his father to try and say something and knowing that he can’t, knowing John had lost all his leverage the second Dean had called him out for all of his own shit.
“You getting out?”
Finally, John follows, and they all settle at the rickety table that is just barely big enough for the four of them. Dean doesn’t think it’s ever had this many people around it - he wonders if his dad has ever used it at all.
“What, you got anything else to do?”
“Yeah, not after meeting you and your brother, that’s for sure.” Bobby mumbles, and he peers under the hood. “How’s she lookin’?”
Dean points the spatula at him. “Shut the fuck up. And Cas, go put some pants on.”
“We’re gonna be okay, Dean.”
“I’m fine,” he repeats, and Cas frowns.
Sam cracks up, and Dean glares daggers at him over the hood of the Impala.
“Who you talkin’ to? Thought I heard voices,” Rufus says, sauntering up to the edge to stand by Dean.
Dean shrugs at that, his cheeks heating. “We’ll see, I guess.”
“Um. Well, I was thinking loose heat shield, at first.”
Dean pulls his hand back into his own space and tucks it under his other, resting his chin on the both of them.
Eyes trained down, Dean shakes his head. “It’s too late.”
- ” but that’s all Dean sees before he’s hit from the side and is sent sprawling across the dock at people’s feet, the cigarette bouncing from his hand and skipping across the planks. It rolls to the edge, and goes over.
“She does tend to follow my lead, yes. It’s a habit that has a history of getting her into trouble, unfortunately for her,” Cas purses his lips.
“Huh?” John says, and he takes Dean’s jaw in his hand, not roughly, and turns his face so they’re eye to eye. “You’re a good kid.”
The three of them flag down a northbound bus and clamber on. They find three seats together, and Dean sits between them.
She eyes him for a moment and he resists the urge to fidget.
On Sunday they go to Benny’s, and he’s happy to see all of them. Even though Sam’s birthday was months ago, Benny said since he missed it his breakfast was on the house. Much to Dean’s annoyance, Meg shamelessly flirts with Cas when she brings their food to the table. When she laughs at something he says and reaches out a hand to his bicep, Dean finally snaps.
“Dean!” Jo’s there in front of him, face pale as she squeezes past people to get to him.
, you’re a - you’re - ”
“Dean, I’m - I’m a bit… unfamiliar with the anatomy, here,” he stutters, and ridiculously, it makes Dean laugh.
“Come back,” Cas says, gently turning Dean’s face back towards him with a wet hand to his cheek.
Dean shoves the thought aside.
“I missed the place, man. You mind if we sit outside?”
Sam looks up from the TV. Around his spoon, he says, “Dad went grocery shopping.”
Sure enough, there’s a herd larger than the last that’s milling about on the edge of the water up ahead. The group of people standing around looking at them is bigger, too, and Dean and Cas stop on the outskirts to join them for a moment. People point and chatter as one of the horses drops down to roll in the wet sand. Dean watches them idly.
They reach Jo, and Dean and Cas set the cooler in the sand where she directs them. They start to unpack their things as Sam chats at them, Ellen setting up the umbrella while Dean fishes around for the sunscreen in Jo’s bag.
“Who else?” Dean asks, nudging Cas’s hand.
“Technically, that was one question,” Cas says, and Dean chuckles. Sam rolls his eyes.
“Yes, sir,” Dean says, clearing his throat. “Yeah, I’ll be here.”
Sam rolls his eyes, pushing past Dean and out of the kitchen. Dean follows the kid down the hall to his room.
“I gotta get this,” John says shortly. “I’ll see you boys later.”
He pulls Cas close and kisses him, and it’s soft and unhurried, their lips slotting together warmly. They kiss, and Dean feels Cas’s hands on him, and he pretends that this is something he can hold on to, that it can be more than just
(because,
“You do? Which one?”
“Sure, whatever, jerk,” Sam grins. “Are you almost done out here? I invited Cas to come sit on the beach with us.”
“Hold out your hands.”
Bobby’s eyebrows go up under the brim of his cap. “I’m talkin’ about you actin’ like a pain in the ass.”
“Cas, your tail is so badass, man,” Sam exclaims.
He sets Sammy up on the little loveseat. It doesn’t have cushions, and the arm has a chunk out of it that might’ve been from rats, but it’s not too uncomfortable and it’s the reason Dean picked this place. It’s damp and dark, but the roof only leaks in the one corner and it’s not far from the elementary school or the motel.
- and Dean only knows that because Cas dragged him over to Missouri’s the other day to listen to her babble. He hears Cas sigh softly, and Dean doesn’t remember feeling this relaxed in a long time. Cas tugs absently at his fingers.
Palms settled on the tops of Castiel’s thighs, Dean leans in and kisses him. Cas parts his lips immediately, letting Dean in, and he tastes like artificial blueberries.
After only an hour he gets the entire apartment clean, so he wanders to the lobby.
,” she says, and Dean catches her winking at Cas. “I’ll get him to join us one of these days,” she says to him. Dean rolls his eyes.
“So, what exactly is the point of this place?” Castiel asks, and Sam whips his head around.
The next several days pass without too much fanfare.
Eventually, Dean nods. He shifts in the wet sand, lets his knee fall to the side. He takes a breath, lets it out through his nose.
in the ocean?”
“Cas, right?” Jo says with a glance between them, and Cas nods.
“They’re there, I promise,” Dean says, pulling Cas out of the way of a stroller.
The ocean is everywhere and it’s night time - his heart pounds in his ears and he desperately holds his breath.
Dean flicks off the stove. “At the arcade.”
She offers him a wink, and Dean smiles politely, but doesn’t really know what that means, or what to say to it.
It seems that every time he glances at Cas as they hang out on the beach, Dean’s eyes catch on him. There are certain moments, snapshots in time, that stick in Dean’s memory the most.
“That’s true.”
“Guys!” Sam calls from the living room.
“He’s right, though,” Dean murmurs when Cas gets his elbows hooked over the ledge between his legs and has his face angled up close to Dean’s. “I was planning on making out with you.”
It’s as she’s saying this, Dean only half listening, that his eyes move past Cas, his attention caught over his shoulder by a couple of people coming down the dock.
He wants to tell him that, he wants to ask the question that Sam insists he asks. Dean wants to let Cas know that he wants him, wants him here, doesn’t want him to leave. But he doesn’t have the words for it, not yet, and so he brings Cas’s hand up to his mouth to kiss his fingertips just to glimpse the soft lift of Cas’s mouth as he does it, and he drives.
“It was like he couldn’t breathe. He was bent over just gagging, and Cas freaking - he just tore off his shirt and he jumped in after you.”
Leaning into the car, his sneakers scraping for purchase on the asphalt, Dean jerks his head when he catches an elbow to his jaw. Taking advantage of that split second, drunk and in close quarters John still manages to get a palm on Dean’s chin and he shoves his head up towards the ceiling.
“I am.”
The corner of her mouth lifts to mirror his.
“I think you’d be an awesome big brother, Sammy.”
“ - it was sinking quickly, and then there was a human in the water. A boy.”
“He’s with Ash! Meet out back!”
“I don’t have direct communication with them, anymore, but I, uh - I still hear things. If something makes a splash, gets them riled up, radio comms come through sometimes. And you, kid…” Dean sees Gabriel shake his head in his peripheral vision. “You made quite a splash.”
That’s all it ever was. Dean knows it now, to the very depths of him.
Cas looks up. “They do?”
“You’re killing me, Deanna,” she turns to Cas. “C’mon, Cas, tell him you wanna come.”
To make matters worse, Cas doesn’t even push back. It would make this a lot easier if he would, if when Dean were mean to him he’d stand up for himself, fight back, do
Properly lathered up, Sam slips out of Dean’s grip and makes for the water again. Dean watches him go, hands on his hips, to make sure he doesn’t run too far out into the ocean.
“Three sixty-five - oh my god, he’s gonna do it!” Sam actually jumps up and down, absolutely elated.
Cas flinches at that and regards Dean with a soft look, and there’s a sadness in his eyes that makes Dean have to look away.
“All your daddy’s gotta know is that you’re workin’ for me, same as always. And if you’ve got a few extra hours between runnin’ my errands you might as well see what you can do with this junker, right?”
Dean clenches his jaw. “Yeah, well, real green beans are expensive. Just eat it.”
Dean shrugs, a little wildly. “Since I was a kid.”
“Dean.
They pick up a jog again, and Dean doesn’t miss the way the smile drops from Cas’s face as soon as he turns away. He thinks the guy looks worried.
“Okay,” he says. “Okay.”
“Wait,” Dean says before they step away. “You gotta put your name in, for the high score.”
“Feel good?” Dean whispers.
Sure enough, there are several people standing and pointing towards the water, where every few seconds a dorsal fin breaches briefly.
“C’mere,” he mutters, and Cas obeys, shuffling in with a wry look. “You’re blushing.”
“Yeah, Cas, chug it!” Jo calls from across the table, and the guy to Cas’s left grabs the beer off the table, takes the cards out from under the tab, and hands it to him with an only partly sympathetic smile.
“Will you hold that down on that side? Yeah, just like that. I’ve almost got it - there.”
It feels as though ice water has been poured down Dean’s spine. His fingernails bite half-moons into his palms where he clenches his fists.
With shuffling steps, Dean backs Cas up until the backs of his knees bump the tub and he’s forced to sit, right on the edge. Standing between his open legs, Dean lets his hands come to rest on either side of Cas’s neck, sucking his bottom lip into his mouth and gently tugging it with his teeth. In response, Cas’s fingers curve around the backs of Dean’s thighs, just beneath his ass, and squeeze softly.
‘That shithole’ Rufus refers to is the trailer park across the street, where he happens to live.
“Uh, sorry - ” Dean takes it, feeling like an idiot.
The ferris wheel makes its slow way around as people load onto the cars, and Andy, Ash and Jo make idle conversation as Andy rolls a couple of joints. Dean listens along, but his eyes wander past Jo, over the town below them.
Someone screams from near the pool, and Dean whips his head around. The sound dissolves into a high-pitched laugh, and Cas touches him, just lightly, on his lower back. Steadying. Turning back, Dean sees Cassie’s eyes snap up from where they followed Cas’s hand. Though Dean shifts from one foot to the other, but doesn’t move away from Cas’s touch.
Dean blinks at him. His eyebrows slowly draw down in the middle as he studies Bobby’s face, which if he didn’t know any better has turned almost guilty.
Dean turns to him, surprised. “You have?”
Dean smirks. “That’s pretty funny, actually.”
“Hello.”
“Looking for stamps,” Sam says without lifting his head.
“But - Naomi, I have -
Dean stirs his soggy cornflakes around his bowl. “There was a picture of him. I found it by accident.”
“Are you gonna be sick?” Dean sits up, swinging his legs around so his feet are on the carpet, next to where Castiel is kneeling.
“I was just trying to be nice to you, Dean, and you run your mouth,” Alastair growls from where he stands over him.
“Yeah, they have, thanks for asking,” Dean spits back at him, and they’re nearly to the doorway now. “I see your face hasn’t.”
“Yeah, Bobby. Thanks again.”
He should’ve known he’d regret letting his thoughts trail unchecked, but the work on the fence is boring and doesn’t keep his attention enough to prevent it. He paints, and he finds himself thinking about Cas, and he catches himself smiling at the thought of his child-like excitement at the arcade. He imagines the soft, glowing expression he had at the top of the ferris wheel; his sleepy yawn in the dark in the kitchen; the color of his skin, sun-tanned and a little flushed, as he lay in the bathtub, his head tipped against the wall and his throat a long, exposed column -
