Delete.
“And where are you off to?” This appeared to have peaked Sherlock’s interest. Despite his tired features and weary posture, you could visibly see his eyes sharpen at the question. He wondered if this was what his patients had ever felt like under his laser eyed-care.
"Ah?" He peeked at her through a bookshelf. "What do you mean by that?" His frown was visible from between the hedgehog plushy and glass otter figurine placed beside each side of his head.
John inhaled, looked to the side, and muffled a scream. Before Sherlock could ask if he was hurt, a series of bangs assaulted the front door. After a few moments passed in contemplation of whether John should answer the door, three more knocks sounded, making him sympathize for their knuckles.
“And-ah, thank you.” Sherlock says after a moment, pointedly observing his stretching arms in front of him, clenching and unclenching his fists. “I appreciate not being left to freeze to death.”
Sherlock needs to surpass this. ‘This’ being why he agreed to leave the serenity and cherry-wood warmth that is his home’s library in the first place. So far away now, the memorized creaks of waxed, wood flooring hidden by plush rope-carpet that peeked between his pale, bony toes, fat raindrops pattering against a rattling window-frame, vast damp fields of damp, crisp green, miles visible from the musty attic where he would read beneath the sill. Rich, red fur is long, slack and patient beneath his curious fingers, a vital multitask of read and pet, loyalty. Falling in love with solitude, finding a freedom like no other in the perilousness of his existence. Yet wittily poetic, pastel post-it notes stuck in the books held in the fickle but prominent eye of his focus, placed there by none other than his mother. She always knew, always understood. Devoutly praised and given synchronicity graced by a simplistic cross in her study.
A disbelieving grimace now contorted the woman's expression as she looked at Lestrade. "You can't let him bring in a random to investigate a corpse. Much less the mayor's!"
"John! That's an order!" A bang on the door accompanied the words.  John blinked and nodded.
A text buzzed throughout the alley, both of them jumping at the shrill beep the device emitted, John had set it to its highest volume in fear of the call falling deaf on eager ears. John fished out the ancient flip phone from his pocket. It had been a gift for his birthday, his older sister, the only person John could keep in contact with these days, had given him a hand-me-down from her failed marriage when he’d returned from Afghanistan four months ago.
. He reprimands his deducing nature and dodges over an icy puddle, promptly hearing the dog whine behind him  and slide into the opposing wooden structure to its left.
John chuckled and started up the stairs. Trying in vain to ease his trembling and rapidly beating heart. He was old damn it. “I’ll be gone by the time you get back, so if you plan on doing anything I’d suggest you make it snappy.” John didn’t know why he said it, he already knew Sherlock wouldn’t. And he fully expected to never see this man again. Surely the two situations couldn’t be correlated.
Sherlock peers up, makes an offended ‘mmph’ over his snickers bar, and does a helpless sort of ‘why’ gesture. Sherlock hadn’t even heard her coming—oh yeah headphones.
Guess, the floor was work then.
"Worrying is like walking around with an umbrella and waiting for it to rain." Sherlock blinked down at John, not expecting the philosophical answer.
And so, Sherlock steps out of the occluding closet for the first time in an hour. Going by the time on the minuscule London Clock Tower ticking away in his wristwatch.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you, your ribs are rather...bruised." He died off as John reluctantly reclined with a muffled scream.
This guy was so stubborn, he could probably will a wall to talk to him. Truly.
He wasn't wearing any pants. John furrowed his brows. "Huh."
Fair enough, not a lot of people wanted to pass their mayor's corpse on the way to their neighborhood Tesco's. At least the street had been blocked off. Sherlock sniffed, the cool November air already biting at his nose, and pointed an accusatory thumb at John. "Blame him."
Sherlock smirked at his question and glanced down, nodding, then back into the carriage. "No idea. Take a look?"
-but he wouldn't mind leaving said atmosphere in exchange for something more satisfying.
And comes to realize then, that try as Sherlock might, he really was just a child at heart. John knows the feeling well, wants to be an adult today, then a child tomorrow. Still feels it sometimes
“Precisely. So, the usual?”
John sat forward on his elbows. "For starters, the location of my pants." And watched with wariness as Sherlock suddenly smiled and set his tea down with a sniff, his nose must have stopped bleeding. "Over there." Sherlock pointed, his beaming gaze never leaving John. John looked in the direction he was pointing at and froze. "Why are my pants on a cows skull?" He asked after a moment and glanced at Sherlock through furrowed brows, mouth set in a grim line. "You wanted to give him a hat, it was snowing after all." He answered, squinting his eyes with a twitching closed mouth smile.
"Well, I wouldn't say strange. I'd say unusual. And yes, it was extraordinary. Quite extraordinary..." He noticed hesitance on Sherlock's face, and stupidly wondered if he'd ever been told that. John cleared his throat and refined with a stumbling. "You know, how you can put all of those clues together so quickly I mean."
No, he wouldn’t do that. Couldn’t. Lest Mycroft catch wind of it after an untimely visit to question his sudden switch of arrangement to a sodden, underground cot. It had been roughly two years since their last clash, but chances were no light matter. The snooping big-nose might do something petty like get John suspended or belatedly rejected under the piteous excuse of an unfortunate mix-up in the university’s corrupted system. Sherlock would never live it down. Nor allow such a driven student of accommodating nature to lose his much-needed chance after teetering on the brink of poverty for the entirety of his life. England needed more doctors similar in temperament to John. Sherlock would know. John wasn’t to blame, he was merely being a good… friend.
-peoples body parts in his flat?”
Although Sherlock wasn’t. “…John?” He questions quietly to himself with a frown at the figure as it scanned the aisles frantically. More or less impersonating a lost puppy with separation anxiety after wrestling off its dogsitter's leash to aimlessly search for its owner… “Oh, Redbeard…” He whispers before swallowing tightly. Confusion smothering nostalgia as he observes his roommate’s body language with an I’m-grateful-you’re-distressed-instead sort of edge. It could be rude, but Sherlock is too far past caring at the moment, instead reveling in the interruption of his now-descending disquiet. John is a common variable. Go on. Wonder.
"I have actually, it was quite boring." Christie flushed in anger, for a moment looking as though she planned to hit him. John clenched his fist. Sherlock remained lax and seemingly patient as he stared her down. She then abruptly smiled, an unpleasant expression revealing crooked teeth. As if she'd solved the Da Vinci's code.
"Oh piss off." and Sherlock's off and back to academia, inertly tracing his lower lip with his thumb as he turns to their small room made smaller by his even greater mind.
Anderson just 'mmm's and crosses his arms, still leant against his locker. "Yeah, I see how it is," He nods and looks away for sport before he turns back to Sherlock, eyes crinkled mockingly. And Sherlock wants to know what 'it' is.
"And it's quite alright, I have been unconscious for the most part. Would have been a shame to not make your acquaintance conscious."
Watching in growing surprise as the previously docile woman's face formed an animalistic sneer.
Tell me what you think. :)
“No, it doesn’t.” Is the dog’s reply.
The rotted wood crumbled to splinters. Sherlock raised and unseeingly narrowed his icy daggers on Sarah (who's expression gradually became more fearful as the silence stretched) and hissed through grit teeth. "
"Shh!"
But the force of Sherlock’s hard sobs wrack his own chest, quite possibly equating the turmoil. And John
"What on earth are you looking for?!"
"Juvenile." Sherlock hissed, although it must have been difficult to take it to heart when his lips kept tugging at the corners like that.
"H-Hello again, Mr. Holmes-"
John has managed to avoid stray thoughts of pale eyelids delicately tinted the faintest of purples, salty tear-tracks preceding a quivering chin and soothing or stinging crescents of red in their downwards journey, a formidable gloom of pure wrongness, violated rage that scared even him in its intensity, bloodied fingertips and soft winces, cold hands felt through tightly-knit wool, a solidly mellow embrace as unnamed hysteria flooded his chest and suffocated him quietly, pain blurs, then warmth, and restless rest.
“Happy birthday,” John mumbles with a slight rasp as the reminder pops in his head like a twitter notification. Rubs a sluggish fist over his eye, then the heel of his hand over his other eye.
Sherlock stumbles again and John tightens his grip, fully prepared to strap him into bed if Sherlock resisted mandatory rest. While doubting he’d need to. And disparaging that fact alone. The whole scenario closely resembled a night on the town gone wrong and ending in a drunken stumble back home. Despite residing at university. “I got you some.”
fun. He thought impishly.
He watched him leave; feeling beginnings of guilt weigh on his conscience and sighed. He hadn't meant to snap like that. John had been raised to respect the opposite sex for decades, men being made out as brutes, and hell, even monsters. He was rather nettled at the fact he'd been so easily influenced throughout. It wasn't too uncanny minding the brutes he dealt with on a weekly basis. But god, what was he thinking? Attacking him like that, sure what he said was horrible but that was no excuse. Sherlock was nothing like those ogres. And the woman had surely been...unpleasant.
John couldn't hold back his sigh of relief at that. He hadn't been stabbed. Although he was still awfully sore. "...Wait, did you say three days?"
Sherlock sniffled.
, forgo my urban-defining insolence and answer me this, Mister Big-words.” Sherlock’s hearing sharpened to attention at the modicum of desperation shrilling the boy’s voice. He frowns and moves to press his hand against the wall at his right to stand. Wincing as his injured hand takes the brunt, though careless, Sherlock pushes past it—
“So, the topic of your essay is… what? Don’t survive off a diet of carrot cake and cigarettes no matter how bad your breakup is?”
He just needed to clarify that he could politely return the coat and retrieve his belongings without being slaughtered. "The morgue…oh dear! Take a seat! You look like you’ve seen a ghost!" She steered his pale form to a stool before he collapsed.
Just as their elevator door closed another opened. Moriarty walked down the red carpeted hallway and smiled when he caught sight of the open hotel door. Key still in the key-hole. That little girl was going places.
Which left him bereft in revelation. A prominent likelihood far too much of a…well, a prominent likelihood to be ignored.
“What?” Sherlock snaps, affronted, eyes becoming indignant slits over his hands.
Slipping his jeans back on with a decisive, awkward hip-wiggle, John barks back at Mike, “Get Anderson to fill in!” trying to calmly tie the laces on his ratty Chuck Taylor’s but muttering ‘fuck it’ before simply stuffing them in on either side of his feet.
"A paper bag, thugs, violence, a van." Sherlock listed off dully as he looked away and stared at a spot on the wall. "How quaint." He gestured for John to take a seat.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes, sounding irritated, and straightens. “There is a cure, taking fact at face value and evading biased status quo.”
Sherlock blinks dryly and shivers. “Oh.”
“I was dreaming of snogging Beyonce.” Irene sighs in contentment. “It was simply
"Then what do you propose I do?" Sherlock bit back, frowning up at him in puzzlement.
John peers up at him at the question. (Huh, this was the first time he’d noticed their height difference. Funny.) Raises a brow, still seeming a bit miffed on Sherlock’s behalf. The idiot, he’d just alienate himself. John’s the type for status quo and social fluttering, was he not?
? Hm.
If john's mind were a race horse he'd be trampling through the spectator aisles. Oh god what would happen if Mike got in trouble? He'd never forgive himself. And if the police managed to track his dealings back to his customers, his system and contacts would all be irrevocably fucked, maybe even more so than America was at the moment.
Blinking, John huffed an incredulous little sound and cocked his head. John approached the kitchen table to get a better a look at him. His stomach was doing that weird squirmy thing when he was crossed between feeling nervous and wanting to laugh. "What you mean 'no'?"
Sherlock peered over his coat collar to see John standing by the first step and no longer the fifth. Then, holding the door open like the gentleman he was, Sherlock beckoned him through. “Shall we go?”
It was an insistent pull that felt like an original stereotype. It loosened something else he hadn’t known he had.
, he inwardly muses with an outward, tired, little laugh
Sherlock stared blankly. "Oh, it happened again." John didn't say anything and kept his eyes firmly glued to the television screen.
Even then, he hadn't suspected anything more than a partner that shared Sherlock's eccentricity. Or possible passion for crime-solving. Leaving John feeling just a bit bitter.
A calm hand landed on his shoulder and he jumped a bit and peered over his shoulder. The maître d from earlier was smiling at him comfortingly.
A shadow shades him from the flickering fluorescent light above. Sherlock peers up to see the man leaning against the locker next to his, his arm pushing the door completely open to use it as a wall. Eyes bloodshot and cheeks flushed. Inebriated indefinitely. And sighs, he really hates it when he's right. Sometimes. Sherlock frowns and rises to his full height, which wasn't to its peak yet and allowed Anderson a few inches on him.
This was not an issue, he hadn’t a care for activism nor feasible opinion since it would never effect him. Aside from John being the true psychic, Sherlock had little to fret over. To each their own, avoid confliction if you can, ego held no place in his own intimate stance and person. It made one blind, a see-what-you-want-to-see defect, so to speak. In short, it was aimless to seek understanding in a place where none was due, or expected.
“Aha!” John and his team should be here for morning practice soon. They would make for a decent distraction while he fled. So, for now, he leans against the steel bars and settles for telling Cujo his life story. Maybe his deductions could even piss off
Sherlock holds it steady. “Why should I?”
Anderson scoffed at him and tossed over a plastic sandwich bag. "Show some respect would you? It's the mayor for christ's sake."
accidently letting it smack Greg in the head upon releasing it. Yeah, he saw that. John muttered an apology to him before catching up with Sherlock's long strides.
"Nothing dramatic, just a mix up in files a few days ago at a family meeting." Gavin humphed sharply in amusement and closed his eyes, appearing to reminisce.
. He needed to
In foresight, that wouldn’t be the best of ideas. Apart from it being painfully selfish it would also burst whatever notion Sherlock had ever harbored of him not being an utter moron, it was just plain wrong.
Moriarty ran through the crowd, appearing to be desperately looking for something. Big fat messy tears dripping down his face. Then he looked startled, like he'd just remembered something very important, and turned to the elevator.
And John notes their clasped hands with a delayed sort of interest. Sherlock blinks back, eyes still a calm droop as he observes him with a fond, awaiting interest. His mouth ever-so-slightly quirked at the corners.
John shrugged and twisted his lips in false resignation. "Must've been the romantic comedies."
How it had influenced him throughout. How they lashed and scarred a vulnerable one of their own. Melded him into the deformed man he now was.
"Are you lightning?"
Slowly, raw unimpressment etched itself into John’s rapidly aging features. “You can’t be serious.”
Sarah startled, how long had their church been haranguing this man? She hadn't joined their church, nor followed their beloved God to harass people. Regardless of their wrongdoings. She frowned. "Oh. W-Well we were- we would just like to-"
Sherlock dips his head in the ghost of a trademark coax seen in boisterous car insurance advertisements. “I can assure you, it’s a deal like no other.”
“yep.”
READ MY FUCKING SUMMARIES FROM THIS POINT ON OR THE ENTIRE FUCKING STORY WILL BE LOST ON YOUR IGNORANT PUSSYLICKING MINDS
Sherlock chokes on a small whine and John grimaces at the unseemliness of it. Still looking down, always looking down, he’d hardly looked John in the eye since he’d told Sherlock he was his friend.
Sherlock barely smothers a 'yuck' at the pet name--eugh infintalism--, and settles for clearing his throat before it sounded like something else. "Excuse me." He makes his presence known politely and reaches down to gather his bag. "And might I advise you privatize your-ah coitus?" Sherlock ignores the way his stomach flutters strangely at the word. "Patrol will be performing their nightly rounds earlier today due to rumored drug dealings." It was true too. Nothing heavy was dealt, only cannabis. Couldn't stand the stuff, it slowed people down and made them talk too much. Never a good combination.
Sherlock waves away the short-lived question like the pest it is, and inevitably will be. “Obvious, he’s been an overbearing father-hen ever since his divorce to compensate for the separation of his child. Tragic, he would’ve done swell with the skills he possesses, swell for
It had been and was elementary, it still is.
"Carrie, you might wanna take a look at this." Daryll looked at the screen warily. An eerie, masked figure dashed through the hallways. Carrie came over not a second later and leaned over the desk on her hands, causing the fabric of her blue dress shirt to rustle. And observed the computer with her mouth set in a grim line.
Okay, overstatement. But you get the idea.
Sherlock hissed a breath through his teeth and rose, clattering stray dishes on the table. "Fine. Just stop making that face." He stepped around John and briefly looked him over before reaching the door. Possibly debating growling at it. He resigned and swung it open in one calm, graceful motion. Although the look on his face intimated otherwise.
John’s teeth appeared to be gritting. “That doesn’t explain too much on your part, yeah.”
She turned to the security guard patiently, and said. "It will only take him a moment to get his niece, their room is only on floor twelve. Let him through."
But John, being the strong little soldier he was, refused to be reduced to some philosophical, sniveling mess because some preening prick decided to state the obvious. He was John Watson, Captain John H. Watson. Like hell he’d act like anything less.
"John, Captain John H. Watson. Army Doctor. Nice to meet you." He paused and glanced at Sherlock, before finally relenting at the nervous lip purse John aimed his way. Taking the offered hand and shaking it stiffly.
. Now can you tell me where she is?" Lestrade frowned, abashed. "Oh, sorry," He chuckled nervously as Gavin began to drum his fingers on his crossed arms impatiently. "What's your sisters name... again?" He finished lamely when the twenty eight year old sighed.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Now Sherlock was just frustrated, but he could still feel himself thrumming with excitement. All he needed to do was convince John that he was being outstandingly moronic and cowardly. Sherlock excelled at this. Piece of cake.
“Yes, yes it most definitely does.” Sherlock drawls back, in turn, allowing a tidbit of sympathy to seep into his tone. It is at least a quarter honest. As Cujo had probably already printed out the paper and couldn’t make it back to the main office in time to print out another one delineating an actual, accurate point. Denial was a prompting thing.
The glass door slammed behind him, causing the bell to ring shrilly. As though to alert tigers in zoo's of their feeding time. He couldn't think of a better metaphor at the moment, some chubby blond brat was already recording him on a cellphone. The blokes face went rosy and he attempted to act casual. Awkwardly speed-walking and half jogging away. It seemed like more of a defeated limp though. So casual.
Greg's eyes were bright and astonished, and maybe a little guilty, as he looked at John. A small smile slowly curling his lip. Then a coy grin. "I think I'll keep you."
?"  He elaborated in minor hysteria.
And before John knew it, he was laughing too.
Setting his jaw as his eyes water at the sudden realization that settles like a brick in his lower intestine, John reaches forward to shield Sherlock’s cool gaze from the light and tries to ignore the way the look appears a twin of the dulled glare his father sported when he told John, to so eloquently quote ‘fuck off’ on a crowed slur with a swerve of rich, sloshing bourbon. The 12 year bitter nectar seeming suddenly cheapened by its consumer’s classless consumption with a unseemly flick of supposedly-sluggish wrist. Always pissed off his ass but always sober enough to make the drink’s flawless toss-back. Always needed to keep going, inebriation not standing a chance against his—
“Yes, that’s exactly what I need. Care to join me?” Sherlock
Today was the day. He's been called to Scottland Yard's department to discuss his links to the photos, and the victims identities. Lestrade had been hesitant, but it was minute. Who was he to deny John? John had suffered a week of being brutally interrogated, spending his nights in some unknown building's holding cell. Keeping him cold and alone, his stomach twisting in nauseating worry being his only company--doing nothing to steady him for the disgusted sneers and intimidating acts the next day held. The unfairly accusatory questions on how long he'd assisted Sherlock's killings.
Just a man, and his will, to surviveee~!
"Greetings, Gavin! How's the mayor?"
The maître d from earlier was smiling at him comfortingly.
, this is highly classified, if only to prevent any more unseemly happenstance. Any miscalculation could prove appreciably consequential. Especially
"Yes, but what if there's very clearly going to be a rain storm? Thunder, lightning,
Kevin clicked his tongue beside him. "Obviously."
Sherlock plucks a fuchsia pink earplug from his ear—tolerating the bright color had been a sacrifice on his part, Philip was the most resilient brand on the market right now--, the other remaining in, and continues staring down at his dorm-work, reluctant form still seated on the hardwood floor, the papery mess spread around him enough to make any tree-lover cry. How had John managed to reach his shoulder without rustling a paper? Moreover, John isn’t worth both plugs being removed at the moment. Or ever. Sherlock was just going to pretend he was dead for the rest of his stay. Earplugs would assist this endeavor tremendously.
He whipped his head from left to right, watching as the shallow sea of onlookers simply stared ahead and ignored the manic raisins going at it. Drama isn't for everyone, just keep it on television he supposed.
- I can assure you that you cannot expect to live longer than week."'s.
John slaps his hands over his face and groans. Ignoring the blocky view of knowing smirks and Mike's surprised eyebrow lift peeking through his fingers as he buries his face in his hands.
“Mary’s out for the weekend,” Irene affirms knowingly. “I thought I’d take advantage of the deserted hour and invite you over for The Big Bang Theory marathon.” She finally comes clean and clicks her nail on the plastic folding table repetitively.
John froze up the second the indignant sentence left the woman's mouth. Keeping his attention strictly on the bullet hole before him. Despite the fear and slight, sickening shame, John had to admit. He hadn't felt this alive in years, and had to fight the smile worming its way onto his features. Adrenaline was a hell of a drug.
…well. That might have just made John’s rather tip-of-the-iceberg ire and lack-of-understanding induced gastrointestinal distress a tad worse.
"WHAT?!"
Sherlock pauses with an indifferent hum, even as unnamed bitterness spikes in his gut and curls his mouth into a scowl. “Romanticism must play a role, it always does. Heteronormative bliss goes quite far and the majority of the patriarch can never hope to up its counterpart at this rate. No matter their surety.”
Mike, looking as though he wanted to ask him something terribly important, opened his mouth to say something else, but John wasn’t in the mood to placate him any more than was socially acceptable, annoyed by the fact he’d have to do…this. Alone. And took off towards the van. Mike staying behind as usual.
. She turned to the security guard patiently and said. "It will only take him a moment to get his niece, their room is only on floor twelve. Let him through." The security guard shook his head again. "I-I'm sorry, mam. I can't allow you to-" Moriarty turned back to the woman when he saw the security guards face go white and watched in growing surprise as the woman's face formed an animalistic sneer.
John frowned at the vague answer and glared into those...familiar eyes...and was suddenly overcome with a strong urge. A need. An undeniable sine qua non. A pulsing desire.
-John huffed a strange, small, angry, and vaguely amused sound and raised an eyebrow. "And what do you propose happened?" He asked voice carrying an undertone of anticipation. He'd become rather fond of Sherlock's habit, but could you blame him? The man was a walking computer, instantly gathering information, developing conclusions in a matter of moments, how he spoke so quickly yet with such eloquence.
And while it may be
John looked to his left to see that a dangerous looking Molly was being blocked by a towering soldier. Apparently trying to hash it out verbally, and with every reply the man uttered-just out of ear-shot, her eyes widened before she swooped back in, all angry sibilance. Clearly infuriated at their incompetence, before John returned his attention back to Sherlock and the soldier circling him like a shark.
Surprised, John's head whipped up to see Sherlock's hunched shoulders shaking, a small, breathy snicker seeming to worm its way past his defenses. It was a happy little sound, yet no doubt a reserved one.
It was the rational thing to do after all. So what if a few essential traits were lost in the deletion process? He was safe now.
Sherlock stared at the closed door until he heard footsteps recede down creaking stairs. Taking a deep breath he scrubbed a hand through his hair. That was more troublesome than usual. She usually just condemned him to hell and told him he was the most repulsive human being she'd ever had the rancor of meeting. Whatever, he had work to do-.
The fuck sighed. “I need my coat.”
John’s expression is one of a man who’s been bowled over by a stampede of raging football players. Funny thing is, Sherlock would know it quite well, making him feel a small ripple of triumph and alarm. “I—I’m sorry? I—“
“It was the lightest thing I could find,”
“Sherlock, come on.” John finally coaxes him a bit firmer, hands coming up to grip his own dead ones clamping the bars. “You’re gonna die out here.”
“Do you want this stick?” He asks, jiggling it for emphasis. “Dogs enjoy teething on sticks despite reaching maturity, right? It’s even accumulated a trace amount of honeydew left from aphid excrement.” The dog remains stoic, and growls lowly.
Risin' up, back on the street~
John reached forward to splay a palm onto the mattress before Sherlock decided to drop him. Practically passing out once his legs made onto the bed. He didn't notice the figure above still remained until he felt bedding slide over his person. "Thanks, mate."
Introduction doesn't seem necessary." He informed her sweetly, words as stiff as his black dress shoe, tapping in sharp impatience. For a man living in such run-down conditions, he dressed quite poshly.
Greg Lestrade raised a brow and glanced at the screen and back to Gavin again. "Yes?" He asked a tad impatient, didn't this kid understand technical terming? Gavin frowned up at him. "I'm- I was here to pick up my sister, I already work for the government." Lestrade twitched, no wonder the kid looked so confused. " I evaluate the chemistry and chemical studies of tobacco product and other FDA related products." Lestrade heaved a breath and backed away from the chair. "Then why didn't you
Digging his fingers into John’s sides, he watched in satisfaction as John’s eyes practically bulged when he let out an unfairly attractive guffaw. Collapsing on top of him in a mess of near-maniacal cackles, weakly pawing at Sherlock’s hands to stop them from their merciless tickling.
Cujo would have flipped him the bird if possible.
His phone began to vibrate, Sherlock quietly cursing before the device could shatter onto the floor. It was Lestrade. Sherlock bounced on his heels and up to the frosted window. Allowing it to ring four more times before answering. The man had been giving him horrifically simple cases for months now. Honestly, he'd nearly tossed the stack of resumes back in the audacious imbeciles mug. Did they really expect to have the most observant man in the world leaf through resumes for fun?
John chuckled, a little surprised at the crack the drone made, and silently glad that there wasn't going to be a dramatic scene resembling some romantic comedy drama. One thing he didn't fancy was getting a suitcase to the face...or in this case, a baton. Right, no suitcases, didn't live here. He truly would be upset if he left without a farewell, it was the least he could do- oh god had he even said thank you?
Mike’s eyes just about bug out of his head. “Why?!”
Blinking, John huffed an incredulous little sound and cocked his head. John approached the kitchen table to get a better a look at him. His stomach was doing that weird squirmy thing when he was crossed between feeling nervous and wanting to laugh. "What you mean 'no'?"
In return he received an extremely condescending and somewhat pitying look, although Sherlock complied.
“Why are you always so eager to please?” Sherlock asks him one day, seated on the floor with the solar system spread out before him. The laminated paper reflects the fluorescent light shining from the desk lamp adjusted above it. Warping planes and galaxies of shades mint green, black and mango to pale pinks and sultry purples--small stars, and white specks littered around it. The poster was almost as large as Sherlock when he spread it from its stored roll and duck-taped the corners to the ground. He didn’t even bother cleaning up, just shoved all of his work beneath his bed. At least John’s side was spared.
After a few more deafening bangs echoed John realized he wasn't being shot at and cautiously rose to peek over the bed and around the room. He was alone, god his heart couldn't take this much stress. He approached the chipping door warily as memories started coming to. John gasped as a sharp pain shot through his torso when he reached down to use the bed frame as leverage. "Jesus Christ." He hissed through clenched teeth, reaching down to hold the bed frame with his other hand and wait for the pain to recede while he stared down.
Lestrade jumped at the noise, how could something so small make such a loud noise?
happened and how he got here?! He yelped out an audible "Shit!" when he remembered Mike. He was with him when it happened, was he alright?! But...no. No, John had sent him off before anything had happened, right? Suddenly hit with a sharp pain in his temple John raised his hand to it in alarm but the room started spinning. He struggled to steady himself and grasped at the bathroom counter. Panting as he was overcome with a wave of nausea he dove for the toilet; grasping the sides as he retched out stomach acid.
in fact-
"yeah," Sherlock finds himself agreeing, eye twitching at the bumbling moron as he struggles to find the floor. "because we all know the more you shag, the bigger your dick gets and the smaller your eyes grow," Sherlock shrugs in heated resignation, glaring down at the still-hunched figure from his peripherals. "until you can't see what you're shagging anymore. Be it your mother or a dog. You'll never know." Sherlock clenches his paper bag's handle and nods side-ways to Whore. "Take you and Sally for example, her tits have grown the size of two ripe boars. Can't even see the cow rutting against her leg, such a shame."
upper-hand to wrestle the half-delirious twat muttering about students and microbes to the cot to treat him.
Before his hand could come in contact with the soiled bandage, a solid, thin object pressed against his throat, effectively pausing him. Not intimidated in the slightest, he turned to look down at his no-longer-unconscious companion. "A pencil. Are you kidding?" The latter only added pressure, Sherlock rolled his eyes and removed his hovering hands from the man who was beginning to share likenesses with a cornered lion. The man, seemingly realizing he was threatening someone with a writing utensil, lowered his hand slowly.
This evokes a pause, as Sherlock minutely mulls over the double entendre blinking above the sleek reptile like a Nevadan cathedral sign. John’s name went without saying, infuriatingly enough. Sherlock found he rather didn’t wish to know the extent of Jim’s ridiculous connections. Mycroft would love him. Repugnant.
“Because you would have ran away, ultimately freezing to death in your mad-dash to escape the big, bad authority mutts and their lap dog. When in reality, I’d rather have the walls painted with my innards, and have my severed head  act as a paintbrush. Than be referred to as anything remotely related to their
So he hummed contemplatively. “Interesting.”
John seemed to consider for a moment. Before abruptly shaking himself out of it. “What if I see one of my clients? They could say something.”
"Shut your fuckin' mouth!" The soldier growled, Brooklyn accent somehow thickening the revulsion in his voice.
That…that was rather intense.
Commentary gets faster updates. ;)
The pain was unbearable, his brain felt like it was going to burst out of his skull. For a fleeting moment, he considered ripping his eyeballs from their sockets in an attempt to give his rapidly pressurizing skull relief. He couldn't fucking
"You have no idea how long it took him to convince me to let you stay here and not call an ambulance. To not have the authorities take care of you instead." Knowing where this was going, John slouched his shoulders, beginning to feel a little silly in the extravagant coat.
"Fear not." Sherlock sighed, awkwardly gripping John around his waist, and one hand under his arm. John squirmed at the contact. Physical contact wasn't really Sherlock's forte, much less...whatever this was. "I have a very forgiving landlady."
with, a man cutting fingers on his kitchen table who claims it to be an experiment-"
"Inane, you would have been dead by now. I was actually expecting it." Sherlock provided helpfully and grunted, half dragging him and half contemplating the consequences of carrying him down the hall. It was a miracle he'd managed to make it to the bathroom on his own, really. John scrunched his brows and squinted at him but chose not to comment. Upon reaching the bedroom door Sherlock realized he couldn't use his hands and kicked the door open while John winced at the noise.
John peeled off the outer layer;]. noting the concerning amount of blood stains crusting them. Nauseating anxiety returned, and he felt his lungs freeze.
"Are you lightning?"
John bit back a growl and tried to repress the heat rising up his neck and cheeks. He forgot he was half naked and crawling through a strangers home in fear of being shot by someone who was only interested in spiting a wall. Typical. "I'm not a prostitute. Now explain."
Why d-didn’t you tell me you were a co-cop?”
Which was being blocked by a giant sodding security guard. Splendid.
“Yes, there’s a first for everything is there not?”
"You must be John! How are you fairing, dear? I'm sorry I haven't been up to check on you both lately." She set aside her broom in favor of her new guest.
Ultimately leaving him to his nonexistent devices, not a roommate in sight.
"Hm? Don’t you know? He works for Scotland yard.”
“Thought you knew, but here you were, blocking my path to boredom and sulking with a stick in your mouth. We all have our methods of compensation but isn’t this taking it a little far?”
"The hotel then?" Lestrade looked pleased through his exhaustion.
Mrs. Hudson shook her head in fond exasperation. Blissfully unaware of John's minor meltdown. He's seen dead people, just not...used for such a purpose.
and they’ll get in
He shifts the two bags in his hand-- in his left as his right was primarily used for most tasks and he wouldn't mind evening the muscle mass. The papery plastic digging into his palm discomforting, and opens the glass doors housing the empty main lobby (Mrs. Hudson must have gotten off early). Set on stuffing his Mexican (and flammable, unlike pussy-footing American Crayola) crayons, an extra binder, and his emergency Marlboro's into his parcel locker. Then extending his essay to delineate Milkomeda's predicted affair. And ignoring his takeout until John asks if he can have it.
WARNING: This chapter may be offensive to those of religion.
John looked down at the question. Cautiously smoothing the crinkly plastic over the engravings by the bottom circlet of the long, brass bullet. Yeah, he did. He remembered it vividly. How could he forget digging its twin out of his comrade's upper right thigh with his sandy fingers soaked in sticky red?
3 days ago.
to take it all, every throaty cough, every worryingly deep heave. Take it all, even as reflected neon street light swims in the liquid pooling his tear-ducts. The tears from the pending, unorthodox fortuity weighing over him. Making him think the worst, and the fear doesn’t cease, if it only magnifies. He doesn’t blink either, for some childish reason involving masochism and an attempt to recreate Sherlock’s pain. Maybe give him some relief at the mutual feel. Let them sting more than they already do. Even so, John finds a comfort of his own in Sherlock's weak grasp and the tears wetting his faker-sweater.
Ignoring the innuendo, he gently but urgently tugs her up by her underarms. Her signature, red bomber-jacket always making a point of matching her red lipstick, it felt like touching silk. I he didn’t know any better he’d label her a snob. “Come on.” Sherlock needlessly coaxes her.
"I wasn't alone at first." John clenched his fists. Sherlock continued staring at him for a moment. Taking in his tired form, his glare faded to indifference. Apparently piecing together his ludicrous loyalty to his team and self-sacrificial nature. As if someone like Sherlock would understand. John had only known the man for so long. But it didn't take a genius to know Sherlock had issues. People issues.
He must have been staring too long, since the offended peacock averted its narrow gaze to him. A silent, indignant squawk daring him to say something wrong.
, this is highly classified, if only to prevent any more unseemly happenstance. Any miscalculation could prove appreciably consequential. Especially
"No, you would have been dead by now. I was actually expecting it." Sherlock provided helpfully. Grunting when John lost his footing, sending them both into a wall, and causing Sherlock to take the entirety of the impact. "How did you even manage to make it to the bathroom?" Sherlock muttered, carefully pushing himself off the wall with a hand. The other hand busy keeping John from falling face first onto to the wooden flooring. John asked if he was alright, apparently not liking the sound he'd made. "It's fine just focus on the hallway ahead. Yes. Look at how it's not collapsing in on itself. Follow its example."
Yet here he is, stuck in Uni, promptly going to waste away for four years and quite possibly contract stupidity—the disease is relatively rare in his blood line but he’s taking no chances-- all because he’s not capable of making realistic decisions. So here he lies, in his dorm room shower and counting Aspergillus mold spots (Aspergillus, causation of many a severe lung infection, he muses bitterly, inhaling another lungful of soothing poison and tilting his nose to the ceiling) on the tiny, yellowing ceiling—no longer the pristine white the university prided its students for being akin to in colour—and determining how long it’ll have to fester until maintenance gives a shit and cleans it after his pretty-boy rugby roommate alerts them of the health hazard.
It wouldn’t last. Think fast. How do you
Sherlock shook his head. "No," He enunciated the word slowly. "A user. A
“I’m not eager at all.” Is Sherlock’s uneager reply. “You on the other hand, seem to love and loathe playing the team’s lapdog.”
Sherlock lowered John onto the, thankfully smooth, cool stone below them. Placing his hands on John's waist and behind his neck, he proceeded to 'try and snog his brains out'. But John was making things a bit difficult by laughing into his mouth whenever his hands brushed a sensitive spot. "Strp leghing, Jehn." It didn't work.
John squashes down the immediate the urge to accompany him. Because that’s unnecessary and Sherlock doesn’t take well to hovering. Telling from the near-shouting match he’d overheard Sherlock having on the phone with his overweight-as-he-is-overbearing older brother. Couldn’t have been a boyfriend given all the sarcastic ‘brother’s’ and ‘brother-dear’s’.
“For what? Fucking his wife?”
John slips open an ancient flip phone and lifts it to his ear to mouth into it.
A hum in agreement. "Yes, 'too'. So I decided to intervene." Sherlock stole a glance at his wrist-watch. "We can continue this discussion in the morning, bed rest is vital." He grasped Johns upper arm and guided him off the counter. "I don't have a concussion?"
“Would you ask them to hurry the hell up?” Mike groaned, long cold and tired from their 4-minute wait. "We've been standing here for hours!"
That did something, finally.
John made to shrug but winced and settled his head on Sherlock's shoulder with a sigh, watching as his frozen breath blew into the sky once more. "Are you thunder?" Sherlock glanced down at him. "Cleary not, I have a physical-"
Greg bared his teeth in a grit snarl.  "What?"
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Received:
“ It all starts when they’re first told they aren’t
John's face went stony at that. "That's bullshit."
Her stern eyes met his in an instant, pinning him in place. He abruptly felt like moving would be a crime, this stare he had been acquainted with many a time. He'd seen that steely determination in so many soldiers. So many. John abruptly felt a new respect swell within him for Mrs. Hudson. As well as a fear. For he'd never been on the receiving end of such a gaze.
for reasons he's unwilling to look into. Reasons unnecessary to know. He hadn't even noticed his vocal pain and isn't that just the icing on the restraining order?
dictate you’ll live the rest of your days meeting clients in lots while you quiver in muted fear. All for some ridiculous sentiment you feel for your cowardly
He quickly discarded the second layer of bandage onto the counter in front of him, fully expecting to see...a scratch, bruising,...punctures.  He was met with the sight of another thin layer. He rose a brow even as his lips twitched and squeezed the bandage between shaking fingers.
“Johnny. Hey, John.”
possible mocking and subconscious flicker of unadulterated gore-ish horror in lieu of
In the end, he settled on his most efficient and simplest idea. Stepping into the next best phone box, he dialled John’s number. His hand hovered above the receiver for a brief moment longer than necessary while he was internally debating whether or not this was just stupid and childish, but he missed hearing John’s voice too much to back away now.
oh and the yule ball is coming up so stay tuned!!!
In Charms, Sherlock was bored. "I've learned these spells during the summer already. So, I'm going to occupy myself otherwise.", he told John who'd risen his eyebrow when Sherlock pulled out a folder alongside his wand and charms book. John nailed the new hex after 5 minutes and then eyed Sherlocks binder. Sherlock probably didn't even notice him staring, or if he did he didnt mind but John didn't want to look at the contents without Sherlocks knowledge. But, as it seemed, Sherlock was in a whole nother world. His hands folded under his chin and with closed eyes, he sat still. "Okay", John decided and practiced a few harder charms he lacked knowledge at in fourth year. After a few more minutes, Sherlock moved again. "Mind telling me what you were doing?", John asked, clearly confused. To that Sherlock smiled and replied rather lamely: "Maybe later. You've finished then?" John nodded. Sherlock then stared at at the other students, practically x-raying one of them with his eyes, John thought. Every few minutes, Sherlock asked John a seemingly random question, apparently wanting to confirm his suspicions. "She's with the guy in first row, isn't she?" John frowned. "No, Kellys dating Ryan, right next to her." "Not for much longer" To that John laughed. "We'll see."
After even Sherlock had devoured a whole plate, an action which seemed to impress Victor, the three left the establishment and walked around. "Wanna go to a bar?", Victor asked with a smirk on his face. "I'm not sure. I don't think I've ever seen Sherlock drink", John answered. "But surely the two of you have been out together..." Silence. "What? You've never seen Sherlock dance?" Victor was astounded. John blinked dumbly while Sherlock said nothing. Victor, walking in between them, slid an arm through each of theirs and dragged them along.
it came out longer than I expected so I split it in two. Still working on the next part.
4. John wasnt in love with Sherlock.
The next morning John woke up early, half-convinced it was all a fever dream. He sat down in his chair and opened the newspaper Mrs Hudson had brought up. But then a strange man wearing Sherlock's robe and sweatpants came into the kitchen and rummaged through the drawers. "What shelf?", he yelled back into the general direction of Sherlock's room. John got up from his chair. "Can I help you?", he asked. The man in Sherlock's dressing gown flinched and jumped very abruptly. "God, you scared me. You must be the flatmate, John, right? Sherlock told me you guys were friends." The man smiled at him widely. "Victor." He offered his hand. John shook it, offering him a tight smile. "Now, can you tell me where the tea is? I fancy a cuppa." John opened the tea drawer. Victor took some teabags out.
Dumbledore was an eccentric man. Just how eccentric Sherlock really only now realised. Having only seen him from far away, he'd never done any specific deductions on him. But as soon as Dumbledore stood in front of him, Sherlock's eyes scanned the headmaster. "Right-handed", "weakness in left knee, possible past injury" or "twitch in left eye" were pretty usual deductions but "leglimens", "gay" and "hopelessly trying out knitting", weren't what he was expecting. The longer he was in Dumbledores presence, the more he noticed.
It didn't take long for them to fall into a routine. John got a job at a clinic. Sherlock went on cases every now and then. He sometimes told John about the stupid Yarders or the interesting cases. John's cane was rotting in his closet, next to his (according to Sherlock) hideous jumpers. But Sherlock hugged him more frequently when John wore them so he knew Sherlock wasn't completely truthful.
The Christmas Dinner was fine too. Sherlock was used to eating now. John's influence really changed him. So Sherlock actually finished a plate full of food. His mother was surprised but wisely decided not to comment. His father entertained him with some musings on the botanic experiment in Sherlocks room, he had watched over it for a bit as it was highly dangerous and possibly lethal. Sherlock was glad to hear about the experiments changes in detail and his father was happy to talk about plants as he was a hobby gardener.
Sherlock's lips were unbelievably soft. His nose fit perfectly against John's and his hands were roaming over John's chest and arms and head, exploring everything. John figured he was cataloguing it all so he let him. John's fingers only carded through Sherlock's curls, twisting and twirling the luscious locks around. Sherlock seemed to enjoy that a lot, humming enthusiastically. But eventually they had to breathe so they broke apart. John laughed out in pure joy and Sherlock joined in, giggling away. There was a rumbling heard from Madam Pomfreys office, so Sherlock quickly climbed back into his own bed.
happy christmas to all who celebrate. im not christian yet i still celebrate it. why? chocolate, duh!
The next song, Victor joined in. The two were laughing and dancing together. John tried to ignore the grumbling feeling in his stomach or at least look away but he couldn't keep his eyes off of Sherlock. Two songs later, the two returned to the bar. Victor drank from his cocktail again and Sherlock sat down next to John on a barstool, still smiling. "Haven't done that in a while!" Victor grinned too do John forced himself to join in. "Not much of a dancer, are you?", Victor asked. John shook his head, still unable to form coherent thoughts. "Okay, try this." Victor held out his drink to Sherlock, who rolled his eyes and, to John's surprise, actually took a sip. "Disgusting." That made even John laugh.
The days went by and Christmas was fast approaching. They didn't talk about the Yule Ball. John never mentioned it and Sherlock didn't bring it up either. John didn't even remark on the other boy's dancing skills when they found a distraught-looking Molly on the school grounds, hopelessly trying to practice dancing and in dire need of a partner so of course Sherlock swooped in and saved her day by explaining the steps to her again and waltzing across the snow with her. This ignorance held up. And so, John prepared for the Yule Ball alone, not having heard a word from Sherlock all day. He figured Sherlock would probably be spending time with his girlfriend before the big ball and tried not to think of it anymore.
That night, they ate at a lovely Italian place. The owner was nice. He knew Sherlock personally and gave them a candle. John thought the "romantic" candle was funny and Sherlock thought John was funny. He told the army doctor about himself and about what a terrible flatmate he would be and John laughed. "Is that your usual pick-up line? I keep toes in my fridge?" Sherlock grinned at him. "Why, is it working?" And John smiled back. Usually he would insist he wasn't gay, a habit he picked up on to avoid being bullied, like his sister. But with Sherlock everything was a little different. "So other than be a full-time crazy scientist, what is it that you do?" "I solve crimes. Consulting detective. I invented the job. The police consult me when they're out of their depth. Which is always.", John laughed at that. "How does it work? Why would they consult you?", John asked. "Because I'm observant. I see things. Like earlier today."
They were found by Greg, which made their relationship public. Greg, who had bet 20 galleons (which translated to roughly five pounds) on 'right before the end of term' was now drowning in gold as their entire social circle collectively gave him their money.
The next morning was a Sunday. John was seated at the Hufflepuff table and enjoying a Full English Breakfast when Sherlock joined him. "Suspects for putting Harry's name in.", he began. John turned to face him. Sherlock was wearing a light blue button-up that was straining slightly at the top buttons. John tried to focuse on his face but that was not helpful. Instead he listened to what he had to say.  "I believe the goblet was tricked into thinking there are four schools instead of three and Harry Potters name got entered as the only participant for the last school. To confuse a magical object this powerful you would need advanced magical knowledge, especially in the dark arts and, obviously, be over 17 in order to actually cross the age line that Dumbledore has drawn." That made John think. "So it could've only been the Durmstramg and Beauxbatons students, 7th and some of the 6th years, staff and organisers." Then John looked at Sherlock. "Oh, perhaps I should mention, it isn't me.", Sherlock said flatly. "I didn't assume that", John defended himself. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "I know fairly much about the case, most people would at least-" "Well, I'm not most people." That must've caught Sherlock off guard, since he didnt respond immediately. "Are you even 17?" "Turning 16 in January, actually" "Well then we're both off the list.", John explained. "Ill be joining you in classes, we can look through the staff and you can help me observe the suspected students." John smiled. "I didn't know you guys were gonna join us in classes." "What else did you think we'd do all year?" John shrugged. "Haven't really thought about it." John now realised that Sherlock hadn't eaten anything. He pointed to one of his sausages. "Try them, theyre really good." "No thank you" John loaded one onto Sherlocks plate anyways. "So, what do you want to do today?" "I think I'd like to go around the castle again. Starting with the Owlery, my brother expects a letter from me." John nodded. "Fine, we can do that, good idea." Sherlock stood up. John added "After we've eaten." Sherlock contemplated. He could go alone without eating or eat a sausage and have John's company. Reluctantly he demolished the stupid sausage and took a swig of water from his goblet. John stood up and he lead the way.
The four left the headmaster's office and seperated, Harry and Hermione in the direction of the Gryffindor tower and Sherlock and John downstairs. "Where are we going? Oh no. Not again", John realised. "No, I have to!" Sherlock went ahead and John followed him grudgingly into the dungeons. "I don't want to mess with Snape!", John told him, clearly agitated. "Oh come on, I need these ingredients." They were stealing potions ingredients for the Felix Felicis Sherlock wanted to brew. Once they overheard Snape accusing Harry of stealing the ingredients for polyamide potion, which Sherlock deduced he didn't do. But Sherlock wasn't responsible for the missing boomslang skin either. Snape, being the bully that he was, also threatened to use Veritaserum on Harry. Sherlock had just rolled his eyes, because obviously it wasn't him.
Sherlock had been excited all day. Noone could tell, as he behaved no different from usual. Noone except John. He saw that Sherlocks posture was even straighter than usual (which he could only think ironically after the events of the yule ball), his eyes were fluttering from one person to another, his usual staring much quicker finished. And there was a slight shiver in his hands, that he flexed more often than usual. And if you looked at him very carefully, you could see a small smile grazing his lips ever so often. Class, having started a few days prior again, seemed to go by slower than usual. John kept wondering what Sherlock was so excited about that he actually didn't pay attention in class. Normally, Sherlock would act like he didn't care about the lessons, as he most likely already knew everything taught in them, but still keep an open ear for all of it. But not that day. That day he was actually lost in thoughts.
So, with sleep’s adamant little claws tugging at his lids and a shy purse to his lips, John ignores the tickly fluttering in his stomach as he grips a bony shoulder and hip, somehow prominent beneath the soft hoodie—or maybe he was gripping too hard. Scooting them over to meet their middle like some kind of weird puzzle in one swift, self-conscious motion. And earns a rather feeble groan and sluggish retreat. Then, an abruptly flamboyant and startlingly sober flip turning his back to John-- making him momentarily resemble a fish-- and a rather rough pull of his hood over his head seem characteristically forbidding.
"Obviously, do catch up, John." Replied the passionately distracted beanpole. John would ask what was making him so antsy later...or not. Seeing as most distracted and barking mad geniuses probably weren't particularly interested in dull, Neanderthal drug dealers. Swallowing down a rather bitter emotion, John wryly responded. "Is she even in?"
Sherlock doesn’t react, just bats his eyes, tilting his head a bit and says. “Yes, that’s what most assume. The process can...be misleading.”
It's dark when he returns to hell—Birkbeck. The sky a blackish hue of dark blues. Stars glitter down at him mockingly and he feels anger spike for Pluto. And the university's out-of-date academics. They must have dated back before 2006 at least. That's when Pluto was officially acknowledged as what it truly
It was informal and vague, just how John liked it. Try tracking that back, twats. He wiped a snowflake off his screen and sighed, watching the graceful swirl of white dissipate. "They'll be here. Why don't you take a seat?" John suggested distractedly. He was rewarded with a snort and glanced back to see Mike lean against the wall and cross his arms over his pudgy middle. "Because my arse'll be frozen to the bloody ground, that's why."
- I can assure you that you cannot expect to live longer than week."'s.
Clenching his gloveless hands, John tried to recall the low for today's weather forecast he’d half-way listened to on the telly this morning. Damned distracting hand-gun. “Would you ask them to hurry the hell up?” Mike groaned, long cold and tired from their 4-minute wait. "We've been standing here for hours!"
Indulgent self-destruction. Absurdism. Insanity. What a waste. And that’s all it is. Living and being alive appear to be two different things in the eyes of realist and a sociopath. Who knew? He does—surprise, surprise-- and he intends to make the most of his next seventeen years. And not by giving in to getting takeout or shagging a perfect stranger whenever he feels particularly aware of how dead he is inside. Nor every day.
In a breathtaking show of adherent dignity for hypothesizing, Sherlock raises his hand in a hesitant wave.
John looked through the window with a resigned sigh, it didn't appear to be letting up anytime soon. "Yes, that would be more wise wouldn't it?" He muttered rhetorically.
Sherlock scowled and bit out a "God bless you both." and quietly closed the door. Ignoring how Christie's downturned eyes shown with tears.
His optimistic mind supplied helpfully.
The head of dark hair, nearly identical in appearance to Cujo (Sherlock shivers), whips around and then up to the ascending row behind him. Thinly groomed eyebrows furrow up at him in apparent surprise and grave exhaustion. His female counterpart mimics his direction of sight and onto him.
“Oh, Yes!” He indulges the pathetic pun, it being physically impossible to keep his tone clear of any and all sarcasm. “I just wasn’t counting on it being rabid or existent! Be a dear and co-contact animal control?!”
"Why? Because I'm a man?" Sherlock titlted his head, even as his posture slackened. "This isn't the 1960s, Watson. I'm not concerned with man's fragile masculinity, nor their unrealistic façades created in effort to fulfill women's standard. Stereotypes are worthless and stifling."
“Pleased to make your acquaintance.” He subsequently smoothens politely, calling back on his inner-clinical. “I look forward to our rooming this year.”
To which Sherlock derisively questioned his partners timeframes and asking when their next reprisal was scheduled. That John, the idiot, finally relented. Now he was seated on the plush chair next to Sherlock's with his hands clutching the arm rests as he leant forward. An incredulous expression marred his bruised face.
"Maybe
it?" He tried to clarify. He could have sworn he dropped back in the alley.
Heedless of the peripheral assault, John peered inside the faux-ancient, Chinese carriage. And there his mayor lay. A clean hole dribbled a neat line of now-dried and crusted blood down his pale forehead. John felt a pang of sympathy for the man and his family.
Sally didn't. "You can't just let him force you like this. It's ridiculous! For all we know this guy could be his drug dealer!"
Handing the maître d his coat and scarf with a polite smile, Sherlock cupped his hands over his mouth and blew. Dear god, his hands were numbing after a mere two minutes of exposure to the cold. He took in his familiar surroundings over the tips of his warming fingers. This club had always been one of his favorites, it wasn't loud and chaotic like others. The clubs
John felt angry tears burn his eyes as his chest seared with rage. He was fucking indignant at this point. Sherlock wasn't even retaliating. Why wasn't he retaliating?
The man moved so quickly he fell into a plastic tree.
Highly doubting he'd receive a coherent answer he briskly walked down another alleyway once he saw a lone figure at a bus station, looks like he'd have to enter his flat through the back way. "Worrying is like walking around with an umbrella and waiting for it to rain." Sherlock blinked confusedly down at John, not expecting the philosophical answer. "Yes, but what if there's very clearly going to be a rain storm? Thunder, lightning, drug addicts?" He grumbled the last bit and looked ahead.
And blinks as his hand is slowly eased from his control, a warm thumb brushes the underside of his wrist as it’s moved,  coaxing his bleeding calm with a hesitant sort of determination. Warm, slender fingers come up to rest over the lightly fisted ones of his right hand with care. Their laxly joined hands crumple the rustled bedding between them upon their swift descent with a quiet little pat.
Cute. John rolls his eyes when he reaches the door and tosses back a, “I’ll be right back.” locking the door behind him.
Sherlock hums in question—might as well get introductions over with--, still scrawling up tedious trig. Yes ABC is a right angle at A, yes ABD and ABC apply to Pythagora’s theorem, yes he’s Birkbeck’s mathematical whore for the next four years. What does he get? X equating AC and AD and a triangle so aesthetically displeasing it makes his skin crawl.
Feeling his teeth momentarily clatter from the impact, John hissed.
But it made for a bitter metaphor. A bitter independence. It was him against the world. Sure, he'd always be there for those in need, for those who asked. And with that he was content. Although recently, he'd begun to question his giving nature and its consumers, sure he continued his services... Perhaps for the selfish hope that it may be returned someday.
John, feeling light and proud, laughed at the teasing tone-not even alarmed that an authority figure had just implied he'd considered employing him (best not to think about it)- and handed over the notepad illustrating the track line. "As if you'd need me. You've got Sherlock." John lightly knocked his shoulder against Sherlock's still form beside him.
The position almost coquettish, if John didn’t know any better. He wonders if he should be alarmed at the apparent stare, though he only ponders the strangeness of it with a fleeting frown, eyes tracing over slender shoulders hunched and crimped up to level on either side of a sharp jaw. Contours shapely despite his features looking soft in appearance. Serene, pliant and mellow. It makes something slow and warm bloom in John’s chest through his groggy daze. So he grins back, feeling like he’s missing something terribly important but not terribly urgent. And still pleased to have this sweetly scary boy in his bed looking at him like that.
He'd rather die screaming than grant this repugnant scum the mere micro of satisfaction. And yet. He briefly recalls when he was a child, when he calloused himself by refusing to cry over menial happenstance. As most children his age had. It worked for a while, and achieved in his teachers assuming he was psychotic.
Sherlock lifted the neon-yellow police-tape, the color hurt his peripherals. Didn't want anyone running into it though. Morons. Allowing John to dunk underneath it as well, and
He was met with a snort and glanced back to see Mike lean against the wall and cross his arms over his pudgy middle. "Because my arse'll be frozen to the bloody ground, that's why."
"But-" She whirled on him and pulled Daryll towards her, smacking a wet messy kiss on his lips. Daryll froze and blinked. Carrie pulled back with a glare and smeared hot pink lipstick. "There's no time, now come
"HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME?!"
John blinks at the offer. “What?”
“Oh hush.” Sherlock breathes out, done. And flips his book back his last page. Lucky him, he’d learned to fold the corners after every page he turned, for reasons such as  Irene Adler, in all her meddling, 18+ glory. One day he’s imploring a change of perspective from the professor for his appalling signature line ‘
The security guard shook his head again. "I-I'm sorry, mam. I can't allow you to-" Moriarty turned back to the woman when he saw the security guards face go white. Watching in growing surprise as the woman's face formed an animalistic sneer.
Whatever, the last thing he needed were the cops on his rear. Outrunning Scottland Yard was never an easy task. Scottland Yard’s always reveled in hunting down gangs down like rats. But only ones that got too fat, too sloppy.
Sherlock blinked slowly, annoyance heavy on his features as he turned to look inside the café. “Mrs Hudson.”
John watched as the steam billowed out of his cup in a slow whirl, the cup warm between his raw palms. Sherlock sat across from him in his plush red chair, staring at him with narrowed eyes every now and again as he sipped at his tea, maneuvering the tissue on his bleeding nose to take a sip. It was practically a blizzard outside, John noted as he observed the white flurry rushing just outside the window. John cleared his throat. "So, care to explain?" Sherlock's narrowed gaze slid to him from over his tissue. "What is it you would like me to
quite a lot of plot happening here... also FINALLY johnlock
When they were safe, at a secret spot in the library they'd discovered some time ago ( There was a small room of sorts with a window behind two shelves. They had brought up blankets to create a makeshift couch and some potion experiment of Sherlock's that was simmering away in the sun ages ago. John also had a few books laying around. It made for a nice hideout.), Sherlock started laughing with the adrenaline of being chased. But John looked at him, slightly pissed. "Why do you never say anything?" "John, you know I say lots of thi-" "When someone assumes we're together." Sherlocks laughing subsided. "Because I don't care what they think. Why bother?" Sherlock couldn't read John's gaze. "I'm not involved in all of that tedious love business. So why involve myself?" John looked away. They didn't say anything for a while after that. Sherlock almost regretted his words. What if he just told the truth for once: 'I don't say anything because I'd like it to be true.' But Sherlock knew that could never happen.
Precisely one hour and thirteen minutes later, Sherlock’s patience paid off when a short man stopped in front of the row of traffic cones on the pavement, frowned in annoyance and turned around to take a detour. It was always the same: the world’s only consulting detective fixed his eyes on John, tried to read the man as thoroughly as he could from the distance. The moustache was still there- unfortunately- and his friend looked healthy, balanced and, to the casual observer, completely fine. To Sherlock, he was like an open book.
But Sherlock
When everything had been easy.
For now, they needed maintenance. Sherlock put on the atrocious helmet and picked up a traffic cone. He wasn’t seriously going to do the job of a road worker, but he had to blend in if he wanted to stay hidden.
Sherlock picked up and listened. He didn’t have to wait long until a confused “Hello? John Watson here, who am I talking to?” broke the uncomfortable silence. The detective was unable to move, to speak, to do anything at all. He had intended to pretend to be a salesman or call for a telephone survey, but John’s voice, that close to his ear, made it impossible for him to think and maybe for the first time ever in his life, his hard-working brain went completely blank.
Although he must have been the most conspicuous person in the crowd with this reflecting orange outfit, John didn’t even pay attention to Sherlock. Good. Well, not good, but good. Sherlock was close to shouting out his partner’s name, eager to see how he would stop in his tracks and turn around to face him and finally look into his eyes after all this time. Then he would make a call, cancel his date and walk back to 221B with him, maybe have a meal at the restaurant they had visited on their first case. John would ask him to tell the whole story, and Sherlock would, god, he would do
There he was. John Watson, still with that moustache, still seeing but not observing when he bumped into a taller man dressed in old, worn-out clothes who carried a simple plastic bag in his hand, clutching onto the thing just a bit too tightly, almost as if he needed to hold onto something so he wouldn’t reach out and hug that short ex-army doctor.
From what Sherlock knew, there wasn’t much to criticize about John Watson, and if there was, he would gladly ignore it or pretend there were no flaws at all, despite knowing that flaws were what made people human and John was the most human being he had ever encountered. No, there was nothing he would complain about now, but one thing he had told his best friend in the past was that he saw without observing, and this little flaw was the biggest advantage he had right now. It was probably the only reason why he managed to stay remotely sane these days if he had to be honest with himself- something he rarely did.
dead, at least to him.
to spend time with John again.
“So sorry” a familiar voice called out as empty plastic bottles spilled all over the concrete at their feet. Sherlock immediately started picking them up, and, being the kind man he knew so well, John knelt down to help him with the task. Simultaneously, they both reached out for the last one, almost touching,
His phone began to vibrate, Sherlock quietly cursing before the device could shatter onto the floor. It was Lestrade. Sherlock bounced on his heels and up to the frosted window. Allowing it to ring four more times before answering. The man had been giving him horrifically simple cases for months now. Honestly, he'd nearly tossed the stack of resumes back in the audacious imbeciles mug. Did they really expect to have the most observant man in the world leaf through resumes for fun?
Jesus, he might've damn well carved John's name into their forehead and had them pliant and silent. Sitting there quivering in fear as he explained the process of a
About to protest the shagging location, Sherlock narrowed his eyes on the now John-less rock peak. Then, he decided. He would not be out done by this midget.
So here he lay, finally, completely, utterly, indubitably, incontrovertibly
Sherlock feels colder. “How did you know I ran off—“
Sherlock scoffed as though the papers were insulting his livelihood and tossed another booklet aside, immediately reaching for another. Who the hell could he be hiring (John winced as another resume was thrown down carelessly, poor Eduardo hadn't a snowballs chance in hell.) and for what? "Speaking of which, it's probably done. Washing cycles generally take around fourty-five minutes, not seventy-two hours."
Then John laughed. The sound sharp and disbelieving. As if it were impossible for someone to be so insensitive. Emotionless.
John met his eyes for a moment and stared. Accidently starting a staring contest of sorts. Which mostly composed of John trying to label at least one shade of Sherlock's unusual eyes. Was that
“What?”
And there ‘him’ was. Swaying to the now calm and low chorus of La Vie En Rose, taking diminutive steps from left to right, if only to pass it off as dancing and not attract attention. He looked at other lovers simply breathing each-other in with a quiet sort of longing. Nursing a half full glass of champagne all the while. The dancing skills weren't to die for, but the man himself- as even Sherlock had to admit- was quite a sight. Dressed in a fitting tan dress suit, a soft pink dress shirt, and black tie. All in complementing contrast to each other. Good, he wasn't a complete moron. His hair was a sandy blond, short, and well kept. He seemed to have applied some hair product as well. He
Mike was a rather thick and stocky fellow. And he was strong, don't get him wrong, but his resolve was pretty weak.
Kevin cocked his head at him, a sly grin slowly but surely baring his teeth. "Such a good friend, always looking out for me."
With a quiet inhale through his nose, he removes the hand propping up his chin to slump onto his side. Left side of his face smushed into his pillow. Apparently sound in his confidence that Sherlock wouldn’t suddenly flip off the bed and ask him what the hell he thought he was doing. John resumes as requested. Sliding his entire hand over from Sherlock’s sternocleidomastoid and down the delicate slope of his shoulder, moving lower to a no-longer-quivering tricep. Good, he was warm now then. Through the darkness of the room he can discern, as well as feel, slumped shoulders of a figure. Pretty much just a mound of clothing and blanket, a few inches from his nose. And the ache that had momentarily plagued his chest earlier has all but morphed into a steadily seeping calm. Sherlock is right here. His heart beats an unwavering thrum beneath his hand. The door is locked and the world is dead to them.
-peoples body parts in his flat?”
The British man replied, the farewell flowing native and smooth. An extra twenty dollar bill found its way into his offered palm. Pleasantly surprised, he went to thank his passenger. Only to be met with the sight of his car door slamming closed and the dark silhouette fading from beyond the window. He was a strange one. The driver found himself watching the receding shadow for a bit longer until it disappeared. A newfound smile curving his features, he pocketed the twenty and fondly shook his head before driving off in search of more clients. Despite what some might think, it wasn’t particularly hard to find business at 2 am. Downtown was always alive and kicking.
A calm hand landed on his shoulder and he jumped a bit and peered over his shoulder.
inhibitions, all whilst I hang above a fiery pit. For all of eternity." His voice gradually became dull and wry. A sharp noise escaped Sarah, sounding suspiciously similar to humored hysteria. "Thinking 'why?' 'why didn't I heed that plastic woman's warning?'-"
It wasn't until Ludwig Van Beethoven's 5th Symphony in C Minor came on and John's incessant bladder's urges that they decided to call it quits. When they reached the bar they were laughing, well, John mostly. "Who could possibly dance to that
Sherlock scoffed. "Of course not. Well, not
The metallic clang of decade-worn handy-work of a heavy door smothers whatever heckling laid afoot. Great, now Sherlock and himself were dead men.
Sherlock blew out a breath, making his bangs float. “Do I really look that young? You haven’t even seen my face.” And why would John suddenly care for his specifics? Especially something so random? He hadn’t even gotten a good look at Sherlock’s face, nor Sherlock of him—save for his file. Ah, could he have been told of Sherlock’s attitude prior to--
“I’ve reached a conclusion!” A boisterous declaration punctually breaks the crackling air grandiloquently, this time the voice is new. John peers up just enough to find a pair of legs clad in dark denim amble towards him before they crouch, granting him the sight of Epiphany Boy’s chocolate face a good few inches from his own. He’s far too cheerful to breathe around John at the moment.
Thinking Sherlock was being philosophical again, he answers in kind, hands still trifling through his laundry basket distractedly, he always folds his socks first.  “Why are you always so eager to deny?”
A nervous chuckle. “No reason—“
He thought, the monsters panting behind him echoed in his eardrums. It wouldn't have been so bad to hear if he'd been in a different situation. A situation involving more attractive, naked people and less manic druggies.
Sherlock is hiding.
John met Lestrade's gaze sternly. "This guy knows what he's doing, he wouldn't risk a miss."
"You can either stay down there, and not get laid-" John called down the suggestion with his hand cupped around his mouth to create a makeshift megaphone. "-or join me!"
“Ah, sorry.” John drones a bit and blindly pats an arm, reasonably dog-tired down to his bones by now. Between their awkward trek back in silence after Sherlock’s butt-attempt at lightening the mood by informing him of how their intimate position would go seen and gossiped about by the entirety of the surveillance crew—and later the entire university—and John’s immediate, irate, exhaustion-induced ‘Good.’ , a rather poor abscond attempt to escape heinous hydrogen peroxide swabs from reaching their sanguinary destination and an even more brutal tackle to the fucking bed—nearly hitting the floor, god damn this guy was death on legs—though it was more of a fortunate trip over something that sounded dangerous and allowed John a
Greg eyed 'him' with interest, his arms crossed and holding a walkie-talkie between them as he silently judged.
“Girlfriend.”
"And why didn't you wash these as well?" John asked with raised eyebrows and waving his pants for emphasis. "When I suggested it you said the cow would catch a cold, I didn't want that." John exhaled in annoyance, desperately wracking his brain for memories of what happened after he was attacked and dragged into this flat half dead by Sherlock.
“What, no, you idiot,” Sherlock swivels back indignantly at the honorific (and, once more, ouch.), John rolls his eyes before continuing. “I was looking for you.”
But as he allows his grip on the calmed boy to slack invitingly, his fingers slipping through silky dark curls that look every bit as soft as they feel. Only for his fingers to come back soaked in sticky red. He finds he can’t really help it. Can’t help the stupidly vivid image of Sherlock’s eyes, uncharacteristically wide in alarm, pain, and perhaps raw fear managing to break past through the crinkle of his brow and purse of his lips as some unknown figure  looms above, as menacing as it is promising.
He ignored it. The hotels name rang a bell, it rang a few. Except they were all located in the deepest and most embarrassingly disused crevices of his mind. Seeming as though he could turn down a corridor and see its tail just whip around the corner before it scurried down another hall. Leaving nothing but alarm in its wake. He just couldn't
With a silent sigh, he relents the inward chastising. John had more important matters at hand. And the sight before him has only aided his unease. John rushes down the way they came, with nowhere better in mind anyways. Not accusing, not saying his teammate was a bully or possible murderer.
“No, no, nononononono—“ John, human-esque John, naïvely-loyal-to-a-conditioned-cause with smiles bright enough to burn eyes from plasma screens and in possession of a giving spirit so equanimous-ly bright as well it seems just shy of masochistic. Appears to have undertaken a sociopathic narcissist intimately aware of humanity’s ruthless system obscured by its own whim in a self-given advantage. Whom of which has also endeavored to remain as autonomous and passionately blacklisted as he could manage without being accused of practicing vivisection on babies. At his worst, Sherlock entertains the occasional sadistic streak on behalf of those rejecting rejectee's despite them all desiring the same, placidly exact, thing. (Efficacious brain cell usage, people, it’s not strictly arithmetic, don’t fret.)
Now he only did it because going harpooning for boars made Mrs. Hudson nervous. ...plus, he could delve into their pasts and find any ties to an earlier enemy. Maybe one was trying contact him.
"It's different."
“Correct, and might I just say how pleased I am at your calculation skills and their timeframe.”
attended, with blasting music you couldn't speak over, drinking until they toppled over. Juveniles practically eloping on the dance floor. Oh, no. Aux Trois Mailletz had maintained its class throughout the years, for which Sherlock was exceedingly grateful.
Oh, had the rumor already gotten out? This was hysterical. And the threat so absurd. Greg had already been made aware of his sexuality, either by observation (he was ex-DI after all) or by Mycroft. So he'd know Anderson was lying right off the bat. He even asked Sherlock to keep the preference he never put out for a secret. Looking ashamed of his school's reputation all the while. Which is exactly why Sherlock says this instead.
"Breaking all your fingers underneath my leather shoes- they're Santoni too!" Moriarty crooned and shuffled his feet. "Watching as you scream and cry in pain-ugh-AHHHH-NO-STOP-though it will almost always be in vain." He created a series of suffering sounds during the middle of his verse and leant down to the rifles level. "Silly Lestrade, thinking you could stop me-more specifically my bullets velocity-but you failed soooo." He cocked the gun and aimed the scope on the head of Charles Abramson as he waved excitedly at his fans through the silk red curtain. Narrowing his eye he finished the verse with pursed lips and one widened eye. "Mister Charles Abe's has gotta go, gotta go." And he fired.
So outside he stayed.
The internet had been his eleventh attempt to quell his "stir-crazy" as Mrs. Hudson had so kindly put it, but it had only satisfied him for so long, he'd even resorted to a cat video ('a'. Not plural. One.). If only to see what all the fuss was about. It wasn't really his cup of tea, though he now understood how one could become obsessed with such garbage.
to cool him down. His body seems to be evaporating the harsh liquid the second it comes in contact with his smoldering skin. It's as if he's his own breathing sauna, cleansing him from the inside out. It's intoxicating.
In an effort to distract himself from the shredded and bloody mess that was his lower body and out of curiosity, he asked. "Why did you help me?" Sherlock didn't pause in his ministrations. "Because you needed help, obviously." John gasped softly as the dressing was wrapped tightly on a sore spot and replied as he continued staring forward. "Well, yes. But you don't seem like the type to offer hospitality so casually." He choked out a bit as he caught sight of rather gruesome cut with stitches in his peripheral vision.
Thankfully, Sherlock came to. "You're... welcome, John. You're welcome." Nodding as though annoyed at his verbal stumbling, Sherlock focused on the rubber appendage- definitely rubber- again. Really realistic rubber. Damn, look at that
Barking sharing likeness to a lions roar echoes in his ears. And he suddenly remembers he’d left his earphones on Irene’s vanity before he taking his book-bag.
"You sure?" Mike asked looking unsure. He'd been wary after an incident with a nightly peddling a week ago, it was pretty brutal but he managed to make it out with no more serious than a bruise or two. Luckily, John had found them before things became anything too illegal and played the concerned citizen, threatening to call the police, and shooing the druggies off to their caves to recommence their druggie things.
1. Sherlock and Irene were a thing. Sherlock was straight.
"John I-"
He returned to Hogwarts two weeks later. He was overjoyed to see Sherlock and his other friends again, albeit a bit sad to leave his sister behind. But they promised to keep in touch and once Sherlocks eyes met his, his worried were forgotten. They embraced each other quickly, stepping away again after the blink of an eye. John was still a bit confused because apparently they hugged now. But they grinned at each other and exchanged stories of their holidays.
The next morning was the morning of the third task. Sherlock found John at breakfast. It was weird. After last night it felt as if there was a new undercurrent in their friendship. But he shrugged it off and sat down to let himself be persuaded to eat a croissant. Everyone was buzzing with anticipation. The third and final task. The entire school rushed down to the arena. "A maze." Sherlock nodded. Soon the champions arrived and Bagman declared Harry and Cedric to be the current leading party, therefore being granted a headstart. The two smiled at each other and let go of the others hands to go into two separate tunnels. Moody closed the tunnel behind Harry. Sherlock tried to focus on Krum, about to follow the two Hogwarts champions. But he couldn't take his eyes off of Moody. "Always have been the slow little brother", Mycroft sneered in his head. He had been missing something monumental, having been caught up in other cases, school and his feelings for John. And then it clicked.
John was on the lookout. He was usually psyched about dangerous missions, but he wasn't having any of this Stealing-from-Snape business. Once Sherlock had filled his pockets with occamy eggshell, squill bulb and thyme tincture, the two swiftly fled the dungeons. On their way up they heard a creaking sound. Sherlock instinctively pulled John closer to him, looking for a hiding place. But John knew the castle a little better and pulled his friend behind a tapestry. "Moody", Sherlock whispered and cast a confundus in the general direction of the noise. It seemed to work, as Moody didn't make any witty comments as he usually would, always seeing through everything. "What's he doing down here?", John asked once Moody had decended all the stairs. Sherlock peeked out of the tight space "I believe we've found our potions thief. As Moody limped back up the stairs, John saw Sherlock inhale. "Definitely boomslang skin. He's the thief Snape was going on about", Sherlock whispered once Moody was further away. "Why would he need polyjuice potion?", Sherlock said aloud. "He's all about vigilance, maybe it's self-preservation." "Yes, maybe", Sherlock answered, not convinced. John quietly coughed, drawing attention to their position. Their bodies were pressed against the wall and each other, nudged into the small space behind the tapestry. Sherlock nodded awkwardly and stepped out, John following him.
When Fleur got out early without her sister, Sherlock guessed that the Grindelohs took her down. Soon it was announced that he was correct. "The markings on her arm". was Sherlocks explanation. John was shivering now, no longer having his scarf, and Sherlock scooted closer until their shoulders, hips and thighs were touching sideways. That warmed John up for a slightly different reason,  but worked nonetheless.
They arrived at the crime scene mere minutes later. Sherlock practically jumped out of the cab and jogged into the park. Victor chuckled. "Adorable when there's a murder, isn't he?", he asked John. John blushed furiously and nodded. The two ducked under the tape and Sally did a doubletake. "Who is that?" "Friend of Sherlocks. Victor Trevor!", he introduced himself. He shook her hand and she only stuttered something. John snorted and walked over to Sherlock, who was kneeling next to one of the bodies. All of the corpses had a weirdly large headwound, ultimating in their demise.
Later that day, the minister visited again to "sort this out". Fudge had left after the chaos of the third task, since there had been trouble in the ministry because of it. Cedric, Fleur and Viktor, being of age, threatened him to either accept the fact that Voldemort was back or to face a campaign of backlash from them, including but not limited to protests at the ministry, testification under veritaserum, showing their memories or generally interviews with any newspaper that would listen to their story. So Fudge gave in and announced that the Dark Lord was back the same evening.
Downstairs, he found Sherlock drinking tea. "Made a cup for you as well." "What did you do?", John immediately asked. "What?" "You never make tea. Therefore something happened. Out with it, what happened?" But Sherlock only smiled and assured him: "I didn't do anything other than make tea." John raised an eyebrow in suspicion. "Is this drugged?" Sherlock shook his head, confused. Carefully he raised the cup to his lips. Sherlock was watching him with interest. John frowned at that and took a sip.
(See the end of the chapter for
ooh, this was fun. I hope you'll enjoy.
With boredom settling in, Sherlock let his gaze drift over students, deducing. Looking at the nearby table of Gryffindors, he watched and observed. That redheaded boy- fourth year, many siblings, poor family and fairly infatuated with Fleur. The boy next to him not so much, he had black har and glasses and- and was Harry Potter. Sherlock was sitting right in front of the two, just one table in between, looking at the back of a girls head. Muggleborn. Hard-working and very invested in school work. But right between her head and Harry's, Sherlock saw a Hufflepuff immediately looking away. Hmm. Could be interesting.
Sherlock retrieved the apple without Miranda or McGonagall noticing. Of course, without magic, otherwise it would've been cheating. About 40 seconds after Sherlock sat down with the apple in hand, Mirandas egg cracked and exploded into something mildly resembling a chicken. Sherlock and John, of course, reacted completely calm and didn't laugh one bit.
When they arrived a the crime scene, Sherlock held up the yellow tape for John too. Anderson and Donovan were too stunned to complain about John's presence and soon found that they didn't have a reason to do so. With John around, Sherlock wasn't as cold. The amount of hurtful deductions to annoy people minimalised. John was also experienced in the medical field and made some useful discoveries about the body. So from then on John joined Sherlock on cases.
Irene did not lie, Sherlock flew incredibly good. His movements were precise yet fast, he looked like he was dancing over the sky. "Stop staring, John. Remember the rules!", he said to himself. Harry and Cedric were chasing after the snitch, both lightning fast. The first task was going to go down in only a few days and the two were a bit nervous and constipated but seemed to let the pressure out in the sport. Good for them. John didn't know how to channel his emotions properly. The thought of Sherlock captivated his mind constantly but he did feel like he was betraying both Sherlock and Irene, whom he had grown to like in the last few weeks. The rules were hard to follow. 'John wasnt jealous' and 'John wasn't gay' were part of them after all. But he honestly wasnt. It was just... Sherlock...
Sherlock now had a very special person at his side. Next to him, in their bed. In front of him, in their chairs. Close to him, when cuddling. And John was very important to Sherlock. So Sherlock wanted to show him that by moving his lab equipment into the vacant bedroom and buying milk when coming home and softly touching John constantly.
The next morning Sherlock was one of the first at breakfast, with the intention of eating an apple and packing some things to experiment on later that day. The Goblet of Fire was positioned in the middle of the Great Hall. Sherlock observed some of the possible contestants and tried to deduce who would win. He already knew that Fleur would end up being the Beauxbatons champion, having known her for several years, especially close when Irene and her were an item. She didn't hate him and he could tolerate her but they did not appreciate the other's company enough to be more than acquaintances. Yet when she put her name into the goblet they locked eyes for a moment. His eyebrow raised when she exchanged her snobby expression for a neutral one and turned around to leave. Interesting.
Victor finished his cup soon and continued chatting to Sherlock. John didn't bring himself into the conversation. At some point Victor stood up and went back to Sherlock's room to get dressed. Sherlock, laying on the sofa until now, got up and reclaimed his chair. Again, there was a subtle limp in his walk. John gulped. Sherlock paid it no mind, checking his phone instead. The robe had loosened a little, showing a deep red mark at the side of Sherlock's neck. John concentrated on the paper again. After a while Victor came back, now dressed. He left with the words "I'll see you later, then. Join us, John!".
-- --- .-. ... .   -.-. --- -.. .  - --- ---
John was sitting on the couch, Sherlock next to him. "John, tell me", Sherlock pleaded. "Please, I want to know." John shook his head and Sherlock took his hand. "John, tell me. I promise I won't find it embarrassing." John shook his head again, but Sherlock held up one hand to catch it. Sherlocks beautiful hands were now caressing his cheeks. "Please" But John only looked into his green eyes and leant in. Sherlock returned the gesture and suddendly they were kissing. John closed his eyes and leant into it.
Sherlock had come to terms with his atraction to John. It was fascinating to be honest. If John touched his arm, his arm tingled afterwards. If John whispered in his ear, Sherlock blushed. And if John smiled, Sherlocks heartrate increased significantly. Things like that were usually the kind of things he deduced on other people but experiencing it all himself was... different. With his feelings for John, his "John room" had grown too. He now stored mental images of John, his facial expressions, mostly smiles, his clothes, eyes, smell, the way that he talked, the things he talked about and the things he made him feel in it. He liked spending time in that room. But he liked spending time with John in the present even more. Like right now. Sherlock snapped out of his thoughts and into reality again. They were playing quidditch. Sherlock as chaser. He hit the ball into the ring. John couldnt catch it. "You ARE good at this.", John called out. "Why thank you!" Sherlock replied sarcastically and quickly dodged a bludger. It flew into the general direction of Harry and Cedric who were chatting whilst the snitch reamined unseen. They dodged as well and the bludger got back to Gavin. John had introduced him earlier. Sherlock deduced he wanted to be an auror and was a halfblood. The game was pretty fast since the snitch was caught soon enough. Harry caught it and Cedric was congratulating him on it. They would have to face the first task soon enough. Sherlock already knew it was dragons and was sure they knew too. Harry, chivalrous, brave and magnanimous as he was, probably told Cedric.
John just followed Sherlock, who was now approaching the Gryffindor table. He tapped on Hermiones shoulder. "Could you scoot over a bit, i'd like to talk to you.", he asked politely. She eyed him suspiciously. "Hey Sherlock, Hi John!", Harry greeted the two enthusiastically. Sherlock gave him a brief smile but then turned back to Hermione. John sat down next to Harry and the two indulged in Hermiones and Shelocks conversation. "What's your theory? On how Skeeter knows all this." She didn't answer. Sherlock sighed. "You're muggborn, you probably know that this isn't the normal kind of information newspapers should be aware of. She's finding out somewhere." Hermione nodded, deep in thought. "I suppose that he actually asked you to visit him, where were you when that happened." "The lake, right after he second task." His brows furrowed. "Were you close to any people who could tell her? She wouldn't have been allowed to leave the seats at that time." "No..." Sherlock tried again. "Anything off about the situation?" She shook her head again. "I have an idea but to prove it, I'll need more distinctive proof. Could you two meet me here once your lessons are over?", he asked both Harry and Hermione. Harry nodded immediately while Hermione did so slowly, as if still considering whether Sherlock was trustworthy or not. Then Sherlock stood up and went back to the Hufflepuff table. "I'll see you later then, ta!", John added. The rest of breakfast went by painfully. John wanted to ask Sherlock about his theory but when they arrived back at the Huflepuff table where Molly just sat down, grinning happily. "I've got a boyfriend!" "Congratulations!", John and Mike called out. Some of the girls around them also tuned in. "His name is Jim and he's from Durmstrang." And the rest of breakfast was spent by supportively talking to Molly who was gushing about her new boyfriend. John forgot what he wanted to ask Sherlock.
The two stumbled into the crime scene, not believing what they just witnessed. Sally asked incredulously: "Who was that?" Sherlock was confused: "The victim?" "No! The man you took a cab with!" "Oh, that was John." "John?", Philip asked. "It's a perfectly simple name, I believed that even you would've been able to understand it, Anderson!", Sherlock snapped. "Anyways. The victim had a connection to the murderer. They knew each other on a personal basis." The consulting detective went on to explain his deductions, talking to himself, just as usual.
ahhh I really hoped you enjoyed this! it's all over the place as a whole but I did love writing it :)
just some everyday stuff. and confusing feelings of course.
They arrived at Baker Street soon thereafter. Sherlock sat down in his armchair and watched John do the same. Sherlock's brow twitched and his gaze took on a quizzical quality, as if he was trying to figure out something entirely new about John. But John wasn't outright telling him anything. He just returned the stare and smiled gently. So Sherlock gave up and asked:"What did you talk about with Victor?" John's face lit up red with embarrassment. "Nothing." Sherlock frowned. "It wasn't nothing, by the looks of it." John sighed. "No, it wasn't nothing." Sherlock looked at him expectantly. "Goodnight." John left Sherlock wondering, sitting in his armchair.
They got back to Hogwarts after the meal. John spent the rest of the day with Greg. And Sherlock spent the rest if the day alone as Irene and Cho had some urgent matters to attend to. And both John and Sherlock tried their hardest to figure out why feelings were so complicated.
3. John wasn't gay.
"Join you to what?" "Dinner. Victor is in town for a while and this morning we discussed to meet later." John nodded. "I'm not sure I should impose-" "Nonsense! Victor wants you there. Besides, I'm sure you're both eager to get to know each other", Sherlock cut him off. And that was that. Sherlock spent the rest of the morning in his mind palace while John feigned reading while actually thinking about Victor and Sherlock. What was their relationship like? Their friendship? They seemed incredibly close. And obviously intimate in more than one way. Sherlock had told him he wasn't looking for anything, that he was married to his work. John had understood that as a general disinterest in sex or relationships. But apparently that disinterest had an exception. Or perhaps he was just not interested in John.
Monday morning also brought in a new edition of the Daily Prophet. Rita Skeeter's latest article was received with just as much muttering and glances to the Gryffindor table as all the ones before. "Isn't it weird? How come she knows all this stuff? In Muggle Law this would be considered violation of privacy." Sherlock was cutting bread. "Well, the wizarding world is behind on lots of things. Science, Electronics, Maths, the fact that fingerprints would be useful in most cases..." John nodded. "But seriously. How can sheknow that Krum asked Hermione to visit him back home? How would she know of a potential relationship between Harry and Hermione?" Sherlock frowned. "There is no potential relationship between Harry and Hermione" John rolled his eyes. "Yes, but apparently they were seen before the first task together and Skeeter invented something." "You know I don't read these articles. Perhaps they're all made-up", Sherlock suggested. John pointed towards the Gryffindor table. Hermione was talking to Harry, frantically gesticulating. And Sherlock stood up. "Where are you-", John started but stopped when Sherlock tugged him up too.
All right, then.
"You're late." The dejected looking man uttered, dark rings under his half-shut eyes. He sounded lightly surprised beneath the initial frustration. "We've only got five hours."
He thought as he glanced at the door.
John twitched. Were they fucking kidding him? They were adults. Not children pleading for the last cookie. John was not the last cookie. He did not deal cookies, he dealt drugs. A little indignant at the situation: a fully grown man, an inspector, an officer being forced to allow an unknown man to totter around classified crime scenes and be made aware of confidential fact. Just because the brilliant druggie next to him forced him to. Wordlessly!
Sherlock smiled and folded his hands behind his back. "Yes, more specifically silicon, how about you go schedule another appointment in effort to look like even more like a sex doll than you currently do. Would be a shame if your husband committed infidelity again." His voice gone harsh and forbidding.
with you?" He ground out in shallow desperation. Sherlock's eyes widened. "What are you-" John huffed cynically. "Don't you think that was a bit harsh?" His glaucous irises flicked through his incredulously, Sherlock's meeting every movement. He mustn't of found what he was looking for, given the way he altered his line of sight to focus on his clenched fists.
Not only had he awoken in a belated panic of stymieing blankets resembling a popular Mexican cuisine, but he’d also had it metastasize into full-blown fear amplified by his drowsy state when he’d managed to grow a brain cell and find Sherlock nowhere in sight. Memories of the night before spliced with far-fetched scenarios of what some might call an utterly artful fusillade and he
“I’m not attending class until this comes off.”
And John...he'd surely seen pictures of his latest project. Was feeling scared, thinking he'd just escaped most certain death. Daft little John, thinking Sherlock would ever lay an unwelcome pinky finger on him. No matter his longing and frequent lucid dreaming. Sherlock respected him far too much to consider.  It ached to repress at times.
“I got a boyfriend.”
Oh, what an utter
At a bit of a loss now, John asks. “Do you want to talk about it?” Which was quite simply one of the stupidest things John could ever recall saying.
John was too sore and disoriented to care, so he complied. "I can do this myself, you know." Sherlock watched as John took a seat on the low bathroom counter. Thank god it was low. "I'm sure you can, just not right now. Look away." Sherlock proceeded quickly yet with finesse. While John hardly managed to keep himself upright, he felt a warm hand grip his hip or thigh to keep him steady when he truly feared he would fall.
Just a man, and his will, to surviveee~!
"Don't be daft of course, I do." Sherlock sniffed and looked away, seeming to enjoy the conversation way too much. John had only just met the man, but by god, if he didn’t want to ring his skinny neck.
Sherlock sat forward and stared back with a blasé expression. "That's none of your concern." John didn't push it, lucky enough as it was that he could get out of this so easily. "Fair point." He held up his hands from the arm rests, keeping his elbows on them and blinked looking away in a sign of subconscious surrender. But it wasn't just subconscious for John anymore, he knew exactly what he was doing.
A chance.
He clumsily twisted the latch, hearing the cylindrical lockset click into place. Regardless of his bladders imminence, he’d always found himself locking it: a stressful but a later reassuring force of habit.
Seemingly satisfied with the drop of subject, Sherlock leaned forward to pour John and himself some more tea. "When do you plan to leave? I would suggest you stay here until the blizzard lets up." He prompted with a brief look in Johns direction as he stirred in a sugar cube.
in fact-
“Sherlock?” He voices the name quietly, all his worry somehow voiced in two mere vowels. Nothing, Sherlock continues his quiet, labored breathing. John says it again, fighting the urge to touch him instead.
"Yeah, sorry, mate. Today's just been rough and all. You know what I mean." He glanced behind him and into the van and felt dread seep into his insides. He wasn't alone with the creep, he could've possibly taken the stick on himself if need be. Now all he could do was play nice and hope the junky still had an ounce of mercy in him, and not just an animalistic urge to fight and get an adrenaline rush. As he had bared witness to many a time.
desperate there's always Sally." He finished with a shrug and pointed his thumb behind him, enjoying the muted horror on Sherlock's face. "You're kidding."
Sherlock’s brow twitches. Liar. Sex pheromones dissipated within roughly three to five hours after coitus. Nor had he even… engaged in the repulsive practice...
Right of course, where else? Do you by any chance know why he hoards dead-
John shook it at Mike in a reprimanding manner, lip quirked teasingly, before opening it.
“Sherlock, you talk to me all the time.”
The ceiling sports a dull, stained and flickering row of fluorescent LED bar lights, around four or six feet of space separating them and casting shadows in each space. Dark splotches of shade are only faintly alight from headlights red, blue and orange that dance across the eerie areas. Gleaming through the vast hallway windows from his right and onto the locker walls to his left. It felt wrong. Unwelcome. Forbidding even. Similar in definition to a word he’d learnt in English class. Kenopsia?
Fantastic, now he’d bruised his right flank, well, more so than it had been to begin with. He slipped in the shower a few days ago, all thanks to Irish Green, which was strange. He hadn’t even been taking a shower yet, Sherlock hadn’t even bought soap.
He sees John glance sharply at him from the corner of his eye with a frown. Looking him up and down as Sherlock keeps himself outwardly unassuming and a bit slouched. What? He’s seen fellow students, both platonic and not in this position. It isn’t terribly stiff either.
Then a deep growl reverberates his core. Sherlock’s eyes snap up, stomach sinking impossibly deeper by the nanosecond. Staying perfectly still, he backs away. Already intent on sprinting around the shed behond him and ripping through a creaky maze of vacant hopelessness.
Sherlock  took a seat and tended to his resumes once more. "You can't possibly die from minute exposure to negative temperatures. And don't be so dramatic, it's only negative eight."
He was surprised to receive a disappointed twist of Sherlock's lips. "Possibly." John gawked. "You can't be serious, no one can do that."
Sherlock took a tiny microscope out of his coat pocket, grabbing John's hand in his own and turning it over. Pushing the tiny microscope into his palm before darting towards the corpse. It was still seated inside the carriage. John blinked down at his hand.
Sherlock threw up his hands. "I can! I'm not surprised by your average intellect, I don't know why I suspected more!" Sherlock threw a glare his way accompanied with a shake of his head. "After all, who in their right mind would meet up with a lot of druggies in alleyway
John aimed a content grin up, but it slowly slacked at what he saw there. Sherlock's translucent gaze squinted at him almost adoringly. Eyes smiling more than his pursed mouth, as though he didn't want to show too much. It took his breath away for a moment.
But as it would turn out, John has taken a rather obsessive liking to stuttering Sherlock’s pivotal at the most unforeseen of times. Past an obscured haze of darkness and into physical recollection, Sherlock recalls John tossing him into bed—John’s actual, own bed—and willingly touching him once more. Not a mere pat on the arm or a reassuring shoulder squeeze Sherlock had witnessed performed by heteronormative men around the corridor. But intimacy, a massage succeeding in Sherlock vowing to never label John’s hands as burly again. They were careful, considerate things that stroked the only thing keeping his mind alight into ensured bliss.
Sherlock sniffles and wipes his sleeve under his red nose, the color similar to that of his mouth and sharp cheeks, and starts. “Divine.”
He notices John glance up at him. His dark blue contrasting starkly from his dark-blond lashes, before he spins them around when a particularly mellifluous tune plays out. "No reason in particular, just thought I'd stop by." He replied with nonchalance, looking down in concentration. "Ah."
did you say to me?”
why wasn't it
John watched in growing horror with every sentence the dejected looking woman uttered, she had been crying judging from her red rimmed eyes and smudged mascara, though she seemed to have made an attempt to fix it. Poor girl, it hadn't worked in the slightest.
and holds the popular poison above the boy’s head. Praying he wouldn’t stand up.
Not four minutes later, some imbecilic jock, who is most definitely not animal control, waltzes into the outdoor gym.
The van was white with a logo for some type of plumbing company on the side, 'You clog it We snog it!'. John didn't look into how they obtained the van and kept walking forward. When he was within one yard of the van he could tell something was off, he could hear whispering and banging.  He debated just booking it right then and there.  Just as he took a step back the door slid open and he was met with the wide-eyed gaze of a malnourished, pale and tired looking man. He had stubble and acne on his jaw while his eyes were worryingly bloodshot.
He'd struggled against the metal restraints, after being tightly handcuffed and held down. Watching, more than a little enraged, as Sherlock backed away from the men looking wary. But Sherlock was cornered by the wall displaying his research on how Polymyositis effected posture, ultimately leading to shoe imprints. And the labs counter and sink.
The knocking started again; shaking John from his stupor. "John let me in, your bandages needed to be changed before you so rudely threatened me with that pencil." He thought he could hear a tint of worry in his voice.  John swallowed and chuckled a bit, a manical little sound, and slid to the floor. The knocking continued. "John. John, I need you to breath." Sherlock spoke in a strict tone. "John!" A yell accompanied the word with a bang on the door.  John blinked and nodded, later realizing that Sherlock didn't have X-ray vision. "Yes. Yes, I'm fine." He focused on his breathing and resolutely ignored the fact he was PTSD-ing on a strangers bathroom floor.
"Tell me, John. Do you normally threaten people with guns when clad in neon red underwear? Seems bad for business." Sherlock looked down and back up pointedly with a small smirk. "Well, I suppose it depends on the type of business."
Sherlock nodded with an uncharacteristically shy purse to his lips, grabbing Kevin's arm and snapping it back down when the entirety of the partiers looked over. "Lower your voice!" He hissed before looking in the direction Kevin had pointed in.
John’s hand grasped the counter and he stared at fine marble, contents of his stomach beginning to feel unsettled. Was he..was he rooming with a serial killer and his deranged landlady? How had this happened? He thought the finger was fake! Sherlock had to be kidding! Even though Sherlock looked as though he couldn’t laugh if he were held at gunpoint…well, until earlier.
"For most. Not me. I have something, you see? Something rarely found in society." He smirked and paused for effect. "Self-control." John's face went inappropriately impressed at that, due to his head trauma mostly, but Sherlock ignored that. He may have enjoyed the expression a tad too much. But who was there to stop him?
Sherlock clears his throat quietly and swallows, after trying to answer and making a rather squeaky, emasculating sound instead. “The name’s
Sherlock giggles down at him. The situation was just so ridiculous, even a sociopath had to laugh. Effectively deepening John’s frown. Oh no. Couldn’t have his roommate think him a loony. That wouldn’t do well at all, the last thing he needed was another morally-obliged hen.
John squeezed his Browning's handle, noticing the way Sherlock's eyes drifted to it at the motion. "Oh, shut your mug, you pompous prick. You don't know the whole story."
Promptly rewarded for his efforts by being manhandled to the floor while two other men rushed past and one guarded to door with a scary gun. Other occupants chattering growing steadily louder and backing away from the situation. SWAT, punctual as always. Why would SWAT be here anyways, homicide suspect or not. It was alarmingly excessive.
