Sorry. Sorry Sorry Sorry. I don't know how many times I should say it for it to be enough. I don't know if I could ever say it enough. I abandonned you all... For so long. I'm so sorry.
“Hey Bucky, buddy, I'm sorry about the other night and I bought you that amazing appartment not too far away from the Tower, and it's very comfortable I tested it my-.. No.”
“There is a giant octopus-like being causing level 8 damage in Brooklyn. The robots from the previous two attacks are back but have been enhanced : they are faster and stronger. I suggest not to destroy them at short distance, as they explode after deactivation.”
No knowing what to do, the genius crouched and put a hand over the boy’s shoulder. It was the wrong thing to do apparently, because the kid instantly flinched and stepped back. As running steps could be heard coming their way.
Robots are everywhere. The Avengers are called. They fight. It doesn't go well for Captain "I don't eat" America.
Steve was running his fingers through Bucky's hair, wishing he could comfort Tony too. He saw the look on the inventor's face, and it didn't take a genius to figure out that Tony triggered a flashback about Howard in Bucky's mind, and felt awful now that he knew the truth about his parents' death. What Bucky had said... It was most likely the truth. But it wasn't Bucky. It was the Winter Soldier.
“I believe there are killer robots destroying the city, Sergeant Barnes. I would advice you to stay safe and therefore not go outside.”
Bucky's head hurt. He took a step back from the man in front of him, and he looked around him, searching for something, anything to ease the pain and make the voices leave. When he looked back at the man, he saw Howard Stark. The mess of words and sounds in his head got even louder then.
A small voice made itself heard in his head. A mess of whispered thoughts slowly turning into single, clear one.
Tony walked around the street and found the official entry. On the wall next to the opened rusty portal, was written :” Shield Orphanage.”
Now, Tony was going to hate Bucky even more. Steve needed to give him a real warning this time, since the first one hadn't been effective.
After reading this again to spot the typos, I realized this looks a little like Bucky is hitting on Tony. I decided to leave it like that coz it's really useful for the rest of the story x)
Loki let go of him to say something he didn’t hear and Steve finally turned to the stranger but the words died in his throat and his mouth fell open.
“Tony ?” Someone was holding onto his arms, but it wasn't painful. “Tony come back to me doll.” The genius opened his eyes. Why were they closed anyway ? When his vision focused, it was to find the face of a very concerned Bucky Barnes. The concern disappeared slightly when the man smiled at him. “Yes doll, that's it, come back to reality. You're doing well. Breathe with me.” Bucky said as he pulled the inventor against him so that their chest were against one another.
“I don't know if they're going to survive the travel.” Announced Bruce after examining the supersoldiers.
Clint was pretty confident that the soldier would just obey orders, that all the Asset had been doing since he knew him.
“But the good new is that we are making progress, and the doctors are confident that Bucky will be able to recover completely !”
And still Steve loved Tony. How could he cause pain to Tony like that ? How dared he ? How could he love two persons at the same time ? How could he hurt one of them so much, just for the sake of the other's safety ?
He saw a soccer ball and decided that’d be a good gift for Steve. Maybe the man would forgive him if Thor gave him something ?
Oh god, how much he missed the past. Steve used to come down to the workshop and draw, listening to Tony's eternal rant about science. The blond used to bring food and coffee, and Tony used to stop working for a few minutes just to join Steve on the couch and cuddle with him. Sometimes he ended up falling asleep. Sometimes he woke up in their bed, with strong arms wrapped around him.
Strong arms were restraining him, he felt trapped. What was happening, why was he trapped ? Did they get him again ? Did someone stop him before he killed Howard ?
Steve sat suddenly, taking in a deep breath, as if he had been drowning. But his breathing wouldn't calm down. It wouldn't. He was on the train, Bucky just fell, he was alone, how could he ever calm down, it was so cold, everything was so cold, everywhere, and he couldn't move, couldn't call for help. Couldn't breathe.
Natasha seemed to read his thoughts. “Yup. He's making pancakes. They're delicious, you should try them.”
He headed for the communal floor, lost in thoughts. He had a lot of repairs to do today due to the battle of the day before : Natasha's widow bites, Captain America's body armor, Thor's comms, as always...
“So, Bucky, I know you and my AI are friends now or something, so I decided to install him in your new place and oh hey yeah speaking of that I bought you that amazing apartment and.. No.”
Another, shorter man was there, facing the window. He had refused to sit. He was too worried and he needed to be able to move. He had been pacing in the room for the last two or three hours. Everyone at stopped counting when they realised the brown haired man wouldn’t stop anyway.
Hey guys ! There are already 256 hits and 18 kudos on this fic as I am writing this, and this is so crazy ! So I decided to post a new chapter to thank you.
Steve struggled, trying to free his arm. “No, no leave me alone. I’m doing it for you, for everyone. It’s okay Bruce, don’t feel like you have to save me. You could just leave, close the door behind yourself, and pretend you never saw.. You..” Steve had to take a break. He was exhausted. “You wanted me to do this, I don’t understand.”
Steve didn’t want to be awake anymore. He didn’t want to be awake ever again. Not in a world where all he does is harm the ones he loves. Not in a world where his loved ones hate his guts.
Please comment and leave kudos, you don't know how much it means to me unless you're a writer yourself ^^
“Buck, we're not pressuring you into making any choice right now. You've got time. Take as long as you want to figure it out, okay ?” Clint looked so serious, Bucky wasn't used to see him like that. He had thought that the bowman was more of a joker.
But how could he ever believe that the genius was not pretending when the man had only became friendly when he had understood that Steve would die if he didn’t ?
Tony sat on one of his table in his workshop, arms crossed and brow furrowed. He was worried, Steve could see it. Gently, the super soldier took the inventor in his arms and pressed a kiss on his neck. “I love you, Tony. Please. Bucky is important to me.”
Please review, it is very important for us to know what you think, and by the way, how are you feeling today ?
“No no no no ! Don't worry about your bestie, Barnes ! He is fine. He survived too, he is on a mission right now.”
Bucky had agreed. The Winter Soldier seemed to be slowly gaining his own free will, and he would be less dangerous this way. He could even become an Avenger, if he behaved really well. Which Bucky still doubted. The guy was an assassin, trained to take lives, not to save them.
One of my friends keeps drawing stucky fanarts and it's really really hard not to give in and write stucky fluff instead of all this angst. Meaning I'm still at chap 14's last scene. That's because of all the work I gotta do all the time.. I hate it I hate working I HATE IT. (who likes it anyway ?)
Faint voices echoed at the back of his mind, but Thor's strong one brought him back to reality quickly.
Of course I was only inspired by the vibes ya see ? But it's so great. Please watch it. And the song. The song omg ! Anyway leave a comment under the video, it deserves it.
Thor meets Bucky and go all big brother on him. Bucky just wants to take care of Tony. Clint ships it.
And he had heard it. Heard it all. It had made him blush madly at first, and then a smirk had grown on his face as his cheeks retrieved their normal color.
He was almost there though. He threw his bag on the other side of the orphanage’s wall, then he threw the ball, which hadn’t been able to fit in the bag.
“Hum, language Stevie” Singsonged Bucky as he entered the room, smirking and looking very satisfied with himself.
Someone had wanted to take care of him, and he had pushed them away. Nothing alarming, just the usual.
Don't forget that it's normal if chapter 12 doesn't show up tomorow, it's because I published the beginning of Two Can Keep a Secret. Really, go read it when it shows up. It's going to be awesome.
And then the Soldier started running. The robots started shooting. Horror filled Steve as he finally realized what was happening. The Winter Soldier was taking him to safety, and was getting hit by every shot the robots sent at them. It was taking so long, and the Captain could feel Bucky's body shake against him with every blow. His enhanced hearing picked up on the sounds of the suit and the flesh burning and being torn appart, but every sounded was eventually drown out by the wild beating of his own heart.
“Come on Buck, don't think we don't notice how you seem to avoid Steve and Tony as much as possible.” Said Natasha, sitting on the other side of Bucky. The soldier startled.
“Tell me” Bruce said painfully around the lump in his throat. “Do you think I would react like this, if I truly hated you ?”
Bucky smiled widely at the mention of the arm, and he moved in front of him, watching the metal move smoothly and silently. Then, he turned to the blond.
He’d start with his baby brother though. It was Loki’s birthday after all, so he would get twice as much gifts as the others.
The Winter Soldier's eye widened the slightest bit at the approval : he did right. He wasn't going to get hurt. Maybe his mind wouldn't get wiped either ?
If someone had happened to be in the room with him at that moment, they would have noticed that there were drawings of two persons, always the same two men.
He wasn't good at using his words, and he was afraid of using his body. Tony might react really badly. So Bucky had to suck it up and use his tongue. Not in the dirty way tho. Maybe later, hopefully.
And Bucky wasn't oblivious. He could see Tony had lost some weight since he woke up, and that the inventor didn't like eating, but had seemed to savour his pancakes. It was strange, but Bucky didn't care. He felt really proud to be able to cook something that Stark enjoys so much.
Despite being the “star spangled man with a plan” there was one thing Steve never, ever planned : Bucky's return.
Everyone looked at him for a couple of seconds, surprised, and then act as if everything was normal. However, on Bucky's lips, a faint smile was noticeable.
Right now, he was laying on his and Steve's bed, his flesh fingers running through the blond's hair slowly. Steve had fallen asleep shortly after he started doing that, so Bucky didn't stop, in fear of waking him up.
Also, we're getting closer and closer to a really important point in the story, I'm sorry it takes so long to happen, I should add slow burn in the tags. Yeah I'm going to do that.
Then why was he so upset ? Why was he wishing Bucky would come back and put that damn ice on his damn black eye ? Why was he longing for that soft voice ?
It's Bucky centered, and I don't remember Steve being there at all. However Tony makes an apparition.
An hour later, the inventor was sat on a chair, staring at the melting ice, remembering grey concerned eyes and a quiet deep voice.
Two weeks later, Tony had invented the first unbrainwashing device in history, and the Winter Soldier was dragged out of his cell to a cold, securised medical room.
A weird metal thing went through the wall Illuminated by the blinding light and landed on Wanda’s scarlet carpet.
“Do not finish that sentence.” Tony's tone was dangerous now. “I want each and everyone of you to take care of him and give him company. I don't care if you take turns. I don't want him to be alone.”
'This is not happening, this is a nightmare' he thought as he watched the Winter Soldier getting shot by a dozen of robots as he ran, carrying Steve in his arms. This was too much like Sokovia, this was a dream. This wasn't real.
“I am not leaving one of my mindwounded brothers alone !” He boomed, making Bucky frown and move in his sleep.
His feet hit the ground, and he ran towards the safe place Bucky was running to. It was a deserted bank. Clint felt a burning pain in his shoulder, and understood that he had been hit. He kept running. He got there a few seconds before the soldiers, and when Winter arrived, he fell of the ground, letting Steve fall beside him.
Bucky resumed cutting the vegetables. He had decided to prepare something with rice, chicken, and some vegetables for Tony, he really hoped the genius would like it.
And then he had heard them talking about bruises on Tony. He had felt a wave of protectiveness towards the man, and had to control himself in order not to run to tend to the other man's injuries right then.
Okay so all the feedback I got from the beginning of this story made me rethink some things. I was teared appart between continuing this fic, writing it till the end, and not caring about what you all think, and changing it all, or even deleting it. (Yes, I seriously considered deleting it)
Also, today we are mainly following Bruce's point of view, but you will get some Steve and also another character. ENJOY ! :D
Clint sobbed, and Natasha hugged him tighter. “They will, Clint. They're supersoldiers, they have the serum in their veins. They heal faster than we do.”
“Phil ! Phil you need to come right now I need to talk to you” He had urged his fellow caretaker, who had been helping Natasha and Clint to pack their bags as they were being transferred to another orphanage for a reason that hadn’t been communicated to Steve, but the blond suspected that it was because of their tendency to spy on adults.
A young raven haired boy opened the door and glared at him. He really didn’t look happy with the fact that he had to open the door. However when the boy looked at his face his eyes widened and he called over his shoulder : “Steve ! Tony Stark is at the door !!”
When I woke up this morning I had a few reviews to messages where I ranted about the ideas I was starting to get to fix it so both the readers and I are happy. I read them and it didn't change anything : I made a choice too, but I think it's not as bad as Steve's XD
The elevator doors opened and Bucky walking into Tony's floor, gaping at the beauty of it. It was so much better than the guests rooms, and those were already awesome !
Were they mad at Steve or something ? But they couldn't possibly know about what he did to Tony, could they ?
“I think so, yeah. And I actually think that Bucky and Steve are dating, but are very private about it. Maybe Bucky needs time to forget all the homophobia of their time.” Answered Clint.
“No, he can't come, he was sent undercover on a mission by SHIELD a few months ago. He still has at least a few weeks before he can come back.” Replied Clint.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Suddenly someone talked into Winter's earpiece. They sounded like Clint. Why wasn't Steve hearing him in his own earpiece ? Uh. It must have broke during the impact.
One sometimes had a metal arm, but most of the times looked younger and was in an uniform. There was even a drawing or two of him as a kid. He was always smiling a ridiculously sweet and perfect smile, except on one drawing, where he was peacefully asleep. There was a drawing where the man had his back turned on the observer, and it seemed like he was cooking.
This chapter used to be named "Final Warning" but someone told me it was cliché and I agreed (that someone is Every_Fandom_Trash)
“You call a man who leaves bruises on you, and breaks your ribs, a friend ?” Natasha's tone was icy, but somehow Tony knew it wasn't against him. Not totally.
Pancakes. How lovely. Steve tried to remember the heavenly taste of Bucky’s pancakes as he chewed on what, to him, had no taste at all.
Steve, who had succeeded at dodging everything even with his low energy, started tiring.  His limbs felt heavy, and his movements were getting slower and clumsier.
“Already ?” Chuckled Natasha, and WOW. That was way closer than where she had been before. Bucky stopped staring at Barton to locate the redhead, only to find her right behind the couch, smiling down at them.
He only stopped when he was at least three streets away from the guy, and looked at his treasure. There was a funny sci-fi looking phone, and a wallet. He opened the wallet and..
Clint shot another robot. Those things were his least favorite villains. Fight killer bots always reminded him of Sokovia. He could still see the dead body of Pietro, lying there, right in front o f him, covered in bloody bullet wounds, unseeing eyes wide open.
He had dreamt about not being alone in his bed again. The thing is that this time, it was Steve that was telling him sweet nothing while cuddling him. It was Bucky.
Bucky's eyes widened in surprise : he would have thought that Steve would get along well with a Stark. Tony was just as charming as his father – if not more – after all. Even Bucky could see that after spending only an hour with the new Stark.
Steve had smiled back. Of course this amazing man would help him, even if curing Bucky seemed impossible. Tony was perfect.
He sat up and looked around him again, trying to wish his vision to stop blurring. His chest ached, and for a moment he thought it was only his unwelcomed emotions – he truy wished he couldn't feel anything anymore – but when he lifted his shirt just to be sure, he found a nasty burn, its circular form hinting that this was probably the result of being shot. Since he felt the same kind of pain on other parts of his bodies, he guessed he had been shot several times.
“Do I look presentable?” he asked as he turned his head and looked up at Peggy, batting his eyelashes jokingly.
“I know so.” The mother pulled Tony in for a hug. “People should start showing up soon. Fix up your hair and come down when you’re ready.”
“What the hell is going on out there?” The Colonel brushed past Peggy, exiting the tent while the agent was left to stare into space for a bit before also leaving the tent.
"I promise we'll be good to you, sweet omega," Steve said as he started the car. "Even if you don't join us, we'll make sure you're provided with a good place to stay."
“Yeah, kind of hard to ban me from the places I’m required to be granted access for the classes my dad was paying good money for me to take.”
Tony gave a small, weak smile and pressed into Steve’s side, pointedly ignoring Obadiah as they passed the man on their way out.
“To put it simply, yes. This super soldier project we are working on is similar to experiments Schmidt was working on. He didn’t use the serum correctly, but we figured out the correct way to use it, thanks to Doctor Erskine. That’s how we got Steve to turn into what he is now.”
“I'm worried about Tony. He came to me with a black eye and three broken ribs this morning. He said he picked a fight, but I looked at his hands, they're not even scratched : he didn't try to defend himself, he got beat up.”
The inventor  waited for a minute to be sure that the boy wasn’t trying to trick him, but he heard the sound of a door opening and closing, so no, that was where the thief lived. And that looked like a very big and very damaged home this kid has there. Parts of the roof were gone, and some windows were shattered. The shutters looked like they were white once, but now they were just grey, and sometimes they were missing.
As the edge of the cliff came far too close, Tony squeezed his eyes shut and glued himself to Peggy, tears forming in the corners of his eyes until finally, the car stopped with the back tires hanging off the end of the runway. Tony let out a short whine as he opened his eyes again and quickly looked back at the plane flying away.
Tony closed his eyes once more and curled in closer to Steve. He’d never thought of Steve being a perfectionist, but if he wasn’t, then how did he managed to score the perfect omega as his future husband?
“Mmmhh…” Tony moaned and shifted with the slow thrusts, “If your stories about yourself is true, Captain Steve, then you’re a hundred year old beta with a magic alpha knot.” he opened his eyes and looked up at the alpha, “I’m not complaining. You fill me quite perfectly.”
“Then maybe when Captain Rogers comes he will get you another bottle. Unless you don’t want them when he’s here away from the war. He will be here for heats, after all.”
“Well, should we start this evening off before the food arrives and we get distracted again by passing out food? It is set for delivery, after all.”
Tony chuckled, “No, he’s the personal assistant to one of my exes. I’m guessing Ty forgot I’ve met him while we were together, or he assumes I am quick to forget the little people he doesn’t properly appreciate.”
“I’d need either my dad or Steve around to get them for me, and Dad ended up dumping the whole bottle I had down the drain. Obviously I’m not getting another bottle through his name.”
The omega whined and closed his eyes, his vision swirling far too much for him to even see straight. “I don’t feel good,” he said, though his mother already knew that.
Tony swung past the crowd of alphas, choosing a few he deemed as ‘safer’ to pause at for a short, teasing lapdance that lasted only until the alpha got too handsy, then he’d move on to the next. Eventually, he moved in front of Steve and glanced at him, but made no hint of stopping.
Howard watched his son for a bit, clearly upset that Tony had slipped out with Peggy, but he was too tired to really care that much. Yawning, he looked at his watch. “Let’s go, I don’t want you catching a cold.”
"I'll make sure the both of you get what you want," the alpha said. "Anything at all, you let me know what you need and I'll get it for you."
“It’s the least I can do for you. I tried not to wash too many of Captain Rogers’s things, so their scent will last a little longer.”
“I’m with you there, Tony normally shows no real interest in alphas, but all of a sudden he’s attached to that one.”
Later that day, Tony started writing a letter to Steve, telling him how he was and telling him about the whole fiasco of thinking what was actually pregnancy was rather than illness. Tony mentioned how glad he was that he wasn’t ill, but he was instead irritated at how often he had to run to the bathroom.
Tony blinked. "Well I can't say I'm disappointed, to be honest. I just learned I have a designated driver every time I drink now."
Steve chuckled. “But why? It makes me happy to see you like this. But I do like this outfit. I would hate to see it ruined. It was probably pretty expensive too.”
Sitting next to the radio was one of the Howling Commandos, and Tony wished that he had been the one to sit in that seat, but he felt better pacing around. His stomach was filling with butterflies anyways, and the more he moved around, the better he felt.
“Oh, so are you getting more into omegan fashion then? I know she’s a beta, but you know that a lot of omegas wear clothes that most ladies wear now.”
“Hardly. He told me what happened… and then he just disappeared. He won’t stay in his apartment for long, so we had hoped that having you here would help him cope better.”
“Course not, I made sure to put the battery back in before any inspection was done. But I was banned from working on projects in the dorms after that. Not that I listened to the restriction.”
Steve’s voice allowed Tony to build up the strength to speak again, his voice soft and full of emotion. “I’m here…”
Choking back his sobs, Tony listened, waited. Steve’s next words seemed to hit him harder than previous words.
“Well, we have your favorite, and--” Maria paused, feeling over her son’s arms. “Have you been working out?”
“Boys, please,” Maria said in a raised voice, pushing her son back into the bed gently. “That’s quite enough. Howard, Tony is injured and in heat, can’t you let things go for once? He’s clearly not in proper shape to have this conversation.”
“Yes! Dum-E’s my oldest, and U’s a good few years younger. He still has trouble knowing when to and when not to use the extinguisher.”
“I don’t know how you could think I’m a quick releaser. I’m a top alpha, my knot stays long after orgasm.”
The alpha smiled and nodded, leading Tony a bit further away to the section of pajamas for alphas. "You know my size, wanna pick out some for me? So they're soft for you as well."
Steve sighed, feeling devastated. Tony… his omega had been left behind to live a life without him. And now he would live the rest of his life without Tony. The alpha let out a low whine.
“Hu?” A mess of dark curls poked out, and a screwdriver fell out from being pinched between Tony Stark’s teeth, “That thing’s been set up. I’m just improving your built-in sound system.”
"I won't prevent Tony from dancing with who he likes, Steve said. "But his exes might not be getting the chance they were hoping for…."
Placing their drinks to the side, Tony and Steve made their way to the dance floor, which didn’t escape the attention of Peggy. She smiled as she watched them assume a normal dancing position and start to sway to the time of the music. The dancing was a bit stiff at first, but both seemed to relax after a bit and flow much easier. There was silence between them, just eye contact and physical touch as they danced. Everything melted away to Tony and Steve. It was just them, dancing to the music and looking at each other with nothing but pure love. God, the moment would have been so cheesy had it not been romantic to the point of Tony stepping closer and wrapping his arms around Steve, simply swaying as his head rested against the alpha’s chest.
“Alpha,” Tony moaned, trying to get Steve to do something more as more slick rushed out of him. He was clearly dripping wet already, he was ready to take Steve into his body, he wanted the alpha’s cock as badly as he wanted food. Whimpering, Tony tried wiggling his hips back against Steve’s hardening cock, begging wordlessly for the alpha to take over already.
“Something else happened while you were missing,” Tony said in almost a whisper. “I should have told you before the attack on the Hydra headquarters… but I needed to make a point to my dad, and I was stupid for doing so.”
The next thing Tony knew, they were all heading out to the Alps, very little chatter happening on the planes. It wasn’t a comfortable silence, but Tony had gotten a seat next to Steve, and when his stomach started to act up again, he grabbed the alpha’s hand and held tight, trying not to throw up everywhere. He was glad that Steve tried to make the situation better by squeezing his hand back and shuffling closer. Steve’s scent was heavy with anger, but Tony still found comfort in it. It was still Steve’s scent, and Tony would take anything he could get, even if it was an angered scent. For him, while being pregnant, it calmed him enough to have his stomach settle a little, allowing Tony to open his eyes again, which he hadn’t realized he had closed.
Steve’s smile faded, concern growing on his face. “Yes, of course, Tony. Are you okay? I didn’t push you too hard, did I?”
“Rhodey! Good to see you again, friend!” Thor said excitedly as James, or Rhodey as everyone was calling him, let him in.
“Yeah well, don’t ever do that again.” Steve also chuckled as he pulled Tony into a hug, which ended short when Tony sucked in a pained breath.
Steve peeked up at Peggy, then followed her line of sight over to where Tony was standing, eyes wide and arms wrapped around himself to keep warm. The alpha instantly picked up his head, new tears running down his face. “Tony…”
“It’ll still be hard, but you’re not going anywhere, young man,” came Howard’s voice as he approached the small group. “I’ve had enough of you getting in the middle of things in this war.”
Steve lost his words for a moment as Tony tugged at the slacks he had just unzipped, the alpha closing his eyes and leaning his head back. "D-don’t get too carried away. I'm sure neither of us brought extra clothes."
Peggy nodded, then grabbed a box from her pocket, handing it to Steve. “This is your transponder. Activate it when you’re ready, and the signal will lead us straight to you.”
“I’ll come back as soon as I can,” Steve said, grabbing Tony’s hand and squeezing it firmly. He reached for his dog tags around his neck, pulling them off and handing them to Tony. Their eyes connected again briefly before Steve turned and stepped onto the plane, letting their fingers linger together before he pulled away fully.
As soon as Tony’s August heat was over, Steve picked up on helping around the manor, trying to live a settled life as best as he could while knowing he could be called back to duty at any time if things escalated in the plan for attacking the Hydra base. Steve fully enjoyed waking up to Tony at his side in the mornings and then helping make breakfast with Jarvis if he woke up early enough. Many of the common household things that were expected of servants, butlers, and omegas Steve learned in his time at the Stark manor. Thankfully he was living in a house with mostly betas who didn’t care either way if Steve, Jarvis, or Tony got things done. Besides, Tony hardly got to do any chores once Steve moved in for the few months he would be spending with the Starks, and the alpha preferred it to stay that way. Steve was a strong supporter of equality for all human life, thus his dedication to helping out at the Stark manor anytime he could. Just because he was an alpha didn’t mean he had to act like one all the time.
“Maybe he’ll go easy on me when I show him I made the reactor before he did. Or he’ll be mad that I built it before him.”
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” Peggy’s broken voice spoke. “Steve tried so hard to save him… He just slipped out of his reach…”
Tony had been innocently heading down the stairs for dinner, looking forward to eating with his mother and Jarvis again. He was going to tell them about the new arc reactor designs he had been working on, and a whiff of what was cooking floated up the stairs. At first he had enjoyed the smell, then his stomach churned very suddenly and his vision got spotty. He gagged a little before he hurried back up the stairs, barely making it to the hallway bathroom before he suddenly threw up.
After several minutes of simply kissing and feeling each other up, Steve pulled back and cleared his throat, knowing just how red his face was. “We probably shouldn’t wait too long to get to Malibu…”
Peggy shifted in her seat as she watched London pass by. She wanted to tell Howard about the baby, but maybe it was best he didn’t know. At least for the moment. Peggy would need to ask the doctors not to mention the baby when Howard was in the room. She at least hoped the baby was still okay, even after all the trauma Tony had been through.
It was mid July when Tony got a letter from Steve saying he would be coming back to the states with Howard. The letter had not only mentioned that Steve was going to come to the Stark manor to stay until he was called back to active duty, but Bucky would also be visiting at some point. He did have a sister to visit after all, so he was sure to spend some time with her, in case Bucky was called back early. If he was still in the states by the time Christmas was around, Bucky had promised to come see them. But the main point was that Steve was going to come home and stay home through the holidays unless he and Bucky were called back early.
Wanda just kept sobbing, unable to stop, as Pietro eyes remained dry and empty of any emotion as he watched his childhood home burn, and his innocence with it.
The Asset had three mission : fight with the Avengers, don't die, and keep the Target safe. He decided that keeping the Target safe was the most important one, and that would he have to make a choice, he would focus on this mission.
And he became aware that A : what he hoped was a bad dream was real, and B : he was completely alone once again.
“Brother of Winter ? Bucky ?” He asked first. He knew the man had a dark side, and that it was dangerous to ignore him to pay attention to Tony first. The god had to check if Bucky was himself.
He felt the sun on his skin, and for a moment he thought he in his Brooklyn appartment, in the 40s. Then he moved, and his improved senses picked up on the particular sound of the metal arm.
“Code Winter ?” Repeated Thor while kneeling next to the supersoldier, who was staring at him with empty eyes.
I'll get better, I swear, but for now, prepare for chapter 8, because this one will be the worst. Like really, you are all going to hate on Steve like you never ever did before, but please, please don't rage quit the story because of what he'll do. It's a really long way until he'll get with Bucky and Tony, and chapter 8 is the reason why this fic is going to last for ages. Because Steve is going to screw things up real, real bad.
So please don't hate on me, I'm just a beginner at all this, and it's so hard to write angsty polyamory fics omg. This chapter however doesn't have much angst, it's mainly Bucky making two spy-friends, and it's cute.
The Winter Soldier, Bucky, Tony, the choice. The heartbreak that followed. The blond opened his eyes sharply, trying desperatly to avoid the memory of Tony's broken ones.
Bucky had been serious when Stark had asked him to cook for him. He knew the genius had meant it as a joke, but it was the perfect occasion to finally make a new friend. He really wanted to get closer to the inventor. He could not explain it, not really. He just felt drawn to those emotional eyes and this beautiful smile and the intelligence coming out of every pore of Tony's body.
This boy, who didn’t seem to be older than five years old, had white hair, and ran faster than anyone else, making fun of the speed of the other children.
Because Bruce had words. Clever ways of putting them together. He had the ability to hurt Steve beyond repair with one or two sentences.
Hi everyone, we're posting another chapter because well firstly we have one and secondly omg PLEASE read our story we are desperate for some feedback, please please please tell us what you think ! :'(
Immediately the soldier closed his eyes, and started slowing his breathing. Thor settled next to the Winter Soldier, determined to watch over his friend, but his eyes were on Tony.
Bucky didn't know why it had affected him so much, but it had, and he was terrified of the others finding out that he heard all that conversation. The soldier had kept looking Thor in the eyes as he had fled into the shadows, trying to get him to keep quiet, but he didn't know the god, he had no way to know if he could trust him.
“So I uh, I'm sorry for calling you doll and uh, hugging you the other night. And I don't want to get my own appartment anymore... I don't want to be away from you.”
“STEVE ! BUCKY ! No ! stay with me !!” Clint fell on his knees between the two supersoldiers, feeling the pulse of each soldiers. They were weak, and if Bucky was now uncouncious, Steve seemed to still be with him.
“Because I like you almost as much as I like Loki. You and him are so much alike, it is incredible.”
.Steve dies . . . .AU2 . . . . . Steve is not really dead, he was just believed dead, he comes back . . .  This is the AU2, the one I was planning to write.
I really couldn't choose today... ugh it's so hard when I don't have one of my two betas connected to help me choose. well I call them betas but one if my adopted spidey (she left a very kind review on the last chap) and the other is a friend.
His anxious mind provided the picture of Steve and Bucky, laying on the ground, their blood mixing with the dust to form a crimson mud puddle that surrounded them, growing way too quickly.
Bucky walked into the workshop, but didn't come near Tony. He felt like the genius didn't want him too close. He decided to look at all the robots and technology in the room, trying to look like this situation wasn't stressing him out.
Okay so today was a total mistake. I mean I got scolded by almost every teacher, coz I draw A LOT in class and these days my anxiety is worse so I draw even more, really you should see my copybooks, they're covered in drawings and colors. Mostly random stuff, sometimes Avengers, sometimes Bucky, sometimes quotes that I wanna include in the Hardest Choice.
OH AND ! PLEASE READ THIS I got a comment talking about Steve/Howard... There is not Steve/Howard (Steward ? Howeve ? Stoward ?) It was just a lie that Steve told Tony to get the man to hate him. Didn't work, of course, but that's for another chapter..
“I'm sorry. About Tony. I know it's my fault. You're right, I'll go.” Bucky mumbled, staring at the floor.
It was true, he was very anxious about meeting other people, especially people who knew about the Winter Soldier. He was terrified of finding fear and mistrust in their eyes.
“I killed him.” Replied Bucky in a trembling voice. He didn't know why he said that, but it felt like the truth. “I remember it.” Parts of it. “They told me to kill him”
“I must learn about my friends' work !” Replied Thor, beaming at Clint and Bucky. Behind him, Natasha smirked and talked to Clint in sign language.
During that month, Tony made sure to check on his lover as often as he could. The other side of the bed was cold at night, and his nightmares came back, but the genius noticed how the lights behind Steve's eyes shined brighter than he had ever seen it.
Oh, how Steve missed his innocence. As tears troubled his vision, the memories started to blend together, sending Steve to a place somewhere between the past and the recent memories, but he could no longer tell the difference. He was lost.
“No ! Don't finish the mission ! New mission, protect the target !” Exclaimed Tony, his heart jumping in his chest.
The caretaker didn’t hear Thor talk even though he knew he was right behind him, but maybe the kid knew that this would do no good to his baby brother at the moment.
Bruce opened his mouth but he kept going. “No. I’m not done yet. They sure as hell don’t show it, because I don’t fucking deserve it, Bruce. And what you’ve been doing for the past two months, you did it out of pity, so stop lying to me. Stop lying and tell me you care, stop saying that THEY care because that’s just ridiculous !”
Bucky had shown up a few minutes later, still looking sleepy. It had made Tony laugh, and it had starled him. He had realized that he didn't remember when was the last time he had laughed before that. Bucky had looked at him strangely, before focusing on the pancakes.
The tone of the genius made the soldier stop, looking around for any potential threats. He found none. His grip on the blond supersoldier relaxed a little.
He didn’t really know what to buy for Bucky, so he went to a toy store and walked around for a bit. His eyes fell upon a white frisbee with a red star in the middle, and he thought Bucky would just love that thing.
“Who are you, then  ?” Questionned Steve quietly, and Bucky didn't understand why it sounded like Steve feared the answer.
He started struggling, attempting to swim back to the surface, but there were no up, no down anymore. Just water. Everywhere. And the dead bodies of everyone he ever loved. Their eyes followed him.
He paused at Steve’s door, wondering if he should knock, before deciding otherwise and simply going in, closing the door behind before turning to…
“Well use our first names too then, Buck” Bar-Clint replied. “JARVIS, put on mario kart, I wanna introduce Bucky to something useful.”
Half an hour later, Natasha stepped onto the communal floor, exhausted from her mission. It had been an easy, but tiring one. A quick look around the room informed her that Thor, Bruce, Clint had been waiting for her. She opened her mouth to say hi, but a crash coming from the kitchen interrupted her.
“That’s exactly what he did.” Stated Tony. He didn’t really care though, it wasn’t even a scratch on his bank account. He’d like his phone and wallet back though.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He wanted to give a sign. Just a little sign that he was in there, he could hear them. Something clearer than a change of heart rate.
He put a bloody hand -tainted with the blood of the one he no longer had the right to call his friend- under the blond’s chin.
Bucky turned an unfocused gaze on him, and said something in russian. "Ready to comply" Translated the god's All Speak.
Too much references I should stop. Btw who caught the "my people skills are rusty" ref (supernatural, castiel) in the chapter were Bucky meets nat and clint ?
Don't hesitate to say what you think in the comments. As you can see, I take your opinion into consideration, but do not expect me to do anything I don't want to do. I am the master of my own fanfiction, last I've heard. King (well Queen but oh gowd I wanna know what it feels like to be a boy) of my own little universes.
“Hey, Bucky, buddy, how are you doing ?” Tony tried to act casual, but even he could hear how wary he sounded. The Winter Soldier was a threat, it always had been.
They just had different feelings about it. Bucky felt pain and guilt. Steve felt protectiveness and anger.
“No, no.” Steve paused, swallowing with difficulty. “You told me to fix it. I am.” He closed his eyes and breathed; not opening them again. “Fixing it.”
The world blurred and spinned around him, and he didn't lift his shield in time to avoid getting shot. He went flying against a wall, colliding with it abruptly.
The smell of blood was overwhelming. There was a huge puddle of the crimson liquid on the floor, and Steve lied against the wall opposite to the door, soaking in it.
“The Winter Soldier is currently fighting his way towards Captain Rogers' location. However I do not believe it is intentional.”
(And don't be mad at me I'm just expressing myself and don't feel like im not mad at you all I'm not please don't send hate)
The boy walked for at least three hours, and it’s only when the sun was setting that the young thief threw his backpack and his ball on the other side of a wall before climbing over it.
PS : this chapter could have been named "...No." Really. If any of you can comment all the time a character finishes their sentence or thought by "...No." you get a cookie, and/or to give me an idea that I will consider, either for an OS or something to include  in the story.
“Howard ?” Repeated someone from behind him. “Howard's dead. Barnes, you're more than 70 years later, did you forget ?”
“Bucky. Bucky this is nonsense. You're in shock, look at you, you're shaking like a leaf. You don't know what you're saying. He doesn't know what he is saying, Tony.”
so. I think I'll name chapter 17... hm.. Quicksilver ? no. too soon, too much feels, not enough pietro in the chap to do so. What about... STUPID FUCKING ROBOTS START WHY DIDNT YOU USE THAT RIGHT AT THE BEGINNING no. not that either, and clint, please don't yell. Oh yeah, that's a good idea. "Keep Calm" and then you add whatever. x)
It had been 70 days since Steve had broke up with him. 70 days of heartbreak, 70 nights spents crying into his pillow and waking up from horrifying nightmares. 70 days spent hoping that Steve would reach out, appologize, ask to be forgiven (and Tony would probably forgive him, because he loves him). 70 nights spent trying to convince himself that the next day he will wake up to a sleeping super soldier, discovering that this nightmare was just a dream. 69 mornings revealing the ugly truth : this is real, this Tony's life now.
So ? Bucky making pancakes for Tony ? Steve being his sad and traumatized self ? Good ? Not good ? I love comments :D
A picture of Bucky, in his soldier uniform, beaming at him and joking with him danced in front of Steve’s eyes.
“You can’t talk about it. You’re going to get fired. Or worse. Please, you have to let them do it, it’s better this way. This way we can still care for the children. If we get replaced, they will put people like Ward in our place. This is why you cannot say a word, and you cannot play hero. You are not a hero. Understood ?”
Bucky stared at him for a second, and yes, that was pain Tony read on his face. The supersoldier gave him a sad look and then turned away, walking out without another word.
“I did tell him that I wished he slept better,” Steve said. “But maybe I can convince him to sleep in a proper bed more often if I offered cuddles or something like that.”
When the last of the presents had been handed out and people started to say their goodbyes, Tony sighed in relief, then yawned promptly after. He leaned against Steve as he watched the guests leave, closing his eyes for just a few seconds. He honestly didn’t notice when Steve picked him up and carried him back up to the bedroom and undressed him. It wasn’t until warm blankets were covering his body that he opened his eyes again, feeling half asleep. He groaned when he felt Steve curl up around him and kiss the back of his neck, then on the skin over his scent gland. The omega felt as happy he always did when he got to share his bed with his alpha. The holiday season had put him in a fantastic mood, however, so he was more happy than usual when Steve cuddled up to him. A happy sigh left his lips as he turned in Steve’s arms and snuggled closer. Only a few more minutes passed by of Tony being awake, and then he was lost in sleep until the next morning.
Tony chuckled and leaned in to kiss Steve’s cheek before getting up, “Better get back to that TV before Rhodey yells at me again.”
Fury shrugged. “We don’t know. The videos are addressed to you only, so we figured that bit of privacy could be kept for you.”
“My hero, chasing away Hammer and Stone for me.” he chuckled, “But for now, I believe I see Pepper and Rhodey! Let’s go attach ourselves. Safety in numbers, and all that.”
After the two claimed a booth and had their orders taken, they settled against the windows next to where they were sitting. Tony stared out the window at the rain clouds, Steve stared at Tony. They were silent, each having their own thoughts on their minds as they waited for food. Steve was the one to break the silence finally, clearing his throat before he spoke.
Tony wanted to go to the locker room to change, but Steve’s scent hit him like a wall as soon as he stepped in the room, and his eyes grew wet all over again. He couldn’t stand to be there with the scent of his alpha surrounding him when Steve wasn’t going to ever come back. So he fled the locker room, trying to find a quiet place to hide. He settled in the bathroom first, but that proved to be a bad spot as there were more people going in and out than he liked. The next place he hid was a closet, and he didn’t like how several people were calling out his name, probably medics who wanted to help him.
Steve smiled and rubbed a thumb over the omega’s cheek. “I’d like to do some gift giving as well… We’ll see if we get to have Christmas off of all this mess. If we do, I’ll take you somewhere special.”
"Gas station it is then. Did you two get to choose your meals very often?" Steve glanced back in the rearview mirror at the two omegas.
Steve sighed and nodded, shifting so Tony could wrap his legs around the alpha’s waist and be hugged. “Hopefully soon. I know we have to take down these Hydra bases though, and war hardly ever gives anyone a break.”
Tony knew what kind of barrels those were. They were rigged to explode when Steve had been through. Only a minute or two was left before they exploded, but if Peggy’s life could be saved, Tony would want her to survive. And if Tony could get away in time, he could run as far as he could to escape the blasts, because there were several more sets of barrels set up near the next gate of the base, one that had been blown wide open by Steve’s motorcycle moments previous.
Tony nodded and reached into his pocket to pull out his phone to text Happy to bring the car around, his hands shaking, causing him to fumble and fail his passcode to unlock the phone a few times before he got it.
“Then maybe we can have a private session to test out our compatibility. Followed by a nice date.” Clint suggested.
"I wanna go as soon as possible," the omega said. "And I'd like to look over that will. And I want to catch up on history!"
“It’ll be a long flight. Pack comfortably, and hopefully you’ll get some sleep.” Peggy sighed. “We’ll expect to see you soon, Tony. Safe travels.”
“Then make it look like you’re just worried,” Steve said, glaring down at Howard. “Don’t restrict Tony from doing what he wants when he’s a full grown adult omega and you claim you support omega rights.”
As the apartment building faded from view, Tony felt a relief spread through his body, and he let out a sigh that he had been holding in for quite a while. He was free now until his heat was over. Then it would be a long flight back to the states alone and boring, but at least he got to see his mother again. She was probably going to be as upset as Howard was, but in a motherly sort of way. There wouldn’t be yelling from her, just upset eyes glittering with tears. Hugs usually patched up any quarrels between mother and son, and if Tony was to be honest, a hug from his mother sounded like the best thing in the world, besides spending his coming heat with his alpha.
The straps the reactor was on barely were strong enough to keep the reactor attached to Tony if he moved around, and there weren’t any proper materials that were around to keep the reactor on Tony’s body. Howard swallowed, going over the thought that had just crossed his mind. It was risky, as he was no medical professional, but there was the chance that it could help.
Tony whirled around on Steve and pointed a finger in his face aggressively. “You don’t know a damned thing about me then,
Slipping his mask on, Tony fell into step beside the assault team he would be waiting with in the forest. He made himself forget everything but how to fight and the reason he was fighting; to end the war and go home. He listened to orders and plans given out by Colonel Phillips, finding Peggy and stepping closer to her, grabbing her hand and squeezing it. Tony smiled lightly behind his mask when she squeezed back, because he knew she felt him shaking.
“James and I met at a veterans pub,” Steve explained. “We started swapping stories and got pretty close. Eventually we just gave each other our numbers and started meeting outside of the pub.”
"It's alright, none of it is your fault. They're more than welcome to feel intimidated by the fact that you're dating a good alpha."
Steve opened up the door of the car so Tony could slide in, following his omega in and closing the door behind him. He told the driver where to take them, then pulled Tony close once more.
Christmas came and went with Steve being gone and Tony being left in London. The omega was having a ton of time to think over what had happened with Steve, and he had basically come to  the point of forgiving Steve. It took time, but he really didn’t want to lose Steve. They had been together for such a long time already, most couples in their position would already be married and have a kid on the way. But Steve and Tony were a special pair to say the least, and with Steve being Captain America still, Tony couldn’t really do much but sit back and wait for the blond to return, which was always stressful. Tony didn’t ever have a way of communicating with Steve, and Howard was absolutely against Tony ever going on missions with the blond, especially if they were taking down a Hydra base, which was what the mission was that took Steve away during Christmas.
“I’m starving,” Tony replied before taking a bite of one sandwich. “Was throwing up all night, so my stomach is pretty empty.”
Maria and Jarvis had busied themselves in the kitchen early one afternoon preparing foods for both alpha and omega, both knowing that with Steve in full rut, that Tony was likely to fall into heat soon. It could have been a couple more days, it could have been a couple more hours. It was all a guessing game as to when Tony might go into heat. At least the omega had his alpha around again, but it was still a but scary for Maria to know her son was going to go into heat around an alpha in rut. Usually when ruts and heats were spent together, clear thinking and sound minds weren’t a common practice. The mother just hoped that Tony and Steve would be smart about their decisions.
“My sister would not be very happy with me if I missed my flight,” the dark haired alpha said, picking up his bags with a smirk. “I’ll write when I get to her house. Don’t know when I’ll see you two again, but write me any time.”
Steve looked at the radio, feeling confused and uneasy. This wasn’t where he last remembered he was. The last thing he remembered was trying to send out a vibration to Tony through their rings. The alpha looked down at his hands. The ring was missing.
Steve. Turned to look at who had tapped his shoulder, pausing his and Tony’s dance. “I’m sorry, but we are dancing right now,” he said as kindly as he could muster. “Maybe the next song?”
About four days before they would be heading to Czechoslovakia, Steve made his approval known for Tony to become a Howling commando. That gave Tony the green light to work on his own suit late at night when Howard wasn’t in the lab. Tony’s suit somewhat resembled all the other outfits of the Howling Commandos, donning the wings on the shoulders that associated them with Captain America. Tony’s suit had more dark red in it, not ideal if he should get injured, but it looked badass. On the chest was a little reactor that Tony had created, using his father’s blueprints as guides. It wasn’t perfect, but it provided power that would keep Tony safe and would allow him to keep up with the others if he ever fell behind.
Steve smiled before pulling his omega in for a kiss. He was happy until he noticed Tony was crying again, and he could tell it was more of a sad type of crying than happy. He held Tony close. “Hey, it’s okay. I’m here now, Tony. Everything is gonna be okay, you’ll see.”
“And I haven’t even gotten to the best part yet.” Tony chuckled and shifted to straddle Steve’s lap, slipping the ring onto Steve’s ring finger, the same finger that a married couple would share their wedding bands on. “Talking more about being together after the war has really made me think about what I’m going to do with my life. I… I honestly didn’t want to belong to anyone for a very long time. And then you came into my life and I haven’t been the same since. Somehow when I’m around you, everything feels right, and I…”
The foreplay seemed to last forever to Tony, each little nip releasing wave after wave of slick. The cot was pretty much soaked with slick, as was the nest, but neither alpha nor omega minded. They were so infatuated with each other that a soaked cot was the least of their worries. Tony was more concerned about when Steve was finally going to take his briefs off and fuck the living daylights out of him. Surely he was enticing enough for his alpha already, right? Yeah, it was their first time, things could get awkward and long, but hell, Tony was practically begging for Steve to get a move on.
“I knew you’d like it. That’s why I picked it out for tonight.” Tony smiled and leaned against Steve, bumping their hips together. “You know you always look good when you’re in your uniform.”
“Well I can’t change that, Tony,” Howard spat back. “Our society doesn’t accept that. No one accepts that you want to be more than an omega. It’s a simple fact of life, boy. Omegas stay home, alphas go off to war. You shouldn’t have even come over to Europe in the first place! You would be safe at home with your mother right now, and I wouldn’t have to worry about you when you disappear for a fucking mission with no notice other than this letter you left me!”
“Yeah, you told me that on the phone already.” Replied Bruce dryly. He was tired. Hulk growled again.
Clint was on the top of a building, watching over Natasha and shooting at robots when he had the time. He could see Thor and Tony doing a really good job at destroying the flying bots and saving the civilians, but he could barely see the two supersoldiers. His vision was blocked by a pile of rubble.
As his eyes roamed the room, they fell upon a metallic box. The blond went to open it and found several scalpels.
The first time Tony tried to reach out to Bucky, he had made sure Steve was out of the Tower and then he had made pancakes, before asking JARVIS to tell Bucky to come to the communal floor.
“No ! Listen to me Soldier ! You do not do that ! You will die if you do that ! Leave him there ! Leave him he will be alright if you hide him !” 'There is no way to know, but I can't lose both of you.'
“The train. I fell. I should have died but... I survived. I lost an arm, left one. I was in so much pain, and everything was so cold around me that I stopped shaking. I was dying. Did you find me ? Why... How am I still alive ?”
‘Stop complaining and drowning in self pity. You’re a weight, for all of the Avengers. It’s time you release that weight, because we all really miss the old times’
The supersoldier wanted to snort at that. Steve woudln't care less if he died, and none of the others would.
He stood up slowly and looked into the nearest mirror. He was going to have a phenomenal black eye. He carefully touched his ribs, and realized he was going to have to get Bruce to check on them without telling the other scientist how he got hurt. It's not like the others wouldn't notice the black eye, anyway. But he couldn't tell them it was the supersoldier. The blond was just doing what he thought was right. It was alright. Tony was alright. Steve just happened to love his best friend from the 40s more.
Bucky’s lips were dark pink, almost red.They looked bloody on his pale skin - paler than usual - Steve noted.
Steve wanted to open his eyes, help, he sensed that something was wrong, so very wrong, in the way the Asset's grip around him tightenned, and his legs left the ground. The former Hydra assassin was extremely tense, and Steve felt his heart start to race.
And then the voice of a long dead wise man : “You must promise me one thing. That you will stay who you are.”
Steve has a flashback. He remembers the time when he worked at the Hydra Orphanage and discovered a truth that would lead him to where he is now.
Okay... So what do you think of that new development ? And who's happy about the plot ??? Coz I rarely do anything like this, so I'm not sure if it's working out, but I guess you all can't know till it develops more.
Bucky had been in one of the guests room of the Tower when he heard the call. Tony had heard about him wanting to find a place of hiw own and insisted that he would find it for him, and make it a safe place. So he was stuck here, waiting to be free. He didn't mind that much, though. Knowing that the inventor cared enough to find him a safe place and pay for everything felt... Very nice. And warm.
The doctor was going to save the supersoldier anyway, but if Steve accepted to be saved, then he wouldn’t try again right after waking up. He would let Bruce take care of him.
Anyway I hope you just read that. Coz my long af notes are certainly not read by everyone and I get it it's so boring I skip them too. It's just, for those who keep commenting how Steve is so unforgivable, here, let me reveal some of the plot : Steve has issues. Mainly PTSD and depression but depression goes with PTSD most of the time (it's a symptom).
“I don't know.” He whispered, not waiting to see the impact of his honest words as he fled from the room.
Come on, don't be mad. Or hurt. Don't know what your reaction is lol. I know it doesn't seem like it, but it's like life : you never really know what's going to happen until it happens, and things often turn out more okay than you thought they'd do. ^^
Tony quickly wrapped up his drawings and stuck them in his back pocket. His steps were light and cheery, showing his excitement to see Steve that morning before they got to business, to steal a quick kiss and a hug before work. Moving into the kitchen where his father was waiting, the omega kept a smile on his face. Despite being away from his alpha, Tony was about as happy as ever. After all, he was going on a date that night, so he had the whole day to prepare and get even more excited. Surely Steve was going to feel the same way for most of the day.
Tony sighed as he stepped off the plane with his bags in tow. The states were not as happy as he remembered them. Perhaps it was because the day was drab and grey, a light but cold drizzle falling. Tony knew Jarvis would be waiting for him in the terminal of the airport he had landed in, and Jarvis was someone safe to stay with, but from the plane to the terminal, Tony was alone, just as he had been during the flight, with several pairs of alpha eyes looking at him like he was a piece of meat. He hated it. He had been used to being around Steve for so long, so he never had to worry about other alphas looking at him. Steve was Captain America, and no one was going to mess with Captain America’s omega.
Maria smiled and pulled her son in for a hug. “I’m sure, Tony. All three of them are here. Come on, let’s find out where they are.”
Tony looked back at Steve. “Y-yeah, of course! God, this is… this is amazing. There’s so many famous people here, I… I feel like I should be working in the back washing dishes for these people.”
“Don’t feel that way,” the blond said, reaching across the table to take one of Tony’s hands. “You belong here just as much as anyone else does. People who aren’t famous make reservations here all the time.”
“I think that’s a good plan,” Steve said with a nod. “We can get some nice flowers for them as well.”
When the day finally came for Steve, Bucky, and Howard to come home, Tony made himself a little more presentable than he normally did. He didn’t bother with the button up shirts and suspenders that day, trading them in for the first top he had found in the store at the mall back in May. Tony had worn that top for his birthday, and also for Steve’s, and while he was dressing, Tony was reminded yet again that they both missed being with each other on the days they turned yet another year older.
Tony glanced back at Steve, his face super red with his eyebrows low. “You’re a pain; doing this to me.”
Tony nodded. “I’m not exactly sure how long I can make the sleep for myself last, but if we make a serum similar to what Steve had, then I could possibly be frozen in time to wait for Steve to be found and also woken up.”
“We were given specific instructions for the occasion of finding you alive in the ice,” Fury started to explain. “We admit, we didn’t think you were going to wake up when we found you. Melting the ice keeping you in suspended animation took longer than we expected. Too bad you didn’t have a machine keeping you alive.”
“I don’t like working the floor. I prefer the stage.” he admitted in a low voice, hoping not many would hear him. Though most were overly drunk, so that helped.
“Anyway.” she said, turning back to Steve, “We’re interested in having you paint a mural in the main lobby. Something that celebrates what Stark Industries is all about.”
now, plus he was travelling with a trusted alpha, so it wasn't like he was alone and without protection.
your baby at risk! I know you wanted to fight, but…” Peggy sighed and brushed back her hair. “You shouldn’t fight again until after you have that baby. You understand me?”
It was a while before anyone in the room could speak again. Tony and Steve clung to each other, crying, and Peggy stood a respectful distance from them, staying silent to let the two mourn. This time, it wasn’t her who broke the silence. It was Steve, looking up with fire in his eyes and low growl coming from his chest.
“During the holidays Tony’s heat lined up with Steve’s rut. They spent it together. It’s safe to say that’s likely when it happened.” she explained in a gentle tone.
“It’s done,” he said as he locked the reactor into place on the chest piece of his suit. With it being completed, Tony put on his suit, showing off how it looked to everyone in the lab with him. His suit consisted of the dark red chest piece with the glowing reactor, straps that went over his shoulders to hold ammunition, a utility belt that went over the bottom of the tunic that fit under the chest piece, cargo pants with some armor on the outside of them around the thighs, and boots that were about knee high that were plated with armor, pieces stripped from the old shields that Steve hadn’t chosen. The very last piece of the suit was a mask that covered his nose and mouth, painted in similar light and dark red stripes as what were painted on the chest piece.
“I’ll be down shortly with the payment contract.” Miss Potts said as Tony lead the way out of the office and to the elevators so they could go to the lab.
Steve pulled out a chair for Tony at their table, pushing it in when the omega had taken his seat. “You look like you’re not sure how to feel,” he said as he took his own seat. “Is this okay?”
“Did you not just hear me? This is crazy, you know that right? You going to save those soldiers? That’s a long ways to walk, or drive even!” When Tony didn’t get any sort of reply, he tried to push Steve to a stop, but that only caused his feet to dig into the mud. He grunted as he almost tripped, and then he whined again, his rib giving him a fit of pain. “Shit… Steve, come on!”
“Okay,” Steve said, smiling at Tony. “We should probably leave soon, then. Don’t want to keep your parents waiting, and I don’t want to keep Bucky from missing his next flight to New York.”
"I don't know if we'll find anything matching, but at least a lot of these pajamas are soft and will probably satisfy what you're looking for."
