—both because of what Steve can help him with and because of what the serum means for scientific advancement, though Steve hasn’t let Bruce or Yinsen take any of his blood yet.
He turned, waving at his two friends standing by the hotel’s revolving door. “Uh, you know what, why don’t you text me about that and I’ll get back to you?”
He shrugs. “I like what you’ve got going here. I really think it’s a great idea. You’ve got great products, a really sustainable business model. But I think you need more startup money.”
“Babe, we need to get a new calendar,” Tony said when Steve walked into the kitchen to start making breakfast. Eggs and toast sounded good, he thought, though Tony would probably have one of his classic smoothies and steal a couple bites from Steve’s toast.
“Why you were thinking about her,” Tony clarified. “We’ve kinda got a similar situation going on here, wouldn’t you say?”
“Oh, well, let me welcome you to town! Westview is a wonderful place to settle down, especially if you’re looking to raise a couple little ones, eh?” He winked. Vision looked awkward for a moment, then made a sound of understanding and winked back. Well, maybe he was from another part of the country and didn’t understand the joke at first. He’d heard some strange things about people from California; not everyone could be as wonderful as people from New Jersey. “Now, I’ll just go over a little bit about what we do here and then—”
“No,” Steve automatically denies. Then he grimaces. “Maybe. I—we didn’t even really get a chance to understand what we were saying no to.”
Still stuck on the bed, DUM-E beeps dubiously. Tony gets the impression that the bot still isn’t convinced. Tony doesn’t blame him. He’s probably threatened to take him offline enough times that DUM-E completely believes him by now, even though he’s never serious about the threat. He wouldn’t do that to DUM-E. Sure, he’s got issues, but that just gives him personality! Besides, Rhodey adores him, even if he claims otherwise. Tony can’t just get rid of him.
So he’s surprised (and maybe a little disappointed) when he asks JARVIS where Tony is and the AI says that he’s in their room.
“Alright, come on, you useless bag of bolts. I need you next to the computer so I can plug you in.” He glances at the repurposed microwave that he turned into a fabricator last month in the corner of the room. There’s about an hour left on the fabrication time for DUM-E’s new strut. That’s more than enough time to finish the coding and install the new strut before Rhodey’s ROTC thingmajig (some sort of awards dinner, he thinks, but he doesn’t like to think about Rhodey and the Air Force so he didn’t listen when Rhodey told him about it) gets out in two hours. He might even have enough time for a trip to the laundry downstairs.
“A minion,” Tony says promptly. Steve laughs, making Tony smile a little. “Thanks, Steve. I just—I wanted to talk about this with someone who understood.”
Steve is careful not to brush against him as he walks inside, though it’s close. The doorway isn’t large, and Steve is a big man. He drops his bag on the wooden table in the entryway, not sure if Tony has a room set aside for him, or even if he wants Steve to stay there at all.
Tony checks his watch. “Yeah, I think it’s happening right around now. Come on.” He leads Steve over to the couches where he turns on the TV and flips through the channels until he lands on one of the news stations. Steve immediately sees what Tony is talking about: the screen is taken up with Ross’ furious face, spitting abuses at anyone who’ll listen as he’s shoved into a police car. He can’t immediately read what the banner at the bottom says, as it’s in another language, but Tony does something with his phone and the language changes to English. Ross, it appears, has finally been arrested for his inhumane treatment of the Avengers and the crimes he committed by trying to institute the Sentinels program.
“And it’s—I knew he was using me, okay? Justin’s a soul-sucking, bottom feeder, who befriends and dates and uses people to climb to the top and I knew he just wanted my connections with Howard so I thought it was okay but then. I don’t know—” Horrifyingly, Steve hears Tony let out a tiny sniffle. Oh gods, he doesn’t know how to handle this. He’s terrible at comfort, really he is. “He got those connections after a couple of weeks, it wasn’t like he had to keep dating me, so I guess I thought… Well, doesn’t matter what I thought.”
Good for her, Steve thinks approvingly. It might be too little, too late, but at least one of Tony’s parents is standing up for him. As if she heard the thought, Maria glances in his direction and smiles at him. He nods back before Carol stops in front of him with a small handful of Poison Detectors (they glow blue if something is unfit for consumption, which, if he’s being honest with himself, is definitely something that the café needs).
Jarvis is the only one who knows about this particular hiding spot, which is probably why it’s Tony’s favorite. Tony does like his sulking, and he gets frustrated every time he has to give up a new one because everyone else has found it. But this one is just for the two of them. They’ve spent hours up here sometimes, watching clouds drift lazily across the moon. The boy is laying on his back, staring up at the stars, though Jarvis doubts, from the glazed look in his eyes, that he’s really seeing them.
Tony watched him nervously, not saying that they didn’t have to, but Steve knew that he meant it all the same. It was obvious in the way his fingers drummed against the wood next to Steve’s head and in the way his other hand twitched on Steve’s hip like he wanted to reach for something (his sunglasses, Steve’s mind provided, like he had when they were younger and might still; Steve wouldn’t know, they only spent a few hours each day together).
“No, I—I get that. But there are grants that you can apply for, since you’re supporting local businesses. And I would be happy to help you with those.”
Shuri contacts him later that week to tell him that one of the Dora Milaje tested Bucky’s trigger words. They no longer work on him. He’s completely free. Steve is—elated, of course he is. No one deserves to live with something like that in their head, especially not Bucky. But he’s not sure what to do now. He’s still trying to rebuild his relationship with Tony. They’re in such a fragile state and he isn’t sure what Tony will do if Steve tells him they can’t keep meeting anymore because he wants to go take care of his best friend—which he does, but he doesn’t want to leave Tony behind. Not again.
“You’re lucky,” he told her. “Your husband doesn’t abandon you in favor of feeding candy to small children. God, I don’t envy their parents. Bedtime’s going to be a nightmare.”
“Steve!” Tony hollers through the communicator. Steve glances up from the board game he’s playing with Natasha and Clint and over at where the communicator hangs from the ship’s wall. He still doesn’t really understand the technology behind the communicators even after a year of being awake, but they’re hung all over the
Both Tony and Janet give him matching dumbfounded looks. “I’m adopted, duh,” Janet says. Steve looks between the matching looks, the similar hair colors, and thinks that there’s nothing “duh” about it, but he doesn’t want to argue about it when he’s slowly realizing that he’d nearly fallen under her thrall and that’s just—no.
The coffee is done by the time he sets the last fork in the rack. Tony passes him a mug as he murmurs, “One cream, five sugars.” It’s the way Steve has always taken his coffee and he’s a little surprised at first that Tony remembered, but then again, Tony has always taken care of them, keeping Natasha’s favorite fruit—blackberries—in the fridge all the time, making sure that there was always something sweet in the pantry for Thor. It really shouldn’t be that surprising that Tony remembered Steve’s coffee order.
“Come on,” he says, nudging his head toward the bathroom. “Let’s get you clean and into your nice warm pajamas and then we can see about a bedtime story, huh? How about that?”
He’s on the verge of just returning the frame to the store when Luis looks at it and says, “Man, just tell him it comes with the license if he doesn’t like it.”
“Welcome home, Sir,” JARVIS says in the background, sounding just as muted as the rest of the city. He doesn’t know how JARVIS is still working through the blackout, but he suspects Tony must have housed the AI’s servers somewhere off the main power grid. Steve turns, just as Tony trudges into the kitchen. He’s sweaty and filthy, his suit pants streaked with oil and grease, the expensive white silk shirt he’d put on that morning nearly transparent in all its sweat-soaked glory. Steve finds his attention catching and holding on the shirt and whatever red… something, Steve can’t tell what, Tony is wearing underneath.
It doesn’t matter what he’s going to say to Tony, because as soon as Steve pulls up in front of the hotel, Tony is all but sprinting out of the front office. “Drive,” Tony pants as soon as he dives into the front seat.
With that thought firmly fixed in his mind, he pulled his fingers out—perhaps a little earlier than he should have, but he liked the sting—double checked the condom Tony was wearing, and sank down on Tony’s cock. It took a moment—Tony’s cock wasn’t overly long, but it was
Uncle Grant makes a sound like he doesn’t believe him. Tony just counts himself lucky that Uncle Grant can’t see him. He’s got a great poker face to everyone but his family. His uncle, especially, has always been good at figuring out when he’s not telling the whole truth.
“No,” he declared after thinking about it for a second. He said it originally as a denial, a shocked belief that there was no way that could be happening to them, but the more he thought about it, the more certain he was. Sure, the news had taken him by surprise, but, “There’s no way. We’re the best show Pierce has, there’s no way he’d cancel us.”
Tony scowls, opens his mouth, and suddenly weary of all the arguing, Steve adds, “Can we not fight about this? I
“Thor thinks Thanos will be coming here once he collects the other Stones. We need to be ready. We need everyone we can get. Steve, you promised me you would think about signing the Accords if they were amended. They’ve been amended; where’s your signature?”
“He’s on probationary status as an Avenger, which means he can’t be on complete house arrest or else he’ll never be able to train with the team. So, he’s confined to either his home or the Compound with the possibility of a lighter sentence depending on how he works with the team, to be evaluated at the six-month point.
Steve flips through it, checking for Tony’s signature and safewords. Tony’s put down two, the color system and the word “mansion.” Steve glances back up at him questioningly.
Trying to defuse the situation, Steve says, “You know, Tony, there’s a lot of product here. You’ll want to be careful, you don’t want to spend too much money up front. You need to be prepared to survive twelve months without a profit.”
Steve shook his head and reached behind him to close the door. “I was upstairs, shaving. Didn’t hear you until you started caterwauling.”
“What are you doing?” he asks curiously, pushing aside the curtain that divides the rooms. He stops dead in his tracks as soon as he sees what Tony has done to the room. Tony must have had an insomniac episode last night and come in to work on this because it’s been
“Yeah,” Tony said heavily. “I get that now. I—I’m sorry, Steve. I wouldn’t have asked about the fireworks if I’d known you hadn’t realized I was asking you out.”
“Yeah, that wasn’t great. I spent my entire adulthood convinced my dad was an alcoholic who killed my mom by driving drunk and was just starting to get over that when…”
. The cracks already have to be there. Tony really fucked you over and now you’re telling me that not only are you sleeping with him again, but he wants to get back together? And you
“Yeah, well, I’m doing it for myself, so don’t get too excited,” Tony says in that gruff tone that means he’s lying and a little emotional about what he’s lying about. “I’m tired of Vision leaving the team so he can see Wanda. And I might have found new team members, but it’s not enough to deal with all the threats in the world.”
“Darling,” he murmured sometime later, when his lips felt swollen and Steve’s eyes were blown black when he pulled a few inches away to look at him. “Darling, I think we should take this upstairs.”
Tony frowned. “No,” he said slowly, drawing out the word. “Wanda’s only ever been friends with Agnes. Steve, are you feeling alright?”
They stop beside the energy converter. Steve can immediately see what Tony means by there being something wrong with it. The converter is made out of some sort of transparent material—Steve doesn’t know what—so he can see right in to where something is twisted in the converter itself, partially fusing the door shut. Even Tony, with all his abilities as an Aurum, can’t reach into an active energy converter without burning his hand to ashes, and the converter has to stay active or they’ll be dead in space, so they’ll have to stop somewhere where he can make the necessary repairs.
Across from him, Steve reaches out to pat U as well. He does so gently, but even gentle for Steve Rogers is harder than the average person and a little piece of U crumbles under his touch. Tony fights back a wince, knowing how Steve would take it. As it is, Steve’s face crumples, and he snatches his hand back as though burned.
“Help us understand. You worked with Dr. Stark on the amendments, yes? Why are you going back on them?”
“Mostly, the same old stuff that happens every year,” Tony said, snuggling up next to him. Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulders and dropped a quick kiss on his hair. Tony beamed up at him before turning to give Steve’s neck a kiss of his own. “But Wanda and Vision? That was fantastic. Like watching
“Pretty sure?” Steve asks. He hands Tony one of the drinks. “One caramel macchiato with two pumps of vanilla and cinnamon on top for you.”
As soon as he’s gone, Steve dials the only number programmed into this phone and raises the phone to his ear. It only rings once before it goes straight to voicemail. He lowers it, frowning at the phone as though it’s the machine’s fault Tony ignored him.
So, he forwards the copies of the Accords to Clint and Scott, telling them that the copies came from T’Challa because he knows that none of them will ever forgive him if they find out he’s been talking to Tony without telling anyone, even though he knows Tony wouldn’t use their talks to track them all down and arrest them. It’s probably fine; he’s sure the king already knows to expect Clint and Scott’s signatures and will probably know to go along with whatever story Steve gives them, and then he sits down in his room with his own copy.
Steve did know what those groups were like. And he knew that it didn’t matter what they were like as long as Pierce stood up to them, but that was never going to happen. He and Tony had both known that.
Oh. And that’s when it hits him—a way to solve both his crush and Tony’s clear misery. He clears his throat. “You, uh, you hear about the fair down in Elmdale tonight?”
“I’ve got nowhere else to be,” Tony says, which isn’t a yes, so Steve waits until Tony squirms and adds, “You’re really big on this explicit consent thing, huh. Yes, I’m good with multiple shots.”
“Oh so it’s a high school class?” he asks, eagerly wanting to know more. That’s strange, he knows there’s something he came here to do, but all he can think about is finding out more about Janet’s life. She just makes it sound so
Stunned, Steve stares at him for a long time, not sure what to focus on first. That Thor is returning to Earth? The destruction of Asgard? That apparently Bruce has been out in space this entire time, which explains why he and Nat couldn’t find him here?
Without thinking twice about it, he pulls over to the side of the road. They’re well out of town by now, on an empty patch of the highway. There’s no one for miles around to see them, except perhaps the cows.
Tony yanked Steve into his office as soon as he arrived. Steve nearly stumbled over his feet, but quickly caught himself and followed Tony inside, glancing curiously at him as Tony closed the door behind them. They hadn’t really spoken since their argument last week, and their show on Monday had been so stiffly polite it had left their fans puzzled over what could have happened. Steve wouldn’t say that he and Tony were
She pats the bed encouragingly and smiles at him. Tony’s face brightens, and he scrambles across the room, leaving the door open in his haste. No matter, she can always close it again once Tony’s fallen asleep.
Tony’s frown only deepens, but there’s a hopeful light in his eyes that tells her how badly he wants a Cap Bear. “Howard says Cap Bears are only for boys who behave.”
“Good idea,” Steve praises, making Tony blush, which is… interesting. He sets that reaction aside to think about later. Today is just for his art, but Tony isn’t exactly ugly to look at it, exactly his type though Steve had been too caught up in his age earlier to notice, and if he’s as pretty tied up as Steve thinks he’ll be, well, it might be fun to revisit that contract at a later date.
He needed a minute to remember who Geraldine was. He and Steve really were pretty antisocial, weren’t they, if he couldn’t remember the names of their neighbors. “That’s Wanda’s friend, isn’t it?” he said eventually. Steve nodded. “Sure I do, she lives—” He stopped. Where
“I’m going to get you the money, Tony,” Steve says, far more confident and assured than he actually feels about the grants. But when he sees the way Tony’s face softens and his eyes shine, he realizes there’s not a thing he wouldn’t say or do to keep Tony smiling like that.
There are a little under forty-five thousand Steve Rogerses currently alive in the United States (apparently a lot of them were born right after Captain America crashed into the ice and have since passed away), and thirty year-old Tony has crossed off all the ones that live in this country.
“It wasn’t his fault,” Steve says sharply. Maybe, if he keeps saying the words, he’ll even start to believe it, because right now, it can be so hard to believe that with Bucky in cryo again and those mission reports sitting right in front of him with pictures of a monster wearing his best friend’s face. He wonders if Tony has realized yet that he wasn’t the only person who’d lost people to the Winter Soldier that night. Steve and Bucky both had lost a close friend.
He sits back. Out of all the things Tony could have said, asking for Steve’s opinion is the one he’d expected the least. It’s not that he doesn’t know that Tony respects him. Tony has always been one to consider Steve’s opinion after Loki and New York, with the notable exception of everything that happened with Ultron. Even during the whole mess with the Accords, Tony had been willing to listen, even as he’d pushed for Steve to sign.
“Vision, hi!” Tony said cheerfully as they stopped in the produce aisle. “Shopping for dinner tonight?”
“Uh, sure?” Steve exchanges looks with Natasha and Sam, smiling reassuringly at them to urge them on when it looks like they’ll hesitate. “What’s going on?”
As one, they looked at Dodger, who was currently whining that Dummy’s food bowl—which only responded to a chip in Dummy’s collar—was empty, while there was plenty of dog food in Dodger’s bowl less than a foot away.
“What? Hold on.” He takes the phone away from his ear and waves down Luis, who’s doing some paperwork at the dining table. “Hey, can you take over dinner? This is important.”
Then with her brother gone and few of her friends the nurturing type, she’d never thought about children there either. Certainly she’d never thought that Howard would be the type to have children. And if she’s being honest with herself, she doesn’t think that Howard really thinks of Tony as a child, more as an eventual heir to his growing empire. She still thinks of that cover of
“Huh.” Tony drummed his fingers on the bedspread, upsetting Dummy, who let out a plaintive meow. “That
“Yeah, he stopped by,” Steve says. His phone buzzes in his pocket but he ignores it. “How did you hear about that?”
He heads down into the belly of the ship, pausing once at one of the portholes to look out at the stars flashing by them. It still amazes him that humans have achieved all of this (and horrifies him that they achieved this but left their own planet behind).
He closes his eyes while he catches his breath, eventually managing to say, “I’d offer you a bath to clean you up and get you warm again, but you’re SOL this time.”
“Look, Steve, I’m just worried about you,” Bucky said quietly, taking care not to disturb Sam, who was napping against the cab window on their way to the airport. “I know you think you’ve got this under control, but the very fact that you didn’t mention this for three years proves you don’t.”
“Well, Wanda sent me out to pick up some oatmeal cream pies while she finished our costumes for the talent show. We’re participating, you know.”
who can’t possibly be legal, smiling at him in a pair of leggings and an oversized hoodie with the hood drawn up to protect him from the rain. He’s carrying a small duffel bag at his side and Steve’s mind blanks at the realization of what’s inside—at what
“Yeah, I can understand that,” Steve says, thinking of all the nightmares he’s had since waking up from the ice. He still tries to avoid places too far north during the winter and it’s been years since he woke up. “It’ll be okay. Rhodey’s strong. He’ll figure out a way to get back up there.”
“Yes, actually, in thirty-seven countries, which you would know if you’d let Mom send you to that school instead of hitchhiking to—”
Steve thinks he understands. He isn’t the only one who took a chance on trusting Tony. Sam did too, so he thinks he’s owed better than Steve lying to him about who he’s been meeting with for the last several months.
“I’m not—” He stops, wondering why the thought of Tony assuming that someone is there for his sister and not him makes him sad. Objectively, of course, it is sad, but there’s no reason it should make him want to bundle Tony up in a blanket and feed him chocolate chip cookies until he feels better. “I’m not here for your sister.”
Peggy scoffs. Of course he does, like Howard has ever behaved a day in his life. What is he teaching this boy? To try to live up to some impossible standard that no one, not even Steve, could ever keep? She suspects she knows the reason—it’s the same one that makes Howard keep pushing his son into the spotlight. He sees an heir where he should see his son.
“Hey,” he says softly when he steps inside, hoping not to startle Tony too badly, which would send not only the floating objects but Tony himself crashing to the floor.
They leave for Wakanda the next morning. Steve’s heart feels as though it’s in his throat; he’s so nervous. He hasn’t seen Bucky since he went back into ice. He doesn’t know how Bucky will react to seeing him, if he’ll be happy to see his old friend again, angry that they’ve been forced into hiding… He doesn’t know and that scares him. He risked so much to make sure Bucky would be safe and he doesn’t think that he’s owed anything for that, not in the slightest, but—but he doesn’t want to find out that he gave up Tony for nothing.
Tony smiles viciously. “Because I made sure it never saw the light of day.” He sighs, smile fading as he runs his hand through his hair. “You gotta understand Steve: people are
Steve had asked Vision once why he chose Wanda and not Tony. He’d known as soon as he asked that it was horrible of him to ask but he’d just come back from the tower, from hearing Tony speak to FRIDAY and watching him wince with every word she spoke, and he had wanted to know why Vision, who had as much of JARVIS in him as the Mind Stone had so easily latched onto Wanda and only Wanda. He hadn’t meant it the way it sounded, hadn’t meant to imply that Vision had chosen one and sacrificed the other; rather, that Vision, who had chosen the voice of someone Tony had just lost, hadn’t immediately latched onto Tony.
In the ensuing ringing silence, Tony cautiously raises his head. “Did I get him?” he asks, only to spot Captain America staring dumbstruck at the fallen Loki.
It’s the sort of unexpected genius that Tony is so good at. Steve doesn’t know that he would have ever thought about making sure that the UN couldn’t get that list. He would have been—and had been—so focused on stopping the Accords from happening at all that he would have forgotten about other ways to get around the system.
He had always thought he hid his discomfort well, but Tony must have known about it. Why else would he have chosen this house for a meeting place, so soon after their fight in Siberia?
Steve waits until after the press conference is finished before texting Tony. He’s sure he could have texted during and Tony would have just waited until later to reply, but judging by the rapid speed of Tony’s answers when he’s texted in the past, Tony probably has the phone on him and he doesn’t want to distract him during the press conference.
He pulls away after another moment, grabs the bowl of ice off the nightstand, and shifts onto his side. The ice has started to melt, but there’s still more than enough for what Steve wants to do. He looks down at Tony, who’s gazing up at him with a soft, trusting expression, shiny lips slightly parted as he breathes. His irises are merely thin rings around his blown pupils. He looks halfway to wrecked already, and the sight makes Steve moan.
Tony: Darling, I can barely see far enough into the future to plan out what I’m going to have for dinner tonight and you expect me to imagine where we’ll be in another two years?
For the first time, Steve found himself paying attention to the rumors. This wasn’t some nebulous claim Rumlow was making with zero evidence to back him up. This was an actual organization who had a history of mutual dislike with Steve and Tony. Money talked, and if Focus on the Family really had threatened to pull their funding unless something was done about
Tony’s face lights up, breathtaking and beautiful and so close Steve wants to reach out to touch, only he doesn’t know if he’s allowed to. “Steve, I don’t know how long you’re going to be running. I don’t even know if you’re ever going to come home, but Steve, I don’t want to waste this chance. We’re working on building something better, we talk, and yeah, we don’t always agree, but really who does? Neither of us needs an echo chamber, I’ve got plenty of those on the board and they just make me miserable, but
He thinks about threatening to return to his salamander form and staying that way for the rest of eternity if that’s what it would take to make them stop complaining about clothes. But he remembers the years he’d spent trapped as a salamander after Arendelle’s betrayal, how he’d never been able to calm down enough to stop setting fire to everything in sight, how scared he’d been all that time, and he thinks that this is better. Even if humans
. The whole point of the SHRA was to make sure that if someone was abusing their powers, the UN would know who committed the crime and stop them. I wasn’t exactly comfortable with the idea, I don’t like anyone having access to the suits, even if I
“What, Nat’s not keeping you updated?” Tony asks with a light chuckle. Steve doesn’t know how to answer that. He hadn’t known Nat was still talking with either of them. Tony takes pity on him and says, “I’m pretty sure Clint’s still in contact with her, though he’s been staying pretty tight-lipped about it.”
And then, as night fell, Tony let out a sharp cry, staring wide-eyed at their backyard. Steve didn’t need him to tell what had upset him; he could easily see it: the shimmering scarlet wall that reminded him of what they’d seen earlier when Wanda and Agnes had fought. It was coming toward them, slow and creeping and foreboding in a way that felt like the barrier in his mind.
“Supposedly? Don’t you think it would be nice to be in love with your best friend?” he asks curiously.
He started to push Tony away, giving himself a few inches to breathe air that didn’t smell so strongly of Tony’s cologne. Tony whined, snuffling against his neck. The little sound almost made Steve give in, but he reminded himself that he had to ask. He had to make sure that this didn’t have anything to do with the argument they’d had last week.
It’s been less than a month since he realized he’s attracted to men. He’s still trying to figure this whole thing out and even more than he wants to ask Tony out, he doesn’t want Tony to think he’s just an experiment. It’s just… he doesn’t want to ask anyone
He hates that Tony was put in this situation, hates that his own father was the one to put him there when Tony
bed, even if it’s entirely platonic. Then he stands and starts to leave, only to stop when he’s less than halfway to the door when Tony quietly says, “Stay?”
Steve hastily obeys, realizing only now how hard he is, how much he’s aching to come. It had been easy to ignore when he’d been focused on Tony, but now that his cock is in his hands, now that he’s jerking off over Tony’s sprawled body, he doesn’t know how he managed it. He whines, almost too sensitive, and Tony sits up, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck so he can pull him back down. Steve stretches out over him, supported on one arm, while Tony drapes one leg over Steve’s hip, urging him into a rhythm against him.
Steve opened his mouth to say something, but movement outside caught his eye. When he turned, the boys were gone, Wanda and Agnes gone too. “What the…” he murmured. He darted back to the window, peering to either side, thinking that maybe they’d gone further down the street, but he couldn’t see them anywhere. There was, however, a car smoking and upside-down in the ruins where the front wall of Wanda’s house used to be.
“Family?” Tony repeated, sounding both skeptical and surprised. “We’ve known Wanda for how long? And she’s never once mentioned any family.”
to kiss him then, so he did, nuzzling Tony’s lips open with gentle kisses, then licking into Tony’s mouth when it parted on a soft gasp. He drank in all of Tony’s noises as he rocked against him, letting out quiet moans of his own every time Tony’s cock slid against his, the touch muffled through two layers of fabric, but no less potent for that. Tony was intoxicating, he always had been since the day they met, and Steve was more than happy to get drunk on him.
There’s a knock on the front door, startling him out of his musings. It must be Sam, because Sam is the only other member of their team in the city at the moment with both Natasha and Wanda out of the country on personal business, but he still frowns. Sam should know the knock they’d established to inform each other they were at the door and that wasn’t his knock.
“And you’ll take them to the UN?” Steve asks, slightly amazed that Tony is even willing to listen to Steve’s thoughts after everything that’s happened between them.
“The whole—” Tony makes some sort of wavy motion with his hands that Steve doesn’t even remotely understand. “—Attraction thing.”
“They do at that. Scott’s trial wrapped up about a month ago. He’s being confined to modified house arrest for a year.”
For a decade, he built up his reputation as a talk show host, moving onto bigger and better shows every few years. He was happy, or at least he wasn’t
“That’s not a sample, just like everything else you’ve ‘sampled’ today,” Tony snaps. “I still have to sell all of this.”
He gives a longing glance to the refrigerator, knowing that he really shouldn’t open the fridge to keep the food and milk cold as long as possible. Doesn’t mean that he doesn’t want to stick his head inside anyway to cool off.
Steve spent most of the morning doing the necessary research for the interview on their show, though he did take the time during lunch to check out how their fandom was doing. Neither he nor Tony were overly fond of having a fandom in the first place. Steve had never cared for the spotlight and as for Tony, well, despite his flashy upbringing, he hated the spotlight almost as much as Steve did. But that, he supposed, was the price of having a very popular radio show. And, since all of their shows were made available online a month after airing for the first time, it made it easy for their fans to go back and listen to old shows (though, for the most part, only the hardcore Stony shippers did that).
Finally, he manages to coax a smile out of her. It’s small and a little sadder than he’d like it to be, but at least she’s smiling.
Tony grimaces. “Not exactly. As it turns out, Asgard has been destroyed. Thor is bringing a ship of Asgardian refugees to Earth in the hopes of making a new home here—along with Bruce.”
Tony shrugs uncomfortably. “I know he didn’t mean to do… what he did. And I’m sure Wakanda has thoughts on how to help him. So, you know…”
Tony and Janet have a conversation that seems to consist entirely of micro-expressions. Steve looks away. This really is a remarkable setup. He’d loved the idea on paper but seeing the way it’s coming together, he’s more impressed than ever that Tony thought of this niche market that’s both wholly suited to Tony’s tastes and to the town.
Well, this at least puts them back on familiar footing. Somewhere, in the back of his mind, he wonders if Tony did that to put him at ease again because it’s so easy to tease, “No, no, what you’re supposed to say here is that you’re glad I invested in your business because of all the things I do for our store.”
“Tony,” Steve interrupts, placing his finger on Tony’s lips to shush him. The simple, innocuous touch sends a small thrill shooting through him, sparks dancing up his spine. He cand do this, he’s
It just made no sense. He and Tony had a convenient relationship, but he’d never allowed his feelings to get tangled up in it. Sure he’d had that years-long misunderstanding with Tony, but they’d both been careful over the last few weeks to move past all that. And yeah, he hated that Tony no longer dropped by his office randomly to share whatever wacky thing their fandom had gotten up to or brought him coffee first thing in the morning, but that was just because he was missing his friend. Tony had meant for those to be romantic overtures, and now that he knew it was never going to happen, he’d stopped. Steve was sure that eventually Tony would realize he could still do all those things as friends and he’d start doing it again. In the meantime, he just had to be patient.
“Did you have something to do with this?” Sam asks Steve quietly as T’Challa begins to list the new amendments. It’s only then that Steve realizes how broadly he’s smiling. He hadn’t realized the amendments were up for vote. He suspects Tony hadn’t told him on purpose, not wanting to build up hope only for it to come crashing down in the event that none of Steve’s amendments passed. It’s kind of him, and he makes a mental reminder to tell Tony thank you when they next see each other in person.
convenient, but that wasn’t the only reason Steve kept going home with him. And anyway, he was certain that Tony thought the same thing about him. It was easier to go out with someone close by and was a sure thing instead of trying to find someone at a bar or through an app, and it helped that they both knew what each other liked.
By the time Steve makes it back across the street to the office, he has almost fifteen missed calls from Tony. He has great intentions of calling him back just as soon as he sits down and eats something but then Luis has another client for him and then he’s got a phone conference with another business licenser in Elmdale and then it’s already late afternoon.
Somehow, without quite remembering it, he got to work. He had to have driven, the car was in the parking lot after all, but he had no recollection of the drive. Tony shuddered, thinking of the news program he and Steve had watched last night. The world was rapidly becoming a scarier place and he hated to think what could be happening to his brain right at that very moment.
He slammed himself down, feeling that coil of heat get tighter and tighter, until it finally broke. Steve came hard, his cock spurting as far up as Tony’s beard. He slumped over as he panted, barely managing to catch himself on his hands before he crushed Tony. Tony was whining under him, hips jerking up in tiny movements, driving his still-hard cock further into Steve’s oversensitive body.
,” Tony laughs, gasping for breath between each word. “Darling, you were two feet away from me and you just let me
So he tells him about Clint saying he missed Tony, Bruce, and Thor; about Natasha doing yoga on her own, leaving it up for Tony to figure it out on his own that she misses doing yoga with him; about Sam doing routine maintenance on Redwing and starting to say something to the empty air only to realize that Tony isn’t right there beside him, tinkering on his own project.
And then he’d come back early one night from class to find Howard Stark in their room, screaming at his son about his inability to get rid of his roommate and his supposedly less-than-impressive grades (Steve shared two gen ed classes with Tony; he had nothing to be ashamed of) and the embarrassment he was apparently causing the family. Steve knew a little something about shitty fathers and the moment he’d seen the sheen of held-back tears in Tony’s eyes, he saw red.
He’s not expecting it when Steve suddenly rips his cowl off, but he can’t find it in him to be upset, not when he can see every inch of Steve’s beautiful face, not when Steve is smiling shyly at him and muttering that he wants Tony to see him, just as he can see Tony.
“Oh.” For a moment, he thinks Tony’s going to ask him how his run is going and he’s going to have to make something else up, but then Tony says in a rush, “I need you to come with me on the vendor runs this morning.”
“It’s not the middle of nowhere, it’s upstate New York. And it doesn’t work like that. I’m still from Brooklyn, no matter where I live currently. And, for your information, I go into town all the time.” Admittedly, the last time had been a month ago, but still.
Tony’s “lair” (as Clint calls it) is located at the very bottom of the ship. It’s here that Tony holds his court, making sure that the engines that run the ship are still intact and running smoothly, tinkering with other projects that the other crewmembers give to him, and designing improved systems for the
“As well she should,” Tony said archly. “I’m glad they moved here. It wouldn’t be Westview without them.”
Tony. It couldn’t be. Steve had been so careful to avoid ending up anywhere near Tony. Last he’d heard, they worked on opposite sides of the country. It couldn’t be—
good side to this is that I think I’ll have enough leverage now to push for the arc reactor project.”
The door is still unlocked so he lets himself in. Tony, who is fiddling with the cash register, glances up when he walks in. There’s a flash of anxiety across his face before he tucks it away beneath a cool veneer.
“Came to see me after he got turned away, complaining about some uppity jerk. Figured he meant you.”
Steve jumps, turning at the same time and wondering when Tony had gotten there and how he’d missed the bell. “What, are you and Rhodey out to get me or something?” he exclaims, clutching his heart. “This is the second time today one of you has tried to scare me half to death.”
“If you’re referring to me wanting to do a soft launch and you talking me out of it, I’d just like to point out that if we’d gone with the soft launch, we wouldn’t be nearly as worried about having enough food or drink to cover the opening.”
“I can’t—I have to go.” He snatched his bag off the chair, not caring that it was still unzipped and things were falling out of it. “I can’t talk about this with you right now.”
Tony’s seatbelt isn’t even buckled but Steve obediently pulls out onto the road. He glances over a second later to see that Tony is already reaching for the seatbelt so, reassured, he turns his attention back to the empty road.
“I was wrong. I should have. I let my emotions about Bucky cloud my judgment. I should have told you right from the start that I was worried about an army of supersoldiers instead of letting you think I would fight my own teammates over the Accords.”
That sounds fake, but okay. “What am I supposed to look out for then? Kicking, talking in your sleep, demons randomly appearing at the foot of the bed?” It sounds ridiculous but Bucky’s college roommate was a crossroads demon who would sometimes summon their hellhound in the middle of the night.
He takes out the flip phone and stares at it for a while, drumming his fingers against the wooden railing. Eventually, he flips the phone open and starts a next text message to Tony:
“Then we’ll offer a refund and laugh once he leaves.” Tony grabs the mister for the sun orchids in the front window and then pauses. “Here’s an entirely hypothetical question for you that you shouldn’t read too much into: has your family ever forgotten your birthday?” There’s a very subtle emphasis on the way he says “your family” that makes Steve think his instinct was correct: it’s Tony’s birthday and his family forgot.
He opens his mouth to argue but before he can, Tony is right there. “I gotta go!” he blurts out and takes off for the bathroom.
“Okay,” Tony said eventually. “We really need to talk about this now. That was too specific to just be a rumor.”
“I did so much damage trying to prepare for him coming,” Tony says, and Steve isn’t sure that he even heard him. “I made
And he thinks about the letter he sent, about being worried that Tony was rattling around in the Compound by himself, and he wonders if that’s exactly what he’s forced on Tony. Because he looks around and he realizes that no matter what he said, the team isn’t really split apart at all. They’re almost all right here with him.
Tony ignored the second half of her statement, instead exclaiming, “What a coincidence! I’ve been following
sparkly tickets—and then looks back up at Bucky. “You don’t even celebrate Christmas,” he says blankly, at a loss for anything less inane to say.
He just—he didn’t know why it was bothering him so much. So Tony was thinking about moving on and finding a different show; who cared? So Steve was going to lose his convenient relationship and would have to start all over again with someone else; who cared? So that someone would be someone new that Steve didn’t have a history with and wouldn’t know his history and definitely wouldn’t know how he took his very particular coffee order and—no.
ago—and yet he can’t find them anywhere. He’s already checked hospital death records, looking for anyone who died with his own name on their wrist, but unless his Steve died in the wilderness and a body had never been recovered, they’re still alive.
They went to bed early that night, Tony wishing again that they could afford one of those fancy single beds for them to share. But those were for people much wealthier than him (people like his parents, something whispered in the back of his mind, though he didn’t know why; his parents were grocers, not millionaires). He looked over at Steve in the bed beside him and felt that disquieting sense still niggling at him. He couldn’t figure out why he had the strangest sense that they didn’t even share a
“Sure, but, Stevie, sign or not, I’m never gonna pick up a gun again. I don’t even know if I want to leave Wakanda.”
“I wanted you to hear this from me before someone like Rumlow or Sitwell told you,” Tony said eventually. His throat visibly worked for a second. “There’s a rumor going around the station that we’re going to be taken off the air.”
Pepper gives him a sympathetic look. Tony just turns away. He knows that with her memory going, Aunt Peggy needs to be moved somewhere people can look after her. And he knows that Uncle Grant is getting too old to do that job. And he knows that this facility is more like a retirement community than a nursing home, but he still feels bad. There’s more that he could be doing, he just knows it, no matter what Uncle Grant says.
To his surprise, however, Tony shook his head and jerked his head toward the parking lot. “I’m back here.”
,” she says, “you fake needing to go to the bathroom and while you are gone, I will come up with something to get me out of here. Then you will have Tony all to yourself and you are going to woo him because so help me, I cannot listen to that man pining over your ass a moment longer.”
He recognized that name—Focus on the Family. Not just because of their prevalence in media and their conservative views, but because they paid for ad space on the station—a lot of it. Sometimes, it felt like every other ad was for Focus on the Family, whether that was their website, their podcast, or any of the other “services” they offered. He knew that the organization had always had a problem with
, Steve relaxed a little bit. Surely, if things were as bad as Rumlow claimed, it would have been brought up during the meeting. Surely Pierce wouldn’t just let them dangle.
Steve turns to see Tony looking between the two of them flatly. “Hi,” he gasps out, still feeling a little choked by the nearly overwhelming scent of roses.
He exchanged a worried look with Tony, wondering if there was a way to verify—without Rumlow knowing—if Focus on the Family had in fact given Pierce an ultimatum, but before he could lean over and say something, Pierce swept in, smiling as broadly as he always did. And as the meeting progressed without any mention of Focus on the Family or
Concerned, Steve silently slips toward the front door, grabbing a gun (Natasha’s insistence since he gave up the shield) from the coffee table as he goes. The knock comes again, followed by what sounds like a very weary Tony saying, “Steve, I know you’re in there. Just—just open the fucking door, would you?”
“Oh no, you’re too late for that,” Tony teases, eyes glittering brightly. “You already messed it up.”
Tony hums. “At a glance, yes. At least more reasonable than what Ross has been trying to bring to the table, and I think that’ll relieve the committee a bit. But I don’t know how much will manage to get passed. People get hung up on the craziest things sometimes, and I don’t want to promise you something I may not be able to keep. Have you thought about what you’ll do if these
Steve: Nonsense. Shut up and listen. So for our hypothetical example, maybe it’s your anniversary and you want to do something extra special so you decide to get her strawberries dipped in the most expensive chocolate in the world and also a giant bunny, because nothing says “romance” like a giant bunny, apparently—
“Hmm,” Tony hummed, but he didn’t look convinced. Steve flashed him a quick smile, as reassuring as he could make it when he was so discombobulated, and took off in search of Dodger again. Hopefully, he hadn’t gotten into Tony’s lingerie drawer. They might have just gotten the dog, but Tony would pitch a
“If you’re trying to make me guilty about—how did you put it?—breaking up the Avengers,” Tony begins.
“I’ll take over from here,” he tells him. “You go call Sam. He said to call him back when you got a chance, something about how the shield is balanced, I think.”
“I just want to work,” Tony says. He turns to face him, and Steve realizes that Tony’s been holding back tears this whole time, tears that are starting to spill over. Without even thinking about it, Steve strides across the store and pulls Tony into his arms. He croons softly, wordlessly, telling Tony as best as he can that he’s there for him.
Beside him, Tony has fallen out of his chair, laughing so hard he can barely breathe. Steve glowers at him as he sinks lower in his seat so that no one realizes they’re there. They haven’t been noticed for the whole show, but with his luck, someone would now.
fire, instead of fearing it. It’s when fire is used for more than just destruction, and it’s easier for Tony to cool down. His temper flares so quickly in the hotter months, which means he heats up, which means he catches fire more easily, and that fire spreads. But during the winter, when there’s a blanket of snow covering the ground, he can just jump headfirst into a snowbank to extinguish his flame.
Steve: And if you do sit down with them and talk it out, but they’re still getting mad at you, then it’s time to get out of there.
Tony sniffs, and though his nose scrunches up at the mention of food, he nods and holds his hand out. Steve pulls the bowl away.
“I was confused so I was hiding and I’m sorry about that. And, as for the clothes—” He turns that pretty shade of pink again. “—I wasn’t looking because I maybe wanted to look a little too much.”
But Steve wasn’t supposed to care. If Tony wanted to keep whatever had made him late a secret, then it wasn’t Steve’s job to worry about it.
“We’ve been working together for five years. If all else fails, maybe it’s time to think about moving on to other shows.”
“Edwin’s got this really nice watch, right?” Rhodey continues, grinning down at Tony as the boy settles deeper into his side. So maybe most people don’t realize how special Tony is when they meet him. That’s okay, because Rhodey’s there and he’ll make sure no one else ever hurts him again.
He smiled tightly at the grey-haired man waiting for him, biting back a grimace as he shook the man’s hand. He really was better with typewriters than people. “Sorry, hope I haven’t kept you long.”
Steve hesitated for a moment, looking at Tony’s still form, but he sighed eventually and left. He grabbed his wallet and phone from where he’d dropped them on the kitchen counter when he and Tony had stumbled through the front door earlier that evening, made sure the lights in the apartment were turned off, and left. The door closed with a soft
“You don’t have to ask after him,” Steve says quietly when it becomes clear that Tony isn’t going to continue. “I know—now—he hurt you.” It’s something he’s been thinking about since their last meeting, something he’s been going over and over in his head, and he’s still not entirely certain he’s got it. But he thinks about how he would feel if Rhodey had been the brainwashed one who killed his parents, and he thinks he might be close to understanding. Whether Bucky had meant to or not, Howard and Maria Stark are still dead, and it was Bucky’s hands that killed them.
This new team of his, despite separating after New York (and despite Tony’s offer to redesign the Tower into a home for all of them), have apparently decided that they want to be a team again now that Tony has given his home address to a terrorist. Bruce has been staying there all along, but apparently, the two spies just showed up one day a few days after Tony’s surgery while he was still in the hospital recovering, and Steve was close behind them. And, hey, if they’re all staying at the Tower, then Tony wants to be there too—not least because he no longer has a home in Malibu—so as soon as he’d recovered, he’d made the move to New York.
Right. None of that happened. They were all dreams, no matter how real they felt in the moment. What was real was Westview, his neighbors—Wanda and Vision and Agnes and Herb—his husband.
Steve takes another moment to be excited about the prospect of seeing Tony again before he pulls out his phone, tucking it against his ear as he starts putting away the ropes. Tony’s up for this again, up to see
“Oh good,” Tony says casually as he catches sight of Steve. “You’re here, you can start putting together a salad.”
“Watch me,” Tony grumbles, but he turns off the computer and agrees to join Uncle Grant and Aunt Peggy for a movie. He’s glad they decided to stick around the mansion with him for the summer instead of jetting off to Paris with his parents. Tony doesn’t mind when his parents decide to take off for a romantic getaway—they love him, he knows this, but he also knows he can be a lot—but rattling around the mansion by himself for almost a month can get kind of lonely. He’s excited for the fall when he goes off to MIT. Hard to feel lonely on a campus with thousands of other people, right?
That argument on the helicarrier was pretty rough. And it’s not like either of them has apologized about it. They’ve just kind of awkwardly ignored it and moved on with their lives. Sometimes, it makes him wonder if Steve really did mean everything that he said, even though Tony hadn’t.
Tony looked at him oddly. “…Yes?” he said slowly, brow creased as though he was trying to puzzle something out. “Why do you care?”
Tony smiles at him, a real, genuine smile, not a smirk or a grimace or the melancholic one that he’s seen since the fight in Germany. The sight makes Steve’s heart ache. He’s missed that smile. He’s missed
Howard smiles at him, but it’s a sad smile. He’s more than familiar with sad smiles: his mom and Aunt Peggy and Uncle Grant all give him the same one. “I’m sure we will, kiddo,” Howard tells him, reaching down to ruffle his hair.
Tony shrugs. “Spent a few years there, learned to pick up on the accents so the cabbies would stop yelling at me for mistaking their borough.”
Days pass without word from Tony, though Steve leaves him several messages on the flip phone. He’s worried, of course he is, but he also understands that he really angered Tony with his words in Wakanda. He can back off if that’s what Tony needs from him right now.
Steve presses play on the next message. “Hi Steve, it’s Tony. Just wanted to apologize for that last message—I think I called you Tony? And that’s not your name!” Tony awkwardly laughs. “You can just delete that message—voicemail? Sorry, um, I just wanted to give you some background information about my—
He’s asleep before Jarvis manages to get more than a few sentences into the story, which is good, because Jarvis doesn’t have Maria’s talent for making up stories on the spot. He’s much better with the old fairytales. But he’d do anything for this boy, even try to come up with a new bedtime story.
“I’ll be honest with you guys. I want you back,” Tony says bluntly. “All of you. Not just Steve, but you too, Sam, and Nat and even Wanda. Thanos might be gone, but there are other threats out there. We’re gonna need the whole team.”
“I’m still sorry,” Tony continues. “I crossed way over the line, so thank you for stopping me before I kil—before I did something I would have regretted. I shouldn’t have let my anger get the better of me. The therapist Pepper insists I see says I’ve got some unaddressed anger issues about this whole mess.”
Tony smiles tightly, though it looks like more of a grimace and opens his mouth to say something. He almost immediately shuts it again, and Steve can’t help but wonder what he was going to say. Would it be about it being the team’s own fault they can’t see him? They’ve already had that conversation. Would it be about being unable to follow Steve and the others into exile? Because it’s true, and Steve can’t believe he didn’t see it before—the public face of SI would never have been able to go against the Accords so publicly. He would have always had to work within the system.
he wants, just that he’s still thinking about Tony alone in that compound, in that situation that Steve has put him in, and his heart hurts.
He ducks underneath one of the pipes and rounds a corner to find Tony sitting on a bench, carefully chipping at a speck of stardust on the benchtop in front of him. Tony once told him that it only takes a miniscule amount of stardust to power the ship for an entire week, which is good because stardust is difficult to mine. Tony’s goggles are perched on top of his nose, giving him an owlish appearance. Steve finds it adorable, but he waits until Tony is done with the chisel before walking over to drop a kiss on top of his hair.
He doesn’t know when Tony goes back to his potions but they settle into a comfortable silence, Steve drawing and Tony humming along to the music as he adds ingredients to the cauldrons. It’s nice, Steve thinks to himself. He can picture them doing this five—ten—fifty years into the future, him and Tony, business partners and friends for life.
“Sorry, I shouldn’t have sprung that on you,” he adds hastily. “Please, come in. I wanted to talk to you.”
Tony didn’t like Halloween, which was something he’d thought all his life though something about it rang false. He didn’t understand the point of the holiday and he didn’t like scary movies and having to deal with hyperactive kids running around screaming all night was not his idea of a good time, especially not when he had to contribute to the problem by giving them candy every couple of minutes. Seriously, how was he supposed to get anything else done if he was having to run to the front door every time it went off. Couldn’t the kids coordinate so that they came up in groups every twenty minutes or so? Steve, on the other hand, loved both Halloween and the bright smiles that lit up the kids’ faces when they realized their house stocked full-size candy bars. He, unlike Tony, had gone all out with his costume, complete with an actual light up lightsaber that made cool sounds when he swished it through the air. Tony had bought it for him.
Tony stops spraying down the flowers and looks at him with a slightly sad smile. “You don’t have to do that,” he says.
He remembers meeting Tony for the first time in college six years ago and finding him again after the Snap, moving into Steve’s childhood home in Westview together, not because—because they were dating, but because they needed a friend after half the world disappeared. He remembers driving Tony to New York for Howard’s funeral only a few weeks ago, Tony’s anger and grief at his father, the hero of the universe who’d sacrificed himself so Captain America could defeat Thanos, spilling out into hands shaking too badly to drive himself. He remembers realizing he was in love two years ago and how he’d never done anything about that because Tony would never love
“No, you’re not,” he agrees, sliding one hand down Tony’s chest and past the end of the buttons to wrap around Tony’s sizeable cock. It’s hard enough to pound nails and dripping pre-come, belying Tony’s complaints. He strokes it twice, spreading pre-come down the sides. For a brief moment, he thinks about opening himself up and getting that thick cock inside him as Tony writhes from the ice. But that would mean having to take that romper off and Steve loves the sight of it too much to do that.
Knowing Howard, he only ever tells stories about Steve’s heroic deeds, forgetting that Steve was just as human as everyone else and hammering it into Tony that Steve is a figure he’ll never be able to live up to. She doesn’t want to do that. Steve is someone that Tony should love for himself, not for being the hero of the war.
you wearing a shower cap?” Steve interrupts. Up until this point, he’d just thought Tony was wearing an odd hat, one of his many interesting sartorial choices, but now that Natasha has pointed it out, he doesn’t know how he missed it.
He wraps up his phone call with Pepper and heads into Morgan’s bedroom, where Steve has apparently given up on their daughter’s bath and is now trying to wrestle her into pajamas. Steve shoots him a desperate look as he walks in. Tony nods back with a reassurance he doesn’t feel, places a hand on Steve’s shoulder, and leans in to kiss his cheek.
“He really stuck his neck out to get these amendments passed. My sources say he owes more than a few favors now and a favor from Tony Stark isn’t something to be taken lightly.”
Steve isn’t surprised by that statement at all. Tony has a tendency to find other likeminded people and befriend them now that he’s not as self-absorbed as he once was. Steve has been following the articles about the new team Tony has been putting together: not just superheroes, but scientists and engineers and physicists all together. It’s a big change from when Steve was running the team and the Compound was peopled with ex-SHIELD agents.
He said he was going to stop thinking about that and he is. He just needs something to do. Like going through the checklist he’d prepared earlier in the month to make sure they would be Opening Day Ready.
it, and if he could get past it, he just knew he’d be able to figure out what had felt so wrong about Agnes and Wanda.
Tony was a night owl, Steve was an early bird. Steve kept everything neat and orderly, Tony didn’t understand why the floor couldn’t function as a second closet. Tony wanted to have people over every single weekend, Steve just wanted to study. In their first month of living together, they’d racked up combined seventy-three complaints about each other and the RA was at their wits’ end. Steve had been ready to put in a request to change roommates; fuck, he would have paid
“Got it,” Steve interrupts. So it’s exactly as he thought earlier: there’s a lot more going on between Tony and his father than what meets the eye. His phone buzzes again and this time, he pulls it out of his pocket to see that he’s missed two calls from the same unfamiliar number.
Steve fought back a wince. He and Tony hadn’t chosen this topic. Every couple of months, Pierce came to them with a list of topics he wanted them to cover at some point during the quarter, and this was one of them. Both of them had pushed it off as long as they could, neither one wanting to relive their explosive breakup, but they’d apparently pushed it off as long as they could since Pierce had brought it up at the last staff meeting.
“Still,” he says. “I shouldn’t have been rude. My Ma would wash my mouth out with soap.” Tony laughs and Steve grins back at him. “Anyway, yeah, I’m an experienced Dom, and what I was gonna say before we got sidetracked is that I know it’s not a ‘real’ scene but I drew up a modified contract for you anyway.”
“Of course not!” Steve says immediately, appalled by the suggestion. “They wanted to rejoin their families, I don’t fault them for that.”
“You know,” Clint says, “you don’t have to help him out if you don’t want to. Tony means well but that doesn’t mean he can’t be abrasive sometimes.”
something but he’d been planning on saving it for the one-year anniversary of the store opening. Still, he thinks Tony might appreciate it now too.
He was worried he’d have to physically carry Tony out of the room, but Tony just slumped and followed him, nearly collapsing against the wall once the door was closed.
—and returned his attention to the meeting. He didn’t need to pay attention—as one of the biggest shows on the station,
It’s something about the dried nightshade, isn’t it? No, that can’t be right. There’s nothing wrong with the nightshade. Steve blinks into the darkness of his bedroom. Maybe if he goes into the store himself, it’ll help him remember the checklist. And maybe, if he checks on everything, he’ll be able to relax enough that he can fall asleep and at least catch a few hours before he has to get up tomorrow to open the store.
“Chatty woman, isn’t she?” Sam observes wryly, joining Steve as they walk down as well. Steve stifles a laugh as he realizes that T’Challa is waiting for them with a worried expression on his face.
… well, Pierce might listen. Steve didn’t want to think that Pierce would bow to their whims, not with the show as popular as it was, but Pierce had cancelled shows in the past because of a lack of financial support, and without talking to him, he just didn’t know what would happen.
Steve is looking him in the eyes, the only time he’s ever done so while Tony was naked. He doesn’t even insist on Tony magicking up his clothes, though Tony does anyway. He likes it when Steve is looking at him. He doesn’t want Steve to look away just because he doesn’t want to wear the clothes.
Tony rests his head against Steve’s shoulder, making small snuffling sounds against his neck. Steve pets his hair and kisses his nose again and asks him if he’d like to hear a story. Tony nods.
“This is fine,” Steve said softly, sliding his hand up Tony’s back to his neck to pull him back in. Tony’s breath hitched, and he tucked his face against Steve’s neck again, biting him the way Steve liked. “I want to ride you.” He paused, wondering if Tony really meant that he’d let Steve call the shots. “And I don’t want you to touch me while I do.”
“Yes,” Tony said again slowly, thinking about it. The song was slipping from his memory even as they talked about it. “Only… it wasn’t like any television song I remember.”
“I just want last night to have never happened,” Tony manages to say. “I know it was the right decision but he makes me feel—
“I’m coming home,” Steve says again, the words growing stronger as he lets himself believe them. “You, T’Challa, the two of us together, we remade the Accords into something that protects us as well as the people we protect. Sam’s still not too sure about it, but T’Challa’s working on getting him approval for a trial period so he can figure out if he’s comfortable signing or if he wants to go home to DC. That’ll take some time, so I’m not coming back immediately, but I’m ready to sign.”
“Steve?” he called into the dark room. It must have still been early. He was rarely up at that hour, but he knew his husband was. Steve rose with the dawn most days, eager and willing to face the day with a brisk run through the neighborhood. If he’d managed to time it correctly, Steve would still be in the kitchen with a cup of coffee and would hear him shouting for him.
It’s the most hesitant Steve has seen him since the first time they talked after Siberia, but at least Tony is agreeing. Tony drops off his bag in one of the bedrooms, which heartens him a little bit. It means that Tony is staying the night, right? He busies himself preparing a small snack of cheese and crackers—Tony has to be hungry from his long flight—and pours two glasses of water before carefully balancing all of it on a tray and carrying them out to the living room. Tony joins him a few minutes later, accepting his plate and glass with a small nod.
Bucky said it anyway: “Steve, you really need to think about if continuing to hurt yourself like this—hurt
“Okay, your business degree?” Janet says. “Doesn’t count. You got two other degrees at the same time.”
He can see the way Tony hesitates for just a second before tucking that soft smile away, and he immediately regrets his words. But it’s too late, Tony is already putting the frame down and saying, “Well, thank gods for that, I was just thinking this frame is a little too modern for the store.”
She doesn’t really know what she expected out of Howard. Her husband isn’t one to admit when he doesn’t know something. He’s far more likely to avoid it until the situation resolves itself—or pass it off to Obadiah. But a baby isn’t something that can be passed off to his godfather, however much she might like to when Tony keeps her up most of yet another night.
He goes to the café for lunch—most of the food may be questionable but he actually kind of enjoys the tuna melt—with Tony still on his mind. It’s just that, he doesn’t really think Tony is as disorganized as he’d seemed during their meeting. He’d noticed from the beginning that Tony was hiding his nervousness under that haughty demeanor and he’s sure that he might have fumbled too if he’d been put on the spot like that.
Tony frowned, fingers drumming on the armrest of his chair. “The one whose coworker was claiming that she was cheating on her husband, but she refused to tell him that she
And now for a time skip! To a nebulous post-IM3 world. Anyway, does technology work like this? Nope! Is that gonna stop me? Also nope!
“I forgot to call the florists,” he complained. His fingers fumbled on the buttons of his shirt. Steve sighed and abandoned knotting his tie to cross the room to help Tony with the buttons.
“So, Steve, tell me, what brings you all this way from across the street?” Tony asks nonchalantly. This is more familiar territory for him. This is just Tony teasing him, and he can handle that.
“What can I say? I’ve got a thing for blonds, I suppose.” Tony sauntered past him, slapping his ass as he passed. “Come down when you get changed. I’ll make some popcorn.”
“You should be.” He fiddles with the toy on Pepper’s desk again—it kind of looks like a windmill, he observes dispassionately, if a windmill had two blades and moved in every direction instead of one. “Hey, I’m taking the jet to DC tonight. I wanna help get Aunt Peggy settled in her new place.”
“Definitely goes after a lot of goats three times his size. Reminds me of someone else I know. He sounds a little bit more endearing than the person I know though.”
fingers were sure and swift. Tony had a brief thought about what else Steve could do with those fingers—starting with
There are an untold number of Steve Rogerses currently alive in Europe (Tony doesn’t know how many exactly because Pepper pitched a fit when she found out he was trying to hack the census data from various European countries). So he’s doing it the slow way instead: still hacking the census date, but using library computers to do it instead.
“Not like what you’re thinking,” Steve assures him. “If you get the grant money, you can afford to start paying me.”
Steve throws him a glance over his shoulder. “Champagne on an empty stomach? Sweetheart, I’d like to keep you sober for the things I’m going to do to you tonight.”
“Oh, Steve, darling.” Tony pats his arm condescendingly. “It’s cute that you think that would work.”
“It’s not like we know how much support Pierce gets from them,” Steve said. “Maybe they donate a lot.” He didn’t like to think about that. In radio, hosts couldn’t always be choosy about the stations they worked for and the values those stations promoted. When he’d left his last job to come to Hydra Programming, he hadn’t been famous enough to join a more liberal station and he’d been leaving one far more conservative than Hydra, but it still left a slimy feeling in his stomach to know that Pierce received so much support from conservative groups. “Maybe if he loses their support, he won’t be able to keep the station running.”
And Steve had—god, he hadn’t listened at all, had he? He’d been so caught up with Peggy and Bucky and the other supersoldiers that he’d completely ignored all of Tony’s overtures. No wonder Tony was so quick to bring up the possibility of amendments. He’d thought Steve had objected to everything instead of having other things on his mind. And he
He breaks off, shuddering. Steve looks at him, at the way he’s huddled in on himself, and decides that what he’s doing isn’t good enough. He gets up and moves to the couch, to sit next to Tony and tuck him against his side. Tony makes a small, choked-off noise and rests his head on Steve’s shoulder. Steve tries hard not to think about how
He gave a forlorn look to the empty spot on his coaster next to his computer where his coffee normally sat. He just didn’t get it.
in the store. Steve always started their grocery shopping trip with a list of things that they needed, determined he would stand firm that time, and somehow, they always ended up leaving with two carts. When he could, he’d do the grocery shopping while Tony was at the office since Steve worked from home, but he hadn’t been kidding about needing fruit. They’d been out for several days, too busy to go out to get more, and Steve was tired of grabbing carrots for a snack.
He laughed. “What does it matter? We’re just lowly analysts. We don’t send it off anywhere, just to Mr. Hart. He oversees the company. Very strict, you’ll have to keep an eye out for that when you have dinner with him. Do you know when that is, by the way?”
Tony, eyes only for Steve. He’s smiling and, as Steve watches, gives him a little wave, small enough that it wouldn’t be noticed by the press. Steve thinks about the question he asked himself so long ago: who’s there with Tony? And finally, he has an answer: he is, for as long as Tony will have him.
Thanks for sticking with this incredibly niche story that literally only one person asked for! I've loved all your comments so much <3 I'm going to be taking about a two month break from this story to work on a few other fics, but I'll be back in late October/early November to fix everything I broke at the end of this fic
him be interested in her, just when he’s slowly starting to figure out why he and—why he’s never really been attracted to women, makes him uneasy.
“Hey, Steve?” Tony asked, his voice loud in the otherwise quiet room. Steve bit back a wince. He really thought they were past Tony asking him to stay.
PLEASE READ - just as a quick note before you go any further, there's a part that could be taken as very mildly dubious consent: Janet is part-succubus and inadvertently uses her powers on Steve when they first meet. Nothing physical happens and all Steve does is seem more interested in her than he normally would be, so I've chosen not to tag for that, but I just wanted to give you all a warning for anyone who might be uncomfortable (and if you feel like it's something that I should tag, please let me know in the comments)
“What?” Tony asked confusedly. Finally, he looked up, eyes lust-dark. It took him a moment to realize what Steve was asking, but then the furrow between his brows disappeared and he exhaled. “No, darling, this has nothing to do with that. I just thought it might be nice to switch things up a bit.”
“What?” he asks, slightly defensively. Not everyone has understood his relationship with the bots after all.
He isn’t surprised when first Scott and then, a few days later, Clint come back with signed copies of the Accords, ready to go home. He takes both copies and calls up T’Challa to let him know.
He watched as Tony’s face closed off as soon as he mentioned one of his other—well, he hated the term
As Thor leaves, Tony turns to him. Steve thinks it’ll be about his birthday but instead Tony says abruptly, “Isn’t Jane’s birthday in two weeks?”
“What does it look like?” Tony replied impatiently. He nudged Steve’s nose with the cup. Automatically, Steve reached up to grab it. Tony gave a relieved sigh and moved around the table, dropping heavily into his seat. He pulled the headphones on and gave a thumbs up to Ward in the booth. “Testing, testing, one, two, three. Thanks, Grant. Sorry for running late. It’s a cup of coffee, Steve. You’ve had a hard week and I was at Angie’s anyway, so I thought it’d be nice if I picked up something for you as well.”
“I wasn’t ready to get married!” Tony shouted, all remorse that might have been in his voice when he picked up the phone gone now. “I was twenty-two, Steve! I’d just realized that I’d fucked up about that job—trust me, I knew it was a mistake as soon as I accepted that offer, but you wouldn’t let me apologize. You were so caught up on that stupid proposal, you refused to see any other option!”
“Nothing,” Steve says quickly. “Just—” He smiles, one side of his mouth quirking up. It makes him look soft, and Tony’s heart flutters. “I think it’s sweet that you told him a bedtime story.”
He plugs DUM-E into the computer and starts the shutdown sequence. “Okay, so a long time ago, there was this big war, right? And there was this guy. His name was Steve Rogers and he was Captain America, or he was, but he couldn’t be yet cause he was this little guy, kinda like me, and everybody underestimated him, kinda like you, huh, DUM-E?”
“You want to keep doing this?” Steve asked. It’s not that he was adverse; it was just that—well, he didn’t see why Tony would want to when he knew that there was no future in it. They were never going to get back together, which Steve had gathered was the main reason Tony had been okay with their arrangement for as long as he was.
“I don’t mind,” Steve says truthfully. Everyone else on this ship seems to dance around his non-cybernetic enhancements—and around the fact that he’d been frozen in the ice caps, now stretching as far south as Florida, for three hundred years—but Tony never once seemed to care. He’s thrilled about Steve’s enhancements—no one else on the ship is quite as strong as Steve is, not since Thor joined the crew of the
He gives Steve a filthy wink, making Steve grin. He can always count on Tony to lighten the mood. “Down, boy,” he says teasingly. “Nothing like that. I just wanted to give you my list of amendments.”
That evening found the two of them at home with their two new pets, a little brown and white puppy and a grey kitten that had grown up together. Tony hadn’t been able to bear separating them, and Steve hadn’t been able to bear disappointing Tony, so they’d gone home with both. Besides, the dog had very obviously latched onto Steve (named Dodger, of course) and the cat (affectionately named Dummy for the not one, not two, but
“Wanda would probably like nothing more than to be able to go home. I know her visits with Vision have been draining. She’s tired of having to keep them secret.”
“Howard called him. You know how he’s been dying to get out of this town. He said they’re going to talk business, but I know Justin. He’s going to steal Howard’s idea and leave him here and tell everyone that Howard’s a washed-up has-been.”
“Now, I know all about your reputation,” Pierce had chuckled, wagging his finger at Steve. “You’ll be taking the role of Mr. Right Now, of course.”
“That’s because they’re all back in Europe. And it’s not like we’re all that close to her, not like Agnes or—or—um—who was that other person who was hanging around Wanda a while back?”
“No, spend some time outside of talking about the Accords. We were good at this once, weren’t we?” Tony’s Bambi eyes are big and wide and Steve doesn’t even bother to fight against their pull.
He winces. “You saw that?” He really hadn’t meant to get mixed up with Ty Stone again, but Ty was funny and tempting and Tony hadn’t never been able to say no to him.
“Pretty much.” He glances at where Tony has hung the business license behind the counter. It had stayed on the counter all day yesterday, which means that Tony must have hung it up either after he left last night or before he got here this morning. It’s still in the silver frame Steve picked out for it, and that—he doesn’t know exactly how he feels about that but he likes this feeling. It’s a feeling he’s coming to associate with Tony and—and he likes it. “In the interest of our new partnership, I should probably come clean about something: the frame didn’t come with the license. I picked it out.”
He starts the shut-down procedure as he begins, “Once upon a time, there were three robots named U, DUM-E, and Butterfingers. They worked for a mechanic named Tony, who loved them very much.”
“Hey, Steve?” Tony calls from the kitchen as Steve steps through the door. They’re in an Italian villa this time, owned by Tony’s mother at one point and still maintained by a small group of groundspeople though Tony himself rarely visits. “I was thinking—”
“Mmhmm. Only a few things that could be. Probably need to tell the One-Eyed Pirate though that we have to stop on Xandar instead of Knowhere. I don’t think Fujikawa will have what I need. Steve, don’t let me forget to tell Fury the course change.”
“Jim Rhodes,” she’d told him. “You two boys better stick together. You’re gonna need each other, being as young as you are.”
So yeah, Steve had incontrovertible proof that Tony wasn’t interested in getting back together. Bucky was wrong.
Steve already changed out the expensive sheets earlier that day for cheap cotton ones, a little scratchier than either of them would prefer, but at least it won’t matter that they’re both soaked with sweat, hair plastered to their foreheads. He places the bowl of ice on the nightstand and returns to where Tony is standing in the middle of the room. He’s taken off of his socks and shoes, Steve sees, and popped open the button on his pants, but that’s it, which means it’s up to Steve to kneel in front of his husband and slowly slide his pants over his hips and down his legs. The romper’s shorts stop just below his ass, and Steve doesn’t even bother resisting sliding his hands under the romper to palm Tony’s ass as Tony steps out of his pants and kicks them aside.
music,” Tony insisted. They’d had this argument before and they’d have it again. Steve was pretty sure they kept having it because it was fun and the makeup sex for such a petty and unimportant argument was always fantastic.
Steve stares at him for a moment before saying, “Sure.” He looks down at the currently empty form and back up at Tony. “Battin’ a thousand here, Tony,” he teases.
Tony: I think both of us have the same question for you. Have you talked about this with your husband?
He’s not sure what possessed him to sign up for Dr. Carter’s Erotica in Art class—Clint’s nonstop teasing, maybe, that Steve’s art, while good, is too wholesome—but he had and now he’s coming up on his final project and he hasn’t been able to find a model because apparently, all the models in the department have
Tony couldn’t stop staring at the boys as they passed by, a deep frown creasing his face. Wanda started to wave at them, only to stop when she saw the look on Tony’s face. Her hand hesitantly lowered as she looked warily back at them. Steve elbowed Tony’s side.
Steve’s breath leaves him in a whoosh. It’s only now that he realizes how much this has been weighing on him, how much the thought that Tony might not believe him, might think he’s a liar, has hurt.
Fortunately, Luis gives him more than enough excuses to wait on calling Tony. First there’s Clint’s garage, which is up for its license renewal, but when he stops by the garage, Clint is unable to give him any of the information from the last renewal so he has to track down all that paperwork, and that takes a whole day. And then Luis decides he’s going to offer pet grooming services and doesn’t want to fill out the paperwork himself so that falls to Steve. And before he knows it, another three days have passed and Tony’s license is still sitting on his desk.
For those of you who have been absolutely lovely in your comments, thank you! Your comments have been delightful to read and really lifted my spirits over the last few weeks 💙
“There’s more,” Tony says grimly. “Thor was concerned about Infinity Stones, right? Turns out he’s not the only one who’s looking for them. He calls this guy the Mad Titan, also known as Thanos. He’s trying to collect all of the Infinity Stones so he can wipe out half of all life. And it doesn’t get any better from there, because he apparently started with one Infinity Stone only to lose it almost five years ago.”
Rhodey, glancing over his shoulder, chuckles. “That’s Tony. You’ll probably want to pick up before you give him a panic attack or something. That boy is way too high-strung for his own good.”
live under a rock—he doesn’t have the money for a StarkPhone or one of those fancy drawing tablets they released last year—but even he knows about MIT’s golden boy. Kinda hard not to hear about him when they both live in Boston.
“I would have told you,” Steve says again. He has to believe it’s true, has to believe that he would have done the right thing if he’d known the full truth and said something, that he isn’t the ass who kept this quiet to benefit himself.
Tony pauses in the doorway, looking back at him with a hopeful expression. “What are you having?” he asks, shifting from one foot to the other.
indoor sprinklers, but that was the only explanation that made sense. How else was he supposed to explain it, magic? Later, he would make terrible jokes about the two of them being so damn hot that it just started raining to cool them off, and his jokes would make Steve shake his head fondly before he dragged him up to bed. Later, he would actually rationalize it raining inside the house in a way that made
Tony’s eyes are starting to widen again, breath coming a little shallower, and that’s exactly what Steve doesn’t want, so he reaches across the counter and takes Tony’s hands in his. “It’s okay,” he says soothingly. “I already talked to Carol. If we run out, she’ll bring some platters.”
Steve thought about it, then said, “Well…” His hand slid from Tony’s hip to his ass, squeezing gently. Tony’s breath hitched. He slid his leg up to Steve’s waist, using it to pull Steve half on top of him. “What do you think, sweetheart? Haven’t gotten to do this in a while.”
By the time they’re finished, it’s gotten dark outside and Steve has taken more than two hundred photos. He’ll be more than busy going through all of them over the next week to select the best twenty for his final project. He finishes rubbing ointment into Tony’s wrists and helps him stand, passing him his clothes.
Tony curled up beside him on the couch, breaths coming shallow as they watched the wall bear down on them. Somewhere in the house, Dodger was whining. Steve remembered what he’d read about animals knowing when something was wrong, and he wondered if Dodger knew that something had happened.
“Hey,” Steve says softly. “You liked it first. It’s a good name, a good idea. Don’t let him take that away from you.” Tony’s tiny smile grows just a little bit more. And then, because he’s apparently incapable of not ruining the moment, Steve adds, “So I’ll call you when I hear something. And if I can’t reach you, I’ll just leave a message.”
Before he can steel himself, the door swings open and Tony leans up against the doorjamb. “You gonna stand out there all night?” Tony asks him. “Don’t get me wrong, you’re more than welcome to but the forecast is calling for a storm tonight. Wouldn’t want you to freeze to death. Again.”
Tony grins at the phone. Rapidly approaching his forties and still treated like a—what had Uncle Grant called him that one time? Oh, right—a young whippersnapper by his uncle. “I miss you guys.”
He does know a few things about Tony, not much and all of it could be a lie, but he knows that Tony attends MIT and that he’s working on his second PhD, so he’s expecting, when his doorbell buzzes, that Tony will be a few years older than Steve, who’s working on a PhD of his own, though it’s only his first. He’s not expecting, when he opens the door, the—the
prepared for an interview—it had been one of the biggest fights he and Tony had ever had, including the explosive arguments during the final days of their relationship, and he’d never made that mistake since.
“For what?” Tony gaped at him. “Oh! For the glass. I must have forgotten. Of course, you get that broom and I’ll finish up here.”
“Would you like to hear a Captain America story?” she asks, unfamiliar as she is with most other common bedtime stories.
“Won’t say no to that offer,” Clint says, climbing to his feet. He pauses in the door and looks back at Steve. “I miss them too.”
idea what I went through after you left? How heartbroken I was? And now you want to get back together like nothing ever happened?”
Dummy was proving herself to be quite the little lap cat, currently curled up in Tony’s lap and purring like mad. Dodger, on the other hand, was far more active. He was leading Steve on a merry chase around their house, barking away. They’d definitely have to work on obedience training with him if they didn’t want to get complaints about the noise levels (although if Agnes was the one who complained, Steve would tell her she didn’t have room to complain, considering the sheer amount of noise that emanated from her house during the night—really, who needed to watch horror movies at two in the morning?).
“I bet you did,” Tony replied. His husband would have been a Boy Scout if not for the fact that he kept picking fights with the bullies at school.
He curls up on a large, sun-drenched rock just outside of the human village and stares unblinking at where Steve is talking with the humans’ leader. The urge to take a nap and soak up the sun is almost overwhelmingly tempting, but he fights the impulse. He sees Steve so rarely these days; it’s more important that he watches him now instead of taking a nap.
“Yeah. He, uh, I guess Howard had put his whole business plan on a USB and Justin took it. Said he was going to present it to his board in two days. Howard thought he was going to go with him back to New York for the presentation, but it’s only Justin.”
Steve: Anyway, so you make this grand gesture, except you forget that she’s allergic to strawberries. And the chocolates have to be eaten within a week in order to be good, except they arrived a month before your anniversary. And as for the giant bunny? Well, that’s just plain weird.
“Relax Tony,” Steve says. “For one thing, Natasha knows you’re with me. If I was going to murder you, I’d pick less suspicious circumstances.”
Tony nodded. “I dreamed that we went to bed last night in separate beds, even though we were in the same room. But that’s just silly, isn’t it?”
“It has to be, though,” Steve argued, despite privately agreeing with Tony. “It doesn’t make any sense otherwise. Why would Pierce let us find out our show’s getting cancelled through a
“It’s fine,” Natasha says, shaking the hand he offers. Her grip is surprisingly strong for someone so tiny. “What would you have gotten me if you’d known I was coming?”
“Better not let Tony hear that,” Steve replies, laughing as well. He’s heard plenty of stories from the king about his sister’s thirst for improvement. He just hadn’t realized it would spill over to them and not just her brother and country’s equipment.
Steve was fine with that. He didn’t want their house to turn into a museum either. He just sometimes wished Tony had a little more pride in how their home looked. So maybe they didn’t have people over very often and they weren’t trying to impress anyone. It was still a point of pride.
“It’s clean,” Steve informs him. He’d made sure to do a thorough cleaning right after arriving, knowing how much Tony appreciates a clean house. He grabs two mugs—old novelty Avengers mugs that Clint had found at a garage sale—out of the cupboard and pours some of the coffee he’s kept heating into them. He adds cream and sugar the way they like and hands one mug, the black and red one for Natasha, to Tony as Steve sits down at the kitchen table.
“I was just calling to maybe talk about my business plan a little more?” Tony continues. “If you’re free, which obviously you aren’t, or else you would have picked up. So feel free to call me back when you get the chance and I can walk you through it. Au revoir.” And then, right before Tony hangs up, he mutters, “Au revoir. That’s something I just said to that person.”
Because, Steve suspects, underneath it all, Tony’s still a little boy who wants his father’s attention and love. “Because you’re a good person,” he offers instead.
a bad idea. He’d talked to Tony, the only person to answer the ad, over the phone and Tony had sounded young, but for all he knows, Tony is actually a fifty-year old serial killer that he gave his home address to because he couldn’t afford a hotel room. He’s thought multiple times over the last forty-eight hours about backing out and asking if one of his friends would model for him instead. Sure they’d make fun of him for it, but it’s still better than ending up dead. Except—except over the phone, Tony had sounded like he needed this too, and Steve has too much of a bleeding heart to drop someone who needs the money just because he’s uncomfortable.
“Tony, please calm down. We’ve only been open a week. We’re not going bankrupt,” Steve says calmly. He picks up one of the lavender satchels they keep at the register—some of their bestsellers strangely, considering most of their magic comes from the plant and not from any charm—and enchants it with a little extra calmness before passing it to Tony. Tony gives him an irritated look but tucks it inside his shirt.
“Don’ wanna,” Tony mumbles, but he doesn’t fight Steve when he crawls into bed behind Tony and props him up against his chest. Tony manages to eat a few bites and drinks the entire bottle of water before he pushes the bowl away, looking queasy. Steve doesn’t argue about it. It’s more than the toast he’d eaten earlier.
“I’m not going to call it a crush, that sounds like we’re in middle school.” He could only think of two other alternatives, and one of those was an uncomfortable L-word that Steve didn’t know if he could bear hearing from Tony, so he quickly said, “Are you sure you’re really comfortable with continuing this, knowing that I’m not going to return those?”
“At this hour? I mean, don’t get me wrong, I’m all for staying up late, but even I would turn away a visitor.”
Carol was kidnapped and brainwashed by an alien race called the Kree. They had this huge empire and when Carol found out about it, she said she was going to take them down. She’s been doing that ever since, helped broker a treaty between the Kree and another race called the Xandarians, and then she came across Thanos. Tracked him right to the Asgardian refugee ship headed for Earth and—”
No. Steve very definitely doesn’t have an ex like that and he doesn’t know anyone else who does either, expect apparently Tony. “No,” he says, “but I’m guessing that’s a common thing where you come from?”
Out of the corner of his eye, he thought he saw something flash red but when he looked, all he saw was the gray nightstand as always. His next thought was about his very productive day at work, and when he looked over at Steve again, his only thought was how right it felt, how it felt like they’d always known and loved each other.
“Maybe? I can’t promise that the UN will go for any of it, but.” He looks up and meets Steve’s eyes, his gaze softening to something fond and half-familiar from their brief time on the team together. “I’ll see what I can do.”
And sure enough, when Luis calls his name and Steve comes around the corner to get his first glimpse of Tony Stark, the first thought he has is,
There’s a silver frame sitting right beside it. Steve still hasn’t decided if he’s going to give the frame to Tony as well. Steve had gotten the frame on a whim after overhearing Rhodey and Natasha talking a few days ago about Tony finding out that his last business’s success had been a lie, that his parents had not only given him the startup money for the—Steve isn’t actually sure what Tony had done prior to this, something with magic and technology that had flown way over his head when he’d googled it—anyway, he’d gathered that the Starks had not only given Tony the startup money but also paid off every single one of his customers. Steve hasn’t ever had anyone do something like that to him, but he knows how it feels to feel like you’re not good enough to do something; his entire adolescence was like that. So he’d bought the frame because he thought it would be a nice reminder that this is something Tony’s doing all on his own, no help from anyone.
Tony: Yeah, okay, you really should talk to your husband about this. Think about how he feels with all of this going on. He’s got a coworker who is accusing his wife of cheating on him and his wife is just remaining silent instead of actually doing something to dispel the rumors or at least reassure him. You said this has been going on for a few months? By this point, I’d be more surprised if he didn’t think that you were cheating on him.
Steve is avoiding him. He spends all his time in the human village now, talking with Natasha and throwing worried looks Tony’s way when he thinks Tony isn’t looking. Tony is; he’s
, of all people? Steve isn’t the type of person that people like Tony Stark date. Tony should be dating fun people, people who know how to show him a good time, not placid, boring Steve, who only figured out he’s gay last week.
He barely even notices when DUM-E turns off, too busy with his coding and story to realize when DUM-E’s arm finally droops as the bot shuts down entirely. It isn’t until he asks DUM-E a question about what he thinks about Steve Rogers and DUM-E doesn’t respond that he realizes the bot’s turned off.
“Got a mind for these things.” She passes the order off to the cook, whose name Steve still hasn’t caught, and then asks, “How’s your morning going so far?”
Once he was out of the building, he pulled his phone out of his pocket and checked to see if there were any Uber drivers in the area. He’d been lying to Tony earlier—Tony was the only one of his partners who lived in this area, but mentioning one of the others was the fastest way to get Tony to drop the issue of Steve staying the night. Unfortunately, it looked like he was stuck with the subway tonight. He shoved his hands into his pockets and set off down the street toward the nearest station. Sure, he’d have to deal with the odd people on the subway and sure, he’d need to keep a close eye on his belongings, but it still beat going back upstairs and asking Tony if he could stay.
—but then the head popped inside like it belonged there. Tony moaned loudly—at the tightness, the heat, or the sensation, Steve didn’t know; for once, Tony wasn’t being talkative—and tossed his head back. Steve sank down a few more inches, forcing himself to take it.
Caller: I know this is an unhealthy relationship, but I don’t want to leave her. She makes me happy.
“It’s just a software update,” he says again. “It’s not even like I’m going to get rid of your personality, troublesome as it is. I’m just going to reconfigure your sensors so you stop running into Rhodey’s bed cause he threatened to throw you out if you tripped over him in the middle of the night again.” He chuckles as he remembers the expression on Rhodey’s face the last time he was woken up in the middle of the night by a four-hundred pound robot falling on top of him. “And don’t worry, it’s only for a few months before Mom talks Howard into moving me and Rhodey out of the dorms. You’ll have plenty of space then.”
that he thinks Captain America is his soulmate. It doesn’t make sense, for one thing. This Steve Rogers—if he is the original—has been in the ice for seventy years. He couldn’t possibly have met Tony when he was an infant.
“Okay.” She raises her hands in surrender. “I’m just saying, don’t wait too long to figure things out. I don’t want to see you lose this opportunity too.”
Grocery shopping with Tony was always an ordeal, not because he made it miserable, but because he always forgot to eat beforehand and he wanted
“Who said that? I’m gonna fight ‘em,” he declares, accent slipping just a little the way it always does when he’s riled up. “Shit, who thinks wantin’ to cuddle is a
Another one of those odd nervous laughs though Steve couldn’t figure out what Vision had to be nervous about. It wasn’t as though magic tricks were likely to get him into trouble with anyone, not unless he set Dottie’s hair on fire or something else disastrous. “Well, as much as
“Sweetheart,” Steve said in that longsuffering tone that meant he was asking himself why he’d ever married Tony. “Can you stop?”
“This is good,” he tells himself on a day when he’s got the safehouse to himself and therefore doesn’t need to worry about anyone overhearing him. “You’re learning to respect Tony’s thoughts.” Which is definitely something that he should have been thinking of all along, but Tony’s anger about Steve’s written apology got him thinking that he hasn’t been living up to those standards very often in the last few years. What happened to the standards he used to set for himself? How did he let those fall by the wayside after SHIELD fell?
“Really,” Bucky stated skeptically. “It’s so fine that you’ve been ignoring every text you got from him all weekend? So fine that you didn’t want to tell either of your best friends about it? So fine that you admitted Tony keeps trying to ask you to dinner, but you keep turning him down? Because that doesn’t sound fine to me, Steve. That sounds like denial.”
“Right,” Steve replies faintly, staring down at the huge grey cat glaring back at him. “Um, enthrall?”
“No,” Tony orders. “Stop. DUM-E, put that fire extinguisher down. I swear if you douse this dorm room in foam
“It is sweet. Thank you, Steve,” Tony agrees. He smiles softly, running his finger around the edges of the frame, and Steve suddenly
He gives Steve a significant look, who catches on almost immediately. “The Battle of New York,” he says. “Loki’s scepter.”
“Right you are, Capsicle, but I still stand by what I said,” Tony shoots back with a cheeky wink. He runs his hands over Steve’s biceps, making a low purring sound under his breath. Steve just barely manages to hear it over the sound of the engines, and it makes him smile.
“But sweetheart, think of all those delighted kids. They love the holiday, and you know how much I hate seeing them disappointed. Like last night—whatever made all that candy disappear probably ruined the holiday for the kids.” Steve was still steaming mad about that. What kind of selfish dick did that?
U’s personality—just like DUM-E’s, Butterfingers’, and JARVIS’—has a backup stored on an offsite computer at SI’s facility in Switzerland. Tony will need to fabricate another personality chip, but at least the coding he uploads onto it will be the same lovable, clumsy bot it’s always been. The problem is, he doesn’t know when he’s going to make it out to Switzerland.
, and he doesn’t know if he’s ready for that. He wants to be. He wants desperately to ask Tony out for dinner and hold his hand while they eat and kiss him when he drops him back off at the motel. But—
And Steve does. He doesn’t get the chance to see Tony again before he’s left the country, but Tony’s stinging accusations don’t leave his mind. It’s hard for them to when he knows that preparations for Thanos’ war are going on without him and it’s his fault. T’Challa keeps him looped in on the preparations, so that he knows what plans are being made (he suspects it’s so that Steve doesn’t have to play catchup in the event that he decides to sign before the war arrives), but he’s limited on the suggestions he can make.
And whatever Tony was doing now, while weird, didn’t mean that he wanted to get back together. He’d agreed three years ago when they started this whole thing that it was never going to be serious, and he’d never once said that he wanted more. He asked Steve to dinner because he wanted to be friends and when he wanted sex, he asked Steve out for drinks. He tried to get Steve to stay the night because he didn’t want him to get mugged on the way back to his apartment. He offered Steve a ride because he was a decent person. He didn’t like hearing about Steve’s other partners because—well, that was a little harder to explain, but Tony had always been possessive back when they were dating, not just of Steve, but of his friends too, like he’d thought that if Rhodey and Pepper were hanging out with other people, they wouldn’t want to be around him as much. So maybe it was just that he still felt that way, even though Steve wasn’t one of his people anymore.
thing? I like to cuddle. You wanna cuddle, that’s fine by me, Tony. It gets cold at this time of year. There’s nothin’ wrong with wantin’ to hold someone.”
“In my defense, JARVIS monitors the temperatures in the penthouse, and he’s more than capable of turning the A/C back on if it gets too hot.”
have the X-gene, if the reason the serum only worked on him and, to a lesser extent, Schmidt is because it unlocked the genetic potential in a dormant gene. Or maybe biology doesn’t work like that at all and he’s only trying to come up with an explanation that answers a question he’s had since the forties. It makes about as much sense as every other theory he’s come up with has.
“Look,” he says, cutting Tony’s rambles off, “these are all some really great buzzwords, and you seem pretty clear on what you
“Did Mom show you the coasters she got for the hotel?” he asks her. He pulls something out of his pocket, presumably one of the coasters, and passes it to her.
“Move, Rogers,” Brock Rumlow, one of the sound technicians, snapped, abruptly shaking him out of his thoughts. “Some of us have work to do.”
He waits to tell Tony until the next time they see each other. He could have texted him, but they’d already planned on meeting up after this visit to Wakanda, and besides, he doesn’t want to share this news over the phone. Tony deserves to hear about this in person.
the Accords, they’re at least palatable to him—the problem is that the team ran away together and he won’t go home until they all do.
He means it to just be helpful but even he knows that it’s clearly the wrong thing to say because Tony is only looking angrier and Janet is agreeing with him as she says, “The textbooks are actually saying eighteen months.”
“Yeah, it does. But Steve, you’ve done as much as you can to make the Accords palatable for everyone and not just for the politicians in charge. It’s up to Sam now to decide if that’s something he can live with.”
He knows Tony’s been seeing someone. Tony won’t tell him who, which makes Rhodey suspect that they’re probably much older than Tony’s underage ass. And if Rhodey knows anything about Tony, it’s that he tells Rhodey everything, which means it was probably whoever his partner was who convinced him to keep it a secret. That alone would be a red flag, even discounting the age difference. He’d tried a few times to get Tony to give up the name of whoever he was seeing, but eventually gave up after Tony lashed out at him in a screaming match that resulted in their RA getting called on them. Looking at Tony’s black eye now, he wishes he’d tried harder.
So yes, he knows perfectly well that at the hottest point of the summer, Tony will deliberately break the A/C in the penthouse (and he knows it’s being done deliberately because the rest of Stark Tower is just fine) so that Steve will have to wander around their apartment without a shirt on for a few days while Tony pretends that he doesn’t know how to fix the A/C. He could get a hotel room, but honestly, Tony’s shenanigans are adorable, and anyway, the trade-off is that
had issues with letting people know when he wasn’t happy with something. He was one of the most dramatic people Steve knew. He didn’t know why Bucky was so convinced that Tony was trying to make it more than it was.
for him, winter is when Steve’s powers are at their height, and he loves watching Steve in his element. Steve has told him how long it took him to come to terms with his abilities, how rocky the road to acceptance was, so he’s positively delighted to see Steve so at peace with himself these days. It’s been three years since the Ice Spirit returned to the Forest and nature has never felt more harmonious.
Steve looks to T’Challa for assistance, but the king is frowning thoughtfully. He looks back at Tony and quietly says, “Tony—”
“I can’t do anything about the heat, Tony, unless we decide to take the jet out to one of the other houses.” He can feel Tony perking up and immediately adds, “
An awkward silence falls over them, making Steve regret just springing the news on Tony. He should know better by now. He shouldn’t have just blurted it out like that. Tony doesn’t handle news well when he’s not eased into it.
“Tony,” Steve says warmly, heartened by Tony’s babbling. He hadn’t realized how much he misses that. Tony stops. “Scott Lang is Antman.”
“Huh,” Tony says thoughtfully. He drums his fingers on the counter, tilting his head as he thinks about it. “It’s not worst idea.”
Tony glances away and then back at him. What is he thinking right now? What thoughts are running through his mind? If Steve knows Tony, he has a million of them, all contradicting each other.
“Great,” Steve breathes. And now for what to do about the fact that he’ll have to share a bed with someone he’s
means at least. It means that Steve is unexpectedly sweet and adorably clueless about technology sometimes and has an unexpectedly sly sense of humor that makes Tony want to kiss that smirk away.
“I can’t leave my team,” he says again. It’s different when it’s him. He’s the team leader. He knows that they’re all more than capable of taking care of themselves, but he shouldn’t just abandon them because he’s in l—because he’s lonely and wants to go home.
“Janet, I get that you’re trying to help,” Steve starts, thinking that maybe this critique shouldn’t be coming from Tony’s sister.
Tony. Well that won’t do. He wiggles again, undulating his body in a way that’s guaranteed to get Steve’s attention. Steve glances at him before turning even pinker and turning around entirely.
He finally approached her, offering that crooked smile Tony used to love so much. “Hi,” he said, maybe a little awkwardly but at least most people seemed to take that as endearing.
“That’s why we have superheroes themselves sitting on the committees. We’re not voiceless anymore. Superhero registration is in the hands of a mutant who would never let that information fall into the wrong hands,
Tony sighed and leaned back against his desk. Steve didn’t step foot inside Tony’s office very often. They didn’t frequently discuss their shows beforehand, outside of confirming what topics they were covering and who the guest speaker would be, and when they did discuss them, they typically went to someplace more neutral, like a nearby coffeeshop. Tony’s office was very different from his. Steve had prints of favorite artworks, whereas Tony had posters of his favorite old cars. Steve’s desk was devoid of anything personal, covered instead with small terrariums he’d picked up over the years; Tony’s was filled with fidget toys and photos of him and his friends, including one of him and Steve from their freshman year that was now, Steve noticed, noticeably absent. He wondered where Tony had put it, then reminded himself that it wasn’t any of his business. He shouldn’t care anyway.
Steve gets to his feet, leaving Tony on the couch, and walks to the door, feet dragging like lead. He doesn’t want to leave Tony there. He wants to go back to him, ignore whoever is at the door, and work this out, keep Tony there until he can convince him that no matter what had happened to them this last week, what Steve feels for him is very real. Sometimes, in all this mess of aliens and magic and flying robots, he thinks that what he feels for Tony is the realist thing in the entire world.
That’s another thing that’s so very new about this whole team-moving-in affair: Steve. Or, to be more specific, Steve spending most of his time in Tony’s new workshop. Steve says it feels very calming and that it’s a great place to relax while he’s drawing. Tony says that has to be bullshit because no one—not even Pepper and they dated for two years—has ever described Tony’s workshop, with its thumping bass music and holographs zooming around the room, as
“…Yes?” Tony said, his voice lilting up at the end into a question, rather than a statement. “I mean—we don’t have to if you don’t want to, of course, but it’s not like this wasn’t a good couple of years, and now that I know the boundaries, it’s fine. I’m fine. And we know each other, right? We know what we like, what we want, so why should I have to go looking for someone else when I want to be fucked, you know? But, really, Stevie Bear, we really don’t have to if you’d rather just—”
“That is literally the definition of counting. And Steve, for the record, I appreciate your advice but despite the best efforts of my parents, I do, in fact, know what I’m doing.”
“No, no, the other one. She—oh come on, you know who I’m talking about.” Though, now that he was thinking about,
“Hmm but I’m sure you look so good with the water streaming down those rippling pectorals,” Tony purrs. It should be a ridiculous line—and it is—but Steve still chokes on his own spit. Tony—he isn’t—they’re not—sure he
“You remember that woman from about a year ago who was dealing with that jealous coworker spreading rumors about her relationship?” Steve asked as they were sitting down for their next staff meeting. He cast a longing look at Tony’s coffee. Tony hadn’t brought him coffee in almost a month. Steve was slowly adjusting to the new normal—he could hardly complain now that he knew Tony had only been doing it because he was hoping to soften Steve up to dating him again—and usually he had enough time in the mornings to run down to the coffeeshop on his own to pick something up, but he’d been running late that morning. He was definitely feeling the lack of caffeine now, but not enough to brave the coffee from the staff breakroom. He wasn’t sure how, but he was pretty sure Sitwell was poisoning it.
Except—he doesn’t think so. Luis had described all of them surprisingly vividly for someone who goes off on a tangent as much as he does, and the Starks don’t sound like they’d be an easy group of people to miss.
magazine, of a toddling Tony gracing the cover, lovely and intelligent and far too young to be worrying about his smiles for the press. But even though she’d never expected children to be a part of her future, she can’t deny that the first time Maria had placed Tony in her arms, she’d fallen instantly in love. There isn’t a thing in the world she wouldn’t do for that boy, and she suspects that most of the adults in Tony’s life feel the same way.
“I… okay.” He waited a moment more but Steve seemed like he was done worrying about the glass. Tony headed for the pantry where they kept the broom, looking back over his shoulder to make sure Steve didn’t forget about the glass again and step in it.
angry?” They’re both quiet for a couple minutes. “I don’t know, Steve. I saw it up on the screen and it was right there in black and white and all I wanted was for someone to take responsibility. But he wouldn’t. You wouldn’t
wasn’t sure who he was talking about. He was certain that at some point, Wanda had been friends with another woman who lived in their neighborhood, but he couldn’t remember what she looked like. Or what her name was. Or even where she lived.
She giggles, twirling a strand of her hair around her finger. There’s a strange scent of roses in the air that’s growing stronger, and Steve finds himself sort of swaying towards her. “That’s so cute! No, I’m helping out at Hank’s clinic, just down the road, you know it? And he wanted me to take a couple business classes over at the college in Elmdale, but
“Great,” Tony says. He ducks his head, looks up at Steve through his lashes, and then disappears down the hall to the bathroom.
There are other times though—most of the time, really—when he knows better than to say what he’s thinking. It’s times like those when he’s reminded that staying on Howard’s good side—one that’s harder and harder to find these days—means a steady job and financial security, something that’s becoming more and more important as Ana’s medical bills rack up.
Tony hesitates. “Don’t call me,” he says eventually. “I don’t know how long I’ll be there and if he sees you calling me, he’ll know something’s up.” So that answers the question about which method Tony’s going to use to get the USB.
He hadn’t been saying that, not originally at least, but now that Tony had mentioned it… “It’s not a bad idea, right?”
As Steve is heading out to meet him, Natasha stops him just inside the front door. He bites back an impatient urge to tap his foot, even though he
“Anyway,” Janet says suddenly, completely breaking the already-fractured moment, “I was just going to sample that attraction potion we picked up today on Steve. Steve, you’ll love it. It’ll have all the girls fawning over you.”
it though. Steve glared at him. “Stevie, the last time you and Tony dated, he took a job halfway across the country without talking to you about it. Those kinds of communication problems don’t just
“I wish I knew,” he says, soft enough that Tony might not have heard him. “But you’ve got your mother and me and Ana and your Aunt Peggy, right?”
“What’s magical?” Wanda asked again, still unexplainably worried. “Nothing should be magical! It should all be perfectly ordinary.”
“What did you like about the Accords?” he asks Nat a few days later as he sits down beside her. She’s sitting on the roof of their safehouse, feet dangling over the edge as she looks at the distant mountains. He wonders what she’s thinking about, if she’s missing Clint and Tony as much as he is.
“Sounds good,” he declared, clearly surprising Tony, judging by the way Tony’s eyes widened. “You were serious about that offer, right?”
gifts—but he hasn’t said that they look nice or that he returns Tony’s affections. He hasn’t given Tony a gift back.
“That’s not a ringing endorsement to skip. We have to go grocery shopping today. We’re out of fruit.”
“Never,” Tony declared, poking him again. That time, though, Steve caught his wrist and reeled him in, wrapping one arm around Tony’s waist. He bent Tony backwards over his arm, kissing him deeply. Tony hummed happily and wrapped his free arm around Steve’s neck, letting his mind go blank as Steve kissed him quiet. He’d called Steve down to the kitchen for a reason. What was that reason? He tried to think about it, but Steve’s kisses were terribly distracting. Well, if he couldn’t remember, it probably wasn’t important. He’d probably think of it later when Steve was down at the gallery.
Steve made a thoughtful sound. “Nothing, really. I know we’d been talking about adopting a pet, so maybe we could run down to the shelter a little later and see if there’s anyone that catches our eye. Otherwise, we are as free as birds.”
“Sorry for asking,” he bit out. “Just thought maybe you weren’t feeling well. You’re not usually late.”
It’s such a petulant statement, and the pout on his face is so pronounced, that Steve can’t resist teasing him. “I see. You’ve settled on a name then?”
By the time rush hour had rolled around, Steve felt reasonably caught up on what was going on in the world of
Hi there! Some of you have clearly forgotten fandom etiquette rules, so allow me to remind you: don't like, don't read, and if you read anyway and you still don't like, click the back button and don't send me hate. This is a
He doesn’t even want to think about it. He should probably be flattered she finds him attractive but he’s just too alarmed. He’d come all this way so he could
He changed into a pair of soft flannel pajamas as well, big enough that he was pretty sure they were Steve’s. Dummy was lounging on his pillow, blinking at him slowly. He eyed her, half wishing he could be a cat so the only things he had to worry about were eating and sleeping. But then again, if he were a cat, he wouldn’t have Steve, and Steve was the best thing to ever happen to him, so maybe it was a good thing he wasn’t a cat.
“You will,” Sam says confidently. “You’ll figure something out. Might just take a while. I’m pretty angry about this.”
He aches to give Tony a hug, soothe his mind until it quiets enough to let him sleep. There had been a time once, a time before Ultron, before the Civil War, before Siberia, when he knows Tony would have welcomed his touch. He would have let Steve pull him into his arms and take him upstairs and tuck him into bed, maybe even curl up under the blankets with him until Tony finally dropped off to sleep. They had never moved beyond the shy touches and quiet words, but Steve had held out hope for the two of them. But then Ultron had happened, and then Bruce and Thor were gone, and then Tony was leaving too and that had been the end of whatever they’d been building up to.
Peggy, to put it simply, frankly adores her godson. Before Tony, she’d never held much interest in children; her mind had always been consumed with work, with the mission, with the agents who already looked down on her, never mind if she’d ever paused long enough to get pregnant. With Steve, she’d allowed herself to briefly entertain the thought, but even then, she’d had so much trouble even picturing the end of the war that any thoughts of life after that had been nebulous at best. And, well, she’d never really thought of herself as the mothering type. She would never judge any woman who decided a family and children are the best choice for her, but for herself? Out of the question.
No, wait, that didn’t make sense. He wasn’t anyone important. He didn’t come from a long line of millionaires. He was just Tony—Tony Rogers, Steve’s husband and—where had that thought even
It was a little lighter in the room, but not by much. Steve would estimate it was still only thirty minutes or so past dawn. “How long have you been awake?” he asked eventually.
Tony’s a pretty talented guy, but even he can’t figure out a way to meet all of those Steves by the end of his lifetime. It’d take him much longer than the average human lifespan. Fortunately, he knows he can narrow it down a bit. According to his Aunt Peggy and Uncle Grant, who were there when his name showed up, Tony was only a few weeks old when he met his soulmate, which means he can cross off anyone who’s younger than him. Steve’s name wouldn’t have appeared on his wrist if he hadn’t already met him.
Tony grins boyishly. Then his gaze shifts over Steve’s shoulder to the window. “You can see the stars tonight,” he says softly.
stopped, he supposed there was nothing left to do except wait for Steve to come back with the now-unnecessary buckets and for the phone to dry off enough so he could call the insurance company—not that they would be open on a Saturday, but he could at least leave a message.
“I’m not actually a mind reader,” she says dryly. “If you want me to know something, you have to tell me.”
He’s missed his brother, hadn’t really realized how much until Bucky’s clutching him as tight as he’s doing to Bucky. Bucky smells nice, like some kind of lemongrass soap. It suits him.
“I’ll bet he never told you about the time Steve walked straight into a hunter’s net and Bucky had to rescue him,” she says, landing on one of her personal favorites.
his victory (he bet it tasted like those Milky Ways Steve liked to snack on during Halloween) when the doorbell rang. He groaned.
Somehow, Steve doubts that Rhodey is doing it for the store and not just for Tony. But that isn’t what Tony needs to hear right now. What he needs to hear is, “Tony, relax. It’s going to be fine.”
“Tomorrow, then.” Before he can chicken out, he leans forward and kisses Tony. Tony smiles into the kiss, making it a little awkward, but there’s something still so wonderful about it. He thinks it’s because it’s Tony. He’s never kissed anyone else who made him feel this way, so it
“Dreamers?” Tony translates. He thinks about it. “It’s not terrible. Easy enough to pronounce. Yep. I like it. It’s going on the label.”
. For a moment, he wonders if Janet is doing her thing again but he can’t smell roses and she’s more focused on Tony right now anyway.
“So I’ve been told.” He pulls one of his business cards out of the little container next to his computer and holds it out for Tony to take. “Here’s my card, I have a feeling you’re going to need it.”
fic, which means that it's being written to one person's likes and one person's likes only. I'm not going to change what I've written just because you're not happy with it. I'm sorry that some of you seem to think that Steve is the only one who can fuck up in a relationship or that Tony being hurt means I should make Steve hurt just as much, but I'm not going to write that. If you're not enjoying this story, you're not required to read it. There are plenty of Steve-bashing fics out there for you to read and enjoy. There's no need for you to come onto my story and leave me hate.
Tony is grinning by now, which is good, because it tells him that he’s said the right thing. He doesn’t always know with Tony. Sometimes, what seems like the obvious thing to say is the exact wrong thing and sometimes, Tony’s just like everyone else. He’d hoped that this is one of those things that Tony just needs a little encouragement on, but honestly, it’s pretty much hit or miss with his business partner.
just above the front door and smiled self-satisfactorily. They did good work there, yes indeed. It was a company anyone could be proud of working for.
Tony takes a bite out of a cracker, chews, and swallows before saying, “He’s good. I’m working on a set of leg braces for him. If I can get them to a reasonable cost, I’ll add a new division to SI, medical tech and all that, you know. It’s kind of a racket and I don’t want to add to that.”
was one of the most popular talk shows in the country. They’d won several awards that currently graced Pierce’s office. They had a
To his surprise, the phone isn’t ringing, just lit up from a text message. He frowns. He supposes that he knew, somewhere in the back of his mind, that the phone didn’t necessarily have to be used for emergencies but somehow, he’d always thought that that’s what Tony would use it for. He hadn’t thought Tony would use it to send texts, especially not less than a week after Steve nearly… nearly… well, especially not less than a week after Siberia.
Bucky whistled lowly. “Convenient,” he repeated, sounding disgusted. “Wow. You know, I was worried about
Tony tilted his head up to eye him dubiously. “Is there a time for it to be too early to start thinking about Christmas?”
Steve is well-aware of what Tony is up to. Of course he knows, how could he not? He and Tony have been married for ten years and Tony has been doing this since they started dating all the way back in grad school. Besides, it isn’t like Tony is subtle. Tony has 206 bones in his body and all of them are flamboyant.
The thing was, Steve didn’t know why it so upset him that Tony had made that joke about finding a different show. He liked Tony, and they had a great show together, but it wasn’t like he hadn’t had partners in the past that he liked just as much as working with Tony. It wasn’t like he wasn’t getting tired of Pierce and Rumlow’s bullshit. It wasn’t like he couldn’t easily find another job—he’d gotten several offers while he’d been employed at Hydra. But that sort of visceral reaction to hearing that Tony was thinking about leaving, even if he wasn’t serious about it…
“We’ve had a visitor,” T’Challa says, turning to walk inside once they’re alone. “I thought you would be interested in seeing him again.”
Tony blinks his eyes back open to see Steve staring right at him, a wild look in his eyes. He doesn’t understand it and he cocks his head to one side, wondering what has Steve so upset. For a moment, it looks like Steve is going to join him and he stands, shifting from leg to leg excitedly. But then Steve heads in the opposite direction, ducking inside the tent the humans made for him. Tony waits, hoping that he’ll come back out again, but he doesn’t.
Steve: Look, I get it. You convince yourself you’ve found the one, only they don’t want to admit it, so instead you just keep ending up doing this dance, but like you said, it’s not healthy for you. It’s time to leave. Cut your losses and go. I know it sucks to hear it, but there are other people out there. This woman isn’t the only one.
to have hope. It’s all he has left with Obie in prison and Pepper and Rhodey an ocean away and his aunt’s phone calls getting less and less coherent each time he picks up.
Maybe this was Tony’s way of trying to let him down gently without telling him that’s what he’s doing? But Tony isn’t exactly a subtle guy. It’s not like him to let someone down gently. This would be way out of character for him. And besides, what was with all the flirting? Because that has to be what they’ve been doing these last few months. All those secret smiles and inside jokes and comments about his physique, that has to be flirting.
But Tony is already pulling the framed receipt out of the bag, gasping softly when he turns it around and sees it. His eyes are shining in the lights from the fair, making him look even more beautiful than he normally does.
Tony follows his gaze to the license and, to Steve’s surprise, laughs. It’s the first time he’s heard Tony laugh, and wow, but he thinks he could hear that every day and never grow tired of it. “Well, looks like I’ll be making all the creative decisions around here then, huh?”
So when he hears Tony’s admission about the way his ex makes him feel, when he feels the way Tony is shaking like a leaf, when he can see the tear tracks on Tony’s cheeks, he knows his expression darkens. He stiffens. He lets the anger tear through him and then just as quickly, he lets it go. Because Tony is pulling away, mumbling something about how Steve must be so disappointed in him, and that’s just
…No, he hasn’t. Truthfully, the thought hadn’t even occurred to him until this moment. He doesn’t know what he’s going to do if Tony can’t convince the UN to pass the amendments. To Steve, they’re perfectly reasonable requests, but for all he knows, the UN is going to look at them and laugh Tony out of there. And if they do… these amendments are what makes the Accords palatable to Steve. If they don’t pass, he doesn’t know that he’ll be able to promise to sign.
Caller: Hi, I’m so glad I managed to reach y’all. You wouldn’t believe what I’m going through right now.
Tony leaves eventually and Natasha and Wanda return, and they discuss what Tony’s said. The discussion lasts for hours, stretching out into days, and they’re no closer to deciding on a solution than they were when this whole mess started after Lagos. The problem, Steve thinks, is that Sam is the only one with a firm opinion on the Accords and that opinion is that he’s still not comfortable with signing his life over to them. Natasha’s opinion is that she wants the team to stay together, whether that’s on the run or safe in New York. Wanda doesn’t have an opinion on the Accords themselves, but she wants to be able to be with Vision without having to hide. And as for Steve, while he doubts he’ll ever truly
“There have definitely been shorter runs,” Steve points out. He can think of a few that had only one showing, and this one’s already been running for a week. Tony, however, jus waves a dismissive hand, making Steve laugh. Tony always manages to make him laugh. “Look, don’t worry about trying to stop the show. You and Bucky are right—it
Tony feels against him. His friend needs comfort right now, not for Steve to—to make a move or something.
Tony takes him up on the offer, eagerly chatting about the research he’s doing. It all goes way over Steve’s head, but he finds that he likes hearing Tony talk. It’s clear that Tony is passionate about what he’s studying and unselfconscious about his passion, and Steve’s always liked that in his partners. And Tony really is lovely in his submission, his back a graceful arch, his head bowed at just the right angle that Steve can’t resist taking a full picture of him from behind because it’s such a perfect post. He figures he’ll show it to Tony before he leaves to get his permission to include it. He almost wishes he’d added a collar to Tony’s outfit, but he contents himself with imagining how he might look if they ever do this again: he bets Tony is beautiful when he’s overstimulated and begging and unable to touch himself with his bound hands.
He nodded and got back to work, leaving her to head backstage on her own. Or, no, not alone; Geraldine was there with a comforting hand as soon as she reached the stage. Steve smiled and ducked his head, grabbing the next couple chairs Dottie wanted moved.
“Maybe you should mention them,” Natasha says. “I think he’d like to know what you’re thinking. He values your opinion.”
But he wants to—go home, that is. He wants to curl up beside Tony at night and wake up with him in the morning and see if Natasha’s words hold any truth. He wants to rest, to put down his shield for a few minutes and stop running.
Steve had always had a more than decent grasp on military strategy. “That paints a target right on our backs.”
Who’s Justin? He stays quiet, hoping his silence will invite Tony to explain. He’s not disappointed.
“Well, I’d say consider it a birthday present, but can you imagine the headlines?” Bucky shoots back. “’Captain America lies about birthday on the fourth of July! Birthday is really in December!’”
Whoops. Apparently, he hadn’t sounded surprised enough. “N-nothing,” he stammers out. “It just makes sense, doesn’t it? Rhodey’s injured, Vision divides his time between the team and Wanda. Tony’s the only full-time member on the team right now, and he’s not even supposed to be that. He’d have to find new members, wouldn’t he?”
“Yes, darling, that’s exactly it.” Tony kisses him lightly. Steve lets himself lean into Tony’s body a little more, grinning when Tony shudders against him.
And when he walks in to find Tony seeming both triumphant and shattered, a nervous frenetic energy to him that has the air smelling of iron and things randomly flying around the store, he thinks that he’s right. Tony’s here because he can’t be at the motel anymore, hoping that the work will calm him down.
had been perfect. For the next three years, they had been inseparable. In their second year, Tony changed his major to mass communications, same as Steve. They moved out of the dorms before their third year and into a shoebox of an apartment that they could barely afford, both picking up extra shifts at the college radio station just to make rent. By the time they graduated, they’d both received offers at multiple radio stations across the country, but they’d agreed upon a local station that had accepted both of them. He’d thought they would be together forever, as cliché as that sounded.
Tony smiles shyly at him. “Hey.” He puts his folded clothes on top of Steve’s dresser, removes Dummy from the bed, and climbs in beside Steve. He reaches over to turn the lamp off, darkness falling over them like a warm embrace.
They’d spent the rest of the semester in relative peace, even if they weren’t exactly friends, before separating for the holidays. That had lasted for a whole two days before Tony called him, told him he’d been disowned, and asked if he could join Steve for the rest of the break. Steve’s answer had been to drive all the way out to the Hamptons himself to pick up Tony and his belongings.
cared about him, it would be over and done with and he would be back over with Tony, pressing him into the stairs. But alas, Tony was all alone and Steve had cruelly abandoned him.
“Okay, but—” How does he say that he doesn’t want to share a bed with Tony without his mind being settled without making it sound like he doesn’t want to share a bed with
When he’s sure Luis is good with dinner, he heads into his bedroom, closing the door behind him. “Okay, what’s going on?” he asks.
“But not right now,” Tony says abruptly, tweaking Steve’s nipple through his shirt. He spins back around and marches off, leaving Steve floundering in his wake. He gapes after him for a second before hurrying to catch up.
There are a little under fifty thousand Steve Rogerses currently alive in the United States, and twenty-five year-old Tony only has about four thousand more to meet. He’s not losing hope—he
“I thought most of the team was going to sign. Honestly, I still think most of us would have if it hadn’t been for Zemo and the threat of the other supersoldiers. Wanda was really shaken by what happened in Lagos. I think it would have been easy to talk her into signing if she hadn’t tried to leave the Compound. Clint was retired anyway and he rarely thought through things like this. If he had, he probably wouldn’t have saved me.”
at a sleepover when she was far too young, so he knows what nightmares look like. His family have a pretty decent-sized house back home in Philadelphia, nothing like what Tony grew up in of course, but large enough that his parents didn’t always hear when he and his sisters had a bad night, and, as a result, it frequently fell to Rhodey to help his little sisters fall back asleep. He’s never begrudged them for it, and right now, when Tony is whimpering in the bed next to him with a black eye given to him by someone who should never have laid a hand on him, he’s downright happy for all those sleepless nights spent singing lullabies and telling stories.
“Don’t sound so surprised,” Tony says. He stands and carefully picks his way across the crowd to Captain America. “I have a lot of tricks up my sleeve—literally, this time.”
Thor gives him an indulgent look that tells Steve he doesn’t believe him as plainly as if he’d spoken aloud. “I may only be the mayor but I think there are a few strings I can pull if you’re going bankrupt.”
“How? You can’t set foot in a hundred and seventy-five countries without being arrested. Believe me, this will be a public spectacle and you won’t make it out without being noticed.”
Tony’s face is thunderous by the time he’s done. “So that’s that, then,” he says bitterly. “Can’t get everyone to agree, so it doesn’t matter that I stuck my neck out for you? That I helped rework a document that a hundred and seventy-five countries were fine with just so that you could be happier with them, only for you decide that it still wasn’t enough? I—” He cuts off with a low groan, covering his face with his hands. “I don’t know what else to do, Steve. I need you at my side for this.”
Natasha nods. “I know,” she says, parroting Steve’s words. “And I don’t think Tony would love you nearly as much as he does if you weren’t.”
, he calls it, like it had been one of their typical blustery arguments and not the two of them doing their very best to put each other down for good. There’s a familiar twinge of guilt in his heart at the thought of how he had left Tony there, suit broken, arc reactor cracked. T’Challa had assured him that he had sent assistance to Tony before they left, that Tony would not have been stuck there, and in the heat of the moment, that had been good enough for him. But he looks back on that moment with shame now. He should never have left a teammate behind like that, even one that he was fighting with.
Tony immediately tenses, making Rhodey regret asking. “Is it enough if I tell you I’m never going to see him again?” he asks, sounding defeated. Rhodey hates that. Tony should never sound anything other than triumphant.
Only this time, Steve wanted him to stay. He wanted Tony to fight for them, the way he hadn’t when they broke up after college. Inexplicable and unexplainable as it was, he wanted Tony to fight back to keep their show. He wanted him to take all that passion from their nights together and channel that into fighting back against Pierce.
He follows the two women out, stopping to murmur lowly to Bucky, “Don’t make him do something he doesn’t want to. This isn’t like me and all those women you kept trying to set me up with.”
Tony is very clearly in a bad mood when he walks into the store that morning. Steve glances at him from the corner of his eye as he finishes ringing up Thor, but Tony doesn’t seem to want to talk about it. Instead, he shoulders past Steve into the backroom to drop his stuff off. Steve and Thor both watch him go, carefully not saying anything even though Steve wants to reach out and comfort him about whatever went wrong so early in the morning.
Tony let out a yelp that he would absolutely deny later and whirled around. “I thought you were outside!” he said, poking a finger at Steve’s chest accusingly. Something flashed red in the corner of his vision, but he was too distracted by Steve to pay much attention to it. “Why didn’t you answer me the first time?” He poked him again.
Tony was snoring quietly, his dark curls tickling the bottom of Steve’s chin. Brown, he thought, but that wasn’t right. Tony’s hair was a dark grey. It always had been. Steve always said it made him look distinguished, even though his young husband was still struggling to grow a beard. He liked it when Tony’s hair looked like this, when it was riotous curls instead of the slicked-back style he usually wore when they were leaving the house. But maybe today, the day of the talent show, Tony wouldn’t bother with styling it.
“And what can she do?” Steve asks curiously. The new team hasn’t been called out yet, so he hasn’t heard much about them other than what Natasha has been able to pick up through the grapevine.
“You did this?” Steve asks incredulously. By the way Tony had talked about it, he’s spent all this time thinking it would take a year or more to bring Ross down.
Steve nodded. “I was just thinking about her this weekend, not sure why, and wondering how her relationship was going. You know, if she was still with her husband or if he dumped her.”
“I’m here,” he says at a normal volume, knowing that JARVIS will easily pick up what he’s saying and transmit it to Tony. Tony’s just being loud because he’s always loud and because he’s down in the engine room of the ship with all its noises from the conversion of stardust into energy.
He knows very well it’s a catch-22. If he says they haven’t, then Tony will feel worse and—knowing Tony—probably think it’s something that he did. But if he says that they have, then he’ll be lying and Tony will know that he’s lying because Tony always seems to know when he’s lying.
He shakes his head. “I suspected.” And that’s true. Zola had made the claim that Hydra had had the Starks killed but Zola had claimed a lot of disasters that were easy enough to prove false. When the mission report hadn’t surfaced after the fall of SHIELD, he had assumed that was a lie too.
