“Well then fuck,” Direl interrupted, making his way back to the group from the creek, “if it’s anyone’s fault it’s mine. I told you where we was an' I shouldn’t’a anyway.”
Sam sighed at his back. “I kind of had a lot on my plate what with taking care of everyone around here, so excuse me if straight-up murder wasn’t near the top of my list.” He slapped the note back on the can, “Tell me when the coffee’s ready,” and turned to leave so fast that he almost ran into someone.
“Your guard,” Crowley cut him off, “is busy with my little distraction." Crowley began to walk toward the throne. "There’ll be no one here but pencil pushers.”
As they approached, they quickly confirmed that there were no guards on the wall. In fact, as Dean jimmied the lock on the gate, there didn’t seem to be any guards at all.
And Bris couldn't seem to contain the smug look on her face. “Takin’ a shine to our pets there, are you?” she chided Dean.
gots anywheres to be, right? Pro’ly jus’ gonna end up sleepin’ under a damned tree ‘r some shite anyhow.”
“And the rest of you took no notice, either!” Michael said to the group. “It’s all up here, in Dean’s little mind: months of his actions, weeks of blatant patterns, but you all dismissed it, you
And the warmth of that smile, the genuine, untempered affection— well his chest felt fit to burst from it, and a lopsided smirk crept up his own face.
Dean was about to make a sarcastic comment about clichés, but Cas nodded and said, “Yes, the dungeons should be nearby, so to speak.”
Something moved along the base of the opposite canyon face, a snake slinking through the underbrush.
this, this isn't going to happen! You’re wrong, Dean, there’s another way, we’ll find it, we always do—”
think you was gonna affect what’s pro’ly years of unrequited love in an evenin’? You ought to know better than that.”
Oh, alright now, you just hold on a tick there, boy-o.” She rounded on him, stepping right up to him and snatching his attention with her large, dark brown eyes, causing Sam to freeze all over again.
“Wisconsin. Thank you,” Castiel said honestly. “Are there any nearby towns?” he asked next. Perhaps there was a reason the portal had sent them here, still on the same continent, yet so far from Lebanon.
themselves, and after all they'd been through, it was a relief to see them all relaxed. Downright heartwarming.
“No,” he blurted, and immediately regretted it. “No, I just— asked her to teach me some things. Get a handle on these new abilities, you know?”
Over at the kitchen door, Dean holstered his gun and watched fondly as their crazy little family (and Direl) fussed over Sam, making sure he was really okay, wiping the blood from his neck and carefully checking his arm, all while Cas bristled at the notion that his healing abilities were being called into question.
“What—” Sam looked down too, at the wet, grimy, dry-rotted mess of old sticks that he held. “Oh, uh. Yeah. Guess they are.” He looked over at her bundle, all dry and solid and sure to actually burn. “Guess I should have just followed you, huh?”
“I’m still gonna come back,” Sam said. “I mean, not like— I mean I’ll still help you and your family.”
“Hi, I’m Dean Winchester, I don’t really do what I should,” he bobbed his head sarcastically. “Look, Cas, I’m not in the mood for any mother-hen-ing, so—”
And yet... when Castiel reached them, stopping close to stand tall over the angel, he realized that no matter how closely he looked, he couldn’t see this angel’s face. Its true face. Its angelic one.
And together, with a bond forged of righteous pain and fresh drinks in hand, the two of them settled in for what would turn out to be a very long day.
plenty of testimony from the spouses though,” Cas noted. “Is it common among other people to talk so much when they’re upset?” he looked up at Sam and Dean.
“Hey, while we’re at it, lay off Dean, will you?” Sam added, glancing at him in the rearview mirror. “You’re freaking him out.”
how he had failed everyone so terribly, wouldn’t stop forcing him to face that failure, to stare at it, to dissect down it to the raw bankruptcy of his competence. Around and around he went— or did it spin around him— Castiel picking at it, it jabbing at him, until there was nothing left but the shreds of either before he could gather what was left of himself up, and the process would start all over again. It was draining in its own way, it was exhausting, and he didn't know how to stop it.
when she's angry..." he pouted. "I thought she'd decided she didn't wanna see me... but now... Dammit, I just wanna
In a blink the lights returned, evidently fixed by Cas. “I wasn’t showing—” Cas started, but Dean cut him off with another kiss.
Crowley released his grip on his neck and left him as fast as he’d stopped him, quickly catching up with the rest of the group. No one even noticed he’d been missing.
With Gabriel’s help through that first tenuous night after Hell, Cas had woken somewhere around midnight, groggy and uncoordinated, but at least conscious.
He held out a hand, flexing it in front of himself in the dark. What good was this, what good was all of this if he couldn’t even protect himself…
say that doesn’t make any sense. Propellers don’t exactly go for the face, y'know? Not five times in a row. Not like this.”
Castiel abruptly stilled, steadying himself on his feet. His hand continued to grasp at his chest but now he stood, rooted to the spot, staring at Michael in… Sam could only describe it as
Bris and Direl each gasped. Castiel hardly reacted. Sam released his breath all in a rush, slumping over the table with a
“Sorry,” he said mostly to Sam. He leaned over to him as he tossed his eyebrows at Dean, “But ye can't blame me for havin’ a lash, right?”
Her shoulders dropped, and she couldn’t help but give him the truth: “T’aint nothin’ in this world what's truly perfect, Sam. But that were about as close as it gets.”
Besides, knowing Sam, if Dean pushed the issue he'd just use that big brain of his to flip everything back over to Dean, and after Max, Dean was pretty much talked-out for the next year.
Despite the cold, Sam’s whole body warmed with that one little endearment. “Alright!” he said, raising his voice. “Come out slowly, and nobody gets hurt!”
Cas skidded on the grass and pulled his blade from the demon’s body. He looked up to face the others that were close behind it.
Her mouth hung open for a moment before she shut it and looked at him hard. “And here I thought that necklace had done its job.”
With the logical connections only the drunk can make, Dean looked back up at the man, who was still waiting for a solid answer. Dean met his eyes, pulled out his best smile, and stood from his stool to make his way back to the corner. He’d fucking show them. And he'd have a great fucking time, too.
Fate smiled again. “Oh, My sweet son, how you sell yourself short.” She took a hand from his cheek and smoothed his dark hair. “I will tell you when it is time, I promise it. You will know it in your heart.” She tapped his chest with a finger, and she bent down, and placed a kiss upon his forehead.
The demons finally reached the edge of the water. An ambitious one went to wade in, jumping down the sharp bank. It screamed in agony, steam rising from its legs as it clamored back onto the shore. Its companions could only look on as the group swam further and further out in the water.
of course, none— but the question alone was enough to throw him. What Michael was asking— Months— That Michael would even ask it—
He shook his head. "No. No, there's no evidence of that. I can't find a source, nothing new. Whatever this is... it's coming from him."
Thumping and pinging, chugging right along, the song drove through him, circling around and spiraling down into his chest. Just from hearing it, he could
Sam was interrupted by Castiel practically falling into him, throwing his arms around Sam and squeezing him tight in a crushingly grateful hug.
The Impala's engine rumbled low as it entered the bunker's garage. The car rolled slowly into its spot, paused, and the engine cut off.
To End it, and to wipe the slate clean. To start all over with something new. But I made it to that End, and I just...”
Dean threw up his hands. “Don’t start.” He dropped them on the steering wheel. “Crowley won’t even tell me his fucking plan. Says it’s a goddamn
anything. Gears were shifting, the printing press was running, but everything that came out was stupid, or gibberish, or both.
Cas paused again, then took one hand from Dean’s shoulders to pinch the bridge of his nose. “You’re not going to let it go, are you?”
“No it’s fine, Cas, I’ll just—” He took a breath and searched for a redirection. In that way the broad questions were actually easier. “I shouldn’t be the one to explain this, okay? You’re going to have to talk to Dean about it.”
“Cas. Buddy. I'm already exhausted in the emotions and crap department, so seriously, please, just tell me what’s wrong.”
He fired again, hitting its shoulder. It roared and charged him, desperate and crazed. Sam fired again, and still it bore down. He fired again, and still it came for him.
Castiel stopped, still glaring at the demon, his shoulders heaving. Then he yanked his arm from Sam’s hold and grudgingly stepped back, though his blade stayed ready in his hand.
He placed a palm over his chest, pressing it against his body—no. His vessel. He felt the clothing under his palm. He felt the skin behind the fabric. He felt the muscle and bone that rested beneath. He felt his heart beneath that, he felt it tighten, felt it twist and tear with that solid, sinking, searing pain.
“I was—" Sam cleared his throat. "We were just waiting on you.” He took the supplies in hand and he and Bris stepped over to the shore to set up the bait, leaning into each other's space as they drenched the meat in the virgin's blood.
Rowena blinked at him. Then she seemed to remember where she was, and closed off again. “Not about to share the business of Hell with a Winchester.
“The stuff we’ve been doing for months now? Alerting the network, gathering supplies, practicing— ...things.”
“Oh, but you have. As have all of you.” She looked to the others as well. “I have been with you from the start, in the turn of chance or through the closest escape, in the change of the wind— or perhaps—” she smiled at Castiel, “of a song.”
Michael, Cas, we couldn’t stay there,” Sam said. “We couldn’t just stay there and wait for him to come back and—”
“Bris, I came back for you.” He wanted to reach out and take her hand, but he couldn’t risk that panic in her eyes again. “Of course we weren’t going to leave any of your family behind, but I came back for you.”
Gabriel blustered with offense as Sam scanned the list of ingredients. “It says we need angel blood,” he noted, and looked over at Castiel.
Damn it all, she scolded herself, she shoulda talked to Inas about that. Because months ago now Inas had told her to be happy, had told her that even if he wasn’t intended for her, even if Sam didn’t need no fixin’, that she should be happy with him, damn it. And Bris wanted to. She wanted so bad to just listen to Inas and to just be fuckin’ happy for the next forty- or fifty-odd years of her life.
Castiel saw the cut had sliced across her bicep, right through a design that looked like a triquetra linked through with a ring.
Dean swallows around the catch in his throat, tears are streaming down his face. “You gotta hear me. You gotta hear me when I tell you how
wanted to participate in the discussion, he knew he wouldn’t be able to, because right now it was taking all of his effort not to just prop his chin in his hands and stare until they made him leave. Because
been trying to say all along. That there was more here, that there was more to uncover, more to tell! So I kept going, I let all of you keep going, just to find out what it was.
Direl’s face scrunched in confusion, then fell with hurt, before finally landing on a dangerous anger.
The voice seemed to emanate from the walls themselves, the whine building to an unbearable pitch forcing everyone to slap their hands over their ears. Sam noticed Crowley’s skin was blistering.
From his seat he heard faint conversation and then some shouting. Then a lull and more shouting. Evidently Ketch was here in the bunker— and was
Dean was on his feet quickly, supporting Sam's weight with a practiced ease. He shifted to balance him better, and headed for the doorway to the library. Bris leapt forward after him, ducking under Sam's other arm.
“I’m so sorry.” His eyes darted, and the pain returned. “I'm sorry, I thought—” His hands trembled, and the ground fell away. “I-I didn’t mean to—” He drew in a shaking breath, and
Dean just nodded as he set the cheese block aside in exchange for an apple. “Yeah. Yeah, I guess you did.”
the whole time shoveling fuel into your personal constant cycles of flagellation and self-loathing. It’s utterly exhausting, borderline
“Only Sam’s I know are dead.” She drew another knife from her belt. “And none of ‘em were as big as you. You part giant or something, Hagrid?”
— you’ll be there, you'll come back, ready to help me and Sam with whatever bullshit scheme we’ve thought up this time, ready to save people who need saving, ready to make the choice you think is right!”
As they bickered, Cas waded through the murky river. He got to the nearest leech, reached out, and touched two fingers to it. A second of silence passed, before a disturbing, almost whining hum began to emanate from the carcass.
“Come on!” Sam snatched Dean’s sweatpants off the end of the bed and threw them at him. “Seriously, get some pants on and get out here!”
As soon as the door opens he's greeted by an explosion of cheers, everyone they've lost is here, Ash and Jo and Ellen and Rufus and Bobby and Bobby's wife Karen, Charlie and Pam and Missouri and Kevin, the crowd is filled with everyone we can get back who isn't an angel, (well, hey, maybe the angels visit sometimes, too). There are even some demon faces here, looking happier and healthier than we've ever seen them. John and Mary, too, young and happy with the weight of life lifted from them, and they greet Dean warmly. The bar stretches out forever, and there's a door that connects into a version of the bunker, where even more friendly faces are waiting.
Another hour later, he pulled up behind her and was out of the stolen car before its rumble had truly died.
Cas glanced uneasily between Sam and Dean’s quickly wilting figure. “I expected this would be a stealth mission.”
“Well, I s’pose things are just changin’ around here,” Bris said. She wrapped her arms tighter around his shoulders and pulled him closer.
“Yeah, now that you mention it, mine said that too, shouting and flailing,” said Sam. “And wait— what
me,” she groaned into her palms, as if emphasizing the word would make her confession any clearer, “in his heart!”
Michael's expression shifted, then seemed to settle as he continued to look at Gabriel. “You must be here for the same reason the mortals are," he said. "For this body. That’s all that makes sense.”
“Well, alright, then," said Dean, already shutting the morgue drawer, "so— how do we find ‘em and how do we kill ‘em?”
Crowley raised his chin in appraisal. “You’re a selkie,” he surmised. “Fascinating... I assume you’re with culchie, then?” He pointed between Bris and Direl.
She wrapped her arms around herself, falling back another step. “Well then... then why do it feel that way?”
Inas, clearly humoring him, extended their hand to the three hunters, “I can’t thank you enough for everythin’ you’ve done for our family.”
“Well— See—” Sam stammered. “He’s, um— He’s... an old British Hunter. A member of the British Men of Letters.”
“Yeah, well, it’s not all ganking witches and getting the girl,” Dean tossed out from where he was sifting through a pile of pictures.
Castiel swallowed, head nodding shortly as he looked back down. He brought his hovering hand to Sam's forehead, and placed his fingertips at his temple. Dean stared as he did so, as though his gaze might make this go faster. Bris slowly lowered a hand from her mouth, reaching out to hold one of Sam’s.
“Oh. I was. As far as she knew.” Michael spread Dean’s hands with a shrug, “But now I’m not. Now I’m here. Speaking of trivialities with my long-lost Brother.”
Sam stopped and fired at his afanc. The slug hit, and again the monster fell, and again it got up. Finally, it turned to face Sam.
The outside world whipped past in an indiscernible blur as Sam flew down the road. He’d found the highway on the other side of the park and was heading north. Or was he going east? All he knew was that they had to get as far away from that shit show as fast as possible.
She backed off a step, “Alls I ever did was offer a hand. And when you chose not to accept my help, I damn well respected that.
About halfway there, they ran into another informational sign that Cas stopped to read. This one described the preserve’s struggle with invasive species.
Thank you SO MUCH for reading Part Three. This piece has taken over the last month and a half of my life and I am so happy to finally put it out into the world!
have been trying to hide behind Dean. And Dean may have let him, may have even stood just a little bit straighter, might hve held his arms out just a little bit wider, to try to make himself just that much bigger of a shield.
Bris barked a laugh. “Lord above, Direl. He means well but… Like I jus' keep tellin' him, it ain't my place to shove 'em together. I mean, if they come askin’ fer advice that's one thing but... yeah.”
“Look, just—” Gabriel held up a hand and ran the other down his face, “I told him to come talk to one of you, so you’ve gotta help me fix it.”
right now? It was good enough. Good enough for right now. And Dean was able to just let himself enjoy it.
Why should it be so earth-shattering that he might, maybe, kinda be into dudes, too? Why did this have to be a
Bris glanced up at him, a moment of hope flashing in her eyes, but then a resigned disappointment set in, and she dropped her gaze back to the floor. Gabriel didn't fault her for it.
Sam gaped for a moment, now confronted with what that could actually entail. “What— Why didn’t you say anything before?”
Had anyone looked over to their table at the restaurant, they wouldn’t have thought anything of what they saw. Certainly no one would have guessed that they were watching a telekinetic try his best to explain to four multi-century old beings and an Angel of the Lord what Chicago-style pizza was, even though he himself had no idea why Chicagoans assembled their pizza upside down, or why you had to eat it with a fork and knife, or even whether all that effort was really going to be worth it in the end.
“It means... I would like to remove my grace. I would like to become human, or as close as I can get to it.”
Cas stiffened at it, his body snapping tight as though he wanted to fight her off, but she only held him tighter and began to run a hand up and down his back. Cas managed to hold out a moment longer before he caved, slumping into the embrace and allowing his head to rest on her shoulder.
say anything. He could only gape, could only stare. He stepped back, bumping up against the door of Dean’s room; he looked down at the door handle, around the room, up at Chuck, back down to his hands—
Sam spun around. A demon was running up the hill at him. He pulled out his Knife and stood to face him.
Oh Lord she wanted to look. But she couldn’t. She couldn’t look down and possibly see something other than what he was saying.
He spun, reaching out on reflex and slamming his hand to the forehead of an angel that had tried to sneak up behind him. Before he could even think, he loosed his power, sending it straight through the vessel into the thing that it harbored. He threaded it through every vein and bone of this body, wrapping it around every last wisp of the awful occupant inside.
“Well hold your horses, now, I’m comin’, I’m comin’!” said the guest. They heard them hang up their coat, loudly sloughing off their shoes and hurrying over from the living room—
“What would forty or fifty years be compared to this!” he burst, spinning to face her. “What would a few decades be to me if it meant Dean could— I put my desires over his well-being! I
“That’s great, Jack,” Mary said with a soft smile. She looked out over the camp, “You’re so good to these people, you know that?”
He set Dean’s phone on the table next to the speaker, returning to his chair as the music continued to float around the room.
Dean sighed and started heating the pan, “Okay, Van Helsing, first of all, that’s not on you, none of us noticed.”
Her eyes snapped to him. Tears were welling there, threatening to spill as her hair whipped around her in the pull of the portal. He pushed a stray lock out of her face and brought his hand down to cup her cheek.
She stopped in front of Sam and dipped her fingers into it, picking up some of the rusty, glowing silt. She reached up to Sam’s face, he bent down a bit for her, and she swiped around his forehead, drawing something he didn’t recognize there. Then her fingers nudged his chin up, and she ran a line from there all the way down his throat to his collarbones.
Alright, so if not Crowley, then who else'd give him that gift? Couldn’t have been Sam, he would have whined that Dean hadn’t said anything about it by now. So who else would get him a cassette, that probably let you play music over a tape deck—
There wasn’t much to do but return to Jody’s house to clean up and relax before the drive home tomorrow. Donna made sure to stop by to say goodbye, but soon disappeared into the kitchen with Direl again.
Another Irish Language Note: Bhean's name (which means "woman" or "lady" in Irish) should really be spelled "Bean", pronounced like the English word "bane" -- again, Irish phonetics -- but since I didnt want everyone to think her name is the English word "bean", I used the lentioned bh form of the word, which would be pronounced "wane", and would really only be used in certain situations with certain grammar rules, etc. I'm taking artistic liberties with spelling for the sake of clarity, the characters are pronouncing it "Bane", and I apologize to the entire nation of Ireland for my actions.
as jilted lovers. (Yes. I have a lot of playlists.) (Fun Fact: "Keep 'em comin', joe," was a little reference to "The Lipstick on His Collar" by Caro Emerald. "Now Joe behind the bar is offering advice/ 'Cause I'm a broken record and he has to tell me twice..." "Now Joe just rolls his eyes and says it's just too bad...")
ago. But she was dead. Her spells had vanished upon her death, even if the injuries remained, they had seen that in the room when they went to destroy it. Was this something residual? Something—?
“Nah, man.” Dean shook his head with a chuckle. “Dude, I was so pissed, I thought it was from fucking
She looked out at the crowd of empty glasses gathered before her. “Should prob’ly call it here anyways. I still gotta find myself a place to stays fer the night.”
Just as Dean was about to reach Cas and the witch, the witch teleported again, much closer to Direl's hiding place now. His eyes went wide with recognition.
Cas just rolled his eyes. He reached up a hand to remove the necklace, not even bothering to look at it as he—
“Yes, I don’t mean to blow my own trumpet,” said Crowley, regaining his composure as he straightened his waistcoat, “but I believe you’ll find I have a very particular, very useful set of skills, darling.”
nuh-uh-uh,” Lucifer pulled his fist again, jerking the woman where she stood as he tapped his temple, “you won’t be calling for help, sweetie.”
“Are we looking at somethin' that flies—?” Dean looked out over the broken ice on the river and stopped.
Cas held back his own sigh, wanting nothing more than to be able to buy into the hope she held out for them. As the car went quiet again, he tried to sink back into the music, asking it to carry him to a place of calm for the time being.
"What? Oh. Right, ah..." She opened the cut in her jacket sleeve and peeked at the wound. “Wha-! Aw,
Cas shakily lunged at the witch, but she just flicked her other arm holding the book, throwing him into the wall.
just like with Jimmy!” strained Castiel. He backed up a step, putting his fingers to his temple as he shut his eyes.
Castiel raised a discerning eyebrow. “Something more important than keeping two Universes from colliding?”
How long would Dean hold out? Because surely he was fighting this, even now. Dean would never stop fighting, of course not.
“I’m sorry—” Dean cut him off, “I didn’t mean to— You’ve just done it before and—” He grimaced and shut his eyes. “See, more stupid shit.”
Crowley’s help was on its way, however long they had to wait. And sure, the frustration of not being able to further plan Gabriel’s rescue hung on the periphery, but
Cas’s lips parted. His frown deepened as he searched Dean’s eyes. “You’re not going in there alone,” he said, his tone solid and immobile even as his eyes betrayed their deep concern.
Castiel rose from his ready stance and moved to one side. The others should be here any moment, having been right behind him when he left the bunker.
And of course Dean cursed himself, because he was obviously a far weaker man than he’d ever suspected.
there's been a string of strange, unexplained disappearances from boats in the Chain of Lakes; just north of
“Oh no, Sam, you wanna talk, we’re gonna fucking talk.” Dean planted himself and jabbed a finger at Sam. “We’re gonna talk about how much of a
"Good. Great." Sam's smile twitched and faltered before settling at a small tilt. "See you— See you in a bit then."
Dean returned from the storeroom and went straight to his room. He pulled out his duffel and began to pack, filling the bag near to bursting—
Slowly, Bris turned her head to him, eyes wide with reproach and lips pressed so tightly together they nearly vanished.
With a cry of rage she whirled back, eyes jumping between her feet and him as he came around to face her.
Kevin screamed. “I just want— All I want—” He looked between them all again and shifted his weight. “None of you understand.”
“Your phone?" Sam frowned over the drawer. "Um, Cas... that won’t work over there, man. There’s not going to be
“Now see... A couple of those things… I almost-sorta-kinda had something like that with Kali back in the day... And of course there’s angels who Fall, or angels who shack up for some long-term stuff, or even angels who pair off with each other sometimes, but what you're talking about… geez, it sounds more like
She finished her shower and stepped out, feeling leagues better than she had just a few minutes ago.
By the fifth day Gabriel was almost back to normal, expressing himself fully with every ruffle and flare. Castiel even caught him draping a wing over Sam in a way that Castiel almost never dared with anyone, comforting him when their conversations turned dark or sour. The way Sam relaxed under the unknown touch tore at Castiel, and he wished he had the courage to bring that kind of peace to him. To either of them. To any of them.
This Michael wouldn’t stop when the Other Michael was defeated. He wouldn't stop if he took out Lucifer. No, this Michael would take everything and then some, as though they had never stopped the Other Michael at all.
Long Islands got a mixed reaction, and Appletinis went over well, but much later in the afternoon, Dean had to fight off a silly grin when, going on a hunch, Apple Pies were shown to be a big hit. Cas had three before Dean made him move on to something else.
Cas pinned him there a moment longer before looking back to the ocean. “Good,” he said, and watched as Bris let Sam hold onto her as they sped through the water, his delighted shouts pealing back to them on the shore.
“It's a date,” Bris smiled, and gave him one last peck on his nose before she hopped down from the counter.
She sighed happily. “Nope,” she declared, and rolled over to curl into him. “No, ye don’t. You’re gonna tell me yourself.”
gonna find out? I know you’re havin’ them lessons, but like ye said, it’s been how long now an’ we haven’t even talked about it at all?”
In his sleepy fog, he hugged them closer, his morning wood pressing into their ass. He buried his face into the sheets— no, a shirt— and sighed into the fabric.
Sam looked between Bris and Inas, and he grinned, happy to oblige them and rewrite the memory for those words.
For a while there. And then after Jack took God’s power and we got everyone back and made sure everyone was okay, we got into this research and then— then you just… crashed.”
"I know. I know I'm a right fuck-up. I ruined everythin’ with one stupid night an' now I can't find a—"
“Because you went and got me hooked on it! Never was big into fantasy until you and Other you came along.”
"Nothin'." Dean returned to his paintbrush. "Just finish your little potion there so we can get this over with."
“Holy shit,” he said, looking at the absolute disaster that was the kitchen. The more drinks they tried, the less Dean seemed to care about keeping his kitchen clean.
“Now hold on, hold on,” Gabriel said with a too-wide smile. “This is some high-level stuff, are you sure we can trust a
“Nothing,” Dean snapped. “Alright. So we need to break into that gate, find where the selkies are being held, and get them to the river.”
Cas smiled and looked away, and Dean thought he saw the beginnings of a blush before Cas snuggled into his chest.
“Yeah, no, that’s awesome, Cas!” Dean tapped his arm with the back of his hand. “That's awesome. I really wish I’d brought it with us.”
Sam had planned that they would deliver the paperwork to the selkies on the way out to Massachusetts, so their first stop was in Chicago again, on the Des Plaines River in a preserve that the sign at the road called the “Dam No. 4 Woods - East.”
Castiel straightened up, his eyes lit and his hand outstretched with the effort of snatching Dean’s mug mid-air before it could hit the floor. He'd floated it back to himself to cradle it carefully in his hands, inspecting it for damage, when his eyes shot back to Ketch’s body.
“No! Sorry! I—” Sam hurriedly holstered his gun. He looked around frantically. Rowena was busy keeping the demons at bay. Direl couldn’t help here— He looked down at his hands. Then back to the lock.
I want to make you happy. I already— I want to make you laugh, and see you smile. Every day if I could. I want to see that smile every day.”
“Your trigger-happy asses decided you couldn’t sleep and this place is run by a witch. Stab the demons, shoot the witch. Now shut up, you’re the weak link here so you better listen good. We’re goin' in quiet and staying low, taking out as many as we can before they know where we are.”
I'll drink to that!” Bris whooped, thrusting out her glass. They each tossed back a sip, with Cas conspicuously following along.
“Right, we used it to cross dimensions,” says Sam, “but the Empty isn’t one of the multiverse dimensions.”
Dean let his hands fall to his sides, shuffling a bit and dropping his eyes to the floor. “M’fine, Sam. Just— pissed at fucking Ketch. Go on and pack.”
“Hows about we try somethin' else,” she said, and took his hand to pull him down, sitting on the floor against the door. He followed her, pulling his knees to his chest while Bris stretched hers out in front of her. “Pretty sure you'd do well just to talk it out.”
The other selkies shouted their goodbyes to Cas as they walked away, waving and hollering as they passed. Cas ducked his head, and
So they went. And it was nice. A good old woman-in-white, made all the easier to draw out when she mistook Direl for her spurring lover.
Sam looked at him a moment longer. Then he faced forward again, turned the key in the ignition, and backed the car away from the curb.
“Well, sure, and she always will be, but Sam's girl is taking good care of her now. Man, she can really drive her, too, nearly gave me a heart attack when she took us for that ride the other day!”
“Hey, Gabriel. Hey, it’s me… It’s Sam… Sam Winchester, do you remember me?” Sam smiled as honestly as he could.
Sam shrugged in return, “Wish I could help, but when I was still having visions I never had anything like that. Sorry.”
Finally packed and ready to go, they all piled into the car. Sam slid into the back seat with Bris, and Cas took shotgun without question. Sam nudged Bris, giving her a quick wink as he tossed his head up at the front seat.
They were now standing back in the dungeons, Crowley on one side of the bars, Sam, Gabriel, Dean, and Direl on the other.
If that was it, he needed to speak to Bris again right away. He resolved to find her tomorrow, once she was awake. Perhaps after breakfast. She always seemed to feel best after she had her tea in the morning.
The three hunters leaned back more hesitantly, but quickly found the intensely thick, warm fur as intoxicating as their beer.
Cas still didn’t answer. He couldn’t answer that. Not out loud and certainly not concisely. He turned away to continue through the brush.
“Um…” he stalled. He knew he'd never get her to drop it now, so he tried to step gingerly. “Well, see, there
Sam instinctively reached for Bris’s waist, but Bris was faster, deftly avoiding his grasp to stride solidly across the room. In a second flat she was only inches from Eileen's face, drawing up to her full height to tower over her, shoulders heaving and fists tight.
Cas looked away from her as memories played in his mind, Ishim’s harsh words as he perched over Lily Sunder ringing out over the others.
“They keep giant otter-dogs as pets, it’s safe to assume their sense of scale is different from yours,” Cas said patiently.
Bris rolled her eyes at the blatant excuse, but once again she allowed herself to be led, this time out into the surrounding woods. Unlike the other places they had stayed recently, these woods were clear and open, with almost no shrubbery to be seen. Short stumps littered the ground, as though someone had come through to cut it all out, and the two of them had to watch their step not to trip.
Dean only had a moment to catch the flash of Steve's widening smile before he sharply pulled the arm Dean was still gripping tight, causing Dean to tumble into him. He slipped an arm around Dean's waist, and faster than Dean could follow, he ducked his head and sucked a hard kiss to the side of Dean’s neck.
Dean’s eyebrows knitted together as he bit his upper lip in intense concentration. His eyes darted around the doorway and he said, “Oh.”
“Great. So we just have to find a monster that takes people from boats, but doesn’t swallow them whole. And it could be… literally anything.” He slumped over his keyboard. “And Dean is off interviewing what he
Then Bris gasped, she almost shrieked. As Sam came to rest on his back, her hands shot to cover her mouth and she fell back a step.
leads on where they've gone, either, just dropped off the radar. And when we push the spouses for a description half of 'em can’t give one because they never met the man, and the other half don’t match up with each other in the least. So I’ve either got a shapeshifter or a Celtic gang of homewreckers!”
“I know, Dean,” Cas says, getting into bed next to him. He takes Dean's hand and leans in, resting his forehead against Dean's. “That doesn't mean I'm any more eager for it.”
He pushed forward, moving in next to bed and edging Dean aside, and placed a hand on Cas’s forehead.
She expected to find her son sulking on the throne with his head in his hand, as had become his favorite position outside of a bar as of late.
“Yeah, he did great,” Dean answered with a smile. “I mean, I was right there for backup. By the third one he was doin’ the whole thing on his own.”
he looked to Sam, “just take the selkies. I swear there’s nothing else sentient in there, just get your girlfriend and go.”
She snapped up to him so fast he had to meet her again, indignant fury and concern creasing her face. “Sam— Why don’t you believe that?”
led the battles against Lucifer’s rebellion, always out in front, the greatest among the Host.” He shook his head, “Lucifer is telling the truth. Without Dad, without a proper outfit from Heaven, Michael and his Sword are—”
Crowley appeared behind it, snatching up the blade still clutched in the angel’s hand. He grabbed it by the back of the collar and lifted his own blade to its throat. “What’s the hurry? Get comfortable, now! Stay a while.”
wrong. But alls I knows fer sure is that I can’t—” She cut herself off, shaking her head. “—that I don’
you shoulda!” she shouted, finally finding a foothold. “He needed ye, so I toldja to go to him! How could ye think— Look, whatever happened down there in Texas, this weren’t on you, Cas. You was only followin’ yer heart! An’ ye can’t go wrong followin’ yer heart!”
He looked back at where they'd been standing, and saw an arrow shaft sticking out of the tree trunk about three feet above where his head had just been.
And then her breath returned all at once, tumbling over itself in its rush to get in and she collapsed, falling against him, fists clutching, grasping for a hold. Gabriel flinched in surprise, but he stood, somehow he stood. His arms twitched out and Gabriel just stood there, helpless and impotent, as Bris sobbed brokenly into his shoulder.
"What the hell do you want, Dean? You don't want Hell, fine, who the hell would. I'll give you other kingdoms— people—"
“You'll find a way down to Texas, won't you,” Cas finally said. “Even if we try to stop you. It won’t matter what we do, it won't matter... what we tell you.”
They entered the office and a young man with shaggy brown hair and indolent eyes looked up at them from behind the desk, “Checking in?”
Mary looked up at the sky. Still gray, but a tiny patch of blue was peeking through today. She marveled at it, grateful for that little reminder that there was still color to be found in this hellscape of a world.
Thought he’d need a shove, but, really it just took the tiniest nudge. Took a few weeks to really kick
He shifted the jacket in his arms. Slowly, carefully, he lifted one hand and placed his open palm against the old brown door, feeling its smoothed texture, feeling its warmth, feeling its own unique hum, so perfectly familiar to him.
Bodies of demons were scattered, dead on the floor, at least twenty fuckers leading off down the hall. There was one still alive though, leaning heavy against the far wall, clutching their bleeding wrist, and they were standing right next to—
“That won’t keep you safe!” stressed Cas. “It didn’t keep Sam safe! If this is really the only option available then we need a
Sam rested his cheek on her head and waved a finger at the phone again, moving it back and forth, twirling it in slow, lazy circles.
Which was why he was putting off one of the calls on his list, it wasn’t going to be an easy one. But eventually Sam had whittled his list was down to the last three names, and he
Cas looked up at him, one eye swollen shut and the other fruitlessly blinking against the blood running into it. He glanced down, saw the gouge in Dean’s shoulder, and raised a hand to it.
Bris watched through the dim night as Dean and Cas inspected the man, still kicking out in a bid for freedom. "Alright."
Bris immediately took a step towards Sam, but he threw up a hand to ask her to stay back. Her upper lip twitched and fury flashed in her eyes, but she stayed put.
“Good,” said Sam with a nod. “Well, we need a direction to head, so... Cas.” Sam turned to him. “You felt Dean. So maybe… maybe Michael still has him. Maybe Dean's still in there and Michael’s just...
Dean spun back to the bar, squeezing his eyes shut. He wasn't twenty anymore. He could handle himself. Today was supposed to be about relaxing, remember?
Cas laughed again at how the pieces were falling into place. “Did you even intend to learn how to read sigils? Or was that just a ploy?”
what kind of crazy is coming our way! You know what it’s going to take to stop this!” He stepped back from them. “Look, maybe we can attack first, or maybe you can sneak through when this Other Michael comes and get Mom—”
“Now you’re going in small groups, not all at once,” he started. “We don't want to draw any attention to you. The flights leave over the next few weeks and you're going to...”
She reached for the pad of paper they used for shopping lists, but was paused by a voice that spoke up behind her.
Sam looked to Bris with eyes full of pride. “That last bit there," he said, "I didn’t quite catch all of that.”
“By the way,” she said with disconcerting calm, “the price of the tea is higher than I thought it'd be. Gonna need about double now.”
“No wait, Direl’s got a point,” Sam said, a hand on his chin. “Small details like that have tripped us up before. We should do some research before we rush into this.”
“For... all of this.” He chuffed. “If there was ever a kind of shit you didn’t sign up for, it’s this. I mean, fuck,
help you, now that we know what we’re dealing with.” Sam turned his phone to her, showing her an image of a medieval painting of an afanc. It had the snout of a crocodile, the body of a beaver, and was probably the size of a young grizzly bear. “Does that look right?”
It took a few hours to find a suitable place for their ambush. Almost every inch of the lakefront was developed in one way or another, and what was left was just acre after acre of endless cattail marshes. Eventually the boys realized they were going to have to head out to one of the uninhabited islands in the lakes if they were going to find firm ground to attack from, so they ended up “borrowing” a little fishing boat from a lonely pier.
As she toweled her hair, though, she wiped the fog from the mirror and caught a glimpse of what Inas must have seen: the worry lines setting in, the stiffness in her shoulders, the permanent crease in her brow.
thinkin’ he might not even be over there. Angels hold onto empty vessels all the time,” he said, tapping the book in his lap for some reason, “and that there was a ferocious fight down in Texas. Dean-o might never a’ left.”
“I don’t even want to talk about this right now,” Sam said, pulling the book closer. “It’s done. You and Gabriel did what you did, I managed to get Cas, and now I need to figure this out. I need to come up with a way to get Dean back before—” He squeezed his eyes shut. “I have to get Dean back.”
The spell drawn in the box immediately began to glow, and the smokey apparition of the portal to Heaven rose up, swirling bright and high before falling away again to reveal a small woman with long, wavy, dark hair, medium-brown skin, a round, full-cheeked face, and wearing a gray suit and coat, standing before them.
But the voices were morphing, they shifted and warped, twisting and merging until they were his own, Sam's own voice, saying these things, over and over and
“Well, goodness, there's all sorts of things goin' on, always is in a heart. But Castiel hasn't really changed since I first met you all, an' I can't even begin to make heads or tails of Dean lately, even if I wanted to.”
He looked around at the flashing lights before landing on Dean and Cas. With a lazy gesture, he waved off the gun pointed at his face.
Castiel scoffed, wet and choked. If only she had known. There had been no need to control Castiel to achieve her goal.
“'Kay. Good. Just— hang on a sec,” Dean said, and he left, edging around Cas to go get the coat from the trunk.
That is, until the seventh day after Dean came back from collecting the car. The day Dean confronted Gabriel.
Instead she paced in the map room. Back and forth... Back and forth… Back and forth... Begging that the door above her would open, pleading to a God she no longer believed was even there.
“My truck didn’t have a tape player. And Dean made it explicitly clear he didn’t want to listen to it with me.”
She gripped her glass and sighed. Plenty. Inas knew plenty. Obviously, since here she was, planning to run off again, just like they'd said.
But something was bothering Mary, something she needed to talk to Jack about. So when the boy got up to get another mug of water, she followed him over to the barrels.
Cas said sharply, his own wings catching Gabriel’s eye as they twitched out in frustration. He took a moment to collect himself and continued. “And I
Gabriel twitched, with a grimace or a wince Sam didn’t know. “Can’t say the feeling is mutual,” he said.
“Just gotta keep an eye on it next time,” Bris gave his waist a consoling squeeze. “Though I gotta admit that’s pretty nice, you bein’ able to do that.”
Fate’s smile grew just a little wider, into a knowing grin. “Perhaps I should simply say: ‘keep an eye out for red’.”
Castiel slumped in his seat, all the fight seeming to have gone out of him at once. He stood from his stool and crossed the room to the other kitchen door that led to the back hallways, leaving without another word.
But before Eileen could gather herself to say anything else, Bris pulled Sam along and led them out of the room, effectively giving Sam the final word on the matter and leaving nothing behind but her own wonderfully satisfied smirk.
Cas shut his eyes and brought his mind to heel. He asked himself, again, why he was doing this. Why was he going to sneak this little box into Dean's room in the middle of the night? Why wasn't he going to wake him up to show him what he'd found? Or just wait until morning? Surely Dean would like this gift, and Cas would enjoy that Dean would enjoy it. Then he would know right away whether Dean liked his gift better than Crowley’s. So why was he too nervous to just do that?
Rowena shouted, and now Sam could see that her hands were raised and her eyes were lit, holding Bris back at the table where she was struggling fiercely to reach him. “He’s just been rebuilt from the inside, of
But Dean stopped. For all the bold determination of his entry, he stalled, seeming to slip a gear from his intended purpose.
The others stared at him as he finished, something besides the usual gratitude in their gazes. Castiel stared back.
“That's a big favor,” Dean said. “You would’ve been smuggled into the country, so we’d have to smuggle you and all your friends back out. Unless of course you’re fine with just being ferried out to the Atlantic Ocean and tossed off a jetty.”
Dean looked over his little brother. Sam was slouched in his chair, staring at the table but not really looking at anything. Dean snatched the beer from in front of him and finished it himself.
As the three of them walked out the door, Dean turned back to Direl, “If we’re not back by sunrise, call the number under ‘Jody’ that I put in your phone. And if she doesn’t answer, call ‘Donna’.” He paused. “Actually, just call any woman's name in that phone and if none of them answer you’re probably fucked anyway, so… At that point you might as well call Garth. He’d probably get a kick outta you.”
to be kidding me!” Dean shouted as Sam snorted and Cas tipped his head at both of them from the back seat.
Sam opened the passenger door of the Impala and dropped Castiel inside. He slammed the door behind him and rounded the car, frantically patting Dean’s jacket pockets for the keys, but all he found was an empty pill bottle. Sam tossed it through the open back window and slid into the driver’s seat, leaning down to search for the wires he’d need, bracing himself on—
“Then I'll try again.” Cas pointed up at the dotted sky. ”They look like stars, but stars don't come in as many colors. Stars are white or red or yellow or sometimes blue, and some colors that you cannot see, but souls are any color they please, anything from within or without the spectrum visible to humans. Usually many all at once...”
“Right, sure,” Dean nodded. “How about I take Claire, we’ll go interview the witness, and you nerds can do your research. ”
Gabriel almost flustered a response, and Fate's smile turned wry. Then, between one blink and the next, she vanished.
With each step, his resentment slowly softened into frustration. He had told Dean. He had said clearly that the monsters wouldn't kill him. But Dean had leapt into the water only a moment after the grindylows had engaged him. Now, yes, he had frozen initially. Had found himself unable to react as the water closed over his head, as the sunlight faded, as he was dragged down, down… But the river was murky, Dean couldn't have seen his lapse. Dean didn't have the senses Cas did.
“No, no, please, don’t get up on my account,” Crowley said as he strolled into the throne room, his hands still tucked into his pockets.
"Misogynistic asshole," Jody agreed. She tipped her chin at the group, “Hey, could I get someone to peel potatoes?”
as well, all curled together in a sleek knot at the edge of the water, sleeping in a quiet heap while a few selkies used them as backrests. Dean eyed them warily, but somehow found the beasts less terrifying than before.
“’E’s wallin’ me off, ‘e’s wallin’ everythin’ off.” She shook her head, staring down at her lap. “I didn' understands it before, but… I think tha's what 'm seein'. What it looked like. Maybe.”
He shoved his hands in his pockets and kicked at a pebble. "Lord, what I wouldn't give to know what's goin’ on in the posh one's noodle, his heart's just so… banjaxed! Poor thing’s absolutely knackered! An' the other one..." his eyes grew round, "it's just somethin' else, I'll tell ya what. More wounds than light. And the light's the new stuff."
She took up a position in front of Sam, standing outside the circle, and began to recite her spell. Or possibly multiple spells, Sam caught her switching languages at least twice: a little Latin here, some Enochian there, and a third one he wasn't familiar with.
Gabriel was surprisingly hard to pin down. Cas wasn’t able to speak to him properly until a day later, the fifth day of the week, and even then Gabriel wouldn’t stay still until Cas had pleaded, insisting that this was indeed an important matter. Gabriel’s face had softened, and only then had he taken a seat, cross-legged on top of the map table with his wings tucked neatly behind him.
Dean kept his eyes on the floor. “Sure,” he answered, but his face was pained, and his voice was flat.
“Oh. Well, yeah, I’ve got a crapload of those built into this vessel. How else do you think I stayed hidden from my Brothers for millennia?” Gabriel's face dropped into a frown. “Hey, yeah! I’m
She screamed and Dean jumped back as she fell to the ground, her eyes flickering with the last whisps of her essence and finally going cold, staring up at nothing. Dean stared back and forth between her body and Lucifer.
“So… Dean yesterday, huh?” he said, his eyes illuminating for a moment as he turned his page fingerlessly.
“Nah, not this time. Just gonna be me and Claire on this,” he nudged her with a smile and she beamed back.
But he reminded himself of what Dean had said to him a week ago, of how insistent and earnest he had been then, and resolved to hold his ground.
“Fine,” Lucifer spat. He looked up at the sky. Dark gray clouds were gathering above them. As Dean followed his gaze, a streak of lightning silently crackled through them.
“So…” Sam tried after the latest awkward lull in the conversation. He glanced from the road to Bris, “Anything exciting happen this past month?”
Sam twitched. It was such an obvious question, of course she was going to ask why, but he didn't have an answer ready.
She turned from him and marched back up the stairs toward the doorway. “Now if ye don’t much mind, I’m gonna go get me a handle a’ whiskey an’ lie down for the next century an’ a half.”
If only he had someone to talk to. Sam became agitated when the subject of him and Dean came up, and this didn't feel like an appropriate topic to bring up with Claire. But who could he talk to?
Dean is thrown again. When he regains his balance this time, he finds himself in a convenience store, the one in Lawrence. That kid who used to work the register is standing across the check-out counter from him. Dean looks down and sees a shopping basket between them. It has jerky, and beer, and toilet paper and… Dean’s porn mag?
“Of course, it is understandable,” Cas continued past Dean’s changed tone. “Your society of humans have only recently begun to view marriage as an institution for romantic love. For most of your history you viewed it as a business interaction. It’s really no wonder you’re not very good at it yet.”
When nothing came, she raised her water gun and a blade, and cautiously came out from her hiding spot. She slowly approached the crater, picking up her hoop on the way and taking back those thrown angel blades from the bodies of the felled demons as she went. She reached the edge of the smashed asphalt, and slowly peered over the side—
Direl lifted the phone to Bris, offering it to her. She took it and turned around to watch the woods with the rest of the guard, waiting for the witch to appear.
Cas fought the urge to cross the room to him even now, to place a wing over him and soothe that pain away. After the time he had tried to calm Dean when he’d confronted Ketch, and of course his incident with Bris, Cas certainly wasn’t going to try something like that without Dean’s permission… if he ever got the nerve to try again at all. No, he was only here to keep watch tonight, to protect Dean from the nightmares, and besides, Dean was fine at the moment, sleeping soundly. He didn’t need that from Cas. He probably didn’t even want it.
"Oh just somethin' my fella has saved for an occasion such as this." She raised Sam's phone toward them, and hit play.
Just then, the quiet song that had been playing out of Castiel’s coat pocket ended and a new one began, drawing Sam’s ear.
The world squeezed Dean too tightly and the next thing he knew they were standing next to the Impala. Dean whirled, searching around them.
The next morning, Sam was doing his typical quick scan of the headlines when a notification popped up. One of the searches he had set while looking for Gabriel had finally found something, and when Sam looked into it further, he decided he needed to call a meeting.
Cas glanced away and gathered his thoughts. This wasn’t something he should speak of to her, but he needed her help, and she couldn’t help if she didn’t understand. He hoped he could be forgiven for this transgression.
Sam stood to put his tools away, but only made it a step away when Gabriel’s hand shot out and grabbed his arm.
The light from the sigil grew, and from the center of it a void began to open. Almost immediately, it began sucking the air in the room down into its depths, the noise hissing disturbingly sharp and low and rising in intensity. As it reached its zenith, it’s pull became undeniable, and the group gripped at each other to stay grounded.
“What necklace—” Sam rolled his eyes to the sky, “The one I've been wearing for weeks! I can't take it off. That's—” he tried to remember what all they had told Direl, “That’s what we broke the bolt cutters on. Look, it’s cursed. I’m cursed. I had to tell her the truth, and even if I didn't I wouldn't lie to her.”
Cas tipped his head to Dean, gauging his answer by 'how far gone' Dean was. He was still mostly present tonight, so Cas answered, “You've seen them before.”
With that they stepped out from behind the tree, a white person with long blonde hair and a knife in one hand, the other held up in surrender. Their grip tightened on the knife in their hand, they raised their eyes to Sam’s, and—
“You are now speaking to the fully restored King of Hell, yes.” His smirk widened. “I’d ask you to show the proper respect but it seems you have your hands full.” His eyes flicked up to Gabriel. Gabriel drew back behind Sam. “I’ll give you all one more chance to leave...”
“No, Cas,” Claire cut him off. “We're talking about my girly shit. I might like this one girl and I was using you as an example.”
As Cas stood to move to another selkie, Dean caught his attention, “Hey, Cas, those two there.” Dean pointed at the bodies lying a short distance away.
for your oblivious ass. So I need you to get this whole situation through your thick skull before you kill my little brother, you idiot.”
Asmodeus roared, yanking harshly on Sam’s arm, causing him to cry out. “You pulled him into this damned
The camera shifts, and we see Dean now standing next to Jack. He glows slightly, with the light of a soul.
“Now— Now wait a minute, you do know that I— Hey!” He dodged as Bris swung at him. “You know that I helped get you
He and Bris jumped up and ran back to the kitchen where the pan Dean had apparently left was starting to smoke. Bris only managed an “Oh!” before Cas had already found the lid to the pan and moved it off the fire.
somehow. And he shouldn’t be able to but… well, Cas wants us to gear up for a full-out war. I’ve been making some preparations just in case, calling up old friends...” Sam trailed off at the look on Gabriel’s face.
"I've got about three just in my town, there," Donna jumped in. "Only trouble they get up to is growin' crazy-huge veggies and givin' that stinker Jenkins a hard time. Although, he brings it on himself, really."
Direl turned around, just now noticing him. “Oh— My stars, pardon my manners there, I’m Direl.” He offered a hand for Crowley to shake.
The warmth of it sent a chill down his spine and a firecracker rocketing through his chest, and for a moment, Dean panicked, not sure what he should do in return. But Cas's thumb moved minutely across his cheek, and his hand pulled him ever-so-slightly, and Dean simply closed his eyes, and allowed Cas to lead him.
“What always happens,” Dean shrugged, shrinking into himself, “I just… I just fucked everything up.”
Dean was fixing himself a cup of instant coffee at the motel's little table. He glanced up at Cas, then right back down again. “Hey,” he said, a greeting and nothing more.
As soon as they were all in the car, Dean cranked the radio, successfully stymieing any and all conversation. The drive was blissfully uneventful until, just as they were about to pass by the road to the motel, Dean's phone buzzed.
“Well he ain't speakin’ too well," said Bris, "but otherwise he just looks like he’s comin' 'round after a bender to me.”
“Well, um..." Dean's hand made a fist against his thigh. "Alright. Then I... I guess we’ve got another shot at it, huh?”
anyone can do magic, even these lugs’ve been doin’ magic on occasion for years,” she jerked her thumb over her shoulder at Sam.
She relaxed, though she still glanced over at his chest. He couldn’t really blame her, but it stung nonetheless.
His research suggested that Dean had shown signs of these feelings for years, but now that Cas was finally seeing them... what did he do? He knew what he wanted, yes, but he didn’t know how to get there.
He dropped his head, lolling between his shoulders. “Dammit, Cas... How can you even stand to look at me?”
Sam pressed his lips together and didn’t answer. He just kept his eyes on the forest, pointedly not slowing down.
There, cresting the hill now, there she was. Strolling down the gently falling woodland right toward them. Approaching like was an old friend, like she hadn’t been their personal nightmare for the last years of their lives.
of our witnesses described shouting and struggling during the incident," Cas added, his tone grave. "But that’s not what drowning looks like."
She huffed and shook her head as she settled back into his side. “Ye got nothin’ to apologize for. It just is what it is,” she said with sincerity.
“I dunno, makes me feel a mite better.” He took a sip of his tea. “Pro’ly can’t keep it up forever, but I’m dealin’ with it for now.”
With a soft shearing noise like paper torn in an empty room, a strip of golden light shoots up from the ground. It grows in seconds, flaring like a torch from a scant few inches to several feet tall. With its appearance reality is rent, space-time distorted, expanding in a burst and erasing all disturbances in the snow.
Then someone squeezed his hand, and he ran through how to best tell Cas that it was a little odd to hold hands while sharing beer.
Crowley rolled his eyes. “Always straight to doom with you,” he said, and dismissively snapped his fingers at the pile of sticks—
“Dean!” Sam finally came up for air, though with the way Bris had her hands fisted in his shirt, it was clear he’d be right back under before long. He held up the amulet, now swinging from his triumphant fist, “It’s off! It worked! It's finally off!”
Cas looked around the room, ensuring that since Dean had left they were still alone. He leaned close and said low,
“Yes, well—” Ketch took a sip of his coffee, “Oh, that’s splendid— Well, some of us don’t spend our evenings getting
The demons noticed their boss had returned. Most of them turned to the newly arrived intruders to attack them instead.
“Boys…” Rowena started cautiously, her eyes still darting around the hallway, “Boys, come on now, I need to get you outta here before Fergus—”
“You’re what, Dean?” Cas pushed himself up to see his face, looking down at him with those fuckin' eyes, shining so bright—
“Oh, knowing doesn’t help one bit,” Crowley said. “I saw it from a mile away but did I do anything? No. Just let myself be blindsided.”
"Ahh, it's alright," Dean said, putting a consoling arm around Cas’s shoulders. "Maybe they'll have like a... a little bee party. Figure out how to all get along."
Dean bit his lip and stole a glance at the amulet around Sam’s neck, sitting on top of his shirts as always.
“My name is Sam Winchester,” said Sam, slow and deliberate. “I’m a hunter, like you, like your dad. And as crazy as all of this is, I swear on my life that I know you.”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asked as he entered the library, a pad of paper in his hands and a scrutinizing look on his brow.
“Okay.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah. Cool, um... You, ah— You know, I actually had an x-ray done after you did that. Just to see what you’d done to us.”
Dean’s heart plummeted at the warmth and butterflies that wanted to spread from the small touch. He didn’t deserve it. At this moment he hated it.
Dean slid his sore wrists from Cas’s loosened grip and wrapped his arms around him, slipping under the shirt that had never come off, trying to hold Cas impossibly closer as Dean's head spun and his heart soared. One hand moved up to the back of Cas's head and threaded through his hair, and Dean found it wasn't spiky in the least, but instead soft with the slightest curl.
Gabriel looked so small in that chair... He wouldn't meet Sam's eyes, and he was fidgeting terribly. Sam reached out slowly, keeping his movements slow and predictable, and placed a hand on his knee. Gabriel shut his eyes at the touch, and his own movements slowed.
He researched for hours. He scoured what seemed to be an entire sector of American culture dedicated to positioning varieties of buttery powdered sugar over equally sweet, unleavened bread. It was overwhelming enough to make him wonder why had he volunteered to do this in the first place. Dean might have
Direl’s hand on his chest brought Sam to an abrupt stop in the doorway of the kitchen, almost causing Bris to bump into him.
Dean never listened. Cas had told him all sorts of things, not just this, but Dean never listened. Or did he ignore? Did he ignore what he didn't want to hear?
-Gonna take this moment to give a quick reassurance that there is no Major Character Death in this series, and there are no plans to have any in the future. (Unless, like, Ultimate Endgame counts for that.) There is Pain coming, oh yes there is Pain, but not death.
Sam at least seemed to notice that, his eyes darting again. “I just think— that— it would be best for you,” he finally said.
“Of course I—” Dean paused. “Oh, um, guess I haven’t. But he should be able to tell that I’m not interested! It’s not that hard to tell when someone’s into you or not!”
Sam thought he knew what the problem might be, but it wasn't confirmed to him until after the sixth day after their trip into Hell— the day that Dean came home.
“How did you know about that?” Sam asked as he took them toward the hallway that usually led to the bedrooms.
Having had almost a week to imagine exactly how this argument would explode, Castiel braced himself for the worst. Then Dean finally met his eyes and he said:
Direl opened his mouth a few times, raising a finger and dropping it again before he seemed to give in, and walked off in silence toward the hallway of bedrooms.
“It’s not like—” Dean swallowed. He kept his eyes down, the easier to placate Cas. “It’s not like he’s gonna... I’m gonna make it through this.”
Sam slammed his hand to the table and his glowing eyes shut, chest flashing with panic that it was Dean next to him.
“Okay—!” Dean snatched up the phone and paused it, “I take it back, you don’t get to pick the music.”
Cas smiled at her again. He set the cap on the table so he could take her free hand in both of his, and began recounting what was troubling him.
“Jack...” Mary sighed, and she pulled him close, wrapping him in as big a hug as she could muster, “I’m so sorry... You must miss him so much. I miss him too.”
In a lighting fast motion Asmodeus whipped his hand up and grabbed Sam’s head. The eyes of Eileen lit electric blue and Sam screamed again. Dean reflexively fired at the demon, but the bullets did nothing. Of course the Colt was in his room, uselessly hidden—
it!” Another spell roiled through him. His bones flared in agony. Come on, come on, Bris was just here—
Dean couldn’t care less, but of course Bris had to coo at how damned adorable that sounded, and of course Sam had to reach for her hand under the table, and of course Direl had to ask what a freakin’ sea otter was, because of course they don’t
As they bickered, Dean became aware that he was putting on the brakes. Something was making him stop.
Then Cas pulled back, and before Dean could stop him again he placed his hand over Dean’s shoulder to heal it.
don’t get me wrong, mate, I’m right livid over all this but… It jus’ ain’t good to hang on like that. Jus’ gonna make it hurt all the worse. So I'm thinin' I’ll jus’... think I’ll jus’ go knick a pint a' ice cream. Maybe call Inas ‘r somethin’... They’ll know whats to do.”
Half the group eagerly took off towards her, already grinning in anticipation. As they approached, though, Bris stopped, dropping the hula-hoop to the ground and stepping inside of it. Then, when the demons got within three metres of her, she raised the gun, aimed, and—
“You have to trust yourself,” she said, “trust your instincts and know that we’ll always have your back, whatever happens.
He looked up and saw that everyone else had come to see what the commotion was about. Even Ketch had poked his head around the corner.
She tried to shove those thoughts aside, but as she picked up a second towel for her hair, she caught another look at the unhealed cut on her arm, and she sighed.
Cas watched Dean cross the room, and found himself unable to care that Sam had interrupted, because this time, he was going to let himself hold onto the warmth as long as possible.
"People ain’t perfect, love. Ain’t nothin’ what’s truly perfect in this world. They’re gonna mess up, they're gonna make mistakes. So you gotta let them fix ‘em when they make ‘em.”
“I just said, Dean, protectiveness, concern! I—” he stopped himself. He gritted his teeth and raised his hands near his head, “Damn it, Dean, it’s good that you care! Do you know what I would give to show my brothers and sisters the kind of concern that you have? The kind of importance you place on life? Do you even know—?” he stopped himself again. His arms dropped to his sides. “It’s a good thing.
Her face darkened sharply, and before he could do anything else, she spun from him and stormed out of the room.
The three of them were just coming up to the car and Dean's temporary salvation when Dean tripped— “Shit!” —and he landed—
“Oh, yes, of course,” Ketch nodded with a polite smile. “In the meantime, think I’ll have a look at your library here. You have some lovely scrolls on
version of the events of the past eight years. From the Apocalypse all the way to now, in a story full of tangents and backtracks, diversions and questions, Sam did his best to fill them in on everything he could.
Gabriel’s eyes flicked away. “Breaking his heart, duh! Dad’ll be downright Old Testament Wrathful if some asshat like Dean-o goes and breaks Cassy’s heart!”
“Oh, you know,” Sam waved it off, still chuckling, and his answer came easily, “we just ganked the ghost, no big deal.” In times like these, with easy conversation, Sam could almost ignore the necklace, almost feel like he did before he got stuck with it.
Finding himself dressed and ready well before Dean, he nominated himself to head out and pick up breakfast. When Sam left the motel room, though, he found that Cas was standing against the Impala again.
“Fighting alongside hellhounds makes my skin crawl,” Cas said, not catching what Dean was actually worried about.
Dean burst from the room, leaving the door cracked behind him and running after Cas's fading footsteps.
them from things! Well— okay,” he held up his palms, “except for that one time with the plane. But I was still trying to save My Apocalypse at that point and Sam wasn't ready to say ‘yes’ and Lucifer would have
And Dean knew, with that one motion Dean knew, he was no longer in control of this train. As of now, he was a passenger along for the ride of his life and— and oh
In a calm he hadn’t known in months, he searched the shelves for what he’d been originally looking for. He found them near the back, three things he had saved and one he had retrieved from a pile of ash an age ago. Dean took them from their box, tucked them into his pants pocket, and left the storeroom.
She spared him a glance, and couldn't help the appreciative eyebrow she raised. The man turned to face her and flashed an answering smile. She allowed her gaze to drop to his chest, and that eyebrow ticked higher.
“You know, um…” he starts, “stuff happened while you were gone. Michael helped us a little, trying to defeat Chuck—”
“—they’re like a siren in seal skin or something, but we’ll be finished with this hunt soon, alright?” Dean picked up a rifle and clipped it into a sling.
Sam soon found a beach a few minutes away and they piled into the cars. When they parked, Bris and Direl leapt out before the engines were even off. Sam hurried out and shouted after them, “Wait, at least check for people before you—” But they were over the hill already.
Sam looked down at her, still holding her from their interrupted dance, the open awe on her face drawing another smile to his lips.
take the whole of the responsibility upon himself, no matter whether he could actually bear it, that he would try, try so hard that he’d— that he would—”
The light dimmed behind the cloud and great shadows spread, a tiered set of silhouetted wings, stretching out, reaching further than any they had ever seen before.
Dean winced. “I just, um… it was too… you know, happy n’ shit.” He buried his face in his own book, though it didn’t hide the flush rising on his neck.
“Broke half our tools and nearly lost an ear,” Sam cracked, tugging at the chain and flashing her a smile.
His hand was about halfway there when he forgot what he was doing with it. He pulled it back to frown at it.
Had this always been there? His memories seemed to think so, but— shouldn't he have noticed by now? Shouldn't he have had a crush in high school, or a big tearful coming out, or a moment with someone that just made him say ‘oh’? He hadn’t had any of that and he was thirty-freakin’-eight years old!
Sam stepped forward, already moving to wrap her in his arms, to hold her tight and soothe away that look on her face that he now recognized from over a month ago when he had pulled her out of that godforsaken cage. But Rowena spun on him, stopping him from leaving the spell circle with a sharp, "Wait! The spell!"
He slammed into the door, trying the handle. Locked. He backed up to kick it in. He kicked it again. Again.
“And I should say something, too,” Jack says. “I forgive you. Not— because you told me why, I already Knew why, and honestly, the why doesn’t actually matter at all, but... because you mean it. And because you’re going to do better in the future.”
“It’s…” Sam shook his head. “It changes the song completely. I-It makes it about, like— burying someone who died, finding the right place for them, but...”
Naomi turned back, slowly, now regarding Castiel with a look that merged fury, contempt, and honest curiosity.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, guess that’s what I get for trying.” He took another swig from his beer and said nothing more.
exactly…” He glanced to the side. “Well— Maybe it is. See, it’s about Cassy,” he pointed to the left. “Well it’s about Dean,” he pointed to the right. “Well it’s about—”
Memories of those they’d lost leapt forward, chief among them those of Kelly Kline. Of her body, lying on a bed. Of her eyes, wide and staring at nothing. Sam squeezed his own eyes shut as he mentally closed hers again.
Cas, sitting against the headboard of his bed, looked up from another book. His eyes were scared and unblinking, the muscles in his neck pulled taught and the color drained from his face. "...Yes, Dean?"
The monster had him again, its teeth sinking into Dean’s shoulder and he was lost again— lost in the pain and the panic— the panic that Cas was hurt, that everyone was just behind them, that
Rowena stepped closer to her, taking careful appraisal of her. “Ah, yes,” she said, “I can see it there across your face. Your mother taught you to put everyone first before yourself, told you that your place in the world was behind everyone else, and when you protested she told you to get used to it right fast, didn’t she? ‘Because that's just the way the world is,’ she’d said. But you hated it. You chafed against it. And just look where you are now, with a man what weren’t meant for you, talkin’ to a proper witch inside a shell of a monument to the arrogance of Men. Your mother taught you that magic wasn’t for you. Magic was for
Bris looked back, apparently unaware that Sam had followed her. “Oh. No,” she jerked a thumb over at Dean, who was now on the phone, “it's your man there. Found my coat an' everythin', but, ah... well... that fell through.”
my girl…” Dean ran his hand over the dashboard. He stayed there for a moment, feathering the gas to keep the engine going as she warmed up, just enjoying her perfect purr.
Sam looked down at his chest, down at the amulet sitting there. He reached up his free hand, and slipped it easily over his head, letting it hang from his fist as he looked to her again with a truly beatific smile.
that's alright, Cas, neither do I,” Dean smiled back. A question popped to the front of his mind, joyously calling out, “Hey, whatcha wanna do, Cas?!”
They held each other close and let the regret wash over them at last. It was soothed, with touches and kisses, until it was exhausted and they were left with nothing but relief. Relief that they were finally here. Relief that they wouldn’t have to hide and wonder anymore.
“Yes?” Cas repeated, an eyebrow now raised. “He made it for me. Is the label hard to read? It’s gotten a little worn in my coat—”
Cas was grasping his beer bottle so tightly it was a wonder it hadn't shattered yet. He squeezed his eyes shut.
he stepped forward and took Dean’s shoulders again, “please promise me, lad. Promise you’ll talk to someone. Heck, the offer to talk to
When they finally arrived in the Northeastern Illinois, they decided to investigate the blood-drained bodies in Elgin first. From there this trip would be a straight shot north up the Fox River, playing connect-the-dots with all these cases up through the collar counties of the Chicago area.
is that she’s brought Crowley back!” Dean strode over to the Sam at the spell table, “She had to reach across a dimension for his body!”
“Nothing gets in here but angels and humans, Gabe, I promise. I put most of it up myself. You’re safe here.”
Leaving the knife to do its job, he went to the fridge to reward himself with a beer. “You want one?” He held one out to Bris.
Someone ran up and roughly grabbed at him, shaking his shoulders and trying to pull him up from his knees. It roused him enough to blearily look up.
“Yeah. He did. And we’re gonna kick his ass twenty different ways for this, but first we gotta find him.” Sam turned back to Gabriel, “Would you be able to take us down to Texas?”
Cas had taken the perfect seat in front of that window, lighting himself in the soft glow of the setting winter sun, and
“Look, it's nothing, okay?" he finally said. "I just— It's nothing. I have to get back to this research."
Sam stopped in the middle of the hall, having just passed Dean's door. He doubled back on what he saw and— no, he'd been right the first time, Dean was pacing back and forth, gripping his hair and grumbling under his breath, his bag half-packed on the bed.
“Well if he’s not crazy then how else do you explain why my little brother is obsessed with a human he hasn’t even done the dirty with yet!?” Gabriel tossed his hands.
Someone knocked on his door, and he didn’t need to check his phone to know that it was still ass-o-clock in the morning.
Amusement peeked through the woman’s smile. She clasped her hands before her, addressing them all again. “
This chapter is dedicated to my husband, the best editor-with-benefits in the world. The only reason you are getting any semblance of proper gun jargon, and dialogue that is about 20% less awkward, is because of him. So three cheers for my supportive hubby/editor!
Jody paused with a plate in hand and looked up at him with kinder eyes. “Right, well, let me show you, then.”
And knowing that, she did finally look down into his chest, and she saw. She saw that without a doubt, his heart belonged to another, and only one other, and she saw that it ached, that it roiled with the overwhelming pain of losing that someone.
But as she turned, she saw that the voices were coming from the house she had just left. A crowd of people in black suits was gathering,
complicated,” Sam’s eyes flashed wide. “But— I mean— I’m sorry, Bris, I should have told you right away, but it was just going to upset you—”
Castiel found himself easily able to hold his own. The way Bobby had spoken about them, he had expected so much worse from these Beings. But fighting these angels... really it was more like fighting—
Gabriel looked up to meet Sam’s gaze over the paper. “Okay, first of all: No. Second of all: like half these people aren’t even dead.”
Cas grimaced and pushed through another shrub. “Sorry,” he answered, not trusting himself with more than that.
Dean looked over at Cas. It was subtle, but the strain in his neck and the look in his eye told Dean that he was thinking the same thing.
So as it ended up, all Dean did that day was go through the archives— again— to try to find a lead on the Seal of Solomon. After hours and hours of futility, as he left the basement for the night, he solidly decided that if he never had to read another set of procedural minutes in his life, he would die a happy man.
Oblivious to or ignoring the turmoil at the other end of the table, everyone else carried on. Inas and Ballo asked them about their last hunt, and it was with somber tones that Bris and Direl recounted what they had found in Sioux Falls. They all lamented the loss of Douglas, who had kept them entertained and distracted through some of the worst times on the farm, but they wholeheartedly agreed it was for the best that he’d had to be put down.
Sam just blinked at the road. The amulet around his neck had him at least attempt an answer, “Uh… yeah, I guess not…”
“Oh. Oh, I see...” Mrs. Ike nodded up at them, opening the door fully. “Oh dear, yes... Yes, please, come in.”
After following Sam for a while, we shift to Dean’s room, where Dean is still sleeping. His room is full of empty beer bottles, old plates, clothes on the floor— the general refuse of a life in standby.
“When’s the last time we had an easy salt-n-burn, huh?” Dean had said with a grin, though Sam couldn’t help thinking it seemed strained.
Sam and Dean followed Bris down to the sharp bank. When they peered over the edge, they were greeted with a large red stain in the dirt and pieces of flesh floating in the water, slowly trailing off down the river.
Gabriel hadn’t been able to give him a good head start, the car was just too much to fly with, so Dean had been hauling ass the whole way down. Now though, he forced his hands to relax on the wheel and pulled his foot back from the gas. Getting pulled over wasn’t gonna help anything, and he didn’t have time to deal with some podunk-cop trying to meet a quota. He just… he needed to calm down.
Pamphicas - Enochian. An insult for a vile thing. (Fun fact, can be found in Dean's rib wardings, and that's canon.)
“Yeah, Death brought back a whole slew of people once just to deliver a message to us. Then they started eating people.”
That other image— seared into Dean’s mind on that beach in Washington— finally faded some, finally was pushed aside by this:
It was one of their typical broad openings, allowing Bris to decide where this started. Inas was the type that always knew just what to say, and Bris
“Dean, what the hell happened?” Sam asked, trying to keep his tone even and imploring, but the fear and frustration couldn’t be completely hidden.
"Thing is, though," they continued, a frown coming to the edge of their expression, "I didn't much like the endin’ a’ that one.
“Oh, are we jumping into soulmates already?” Gabriel smirked. “Usually this takes a little longer to come up.”
“I don’t belong out there…” Cas says. “I was a menace, a danger, everything I touched turned to ash in my fingers—”
Cas almost missed the beginning of the next possible contender. A slow and easy song, with a comforting, quiet guitar leading into a smooth, imploring singer.
“Well then, not that I don’t want to dwell on such a snuggly, heartfelt moment, but shall we get this show on the road?” Crowley turned from them and moved toward the portal, pausing as he waited for Sam and Bris to pick up their duffels.
She jumped. Bris mumbled an apology and handed Inas some of the rags next to her, her eyes never leaving the baby.
The front door burst open and Claire tumbled in with a snowy gust of wind, her cheeks rosy and her grin wide.
Cas twitched. With the urge to laugh or with concern for his reaction Dean couldn't tell. Not that it mattered, like half the shit Bris said, Dean didn’t even know what that meant.
Dean tried to remember, but he was soon confronted with a point where the record skipped— there was nothing from yesterday evening until just now. Dean must have blacked out. But Dean never blacked out. At least, he didn't remember ever blacking out. So that must have been when he'd been caught.
Alex and Patience, summoned by the noise of guests, also came down and stood at the base of the stairs. “Hey, guys,” Alex nodded. Patience waved.
He felt it before he saw it. The earth began to rumble deep beneath them, building to the point that Dean had to spread his arms to avoid being thrown on his ass. Just when he thought the whole cliff would surely collapse, the ground suddenly dipped and fractured, tearing more like a putty stretched to its limits than rock. As it opened, instead of the sucking that Dean remembered, the vacuum of noise that after all these years still haunted his dreams, scorching air blasted from the hole, vaporizing the snow around it and spraying forth gravel and rocks so that Dean had to raise an arm against it.
“Look, do we have, like, a secret handshake that we can prove ourselves with or something?” Dean snapped, clearly growing impatient.
“Oh, no-no-no,” Gabriel clutched the paper to his chest, “I’m not telling you that. That’s exactly the kind of baloney that gets all the movers and shakers upstairs tied in knots.”
Cas searched the surrounding snow as well, “You’re right. It’s as if this person was plucked right off the shoreline.”
So finally, he relented. Maybe Dean wouldn’t mind if he used some of his grace to get the layers just right, or the sheen of the gold just so, or add the veins into the petals of the flowers. Perhaps Dean would think he was just... good at it. Or maybe Dean wouldn’t notice at all.
she nodded, and stepped up to the table. "Need some help cleanin' up?" she asked, her concerns apparently sated.
yeah. God, watching you tell Rowena off like that… No wonder you’re always giving me those giddy looks.”
While Dean is still stunned, Jack and Sam go back to the table to start cleaning up the spell work. Cas pulls Dean over for a small kiss on the temple, then moves to go talk to Sam and Jack, letting his hand slide down Dean’s arm and to his hand, only letting go at the last moment.
Donna grimaced, “I ran inta one a’ those once, way up a’ways. I sure hope it’s not one of them, for your sakes.”
Dean breathed a sigh of relief and leaned back in his chair, softly singing along and letting that sharp, whining harmonica and slowly thumping drum wash over him to clear his heavy mind.
“Wait,” Crowley raised a hand. “Leave Mother of course, but just—” He stopped. His face contorted into an awful, snarling smirk. “No. Wait. I’ve got a better idea. I’ll take care of this myself.”
“Dean— Look. I-I know I’ve been... giving you your space, been letting you process everything and all, but— Look, did something happen?”
Gabriel nodded as her sentence trailed off, tipping his own cup from side to side. “Well,” he said after a bit, “you
He ran down the hill and back up another. Just as he reached the bars a scaly, clawed hand shot out and took a swipe at him.
Castiel heard the sound of someone struggling for breath behind him, and spun just in time to see the final angel fall, having been run through the stomach by Bris. A short distance away, Sam was massaging his throat, seeming to be catching his breath from an attack of suffocation by that angel.
“Alright, sorry, I’m sorry!” he pleaded with a grin, kissing her temple, and they resumed their little swaying dance.
“No...” Dean shook his head over Sam, “No, it wasn’t— That wasn’t like—” He curled lower into himself, the pain in his abdomen spreading up through his torso. *He forgave me…*
They crowded together, and with a few words and some complicated waving, Rowena shifted them somewhere else.
Dean whipped a silver knife from his belt and sprinted in, diving headfirst after Cas before Sam was even ankle deep.
“What? I know how this works,” he shrugged, keeping his hands in his pockets. “They’ll keep digging and digging until they find what they want and be a pain in my ass the entire time. Better to head it off now.”
Castiel ran toward them, retrieving his blade from the dead angel and immediately heading for the first live one he could reach. It seemed to sense he was coming, spinning to engage him immediately.
So go get some water, make sure your homework is done, did you pay that bill you meant to pay? Yeah? All good? Well okay then, off we go!
He moved off to a shelf as Bris glared daggers into his back. Sam’s arm tightened on her waist. Then she took a breath, and drew up straight.
“What?” Sam looked again to the weight he had been levitating. “What else would I do? I’ve got telekinesis.”
“Well it’s something to do with the house, right?” Dean said, answering a question Cas hadn’t asked.
but I have a vested interest in keeping you happy enough to let me stay here, so—” he took another sip, “—so frankly, I’d advise you to take advantage of it.”
Eileen scoffed, “Yeah, that would have been great to know. I didn’t exactly have a signal in Fairy Land, though.”
A scraping shriek pulled their attention skyward again, and Cas found himself frozen in witness, because now, Cas saw.
The song playing out over the bar switched to something new, and a woman’s rough voice leapt out at him:
Crowley glared at the demon, and he contemplated turning him inside out, but he was in a good mood right now, so he acquiesced. “Can’t get a moment of peace, can I? Yes, fine, I suppose I should get the basic run-down of just how terrible things have been without me. Alright, assemble the Heads of Department.” The demon bowed, but just as it was about to leave, Crowley added, “Oh, yes— There will be vacancies to fill. Go ahead and promote whoever I didn’t just kill.”
“It’s perfect,” Crowley said with finality. “This way,” he said, and pointed down what appeared to the mortals as just another hall.
Not that Dean heard it. His mind was too busy lighting with joy, his world shrinking in scope to nothing but this. He was kissing Cas, and he wanted Cas, and Cas was here, and he—
But right now Moose was getting closer, and damn, by the feeling of him, he’d been working out since their last little excursion to Hell. All the more reason not to run into him right now.
“Sorry, Cas, I just—” He turned to face Cas and found him squinting at him from the seat he’d taken, and goddammit, that was not adorable, that was
“I mean— Yeah!” Bris glared at them. “I don't get why you’re not gettin' this. What am I s'posed to do with a man what don’t need me?”
She crackled and shuddered, screaming with a voice inhuman. Light burned through her eyes, her mouth— Then she stilled, and she crumpled, and she fell, dead, to the ground.
He slid his hand up to the back of Cas’s neck, fingers threading through soft hair. “Cas…” He tried to kiss him again.
Me! I don’t have faith in anythin’, Cas, but I got faith in you. I got faith that no matter what— no matter
fail you, but we did too, so you threw us crisis after crisis, lining everything up so you could finally— So you could—"
Then somewhere along the way, Bris began humming. It was quiet, slipping under her breath at times and not really keeping to a tempo, but to Sam it was nothing short of beautiful. He could hear her smile beneath it, and it gave him another one of his own.
She rounded the corner and Sam smiled to himself, biting his lip slightly as he pulled up his browser.
He pulled back, trailing his hand up to her cheek and taking a moment just to look into those stunning, dark eyes of hers...
“I ain’t goin’ anywhere with you,” Dean said. “I’ll get down there in my own time or not at all, got it?”
She came to stand in front of Sam, her hands held behind her back, and drew herself up to her full height. She pointed at the necklace.
“Where’s Cas?” Sam peeked from behind his tree. He saw Cas shout for Direl to get to the river, take a bullet to the chest as Direl fled, and stab a charging demon through the neck. “Oh, good, he’s fine.”
“Such an assembly of power,” Baradiel continued, “did you really think you wouldn't be seen? That you wouldn't draw scrutiny? Did you really think, with a group like
He wasn’t exactly sure when it started, but now that he was following Bris’s advice to watch Dean, Cas had noticed that his behavior had changed sharply. There were the things he’d already brought up with Sam a few weeks ago, but there were new things, too. Dean was tense more often than not, he tended to snap at questions asked of him, he seemed to have given up activities like cooking entirely, and most alarmingly, Cas hadn’t heard a single reference of popular media from him in weeks.
“I’m startin’ to think Chicagoans are just allergic to good names,” Dean grumbled as they pulled into the parking lot.
“Whatever you want. Whatever you don’t,” Dean says, knowing that’s not very helpful but he’s running out of steam.
Dean returned the music to the station that had been playing before and dropped his phone on the counter with a clatter. He took up his knife once more, cutting the fruit so harshly he was liable to take a finger off.
Before Bris could answer, Sam turned the corner from the hallway that led down to the storeroom, holding a small wooden box and fiddling with a set of keys. “Alright, Cas, I got it, let’s go.”
Dean’s eyes cracked open, just a sliver, the layer of morning crust glueing his lids together separating painfully. He took a sharp breath through his nose, and it burned his throat. He grunted at that, and it hurt his head.
Gabriel entered the room, stitches now gone and Sam in tow. He took one look at Cas and his gritty face darkened.
“Bris, Bris,” Inas put a hand on her arm and squeezed their eyes shut, “I need you to slow down, darlin’.”
The lock snapped off and clattered to the floor. Sam pulled the door open and approached Gabriel in his corner, stepping slowly forward with his palms raised. But Gabriel drew back further, trembled harder, and looked up at him with pure terror in his eyes.
He hadn't heard from her in all the weeks since they had left Illinois. She had said she needed time, needed space, and Sam had been absolutely willing to give it to her.
After a rigorous lesson with Rowena and a lunch of Dean's burgers, Sam found himself at the kitchen counter, once again preparing dinner with Bris. This time their music flowed around them straight from Bris’s phone, as apparently Dean wasn’t about to part his speaker anytime soon. Not that Sam minded in the slightest, he could only be glad Dean liked the gift so much.
“Oh, yeah, for sure,” Donna nodded. “Ever since you lot turned me onto all this I’ve been gettin’ into all sorts of magic.”
“If you go in there," Cas's eyes bored into his own, "I don’t know when I’ll be strong enough again to pull you out.”
“Not a single one. Angels are many things, but they take care of their toys after death.” She smirked up at him. “Recent generations excepted, of course.”
Mary looked to Bobby. “Find Kevin a quiet place to sleep,” she said, and ducked under the tent flap before he could respond.
Their tone was far cooler when they said, “How’s aboutcha start at the start, an’ tell me what happened.”
Ballo laughed again, his eyes twinkling even in the dark. “Oh, yessir, a’course there, sir.” He gave Dean a mock-salute.
“Well alright!” Dean said a little too enthusiastically. “So how do we find ‘em and how do we kill ‘em?”
Dean and Ballo returned to find Sam just wrapping up with the selkies. Ballo rejoined the main group and Dean waited with Cas for Sam.
He lifted a hand and focused on the lock. It twitched under his concentration, bolstering his resolve. He jerked his hand down, and the lock jerked with it, and Gabriel flinched.
From her continued grin, he assumed that insult wasn’t so bad. He reached out for her hand and she took it readily.
Sam blinked as that light faded. His vision slowly returned, and he found everyone was gathered around his chair, Cas withdrawing his hand and flanked by Bris and Dean.
