This one, however, wasn't initially intended to hurt anyone. Cas had basically been clever enough to use it in such a way that it was almost an inexpensive alternative to buying ammo and stuff, and regardless of whether Cas claimed it or not, Dean thought it
"That Harvelle girl's been askin' bout you," Bobby huffed, washing his hands in the sink, and Dean looked across to the older man timidly.
It's what he hated most about the hunts. Sometimes he wouldn’t have to see the corpses for too long, but then there were days like today; where the issue had been greater than anticipated, and the inhabitants of such a place had been forced to adapt to a life that would eventually corrupt several others.
compared to the overheated unconscious state he was in, and Dean could feel the warmth expand behind his eyes as his mind ran rampant with those thoughts again, his vision going white as his lungs compressed and he found himself choking for air.
"Yes, but you're making it out to be worse than it actually is," Castiel insisted softly. "I'm always tired, Dean. This isn't anything new."
He got to his feet slowly, wandering over to where Cas lay. He stopped at the sound of Cas’s deeper breathing, dipping down to examine Castiel’s features. He hadn’t expected Cas to fall asleep – especially as fucking quickly as
Castiel hummed, his voice low and drowsy as it travelled down the line. "You don't wanna talk to me anymore?"
Dean leant against his side stiffly, their thighs brushing as Dean unfolded his bare legs to drape them over the end of the bed. "Can you just promise that you won't hunt or anything until you're better? Like, as in 'fully healed' kind of better?" He whispered, and Castiel forced a smile when he looked down at the boy, his throat feeling tight.
Anyway, with the way it was described in that specific bestiary, Dean assumed that until the gates between Heaven and Hell were opened, angels couldn't really interact with humans. They couldn't kill them, or cure them, or use any of their weird abilities to tamper with anyone's lives. Basically, from what Dean understood, they were almost as useless as the mortals themselves.
A ghost town would form, and if Castiel had made a different decision before partaking in this hunt, the majority of the population would have been saved.
He closed his eyes, letting out a sigh as he directed his Grace toward the lower part of his abdomen, dissolving the pain with his energy. He admittedly hadn't been focusing on the damage done to his body as much as he should have, and flying to the motel hadn't exactly made him stronger, but at least now he knew how much of his Grace he'd have to sacrifice to ensure his healing, even if that meant he wouldn't be able to do much at all for the next week or so. It was a much better idea than risking more pain.
Dean shuffled back nervously, knowing full well that the angel was dangerous, even if he'd promised not to try and hurt him. This was something he wasn't used to, and until Castiel did a little more than simply relax himself, Dean didn't know what to do. The whole brightness thing was starting to put him on edge because it was far more intense than before, which meant that Castiel was essentially stronger than he'd been yesterday. He could probably overpower Dean easily now that he had his strength back.
"But we don't need to! Are you even listening to me?" The demon blurted. "I can't believe you'd risk getting us killed when we have a solution like
Admittedly, the majority of his decision had been based off how he currently felt in terms of his well-being, but considering how long he'd been hunting for, he'd kind of screwed up his priorities. For the longest time he'd been putting money first; saving as much as possible and spending the bare minimum required to keep himself alive, and it wasn't until he'd noticed just how much his Grace had weakened over the years that he realised he couldn't keep going like that.
Castiel continued to observe the boy, watching the way his free hand clenched into a fist at his side, that same phrase repeated again: “Yes, sir.”
They shouldn’t even be risking something like this if it meant no one could look after Sam. His dad was being fucking ridiculous.
“Right, well, apparently I’ve got your attention anyway, so while I do, I wanna apologise for everything that happened before. I was … I was pissed off at my Dad, and I took my anger out on you, even though you hadn’t done anything wrong,” the demon continued, making more doubts twist with Castiel’s worry. He was struggling to understand exactly what was going on. It was like the earlier events were repeating themselves and he was being encouraged to believe yet more lies – lies from someone whose appearance was equally suspicious as the words he spoke.
He glanced around curiously, trying to recognize the store they'd moved to. He was surprised no one had noticed their sudden appearance in the frozen foods section, and he wondered if anyone had noticed their disappearance from the other place - more so because of the food they'd ended up stealing. It truly did make Castiel uncomfortable, but this was the one occasion when it didn't seem to matter. There was no risk of him being caught for something that would have usually been difficult, and he hadn't exactly been given a choice as to whether or not he was happy to go along with it.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, but you managed to do that pain relief thing yesterday without me taking the ring off, so I’m not sure how strong the spell actually is.”
“Well, I’m alive,” Bobby said stiffly, and Dean let himself smile, even if his nerves caused his expression to twist two seconds later. Bobby cleared his throat, and Dean immediately sat up straighter.
It almost felt wrong to be here now too. It seemed like everyone else in this place was easily over the age of forty, and while Dean appreciated finally being treated more like an adult, he didn't feel all that comfortable here. He wasn't typically an anxious person but he found himself feeling more self-conscious in this kind of environment than he usually did elsewhere.
He felt himself relax further when Dean’s shoulder aligned with his own, and they were lying side-by-side on the narrow mattress, surprisingly not too warm with both a comforter and another person’s body heat impacting Castiel’s temperature in the poorly air-conditioned room.
Dean really was starting to believe it was down to nothing but racism now: the whole angel-blood-cure ideal. Cas had been ... he'd sort of become bitter when Dean had addressed Cas's heritage - not that Dean blamed him for the reaction or anything. He'd kinda known from the moment he'd asked that it would be a sensitive subject, but he'd been hoping Cas would go into it a little more, what with him suddenly being okay to talk and all.
Dean stopped pacing when he found himself in the study for what felt like the hundredth time, his shadow running gently over the piles of books near the fireplace. He could feel the rough edges curl beneath his touch, the pages fluttering slightly as he made his way closer to them.
He managed to get Cas on the bed first time, but Dean himself hit the edge of the mattress with his knees, toppling back and smacking his head on the corner of the motel table with the transition. Everything came bubbling to the surface as the pain shot down his spine, and he gasped for air as he rocked forward into a fetal position, tears stinging his eyes.
Dean pursed his lips, looking at the ceiling. He didn't exactly want to come off as clingy - although he wouldn't be surprised if that was already Castiel's impression of him - but he wanted to check in and make sure everything was alright.
The thought of hunting by himself actually scared him quite a lot. Even looking after Cas the other week had freaked him out, and he definitely didn't feel ready to take down swarms of creatures without his dad to watch his back. He didn't understand how Cas actually managed to work alone, more so when he got the impression that Castiel had been working alone for a long time. The guy had even said as much; that he'd been hunting for 'long enough'. Considering Cas was only in his mid-twenties it was really depressing to think that the angel had to rely on hunting to keep himself alive. The whole industry was pretty fucked in that way; being payed a shitty wage to put your life on the line. Dean wasn't even sure how much hunters made, but his dad had made it clear on several occasions that they earned the bare minimum.
“You reopened my wound,” Castiel snarled, leaning down to make his words heard as he tried to appear more intimidating. He was still struggling with his breathing, and the entirety of his lower back was dampened with blood, the bandages sticking to his skin unpleasantly and making him cringe, but he ignored the disgusting sensation, attempting to focus his Grace on the pain. It would take a while before he’d be able to fly home afterwards, but healing himself was far more important. He didn’t want to die of blood loss on his way back – then his journey would have been all for nothing, seeing as he had thought he was going to die here.
Cas was great. Like, awesome. He was a nice enough guy and Dean liked talking to him - but that was normal, right? Liking someone for being nice?
The thought of spending time with Cas in a more casual environment had his chest feeling tight though. That night they'd hung out at the motel had been great, and even though
He hummed in response, cocking his head to the side as the demon began to fumble a little. "The majority do. It's rare for a demon to meet me and not pass a comment on what I am, or what my use
Sure, there probably were still some fucking terrible angels out there, but the same could be said for both demons
Dean couldn't ever imagine falling out with Sam completely. Like, their relationship was the one thing Dean would always try his best to protect. He knew Sam's boundaries, and even when he did go over the top with the teasing and they fell out for a few days, it was never damaging. It was easy to fix.
Still, as the evening rolled around, the thought of that injury continued to plague him. Dean had spent an hour or so researching the healing process for similar cases, but everything he’d come across related to wounds that had received some form of medical treatment in a hospital first.
And now he was stabbing Castiel in the back after feigning a bond similar to that of respect between them.
“… it’s important that you tell me if you’re okay or not – especially when I can do something to help,” the demon was mumbling, and Castiel finally paid attention to what was being said, having not even realised the demon had been talking to him in the first place. The boy was looking down as if attempting to spy out Castiel’s injury, not even attempting to be subtle about it, and Castiel pulled the clothing closer around him in order to make it harder for the fabric to be raised. He didn’t want to show anyone his injuries, let alone someone as freakish and disturbing as the boy. Not when they could only do more harm than good.
It had gotten to the point that, during their conversations, Castiel had actually found himself forgetting that Dean was part-demon at all. The only real concern Castiel had with that was that he shouldn't be putting his guard down just because the boy seemed nice, but with their last conversation especially he'd found it a challenge to not humour the kid for a while. Castiel may not have talked about his most recent plans to regain his strength, but he'd spoken about certain things he did in his spare time to occupy himself. Sure, he temporarily found himself the subject of ridicule for talking about his craftsmanship, but there was nothing malicious about Dean's teasing. Castiel certainly hadn't felt like that was the case anyway.
“I-I’m fine, Dean. Please give me a moment,” came the reply, and Dean was surprised to hear something like glee in the angel’s tone. Castiel hadn’t exactly looked excited when he’d left the room, but maybe Dean was just really shit at reading him when he couldn’t see the changes to his irises.
Castiel broke his wrist free from Dean's grip abruptly, snatching the antiseptic wipe as he did so. "I require upon my Grace for flight, strength, ability
But he had more important things to think about because he'd heard everything Bobby had said and he was more confused than ever.
The demon stopped trying to rip open the packet, looking up again with a furrowed brow and confusion reading all over his face. "Hey, you know your Grace; is that the thing that gives your blood healing properties? Dad said it was just the blood in general, but ..." The demon held up his hands, showing the blood that had rubbed off on his palms. "It hasn't done anything."
I got a bit drunk with mum tonight so I hope the last part of the chapter reads okay because I wrote more than I was meant to and am too messy to check spelling etc rn
Castiel clambered into the car, mindful of his back as he rested against the seat again, taking a few deep breaths before turning the keys.
"How we doing this exactly?" Dean asked, stepping into the touch until Castiel's grip loosened. "Is there anywhere you feel comfortable letting me take you?"
The angel was in there for a while, and Dean found himself growing more anxious with every passing minute. He shuffled back on the bed so that he was resting against the headrest, crossing his legs and using his shadow to draw the comforter back over the lower half of his body.
"Or rather, you kept getting distracted. I was prepared to answer any questions you had," Castiel pointed out, cringing as his stomach rumbled. He reached out an arm to rummage through the basket, not really caring if anything fell over the side onto the countertop, to grab one of the bags of apples and pull them closer, taking one out after fiddling around with the loose knot he'd made at the top.
His stomach let out a low growl as he opened his eyes again and he cringed, his head thumping back against the metal of the car door in annoyance. Should have grabbed the plate before he left, especially if he planned on avoiding Bobby for the day.
The older man didn't strike up a conversation immediately which kind of made Dean feel a little awkward. He wasn't all that comfortable sitting in silence to begin with, but the prolonged pause brought with it a sense of unease, something that had him regretting the small amount of food he'd already eaten.
“Unlike your kind, angels don’t kill for pleasure,” Castiel retorted, locking eyes with the boy as he stepped closer to the edge of the fire. The flames were hot, warning him to keep his distance, but the demon looked at him threateningly – eyes filled with distrust. “Capturing me for your own selfishness is the reason why I would kill you.”
"Fucking hell," he whispered to himself, pushing a hand through his hair before reaching for his bag. He sat cross-legged with his back to the wall, his laptop resting comfortably on his knees, and his duffle to his side in case he needed his charger later on.
of skill to make an image look that genuine, and given Castiel’s age and profession, he doubted that the angel had the skill set required to piece together a fake photo. Christ, even Dean wouldn’t be able to photoshop something like that and he’d been doctoring IDs and search warrants for his dad since he was eleven.
This was another look Dean hadn't seen on him before but he couldn't exactly place what it was, especially when Cas almost refused to look at him outright, his long fingers reaching out to toy with the change he'd left on the machine. Dean could all but watch, pretty much enthralled by every slight move Castiel made.
"Are you gonna be okay walking home through a forest with all your groceries and stuff, Cas?" Dean questioned teasingly, and Castiel sighed, pretending he couldn't feel the shadow touch at the base of his calf again.
“Fuck,” he sighed to himself, tossing the bestiary to the table behind him before slowly getting to his feet. He leant down to press a palm to the centre of Cas’s chest, still able to feel the angel’s fever through his shirt, along with his gentle heartbeat. He probably held his hand there for longer than necessary, staring down at Castiel’s relaxed expression.
"Well, at least you got my name right that time around," Castiel muttered, plucking the comic from Dean's hand. Dean considered objecting, but in all honesty, he didn’t really care. Watching Castiel’s facial expressions change whilst his eyes skimmed over the front cover was enough to entertain him anyway.
"I didn't think he and dad even got along anymore," Dean muttered, scratching his forehead. There weren't many hunters John had fallen out with, given how highly respected he was in the community. Alastair was a complete and utter dick though, constantly stirring shit to cause a scene, so it was pretty surprising to hear that John was willing to work with him again. "But a dead bunny, huh? That's new," Dean continued, running the rest of Sam's premonition through his thoughts.
That frustrated Castiel. He hated having to be sat down doing nothing for long periods of time, and he truly didn’t want Dean doing everything for him when he was more than capable of fulfilling the task himself.
He'd thought she was cute since he first met her, but obviously, her curt approach to small talk in the past had led Dean to be less forward. The last few times they'd hung out hadn't been too bad, but she was pretty closed off, and usually with Bobby around it was a hell of a lot harder to get her to talk at all.
“Don’t you dare go back to sleep, Dean!” Castiel called over his shoulder as he filled a glass from the tap. “The sooner we go, the better.”
He ran the faucet again, ducking forward to catch the water between his lips, swilling it around his mouth and spitting the tainted water into the basin before repeating it again, wanting to remove as much of the bitter taste as possible.
Dean crouched down to pet the dog on the head when it came rushing back over, murmuring a 'good boy' before he threw the ball again. He straightened up, pursing his lips as he stretched, looking up at the sky. He didn't know how long it'd take before it'd get properly dark out here, but he could remember the last time he and Sam had been stupid enough to let the dog run loose in the dark and he didn't want to end up crawling beneath a goddamn car to try and persuade Rumsfeld that it wasn't the safest place to sleep.
my dad worked in a bakery. It was that or some cafe. He'd come home with leftover pastries, and he always smelled like bread, but I don't know," Castiel shrugged, letting out a sigh. "It was years ago. I don't remember it that much."
But, Dean didn't exactly know how much of this was actually reliable. To him, with the way everything was recorded, he couldn't say for certain if angels had contributed information toward the books as fact. He kind of doubted they had, given that the less information people had on them, the safer they'd be.
Castiel blinked at him. "It's fine," he stated honestly, trying to place the expression on Dean's face. He looked slightly distressed, but Castiel wasn't sure as to why that would be the case. "I understand why you're being wary, Dean, but just know I wouldn't do anything to hurt you," he continued in order to try and put the boy at ease. "You're too nice."
Castiel forced himself up onto his elbows no matter how much it pained him, opening his eyes to glare at the boy.
"Y-yes," the boy responded quickly. "And, uhhh, thank you for helping me. I hope you feel better soon."
“I got no idea,” the older man stated, wiping his hand on his jeans as he straightened up. “Must be some kind of infection.”
But it was far more expensive, and it was very rare for Castiel to spend all of his wages solely on food when there were other essentials things he needed for survival. No, he had to save as much as possible should he ever be out of work.
Not that Castiel had always listened, but that wasn't something he particularly wanted to think about at this moment in time.
it was a smile - before snapping his fingers to make the restraints return. Castiel couldn't help but notice how loose they were in comparison to the pair he wore earlier, wide enough for Castiel to be able to twist his hands free should he choose to do so, but he was determined not to show his gratitude, letting his arms hang down as he glanced back to the floor. He didn't want to thank a child for something so simple when their intent was actually murder, and regardless: Castiel hadn't requested the change in size, so he could quite easily brush it off and claim he hadn't noticed.
As if sensing there was a lot more to that story that didn’t need to be told, Daryl returned his gaze to Baby.
Dean’s laughter came from right down in the very core of his being and he brought Cas’ hand up to his lips.
“Do you hear me complaining, angel? I don’t believe you did, in fact; a tip of the hat to you for your skills”. He kissed his husband’s fingers lovingly as his eyes returned to the cars in front of them.
The two hot-rodders were still feeling brave, despite their arguments being obliterated. Having exhausted their intellectual capacities, they turned to their only other resource. While the taller one had backed away as Cas spoke, he now stepped forward and swung at him. It had indeed been over a year since Cas lost his angel grace, but he still maintained some of the reflexes of his former self. He swiftly took a step back and blocked the punch with his elbow. The man’s fist connected with the bony part of Cas’ forearm and with the weight of the former angel behind it, caused it to shatter on impact. His yelp of pain was animalistic, rousing the crowd.
As Castiel reached the top of the little hill, he stopped and put his hand in his pockets, surveying the lake. He was barefoot and his dark blue jeans were just a fraction too long. His black t-shirt fit in all the right places, the v neck accentuating the promises that chest held.
“Yep” Dean barely looked up as he and Daryl animatedly debated the virtues of the inline 6 cylinder engine as compared to the big block V8.
Dean’s mind was racing in a hundred different directions at once. He knew that Cas was still a bit confused about appropriate behaviour. His pure heart believed that all love should be celebrated and still didn’t understand certain pockets of society’s rampant hatred of their love. While it was true that Cas was as old as time himself, he hadn’t been human long in the grand scheme of things. As such, he would take Dean’s lead in matters of social propriety. Dean had seen his face earlier, however, and it had broken his heart a little bit how quickly Cas had masked his genuine disappointment.
Cas had been properly human for over a year now, but he still failed to understand the devastating effect of the summer sun on his white skin. Dean called him over to the beach umbrella he had set up beside the car and handed him the sunscreen.
At first the smaller of the two men looked shocked. Then an unformed rage crossed his face, contorting it into something even more hideous. He looked at Cas in shock, then at Eileen and Sam.
Emblazoned across the top of the windshield were the four words that made them stop in their tracks. “Blow tyres. Not dudes”.
“Then my son happened. No, he’s not gay, apparently I ‘raised him right’” Daryl’s use of air quotes made the other two chuckle.
“He did, but it may as well have been me. I taught his father everything he knew. Taught him to hate his own child”. Cas opened his mouth to speak, but Daryl dismissed it with a wave.
Cas drew his breath in sharply as the kisses increased in vigour. “An angel can hope”. A brief pause in kisses as Dean responded. “So, there’s a bed in this cabin, is there?”
His phone informed him that the temperature had cracked 100 degrees, so Cas headed towards the tinny music emanating from the food trucks, hoping for something frozen and sweet. A line of garish hot rods led towards the food, so he paused occasionally to look. His attention was focused on a particularly horrendous neon green street rod when a pair of arms snuck around his waist. Cas gasped in fright until he realised who the arms were attached to. Spinning around he lifted his sister-in-law in a generous hug, her feet pointing up to the sky like a dancer.
“Yes, the Bible. That hotch-potch collection of stories written over the period of a thousand years, collated in the least scientific fashion possible, by a bunch of people who couldn’t prove authorship or authenticity, and who believed that the sun revolved around the earth”.
“Yes Dean, I remember” Cas replied as he pulled his blue t-shirt over his head. “I led garrisons of angels in Heaven’s wars, and I remembered the name of every one. I do have a functioning memory”.
Cas felt his eyes glaze over as the two petrol-heads dived into a discussion of suspension and steering columns and relative cubic inch measurements. He stood up after a few moments and patted Dean on the knee.
Cas chuckled into his coffee cup. “Dean and I… well let’s just say we know a little about fathers and their teachings. We’ve both had to unlearn some major things, so we understand”.
In one swift movement, Dean’s arms were around Cas, lifting him off the ground. One hand was under the angel’s leg while the other held up that spectacular ass.
“Dammit Cas. We need to work on our communication.” A sad little laugh as he gestured within the space between them. “What you did for Jack… It was the only option you had. You gave your life for him. Do you know how many times I did that for Sammy? What I’m mad about is that you didn’t tell me. What you did… I would have done the same. What I’m saying is that you should have come to me. We would have found a way to get you out of it. There’s always a way.”
It was almost 10 before the two men pulled into their allocated spot, and they quickly set to work on making Baby presentable. The Chevrolet section of the display arena was by far the largest, but there was not another Impala comparable to Dean’s Baby. Despite her years, the old girl sparkled and shone, a testament to the care and love she had received, especially in the weeks leading up to the Woodward Dream Cruise.
Above the rumble of more engines than he had ever seen in one place, Dean struggled to make himself heard.
“I mean he was, for a long time. Now he’s my husband. Name’s Dean Winchester. This is Cas.” He stretched his other hand out to shake the old man’s.
“Sorry for what, Dean? Sorry for turning up here so soon? Sorry for squandering your twilight years on carelessness? Sorry for being so reckless that you ended up dead on a piece of rebar?” There was the faintest suggestion of steel in Cas’ voice in the last few words as he turned his head slightly towards Dean.
“Cas I didn’t want to live anymore” This is it, this is your chance. For Jack’s sake, you know he loves you. He flat out told you, and it killed him. He gave his life for you, the least you can do it pony up and tell the truth.
“Oh wow. This tastes like the first beer I ever shared with my dad. It’s crap”. Poetic, indeed. The bad taste the beer left in his mouth made It seem that Jack the Almighty was not quite done teaching him some valuable lessons.
Two miles. Dean’s mind raced through a thousand possibilities as he stood up. Could he run two miles? How long does it take to walk there? Are there cars in Heaven? What if he’s mad. What if he’s like REALLY pissed that I’m here a month after The Empty took him? Has it been a month here? What if it’s been millennia here? I should have said something to him. Perhaps I should have prayed to him, or to Jack…
After rustling around in the back of the Beauville, Daryl returned with a rainbow topped pamphlet, handing it to Cas.
His hands flew to Castiel’s waist, holding on as if his life depended on it. After a few seconds he found himself with his arms wrapped around that waist, as he was no longer able to stand of his own volition. Cas’ kiss was simultaneously soft and fierce; loving and desperate; sacred and filthy. Dean’s hands travelled up the angel’s back, grasping at the back of his shoulders as twelve years of longing was released. Exploring each other’s mouths was like coming home, while Dean’s hands scrambled for purchase on Cas’ shirt and shoulders. They kissed for eons, before finally coming up for air.
Giddy as a schoolgirl again, he released one hand from the angel’s grasp and turned towards the car, pulling Cas along with the other.
“Oh, Dean. I should have explained that too. I’m so sorry”. Cas looked genuinely upset at his apparent inability to make himself clear. Turning to Dean, he took both hands again, caressing them with his thumb.
“Hmm” Cas replied. “It was pretty difficult to get you out of bed this morning, so I can understand if it takes Eileen a while to get them here”.
Cas was not a particularly verbose individual, but the combination of shock and confusion rendered him speechless. He turned his head towards Dean with an unrivalled expression of utter confusion.
Dean’s heart sank as he looked at Cas, then off into the distance as the family left at speed. Before Cas could open his mouth to speak, the two of them heard an innocent voice from the departing family.
“Steady on, son” Bobby comforted, seeing the alarm on Dean’s face. “Lookit” as he gestured beyond the end of the porch. The sight of the Impala took his breath away. She was almost the same as he remembered her, but somehow, she glowed, faintly. Her tyres were shinier than he had ever seen, and the glass appeared clearer, more precise. It was as if life was a bright glaring day and now Dean was viewing things through polarised lenses. He chuckled to himself. “Hey Baby, how’s Uncle Bobby been treating you?”.
His eyes rested on Castiel’s feet for a moment, and then wandered northwards. What was it about Heaven that stripped away one’s filters? One’s internal defence mechanisms? Shocking himself, Dean’s next thought was focused on how the angel was wearing the hell out of those blue jeans. His gaze trailing upwards, he admired the shape of Cas’ legs and further up still… that ass. How on earth has he managed to hide that heavenly ass all this time? Dean made himself blush at the thoughts that ass prompted. Further up still, the black t shirt curved and stretched over a surprisingly muscular back and those shoulders… Dean stopped to catch his breath. The push of his hands deep into his pockets caused Cas’ arm muscles to flex, and Dean found himself wanting to touch the angel’s triceps, to feel if they were really carved from wood as they appeared to be. Finally, Dean allowed himself to gaze upon the face. That face that wept for him, that fell for him, that died for him. The gentle wrinkles around his eyes were engaged as Cas squinted into the bright afternoon sun. The bed hair was a little longer and a little messier than Dean remembered, and a few grey hairs at the temple spoke of the angel’s enduring humanity. Dean noticed his facial expression had changed. Cas held a sad smile on his face which, not for the first time, Dean couldn’t read. Was he glad to see him? Was he mad? Was he going to reject him? Was it just too late for Dean?
Whether it was Jack, or Cas, or one of the lesser angels they had on their books; the roads were magnificent. The corners were canted precisely, and it appeared that the Heavenly Impala had significantly better rear suspension than its Earthly equivalent. Whoever had calculated the camber of Heaven’s roads was surely an engineering genius. Or perhaps Heaven had seconded some of its more experienced motorists to the task. Whatever the case was, the two miles flew past.
Without a trace of malice or ill-feeling, Dean replied. “Well you can consider yourself relieved of that position. I died, and now we’re here. You’ve got to trust me from now on ok?”. He took his left hand and gently placed it on Cas’ chin, lifting his face back up again. Once their eyes were on each other again, the hand moved slightly. Fingers traced the line of the angel’s jaw before coming to rest on his neck, thumb stroking his cheek from lip to ear. Dean’s heart beat triple time at the thrill of finally touching that face. And those eyes, those impossibly bluer than blue eyes. A man could live a thousand lifetimes before he saw something so beautiful. A moment passed and he felt the fingers on his right hand become untangled as Cas mirrored his gesture and cradled Dean’s face as if it was precious porcelain. Seconds or years flew by as the two of them stood there, drinking each other in.
“Cas, I hate it too. I just… I just want to show off my car, and see some cool stuff, and not get hate-crimed. I wish we lived in a world where I could kiss my husband at a car show, but I don’t think we’re there yet”.
“Daryl, you are a good man” Dean declared as he pocketed the pamphlet “You have more than made up for your past mistakes”.
“He was pretty vague, they flew in last night about the same time we arrived, so I guess whenever they can drag themselves out of bed”.
“I just… what did I do to deserve you. You’re a literal angel, and I… well, I’m just a hunter who got himself killed”.
Upon comprehending the message, Cas was unsure of his next action. The unexpected support from Daryl was only moments past, so he felt emboldened to make a comment on this casual piece of homophobia. However, both Daryl and Dean were several hundred yards away. He sat on a knife’s edge.
Daryl continued “Church on Sundays, men work outdoors, women work indoors. Men are men, and they certainly don’t love other men. I was raised to believe that was an abomination against God”.
“Momma lookit, its like Grampa’s car!”. The small red-haired girl looked about 7 or 8 and she pulled her mother by the hand towards where Dean sat under his umbrella.
As Cas spoke, the crowd grew. The characteristic petrol-heads were interspersed with families, groups of teens, and a surprising number of middle-class couples.
“No, not remotely” Cas replied, gesturing at Eileen. “Its just my sister-in-law was wondering why the two pastimes outlined there need be mutually exclusive”.
“Don’t you crash that car now cos you’re too busy crying. This might be heaven, but she’ll still get dent”. Bobby’s attempt to cover up the crack in his gruff exterior failed miserably as Dean pulled him in for a hug. He may have spent his life in denial, and the last 12 years of it ignoring the thing he truly wanted, but the boy knew how to pour heart and soul into a hug. He held Bobby tight until the old man’s gravelly voice spoke up again.
“Cas, that was never the life for me, and you know it. You knew what I was made of. You knew how my life began; you must have known how it was going to end”.
The taller of the two hot-rodders took a threatening step towards Cas, drawing himself up to his full height. Unfortunately for him, he was well short of Cas’ six feet, so was forced to tip his head up to meet Cas’ eye. He jutted out his jaw in an attempt to compensate for his reduced stature.
“Yes ma’m, she is. Got her from my father about 20 years ago, and have looked after her ever since.”
Dean lifted his lips from Cas’ shoulder. “Damn, you thought of everything. I love it. But what do you mean you have to stay with me?”
But then there was the issue of safety. The motoring world was not renowned for being a socially progressive community, and they needed to keep themselves safe. How far does a man go? Where does he draw the line between being true to himself and being sensible? Between physical safety and emotional safety? Between showing the world that love takes many forms, and picking his battles? It was not a debate easily settled but there was something about the way the old man spoke up that made Dean lean towards a leap of faith.
“You could have had another 40 years. You could have settled down, had a family, got a normal job. Done normal human things”.
“We got a really good coffee as soon as we got here, I’ll show you later” Cas watched the exchange fondly as he spoke. “Have you seen Dean?”
“Dean! Stop.” The crowd parted to make way for Daryl. The hot-rodder on the ground looked appealingly at the old man as he cradled his broken hand, but was ignored.
The awkwardness Dean felt was at odds with the scenery. It was almost too much, so he channelled his inner naughty schoolboy and looked at the ground instead.
Somehow the knowledge that Bobby knew; that Bobby understood, and that Bobby was actively gunning for him in this moment made Dean’s eyes fill with tears.
In the grand scheme of things, 41 is still pretty young but given the less than gentle life Dean had lived, he had more than his fair share of aches and pains. It was pleasant to get out of the low car without the usual creaks in his knees and hips echoing the creak in the car door.
“You raised me from hell. You rebuilt me, body and soul. You heard my prayers. You know me inside out, and yet you go and say that the one thing you want, you can’t have. If you hadn’t made that deal, we could be living the dream.”
“Because sometimes love isn’t enough, Dean. I made a deal to save my son’s life. I put his life and his happiness ahead of my own. And ahead of yours. And I would do it again”.
The brief distraction of the message meant that Cas missed the appearance of the hot rod’s owner. A short, scrawny man had emerged from the crowd, his pale skin already reddening in the sun. Mousy brown hair tufted from under his dirty trucker hat, and his black jeans sat low on his skinny body.
The hot sun beat down on the family as they passed the last of the hot rods and lined up for snow cones, debating what flavour they thought Daryl would like.
“Oh, nothing, just a joke… my wife…” Sam struggled to compose himself as a fresh burst of giggles struck.
“No but I think Buddy is about to explode! We’d better clear off so he can wash the gay off his car”.
“He did, Dean. He really did” replied Cas with a smile as he linked the fingers of his left hand between those of Dean’s right. With only his left hand free on the steering wheel, Dean outstretched his fingers to admire his own gold ring: the blue line of his the only difference between the two.
Dean dropped him back on his feet, and this time it was his turn to initiate a kiss. Impossibly, it was charged with as much electricity as the first. Dean felt himself become light-headed as small noises escaped Cas’ mouth.
“Not long”, replied Eileen, sticking to her first language. “Long enough to wait 20 minutes for a really shitty coffee”.
The bottle green leaves of the alpine forest across the lake reached down to clear, sparkling waters, the far shore of which appeared to be several miles from where Dean climbed out of the car.
“I assume you don’t mean our usual danger? Monsters and demons?” he replied, his characteristic head tilt made comical by the stripe of sunscreen down his nose.
“Dean? I think we upset the bigots”. His gravelly voice broke the tense silence of the crowd, prompting first one, then many to break into surprising applause. The wave of support washed over the two as they watched the sorely outnumbered bigots turn away.
“I think you will find that the original meaning of ‘faggot’ is a bunch of sticks. I certainly don’t identify as one of those” Cas chuckled at his own cleverness before continuing. “I am certainly not ok with ‘dudes’ blowing my husband, that right is mine and mine alone”. Sam’s visible cringe at the mention of his brother’s sexual activities earned a chuckle from his wife.
After a pause that felt like a million years, Cas let out a breath and turned to Dean. Perhaps it was the Heavenly setting, but his eyes had never been bluer. They tore right through to Dean’s soul and he let out the smallest of gasps.
A wave of shame, regret, frustration, and sadness washed over Dean as he thought of the countless missed opportunities that had passed them by on Earth.
“You’re an idiot”. Dean took another step closer, his right hand reaching for Castiel’s left one, as if of its own accord.
“I think we might be there now” Cas whispered to Dean as he dropped his head to the other’s shoulder.
Bobby’s eyebrows shot up to his old trucker cap. “It’s a big new world out there. You’ll see”. Unspoken were the words Dean needed the old man to say, but he heard them anyway.
With a soft nip, he completed his exploration of Cas’ neck. He released his arms and spun him around so they were facing each other again.
“It was hard, but worth it. I can’t believe that a God who created Heaven and Earth could damn a child for loving someone. You keep all that learning inside you, and its hard to get it out”.
Eileen showed him and Sam responded by practicing a few times, earning him an affectionate hand on his cheek.
Cas turned around to face the lake, so that Dean stood behind him. Dean put his arms around the angel’s waist again and pressed his lips to his shoulder. With one hand on Dean’s, Cas pointed off to the left side of the lake, beyond the car-park and the beach-side bar, as he began to speak.
“I’m just saying, Dean, that we should raise the bar. Not getting hate-crimed isn’t enough. We need to live in a world where we’re not only tolerated, but accepted.”.
The mother grinned as she watched Dean try to keep his cool while the little girl poked her sticky fingers over Baby’s chrome.
Dean looked confusedly at his husband as he led him over to the flame-adorned hot rod. Their movement caught the crowd’s eye and the applause faded. Cas pulled Dean’s hand and spun him around, leaning him against the hot rod where he took his face in his hands.
The line to the display arena stretched out so far that the cars at the front of the stationery queue appeared to waver in the morning sun. Detroit was not particularly renowned for its heat, but Motown had brought out the big guns for the world’s biggest classic car cruise.
The old man continued: “You can’t enter a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent, its just not fair”.
Dean sipped his beer as he waited for a response. His stomach churned at the prospects running through his mind, but there was a sense of comfort knowing that Bobby was on his side.
Smiling, Cas caught Buddy’s eye before leaning in and delivering a passionate kiss to his husband. The crowd erupted in applause again, unbeknownst to the two leaning against the driver’s side door, lost in their embrace.
Dean laughed self-consciously as he shoved his hands deep into his pockets, unsure what direction to guide this conversation in.
“Dean Winchester, I died for you. I defied Heaven, multiple times. I rebuilt you from the depths of Hell, I have healed you, and saved your life more times that you can count. I have stood with you against my father, my brothers, and my sisters, and you ask me if a kiss was worth the wait? Let me tell you this: I would do it all again”. His voice dropped to almost a whisper at the last phrase.
“No dumbass, you broke your hand. Stop being such a baby and get up. There’s a first aid tent that way.”
The smaller man made to leap at Cas, his arms flailing, but he found himself instead confronted by six foot two of retired hunter with a large, strong hand on his throat.
The two of them chuckled good-naturedly and the woman glanced down at Dean’s wedding ring, glinting in the sun.
“Turns out we do live in a world where you can kiss your husband at a car show. And on a bigot’s car, nonetheless”.
It was Cas who finally broke the silence. “I trust you Dean. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you, and I’m sorry you died so young. But I would be lying if I said I was sorry you were here with me. I’m not sorry about that”.
Then, turning his focus onto the hot-rodder, Dean snarled “What the fuck did you say about me you neanderthal piece of shit? Was it that we shouldn’t be allowed in public? That we were perverting the nation? That we were gaying up your car show?” a smirk crossed his face. “I dunno man, I fuck my husband every damn night, and even I think the flames on your car are pretty gay”.
Another millennia passed before Cas broke the kiss. Gasping for breath, he opened his eyes to gaze upon Dean’s kiss-swollen lips.
“Cas I think this queue might be moving soon”. The former angel untangled his fingers from Dean’s and reached closer, running his fingers down his cheek and neck.
Dean glared at him in a rather pathetic attempt at a foul look. Within seconds, however, his face cracked into a grin and he reached his hand out. As Cas reached to meet it, the late August sun caught the thin green line within his wedding ring, and Dean held it up to admire it.
Despite the beauty and joy of the drive there, Dean’s nerves were frayed by the time he rounded the last turn, and the lake came into view. What was he going to say? How would he be greeted? He pulled into the carpark and sat for a minute, collecting his thoughts. This was the chance he had been waiting for since that day in the bunker. “Pull yourself together Winchester. This is Cas. You know he loves you, and you know you love him. Now go and get him”.
“No. I'm tired and have no interest in talking to you,” Castiel sighed, tipping his head back so it rested against the cupboards. He’d hardly gotten any sleep before and his back was burning again. He really was starting to consider cleaning the wound whilst he remained here, just to make things less painful. “And you still haven’t phoned whoever it was to arrange tomorrow. I’d prefer it if you didn’t leave such a task until last minute.”
Bobby seemed to halt in the doorway, so Dean's shadow retreated from beneath the older man's feet, twisting around the legs of his wooden chair to keep himself grounded. It wasn't that he was scared of talking, or that he was angry. He wanted to be confident where he usually wasn't around the parental figures in his life.
He imagined that it hadn’t been intentional. That blast would have turned Dean to ash if he’d stayed for half a second longer, and there had only been about three vamps left to handle by the time Dean had tapped out. Given that he’d heard Cas take care of them, he could assume the light definitely wasn’t used to get rid of any remaining creatures, but it was worrying. Castiel hadn’t … he hadn’t looked well in those last few moments, and surely if he’d just worn himself out from fighting he wouldn’t have exerted so much energy turning himself into a bomb straight after.
He didn't fucking get it. He had so many questions. There was obviously a lot of stuff to do with his heritage that had been kept from him, but he couldn't get that image of the sigil out of his head. He didn't know why it was so fucking iconic, but he'd definitely seen it several times before.
"But ... that took like five seconds!" Dean blurted, and Castiel smiled feebly, opening his eyes to look down at the fading black veins in his wrist.
unreadable. Dean was just a little surprised that something as simple as getting the guy some groceries was enough to put him in good spirits and instigate the change.
“So what happens in the dream then?” Dean questioned, swinging his legs over the side of the bed to sit up properly because he was pretty much
Although, he did feel oddly pleased when the demon spoke up again; even if the chosen topic was one Castiel would have preferred to have avoided for a while longer, if only to avoid making Dean aware of just how ignorant Castiel was for his age.
He looked to the bracelet, twisting it around his wrist as he examined it for any weaknesses. He recognized two of the four sigils carved into the steel: one that prevented him from exceeding some sort of doorway, either the hatch of the basement or the front door he guessed, and another that essentially controlled his actions should the demon consider him out of line.
"You were getting carried away," Castiel griped, a slight blush staining his cheeks. "And I have no intention of letting some teenager get his kicks through making a deal with me."
The boy grinned at him, leaning back on his elbows almost in a state of mockery, and Castiel shoved at him harshly as he turned away, not failing to miss the sharp intake of breath from being knocked back against the hard surface. He didn’t know what the hell was wrong with him, but he’d found himself able to injure the demon several times now, even with the deal in place. Part of him wanted to risk genuinely punching the boy, but he didn’t want the damage to recoil if it worked as usual, so rather than harming him, he encouraged one of the kitchen drawers to fly open when the demon came relatively close.
“Yeah, maybe don’t thank me til you’ve actually tried it,” Dean mumbled, a strained smile pulling at his lips for a moment.
He used his Grace to create a glowing orb before he turned the lights off so that he could navigate his way back without treading more ash about the room. Dean seemed fairly cautious of the light, taking a step closer to the bedside cabinet when Castiel headed in the bed’s general direction.
"Uhhh, how about because you're an angel, and your kind generally has a reputation for completely obliterating anyone who so much as looks at them funny!"
Dean picked up the blanket from where it lay crumpled on the floor, draping it unceremoniously over Castiel’s form before teleporting himself out of the room. He wasn’t gonna go treating Cas like royalty, but since the guy was effectively in the same state as Sam, the least he could do was show some compassion to the one person who could actually help. And maybe if he was a bit kinder, the angel hopefully wouldn’t have as much of a problem with making amends.
He didn't even know how to respond to that. Obviously, he still found the change in Castiel's irises super interesting, and he figured whilst he didn't have the stomach to read through the bestiaries properly it'd be more fun to continue observing the angel himself. Make his own notes.
He did feel a sense of regret for letting those kinds of thoughts cross his mind again. He liked Dean. Or rather, he liked who Dean was at the moment. Depending on whether or not the kid got dragged back into hunting by his father, that was subject to change.
Well, he cared when Dean spoke about it, but that was more out of obligation than anything else. He himself didn't have an opinion to offer, but it was interesting hearing how the demon viewed the world he lived in, and it actually helped him understand the boy a bit more.
He'd mentioned it briefly in conversation to Dean the night prior but he hadn't wanted to discuss it too much. It wasn't exactly the most exciting conversation and he'd known exactly how the boy would respond before he'd even voiced a few of his concerns.
He downed the rest of his beer, placing the empty bottle in the centre of the table when he was done. "Right. I'm gonna go pee," he announced unnecessarily, sliding out of the booth to stand. "Can you get me another one of these?"
It didn’t matter what Castiel’s parents may or may not have done. There was no evidence to suggest that Castiel had grown up like them. Sure, Cas had a bit of a temper, and he wasn’t necessarily the most approachable person Dean had ever met, but he was far nicer than Dean was himself. Like, fuck, if Dean didn’t have such a big crush on the angel, he probably wouldn’t have been going out of his way anywhere as near as much to make sure Castiel didn’t die. Again, Dean couldn’t really use that to back up his argument. He doubted dropping the topic of his sexuality into the conversation right now would help either of them, and he didn’t want to risk having Bobby turn around and demand they both leave before Pamela had even had a chance to
The demon huffed out a laugh, sounding forced and slightly pained, and Castiel could feel the ache in his chest worsen, memories of his own childhood unwantedly rising to the surface.
My parents are coming to me help pack and move back home this week so I dunno if I'll be able to get a chapter out on time by next Saturday (it might just end up being a teensy bit shorter than normal but I'll try and get as much done as possible)
Castiel held his stare a while longer, drawing his bottom lip between his teeth for a moment. "I don't doubt your ability to hunt, Dean. I'm sure you'd be more than capable as my partner," Cas continued, pushing his damp hair away from his forehead. "My concern is that you being seen with me will bring you the same mistreatment that I've endured for most of my life. My boss is already aware that I have
Castiel felt something tug at his ankles, tripping him up and forcing him to the floor. Pain exploded in his back as the wind was knocked out of his lungs: a severe burning sensation as the wound was reopened, and he cried out, twisting his body to the side to avoid smashing his head open on a rock.
Castiel pulled a face, struggling to stand up. "I have a duty as a hunter to help people, Dean. Every hunt is a risk."
He cradled it to his chest, rubbing his thumb rhythmically over the back of its neck as he began to lull it to sleep with slow pulses of his Grace. It was a method he'd worked hard at over the years, and he admittedly still struggled with it a bit. He doubted he'd ever be able to use such a technique on anything larger given just how weak a talent it actually was, but he'd also never really been given an opportunity to try it out.
The journey to the cabin was fairly tolerable, if it wasn’t for the sharp ache in his back from losing focus. He knew he should have redressed the wound before setting out, but he would have plenty of time to do that later. A job would always be considered more important. Especially one that held chances of a higher pay.
There wasn’t much point continuing to heal his minor injuries now anyway. Once he was back at the motel, he’d be able to sleep it off and potentially wake up fully recovered prior to his flight home. It would certainly make things a lot more bearable, and whilst he wouldn’t usually stick around the extra night in a motel unless it was truly necessary, it made far more sense than hot-wiring a car in such a delirious state.
Dean readjusted the laptop on his chest when it began to slide to the right, running his mouse over the screen to check just how much longer the film even had left to go. He really wasn't that invested in the story at all.
The demon sighed. "Because the motel I chose sucks and I can't sleep with this much noise outside my damn window."
to hold on!" He snapped, looking up. "I've been waiting for ..." He trailed off when he noticed the lack of anyone in the room, and he scowled, kicking at the concrete floor in irritation. If the boy came back with an empty bottle or some kind of bucket, Castiel had every intention of disregarding its presence.
“Right, well, apparently I’ve got your attention anyway, so while I do I wanna apologise for everything that happened before. I was … I was pissed off at my dad, and I took my anger out on you, even though you hadn’t done anything wrong,” he rambled, meeting Castiel’s line of sight again, even though it was a little more difficult what with the way Cas seemed to be examining him rather than simply staring. Dean tried to ignore the way Cas was looking at him altogether, concentrating more on what he needed to say to make sure Cas understood that he wasn’t in any way screwing him over.
Dean didn’t understand that logic at all, but he felt like Castiel didn’t really want to hear anything he had to say anyway. He’d just add it to his never-ending list of angelic things to research.
“You’ve heard of him before?” Dean queried, kicking at his shadow distractedly as it continued to drift along the base of the couch.
Well, actually since meeting Castiel, Dean didn't particularly feel comfortable being left alone anywhere. Waiting for 3 hours in that cabin for Castiel - someone he'd been told to be super cautious around - had put him on edge, and everything that followed had made it a hell of a loss worse.
“So, why you wakin’ me up?” The boy asked him, mimicking Castiel’s position so they were facing each other across the beam. The kid’s eyes were lidded and he was blinking profusely, squinting on occasion like he was having trouble keeping them open. “You have trouble sleeping?”
As much as Castiel wanted to trust the demon beside him, he simply couldn't risk something like that to happen.
Castiel didn’t say anything back, the bathroom door left slightly ajar, with nothing but the faint glow of Castiel’s natural light reflecting off the few bathroom tiles Dean had sight of.
Castiel couldn't train as effectively in his cave, not wanting to risk damaging what was left of his home, but the grounds outside would remain damp for a while and Castiel was slightly worried about injuring himself in the woods when it wasn't as stable.
"I wasn't going to interrupt you while you were speaking, you dork," Castiel whispered fondly, his breath echoing down the line. "Is that what this is about? You think I'm bored?"
He wasn't expecting the backhanded slap to his face, and he yelped, hastily pressing a palm to his cheek to ease the pain.
The shouting came again: quick bursts of words that were muffled through the flooring this time, making Dean groan as that pulse of agony pressed to his temple again.
“Everyone gets into hunting somehow,” the older man offered blandly, looking off into the corner of the room.
Castiel let out a light laugh, following up with a yawn, but the humour was still present in his tone when he began to speak again, making Dean's chest feel all weird and warm.
Right now, blood loss wasn't an issue. John wasn’t going to arrive for a few days, and that was enough time to sort the angel out properly beforehand.
"You deserved it. I'm not here for your entertainment," Castiel muttered, pulling the basket closer so he could continue fitting the food inefficiently. He took out the comic book carefully to prevent it from being creased, setting it down on the floor whilst he went about putting the less delicate items in, aware of the boy's continual stare. It didn't really bother him, knowing that his eyes had been bound to catch the child's attention at some point or another. He just didn't understand how it hadn't been noticed earlier on.
"Well, I'm not sleeping, period. What's the point in you turning it away when I have no intention of using it?"
have let his guard down a bit during their last couple of conversations so, hopefully, all the research would do is make Dean a little more cautious, just in case they ended up having a falling out or something along those lines.
He knew that Dean didn’t have any reason to lie about something so small, so he didn’t even question it, offering Dean a warm smile in gratitude as he realigned his silver blade on the table to hide the drying droplets of blood. “You didn’t have to get me more clothing, Dean, but thank you.”
“Hello,” Castiel greeted him, ducking his head a little in an attempt to see further into the cabin. It was surprisingly dark, and all Castiel could see were shadows, outlining the very few pieces of furniture that decorated the single room he could see.
But still, it circulated in his thoughts, causing him to fidget and find a more comfortable position in his bedding. He squeezed his eyes shut tightly, irritated by his inability to cease the feeling of longing. He didn't understand it nor did he understand why it was so prominent now, of all times. This was a feeling he hadn't experienced in over eight years.
He stepped away when Castiel still didn’t respond, laying a palm over his open wound to make his positioning less awkward.
Dean let his head lull back in annoyance but he didn't bother turning back around to face Bobby again. He didn't want to stay downstairs much longer at all if he could help it.
For a while now Castiel had had an inkling that other monsters - more than just other angels and demons - could see the Grace that surrounded him. Whether or not that encouraged them to pursue him as prey was another matter, but it had always made him feel wary whenever he checked into motels. These days, he didn't engage in conversation enough with the other beasts to even ask, but he caught their analytical glances; their slow examination of his form before he even made a move, and the way they observed him with a different kind of restraint.
"I took the restraints off because they were hurting you, jackass - not so you could hit me," Dean glowered, loosening his shadow so he didn't injure Castiel further. "And I don't care what it depends on. Explain it all."
Dean drew it out in confusion, holding it with trembling hands. He didn't even know why he was shaking so much, but he was simply grateful Cas didn't remark on it, gently taking the phone from him without saying anything at all. Dean nudged at a loose nail in the floorboards with the toe of his boot, focusing his line of sight on the ground whilst Cas went about doing whatever. He knew the angel wasn't gonna trash it or anything, not that it could end up looking any worse in the first place. What he also knew was that he'd have to buy himself a new model soon if he wanted to stay in contact with Sam in the near future. He probably shouldn't have let himself get angry enough to break the fucking thing in the first place but he couldn't exactly go back in time so it was pointless to complain. Getting a new phone wasn't exactly a challenge anyway. He'd just have to scrounge up some money to pay for it beforehand.
Dean was running out the room and upstairs before he was even aware of it, his shadow rigid around his ankles as he stumbled into the bedroom to grab his phone, ignoring the alarmed shouting that followed him up the stairs.
"Says the demon with green eyes," the angel grumbled, and Dean laughed, letting his hand fall from his face so he could look at Cas properly.
He just shouldn't have ever gotten distracted and given it the chance to touch him in the first place.
"Why you yellin' at me?! I just wanted to make sure you're okay!" Dean blurted, and if it wasn’t for the fact that Castiel’s Grace suddenly began to flare from his form, Dean would have tried his luck for a third time.
“Have you not asked your uncle if he has Sam’s number? Would that not make things easier?” Castiel asked, trying to get a better understanding of the situation. Waiting around for a potential reunion wasn’t exactly ideal - especially when the boys would have likely been inseparable during their childhood. Castiel couldn’t really begin to imagine how Dean was feeling without that presence beside him anymore.
"Nah. I only really buy copies that have my favourite stories included," Dean told him, timidly resting his head on Cas's shoulder when the angel moved closer.
!" Dean giggled, pushing at Cas in return. "If you weren't ready, why the hell did you ask to leave?"
So did that mean that he was healing now? Like Cas had said, he’d been healing it slowly so he didn’t waste his energy, which meant that maybe by sleeping he healed faster than normal. It wasn’t like it didn’t make sense, especially since the wounds on his wrists seemed to have vanished completely now; not even a scar to show they were ever even there.
They stood together in front of the door for a few moments before Castiel tried to catch his eye, prompting him to actually get on with it.
Okay, now he was feeling worse about letting the asshole sleep on the floor, but it wasn’t as if Cas would be as accepting of anything Dean gave him. He’d turned away food, and as far as Dean knew, he hadn’t even used the blanket, so there wasn’t actually any point in offering.
, the way you're talking you'd think fighting an angel would just be as easy as sparring with your own brother." The older man slammed his book closed, tossing it to the table as he stood to his feet. His eyes were cold as he stared across at Dean, the worry lines on his forehead far more prominent than they were a few moments ago. "If you tried to fight an angel - and I mean
“How’s your brother been doing?” He piped up to take his mind off the subject, crossing his ankles together. He’d asked once or twice during the first week following the initial healing, but it had been a while since he’d heard the demon mention Sam. Whilst he was under the impression that Dean would advise him if something had gone wrong, he would rather show his concern for the matter to see if more help was required as opposed to waiting on Dean to bring up the topic himself.
"So you hunt alone then?" The demon queried, and Castiel rolled his shoulder beneath the boy's hold, glancing to his own hands that rested on his lap.
He knew to be warier around the angel now anyway, even if Castiel didn't really seem like the kind of person who'd melt Dean from the inside-out. Dean really didn't know the guy all that well, and whilst he still felt like Cas was deserving of his trust, he'd need to be a lot more prepared.
Castiel hadn’t ever dealt with an injury quite as deep as this before, so he was trying to keep an open mind about his current progress. He sincerely doubted the wound would leave him with permanent damage, but it still concerned him to see such profound indents in his skin.
"Correct me if I'm wrong," Castiel started, and Dean rubbed at the back of his neck nervously, his confidence dropping at the detection of humour in Cas's tone. "But did you just basically imply that you're willing to give up spending time with your brother so you can make the most of your time with
And if he hadn’t seen the photo earlier, maybe he’d have thought differently - but even he could appreciate how fucking old the photograph Castiel owned was. It would take a
They sat together quietly for a few moments more before Castiel gave into his discomfort and rose to his feet, wincing. “Come on, then.”
It was … a first for Dean. He wasn’t quite sure how long he held his breath for after that initial contact; but once he realised that Castiel was definitely,
“I’m gonna get you a recipe book or something, dude. You can’t live off soup for the rest of your life.”
Dean didn't know. He was just trying to make up as many excuses as possible to make this seem like a good idea.
Castiel bent down to pick up the rabbit as carefully as he could once he got there, feeling the erratic heartbeat against his fingers as he sat down beside the trap with it in his arms. It wouldn't take much to end its life, and no matter how weak his Grace had been in the past, Castiel always took an animals life as humanly as possible, despite how utterly contradictory that sounded.
Castiel was actually kinda sweet, even if that was an incredibly sappy and ridiculous thing to say, but Dean was beginning to find it really easy to like the guy.
Dean was pleased that Cas looked as happy as he did, and that it had clearly taken his mind off of the nightmares he’d suffered from earlier.
Which was why he was almost making excuses to put off going back to hunting for as long as he could.
But it was unsettling to see how similar he looked like Sam in this situation: all weak bodied and scared, and it wasn’t fair that Dean had to deal with him alone. His dad should be here to help out – to make things easier.
"C'mon, dude. Please don't argue with me this time," Dean pleaded tentatively. "Besides, I should probably be getting to bed anyway. I got a ton of chores to do in the morning."
He let Rufus take charge after that. He stood back when the guy began to press towels to the open wounds, and Dean winced as the pain flashed across Bobby's face.
“I’ve heard a thing or two,” Pamela stated, looking down at the angel with a certain caution. “You sure it’s safe for me to actually touch him?”
He tried not to let the buzz of energy distract him, thumbing over the engravings in thought as he tried to remember which spell each one was responsible for.
There'd been a couple of occasions during the past week where Bobby had come in and 'overseen' the cooking, and at first Dean thought it was because the older man didn't trust him to use the sharp knives and the gas lighter, but then after he burnt the pasta on Thursday he sorta understood the concern.
Maybe it was a dick move, but he ducked into the nearest room he could find after tracing the wall with one hand, wanting to try and gather himself before heading back into the fight so that he wouldn’t be a hindrance. He did feel guilty about leaving Cas to fight alone, but Castiel was way faster than the vampires out there. They’d be gone in no time.
… something, something. Most likely for the job, followed by some snarky comment like he made when they met face to face.
However, Castiel was still concerned by the speed of his recovery, especially whilst he was in Dean’s presence. It was probably for the best that the boy had requested Castiel rest first before attempting to heal him. At least by tomorrow, Castiel could gauge just how volatile his Grace really was before he went using it on Dean’s injuries.
But he waited patiently for Dean to wake up of his own accord, counting the stains on the ceiling several times over to keep himself occupied for a while and checking his phone for the time every so often.
Although he had initially struggled with the concept of Dean troubling himself with such a mundane task to begin with, Castiel actually found it rather endearing to see Dean almost nervous to present a meal to him. He avoided looking at the boy for too long, not wanting to exacerbate Dean's anxiety, and instead focussed on the dish that had been handed to him.
The boy continued to shake against Castiel’s chest, his breathing gradually slowing and becoming lighter in sound as if the demon was trying to compose himself. The shadow lingered on his legs for at least five minutes more, simply resting there and keeping Castiel in place, even if Castiel had no intention of moving away just yet. He wanted to make sure the boy was okay before he did anything so heartless, having not seen the demon this utterly vulnerable before.
"So you haven't like, worsened your condition too much?" Dean persisted, finally meeting his line of sight.
But that wasn't his concern. If the bracelet remained attached and Castiel found himself in a compromised situation, it wouldn't be a difficult task for someone to recarve sigils and the like into the metal.
“Okay,” Castiel said gently, adjusting the grip on the blade in his hand. “Well, they’re likely all awake now, so how about you take us to the top floor and we’ll start making our way down
“No!” Dean lied, causing Castiel to pull an expression of scepticism. “I mean … yes. A little.” He rolled his lips between his teeth. “You’re
"About what?" The boy questioned, and it made Dean's heart clench at the sound of distrust in Sam's voice, having hoped that Sam would have been at least a little more open for this conversation.
He wanted to go ahead and be completely open about the subject. He wanted to draw up some shred of courage to tell the older man that he'd done the right thing for everyone regardless of what his dad thought.
"Fine," he huffed when the dog continued to look at him expectantly, summoning the battered tennis ball from across the scrapyard to his hold before unlatching the chain from Rumsfeld's collar and flinging the ball back in the direction it came from. Rumsfeld scrambled down the steps, bounding after the old toy whilst Dean lounged back on the porch, yawning again. He knew the dog was way too loyal to simply run off, but even if he did, Dean knew he could catch him long before he made it onto a road of any kind. Bobby's scrapyard was practically out in the middle of nowhere anyway so it wasn't like Rumsfeld was at risk of being run down by a car if he went a mile or so past the drive.
He could feel the scorching energy from where he was lain on the floor, but all he could do was stare up at the collapsing architecture, choking on his own breath.
Well, obviously Castiel hadn’t had the best time taking on such a severe injury, but Dean was young and he seemed to struggle a lot with keeping his emotions in check. Seeing his uncle so hurt would likely have had a lasting impact, especially when the man’s survival hadn’t even been guaranteed yet.
It was because of this that he resisted the urge to actually hug Cas, understanding that although he did feel more comfortable than he did inside, he was still putting himself in a fairly vulnerable position.
He didn’t know if it was solely because Cas was worried about his Grace injuring Dean, but he himself didn’t particularly want to hang around in the building longer than necessary.
The way Bobby actually handled Castiel did admittedly put Dean on edge - even if it was a relief to know that the older man wasn’t effected by Castiel’s temperature in the same manner Dean was - but he felt that Bobby was being kinda careless: prodding the angel like he was an object and yanking Castiel's shirt up to expose the transferred injury.
It kind of frustrated him. He did a hell of a lot more running during hunts and never found himself struggling. Walking was meant to be the easy exercise.
," the angel corrected, and Dean rolled his eyes, fiddling with the handle of one of the thin plastic bags. He didn't get why the guy was so against being called that. It wasn't offensive in any way and it was far easier than saying his name outright.
and his shadow had felt dull and achy for a few hours afterwards. The whole Grace aspect wasn’t hurting him
And at least Dean wouldn’t have to confront him about leaving, and he could say goodbye to Sam without having his dad simply kicking him out.
The thought of going travelling without Sam was almost holding him back though. Whilst Dean would love to make the most of his freedom, it just wouldn't be the same if Sam wasn't there to see everything with him. They hadn't made verbal promises or anything, but Dean felt like going alone would almost be betraying the kid, given just how much they'd talked about what the rest of the world had to offer.
Castiel had never liked to ask about how the other hunters housed themselves, but for him, it was far too risky to buy a place somewhere in the city. And expensive. Motels were expensive too sometimes. Castiel had a feeling this room wasn't particularly cheap.
Dean pulled Castiel closer to him, walking forward slowly so Cas wouldn't risk stumbling or anything like that. He turned his attention to Sam as they passed the foot of the bed, feeling bad for having ignored the boy for the past few minutes. "You alright there, buddy? Feeling okay?"
"Is it genuinely impossible for you to shut up for five fucking minutes?" He hissed, glaring down at the angel. Castiel was frowning, blood smeared around his mouth from a filthy cut on his lip, and
He turned around when he felt a shift in weight at the other end of the hall, only to see the angel’s blade pierce through the neck of another vampire. The silver weapon severed the spinal cord completely as Castiel calmly pulled the head off with one hand, the other was holding the body to his chest, pressed to the solar plexus.
Dean transported himself to the angel’s side, helping Castiel up as gently as he could without the use of his shadow and wincing at the extra weight applied to his legs. He couldn’t stop staring at the fucked up ice sculpture that Cas had crafted in the corner of the room, stumbling only when Castiel shoved him harshly in the chest, and suddenly the guy was halfway across the other side of the room.
"Do you know when this happens exactly?" Dean asked, trying to keep the smile from his voice as he dropped his forehead to his arms once more.
There was another issue Castiel had with the whole arrangement too, something he didn't actually feel confident enough to blatantly ask about because he wanted to continue trusting Dean for as long as he was able, and that was the threat of a potential compromise. Castiel wanted to believe that Dean wouldn't betray his trust like that, but it did make him feel very uncomfortable to think that someone else had been made aware of their friendship. The boy could easily be manipulated or encouraged to lead Castiel into a trap again.
But again. Bobby had lost a lot of blood. If Castiel wasn't able to heal him further, the man would need to seek medical aid as soon as possible.
Castiel stalled, having thought that the demon would have opted for a different response. It wasn't that saying as such was a burden. He was just surprised that Dean had been straight out honest with him.
He was surprised by the lack of hesitancy on the boy's part, letting Castiel handle him without even asking what was going on, but it made things far easier for him, able to turn fully toward the boy again, touching at the tiny marks made earlier on that day before laying his free hand over the child's upturned palm. The skin was sticky, but it wasn't as if Castiel's hands were any better, dried blood caking his fingers from his poor attempt at cleaning his wound before.
“I’ll cook for you!” The boy offered with a grin before his smile slipped slightly. “I mean, I’m not very
He fetched the bucket from by the back door and some of the napkins from the kitchen, because if it was anything like the last time Castiel had almost fucking died in front of him, there was a chance that Cas would chuck up everywhere afterwards, and Dean didn't exactly want to be scrubbing angel puke out of Bobby's rug for the next few days.
"I don't know, I assumed the worst I suppose," Castiel shrugged, his head feeling heavy. Dean ducked to try and look at him again, and Castiel pushed the boy's face away gently, smiling. "Stop it."
"You've started bleeding again," Castiel commented quietly, his footsteps sounding on the wooden floorboards, and Dean looked down to his shoulder, pursing his lips. He'd almost forgotten the injury was even there, even though now that he'd remembered, he was beginning to feel the ache.
"You need to understand that I'm goin' off two different accounts here," Bobby interrupted, his voice stern. "Now, I don't know exactly what happened in that cabin, but the fact you're
The guy was cool, dorky, mysterious, and a genuinely nice person. Someone would have to be insane to not want to be friends with him, so really, Dean didn't think he was doing anything too weird.
Dean had been looking excited about something for the last couple of weeks. He’d had long phone calls with his new agent—calls which went very quiet whenever Cas tried to listen—and Cas was certain Dean and Charlie had been plotting something the last time they met up. Cas wasn’t concerned, he’d asked Dean about it after one of those very long agent phone calls, and Dean had told him that it was a surprise, but had promised that everything was okay and that it was nothing bad. He’d been skeptical at first, but Dean had convinced him, and he was only a tiny bit worried about what this could all possibly be leading to.
“What dream?” Claire asked, looking between Dean’s face and the picture he was holding in his hands.
"Yes you are, don't argue," Charlie interrupted, tapping Dean on the nose in a way that was probably friendly, but was really just annoying. Okay… that wasn't true. It was just a Charlie thing, and the fact it was annoying Dean right now said more about him than it did about Charlie. "You're doing walk-ins, right?"
"Sounds good," the man smiled, "I'll see you later Claire." Clearly he did know Claire, well enough that he would 'see her later' and Dean knew it was rude to pry, so he wasn't exactly about to ask, but he wondered where they knew each other from.
"Yeah alright," Sam walked into the kitchen and grabbed the dry cat food from the cupboard, "here you go buddy, enjoy." And then he put Cas on the floor and went to go and make himself a sandwich.
Claire and Jack talked for a long time, taking it in turns to tell story after story about Castiel. He'd hoped that one of them would jog his memory, or he'd at least feel some kind of familiarity with the person they described, but he felt nothing. It was like being told about a movie character. He could tell from Claire and Jack's faces that they'd hoped for the same thing he had, and he wasn't sure if it made it better that they all had the same problem, or made it worse that he'd let the kids down just because his brain wouldn't remenever.
"He really does," Dean smiled softly at his husband. Cas was the best thing that had ever happened to him, and he hated the fact he'd forgotten about him for so long. He'd forgotten the light of his life.
"Of course I'm going to listen to you. I want to hear your reasons, even if we can't fix anything at the end of it."
"I love you, too," Castiel replied, pressing a quick kiss to his lips. "Does this mean we can start wearing our wedding rings in public?"
It started affecting Cas' routines. Not enough that the general audience would notice, they were all too caught up in the magic of it to notice anything, but Dean noticed. He saw the wobbles in Cas' movements, the way his hands started slipping, the way he was getting more and more reckless, as though he didn't really care if he fell.
Dean sighed into his drink, but didn't stop. They could be disappointed all they wanted, it didn't change the fact he needed this. Cas—the guy he was maybe falling in love with, and who had been living in Dean's head since he lost his vessel—had done a runner the moment he'd been able to. What was he running from? Dean didn't know, but he couldn't help but feel it was probably his fault.
They were quiet, for a while, just standing there, watching their family laugh and dance, and taking the occasional sip from their drinks. It was comfortable, neither of them feeling the need to break the silence. Every couple of seconds, Dean glanced across to Cas, his eyes magnetized towards the other boy. He looked stunning in the low light of the distant fire. His eyes sparkled, and his face was alight with joy, and Dean was once again reminded.
"A picnic at a lake," Dean smiled, his eyes taking on a slightly hazy hue in the way they always did when he was thinking about the past, "that sounds lovely. I'd love to go." There was a slight hesitancy in Dean's voice, the kind which told Castiel that Dean had almost definitely never done that kind of thing before, even if he'd wanted to.
"How's your day been going?" Dean asked in the gentle tone he used when he got the chance to talk to Cas without having to pretend there was nothing between them.
"I look forward to seeing them again too," Dean nodded, "at the end of this week and not a day earlier. I'm enjoying getting you alone for once."
Castiel felt like Dean had something more he wanted to say, but he didn't really want to hear it. He didn't want their trip to the lake ruined by the somber mood that was descending over their blanket, so he quickly changed the subject, hoping that Dean wouldn't try to keep them there.
know, and that meant Dean was going to be getting an earful about it from him, not to mention the small army of reporters Dean was going to have to dodge just to get back home.
Okay so quick thing. This story is (sadly) not all fun and cuteness, and this chapter is most of that.
"So we're keeping them?" Sam double checked, sitting down in his own seat and starting to pet Cas' head. It felt amazing, Sam knew exactly how to stroke a cat, and Cas had always felt safe around Sam... but he wanted to go to Dean. He looked so vulnerable when he thought everyone was looking away, and he wanted to go and hug him, reassure him that he was still there. Cats couldn’t hug, but Cas was sure he would be able to find the next best thing.
Small apartment? His mom made at least three snide comments about how much room their house had, and how maybe if Dean needed more space he could move back home, 'until he could afford a better one of his own'.
"You've worked so hard to get your career where it is, but you've never come home complaining about asshole agents or persistent flirters," Dean hung his head, looking disappointed in himself. "I didn't want to be a burden. I didn't want to be the one who brought those problems to our marriage, but I just ended up bringing even more problems."
"'orning," Dean mumbled in reply, quiet enough that Castiel wouldn't have heard him if he hadn't been literally pressed against him. Dean bent his back as he stretched his limbs out groaning happily at the feeling.
He had woken up that morning after a good night's sleep, his husband curled up in his arms, and they had eaten some breakfast together before Castiel had to head in—Dean was going to be coming to set later—and the entire day was just looking so bright. There still seemed to be
"Hello Dean," Cas smiled, the gentle look enough to make Dean's insides go all soft. "Have you had a good week?"
The day Dean finally had enough was a Thursday, of all days. Dean and Baby had performed an old, familiar routine which they could have probably done perfectly with their eyes closed. Cas on the other hand… Cas was performing a routine that Dean had watched him block out just four days before. He was doing fine, somehow managed to get through the whole routine without falling, but Dean decided he'd had enough. He'd talked to Cas so many times about how he planned out his routines, and Cas had always explained that it took him weeks to get a routine good enough for it to be safe to perform.
The lasagne was cold by the time they sat down to eat it, and they had to quickly shove it back in the oven to reheat it. Neither of them cared though, it just gave them a bit more time to send each other soft smiles with spit-slicked lips, and to make each other blush with reminders of how much they loved each other.
Dean didn't wait any longer, he sprinted back round the tent to stand with the other performers and wrapped Cas into a tight hug as soon as he joined them.
Cas' eyes widened suddenly with the realisation of why he had been enjoying being a cat so much. He’d not liked it, had wanted to get turned back into a human and get his grace back, but he hadn’t been able to ignore the voice in his head suggesting that this way was better. And now he knew why!
Dean looked contemplative for a moment before he walked forwards, picking Cas up and settling him in his arms. Cas was so shocked that he didn't react, and once he had realised what was going on he was happy enough to burrow into Dean's arms, rather than trying to run away. His mind still felt slightly foggy, enough that he knew he really shouldn’t be doing this, but not enough for him to figure out why, and he wasn’t going to stop unless he could find an actual reason to.
"I'm sorry to hear that." He normally hated it when clients talked about their personal issues. He was an artist, not a therapist, and hearing about their problems always made him want to provide answers he didn't have. It should have been the same with Cas. He couldn't help him.
"You don't have to do this alone anymore. I'll help you, like I should have been doing from the start."
He didn't say anything when Dean sat down in the grass below, even though Dean knew Cas noticed him . All Dean could hear for a long time was just pages turning, and the quiet singing of birds. Cas was clearly doing his best to ignore him, and Dean had no idea what to do about it.
It was a couple of days before they let Cas go and explore the bunker. He assumed they were trying to make it cat safe, closing doors to weapon rooms, making sure there were no magic spell ingredients that he could eat lying around. Just the basic things. While it obviously wasn’t needed, Cas had no desire to eat spell ingredients, or mess around with weapons, it did reassure him a little bit that they were clearly taking their new cat ownership seriously.
"Another round?" Benny offered, taking their wordless cheer as a response as he grabbed their empty pitchers and took them back to the bar.
"Nothing," Cas promised, "I was just thinking about some things. Now come on, what did the bird do?"
Dean sighed. "Look, I still don't remember this guy, but from the little I've heard, and from seeing how all of you have reacted, I hope you're right."
"I noticed," Dean pretty much whispered, "I thought you were unhappy with me, with my desire to keep our relationship a secret and how busy my work was. I thought it would be best to let you go, but it hurt too much to do anything. So I guess I was just waiting for you to turn up with divorce papers one day."
"You're still an angel," Dean hissed, and he couldn't tell if his cheeks were flushed from anger, or from his words definitely sounding like he was flirting. "Would I still be an elf, even if my ears weren't pointy?"
In fact, he'd talked to Sam just yesterday. He'd asked how the bunker and Eileen were, Sam had asked how the hunt was going and how… Dean shook his head. Sam had asked how the hunt was going, and Dean had said that he was pretty much ready to move in on his target. There was no way the lack of Sam was what was giving him such an intense, profound, feeling of wrongness. There was something else. There had to be.
Dean's morning was good, though not particularly interesting. He had three separate walk-ins, all picking one of the simple stencils that Dean could do in his sleep; he was also fairly sure at least one of them was only there due to a dare. They got a lot of them, especially around September when all the college kids started turning up. They would dare each other to get tattoos, and when the social structures were only just being created no one would dare back out. Dean always asked them if they were sure before he started, but beyond that he couldn’t do much more than make sure they sign the waiver so they couldn’t turn this back on the shop if they later decided following through with the dare had been stupid.
"Just coming!" Dean yelled back, brushing some of the dry leaves off his legs as he walked back in the direction of the small wooden cabin they were staying in for the two weeks they were on vacation for. It had been Cas who had actually decided it was time. They'd been dating for about a year now, and although Dean had been planning to take a break when they only just got together, business had started booming, and then Cas had some issues, and then Dean had even more issues, and by the time they were finally able to get away, it had been a year and Dean had never been happier.
Cas smiled and purred in thanks, knowing that it would be the best way for him to get his message across without words. He was getting better at responding like a cat would, which was helpful, but wasn’t necessarily a good thing if he wanted to stay himself, and not turn into a normal cat. Would he still be himself if the spell took over? He had no idea, and was constantly stuck between ‘maybe that would be better’ and ‘I need to find how to reverse the spell as soon as possible’.
Shaking his head to rid himself of those depressing thoughts, Dean turned back to watching his friends’ dancing and smiles, and the bright flickering flame of the fire. Tonight was a night for celebration, the bad feelings could wait for another day.
The room was quiet for a couple of minutes. Dean lay there on the bed, breathing deeply and wiping any stray tears while Cas curled up tightly on his chest, happy to relax with Dean’s hand running across his back for a bit longer. He was content here, relaxed, at ease, but if the past half an hour had taught him one thing, it was that he was needed here. He was needed as an angel, not a cat.
His mind was clearing—albeit slowly—which he was thankful for, and now that he could see and think, he realised that the two people in the warehouse must be Sam and Dean. He had already known that… it had been them he'd been coming here to protect.
Dean should have never been in that situation. Cas should have noticed something first, or said something earlier, or anything, really. But it did mean a lot to Cas, how much Dean was willing to do to protect him.
It took him about twenty minutes, and his legs were hurting from both his performance and the walking, but he finally found Cas lying in the middle of a thankfully dry field.
“‘M worried, Baby,” he whispered. “Something's not right with Cas, but he refuses to talk to me." His vision is getting blurry from unshed tears, and his nose is starting to run uncomfortably. He didn't stop though, he needed to get this out to the one being he knew wouldn't think he was just over reacting. "I don't know what's happening."
His slow ambling turned into running as he neared the cabin, the lovely smell of cooking wafting from that direction. Cas had managed to convince him to join a running club—Dean still didn't know why he'd agreed to go that first time—but now he felt healthier than ever, and he was meeting all kinds of new people. Sam and Cas would bring it up at least once every time they were all together, and Dean was too happy about the fact they got along to even be mad about it.
Cas froze in place. They were giant, and when they were talking about a cat… they were talking about him? He reached one of his hands out, his eyes going impossibly wide when instead of the hand he'd grown used to seeing, there was a pure black fluffy paw.
It was another long day. Dean loved his job, had never been thankful that he had the chance to do this, but sometimes, on days like today when his hand was threatening to cramp and he still had an entire line work appointment before he could go home… Sometimes he questioned every relevant life decision that resulted in him ending up here.
Cas momentarily returned the smile, letting his love for his husband and his love for their love overwhelm him, but quickly blinked all that away. He needed to finish this.
Castiel chuckled, starting to walk to a nice piece of grass for them to sit on. He grabbed Dean’s wrist when it became clear the familiar wasn’t going to look away from their surroundings, not wanting Dean to accidentally fall into the lake because he’d been too busy staring at the sky. The feeling of Dean’s skin under his palm was indescribable, but Castiel forced himself to continue rather than letting himself get overtaken by the feeling.
, and unless Castiel got out of the car soon he was going to have a very annoyed husband on his hands. Dean was trying to stall so that they could walk in together, and the longer Cas took to get out, the more reporters he would have to talk to.
Yeah... Not the best place to leave the story while I'm away (Though admittedly there have been worse). I might be able to update next week on the Friday instead of Saturday... so if I remember I'll do that!
"It was okay," Castiel shrugged, remembering Hannah, the reason he had been so desperate to see his husband. He didn’t want to tell Dean what happened, he had more than enough problems of his own, but Cas really wished he could let someone know what was going on.
One day, Cas would stop picking on him over it. But as long as Sam was around to find it equally funny, he couldn't see that happening any time soon.
Dean looked down at the floor awkwardly, “I had an idea,” he started slowly, “I just never said anything, because none of you seemed to think it was possible.” He shrugged, trying to make sure Mary knew that it wasn’t really that big of a deal. It had been horrible the entire time, but he had Cas now, and every moment was worth it if Cas was his prize at the end. He would live through much worse for Cas, so this really wasn’t a big thing.
"You already know what this is about, don't you?" Sam sighed, and Dean could hear shuffling on the other side—probably Sam getting comfortable on his own couch.
Take Cas for example. Dean didn't know his story, but covering up his scars was clearly helping him, and Dean was glad about that. He was glad he could help, he was glad his art had an ability to help people, he was glad that he had decided to become a tattoo artist despite everyone telling him to do otherwise.
Cas meowed back. It was something he'd started doing recently. It made him feel better when he replied, even when he knew they didn't know what he was saying and normally ended up doing the exact opposite of what he’d just said.
"Getting a bit explicit there aren't you," Dean said, trying to reduce the tension but failing miserably.
Even from this distance, Castiel could hear the quiet laughs filtering through one of the windows which wasn’t fully closed.
"I'll see you later, Red," Dean nodded at his friend, following Claire out the door and smiling at the werewolf nervously waiting for his tattoo.
"Same old," Lisa waved his question off. "So, how has single life been treating you? Have you met anyone yet?"
"I love the smell of your forest," Dean breathed happily, a pleased rumble starting up in his chest which made the brightness from before bubble up in Castiel's stomach. Dean was happy, and feeling safe enough to rumble, and it was at least partly thanks to Castiel.
"I forgot you!" Dean hissed back, pulling at his hair so it stung. "I forgot this, I forgot us!" Dean was aware of the others in the room, but he didn't care. This was important.
Dean cared for Whiskers, and vocalised it in a way he had never done for Cas in all their many years of friendship. He gave physical affection more than just a shoulder pat or the rare hug—which was reserved for near death experiences—and he didn't care about personal space. He was glad to have Whiskers around in a way he had never been glad to have Cas around.
Cas looked up, their eyes catching as they stared for longer than probably socially acceptable, but Dean didn't care. Cas was- this meant- Cas-
Dean had asked Charlie, Sam, Jo, Benny. Hell, he'd even asked Balthazar and Gabriel—Cas seemed to somehow manage to get along with the clowns, even with their jokes which Dean doubted Cas actually understood. But not even they had any idea where he could be.
Castiel meowed loudly, pure anger escaping in the simple noise. Of course he was going to come back. He had promised Dean that he would never leave him, and he was planning to keep that promise. He managed to startle a quiet laugh out of Dean, and even though it wasn’t much, it felt like everything.
He sat up quickly, staring with wide eyes at Dean who was kneeling next to him. Dean who had been the blanket of warmth while he was in pain. Dean who had broken the curse by saying…
Castiel reached her just as she finished speaking, his grace reaching her at the same time her pale yellow magic reached him. Nothing happened to him, not straight away anyway, but the second his grace reached the witch she started screaming, his grace burning through her magic and destroying her. He momentarily felt bad for what he did, even after all this time he hated taking the lives of the creatures he had sworn to protect for most his long life, but she had wanted to hurt the Winchesters, and Cas wouldn’t—he couldn't—let her hurt either of them. They were his family, and family was more important than orders.
It was clear that Cas appreciated everything they were doing, and he was happy about it, but he was also just… not himself. Not as happy as usual, not carefree, not… confident in himself, though Dean couldn't figure out why that would be any more than he could figure out the rest of it.
Back at the Bunker… with Sam… and Eileen… and… Jack... and no one. Dean blinked a couple of times quickly, trying to shake the weird feeling that had just come over him. He was absentmindedly spinning the ring around his finger, a muscle memory, though he didn't think he'd ever worn a ring there for long enough to make a muscle memory out of it.
"It was a secret," Cas explained. "We have more than enough enemies, and we refuse to let our love be used against us."
"Yeah, looks like it. I wonder if it was the witch's? You know what they are like with animal sacrifices, and black cats are supposed to be unlucky, I wouldn’t be surprised if some ritual required one." Cas could tell from the tone that the voice was not fond of witches, something Cas felt like he had always known, while still feeling like he was only finding out about it now.
Dean leaned back in his chair, kicking his feet up and taking a swig of his whiskey. It had been a good minute after Cas left before anyone moved, and it had been Dean going to grab whiskey who started it. Sam and Eileen were whispering in the corner, and Claire and Kaia were sitting on the other side of the table discussing something or other, leaving Dean alone, aching, and hoping to get drunk quickly.
"Good morning, Castiel, did you sleep well?" Hannah asked. She always tried to make small talk, which he found a little annoying while he was trying to work, but he knew that it was normal to want to talk to your coworkers, so he couldn't really complain.
Castiel had no idea exactly what happened next. One moment, he'd been about to  head inside to watch the premiere of
Dean blinked back the tears that had no place farming in his eyes. He didn’t know Cas’ story but… there was pain there. There was something deep entwined with those scars—maybe what Cas had been hiding behind his mask earlier—and Dean could only hope that his art would be enough to start the process of healing whatever it was.
"It'll be ready in a minute," he hummed, "I should probably grab it out the oven. Did you have a good walk?" He pulled away with a soft smile and a squeeze of Dean's shoulder.
Just a quick note for anyone who had to skip last chapter, it is safe again. They are discussing what happened, but they are talking about Castiel's reaction, not what caused it.
He saw Sam walking towards the kitchen and quickly ran over, winding around his feet and rubbing his head against Sam's leg. As an angel, it felt weird to be doing it, but the part of him that was getting more and more cat like every day thought it was the best thing to do, and Cas was too tired to fight it.
He wanted to be the one who told Dean to pick his towel up, he wanted to be the one who forced Dean to relax, he wanted to be the one who helped Dean even when he didn’t want to accept it.
"Why were you trying to track me down?" Cas asked, his head rolling to the side so he could look at Dean, though he had no idea how Cas could possibly look away from the beauty of the sky.
"Nope," Pam replied, popping the 'p' and pulling the back of his top up, lying face down on the chair which Dean reclined for her. Pam's tattoo was a tangle of flowers on her lower back, and Dean couldn't wait to see how it would look when it was all done.
They didn't know about the golden ring hanging on a chain around Dean's neck, so no one even suggested that the hickey could have possibly been given to Dean by someone like Castiel, a premium fashion designer who had flown out for the weekend to deliver Jo's dress—and to leave Dean that little parting gift—before he’d had to fly home for a meeting with a distributor. Dean kept his wedding ring hidden because he wasn't out and everyone thought he was straight. No one assumes that a straight man will be dating another man.
"I know." Dean wiped a corner of his eye that looked suspiciously wet. "You're the best thing that ever happened to me. I didn't want to risk that, and I just ended up making it even worse."
Dean couldn't argue with that. Not when Garth was so enthusiastic, not when he looked so honestly hopeful that Dean's special someone was out there.
Baby leaned forward and nosed at Dean's hair, snuffing against the strands which really needed cutting sometime soon. Maybe she was just looking for another apple, or thought Dean's hair smelled nice, but it was comforting and he would take the unsaid reassurance for what he hoped it was. He wrapped his arms around Baby's neck, thankful when she didn't move away and just let him cry against her strength.
"What got you into tattooing?" It wasn't the most original question, and Dean probably answered this one once a day, but it felt different coming from Cas—like he actually wanted to know, and wasn't just looking for random small talk.
"She was just putting it on for attention," Dean sighed. He'd been terrified for weeks, thinking something was wrong, or that he might lose his equine best friend. Apparently, she'd been walking fine around everyone else, and they'd all promised him she was fine, but he was not convinced, no matter what they’d said. Nowadays it was a fun thing to laugh about, but Dean couldn't forget how much it had weighed on him. He'd barely slept, been unable to eat much without feeling sick to his stomach. He got himself worked up over people he cared about so easily, pathetically easy sometimes, but Dean didn't think that was what was happening here.
"I'm asexual!" Cas yelled, and Dean could tell from the look on his face that he hadn't meant to say that. He hadn't meant to tell the truth. "I don't want- any stuff." His words quietened by the end of his sentence, his conviction evaporating.
"Dean," Cas murmured. Dean didn't think he'd ever heard a better sound than the way Cas' voice wrapped around his name. There was so much love, adoration, hope, in his voice that Dean almost started crying. Cas gently cupped his cheek, smiling when Dean leant into it.
"Well we need to come up with a name, get them some food," Cas started to relax at Sam's words. That wasn't a problem, he could deal with a fake name for a bit, "find out it's sex." Cas jumped to his feet—paws?—in horror, digging his claws into Sam's leg until he let go, and Cas was able to bolt to the safety of Dean's side of the table.
"I think Cas is the best friend I've ever had," Dean started, lying back in his bed and dragging Cas with him, settling the small black cat on his chest. "We grew up on the road, never really settling for more than a few weeks, so the best friend I had before Cas was my brother."
A quiet "oh" echoed through the room, before Cas blinked, the glow disappearing for a moment before reappearing, leaving Dean wondering how thick Cas' eyelids must be to cut off the glow. He also wondered what was causing them to glow, did they have their own light source? Were they reflecting the moonlight? Could Cas turn them on and off? He couldn't seem to stop himself from mentally going through all the creatures he could think of, trying to figure out which ones had glowy eyes, but none came to mind.
He'd had a crush on Cas since he'd first turned up as a bumbling teenager with an armful of silk and a desire to be more. More than he was, more than he could be, more even, than the laws of gravity forced him to be. Dean had been little more than a child himself, a year younger, and already hoping that one day they would let him perform in the ring with the tricks he'd taught Baby. The moment he had laid eyes on the other boy…
Dean found himself thinking that the worst part was that Cas actually sounded like he meant it. Dean barely knew Castiel, and yet the guy was so honestly nice, that he actually cared.
"Hey Claire," Dean said carefully, stepping up next to the desk and leaning against it, trying to hide how he was looking the guy up and down. Originally it had been to try and get a read on him… but by this point Dean was just subtly enjoying the view. "Is this my consultation?"
“Everyone I’ve ever been close to has died, and that’s including Sam and Cas, but unlike the others they kept on coming back. I’m not sure if he’s coming back this time.”
“The other day, I had a dream,” Dean explained, “it was really weird, but he was in it. Cas was in it.”
“That’d be nice,” Dean agreed with a soft grin, dropping heavily onto the blanket and pulling his rucksack off. “I’ve always loved forests, must be the wolf in me,” he tipped his head back, closing his eyes against the harsh light of the sun as it warmed his face. “This one though,” he laughed quietly, “this one is something special.”
“Well, I spend a lot of time watching some of my favorite movies,” Dean tried. He had noticed that the conversation was rather one-sided, Cas just asking him questions, but he was a tattoo artist, he was used to it. He was always either a discount therapist, or he was asked a lot of questions. There was rarely an inbetween with first timers. “Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Star Trek, all the classics.”
"She looks good," Cas hummed, walking forward  to stroke Baby's head as soon as Dean stopped them both. "She's lucky to have you." It seemed like a strange conversation topic, especially seemingly out of nowhere, but Dean figured he'd take it.
“It’s not okay,” Mary said, translating Dean’s shrug correctly. “Maybe you’re okay now, but the fact remains that you grew up hiding something that is clearly a big part of you. I’m glad it turned out okay, I’m glad you’re happy, but that doesn’t stop the pain from the past from existing.”
"Are you?" Cas asked. It would have been odd, coming from anyone else, too blunt, too harsh and doubtful for such a joyful night. But this was Cas, and that was just what Cas did. No beating around the bush. If he wanted to ask something, he asked it.
He started batting his food in the bowl they had bought him. Not eating it, but just playing with it instead. A particularly large swat sent some of the pieces flying across the floor, and Cas was shocked to realise that their formation looked vaguely like a 'H'.
"I gave up once, swore off dating when I first turned," Garth was a late bloomer, and had believed himself to be human until he turned furry one night, "now look at me! Three beautiful kids, a lovely wife. If dating isn't what you want, then fine, but if this is just you thinking the right person isn't out there, then you're wrong!"
"Come on buddy, let's find a room for you to hole up in until the bunker is safe again," Dean crooned, "don't worry, I'll keep you company."
Also, just btw, I've had a crazy couple of weeks, which is going to continue onto this/next week, and I have two bang fics to be posted in the next two weeks. Because of that, there will be no chapter next week. I'm really sorry, and I promise it'll be just one week and then me and this story will be back as always.
"I don't think so." Cas shrugged, thinking back on it. Dean's new agent didn't change anything about the contract for this film—he would only affect future projects—and Dean had been right when he said Bela was too good of an actress to let what happened between them ruin the movie. Beyond that, the only thing that could have really been affected was Castiel's wardrobe designs, and he was also too professional to sabotage the movie, even for something as big as what he’d thought was going on.
"Thanks," Dean smiled. "I—thanks." He couldn't think of what else he could possibly say, and desperately hoped that Jo could understand the meaning he couldn't put into words.
"There was a car crash," Cas said, and Dean didn't need any more details to understand what must have happened. The scars on his back, so precise and clean, almost surgical. Because they were.
Sam and Dean made eye contact, a feeling of discomfort and comradeship passing between them in a single look.
"Dean," Lisa tried, but Dean just turned his attention to Jo—though there really wasn't anything for them to say right now—until Benny managed to convince Lisa that leaving was probably the best decision.
"That makes sense," Dean agreed, "where do you come from anyway?" He didn't normally ask for details about Cas’ life, but sometimes when it came up in conversation he couldn’t help himself.
"You're a dork," Dean said, though it sounded more like a laugh than the sigh it was meant to be. "Have you heard anything from the people back home?" The service was—understandably—terrible in the middle of the forest, so Cas had gone to look for service earlier in the day, just to make sure that they weren't needed for anything.
The others were all in a surprisingly good mood by the time he walked into the shop. He was running slightly late—the line at the coffee shop had been huge—but he thought he made up for it by bringing everyone a free coffee. He didn't know how the others would survive Monday mornings without him by this point.
"Perfect," Sam grinned, "and you never know, Cas might be interested in coming to visit our new friend." There was some teasing in his voice, but Cas didn't even register that, his blue eyes glued on Dean. He noticed the way Dean lit up when Sam suggested Cas might visit, and it broke his heart. How bad a friend had he been that he hadn't noticed how much Dean had missed him? Hadn't noticed how much his soul had been reaching out?
"Dean!" Cas' voice echoed through the forest, weaving through the trees lighter than the wind. Cas didn't belong to the forest like Dean did, but you wouldn't have been able to tell that after half an hour of them being there. Cas was as free as Dean was between the trees.
Dean kept on promising himself that he'd get better, that one day he would say 'last one' and he would be telling the truth. It hadn't happened yet, but he wasn't giving up hope yet. Maybe this time something would break the cycle, and he'd stop just sitting there listening while his parents talked about his career like it was the devil's work and his decision to pursue it was the start of all the bad things in the world.
He held his breath, and pulled the lid off. Apparently this guy was family, and fear had never stopped Dean from facing his family before, and that wouldn’t change now.
“Yes actually. I was thinking of a pair of wings, looking like they’re folded against my back, colored with splotches of watercolor. Preferably dark colors, but you’re the expert on what looks good around here, maybe some flowers or vines where they would attach to my back if they were real.” Dean nodded, he could probably have that bit over the scars, and have solid color flowers to properly cover them up. Cas went into a little more detail on placement and Dean dutifully sketched each detail he mentioned. He would draw up the proper designs later in the week, this was just so he knew what kind of thing Cas wanted.
Dean always feared Cas  would fall and hurt himself, especially when suspended so high in the air, but the second he was dragged away by the magic of a boy flying through the air, he found himself as awestruck as he had been the first time he'd ever seen Cas perform.
Just a quick warning, I'm going away next week, for two weeks, and won't have my laptop in order to update. Meaning, no update next week, or the week after, and then we'll see about the one after that (It depends on what time I get home and editing and all that. That update might have to be on Sunday, but I'll try to get a chapter up at some point that weekend)
Castiel woke up that morning just like he had the morning before. He was warm, comfortable, his hand was resting softly on top of Dean's hip, and his nose was being tickled by the soft hair on the top of Dean's head in a way that really should have been unpleasant, but was actually just strangely domestic. A small smile spread across his face for a moment as he enjoyed the warm feeling in his gut, before his thoughts unexpectedly turned to what Charlie had said the day before.
Dean directed Cas to lay on his front while he adjusted the chair for him. He put the design onto transfer paper, and carefully pressed it onto Cas' back. He couldn't stop himself from grinning when he saw his designs in the purple lines on Cas' back—no matter how many times he did this, it would never get any less amazing.
He was wearing jeans and a t-shirt, more casual than Dean had ever seen him before, but with a certain confidence in his own skin that was almost visible around him. His hair was messy, as always, but there was something about him…
Cas purred quietly. He didn't mean to purr, but he guessed it did sum up his feelings pretty well. He was always happy to spend some time with Dean, even if Dean wouldn't know it was him.
The lyra was hoisted up into the air, and Cas started spinning, getting faster and faster with each second. This routine was a familiar one, something he could perform with his eyes closed. It was so effortless, like it was as easy for Cas as breathing.
The alarm on his phone went off, warning him that it was time for his first appointment, and he silently thanked Past-Dean for knowing he would get distracted and lose track of time. He put the designs for Cas away again, and slowly walked out to the front of the store, heading over to Claire.
He couldn't stop himself from laughing when he saw the top story about the premiere. Every single front-page headline on every single newspaper was focused on Castiel's newest creation—no, it wasn't the beautiful dress he designed specifically for Jo Harvelle to wear to this red carpet, tying in aspects of her role as well as the natural flair she carried with her everywhere—it was the little bruise on Dean Winchester's neck.
It had been a while, at the very least. Dean chuckled to himself. Even Lisa… Dean had liked her, and losing her had been like a kick in the chest but… Dean had the feeling he'd loved the idea of her more than he'd actually loved her.
I don't have a beta, so if you see any mistakes, please point them out in the comments so I can fix them.
He tried to yell, but all that came out was a slightly panicked "mew." Well… that wasn't supposed to happen.
He washed his hands and resteralized his equipment—though he didn't expect to be using it for this appointment—leaving his sketchbook on the side with a freshly sharpened pencil, and then headed out to see whether his next appointment was already there. He was a minute or two early, but Dean had never heard anyone complain about getting in early.
“Is that going to be possible?” Cas sounded so worried, like he expected Dean to throw him out for wanting something so specific, or maybe just tell him that it was too complicated, impossible to become a reality, and that Cas was just wasting Dean’s time.
"Maybe where you're from," Cas said and Dean could hear the shrug in his words, "but I'm not human and where I'm from it's completely normal to keep an eye on others when they are vulnerable. And, correct me if I'm wrong, but you are pretty vulnerable while unconscious."
And then they were kissing again, their lips moving as one as love and promises wordlessly passed between them.
The phone he was holding buzzed, breaking him out of his musings, only for an even bigger smile to spread across his face.
Castiel shrugged his shirt off, lying down on his front just as he had for all their other appointments. "Maybe? I was having some flashbacks." He sighed, his eyes looking troubled for a moment before he closed them.
But now it had, and he had the entire rest of the evening to flop onto his couch and pretend the rest of the world didn't exist. Maybe he'd stick some Dr. Sexy on, and order a pizza; that was always a good way to spend an evening.
About a minute later they walked into Cas' room, which looked exactly the same as it did when he left. "This is my friend Cas' room," Dean informed him, "he's away at the moment, but he loves cats so I'm sure he won't mind if we just stay here for a bit."
; the next moment, his husband's lips were pressed against his and he was kissing back without a care for where they were.
"Sure, it was good," Dean shrugged. It hadn't been the best week ever, but he'd admittedly had worse weeks, and he could already tell that this week was going to be worse—his family dinners always made everything worse.
A relieved breath escaped him when he saw Dean already sitting at their usual table, Charlie and Benny both already there, as well, and a free seat right next to Dean which Cas couldn't wait to sit in. He grabbed the first lunch that looked edible and went to join them, a small smile on his face which only grew the closer he got.
"What's going on, Cas," he sighed, when he couldn't stand it any longer. He'd never been good with uncomfortable silences, even more so when it was with Cas. Normally things were so comfortable with Cas, they had known each other for years, had talked about everything under the sun together, and now… now it was like there was a brick wall standing between them.
Dean stared wordlessly at Cas for a long moment, his mouth opening and closing but no words coming out. He seemed to come to a decision about something, and moments later he was leaning forwards and covering Cas’ mouth with his own.
It wasn't an over exaggeration to say that Ellen's choice of people for Dean was absolute shit. They either ended up being assholes, or Dean just didn't have anything in common with them. Or they judged Dean like hell for being an elf tattoo artist and he had to leave before he punched them in the face. He got enough shit from his parents without having to deal with random dates going on about it too.
"Is the lake close?" Dean asked, his voice low as though he was worried about shattering the tranquility of the forest. Castiel knew that wouldn't happen, knew he could scream at the top of his lungs and the peace of the forest wouldn't be affected, it would just keep on going like it always did.
Charlie nodded, gesturing to where Garth had just arrived and was gathering his lunch. "We're not going to be lonely without you, go and do whatever. Be sappy, we don't mind."
Just like every other time, Cas just sighed quietly and said something vague. "Somewhere far away." And just like every other time, Dean just shrugged and took the answer as it was. He wasn't going to push Cas for more details than he wanted to give.
"Dean, I don't know what you expected," Castiel replied, feeling like the bad cop and hating the feeling. This wasn't on him. Dean was the one who had avoided him. Dean was the one who cheated. Castiel was just the first to gather his wits and try to sort it out. "Look at everything that has happened, are you really surprised that we might not be able to get back to how we used to be after this?"
"I know," Cas interrupted, "but I—I feel like me again. Like the—the better version of the me before the accident."
Claire nodded, quiet for a moment before she asked, "would you like to hear some stories of him? So you can at least know the angel we knew?"
Grieving was in stages, Dean knew that, and although he'd lost so many people by this point that his grieving was mainly just drinking, he figured that must be what was happening here. He didn't know what the order was, but he knew denial was one of them. That was all this was, Claire in denial.
They moved together, Cas' hands slipping into Dean's hair and tilting his head to the side until they fit together perfectly. It stayed chaste, both of them keeping their mouths closed, but it was still the best kiss Dean had ever had.
Now, Castiel wasn’t a possessive husband; he didn’t care about the many girls Dean had to kiss for his roles—that was just acting—though the number of women who made real advances on Dean did get very tiring, very quickly. Even so, Castiel couldn’t stop the delighted little laugh at the thought that everyone now knew that Dean had someone out there. They didn’t know it was Cas, but they didn’t need to; they knew there was someone and that was enough.
"Hello, Pam," Dean said, "good to see you back." He walked back to his station, leading Pamala, and gesturing for her to take a seat on the chair. "Has it all healed properly?"
Baby trotted smoothly, not bothered by the noise after so long. Dean allowed himself to bask in the satisfaction of a job well done. One more crowd enchanted by the magic of Dean's family.
Also I understand that things are weird and you guys are probably as tired as I am... But if you have ten seconds to write a comment it would mean the world to me! I'm struggling with motivation at the moment (I think I'm starting to realise how long this story is, and getting terrified of commitment) (saying that I promise there is 0 chance of this story being abandoned. I'm going to keep going, but comments would definitely help)
Dean only just managed to bite back a reflexive 'everything you do is good' and instead just gave him a smile and a nod, and ran through the section with Baby again.
He was about half a second away from leaping to his feet and possibly trying to find whatever weapon he could, when his tired brain caught up with his eyes, figuring out the dimensions and placement of the orbs.
"You've got to look after yourself," Cas said softly, his nails scritching quietly against the leather seat as Dean hit a particularly painful bit.
There was a moment of silence, both of them sitting there in the quiet of the night. "You need to sleep," Cas said gently, his gaze gently resting on Dean. "You can relax, I'll watch over you."
Also! As you might have seen, I have updated the chapter count (to actually have a number!). There is an end to this story!! We are till a bit away, but it exists!
“Well, I just checked your timetable for today,” Claire announced, ”and I’ve cleared it out. You’re gonna be busy on Monday, and Benny’s going to have to cover walk-ins, but you’re going home.”
"Looking for you, dumbass," Dean replied, leaning some of his weight against Cas and laughing when he nearly made the normally graceful Castiel fall flat on his face.
“Cas,” Dean started, his voice a croak as he looked up at Claire and Jack, “he’s the guy from my dream.”
And so long as nothing went disastrously wrong today—a shiver went down Dean's spine just at the thought of it—it would be even better once complete.
Castiel cackled, unable to hold it back any longer. The sheer absurdity of their situation. "You thought I was going to leave you, and were just waiting for it to happen. I was thinking the exact same thing! I was waiting for you to leave me, too! I thought you were looking for someone you could be publicly married to, without all the problems of being an openly bisexual celebrity."
"Sounds good," Castiel nodded, following Dean back and taking a seat on the tattoo chair without Dean prompting him.
"I don't think it was even an invite. Mom just said, 'family dinner on Friday, make sure your brother comes'." Sam put on a slightly ridiculous high pitched voice when impersonating Mary, and it was enough to break the tension in the call, and reduce them both to giggles. It was like being small children again. Back before they both became self aware enough to realize how messed up their family was.
“Do you think it was Cas?” New voice, still safe. But different? Good, safe, home, but not in the same way the other voice was. He was too tired to figure out what it meant, his vessel distantly aching. His name was Cas, they were talking about him, he just needed to- his eyes stayed closed, his voice refused to make any noise.
"He said no," Benny interrupted, placing their drinks on the table and smoothly slipping in between them. "It was lovely to see you, Lisa," his tone dropped with sarcasm, "but I think it's time for you to go."
He shook his head and focused back on the flowers he was coloring. This particular crisis could wait until he was home—in his empty apartment—and wasn't in the middle of a tattoo.
"Before I was born," Jack agreed, "when I showed Cas the perfect future. I didn't know they were married, but I knew Cas' perfect future involved having Dean by his side forever."
"Well this is clearly about our parents," Dean hummed, thinking the options over. There weren't many. "Seeing as it's a Monday, I'd bet… family dinner some time soon?"
"Leave your plate, I'll sort out the food and then take it back when I take mine," Dean said quickly, shooing Cas out the room. Cas chuckled at that, his husband knew he had been in the middle of a sketch when he left for lunch, and he appreciated the chance to get back to it sooner. "I love you, see you soon."
It was just a joke, but already, even from this single date, Dean knew he didn't want it to stay that way forever.
He was immeasurably glad when he checked the time and saw it was pretty much time for his consultation. He loved the freedom of designing a big piece, and loved the fact that a good ninety percent of the time it was only people who were serious about their tattoos that came in for consultations. Walk-ins were fine and all, but Dean hated the idea of tattoos, and especially his tattoos, being counted as mistakes in the future, and more than a few of his walk-ins gave off that air. The air of quickly-made decisions that seemed amazing at the time, but even as early as the next day started feeling like a mistake. Dean wasn’t immune to ideas like that, but he liked to think he thought things over well before he did them.
Cas laughed, sounding honestly happy. "When I was very small I wanted to either be a giraffe, or an eagle."
Castiel grinned as his driver drove them onto set, a folder filled with designs sitting on the back seat next to him. A rock song was on the radio, one of the ones that Cas couldn't name but knew every word of, thanks to Dean. Everything just seemed so good this morning.
Dean curled up in the passenger seat again, this time due to exhaustion, rather than anxiety. He was in his wolf form, his head resting on Cas’ thigh with Cas’ hand in his fur as Cas drove. He hadn't realised how tiring packing up all his stuff could be, especially when he’d had the same room for his entire life. He’d never had to empty his room before, and it had taken a while, even longer seeing as he had to stop to tell Cas stories every time they found something new.
"Yeah." It wasn't, not really, not when every time he brought it up his parents would try and talk him out of it, not when he had never told anyone what he wanted to do without them questioning if he was sure, if he thought that an elf should really be a tattoo artist. It wasn't fun, though it always made him feel better when he talked to the others at the store. Nearly all of them had similar experiences, and although he hated that they'd had to go through that too, he was glad he had people to share his experiences with.
“I love him you know,” Dean whispered, “he’s the best thing that ever happened to me, I just wish I could find a way to tell him that. I’ve tried, but I’m always too much of a coward.”
Charlie was leaning against the front desk, and Dean went to stand with her when he saw the waiting room was empty. Charlie was fiddling with her lip ring, and Dean could already tell she was bursting with the need to say something.
"I'd love that," Dean grinned, grabbing his phone out of his pants. "What's your number?." He felt giddy just saying it, and could barely believe this was real. He was going to be seeing Cas again.
The news was going wild, wondering who Dean’s mysterious lover was. Could it be a co-star? Maybe it was a childhood friend, maybe a high school sweetheart, or maybe a whirlwind romance after his last press tour.
"Are you going to tell me what's going on with you?" Dean asked, rolling onto his side so he could look at Cas without straining his neck. "There's something weighing on you, I can feel it. You're not even looking free when in the air like you used to."
I', sorry. I meant to post this earlier... but... I didn't. Life is tiring and I didn't have the spoons to edit it. However! I promise (and you can hold me to this) that I will have the last chapter of this posted this week. Probably before Friday as well.
"We are idiots," Dean sighed, falling heavily back onto the armchair he’d been sitting in earlier and smiling fondly at Cas. “I’m sorry. I promise, I’m never happier than when I’m with you.”
Dean was left with the custard-filled donut, which he happily grabbed before ditching the box in the trash bin just inside the door, and leaning back against the wall. He would head to his station to set up for the morning once he was done eating.
He loved cooking, but his mom refused to let him in the kitchen. He hated sports, but that was all his dad wanted to talk about. Not to mention that  Sam had been showing up exactly when the food was being served for the last year. It just happened he had a better idea of when that was than Dean did.
Castiel thought about his answer carefully, shaking the blanket they had brought and placing it down to have something to do with his hands. “None quite as nice as this one,” he eventually said, “but there are some beautiful places. I’ll show you sometime, it’ll be good to get us both out into the fresh air.”
"Dean, we've got a walk-in for you," Claire said, waiting until Dean nodded before she left the room.
"You thought I'd gone for good, didn’t you," he sighed, and it was definitely a statement rather than a question.
Dean normally acted like the tough, emotionless, all-American straight guy the world expected him to be. But when he was alone with Cas, or when it was just his family there, his rough outer shell melted away, leaving the soft, sappy, loving Dean that Cas fell in love with. That Dean would do anything for his family, was the first to jump in to help people, loved his family and tried to make sure they knew it, even when he struggled with the word. He was happy to welcome anyone who needed it into the family and was always patient with those around him. Dean loved with all his heart, hated compliments, and did whatever he could to make everyone around him smile.
"Yes," Castiel agreed quietly, his gaze caring on Dean's back when he turned his attention back to the woods around them. Cas couldn't deny that Dean was the most beautiful creature he'd ever seen, nor could he say that Dean's soul was so pure it blinded him. But a bond? A permanent tie between Dean and Castiel? Did Cas even want that? And even more importantly, did he deserve that?
"Hello Dean," the gravelly voice of Cas replied, his voice calm like he couldn't understand why Dean sounded worried. "Are you alright?"
Cas hadn’t started yet by the time Dean was settled, but his lyra was lowered and Dean could tell he was about to. The audience was holding their breath, aware that they were about to witness magic, and Cas… Cas was smiling. He was relaxed, he was happy, he was exactly where he wanted to be.
With Cas' support, Dean had called Bobby. Their first conversation had only been short, but it had been a start. Dean had been invited to more than one extended family gathering, and he'd even brought Sam to a couple, and it was lovely to see everyone again. Just like the forest, Dean hadn't realized how much he missed them all until he saw them again. It seemed they all disliked John and Mary even more than Dean, expressing their disappointment in their choices more than once, which Cas heartily agreed with.
"No problem," Jo replied, and Dean knew she had understood. They shared a smile, before both of them had to head back to work.
Their small talk was easy and light, familiar in a way Dean normally did his best to avoid getting with customers. He was polite and friendly to everyone, sure, but with Cas it was just… different. More.
“Oh yeah?” Castiel had no idea what Dean was talking about, but he knew Dean would explain it. He sat down on the blanket next to the familiar, the blanket not quite big enough meaning they had to sit close together, their arms close enough that Cas could feel Dean's warmth on his skin. If he just shifted a tiny bit, their arms would brush.
"Yeah, I'd like to see the press have a heart attack when they see them," Dean smiled wistfully up at the sky, getting himself a swat on the shoulder.
Dean needs a new laptop, but doesn't have much money so decides that money going towards eating has to go, so he ends up only eating one meal a day. He hides it from everyone he knows, and has convinced himself (and John brought him up telling him) that he can't ask for help. Cas does eventually find out, and goes all BAMF creature-y when he realises what's been going on, before giving Dean his food and promising that he has more than enough money to feed Dean as well as himself while Dean needs the help.
He hung upside down, the spinning slowing as he hung there, his eyes locked onto Dean’s. No one else could see him, the gap in the big top was at the wrong angle for that, but Cas could.
"Thanks, Cas," Dean replied, being hit yet again with a reminder of how much he would miss Cas when his tattoo was finished. Obviously Dean had his friends who cared about him to the ends of the earth, but he'd never had anyone care about him quite in the way Cas seemed to care, even though they barely knew each other.
“What is it?” he asked her, already feeling exhausted. When Charlie was restraining herself, you just knew it was going to be something bad.
"Yes," Dean squinted in confusion, "apparently only Cas was interested in my nature tattooing skills today."
"This means a lot to me, you know," Cas said after another comfortable quiet. "This design, this tattoo, I can't—I can't explain what it means to me."
"Okay," the man nodded, stiffly taking a seat on the leather chair. "I'm Castiel," he winced slightly at his own full name, adding quickly, "most people call me Cas." Dean made a mental note to use the nickname; he was not in the mood for making the guy even more uncomfortable than he already looked.
“Good,” Cas nodded, “I know it will have to be big, I just— I just want them gone.” He harshly pulled his shirt back on and turned to look Dean in the eye. The staring should have been uncomfortable, but it really wasn’t. Dean could see the pain and desperation in the depths of those startlingly blue eyes, and he could only hope his own eyes were sending the reassurances he was trying for.
"You spent time with her willingly. She wanted to sleep with you, and maybe you said no, but that still doesn't explain that bit."
"Smells good," Dean called, taking the wooden steps two at a time and wrapping his arms around Cas the moment he was close enough. They shared a chaste kiss before Cas answered, the angel pulling away to talk before Dean had a chance to deepen it.
Every single article he read was covering the exact same event—the premiere of the new Dean Winchester film, “Last Night On Earth,” which had been released the day before. His co-stars were all incredibly talented actors who complimented each other and their roles perfectly, and even without seeing it Castiel knew it was going to be as amazing as every single news site had been predicting since the roles had been cast. Though watching an amazing movie wasn't the main reason Cas was glad the premiere was over. After all, now that nearly all the promotion and the premiere were done, the actors could go home.
His mind was racing, jumping from one topic to another, enough thoughts bubbling up that Dean couldn't even begin to relax enough to sleep, never mind actually fall asleep. And to make things even worse, his back ached. It was probably from spending so many hours hunched over a book studying, but whatever the reason was, it was not helping him fall asleep at all.
Their other friends quickly appeared from the back of the store, grins on their faces as they grabbed the donuts Dean had expected from the moment he bought them. Benny picked the jelly-filled one, Jo grabbed the powdered one, Garth grabbed the weird bacon one which certain people swore by, but not even Dean — Mr. Bacon — dared to try. Claire was the last to reach him, grabbing her glazed donut with a happy hum which made her blonde wings ripple in what Dean now recognized as joy. Their resident teenage angel was working as their receptionist for now, but as soon as she gets her licence she will join their store as Dean's intern.
