Giving no room for resistance, they lifted his legs until his hips and lower back left the bed. When they pushed down, they bent his legs double, pressing his knees to his chest with a terrifying pressure. Steve let out a yelp, but they didn't crush him, only threatened to, and that's where they held him, immobilized, open, terrifyingly exposed.
"C'mere," Clint said, "on my lap," which would have been a whole lot easier if he'd just left Steve's arms free.
Steve didn't stay to see more. He turned tail and ran, but the scene played out over and over in his head as he went.
"Yes," Steve admitted. He'd made that promise to his own imagination, thinking he was about to die. He'd never thought the voice could have been real, could have actually come for him—nor that it could even represent a more horrifying fate than Stark.
"Now, this isn't some PornHub dildo on a stick," Stark was saying, incomprehensibly. Maybe he wasn't even saying real words; he had gone back to soldering some exposed panel on the robot arm, and was only half paying attention to the camera. "You'll love him. Silly, show him."
By the time the cage clicked open behind him, he was close to delirium. He kicked backwards, half expecting the sound to have been some hallucination, to meet metal as he had every time before—and nearly lost it when his leg actually extended.
He tried to move forwards, away from the intrusion, but only rubbed himself against the bed, and that was how he discovered he was decidedly, impossibly,
It was a casual swat that nevertheless sent Steve's head ringing. Stark's voice came distorted as he said something like, "Just keep watching, Thor. Take in the experience," and the others laughed, and Steve had no choice but to take in the experience too, held in place by the cock that impaled him.
"Come say good morning," Stark murmured into his ear, thrusting his erection against Steve's crack, and he shuddered.
Besides the poorly-conceived vent plan, he tried fashioning weapons from what he could find, a splintered leg of furniture ("Leave that by the door, please," said Jarvis), a short, crude rope fashioned from the used bandages, washed and dried ("Please thoroughly cleanse your hands when you're done with that," said Jarvis), the blade carefully dug out from his safety razor ("I regret to inform you that you won't be receiving a replacement," said Jarvis).
And suddenly, Steve found himself listening with interest—not at the idea that these rapists were the good guys, but at the word "scepter", which for some reason caught his attention like a fish on a hook, when he'd managed to tune the conversation out most of the evening, focused on just surviving the treatment.
Steve shook himself, and began to work the window, looking for a latch. The room was quite a ways up. Even he didn't know if he could survive that kind of jump, but he'd worry about escaping first, getting down after that.
Sliding his shoulder drunkenly along the wall for support, Steve stumbled his way along, and wondered distantly if there was a power outage. Those had been common back home, growing up, in a simpler, saner time. Maybe that was why he found the darkness familiar, almost soothing. If nothing else, it hid his nakedness, this body that he hardly recognized anymore, marked with handprints of all sizes, an assortment of nasty stains and welts and bruises telling nasty tales.
When the room got into some kind of ruling debate, Steve couldn't take it anymore, and began to buck his hips backward, rocking himself against the intrusion, just to get it over with. Anything to get it out a little sooner.
He was already running on fumes, aching, sweating, clutching the meager of his bedsheet around himself. Every hurried step sent a jolting ache throughout his body, his well-fucked ass, his bruised and cut limbs. He couldn't outrun a tortoise at this rate, but maybe he wouldn't need to. He was nothing, he was just a sex toy, an object. Whoever this man was—Stark's enemy, Stark's executioner—surely he wouldn't be bothered to chase after Steve.
He made it one step, but barely a second, before a searing pain tore through him. It felt like someone had jammed a white-hot fork into the back of his skull, and twisted it.
Behind him, a weight shifted. With surprising speed Stark's arm snaked over him, hand falling on his, hard.
A panic set in, as he tried to kick his legs out against the door, but he had no room, no leverage, and the feeble, tiny kicks did nothing.
As soon as his bare feet cleared the opening, the cage shut with a solid click, just like the collar had clicked into place behind his neck.
His first day, jerking himself off desperately on the carpet the second he had a chance, grinding his ass into the carpet.
It wasn't like he could respond, with the intrusion in his mouth. If he could have, he might have asked, "Who's Tony?"
Stark shouldn't have had that kind of strength—those gauntlets alone had to weigh a ton, and he was wearing them and dragging Steve at the same time.
"No," Steve whined, unable to believe that he was being aroused by an inanimate object. The mechanical arm settled on a rhythm with metronome regularity, and each one pushed so deliciously against all his surfaces, lighting him up from the inside. His cock was hard and dripping in what felt like an instant, painting his thighs with pre-come. Soon he was shamelessly moaning, panting, using his limited movement not to try to get free, but to angle himself for every thrust, jutting his hips into the motion, seeking more of that friction.
On his way to the door, Stark turned, and gave him an incredulous look. "Don't be ridiculous," he said, and flipped the lights on his way out. "You'll do that anyway."
The life that was now very much in danger, Steve realized, as the stranger began to work his scepter back out, one hand fisted around it, the other bloodying itself bracing against Stark's chest.
"Silly?" Steve repeated in disbelief, as the piano opened up, to show not keys, but an array of... what? They looked like tubes, of various thicknesses, or maybe they were mechanical arms, like the one Stark was working on. When they lifted, with a whirring sound, they resembled nothing more than a brood of snakes rising from their nest, heads in various shapes, ranging from grabby hands to ones decidedly more phallic in nature. The camera lens that had been ogling him was one of the heads, and the thin arm it was attached to came zipping out to peer at him more closely, scanning his entire body with graceful, curious sweeps.
Steve was sure his body was shutting down. In the numbing cold, he felt weightless, like his plane was plummeting down to Earth and he was at zero-g within. It might have happened years ago, it might have been centuries ago for all he knew, but for him it hadn't even been weeks. He'd been a hero, he'd had a life, he'd had Peggy, and Bucky, and then there was ice, and then, nothing.
There came a tearing sound, and then Stark began to stretch the bandages over him, taping his skin back together like a jigsaw. "See, every piece of decent technology they're using in the military these days, I'm the brains behind it. The stuff that came out of my labs today is going to do more good than you could in a lifetime, prancing around in your reds and blues. You want to serve your country? Just lie back and spread your legs for me, keep me happy. You get it?"
of moving. But holding still was equally agonizing, the damn thing was tearing him apart just being inside him, showed no signs of leaving.
It was just as they had left it; even Stark was just as they had left him, still lying on his back, staring at the ceiling. He hadn't moved an inch, not an arm, not a tilt of his head, but the blood seeping from his chest had spread into his bedding, giving him a bloody cape.
He considered resisting, but as with all things in his new sham of a life, it got easier as it went on, almost seemed normal. That was how he wound up bent over the coffee table, breath fogging up the glass, arms wrenched behind him, ass stuffed full of cock. The big man pounded into him from behind—lazy thrusts that tore the breath out of Steve with each splitting push—and casually chatted with the others while he did so.
"I... I heard you. After I woke up, from being frozen. And now, here. Frozen again. Are you... What are you? An ice... spirit?"
Being blind should have been a step up from being unconscious, but Steve still felt his breath quicken at having his sense of vision cut off, at not being able to see these two people in front of him, what what they intended to do with him.
inside him the way plastic hadn't. Stark rutted against him a few times before draping his body over Steve's, arms coming around him in yet another cage. Rough hands clapped over his ears, grasping the sides of his head and using it for leverage as he fucked into Steve's waiting hole in earnest, opening him up with every thrust.
Cover blown, Steve just went for it. He slammed the door into Stark with a satisfying thump, hoping he'd gotten Stark's good arm with that, or his skull. Without a pause, he pivoted around the door, found Stark doubling over, and yanked him into a headlock, elbow over his throat, opposite hand pinning one of his and grasping for the other.
"You're not going to be able to get the drop on me," Stark said, conversationally. He grossly underestimated Steve's desperation.
"I should have told you that was a shock collar," said Stark, coming forward to squat in front him. Then he quirked his lips. "Should I have? Doesn't matter, I'm telling you now. I'm gonna need to punish you for that little escape attempt, but not now, I'm busy. Remember that for me, will you? Jarvis, show him where to go."
"We are not square," Stark said, gesturing with the iron. "I thought you learned your place, but sometimes it takes a couple tries before the lesson sticks, huh, Cap? Now, I hate repeating myself, can't stand it, but this guy will give you a refresher."
Steve didn't know how he was expected to listen, while the whip fell across him, again and again, no rhythm or predictable pattern, seeming to find five fresh strips of unmolested skin to electrify each time. Stark was breathing heavily with the exertion, but he didn't let up—on the whipping, or the lecturing.
There came the sound of a toilet flush, and Steve flinched. Without conscious input from his brain, he put it in his own mouth, even held it clenched between his teeth and groped with his bound hands to fasten it. He somehow managed to thread the buckle just as Stark got back, and something of his desperate efforts must have pleased the man.
Steve grunted. There wasn't a single good thing he could say to that, not while chained to this cage.
"I wasn't—" Steve hissed, as he instinctively struggled against them, and the hard edges dug into his skin. "It's not like I was going anywhere. Isn't this a little over the top?"
He was getting lightheaded, he was loosening from his body, he was nothing but the searing pain that drowned out everything else, the sharp crack of the whip, the hoarse shouts that he kept forgetting were his own, until occasionally he'd choke on his own saliva, and the sound would cut off.
When she came back, she was holding up two hands. One had a strip of black fabric dangling from it. The other held a syringe.
"I kid," the man said, after a beat, "I kid. You're all mine." He swiped it all out with his thumb, and this time the line of text was replaced with a single word, written in strange and angular runes.
Shakily, Steve began to crawl towards the arrow, his plugged ass sticking up into the air, for all to see. The arrow disappeared when he got close, and reappeared a few feet away. Humiliated, feeling the burning eyes of the entire room on him, Steve kept his head down, and moved his four limbs, one after another. He was desperate not to get shocked again, but he couldn't go quickly either—every movement jostled the plug in his ass, and his erection was bobbing prominently underneath him as he went, weeping a trail of precome beneath him.
"This is better for your first time anyway. Make you feel it." Stark resumed his earlier train of thought, as he resumed his movements, with agonizing slowness, emphasizing each filthy syllable that dropped from his lips with another languid thrust. "Every inch of my cock in your virgin hole. No one else can ever have this from you. I hope you weren't saving it for someone, because it's mine. You're mine."
Laughter echoed in his head, flooding the crevices of his brain. It wasn't a kind laugh, but Steve welcomed the distraction regardless.
It wasn't until Stark mounted him, shoving into him with all the intimate force of a gut punch, that Steve cried out, and began to struggle again weakly.
Maybe this was right. To be an inanimate body, a possession, an object. He was Stark's fucktoy. It didn't matter if he wanted it or not, if he was conscious or not. He wore Stark's collar, his brand. What other mark of ownership could there be? Stark could do whatever he wanted with him. Take his air. Take his consciousness. Fuck him while he was out, or whore him to others. Even if he was too injured to serve his purpose awake, his senseless body was all Stark needed from him. His current state was proof enough.
Steve hadn't even noticed the pain, but Stark kissed his palms mockingly. Steve didn't quite have the presence of mind to claw at his face before his hand was dropped.
Side note: I noticed that I accidentally tagged this fic with "Mild Language". (I think I meant to put "Mild Breathplay" for the first chapter, but got autocompleted.) Hope some of you got a chuckle at the idea of warning for saying "hell" alongside explicit rape and shock collars. I've taken that off and added the Breathplay tag for real this time.
It was an uncomfortable position, his limbs pulled to one side, his head turned to the other, but Steve managed to swivel his mouth away, so that the cock prodded against his cheek instead, warm and springy.
A hand fell on his shoulder, and he waited to be corrected with a blow, if this wasn't what Loki had wanted.
The number 30:00 lit up on the ground in front of him, next to the arrow, and started ticking down immediately. Terror filled Steve, lifted him to his limbs, and thankfully the countdown stopped.
Loki took himself in hand as well, rubbing his penis all over Steve's face between jerks, covering him with spit and precome and the scent of him. His cockhead appeared in short bursts through his fingers, and Steve wanted it, salivated for it. He kissed the rocking knuckles instead, and then the balls swinging beneath, suckling greedily until he felt them tighten.
But how could Stark be sitting there, when he was currently buried hilt-deep inside Steve, gripping him around the rib cage with gouging fingers? It made no sense.
Stark released his head, letting his chin bang down onto the cage, and straightened up. Ran his hands down either side of Steve's neck, over the collar, down across his bandaged back. Even overheated as he was, Stark's hands felt hotter still, and drew tingling trails down Steve's skin wherever they went.
By the time the widest part came free, he had his cheek crammed into the fibers of the carpet, ass up, mouth wide open in a silent gasp. Then it was done, and he threw the thing as far away as possible. It landed, rolled into one of the legs of the massive bed and lay there, innocently nestled into the carpet.
Steve was fighting for his life, and all Stark cared was that it made his hole a better, tighter fuck.
He couldn't have said it out loud, because he was gagged—but then he realized he'd lost some time, and the gag was gone. He was freely drooling down his chin now.
Rhodey sounds like he’s only indulging Tony, which is ridiculous, since his situation does pose a dire need to isolate himself. Preferably forever.
Steve shrugged. “There’s so many movies I haven’t seen yet… Might as well start catching up on all of that.”
Strange nods curtly and opens another portal, this one directly to the medical bay. Thor and Strange go first, Steve and Peter follow as if hypnotized.
The Compound was surrounded by a few impressive hectares of woods and fields that were originally supposed to be a training ground. Now, Steve is just glad for the quiet and the privacy.
” Steve echoed incredulously. “Tony, I didn’t… I thought you left because you didn't like me anymore.”
He doesn’t say that to Bruce; the poor guy has more than enough on his plate. Tony tells him to get some rest and forget about him and Steve. They’ll still be able to work together, and that’s all that matters.
“Please,” Steve pleads, with every ounce of desperation he’s feeling. “You’re about to have an anxiety attack.”
Tony took him out to a lovely Italian restaurant where they were seated in a private room in the back. Steve hadn't known Tony had Italian roots, but over the course of their meal, Tony told him about his mother. How she’d taught him to cook and play piano, and how they used to fly out to Italy once a year.
Which, by all means, isn’t a lie. But his actual goal is to get access to a lab, any lab, in which he can busy his hands and his mind. To get all he horrible memories out of his head.
Steve avoided his eyes, obviously still miserable. “Look, I’m fine, nothing happened. Just, will you please come to the couch?”
Tony always complains about Steve getting up “at the ass-crack of dawn”, but it’s a habit he can’t shake. Especially since he regularly gets to watch his gorgeous husband sleep during sunrise.
Steve seemed to think about it, and Tony tried to pretend he didn’t want Steve to say yes as badly as he did.
She’s tapping away on the communication device she’s been provided with, keeping tabs on how the world is dealing with the crisis, and says “Be glad I’ve been trained to ignore my surroundings if I need to. Otherwise you’d be pretty annoying right now.”
Steve was still frowning and Tony knew he probably should’ve given Steve a chance to refuse. Who knew if the man even wanted to have anything to do with him, for all Tony knew Steve had just wanted to get away from New York - Yeah, he didn’t really think this whole thing through.
His heart was beating so frantically Tony was worried it might beat right out of his chest. He hadn't wanted Steve to know. He’d intended for Steve to never find out. It was why he’d left for Malibu, and then left Steve altogether. Better to do it himself, before Steve came to his senses.
Utterly defeated, he got into the coffin, telling himself that there was nothing left that hadn't already been done to him, no humiliation or pain he had left to suffer.
Steve's wrists yanked against their manacles again, raw flesh giving before the steel. He wanted more than anything to plug his ears, tune out Stark's words, but the cuffs stopped him. He was helpless to prevent even that assault.
Steve supposed that would take some of the shock out of it for Stark. But it was the best he could do with what he had.
Steve would have drifted away, but Stark kept stroking him, on the shoulder, down the arm, and every gentle touch made him flinch and shudder anew.
He tried to look anywhere but at his own dark reflection, laid out on the bed, helplessly fucked, but he couldn't avoid seeing it when he checked the timer. He tried to remember boring things, sad things, but his focus was interrupted by the machine's relentless motions, the rasping friction of a damn robot having its way with him. Equally intrusive images—Stark fucking him, on the cage, in the infirmary, Stark filling him just like the machine was doing now—kept sketching themselves in his mind's eye.
"That's right," said Stark, "we spent a lot of cash fishing you out of the depths. You're welcome, by the way. You can start your repayment by giving me a proper thank you. For your life."
"Hm?" came a voice, a feminine voice, from behind. It didn't seem to match up with the sensation of a thick length rocking into him, splitting him apart with each push.
"Stark, please," Steve begged, as the machine whirred between his legs. "Please stop, please, I promise I won't fight you." Stark was a human (technically), he had his limits. Steve was sure that this machine could hold him here for an eternity, never tiring, never stopping. His body would disintegrate before the machine so much as faltered.
That was exactly how it felt, as little sense as it made. He nodded, weakly, the movement pushing a few ice cubes away from his chin. Others fell in to replace them.
He was holding a curved metal band in his hands, which he wrapped around Steve's throat. Steve weakly tossed his head against it, but even if he hadn't been tightly strapped down, there was no fight left in his limp, aching form.
When he heard them approach, his eyes swiveled to look at them, as far as they could go without being able to turn his neck. Steve remembered being that helplessly, and felt an unfamiliar dark emotion kindling in his chest.
Immediately, that collar seemed to tighten around his throat, and the bars seemed to close in on him, compressing him from every side.
Straining for a new breath that wouldn't come, he looked upwards to see two gauntlets fly to Stark, intricate pieces flickering in an insect-like dance, fitting around his forearms like, well, a glove. Steve once again considered the idea that he might actually be centuries in the future, but it was a distant thought. The rest of him was wrestling with the collar that was choking the life out of him, unable to even dig his fingers under it to find a grip.
"I'm afraid that's beyond my power... yet." The voice dropped to a whisper. "But as the Ice Prince, the cold is certainly in my domain. It's not real, you know? The cold."
The last thing he remembered was going down with that plane, the vast ocean looming before him, filling his view. Then the wet, the ice, the bitter, all-consuming cold—
The man was having none of it, and hit him on the back of the head, absently, like he might bang an electronic that wasn't working right.
But as an hand parted the sheet he held clutched over himself, traced down his ribs, scraping through the hair on his chest, the chilling touch sent fresh horror pouring through him. Stark at least had been flesh and blood. His new captor seemed made of ice, could command it at will. The prurient interest the man took in Steve's body, skating over his pecs, rubbing his nipples until they each pebbled up in turn, left Steve with no illusions about what he was after. If he didn't get away, he was going to be fucked by a being made of ice.
Steve looked over at the others, as if they would help him, or even take pity on him and untie him after Clint was through with him, but none of them looked his way, any more than they'd look at the bowl of popcorn they were snacking from. Clint was sitting a little ways off from the others, rather than sharing their couch space with them, aloof and distant. Steve had no way to get their attention, even if he could convince himself that was a good idea.
Too soon, Stark touched the thing inside of him, making him jerk and grunt. It was pulled out slightly, and then sank back in. Out and then in again, changing angles with each stroke, until abruptly it brushed something inside him that made him jump within the limits of his bonds.
"N-no more," his mouth begged, without any conscious input from his brain. "Please, I'll go. Please."
This time, his vision was starting to white out at the edges before the pressure released, and allowed Steve his precious gasp of air. As his lungs filled, the sensation flooded back into him, heady and intense. The scrape of Stark's cock inside him, the weight of another body boxing him in, holding him down, hands resting on neck, as if the collar weren't enough.
To Steve, the question was beyond comprehension. This, coming from the man who'd strapped him down and violated him, in unimaginable ways, at both ends. Hadn't that counted, in Stark's eyes?
It felt foolish to put himself into such a vulnerable position, but his limbs were still weak and trembling, and even if he tried to run now, he wouldn't get far before the shock collar brought him to his knees again.
He felt his arms, still trembling and unresponsive, stretched out, and locked to the far edge. Funny he hadn't noticed the waiting manacles during his stay. There were shackles on the floor too, ready to secure his knees to the foot of the cage. Everything precisely measured to Steve's dimensions, with a chilling, methodical foresight.
"Stark," Steve whimpered, actually whimpered. His teeth were chattering, his body starting to shiver under the cold assault. The ice was getting heavy, inches thick all over him, arms, neck, everywhere, and showed no sign of stopping. He was going to be buried alive. He was going to freeze all over again, and the nothingness that awaited was an old acquaintance that had never left him, but only waited there, patiently, with arms yawning wide open, ready to receive him.
"We're going to take a nice walk down to street level," Steve replied, already racing through it in his mind. A building like this had to have elevators. That would take forever, though, to get down all those floors, in an indefensible position—basically a metal box dangling from a wire. Maybe the stairs instead?
Steve tried to lift his head to look, but his neck was too weak to support it, and he only sagged back down on the hospital bed.
It was hard going with his hands bound, chest caught against the bed, but he managed to buck hard enough to shift the mattress, and then repeat the motion, earning himself a little breathing space. A third and final jerk was enough to slip himself free—but he had no strength left in his body, no hands to catch himself from the fall, and he struck the ground hard. His skull caught something on the way down, and the darkness of the room exploded briefly into brilliant white stars.
Spread out on the couches, passed each other drinks and popcorn from the glass coffee table at gestured requests, bickered back and forth during lulls in the action, like they were used to sharing their lives and thoughts with each other.
From his new position, head down, Steve had a much reduced field of view, but he did see the cart that went by, and caught a glimpse of an array of brightly-colored plastics, varying in size. They were cylindrical and looked like toys, some curved, some with ridges. The smallest was about the width of a man's finger; the largest an obscene girth he would have struggled to wrap two hands around.
Only he’s not, not really. He’s on a ventilator, and none of the brain scans that Steve had begged the doctors to do showed any sign of increased activity.
Rhodey’s stern gaze breaks into a smile. “Just checking. I think you oughta do better being there for them as much as they want you to.”
Steve keeps his head firmly facing forward, just like Tony is. Looking at the skyline and the few stars gleaming in the sky is easier than looking at his husband and all the mistakes he’s made.
Only one of them would walk out of this room. And even though they’d both been aware of the risk of a heart attack the entire time, Steve still felt as unprepared as he did the day Tony first collapsed in front of him.
Tony’s fingers start storming through Peter’s curls almost on their own accord, seeking to provide as much comfort as he can while running through a mental checklist on what to do.
(It feels wrong, doing this without Steve, like a clock that’s trying to tick without one of its core components.)
Nebula and Thor especially, because they all encountered Thanos before. Unfortunately, they all agree that it’s more plausible for Thanos to find them, not the other way around.
Steve wanted to say yes. He’d never been so sure of anything. But he still hadn’t found a way to tell Tony about his parents, and by now, keeping it from him felt more and more like betrayal.
On a whim, Tony decided to already get the movie going; he was almost never eating without doing something else on the side anyway, and he really wanted to avoid the awkward silence that would undoubtedly follow.
Tony snorted bitterly. “Yeah, as if I’d ever be the one walking away. I know you didn't really love me, no one ever does! That’s why I broke up with you before you could realise you made a mistake, and leave me like
Steve smiles sadly. “Yeah. We shouldn’t have...” He trails off, which Tony is immensely grateful for. There’s way too many
“I’m sorry.” It’s the only thing he can say, really. He knew he’d gone too far in that moment, when he’d lifted his shield and saw the far in Tony’s eyes. “I’m so sorry, Tony.”
Luckily, they have a Hulk this time, and Hulk jumps and catches Rhodey like he weighs nothing. They crash into the grass just a few meters away from Steve.
And so, a few minutes later, they met in the living area, Tony staring at the chunks of tree in Steve’s arms, and Steve staring at Tony’s wielding torch.
Shuri nods and leads them down to a room in which Tony is laying on a metal spreader, clad in plain, grey pyjamas and all sorts of data running on the wall behind him.
“He’s alive,” is the first thing Shuri says, which is good, because the tension immediately leaves Peter’s body. “He has a few open wounds, fractures and tearing to his organs, but that should heal within a few days.”
At first, Steve’s lips were still under his, confused and shocked. Then, when Tony kept up the slight pressure, he finally relaxed under him and Tony felt Steve’s hands on his waist as he kissed him back.
The thing is, Tony’s right. The other thing is, Steve knows the alcohol lowers his inhibitions and lets him self-destruct.
Something sharp wedges itself into Steve’s heart, because while he might not know what Tony’s talking about, he does understand the severity of the pain that’s so raw in his voice. “Tony -“
He couldn’t exactly go and fix it himself either, since a look at the news on his phone confirmed that the storm had damaged the power cables that supplied the small community they were residing in with electricity.
Tony’s in the ICU, and the nurses were strict about not letting Steve in there with his dirty and bloodied uniform that he hadn't changed out of, so he had to go back to the tower first.
He worked quickly. He had a very good memory, and so he chose to only put down shapes and colours. The details he could add later.
Steve’s hands are shaking. Tony’s looking at him with a firmness that makes his blood run cold. And he feels fucking
, a small voice in his head whispered, which Tony pointedly ignored. They were doing this to escape Christmas goddammit.)
Then, a tall man in a red cape walks through the portal, practically carrying a young boy with him. And Steve has to do a double take, because it’s been two years since he’s seen any version of that suit, but the spider on his chest leaves no doubt to who it is.
Tony eventually comments on his sudden shyness, and Steve just tells him he only wants to make sure he treats him right. That’s all.
His left hand has started to shake again, and Tony vaguely notices that he’s having trouble breathing.
He doesn’t look into mirrors much anymore. He doesn’t want to see the young man staring back at him; a man who’s barely gotten a scratch from the years that went by, while his husband got that and so much more.
Then, modified weapons based on Stark technology started appearing all over the east coast, and Steve knew he couldn't sit this one out.
M.O.D.O.K. had once again convinced some poor scientist to work for him and assigned him to create a serum that would turn Captain America into their mindless puppet. So far so good; that was just how their weeks went as Avengers these days.
Something close to panic built in Tony’s chest. He couldn’t listen to this, these words he’d longed to hear for so long. (Never like this, not when Steve was drugged and didn’t know what he was saying.)
The silence is heavy and thick, and Steve wants to be mad at Tony, but he can’t. He’s been with him for too long. The only thing he’s able to feel is sadness.
“He needs both of us,” Tony says quietly, tugging Peter towards him to make room for Steve. “You know that.”
“Are you...” Steve falters, doesn’t know if it’s appropriate to ask, but does so anyway, “Are you upset with me?”
“Certainly, yes. It’s time the public recognizes them for what they really are. A security risk, not a savior.”
mess, he’s been the one to start working with Ross, and he’s also been the one to continuously go against his orders, thus making the secretary like them even less.
People move out of their way, and Steve can’t blame them with the way Peter’s voice breaks and dissolves into sobs.
“He’s all I have,” Tony whispers instead of saying any of the chaos that’s wreaking havoc in his mind.
Barely a week later, Peter’s school holds its annual end of the year science fair. Ever since they adopted Peter, Steve hasn’t missed a single one of them. This time though, he hesitates in front of the entrance to the hall.
“Tony?” Steve whispers, afraid that Tony wouldn’t wake up, and afraid of what would happen if he did. “Sweetheart? Can you hear me?”
The Alpha growled and postured, as if Tony had any kind of obligation to submit to him. It’s what finally made Steve’s self-control snap. Even though he
They were lead to their table by one of the waiters; it was huge and round, leaving space for a dozen other guests. Tony hurried to take the seat next to Clint, relieved when Natasha was the one to sit next to him and Steve was at the end of the group. (They’d accepted Bruce’s rejection of the offer to come with them - nobody was keen on jeopardising this year’s good track record with The Other Guy.)
Tony grinned - the bastard, as if he didn't know exactly what his sudden proposal had done to Steve.
So, instead of getting drunk, he spends what little is left of the day sitting on his bed and thinking about how much of an idiot he is.
Tony smiled wryly. Yeah, sleep. It tugged on his eyes and his concentration, but he refused to give in. He knew exactly what he’d see if he did.
The soul stone is glowing innocently on his knuckle, and Steve concentrated on it as best as he can and snaps his fingers.
It only took Tony half a second to notice that that meant they would be Leaving Him Alone With Steve and even less than that to decide he did not want that to happen. Hastily, he was up on his feet.
Throughout he whole flight, he’s aware of Rhodey’s worried glances, but forbids himself from returning them. He’s right after all; this is
“Yeah, I’m okay,” Steve said, briefly considering whether he should scold Tony for having coffee for breakfast before thinking better of it - an argument about coffee was not a good precursor to asking Tony on a date.
Rhodey comes to visit him some time later - how much exactly Tony can’t tell - and he’s not pleased at the state he finds Tony in.
With injuries on the battlefield Steve has always been able to deal; it’s something tangible, and he’s experienced enough to gauge the seriousness of the situation and take action accordingly.
“I’m not helpless, there’s no need to pity me Steve,” Rhodey says mildly. “Now, Tony however is a different story.”
Steve tries and fails to find an answer to that. He collapses on their bed instead and hides his head in his hands.
After she removes the tube that kept him alive for an entire year, it takes almost an hour for Tony to go.
Then, Ross asks Rhodey where the Rogue Avengers are. Tony’s our of the loop on this one, knows something’s happened while he was away, and has to stay silent. Rhodey says he doesn’t know, that they left again, and Ross informs him if the fact that there will be consequences for him to face.
The entire sentence came out of him so quickly that he was already prepared to repeat himself, but Tony grinned and said “Sure thing!” before Steve could even steel himself to ask again.
“He’s been in his forge since noon,” Thor announced, plunking down on the sofa so heavily Steve silently thanked the interior designer that had all of their furniture reinforced. Hulk followed him, holding a huge bowl containing all kinds of snacks, of which he’d already eaten half.
“- and I didn’t intend to pressure him into anything. He doesn’t have to talk to me if he doesn’t want to.”
Steve swallows but doesn’t respond. Since Leipzig, he hasn’t been confronted with Rhodey’s disability like this, and even though it wasn’t him who shot him from the sky, he can’t help but wish it undone.
Tony doesn’t know if Steve knows that, or if he’s trying his level best to make their relationship as cheesy and perfect as possible because that’s just the kind of good person he is.
For all those months, Tony always felt like the cellphone Steve left him was mocking him. Because it wasn’t meant for Tony or even Peter. It was only a means of calling for help if the world was falling apart. It felt like Steve was laughing at him.
“Don’t leave,“ Tony repeated, entirely unbothered by Steve’s slightly shocked facial expression. “I don’t want you to leave.”
Steve has gone down on one knee, and is currently looking at him as if Tony is about to deliver his death sentence.
How was he supposed to save Tony, where was he supposed to get the strength he’d lacked to call him, what do in Siberia once he’d turned back around; Tony clearly didn’t want to see him anymore, and he couldn’t very well leave Bucky instead.
(He was pretty sure Tony would’ve told him to stop the apologies if he could have, but as it was, he wouldn’t ever do that again.)
Meanwhile, the world has fallen into chaos that nobody’s ever seen before. The death toll precedes half of the population.
To his own surprise, Tony did mind the ending that much; it was to be expected from a commercial film after all.
Tony mumbled his affirmation and turned away to avoid staring at that adorably amused expression. At this point, he couldn’t even deny his crush to himself. (And now they were alone. In a cabin. He
Steve bit his lip. It felt… out of place for him, as the Alpha, to be the one needing reassurance. But Tony Stark had been preaching equality since before they met, and they
Steve’s never cursed his struggle to understand modern technology more. The doctors don’t take much time to explain things to him, and all Steve’s able to grasp is that there’s brain damage.
The waiter led them to a little table at the edge of the terrance that was slightly hidden behind some bushes. Tony glanced at the menu then raised his eyebrows at Steve. “Are you gonna lecture me if I get a black coffee?”
But that’s not his biggest worry. From somewhere beneath Tony’s hair, blood steadily oozes out of his head onto his temple, forehead and left cheek. It looks bizarre, almost as if his entire face is broken.
Dating Tony meant being in a constant state of worry. And Tony certainly didn't make it easy. He didn't want to be protected. He wouldn't change just because they were dating, he made that clear for Steve at the very start.
Tony swallowed. “Thanks buddy,” he murmured tightly and tugged the heavy fabric up to his shoulders. He shivered again.
He doesn’t even know where the tears come from; but it feels like a dam is breaking because he ends up standing at the sink with his hands in icy water for fifteen minutes until Steve comes after him.
He’s relieved the lab doesn’t have a lock, or he probably wouldn’t have seen him for at least another few days.
) he saw Tony doing a quick double-take when they met in the common room. Tony himself was also dressed quite casual, which Steve was glad for. He wanted Tony to feel comfortable after all.
It’s ironic, really, that this is the ending neither of them even dreamed of having, because it seemed too unrealistic to hope for, but now it hurts that much more.
Steve sighs. He’s asked himself that question often enough, and the more he thinks about it, the less he can justify it, even in front of himself.
“I didn’t want to,” Steve whispers. “But after the Accords, I just... I was mad at you, and I didn’t think we’d ever come back from that. But now... there’s not a day that I don’t regret leaving it.”
Rhodey sighs. “I know it’s not been easy since Siberia, but we have to be able to be be a team now. And you need to sober up.”
(At night, Tony will wordlessly slip under the covers with him, his eyes wide and haunted, and Steve will wrap his arms around him and pull him close.)
thought at that time. All while the rest of him was so heavy with guilt and anger still he didn’t dare move.
Around him, the chatter went on. Laughter, the clinking of cutlery against pottery; it all blurred together. Tony stared at the tree in the corner of the room and tried to quell the dread bubbling up inside him. He'd agreed to do this, insisted they invite the entire team, even, but now, the prospect of spending the whole evening in Steve’s proximity was daunting. He wished he could just resent the guy, just as most people did with their ex-partners, but Steve was so
As he began to writhe in his restraints, heedless of the leather digging into his flesh, she touched her ear and murmured something.
He could win this, he thought—until something crashed through the window behind him, the one that had taken a blow from the too-heavy nightstand, without a scratch to tell the tale.
Taking a chance, he swung around, reaching desperately for the plug, but the invisible Jarvis was fast on the trigger. Steve collapsed again, mouth open in silent pain.
His groin settled on something soft—Stark had taken a pillow from the bed, and put it over sharp corner, which was surprisingly considerate of him. Otherwise the metal edge might have made a eunuch of him. Steve's bare chest, though, was ground against the cold metal, his nipples hardening on contact, his face pressed down to stare between the bars into his recent accommodations.
There was a faintly medicinal smell, and a touch on his back that made him hiss, but it quickly turned to blessed numbness. He would have been surprised that Stark was even bothering, but he suspected it was something to do with keeping his toys in working order. Or keeping the blood off his floor.
Of course Jarvis chimed in immediately. "Master Stark has been quite busy attending to other matters. He'll be in to see you soon."
He suspected this because of the familiar faces in the room: Nat, perched on the arm of the same couch, sipping from a glass, and Clint sat a ways off aloof and distant. The sight of their faces hit Steve like a sucker punch, and he could almost smell the clinical scent of the infirmary, feel the weakness in his limbs as the drugs kept him at their mercy, a parade of strangers helping themselves to his body in an endless fever dream. Two of those strangers were here today, and he wouldn't have been surprised if everyone in the room had fucked him already, during his stay.
One time he woke to a cock in his ass, as usual, and something didn't add up. He could see Stark sitting there in front of him, playing with his phone. They were back in the infirmary. A nurse passed behind Stark's chair, trying to pretend she wasn't looking.
Steve didn't say anything, which earned him a harder pat than needed, to adhere the bandage. "I get it," he choked out.
"I have not been ordered to do so," said Jarvis, "though I suspect my parameters will soon change, once your behavior is reviewed."
The elevator, when it appeared before him, came like a mirage. Two metal doors, an emergency exit sign, and a panel of buttons that Steve lunged for like salvation. But before he could reach it, a pane of ice came crackling up from the ground, sealing over the door and the panel like a pond freezing over on fast forward, right in front of his eyes. There was a sudden cold bite in the air, so abrupt he could taste it.
Last time, he'd been throatfucked, a pillow pressed over the back of his head, holding him firmly down in Clint's lap. He expected more of the same, but as soon as he reached for the waiting penis, Clint slapped his hands away and said sharply, "Not like that."
"He's never been awake for this before," said the man. It was the word "before" that sent chills down Steve's spine. How many times had been taken by this man, and never even known it? "I don't know, it's weird."
One of the nurses took hold of some wires that he hadn't noticed before, and yanked. They came away from his wrist and throat with a sharp sting, and the beeping cut off mid-tone.
"Stark," he said urgently. "Stark, don't do this. I'm sorry. Don't let this thing... Just don't. Please."
on, Cap?" he said, pleasantly, and Steve choked trying to deny it. His body was crying out for more, his penis rock hard and dripping into the pillow it nestled against. What could he say against that?
"You can't run from me," his pursuer hummed pleasantly, in response to his thoughts. He didn't even raise his voice. He didn't need to.
But the thought of the thing going into him dry was equally horrifying. If he wanted to have any chance of fighting back, he had to play along for now, avoid injury. Cheeks burning with humiliation, he parted his lips, and let Stark stuff the whole thing in his mouth, leaving the base sticking out, like a pacifier. It was huge enough to bulge his cheeks, and the plastic taste filled his mouth. Stark began to thrust it with an unnecessary lewdness, and Steve groaned around it.
Face still held firmly fixed, Steve couldn't look down, but he felt the raw skin of his neck with disbelieving hands.
He couldn't surrender to a machine. He had just come, so many times, he could hold out just this once.
"Who would have thought? That super soldier serum, it wasn't for making you the perfect soldier, it was for making you the perfect fucktoy. Look at those gorgeous, ripped thighs. Did you spend hours training for this? Slaving away in the gym, straining, struggling, just to build these muscles for me? So you could clench them so good around my cock? Did you know back then? That everything you did, your entire life till now, was to end up here, nothing but a warm sleeve for my dick. You're obsolete, Cap. In this day and age, that's all you're good for. You shouldn't even be alive. The only purpose of your existence now is to bring me pleasure."
"Oh, I understand." Stark dipped his glass into the ice, and scooped up a few cubes from Steve's body. Poured his liquor over it, nice and slow. "Do you?"
New tags once again! Also, the Breathplay tag I added last time comes back in full force, and I go a little darker than I expected. Please proceed with caution!
Limbs bound, bare ass sticking up helplessly into the air yet again, Steve had very few illusions about what he was in for.
"So you are. It's not my intention to panic you. Is this preferable?" The ice prince ran a hand over his face, and it was Stark's face that looked out when it had passed, bushy eyebrows, goatee, and all. The only things that stayed the same were the crown on Stark's head, and that wide grin, which looked manic and out of place on his face.
He tried to get up, but his cramped limbs caught on... something. His chest and chin rested against a padded surface, slanted, like he'd crawled over a half-reclined hospital bed, and been bound to it. His knees were spread uncomfortably wide, and held in place at the thigh and ankle. Leather cuffs, it felt like, biting directly into his skin.
around! A part of him was still out of it enough to be shocked by the idea—but his arms were bound behind his back, pressed elbow to elbow, so tightly that his shoulders arched backwards to accommodate. His hands were clenched into fists and wrapped in something sweaty and unforgiving, so that he couldn't even wiggle a finger.
Knowing, and holding still for it, because he knew he'd gotten off easy this time, and a part of him felt lucky.
He must have drifted off at some point, because he woke to feel Stark's obvious hard-on pressed between the cleft of his butt, Stark's wandering hands groping up and down his chest, teasing at the sensitive flesh of his nipple.
"Still care about that sterling reputation, huh? We'll see. Maybe keep that in mind, next time you think about disobeying."
He remembered his punishment for running away from Stark: being put into the ice, brought back to that frozen hell, held there for an interminable age. Part of him had never left, because he still had nightmares about it, night after night. And now he had tried to flee the prince of ice himself, who could grow a sheet of it at will, who could trap him in it, who would put him under the ice for good. The thought drew a broken keen from his throat, and he scrabbled at his icy manacles with ever more desperation, gibbering and begging senselessly.
The smell of come and sweat was still ripe and heady here, as he fell onto the rug where he'd so recently been raped, in all manner of positions. But there was also the glinting coffee table, with its sharp edge and corner, and if he leaned back against it and worked his bound wrists, he was sure he could saw through the cheap leather and get his hands free.
Steve turned to look, but again saw no one beside him. Only Stark standing with the cart, tutting over the selection like a housewife choosing the ripest fruit from the produce stand. He had just settled on one, fingers outstretched for it, when a shrill ringing sound interrupted him.
Eventually a commercial break came on, and Thor began fucking him in earnest, hard enough to bring tears to his eyes. It felt like being pummeled in a hailstorm, painful and fast, and ended with an explosive groan into the back of his neck, giant hands squeezing imprints into his hips until he was sure he was bruised to the bone.
"You can't breathe, can you?" she observed, drawing back just slightly so he could suck in some air. He trembled, waiting, and she patted his hair again. "It's okay. I'm going to go in deeper. You just relax your throat and take it."
"My brother is clever. Perhaps too clever for his own good. Reinforcing the defenses surrounding the scepter would only be wise."
They had the power to heal Stark's chest wound, too. Leave him alive, to regret his defeat.  All Steve had to do was say the word.
The metal bars were deceptively thin; Steve wasted a moment to test them: they felt ominously solid under his grip, and didn't bend under any force he could apply.
He tried to sit up, and couldn't, with his arms bound behind him. He tried to shuffle his legs, and couldn't.
His ass had eagerly sucked the toy inwards, and seemed reluctant to give it up. It took a steady pull on Stark's part, a burning, friction-laden drag, before it was released with an obscene pop. There came the clatter of something dropped on a tray, and then another squelch of that damned bottle. Steve imagined that Stark was lubing up the next one, a size up, and snarled, "Don't you dare put that thing in me!" Or tried to. No one heard it but the gag, and soon enough, his next torment was making its way in.
"It's late," Stark said, muzzily, and Steve didn't even dare to breathe. "I've slept like three hours in the past three days. I'm going to pretend I didn't just see what I thought I saw."
Jarvis was saying something about Stark's visit, but Steve tuned it out. He didn't want to know what number he was supposed to cram up his ass. It had been a few days since the terrifying experience with the collar, and he'd had time to recoup. It didn't even hurt to walk anymore. As long as he didn't think about the consequences too hard, it was easy to slam the box shut, and storm off.
There came a rattling sound, and then a rush of something heavy and cold pouring over his covered body.
A larger one to go. He didn't waste time lying in a heap of cramped muscles, pins and needles. The first thing he did was reach around and pull the plug out. It took a couple tries to dig his fingers in under the horrible thing, still stick with some futuristic space lube that stayed impossibly slippery even now.
"I have debts too, obviously. I still owe you multiple punishments, for one thing. Your first escape attempt." Crack. "Taking out the plug I'd specifically put in you—big no no. I'll have to train you out of that." Crack. "And trying to attack me. Cute, but unacceptable. At this rate, you're never going to catch up."
Steve was still sucking in air greedily through his nose. Was he really expected to answer that? He let out a cross between a gasp and a moan.
"Your ass is so good, so tight." Stark's voice was breathy and distracted, like he was utterly absorbed in his task. "I gave you that plug as a gift, to loosen you up. This could have gone a lot easier for you, if I'd been able to fuck you straight away, instead of having to discipline you first."
Given the size range, he wouldn't have imagined that they could possibly be for... for what it looked like.
Steve cried out, as much from the words as from sensation. The cock had found his entrance, pushing the lube arm out of the way, and was starting to nuzzle and dig in. "Please, no—"
It was the same one he'd heard on his first day, when he'd woken up in the infirmary. Another hallucination, conjured by his dying brain?
"I own you," Stark said, as if in answer, and a part of Steve responded to it. Stark had captured him, tied him down, was using his wrecked body like an object, a plaything. "I own you, and this is all you'll ever amount to, from now on. Just a warm set of holes for me to fuck whenever I want. Thank me, fucktoy. Thank me, for showing you your true purpose. Thank me, for making you the cocksleeve you were always destined to be."
Stark hadn't undressed more than was necessary for the act; it wasn't a bare chest that pressed into his back, but fabric, with hard button edges that pressed into him. Every motion aggravated the welts on his back, and that alone could have made him weep, but none of it hurt as much as the invasive member carving into him, prying him apart.
He crammed his arms and head into it first, working to squeeze his shoulders into the narrow space, and squirmed his way inside. He didn't think he'd fit, but the timer was projected onto the wall in front of him now, on the other side of the bars, and was quickly ticking down. With a rush of determination, he tucked his knees into his chest, laying down on his side to accommodate them, and was instantly pinned into place.
The sharp snap of them sliding on made Steve flinch out of his thoughts. "Where am I?" he said. "What's going on here? The plane—"
He couldn't stay like this, and just wait for the fucking to start again. He had to try something. He'd end up no worse than he was already.
Steve had then proceeded to agonise over what to wear, until Natasha had caught him doing it and gave him a fitted black shirt, a leather jacket and some jeans out of his closet. It was probably for the best he hadn’t dressed himself, and he thought (
Tony shook his head, felt his muscles shake under Steve’s fingers. “I just, I have commitment issues, and I couldn’t… It was so sudden.”
, that’s the thing that haunted his nightmares last week. The fear of being left behind by himself again. By his own son,
“Thanks,” Tony replies. He appreciates Bruce’s opinion, like he always has, but in the position they’re in, it feels hollow and insignificant.
After a few hours, Bruce collapses into the seat next to Steve’s. He’s still in the baggy pants the Hulk wore during their fight.
Tears spilled from his eyes, molten hot against the chill of his skin. When they stopped flowing, the tracks began to freeze too.
"Relax, kiddies," Stark put some popcorn in Clint's mouth as he passed. "It doesn't matter if it's really him they're seeing, or Yoda, or the damn tooth fairy. We have the scepter. He doesn't. Good guys win, yay."
It didn't matter. Prioritize. Steve went for the door, staggered on weak legs as a wash of pins and needles ran through them, staggered again when the plug shifted horribly inside of him, sending another tide of pleasure through him, but he had to ignore it, he had to get out. He refused to think about what kind of world might be waiting for him out there. One step at a time.
The ice didn't cease until it covered him up to the chin. Steve struggled to keep his face out of it, and it fell against his bare throat, chilly and wet. His body had stopped shivering, and he knew distantly that was a bad sign. There was a drowsiness nagging at the back of his brain, and it terrified him as much as it tempted him, to just fall into it, to surrender.
By the time he'd finished one go-around, he was ready to collapse, but Thor motioned readiness for round two, and Steve realized this torment was never going to end. His body was already aching from the abuse, and it didn't help that Thor picked him up like a toy and folded him in half, legs to chest, in order to manhandle him onto his waiting cock, already hard as a rock once more. Steve wasn't a small guy, but Thor held him easily in his muscular arms, pulling him up and slamming him back down, again, again, until the slapping sound, the dizzying up-and-down sensation, settled into a rhythm. Soon enough, Thor was jerking off with Steve's body, using it like nothing more than a human cocksleeve, while most of his attention was still on trying to understand the game.
Loki tugged the sheet the rest of the way off his shoulders, letting it pool on the ground where Steve knelt. Raked his eyes over newly exposed flesh, taking in all the marks of use, handprints impressed into his flesh, come dried on his skin.
Steve lifted his head with a choking gasp, tears still streaming down his face. His legs were putty, and the robot in his ass was just about the only thing holding him up—but it also held him firmly in place, firmly impaled upon it, unable to move forward or back.
Steve half turned to see what could have shattered it on impact, which was why the first strike caught him in the side of his gut. He bowled over, grip slacking despite himself, and the second one caught him in the back, knocking the last of the precious air from his lungs, and crumpling him to the ground.
That was how he found himself entertaining Stark's friends on game night. Because even rapists had friends. He didn't know what kind of game was on, because his back was to the gigantic, movie-theater sized screen, his body occupied with other matters.
"Another sighting," Clint announced to the room. "Gone before they could even call us in. Must be feeling camera shy."
Soon enough, Stark's hand was behind his head, lifting him up, and Stark's dick was in his face. A few strokes took him to full erection, and Steve willingly opened his mouth for it, sucked it right in.
Before he could dwell on it, there came further mechanical sounds from the machine. Several of the thicker arms came out and wound around his legs, catching him at the ankles and thighs. Steve tried to kick out against them, but they were unreasonably strong. They moved so fluidly, bending like self-directed hoses, it was a shock that they had absolutely zero give when they fixed in place. He might as well have been kicking a steel pipe.
"Even worse?" The hand again, and Peggy turned back into the stranger, with his high cheekbones and that strange glint in his eye. "It seems you're stuck with me after all."
Long enough to fall asleep, only to wake, find himself still trapped, and begin to thrash against the bars anew. Eventually he'd fight himself to exhaustion and drift off again, a cycle that felt interminable—which was a laugh, considering how long he must have spent frozen under the ocean. But at least he hadn't been aware for it.
"Oh, I like that look on you," he smirked. "You don't even want me to take it out of you, do you? You want me to turn it back on. Even it means another round of this. Even if it keeps going for days."
Somehow, he knew what Loki wanted without needing the command. Leaned back, and let Loki come all over his face, painting him with spunk, ropes and ropes of it, marking every inch of him.
He didn't know the floor well enough to have a conscious direction in mind, but he made it back into the lounge with the television. It was brighter than the hallway, lights from nearby buildings streaming faintly in through the window, so if it was an outage, it didn't affect the whole block. He could just dimly make out the left-behind mess of the couches and table, and stumbled towards them.
There was nobody there with him, not that he could see, but there was definitely something new. A machine squatted by the foot of the bed, about the size and form factor of an upright piano. It had a lens on the front, angled so that he felt uncomfortably like it was looking directly up his asshole. When he twisted his legs to protect himself, the the lens turned to follow.
The doors at the far end of the room opened, and the man who entered drew the attention of all the other occupants, Steve included.
It still hurt, terribly, like he was being stuffed to his very limits, and then stretched out some more, but he couldn't put up even a ounce of resistance, couldn't slow the intrusion by a millimeter. Soon he was filled to the brim with Stark, and burning alive from the inside with every hot, slick stroke.
It was the voice he'd heard when he'd first woken in this hell, a disembodied whisper with no apparent source. Was he going mad, on top of it all?
In his most furtive fantasies, he had thought his first time might be with her, something innocent and loving and romantic. Instead, here he was, losing his virginity to a piece of plastic, in a room full of witnesses—ladies, strangers, and Howard Stark's son, whose first name he didn't even know, playing his ass like a fiddle.
In his aroused state, the thought of it was unbearably hot. Knowing that he was just a vessel for Stark to fuck, that Stark would take whatever he wanted from him, even if it choked him, even if it hurt him.
"I feel obliged to inform you," Jarvis remarked, after a while, from the ceiling. "I am still watching."
what you were made for. If you don't get off on this, if your body isn't made to be fucked, this is your chance to prove it." Stark stopped soldering abruptly, and turned to look directly into the camera. "And if it is, then stop fighting me already. I mean it. J, stop rolling—"
Feeling ever so slightly more sure on his feet, he felt his way down the hall, hoping to find stairs, an elevator, a damn fireman's pole, anything.
It seemed like every time he came to, Stark was on top of him, using one of his orifices, or fondling his body, or sometimes hurting him, for no particular reason he could tell, slapping his face until his head rang, his ass until it radiated with its own heat and was unbearably tender against the fucking that followed.
Instead, Stark reached into his jacket and drew out a slim rectangle that was apparently his phone. Squinted at the screen, and then let out a theatrical groan. As he put the device to his ear, he seemed to change his mind about what device he was going to grab, and settled on a blue, plug-shaped thing that flared at one end, like the spade in a suit of cards.
"If," Stark tapped the headboard, and a metal hook popped out, unsheathing itself from a featureless wood panel like a cat's claw emerging from its pad, "and only if, you behave."
It had already been long enough since he'd last walked on two feet that he felt strange and off-balance.
His erection had all but wilted from fear, but it sprang up again quickly with his touch, luxuriating in the wonderful hot slickness of his palm.
Somehow, he managed to straddle Clint's legs, trying not to lean against the man any more than he had to. Rocking back on his heels, he slowly lowered himself onto the penis Clint held upright. A few weeks ago he had never imagined inserting anything into his ass. Now he was so loose from repeated fucking that he sank right down onto it, until his cheeks hit the top of Clint's thighs, and then Clint ground him down even further, with two hands on his shoulders, and a vicious look in his eye.
Once he heard a noise somewhere down the hall, and the corner slipped, taking a gouge out of Steve's flesh. Warm wetness trickled down his arm, and Steve had to hold back a cry of pain.
He was tempted to hang on to them for Stark's next appearance, but reason won out. Jarvis had the control of his shock collar, and could no doubt put the squeeze on him too. Once noticed, he obediently left his makeshift weapons where he was told, and after a sleep they were always gone again, as if whisked away by some arms-dealer tooth fairy.
Steve's hand fell on ice instead, wet and freezing cold, and the sensation sent a jolt of true terror through him.
Steve tried to focus. He didn't know what was going on anymore, but he did know he wanted the pain to stop. Stark was touching the welts and open cuts on his back. At any time the touches could turn painful again. He hated himself for giving in so easily, but if he was answering questions, he wasn't hurting. Probably.
He took another step closer, so that he could take Steve's his chin in icy cold hands, and tilt his face up. "You promised me. If I got you out of there, you'd do anything for me, anything at all. Don't you remember?"
The metal collar that had choked and shocked him, that he'd clutched at hundreds of times, trying to find an inch of give, a single scrap of mercy, crumbled to bits at a single touch.
Steve's arms were still free, but even as he flailed them, he held back from trying to push these people off of him. His body was crying out for air, he wanted more than anything to grab the intrusion cutting him off, but he knew he couldn't, he knew it would bring him a world of pain if he tried to push this woman away, and so he just took it, choking and groaning.
"Faster," Clint said, and Steve strained to heave himself back upward. Were these the superhuman feats that the serum had been intended for?
But when he finally dared look into Stark's face, he saw no mercy there, only cold anger, and Steve kept his mouth shut.
It didn't take a genius to figure out what the second hook was for. Once he put his ankles over it, he was sure he'd be held taut between them, the line of his naked body stretched out and vulnerable to whatever Stark chose to do with it.
He lost time in the excruciating pain, vaguely aware that Stark was moving around him. Eventually the current subsided, but before he could begin to unclench his muscles, Stark was back, and picking him up like he weighed nothing.
"It means they're fake." Stark reappeared with a fresh bowl of popcorn. "Otherwise, how come we've never caught a glimpse of him yet?"
"Stark," Steve said again, desperate. One of the arms, ending in what looked very much like a dick, was moving purposefully between his legs. "Listen, please—"
But it meant that none of the comrades he'd fought alongside even existed anymore. It meant that there was no help waiting for him, anywhere, in the world.
One time he followed the sound of the heater to a vent tucked behind the desk, and spent an afternoon trying to work it open, using his bare hands and a bar of soap that he'd lathered to suds, trying to loosen the edges. He didn't even have a plan for what he'd do once he got it open—it was too narrow to fit more than an arm—but it still frustrated him when it remained stubbornly fixed.
The last time he'd let the ice soothe him, he'd woken up to this. What kind of nightmarish reality would he find if he succumbed again?
"Found something neat in archives, and had the boys in PR spin this up. They really enjoyed cutting the footage, I'll tell you."
But there was no correction, and when he looked up it was to see Loki's head thrown back in pleasure, eyes shut, grin dimmed to a blissful smile. Steve repeated the motion with more force, and Loki let out a low, guttural moan, one that sent a wave of heat flushing through Steve's entire body.
To make matters worse, imaginary though it was, he still felt its presence disappear, somehow, leaving him to face the music alone.
But the truth of the matter was this: as the days wore on, as he willingly submitted to orders ever more humiliating and grotesque, freedom seemed less like a burning goal, and more like a distant and quaint memory. Being his own person—he could hardly even imagine such a thing, after all that he'd done, all that he'd allowed to be done to him. Did he even have the right anymore, to deny any demand put on him, to refuse any access to his body, when he'd already said yes to so much?
"I won't freeze you." Loki's fingers landed on Steve's head, and seemed to lift the thoughts from it. When he tried to flinch away, the fingers tightened, and held him still. "My end of the bargain was to get you out of the ice, not put you back in. Will you keep yours?"
There was still a little slack in his body—at least until Stark grabbed around the middle, hands none too gentle against his naked belly, and reeled him in, bending him like a bow.
When Clint drawled, "See?" his voice came from somewhere behind Steve. Close, too close. "When he's out, you don't have to talk to him. It's easier."
It galled him to have these initials stamped on him, when he didn't even know what two thirds of them stood for. (Privately, he thought it might be Asshole Extraordinaire, and didn't care to find out differently.)
"Just going to close these open wounds," Stark said, reproachful, as if it were Steve's fault he had them, as if he'd just spontaneously generated the lash marks at will.
Stark didn't give him a chance to rest his abused body. Just brought him back to his room and bent him over the bed, smearing come all over the mattress. Steve tried to get back up, but barely managed to get a look over his shoulder before familiar robot arms were pushing him back down, forcing his head and shoulders into the mattress. "No, please," Steve sobbed, struggling against the belt that bound his wrists, as a familiar intrusion pressed against his stretched and torn hole, and speared inside with a mechanical force.
He wanted to cry out, to at least turn to look at his unseen assailant, but his struggles were weak and ineffectual. The body caging his made no reaction, might not even have noticed his attempts.
"Ooh, so close." Stark appeared on the ceiling again, watching him with interest. "You know, this is taking a lot longer than I expected. But it's not enough, is it? You're fucked out of your head, and it's still not enough for a little slut like you."
The beeping picked up in pace, an echo to his own rising alarm as he struggled fruitlessly against his restraints. He tried to reach down to unfasten the cuffs, or to cover his bare ass—there were
Stifling a cry, terrified that the cage might shut again at any moment, he began to shuffle his way back out. At first he was so tightly wedged in that he was afraid he wouldn't be able to move, even with the door wide open behind him, but then he got both knees unbent, and managed to worm his way to freedom.
"My heart bleeds." Steve's voice was hoarse from the strangulation, and hurt to use. He flexed his muscles, trying to find some give, some slack, anything, but only succeeded in rattling his bonds.
"Yeah, I get it," Stark snapped, cutting off another lecture that seemed to be building. "I'll head out in ten." The phone was still haranguing him when he hung up and dropped it in the cart. "That means this thing is going inside you in five, one way or another."
Steve tried to distance himself, tell himself that he wasn't enjoying his rape, but his body was molten sensation, every inch of him aflame, inside and out.
Soon he was sobbing again, but it was to an altered tune, an entirely different sort of desperation and want. A new urgency was building within him, terrifying and shameful. He couldn't see a way to get out of these restraints, but he had to get away from that invasive touch. He couldn't let it... make him... well, he just
He knew he was supposed to be fighting the timer, holding out, but it only served to tell him how quickly he had given in. When the machine brought him to orgasm, it ground to a pause, giving him a chance to check the time, and then read it again in disbelief. Three minutes.
The ice prince flicked his pinky over the end, and more letters appeared his digit, so that it read, "Property of AESIR."
Captain Rogers, always cool under pressure, had let himself get overwhelmed by trivialities: waking in a nightmarish future, a flashy countdown timer and a bit of electricity, and... and other things.
But the minutes passed, and there was no shout of discovery, no reprimand from Jarvis. Was it possible that he wasn't watching, for once? Sleeping on the job? Had Steve finally received his first stroke of luck in this century?
Stark thrust only a few more times before coming inside him too, with a satisfied grunt, and only then did he let Steve's head fall.
Steve was too far gone for shame. He begged to be used. Every nasty, degrading thing he could remember Stark saying to him spilled from his mouth until he was inventing them himself, things that didn't even make sense.
He couldn't just roll over and spread his legs, not the national icon who had once toured the troops and lifted up the spirits of thousands.
Steve's gaze followed helplessly, and saw that Stark lying in the bed wasn't asleep, as he'd thought, but frozen in place, eyes staring wide and horrified at the ceiling.
"It's not going to work, stop it," he muffled against the ball in his mouth, producing less sound than drool. But Stark was relentless, and Steve had the feeling he would break before the intrusion did. Eventually it must have sunk in as far as it would go, because there came a condescending pat on one of his cheeks, and the sense of Stark stepping back for a moment, leaving it in him. What, was he having a cigarette break?
"I think he's kind of sweet," said Nat, cupping his face on another thrust, so that she could feel the bulge of her cock through the wall of his cheek.
He also spent a lot of time studying his new tattoos: mostly the one on his hand, which always seemed to catch the corner of his vision, a flash of foreign ink marring his body, just when he'd forgotten it was there. He considered cutting them off, one way or another, but it occurred to him that Stark would just put them right back on. Getting away had to be his first priority; cosmetics, second.
He dipped his fingers inside, and the entrance gave easily for him, letting another gush of come flood out over his hand. He could easily imagine these faceless hordes having their way with his limp, unresisting body. Pumping their seed into him, and then leaving him here, hard, wanting, and none the wiser.
His hands weren't even bound behind him, but resting at his stomach. Not attached to any furniture. No one watching him.
He didn't even need to finish the sentence, and Steve was already begging, "Please, finish me, please, I need it."
With a choked cry, he finally gave in to the orgasm, and felt Stark's hands close over his neck at the same time, so that when it tore through him, and destroyed him, it was to the sensation of Stark's possessive hands locked around his throat.
It seemed to take forever, all the while his heart beating furiously in his chest, certain that he was going to be caught, that the lights would flood on at any moment, or his collar would choke or shock, and he'd wake up in whatever new hell Stark managed to dream up.
Stark began to unbind Steve's hands, exposing his fists to the air for the first time in who knew how long. "Aww, you're bleeding," he cooed. "Dug your fingernails clean into your palm."
But Stark only briefly touched him, finger dipping into his loose and sloppy entrance, almost wistful as they stroked him inside. "It's been a long day, and I just wanted to enjoy my new toy. Instead you just had to go and do something like this, and now I have to discipline you instead."
Then Stark's face appeared, with the air of a god looking down on Steve from the heavens. He was sitting in some kind of workshop, surrounded by tools and machinery, a soldering iron pinched in his fingers. There was a welding mask pulled off his face, and what looked like a robot arm laid out in front of him, held in clamps.
There had been terrible soup, and bandages. There might even have been a step in there where Stark was working him open, with eager fingers and fresh lube, but Steve was drifting on a haze of pain and blood loss by then. He found it hard to concentrate, even knowing that there was something terrible being done to his body.
In the days that followed, there was no more being strapped to strange machines, or being threatened with the shock collar, or even being bound while he was fucked.
Stark grasped his hair and pulled his head back by the roots, and Steve inhaled raggedly, frantically, as his neck was bent back, terrified that the breath was going to be taken from him again.
The self-proclaimed god drew aside his robes, to present his cock for worship. It was long, and slender, and slightly curved. Steve had been a prisoner long enough to know what was expected of him now. Without having to be told, or forced, he took it into his mouth, and went down on it until it gagged him, bobbing his head over it, choking down more of it with each pull, until it drew tears to his eyes.
As the world slowly filtered back into focus, he became aware that Stark had moved to stand in front of him now. There was a gleeful look on his face, the same exact look that his father had when he made a new breakthrough.
He sat down on the edge of the coffin, and pulled the top from the bottle with his teeth, spat it onto the floor. "For taking out my plug, and not preparing yourself for me—you got prepared for me. That was just kind of fair, you know?"
Cock filling his mouth, Steve could do nothing but groan around it, which seemed like answer enough. After she gave a couple slow, careful snaps of her hips, gently fucking his mouth with it, he closed his eyes. She tied the blindfold over them, checking thoroughly for gaps, tugging the fabric in place.
Eventually a rich, savory aroma hit his nose, and Steve opened his eyes again. Stark had pulled up a chair and was sitting in front of him, with a bowl in his hands, a spoon. The gauntlets were nowhere to be seen, and he didn't look remotely ruffled from having just whipped a human being to shreds.
There was a cock in his mouth, musky and pervasive. It was an unpleasantly jarring way to wake up, but one that he was quickly getting used to. Steve almost bit down, except a deep-seated instinct told him that doing so would have equally unpleasant consequences.
"For attacking me," Stark came back with a bottle and the glass, "the whip. You got off light on that one, honestly."
"...that's why I'm going to be especially pissed if I suit up and fly out there, for yet another false alarm," Stark continued. He popped the plug from Steve's mouth without warning, banging it against his teeth, and disappeared back around Steve, past his line of sight.
When he woke, he was tied up again. Rope instead of chain, binding his wrists to the bedposts on either side of his head. He was lying flat on his back, which was new at least, chest and groin uncomfortably bare.
As the door swung shut behind him, he sagged into the plush carpet, and tried to gather his wrecked thoughts. His cock was shamelessly hard, dribbling, hot as a brand when it brushed against his thigh.
Though, honestly, if anyone found him wandering around here, being seen in the nude would be the least of his problems.
Stark didn't acknowledge him, except to tap an invisible button in the air. Music started playing, some sort of fanfare that was strangely familiar. "Got you some entertainment, since it looks like you'll be here for a while."
"I won't—" he barely managed to grit out, before the collar shocked him again. It was another longer one this time, that left him gasping and sobbing, flopping on the ground like a beached fish. He couldn't remember anything ever hurting like this, even before he had the serum, and the aftershocks left him his every muscle clenching and twitching.
The bedroom windows were equally well secured, not even a seam or a hinge, just like the collar, just like the cage. He picked up the closest piece of furniture, a nightstand, letting the lamp crash off it. It was harder to lift than it should have been—either they made things heavier in this glorious future, or his body was still weak—but he managed to heft it at the glass pane with good force.
Steve tried to speak, but it came out a strangled whine. Before he could find out what he would have said, given the chance, he felt the collar start to tighten around his neck again.
He wasn't sure how long he'd been zoned out. Fighting had gotten him nowhere but fucked even more, and his mind had retreated somewhere far away, somewhere cold and claustrophobic and unpleasantly familiar. Now, back in a body that ached in places he didn't know he had, sweat and spunk drying unpleasantly between his legs and on his lips—and, above it all, Stark standing over him expectantly—he longed to go back.
"From the way the old man went on about you, I would have thought you were pure sex in spandex. Hell, I'm shocked he didn't have a go himself, at this tight ass."
"Shush shush shush," said Stark, circling around behind Steve, disappearing from view. "Too demanding, for a slave. Someone find me a nice, thick gag."
"Next time, have them gagged to start with," Stark said, all exasperation, as she buckled it behind Steve's head, pinching his hair.
But as he slammed into the corner in his haste to turn it, and then took way too long to gather himself and keep running, he heard behind him the distinct sound of pursuit.
When he opened his eyes, there was a nurse staring at him, a pair of gloves in hand, a blush high on her cheeks.
He could count every wire after all, because he could feel each one where it landed. Five of them, fanned over his back, each one kissing him with white-hot agony. Even a brief flick of contact drew a stripe of searing pain from his every nerve, and he howled with it. His fists clenched, his thighs tightened, and he bucked up against the restraints, but there was nowhere to go, he'd already found that out.
Steve whimpered in humiliation, acknowledgement. He needed to come so badly he would have agreed to anything.
Steve gave a strangled cry around Nat's strap-on, but held himself back from moving, from fighting it. Resistance would get him nowhere.
If the staff-wielding menace caught him and killed him, stabbed him through the chest just like Stark, that would at least be an end to his misery, preferable to a lifetime as a slave.
"No," Steve breathed, and he swore he could see it fogging in front of his face. He tried to sit up, tried to push it off of himself, couldn't. There was just just enough give that he rattled the ice. Not enough that he could so much as shift a single cube.
A pair of calloused hands on his ass, spreading his cheeks, was all the warning he got, before Clint sank his dick into his entrance, plunging in smooth and sure.
He was trapped, again, he couldn't feel his body, he was going to freeze again, and this time it would be with Stark sitting there not a half a foot away, looking on with interest.
From his discarded pants, Clint pulled his belt out of the loops with a swish. For a moment Steve thought he was going to be beaten with it. But Clint just pushed him down and bound his arms behind his back—which was going to make the rest of the evening a lot harder. One of the guys had been okay with just his hands, and now he didn't have even that.
"Just a robot fucking you in the ass. No normal person would come from that. Fifteen minutes, easy peasy."
He wasn't a particularly large man, but he had the air of someone used to commanding attention, obedience. He was dressed in a simple business suit and sunglasses, with a neat goatee on his chin, and an eager smile on his lips.
Shivering, Steve pulled the sheet back over himself, wiping his sticky hand on a corner of it, his face with another.
Afterwards, when he was released from his chains, he didn't even try to escape, just curled up around himself, shaken, shattered. His fingers scrabbled under the collar, working themselves raw, trying mindlessly to pry it off. Every time he stopped, he felt like it was closing in on him again, and he had no way to fight it, nothing he could even struggle against to win back his air.
After one of these missing gaps, he abruptly noticed that the pitch black of the hallway had eased into an eerie blue glow, and it seemed to becoming from the doorway in front of him.
Despite himself, Steve found himself taking the spoonful carefully, sucking in with his lips to avoid spilling a drop. Amazing what corporal punishment will do to a person's willingness to cooperate. It tasted like chicken noodle, saltier than it had been, back in his time.
The first day was mostly pain. Every tiny movement hurt: walking, sitting, lying down. He spent a lot of it moving gingerly around like an old man, re-trying all the windows and doors, reacquainting himself with the futility of escape. He passed the night wallowing in soreness and despair. There were no sheets on the bed, no towels in the bathroom, no cases on the pillows—nothing to cover himself with. Stark wanted him naked and exposed. The room was kept comfortably warm, but he would have traded the warmth for a shred of modesty in a heartbeat.
Stark swore and pulled out, an expression of shock, then smugness, crossing over his face. A few more rapid strokes, and he was coming on to Steve's face, coating his mouth and nose with his seed. Steve tried to turn his face away, but there was no avoiding it, and no hiding what he'd done.
Before Steve could properly process what he was being told, Stark had grasped him by the chin, and pried his mouth open. Stark's cock was hot and musky, heavy on Steve's tongue. His jaw still ached from the gag, and Stark wasn't gentle with him, thrusting all the way in, until Steve choked on it, and then some.
"That's it," she murmured, "Nice and slow. You take care of ours, mine and his, and we'll take care of yours when we're done with you. You'd like that, wouldn't you?"
It was too much. From the first touch, Steve was spilling into his own fist. Remembering the command at the last moment, he parted his lips, meaning to shout Loki's name, but instead what came out was, "Master," and he knew that it was too late for him, he'd never be free again.
"If your body wasn't made for me, why do you get off on this?" Stark said, giving his ass a groping, caressing slap. "You came before I did, just from my cock in your ass, my collar on your throat. Remember that, Cap."
"It's kinda cute though," Stark mused, head thrown back, eyes shut with pleasure as he masturbated with Steve's head. "Who knows, maybe I'll miss the resistance, once I've broken it out of you."
They didn't go far, just across the floor, to some kind of reception room. There was a bar built into one end, a wall of floor-to-ceiling windows on the other. There should have been tables and chairs set up, or maybe a dance floor, but instead the only furniture was a fixture in the center of the room that looked strangely out of place. Something like an angular bathtub, with thick walls fixing it to the floor. Or a coffin.
Sometimes when he woke, there was food waiting for him, or ice water, pure bliss on his aching throat, or a fresh pillow. He couldn't understand how these deliveries happened, how he always slept through them, when other times he woke at the slightest sound: passing planes, the heater buzzing, footfalls outside, imagined or otherwise.
The warring instincts inside him eventually turned into a stalemate of inaction. That meant he didn't struggle at all when she gripped his arm. Turned it over, and stuck the needle into the crook of his elbow, before carefully taping it down.
"Captive?" said Jarvis, from the ceiling. He had a foreign accent. British or the like. "That couldn't be further from the case. You have 15 seconds."
He finished with a grunt, and relaxed there, still holding Steve down, nose pressed into his pubes. After a few minutes, he pulled Steve off and cast him off to the side, leaving there to choke on the taste of sweat and come.
It was clearly the Manhattan that stared back at him, but far from the one he'd left behind. He must have been at least thirty floors up, and even at nighttime, the city beneath him was lit up like a gaudy ballroom. He half thought he was witnessing some gala—a carnival, a New Year's celebration—but he was hard pressed to imagine an event of this scale, spanning the entire city. Did that mean that the city shone like this every night? A million lights glittered in the streets below him, cars zipping along with frenetic energy, signs flashing every color of the rainbow like he was in a penny arcade, peering into the pinball machine.
"There you are," came a voice, smooth and liquid, though it didn't seem to pass through his ears at all.
It occurred to Steve, with a sharp, cold slap of shock, that he had no idea who had been using his body all this time, if it wasn't Stark.
"Oops," said the voice in Steve's ear. "He's more persistent than I thought. Best of luck, big boy."
Steve flinched, as much from the words as from the sudden sensation of something wet and cold trickling between his ass cheeks.
It was all too fast for him to do more than inexpertly bob around it, but Stark didn't seem to expect much active participation out of him, just grabbed him by his new collar and the back of his head, and proceeded to thoroughly use his mouth and throat, like he owned it. Steve gasped, he choked, tears came to his eyes, but Stark ignored it all with a shocking callousness.
Fortunately, Stark didn't need much persuading. He patted the machine with the familiarity of a pet, "Come on, CILL-E, let me through," and the robot arms eased, letting go of his legs, unwinding from him to give Stark space to crawl through. As soon as his legs hit the bed, Steve began to squirm, trying to get friction on his cock, but Stark sat on top of his chest, pinning him in place.
The collar, Steve thought. Like a visitor in his own body, observing it from the outside, he lifted his hand, and placed it into Stark's grip. "I thought you were going to do it..."
"Please," Steve tried to say, muffled around Stark's fingers, which continued to thrust into his mouth. What could Stark possibly get out of that, except to humiliate him more? To his horror, Steve found himself wrapping his lips around those fingers, sucking on them as they moved, unable to stop imagining he was wrapping them around Stark's dick instead. Like he'd done in that infirmary earlier, putting up no resistance as his mouth and throat was used for Stark's pleasure, a room full of witnesses watching him submit. Why did that memory come flooding back now, and why did it make him whimper and tremble and work his lips over those unforgiving digits?
Steve had thought earlier was torture, but now there was hardly room for coherent thought. There was no longer even discomfort; the oil had heated to a delicious, sticky warmth, and he had no escape from the assault, whether the toy relentlessly filling him from behind, or the way his bucking motions rubbed his cock against the too-soft padding of the bed in front. Not enough friction, not enough pressure. He realized he was moaning wantonly, drooling around the gag, but he couldn't find it within himself to care. He just needed a little more—
Peeling off his bandages in the mirror, to show faint welts of fresh, pink skin streaking his back, Steve tried to take comfort in his body's resiliency. If his body could come back from this, so could the rest of him. As ridiculous as he'd always found the persona, he was Captain America. He had agreed to take the serum, to become the hero that the country needed at the time.
New tags for this final chapter, including a new character, relationship, and archive warning! Some more detail in the end notes.
Stark still had one gauntlet on. He extended it, and a number of long, black wires extruded from a hatch in its palm, like pasta from a machine. They kept growing and growing until they fell to the floor with a whisper, and then just hung there, swaying gently. Stark closed his fist around the ends where they emerged, getting a good grip on them, and then began to swish them around in the air, taking a few test swings, cracking them, rather like—
"You've reached Iron Man," said Stark, pushing the plastic thing against Steve's mouth, crushing his lip against his clenched teeth. Steve did his veritable best to back away, almost managing to rock the bed with his revulsion, but of course there was nowhere to go. "I'm not here right now, leave a message. Kiss it, babe," he added to Steve, as a voice starting lecturing from his phone. Apparently he didn't care if it heard. "This is the only lube you're gonna get, so you better make it sloppy."
He'd been told to clasp his hands behind his back and so he did it, hanging on against every instinct in his body that told him to fight for air, for life.
Steve held perfectly still, like prey, as Stark untied him, and bore it when Stark ran an appreciative hand over the rope grain imprinted there, an artwork he was especially proud of.
If they could see him now. Submitting to Stark. Begging to be fucked. Lost, mindless with terror, praying to be released just so he could go back to being a sex toy, anything but this—
"Is that how you get your kicks, you sick asshole?" he managed to gasp out. "Does whipping someone bloody turn you on?"
"Try and shock me now," Steve said into Stark's ear, pressing his naked body flush against the back of Stark's suit jacket. They were skin to skin, back to front. A shock would hurt Stark as much as it hurt Steve.
The heart monitor was going a mile a minute now, and a couple nurses were coming over to investigate.
No one had been there to help him before, either. He'd gone down alone, leaving everyone behind, and this was the hellish afterlife that had found him.
"So this is the creature that's so entranced my enemy and brother," he mused. "I must say, you look different from the outside."
Stark just took what he wanted, and Steve found no fight left in him, no strength to deny a single command, and risk the consequences.
Somehow, Steve made it into the hallway, the torturous thing wagging inside him with each step. His thighs were quivering from the effort, and he was nearly sure he'd explode if he made one more movement.
As he got up, and drained the last of his drink, Steve made one last desperate plea, with a voice that was already failing. "Please, let me out, and I'll do whatever you want. I won't fight you, ever again. Fuck me, whip me, whatever you want, please, I'll do it willingly, just get me out of here."
"I must warn you," came Jarvis's voice from the ceiling, when Steve tore off the shower curtain, and wrapped it around his fist, so he could try to smash the window open with it. Did that guy never sleep? "This is unlikely to be successful, and Master Stark will be very displeased."
The belt had been cut enough that he managed to snap it apart, even in his weakened state, but there was no time to celebrate.
"And now, for trying to run away." Stark held up the empty glass like a toast. "I'm going to remind you where you'd be without me."
His hole, which was starting to feel cold and empty, welcomed the new intrusion, greedily accepting the new girth. Only a few thrusts brought his penis back to full attention, and he realized he was about to repeat the same cycle again.
He opened his eyes to see that he was still lying there in that coffin, that there were ice cubes clattering in from the sides of it, smothering his body in a quilt of glistening white crystal, freezing and burning him at once all over.
Even through the sheet, the shock of ice hit his legs and chest like a wave slapping into him, drowning him, pulling him under.
When the widest part made it inside, it was almost a relief. His muscles closed around it, sealing it in, and he was just left with the impressive, aching fullness. Stark tugged backwards a little, and the plug wouldn't come out. It just nestled there inside him, making its presence constantly, aggressively known. He could feel every dimension of it pressing against his walls—and against the devilish spot that had bewitched him earlier. He flexed a little, trying to push the plug out, and his knees would have buckled if he hadn't already been strapped in place.
Steve could imagine those full lips quirking upwards; he could hear the smile in her voice as she spoke down to him, in a confiding tone, "Don't worry. Tony's not done with you yet, and he doesn't normally share. Me and Clint, we're his family, is all."
Wildly, he looked around, and saw that there was a new arrow, pointing into the corner. Or more accurately, into a cage set into the corner. It was so small he hadn't noticed it at first glance—too small for him to possibly fit.
About to ask, Steve choked instead. A hard pressure on his trachea squeezed his throat, constricting his airway. The collar was tightening on him, cutting off his breath to a desperate wheeze, and then nothing.
back there. He hadn't known that was a thing he could feel. His skin was covered in sweat, making his restraints slippery, soaking into the padded surface beneath him. A bead of sweat ran down his chest, tickling a line between his pecs, and he couldn't even move to wipe it off.
Stark slapped him across the face, but his expression seemed to settle, like Steve had done something naughty, but now within the realm of understanding.
Steve continued his humiliating crawl down the hallway, barely taking in his surroundings in the mindless haze of pleasure and agony and need. He had the vague impression of sleek, futuristic surroundings, like a spaceship from one of those sci-fi movies. Every time he hesitated, rebellion on his mind, the glowing timer reappeared, and it was enough to spur him back into motion.
Watching himself treated like a piece of meat, feeling the machine continuously using his hole, Steve sank deeper and deeper. Stark was right. This was all he was good for. Here was video evidence. It didn't matter what he felt. If even a machine wanted to ravage his body for its pleasure, he mattered even less than a metal box of wires. He was nothing, he only existed to be fucked. He'd submit to whatever was in store for him.
He put both hands on Steve's face, and guided him down onto the waiting cock. Steve squirmed helplessly as it filled his mouth, hating that he was held open like this, like he was just a receptacle for dick. Stark didn't thrust into him, just moved his head up and down manually, forcing him to fuck his own throat against it, gagging himself with each bob.
Trained enough, anyway, to sleep in Stark's bed. Lie a night beside his unconscious, snoring captor, without attempting to harm him, or kick off his covers, or making a bid for freedom.
"You're doing so good," she said, brushing his sweaty hair from his forehead. Steve couldn't help but lean into the touch, the praise. "I'm just going to put this on you so Clint doesn't feel
He noticed—but quite not soon enough to stop himself mid-stride, and stepped right in front of the open doorway, where he froze in horror.
Steve couldn't breathe with the collar on. He had to do this. He remembered how those fingers had traced lasciviously over his rump, and his lips tightened grimly. Got down on his hands and knees, and presented himself for Stark's gaze. He couldn't quite bring himself to slap his own ass, but it seemed to do the trick.
He collapsed right onto the ground, entire body seized up, clenched against the agony for what felt like an eternity. But when the pain subsided, the figures around him had barely moved, so it could only have lasted a few seconds at most.
Steve recalled how easily Loki had healed his injuries, and rubbed his own forearm, where the gash had left no trace.
Confident that he'd be obeyed, padded off to the bathroom, swiping his palm tiredly over his face as went.
He still had the taste of his captor's dick in his mouth, he'd just been fucked in front of a whole room, and yet here he was, moaning like some cheap whore, and he couldn't stop doing it, couldn't stop grinding himself against the plug, fist pumping furiously, until he tugged himself to a screaming completion.
A heavy weight bearing down on his legs, and a searing pain between them, as he was coarsely and thoroughly penetrated.
"Fifteen minutes. If you can last that long without blowing your load, he'll stop. Instantly. No harm, no foul. Otherwise, timer resets, and you get to keep playing. See? How long this game lasts is entirely up to you."
But Stark only pulled him back far enough to hiss into his ear, "You'd like that, wouldn't you. Chained to my bed. Used as my come rag, my little fleshlight. I'll jerk myself off in you whenever I want."
When Thor tried to pull his cock out, Steve's body came right along with it. Thor had to press and peel him off like a condom, leaving him a trembling puddle on the rug.
Two could play at that game. If it was a matter of lasting longer, Steve had the advantage of the supersoldier serum. That, and basically nothing to lose.
Loki pulled the hand up to his lips, gave it a solid lick, and then spat into it. "You may come this time," he decided, "as long as it's with my name on your lips."
There was no response. The timer was in the single digits now now. Some cowardly desperation forced him to crawl forward until he got to the cage, that damned plug stimulating him anew, even in that short distance.
Before he knew it, he had three fingers inside, working furiously, their way slicked by the come of anonymous men. It wasn't long before he brought himself to a shameful orgasm, and came with a hoarse shout.
An amused hum, low and masculine, tingled across Steve's scalp, and sank right into his brain—like someone was pressed up behind him, chuckling, raising the fine hairs on the back of his neck. The presence drifted around the curve of his skull, and turned into a silky whisper, directly into the shell of his ear: "You really were better off asleep."
"I'm no doctor, but you should keep," Stark said finally, and leaned over to pat him on the cheek. Steve's body temperature must have already fallen several degrees. Stark's hand scalded his skin, like a hot iron. "Face it, you've been through worse."
Just the thought of what punishment Stark would invent this time was enough to make him break out in a full sweat. The lights flooded on, and he was momentarily blinded, but he doubted he would have been able to see in his terror anyway.
A touch on Steve's skin startled him into looking back down. A sheet was being drawn over him, from the feet up. It was the first time his bare skin had been covered since he'd woken. The material felt both rough and slippery at once as it slid over his skin.
This was it, Steve thought, whimpering around the intrusion. Fingers reached into his mouth, stroking down the length of his tongue just because they could, just because Steve couldn't close his mouth against them.
Stark's snoring hitched briefly, and Steve froze, heart hammering in his throat. He waited until it resumed before he began to fumble with the knot on his ankles, hasty now, like he could outrun Stark waking up. It was difficult to see in the dark, but he managed to dig a fingernail into the tight knot, and begin to tease it free—
Involuntarily, his hand fumbled for his lap, and began to jerk off his own stiff penis, finding a dry friction that felt so, so good. He was sure he could come from this, just from sucking off this stranger whose intentions he didn't even know, and he had no idea what that said about him, except that maybe Stark was right about him, or he'd been broken to pieces until he fit the mold—
"This is going to be the rest of your life," Stark mused, on one of the upswings. "Might keep you chained to my bed. Use your holes whenever I want. Play with your breathing like this."
The other bindings were coming off of him too, the ankles, the thighs. Steve readied himself; this was the moment he'd been waiting for, that he'd borne all this for. As soon as his arms came free, he surged up, intending to strike the man behind him.
"There's a good boy," said Nat, stroking his bulging cheek again. The fabric of his blindfold was wet with tears. "I knew you could do it."
It's over! I honestly didn't think I'd make it through all the prompts, or keep to my posting schedule, but I also wasn't expecting such an incredible response—thank you!
But Stark didn't leap out at him. He was lying asleep in bed, and on the far side of it stood a strange, tall man, holding a staff.
If so, he would have expected Stark to gleefully explain from the ceiling what lesson this was designed to teach, but nothing came. Shattered, broken, for a moment Steve just laid the wrecked shell of his body back down on the mattress, prepared to docilely just waited for his torment to continue.
He failed that time, coming with a shout, Stark's name on his lips, sweat dripping from his body, making a mess of the bed. He failed the time after that, and again, and again.
Steve choked, as the padded surface under him started to lower, with a whirring sound. His head went down, even as his rear went humiliatingly upward. Stark, standing behind him, would have a perfect view of his naked ass, and his cock and balls dangling between his legs. As if that weren't enough, rough, latexed fingers grasped his cheeks and spread them unceremoniously apart.
"That's it," Stark hissed, "Love it when you squeeze for me, baby. Love ruining your body for my pleasure."
Another time he woke alone, but aching in a way that told him that Stark had recently been—or no, he realized, it might not have been Stark at all, it might have been anyone.
Steve hesitated. He could still take the gag out, could still... what? Fighting here wasn't worth it.
Slowly, Steve nodded. Loki had taken away every mark of Stark's ownership, maybe even killed the man himself, only to replace it with a mark of his own. Going from one captor to another was the last thing that Steve wanted. But instead of pushing the man of away, instead of trying to get up and run, he only said meekly, "I'll do whatever you want. As I promised."
Flopped onto his side of the bed, and pulled the covers up over himself. "Arms and legs," he yawned, waving vaguely. "Like a good boy."
He'd also seen Stark do incredible, inexplicable things with a wave of his hand—but this was his own flesh that was being mended before his eyes. It felt less futuristic than simply magic.
"I don't think god is listening," Stark chuckled, patting the plug happily. Every tap seemed to make it move a mile inside Steve, brushing that magical spot, sending another jolt of shameful pleasure through him. No matter how he squirmed and shifted, he couldn't avoid the feeling. Every twitch went straight to his cock, and it didn't take long before he was rock hard again, dripping, trying to stop himself from grinding helplessly against the bed.
There were grooves at the bottom that seemed tailored to his measurements, and he turned over on his back so he could put his arms and legs into them. The space was tiny, the walls pressing at his elbows, the bottoms of his heels. There was an elevated platform under his head, so he could stare down at his own naked body stretched out.
As she spoke, she threaded the purple tip of her cock into Steve's mouth, and he took it delicately, wrapping his lips around it. It tasted of plastic, clean and artificial, and was still warm. From his own ass, he realized.
Immediately he was plunged right back into the ocean depths, into the freezing senseless dark, and as he began to struggle and thrash, the water resisted movement, resisted even the possibility of movement, he might as well have been buried in
He walked up to the woman, Nat, and plucked the syringe from her hand. Steve felt like weeping, but the man just set it down somewhere out of sight, and made a sweeping invitation with his hand. "Go on then."
"What's the matter?" said Nat, breathing in time to her thrusts. "Can't enjoy your meal if it's staring at you?"
"I don't know how they did it back in your day, Gramps, but we don't have to heat brands over the fireplace anymore."
There had been so much motion that stillness felt wrong. His first thought wasn't relief, but devastation. He was at the end of the cycle, so achingly hard, pressure building in his balls—but the timer chose this moment to run out.  Humiliatingly, he began to rock himself against the machine, chasing one last orgasm. He was so close, he was sure another few thrusts would have sent him over the edge. But he was still pinned in place, and found no relief in the tiny movements he could manage.
Long enough to curse himself for getting inside, a thousand times over. Stark hadn't even been present, the mysterious Jarvis nothing but a voice from afar. No one hand manhandled him into the cage. He'd crawled right into it himself, and tucked meekly into a ball so it could lock behind him.
"No?" Stark's hand passed over his face again, and then it was Peggy standing there, still grinning luridly beneath her crown. There was even lipstick smeared on her bared teeth.
