The words slip out before Steve can stop it, low, angry and tense, and the comms go deathly silent, even as the battle continues. There's a moment's pause and then:
He finishes his hacking, and gives a final click with a faint smirk in Tara’s direction.
There’s a loud resounding cheer and then everyone piles into their cars to go, Steve, Tony and Nat trailing behind once again.
Tony is released from their care surprisingly quickly, having obtained the least amount of injuries and being too exhausted to attempt to hinder the medical staff. He slumps onto a waiting room chair to wait for his teammates.
“I’m just scared of something going really wrong. With Tony. Usually I wouldn’t even consider it but...this time it was just so abrupt and out of nowhere that I wondered if it could have been a..a glitch? I’m scared he’s not okay.” He pauses, contemplative. “Pepper...does the word ‘Yinsen’ mean anything to you?”
"We’re both worked up right now Steve." He says, voice wavering. "I need time to calm down, before we talk properly, and I’m sure you do too.” he gestures a bit to Steve’s tear-stained cheeks. “I don’t want to say something else that accidentally jabs at a sore spot, and vice versa. You two...seem to have a lot of history, and I want to understand."
Well Steve worries as always, and Tony's got a lot on his mind :)))
“Well that’s
Steve gives him a fond look when Tony tosses him his helmet, and they make their way into the restaurant.
“About half a century ago, my father - the Summer King - was attacked by one of his trusted advisors in an attempt at a takeover. He was working with dark magic, was imprisoned, but not before some casualties. I was one of the people that got caught in the crossfire.”
She turns around and begins to walk away quickly.
“You know us,” Bruce says, watching as Tony flits around the room. Literally. The hologram isn’t corporeal so he can flicker in and out of existence at will. It’s a bit disconcerting to watch to be entirely honest.
The quadratic comment is something based off of my friend's last name being remarkably similar to that parabolic function everyone knows and loves and me refusing to call her by her proper last name as a result. :))))) Works even better since she's actually at military college rn, so they go by last names anyways XD
Tony’s resulting yell of indignation is pretty satisfying to hear.
during last weeks obligatory yay-we’re-not-dead tournament.” Bucky finally suggests, eyes sparkling with mischief.
Steve turns to Natasha and raises a questioning eyebrow, which she shrugs at.
“Alright?” Steve repeats, kind of incredulously, expecting more of a fight.
So instead of helping out with the aftermath, Steve sits worriedly in SHIELD medical with the rest of the team as Peter is checked over and eventually cleared, ribs and broken arm already healing, and then sits quietly through the SHIELD debriefing, dutifully making his interjections when prompted.
“I’m offended darling.” Tony says, putting a hand to his chest in faux pain, “I remember dates. I remembered the date of our anniversary didn’t I? You know, the date I finally told you I’m in love with you? Have I told you that lately, babe, sweetheart, sugar? That you’re the love of my life, the apple of my eye, the sunshine-”
Steve mumbles incoherently in response before finally resurfacing to look at Tony, pink flush still visible in his cheeks.
“Paintball battle.” Steve, Tony and Natasha all chorus at the same time that Clint says it, dissolving into laughter afterwards, and then trails behind as Clint calls his wife telling her to gather the troops, and Sam calls Pepper and Happy, making a declaration of war.
“IS THIS A MACBOOK” Tony asks, recoiling.
The days turn into weeks turn into months.
Steve chuckles, partly in relief. “New nickname. I figured it worked better than Tin Can. Has a nice ring to it.”
Tony looks around at his teammates slightly incredulously. Clint is fiddling around with his bow while Natasha sharpens her knife idly. Sam seems to be in the middle of typing new code, the Hulk is munching on something that he most definitely did not have when they entered the meeting, Thor is cleaning his hammer and Steve is diligently taking notes.
“Come with me.” Steve says, picking out a camellia and tucking it behind Tony’s ear, pocketing the crocus. “I have something to show you.”
“....Capsicle.”
“The HYDRA agent.” Maria says. It’s not really a question but Sam nods a confirmation anyways.
“I can’t.” he says suddenly, “I can’t I’m sorry, I just- I have to-” and then he leaves the room quickly. Steve goes to get up and follow him, but Harley waves him down, going after Peter instead.
“You left it up to me on when to join the fight, and I came too late. I stood by and watched through most of the battle, and you almost died because of it. I’m sorry.”
?” Steve scoffs a bit, disbelieving. “If you were actually solid, I’d try to knock some sense into you.”
“C’mon sweetheart. I would go ahead and do it anyways, but it’s not the same without you.” Tony smiles innocently and Steve sighs. If Tony’s wanted it for that long...and also it would be nice to see them again…
Tony,” Bruce says quietly into the resulting silence, the first glimpse of vulnerability Steve has seen from Bruce today, and you wouldn’t think it to look at him, but he’s remarkably good at hiding what he’s actually feeling when he wants to.
It had all turned out fine though, because although Bruce apparently hadn’t gotten around to actually telling Scott
The rest of the Avengers already had a debriefing while Steve had been in treatment, and considering Steve barely knows himself what exactly happened when he passed out, he figures it’s probably for the best.
Hey guys, I apologize for the long wait in between the last chapter and this one, I got really sick at one point, and then problems of the emotional kind and then things were just bleh for a while. It got better though and now I'm back and writing again :)
“Call him back from the Air Force, just for his handprint.” She comments.
“‘Think to yourself,’” Harley proclaims loudly, raising his arms, thoroughly familiar with the detention video. “‘What would Captain America do???’”
The computer chimes an affirmative as the palm print lights up green. “Voice recognition confirmed. Welcome Capsicle.”
Steve snorts, looks over at Tony, at his innate-
Steve obligingly gasps and grabs his chest, stumbling and collapsing against his motorcycle seat.
Steve snorts, finally meeting Tony’s eyes.
“If you had come in sooner to help us, it might not have changed a thing, or it might’ve changed everything.” Steve glares back, not yielding an inch. “You
“We haven’t even finished the
“‘A hot lunch!’” Harley, Ned and Peter finish in a chorus, all three of them with hands on their hips in classical Captain America poses, and then they burst into laughter at the expression on Steve’s face.
“I will if it comes to that.” Steve finally promises quietly, deciding it as a last resort, not wanting to alert the media to another Iron Man(they got lucky the first time) if this turns out to be just a one-and-done mission. The promise seems to appease Peter, who finally signs off with a last plea to be careful.
because of it, and yet you're here, alive and well."
When I start posting though, I'm considering just leaving this particular story as it is and just start an entirely new file for the edited fic, that way I can see the progress or what's different, or even if people wanted to see some of the old dialogues and plot. What do you guys think? Suggestions in the comments are always welcome!
to any New Yorkers other than us.” Steve points out dryly.
Up until there's a huge shriek followed by an ear splitting crash. Tony spins to see Agent Jin on the floor, rubbing her head from where she collided with the glass lab door. Sam is already attempting to help her up, having been working nearer to her than Tony was.
With Pepper’s smarts and armour, and Happy’s knowledge of the security of the building, they never stood a chance. There was everything under the sun, the more notable ones being; sticking all the furniture of the living areas to the ceiling, sticky noting all the vehicles in the compound (the non-Avengers business ones, just in case there was a need for the quinjet), covering all the currently in use bedrooms from floor to ceiling with pictures of Mr. Bean intermixed with memes, and cling wrapping all the toilets.
“I think I might despise you.”
He pops back into the living room briefly at one point to convince Pepper, Rhodey, Morgan and Happy to stay for dinner - Morgan’s cheers following him back into the kitchen - and then runs to the stove to stir the huge pot of pasta sauce that’s been simmering. It’s one of the things Steve’s pretty good at making if he does say so himself; he never claimed to be a master chef, but he got a lot better in the months staying at Pepper’s place. He had done a lot of cooking for everyone there, eager to take his mind off his grief at the time. His mind drifts as he stands there, adding in ingredients as he stirs.
It’s a blessing when Steve sinks back into unconsciousness.
“I thought I was the one who’s the wizened nonagenarian out of the two of us.”
Now that Steve had been through it once though, he finds himself a lot more relaxed as they walk towards the building, even able to tease Tony a bit along with Natasha as he mutters about what they’re gonna do when they get there.
She laughs placing a microphone in front of Tony and positioning a camera. “Alright, alright, calm down man, musicals it is.”
“Bring it in.”
“YOU SANG WAIT FOR IT FROM HAMILTON” She crows. “You as Aaron Burr?
Tony.”
The resulting picture that comes up has him laughing so hard he almost falls off his chair.
“I am wounded by that Steve, you’ve
The man steps closer. "I don't want to." He sets his jaw before lowering his lashes, and gives Steve a sweeping, appreciative look from head to toe. Steve, perplexingly - shivers.
His schematics aren’t working at the moment, and he has yet to figure out why. His two hours of sleep also seem to have made his exhaustion worst instead of better, his head pounds, he seems to have a mildly compromised sense of balance.
“If I had to hazard a guess?” Bruce says, sounding hesitant. “It’s not a particularly logical explanation if I’m gonna be entirely honest, it leaves a lot of questions unanswered, but the most likely hypothesis...possibly, maybe...because he wanted someone to keep us company?...not just an AI for the compound.”
And that was that.
the one who decided to kidnap me,” he points out, attempting to scooch the chair backwards a bit with his toes absently, “and built a death ray, I mean, really, you’re kinda just asking for it at this point, just be glad you’re not dealing with Cap, that star-spangled entity of sass once asked me if a coffee machine was coal powered, do
at least, and he probably hits something, or maybe it registers distress, he doesn't know, because in the next second, he’s staring at the glowing end of a sparking staff, strong enough to pierce
Once the man is arranged sloppily on Steve’s bed, he’s entirely at a loss for what to do.
He sees Pepper and Happy standing on the back porch watching them later on, Happy's arm around Pepper's waist in comfort. They look cozy.
It’s still a revelation to him sometimes, that he gets to have this, gets to have
she had said with a happy grin, and Steve didn’t see any reason to refuse, so they had set to work a couple days later, sketching out designs, discussing it with fellow artists, talking out paint options. It gave Steve something to do and he couldn’t be happier about it.
Steve turns agitatedly to wash out his glass and place it in the dishwasher.
Steve chuckles, and waves hi at Morgan, who so far has been silently staring at Steve with wide eyes. “Oh just a little fight Pepper. You know how much I hate bullies.”
“Don't worry sir,” Jarvis’ amused lilt responds to Tony’s guilty ceiling glaring. “I have long since stopped taking offense at your various faux pas.”
combination is an unusual feeling. Probably a bit gassy.”
I wish I could-” Tony whispers hoarsely, drawing Steve’s attention away from his reflection, and Tony’s hand brushes Steve’s shoulder almost helplessly, fingers pixelating again. He looks
They didn’t tell him it was a
He turns resolutely back to his screen, mouth going up in a small smile despite himself.
"Why are you thanking me," Steve asks, voice incredulous. "This is like basic courtesy that I couldn't even be bothered to show you-" and then suddenly Tony's laughing at him, and Steve stops talking because the sound is wonderful.
There’s a pause, and then a slightly sheepish “Yeah Steve?”
The first time, Tony had been horrified when Steve explained why they were visiting a bunch of ice sculptures. Now he stands and watches as Steve wanders around, kneels before each figure, says a prayer. He doesn’t say anything when Steve returns, but Steve can still see the morbid curiosity and sorrow burning bright in Tony’s eyes.
Despite Tony’s reassurances at the beginning, Steve had still been very worried about his reaction to Pepper moving on, even after breaking the news to Tony and him reacting very positively, which of course had caused a considerable level of tentativeness and a bit of strain at the beginning of their relationship. To be fair, it took awhile before Tony really believed Steve about Peggy’s situation as well, so it wasn’t only him that was skeptical and holding himself back.
Number one theory at the moment is that it's a creature of some sort, or made from a spell since it looks too fluid to be anything technological, although Steve knows first-hand that looks can be deceiving. Steve concentrates on not dying first and foremost as he fights, terse discussions and suggestions being bounced back and forth over the comms, mind whirring at a hundred miles an hour as he thinks desperately for a way to take this thing down, because how do you destroy something that can reform two seconds later? Tactics mean shit if you can’t subdue your enemy.
, Tony’s dead, the
Steve, Bucky, Bruce, Sam, Peter, Harley, Clint and Wanda are currently gathered in the main living area as Tony talks with Happy and Pepper alone. Clint had already had his time to speak a bit with Tony, and is currently sitting with them on the couch, staring off out the window in shock.
As always, thank you for reading :)
“Thanks for the pancakes Steve.” she says. Then notices what his apron says and starts laughing so hard she almost topples over.
“Seriously?” Tony asks, uncertain and Steve again, feels awful.
Tony seems to sense Steve’s disbelief, so he sighs and levels him with a serious look. “I’m not  in the best place right now, yes, but it’s gonna take time for me to sort this out. I’m...nervous, but I
Steve and Tony had been left to their own devices, moving around the various groups, and basking in the life and happiness of their friends and family. Once everyone had settled down with their food though, the topic had turned to current life events, and eventually to Tony, Natasha and Steve.
They worry a little bit about Thor, since they don’t really know the protocol for God of Thunder when it comes to the afterlife, or death even, but he does end up arriving eventually, in his former young glory instead of a wizened old man like he had been in life.
of deadly unactivated nanites.
“Shut up, you think you’re funny Cap, well you’re not.” Tony sticks his tongue out at him. Steve rolls his eyes in response, which is pretty much on par for the course with their interactions.
Tara looks confused. “I thought you had fun? You said you liked it.”
"Don't ignore me." the man hisses, even angrier than before.  Steve's puzzled for a second, until he remembers faintly that not verbally responding is considered rude to some people. No one here minds much, anymore.
Steve is obviously currently on the streets, wearing his usual baseball cap and sunglasses. The pic is blurry with motion however, his sunglasses eskew and baseball hat lopsided, terrified expression on his face. Behind him is clearly an Apple store, and in front of said store is an employee that appears to be chasing him with a flyer.
Steve was able to transfer, be affected by Tony's curse, and Stephen Strange answers.
“What?” Steve asks, amused despite himself, but curious as to why.
until he lost it, too busy mourning his past, not seeing what was right in front of him. It seems like he’ll just be forever looking back, regretting the choices that he made, awareness and realization happening too little too late.
PhD’s-” and Bruce rolls his eyes at Harley’s friendly but teasing tone. “-so correct me if I’m wrong, but an AI hardly needs any of those to function. In fact, in the long run it’ll probably hinder the program more than help.”
He laughs at Tony’s response as he unscrews the ointment and starts applying it gently, wincing every once in a while when he presses too hard. He does this in silence for a couple of minutes, concentrating on getting all the areas, so he understandably startles slightly when Tony breaks the silence again.
He friends a bunch of people he barely knows on Facebook, and then proceeds to use it solely to nag Happy into picking up some milk. He doesn't want to get into the whole poking thing, he barely understands Facebook as it is.
And Tony responds with "from what I've heard of him, he was."
"So, we kinda wanted your opinion on something before we leave, because we're having trouble on deciding a course of action." Pepper begins, and Steve nods, indicating at them to continue.
Steve watches them bicker back and forth fondly, Scott and Bruce cutting in here and there with a comment at different times. Steve feels Tony’s absence keenly, the silence in between and lack of sharp humour and his laugh, but he tries to put that out of his mind as they get further and further into the episodes.
drama Rogers.” Tony says, shaking his head. “How are you even real.” and Steve laughs. “No seriously, this is soap opera level, you should be in show business. I’ve spoken to Pepper about our past, and not even
that’s not what Steve’s trying to do here.
Oh yes, the song Tony sings is "Wait For It" from Hamilton, because I thought it was rather on brand with Tony's backstory :)
“Iron Man got to you in time.” Bruce says quietly, voice full of worry, and Steve remembers a flash memory of Tony’s voice murmuring in his ear, of cool metal-
Agent Jin glares at him, but he continues to blatantly ignore her. Eventually he hears angry footsteps, and the sound of the lab door sliding closed.
“Stop that. No phasing into the food. New house rule.” Steve says, miming swatting at Tony’s head, who ducks obligingly even though there is no real threat to his person. Steve grabs a ladle and a spatula, and sets to work cooking the batter.
“You-” Steve says, and then stops abruptly, going back to staring. Tony - no, no,
“And?” he asks quietly.
"We don't have enough air support." Spiderman calls out. "My webs, I can't keep up with how fast this thing is goi-whoa!" he stops talking in order to dodge a hit, swooping out of the way.
None of them seem to have noticed he’s awake so Steve shifts a little, intending to sit up, but hisses when his bandages shift, irritating his skin, a sharp stab of pain shooting through him.
“We need to get you a new title in that case, punk.” Bucky says thoughtfully. “
happened to make Tony look like that?
, which you would have known if you actually
Tony’s.”
“Oh believe me, it very much wasn’t.” Steve says, the mirth in his voice probably belying his words.
Happy joins her, and even from the stairwell they can see his suppressed laugh. “Well then,” he says and Pepper rolls her eyes fondly. “Let’s go see what they’ve done now.”
It’s towards the end of the week when another call to assemble happens.
no, it's not true, none of this is Tony's fault but he can't take it back and Tony's face just. He crumples.
“-After you all eat your late breakfast  I can get you set up with your accounts and show you how each works.” she finishes, completely ignoring Tony which is just plain rude.
“Love you,” Steve whispers quietly against Tony’s hand, and he smiles happily in response. “Love you too.” he murmurs before he leans in.
Tony looks at Steve in confusion, who elaborates. “You can love more than one person Tony,” Steve says softly, tucking a stray piece of hair behind Tony’s ear. It makes a warm feeling spread from the point of contact, but Tony ignores that to listen to Steve. “It’s always been you and her for me. She knows. Of course she knows, and she made it very clear how idiotic she found the civil war between us to be.” Steve laughs, and Tony finds himself starting to smile. Steve looks down sheepishly, intertwines their fingers again. “You’re my home. And I’m sorry it took me so long to realize.”
Steve lifts an eyebrow and responds with, “Bucket list? Tony, we’re
The nanites encase him, not completely, but enough to do damage, and Steve falls, wind rushing past his ears, everywhere the suit is touching starting to burn, searing and sizzling, and he would scream in pain but there’s no air, and he blacks out, he must have because everything seems to fade far away, the noise and the wind and the burning and-
Also Tony as an AI. Need I say more?
” Tony’s voice is hoarse and choked, eyes wide and appalled, and his hands come up, holographic fingers brushing across his collarbone, the hollow of his throat. Steve shivers, feeling the phantom touch on sensitive skin.
"Very advanced." She says, shaking her head. "Absolutely gorgeous coding. I'm definitely impressed, and it takes a lot for me to say that." She gives AI Tony a sad smile, who smiles back at her. "I wish I had gotten to meet your creator. He seemed remarkable."
“It’s still my homework Tony, this is what they told us to do-”
Steve remembers - like someone hearing a voice calling across an abyss, distorted and echoing - how it had been before.
“So, you’re not swayed at all by pouts huh?” Tony says smugly, picking up their previous strand of teasing when Steve finally breaks the kiss, but only to a small distance, their breathes still mingling.
I'm so sorry for doing this to y'all, cause lord knows I hate it when I get a notification for a chapter and it turns out not to be one, but I didn't know how else to get this out to you guys XD. What can ya do?
“Oh god,” Tony laughs as Steve keeps smiling goofily at him. “no, stop looking at me like that Rogers, you look like a pathetic puppy with those big blue eyes of yours, turn that gaze away from my person-” And Steve laughs helplessly, “-no, go away, begone, stop being mush, my code isn’t equipped to deal with this situation-”
Steve blinks. “People still
“We’re dancing.” Tony responds jovially.
The combined force of two toddlers pouting is a powerful thing.
Steve wonders if it could’ve been in another language, if Tony had just been muttering nonsense and Steve misunderstood, if he had misheard? But he can’t think of any word that’s similar enough that he could have mistaken it for. Possibly a noun. The name of a place? A person?
me, cheeseburgers are the perfect food and they deserve to be appreciated, it’s not my fault that living in the 1900’s has rotted all your tastebuds-” Tony’s rant goes on for another two minutes but at this point Steve is laughing too hard for it to make a difference. It’s a wonderful sound.
“Tara, you ok?” Sam asks worriedly.
, expression twisted in repressed pain and it’s really one of the few times Tony has seen him cry and he can’t help thinking it’s fitting that Steve is standing with his family, because it’s Steve, it’s Steve, it’s always been Steve.
Steve’s vision is blurry.
don’t want any journalists sniffing around asking questions about who’s piloting the armour because who knows what trouble
to use the armour, there’s probably nothing on this Earth that could stop him, so the point would be entirely moot, but the question here is...whether or not to ask him to come in.
“Hello Addilynn, how is everything?”
Steve shrugs, “Running smoothly as always. Peter and Harley are progressing very quickly. I’m really proud of how fast they’ve learned, although Peter tells me he’s probably going on a vacation soon, so he’ll be absent for a while.”
Steve had always known Tony’s labs had been his heart and soul, if it ever were to be described by a room, a place where he was truly happy, casually designing wonders that would change the landscape of the modern world. It makes him ache to know that it’s empty of all life and light, because it’s owner is gone, never to return.
“We all have access I’m pretty sure, but I haven’t been back to the compound since Rescue. That life was always Tony’s, not mine.”
“But Rhodey-”
funny. Nat you could have
Steve blinks up at Tony in surprise, and then feels a small bittersweet smile curl his lips. “...I do.”
"I don't wanna go back." Elle frowns stubbornly, grabbing for Morgan's hands, and Tony narrowly stops from cooing at how adorable the two are. That doesn't usually go over well with headstrong kids. "I won't be able to see Morgan anymore."
been four days, and any previous conversation you've had with me in those four days haven't involved your holographic self, so I'm assuming this visit in particular is a bit more special??" Steve smiles innocently up at Tony, blinking unassumingly and Tony scoffs.
"My point still stands though. That was quite a bump in the road we just hit, but I'm not sure I want to change those objectives anyways, even if I could, which I’m not entirely sure I can by the way. I think...I’ve found something worth protecting here.” and Tony catches his eye by tilting his head, because Steve’s kind of half looking away now, gives him a smile full of fondness, and Steve feels appallingly unworthy, heartbreakingly tender, but he can’t resist smiling back sadly, eyes welling up again.
At one point, and Tony’s not entirely sure who, but he has a suspicion it might actually be Pepper, Natasha and Peggy’s scheming that set this up (and isn’t
m still here, and I’ll be damned if I let you
“There is just
“Congratulations, Captain.” He says with a grin, winking at Steve, and Steve gives a small laugh at that, a little broken maybe, but a laugh nonetheless. He had stayed for two days with Peggy and her husband, catching up, and he found talking it out with her had helped a bit, a soothing balm to the hurt of the final battle. It’s still almost excruciatingly painful, thinking about all those people they lost, thinking about
And by God Steve hopes it wasn't something he said that had made Tony look like that, because he's seen enough of that expression to last a lifetime, caused enough hurt, and to see Tony look like that again, an echo of Siberia, fractured and cracked like porcelain...
“Not too bad. Should be gone in another couple days or so.”
.) and setting the table while Tony turns off the stove remotely.
,” Tony breathed, looking as if both Christmas and Halloween had come early. “
After another half an hour, the nothingness only punctured by Tony’s anxious muttering, and the rustling of pages from Steve as he absently pages through a book, Tony suddenly freezes, looking absolutely terrified. It would be comical if the situation wasn’t quite so important.
“What do you mean 'admit what’, I have security cameras, this is being recorded. JARVIS?”
There’s a moment of shocked silence from Tony, where Steve continues to fight, (and really, at this point Steve’s barely paying attention but still holding his own, they’re kind of awful at hand-to-hand combat) and then;
like a mummy, but he isn’t
He gets shushed aggressively by all three of them when he tries to thank them, with Morgan giggling impishly in the background at Pepper’s following “Shut
Which of course seems to confuse Thor greatly.
He exits eventually, dresses and wanders around the compound listlessly, avoiding any human company. He stops briefly in the gym and goes at the punching bag for a bit, but he thinks about Natasha training on the sparring mat, agile and beautiful and deadly, and he thinks about Tony designing the equipment, handsome face set with determination and eyes sparkling because he’s always loved designing his machines, making the laws of physics bend to his will, and Steve finds the place is too full of ghosts for him to stand. He leaves, and goes back to wandering around.
Tony - often created a base personality, complex as well of course, but not to this extent, and built the learning systems above the base personality, leaving it untouched.
Steve shifts a bit, trying again to sit up with minimal movement of his upper body, and this time Wanda helps him, shifting the pillow so he can lean against it. He murmurs a quiet thanks and Wanda gives him a shaky smile.
Sometimes he wonders why it was so hard for them to speak to each other, for him to just...talk with Tony when he admired and respected him, even when he wanted desperately to be his friend. And then he fucked up. He fucked up horribly, and it became almost impossible for them to even be in the same
Tony is too kind to leave, even if he might want to, while there’s still hope of saving him. So Steve will treasure what little time he has left in Tony’s company. It makes him sad sometimes, that he’ll never be able to see all the places Tony talks about in his fantastical stories, but it’s okay, because Tony will see them again, and that’s enough.
At this point the Avengers comms are filled with more bantering then strategy, and Steve has to keep reminding everyone to pay attention and take this seriously. The only thing that makes the fight a bit of a struggle is the sheer number of followers the villains seem to have, and that in itself is a bit worrying, but Steve figures he’ll dwell on it later when he’s not essentially playing tag with the elusive leaders of a supervillain group, who are evidently trying to avoid confrontation with the Avengers as much as they can.
Natasha’s laughing at something Peggy’s husband had said when Tony arrives back to the living room and she raises his eyebrows at how Tony’s almost glowing.
Wanda gives him a smile as he sets down a bowl of whipped cream on the table near her.
Not that there is a routine, but that Tony appears to follow it. Steve gets the sense Tony isn't exactly known for having structure, based on his long rambling rants chock full of digressions.
Decision made, Steve firmly puts the issue out of his mind for now, and heads towards his room, intending to catch up some mission and tactical reports that he’s behind on. He had tried working on them in the five days it took to heal up, but had always been conveniently called away by one of the other Avengers. When Clint had come to visit, he had found a couple of his files missing, and discovered them stuffed in a vent.
He pays no mind to the fact that his hands are smeared over with pastels, that his white shirt is covered in the pigment, that there’s red and gold
The place is achingly similar to the lab Steve had seen in Stark tower, the few times he went down there to drag Tony out for non-negotiable things like food, water and sleep. The layout is generally the same, with a few small differences here and there, and Steve supposes it makes sense, that Tony would want his work spaces to all be rather familiar.
Then Rhodey, Happy, Pepper and Bruce follow, which cause more tears and hugging, and eventually the times become shorter and shorter between the new arrivals of their family members as they watch them age and grow. Tony makes sure to have a talk with Pepper and Happy, which ends in tearful hugs and a bittersweet smile from Pepper.
“She finally takes a
“Fucking cowering imbeciles,” She snarls to herself, looking at her teammates who are rapidly being detained one by one, but of course Steve’s hearing picks it up, and that’s all he has time to think before the villainess finally sees him, and launches herself at him in ruthless pursuit.
“AI’s always have a primary objective when they’re created Steve,” Tony -
Pepper tilts her head curiously, giving motion to the unasked question.
His limbs aren’t as strong as they used to be, and they feel weak as a lamb’s as he keeps plodding through snowbanks, as he keeps pushing onwards even though he can no longer breathe too deeply and has to take frequent breaks.
“Hells yeah!” Barton crows, offering Tara a high five. She returns it enthusiastically.
Oop. Nope, no, too confrontational, and now Tony looks angry, the expression breaking past his tense facade. Steve lowers his voice to an agitated murmur. “What the hell was I supposed to think, when you just suddenly froze and started babbling, and then
There’s silence and Steve decides he might as well get started on his bandages, giving Tony a little time to answer if he wants to. He heads into the bathroom, and strips off his shirt, leaving the door open. He’s in the middle of unwrapping his shoulder when he gets a response.
“Why don’t we start at the end of the battle.”
“Ughhhhh the suspense is killing meeee.” Tony drags a hand down his face dramatically, earning a few amused looks from passing spirits. He gives all of them a small smile.
The waiting is tense; Tony spends the entire time fidgeting, pacing around, opening and re-opening his blueprints, and generally ignoring Peter, Harley and Steve anytime they try and talk to him.
and Steve can’t, he just
“Shit, I’m sorry-” he starts to say.
“Okay, so I’m assuming I did something...said something? And it was upsetting. So I’m going to talk about my point of view, starting from the phone call okay? Because you mentioned that specifically.” Tony doesn’t make any verbal response, so Steve keeps talking.
“That's it, both of you, get out of my tower. Leave.” Tony says, then squawks when he’s grabbed by the arm and dragged across the lab towards the exit by a very enthusiastic SHIELD agent.
, the horrifying numbness creeping up his wrist to his elbow, but it's not enough, the ice is melting off the wood but it's not lighting, so Steve keeps pulling keeps pulling keeps pulling...
Tony gives her a dry look. “Hulk didn't let me go for three hours Jin. THREE. HOURS.”
, but yet it reminds him acutely of what they had lost. Feeling invisible the entire day hadn’t exactly helped. He wipes at his eyes and stares out at the rippling lake water, the peace and quiet interrupted occasionally with a bout of quiet laughter and conversation.
“Wait, you
“Shut up Stark.” Fury responds automatically.
There’s a moment of silence and then everyone starts laughing. Loki rolls his eyes, but is welcomed into the group with surprising warmth. Thor can’t seem to stop smiling the rest of the day.
“...actually...this is kind of a first.” Tony says sheepishly. “You know. The jumping to the worst conclusion thing.”
Steve opens his mouth to argue, because okay, yeah point, but he doesn’t need to stay
“Sure thing!” comes the called reply, and Steve turns the stove off to let the pots simmer on residual heat, leaving to go give the group in the living room a heads up as well.
“Have you made a decision about Morgan and Tony?” Steve asks Pepper quietly as he watches her place a dozing Morgan onto her booster seat in the backseat of her car.
“Sir, I think Tony has a point with one of the objections he raised.” Tony has to resist the strong urge to yell “HA” in the SHIELD Director’s face.  He settles for grinning smugly instead. Fury pointedly ignores him.
“Tony?” Steve gasps dazedly when he finally draws away, buries his face in Steve’s neck. His arms come up automatically to hold Tony to him, enjoying the feeling of having him in his arms, the thump of his heartbeat, smoothing a hand down his back like it’s the most natural thing…
Steve nods. It makes a convoluted sense, even though he’s sure Strange is dumbing it down somewhat.
They pull back eventually, and Tony sets his forehead against Steve’s, happy smile plastered firmly on his face.
"Nothing." The man echoes, looking dubious and worried.
"After all," he murmurs, "pretty thing like you, I should think I'd want to stay and get to know you better."
, they should've stamped this fact on your forehead because this is
Her red hair is a revelation against the icy backdrop, fiery red in a land of crisp white. It’s enveloped with frost, and yet the colour is not dulled at all in it’s brilliance for all of that. Her clothes are a mirror of Sam and Bucky’s, uniform of the royal guards.
It reminds him, inexplicably, of those months of avoidance when he had woken up from the ice, tired and depressed and irrationally angry at the world, walls built as tall as they can go and metaphorical fists up, those bouts of momentary fury, at the little things, that would subside just as quickly as they came, but leave Steve shaken anyways afterwards.
Tony flickers out, looking thoroughly shaken, and Steve sits there, utterly perplexed. He wonders if it’s something he said, something that offended Tony, but when he runs over their previous conversation from start to finish in his head, he can’t find anything out of the ordinary.
He’s so close. But there’s no body heat, because why would there be? The AI is pure light, created with circuits and sensors, calibrated perfectly for an illusion. Not real.
(See the end of the chapter for
“...is it bad that that kinda makes me feel better about this?” he asks tentatively, the corner of his lips curling into a small smirk and Steve laughs in spite of himself.
When he leaves the lab an hour later, he catches a glimpse of Tony before Steve steps out of the room, expression pinched and worried, arms crossed tightly in front of his chest, looking all the world like he’s just had his heart ripped out.
Half an hour later, everyone has migrated from Tony’s lab into Bruce’s, because Bruce is more familiar with the equipment in his own lab, and Tony apparently can pretty much go anywhere in the compound. Like FRIDAY, he has full control of the AI systems, all the technology in the place, and the Iron Man suits, although Steve can’t help but think that there’s probably not a system on this Earth that the AI couldn’t break into, considering.
“Good evening, my son,” came the reply. The voice sounded like an older man, which was reassuring to Steve. The last thing he wanted was a younger priest who might recognize him from the news or something.
“I still believe in God,” Steve said, seemingly shocking Tony out of his kissed-induced stupor, “and I still consider myself to be Catholic. But still, I know that I love you and I want to be with you. I think if God does exist, than there isn’t any planet he’s created where I’m not a better man when I’m with you.”
“I think that priest was right,” he continued. “I think God would want me to be honest about who I am. And I think I finally understand who I am.”
That statement got Steve to look at him in the eyes as his head shot up in shock. “What? No!”
“No problem, ah, Steve. But I have to ask. If it’s not that, then what’s up? ”
“I-,“ Steve started but he couldn’t seem to help himself from blushing. “Of course I do. Who could resist you? You’re, well, you’re Tony.”
Steve also didn’t mind when he walked in to find just Tony watching movies on the television. He didn’t know if Tony did it on purpose, but every time he joined Tony on the couch he was watching black and white films. Maybe that was all that played at night or something (Steve still didn’t understand cable), but it was comforting to see something familiar after waking up from nightmares to find himself again in a frightening new reality. Tony’s presence assured him that he hadn’t somehow slept another seventy years, but the films reminded him that his past also existed, simultaneously, in his memory.
did this become his life.
Natasha drags him up to one of the empty windows where a teenage girl dressed completely in white is sitting, typing something up on a sleek desktop computer. She looks up when they approach, and gives them a huge smile. She’s wearing a “Hello my name is” sticker that dubs her name as Addilynn.
He stares, unsure of how to proceed afterwards. He doesn't really know how to react to this; Steve hadn't felt the bite of uncertainty for months. It's jarring and he's not sure he likes it.
with no explanation for twenty minutes, and then locked me out of the lab -”
Sam wolf whistles loudly, as Steve finally finishes undoing the straps, pulls the apron off slowly, and whirls it twice over his head like one might do for a shirt, whips it into the cupboard, his impeccable aim ensuring it catches on the clothing hook neatly.
“Steve.” Pepper gives him a Look, and Steve sighs and meets her decisive and challenging gaze. Slowly nods.
“Oh, don’t you bring Steve into this you little shit, you know it wouldn’t hurt you to have a little help-”
“Still haven’t answered my question.” Tony calls out.
Bucky kicks Sam in retaliation, but Steve can tell neither of them really mean it. It's the camaraderie born of people who are close friends and have become attuned and accustomed to working together.
They join the fray as soon as they manage to land the quinjet, and Steve pauses after he activates his staff, quickly tapping into a private line on the comms after giving out a plan of attack to the rest of the Avengers.
“Seriously?
Twenty minutes later, Steve plonks himself down on the sofa next to him.
“So, how are you holding up?”
“How long have you been awake?”
of that as well). As a temporary team leader, he needs to make sure that Tony is fit enough for it if they do get called to assemble again.
let alone so loudly, that’s...not really the start of a productive conversation.
“Human Tony kept a suitcase Iron Man suit in the quinjet Steve, I’m literally technically already there.”
And that, as Tony would say, was that.
She answers with an affirmative, and Tony turns back to the room, and quite suddenly, he’s at a loss for what to do. He wants to see them so badly that it aches, but he doesn’t know where to even begin.
Natasha shakes her head, finally speaking up. “You’d be surprised at how far a couple of idle comments and a smile can take you.” She grins, and Tony is suddenly reminded vividly of why she’s considered one of the most dangerous people on the planet. He inches slowly away from her. She raises an eyebrow at him, which is frankly terrifying.
if they get a little upset -”
to the current savior of the universe what have I done -”
“-no, no, it’s okay-” Steve pushes out through numb lips, and then, because Tony had asked, tries for a smile, pulling up the corners of his mouth mechanically.
“Hey Steve.”
“The heck is a Flerken?” There’s an amused twinkle in Pepper’s eye that Steve hasn’t seen in a while.
“Hey man,” it’s Sam, peering at him worriedly. “You alright? We heard about the second attack from Bruce. The so-called Winter Soldier here almost blew our cover when we got the news.”
Steve wakes up at around five am to see all the official Avengers, plus Harley(the unofficial Avenger), sprawled out around the living room, all fast asleep. Bruce seems to have somehow migrated to the floor sometime in the middle of the night, curled around a throw blanket. Peter is drooling on Harley’s shoulder. Scott is passed out on the coffee table. Wanda is pretty much the only one sleeping somewhat normally, curled up tightly on an armchair.
Happy gets up from where he’s watching a news report on the couch to greet Steve with a smile and a hug, Steve says a quick hello to FRIDAY, and then Pepper ushers all of them into the kitchen to eat lunch. It’s pleasant, laughing and talking with them again, with Morgan interjecting with everything she’s learned at school happily every few seconds. She seems to have inherited Tony’s genius intellect, already miles ahead of all of her classmates.
Tony watches Peter grow up too, become like a big brother to Morgan and he loves the kid like he's his own, making sure to attend his wedding as well, although he doesn't end up having children.
“Tony,” A new voice asks suddenly from the doorway, “What the heck are you-
"And you've somehow translated that into me having a problem with you in particular?" Steve says mildly, trying to get Tony to fucking
He comes back at the end of the day to see the place transformed, to the stifling heat of a true blacksmith’s forge, the stone walls damp from melted ice. The heat washes over him and Steve stares at the vision of Tony sitting on the workbench to the side, shirt off, staring down sadly at his chest.
, flew up
The reports start coming in eventually, like Steve knew they would.
, Steve!" Tony had said, as if that was supposed to mean anything to him. The intricate details of the wood had been buried under a thick layer of ice anyways, but Tony still seemed offended so Steve had shrugged and dragged back some fallen branches from outside. Tony had done the same after that, every time the fire had grown low.
Steve, you’ve helped out enough around the house that I feel like I should be paying
“Come on Rogers.” he mutters to himself, trying to find the motivation to step into the blue wash of the scanners. It doesn’t work very well.
“I said it before and I’ll say it again now Steve, that’s
"You should leave." Steve says again, and the man drops his warm smile and glares fully.
From there on, he’s towed all throughout the compound as they make phone calls, drag Bruce and Scott out of the lab, drag Wanda out of her room, and order food. Steve makes sure to extend the invitation to Pepper, Happy, Rhodey and Morgan as well, but they can’t make it since they’re preparing to head to SI(Rhodey’s still on duty as well), so Steve shrugs, promises to visit (because Morgan is enthusiastically shouting things at him in the background while Pepper laughs), and moves onto the next person to invite.
“That sounds like your problem.” Tony responds, irritably. “Not mine.”
Steve’s mind is a blank, and he shakes his head slowly. "I'm sorry, I don't recall who that is."
“Well, I tried to contact him first,” Pepper sounds a bit frustrated. “But he’s kind of...not responding at the moment.”
“What?” Tony mumbles, distracted and feverishly typing, “What the hell does that have to do with anything. Look, don’t worry, I’ll finish this schematic and get right on your facebooking, snapchatting or whatever the fuck it’s called.”  He grunts, frustrated and waves his hand, trashing the entire second part of his blueprints since that’s going to result in blowing up half of Manhattan which is very Not Good.
There’s no need to. Steve doesn’t sweat, doesn’t do any of the mundane things that humans do. He remains frozen, both in time and physically, and so that part’s not difficult at all.
Tony shakes Steve's hand off and buries his face in a pillow.
“It was what Tony had said after he started babbling and...Pepper what is it? What does it mean? Is everything ok? Is it something bad?”
“You can carry me sometimes,” she says magnanimously, patting Steve on the head. Steve laughs, and sets her gently back down on the floor.
The whole universe for two people.
“Oh you know, busy as always.” Pepper says, smiling fondly. “Serving the country, and all of that ish.”
“Pepper, I’m kinda.” Steve sighs, not sure how to word it.
Tony is there, asleep while sitting at his bedside in a worn black shirt and pants, unharmed and healthy and well, although there are dark circles under his eyes. His cheek is pillowed on his crossed arms on the bed, eyelashes fluttering in his sleep.
“Very insightful.”
“Abuse. The lot of you. Abuse.” Clint shakes his head, but goes back to eating with a smile.
else saw except for me. Don't try and deny it!" Steve points a finger at Tony when he shrugs, not looking convinced, and Tony raises an amused eyebrow at Steve. "You know I'm right mister, don't argue, the Avengers have fully accepted you into our little dysfunctional family. Everything I said is
“You should open it.” and his head snaps around to stare at her.
“And on your side?” Steve asks Nat, Bucky and Sam.
There’s a sharp gasp, and Steve immediately sits up from his slouch. “Pepper?” he asks when she doesn’t say anything more.
“Hey man,” he whispers giving Steve a sheepish smile. “Really sorry to bother you, but pipsqueak kind of fell asleep - she was up all night excited about the visit today. Do you mind watching her for a bit? We kinda wanted a chance to catch up with Tony as well, but all of us are afraid of talking too loudly while Morgan’s asleep; she’s exhausted.”
“Pleaaaaase.” Tony smacks her on the arm repeatedly. “Tell me tell me tell me.”
This is it for him. And by God he’s going to make it
“You seem to make it a habit to drag me places.” Tony says, trying to disentangle his arm. “Also, that's
"What, something has to be 'up' for me to say hi?" Tony says, sounding offended. Steve laughs.
Steve laughs, and shakes his head, because of
“Of course.” Tony says matter of factly, pulling Steve down so that their bodies are flush against each other. “Stuck with me. Always.”
Steve nods, subdued. Fair enough.
there, troublemaker.”
you could almost think it’s the real Iron Man, back from the dead, and there's absolutely
“Nonsense.” Pepper interrupts with a decisive look. “It’s already dark out and it’s been a long and exhausting day, there’s no reason for you to make the hour trip back to the compound when there’s room here.” Pepper raises a challenging eyebrow when Steve doesn’t move.
Tony gives him a confused smile. "I have no idea why you're apologizing to me, but if it’s any consolation, I'm pretty sure human Tony wouldn't have included you in the list of people to protect if he hadn't forgiven you."
“Ugh.” is the response Natasha gets, the girl giving her a long suffering look and Nat laughs. “Bureaucracy is soooo boring, but it must be done to keep things running smoothly.” She intones the last bit in a dry voice. “At least that’s what the big Boss says. Well. Bosses. There are too many to count. We’ve had an influx of departures in the last few days, which is wonderful of course, God I’m so happy about that, those people arrived way before their time because of that evil, vile - GAH -”
It’s the darkest hour before dawn when Tony’s breathing grows so weak against Steve’s neck, so weak that it’s barely there, and his pulse thumps feebly, and Steve knows he’s going to leave, this is the moment he’ll go-
“What did you just say you wanted us to do? Did I hear that correctly, or have I accidentally inhaled too many workshop fumes again?”
The borders howl as he approaches, become seemingly more violent as he plods forward, a wall of wind and snow that kept them prisoner for so long.
“The fire could get re-ignited.” Bruce finishes for him, tense. “This isn’t good. I’m gonna let Sam and Bucky know, I managed to reach them earlier to tell them about your condition, but they should be on the lookout for this as well.”
Tony sits bolt upright, tears already slipping down his cheeks, the sting of salt in his eyes. He whips around to look at the apparition in front of him, an achingly familiar sight after what seems like ages, for all that it’s been only a day at most.
“I can do that,” Steve frowns, his worry not remotely curbed.
“Hmm?” Steve holds in a snort at Tony’s distracted hum, clearly in the middle of trying to argue with Peter. “Would you like some help?”
“We were like a million times worse.” he says quietly. And despite these little errors in communication that Steve seems to keep having with AI Tony, it’s still the truth. Because Steve doesn’t think he’s ever been as bad at talking with any one human being as he had with Tony Stark. Banter, yes. Actual talking, no.
truly leave, not beyond bringing about winter to the mortal realm, none of his people can. The borders don’t allow it, but there’s nothing holding Tony here.
“Oh no, you do
“I’m. I’m sorry,” the AI says, looking around at all of them wearily in the ensuing heavy silence, “I know I’m not him, not human Tony, but. Yeah.” and Steve frowns at him despite himself because no, Tony is
Natasha takes one look at their interlaced hands and sappy smiles when they get home and sighs, getting up from her seat on the sofa and heading for the back door.
So he keeps his phone shut off for the remainder of the time he’s in the lab, and he’s getting his frustration out, can feel his headache ebbing away, and everything is fine up until Agent Jin decides to hunt his ass down. Again.
Steve raises his head briefly to give Tony an unimpressed glare. Because,
Tony looks over at Steve at that, expression calm.
The quinjet lands finally in the hangar, and the Avengers all file out to change. Steve follows the doctor’s orders, taking a shower with a wet washcloth for the time being. He barely even has to unzip his uniform to do it, the resilient cloth now pretty much in shreds from the acid, and where the doctors had cut portions of it away to get at his burns. He tosses it in the trash for now, vowing to get another one at some point, and decides he’ll apply the ointment later, before he goes to bed.
Steve sighs, figuring that’s the best he can ask for from the AI, and starts unwrapping the rest of his bandages, Tony watching the entire time.
Steve, Tony and Natasha laughed themselves silly as they tailed Happy and Pepper throughout the compound, wreaking havoc, and then leaving as quick as they came without anyone being the wiser.
All of a sudden, the routine battle no longer seems so harmless.
“Heyyy, rude.” Addilynn, who Tony is assuming to be an angel or another similar being of some kind, turns a bit pink and pouts at their laughter, although it keeps threatening to turn into a smile. Finally she stops fighting it and starts laughing herself.
He receives a bottle of medical ointment from the doctor with stern orders to apply it once a day until he’s healed over, to take the bandages off sometimes to let his skin air out and instructions on how to shower. Steve nods along and is finally ushered out of the hospital and loaded onto the quinjet for home, Clint, Peter and Harley apparently coming along.
“You’ve watched that movie? I’m surprised.” he says, and Tony gives him an unspeakably offended look, which is hilarious.
Tony is already always on his phone anyways, but he’s been noticing that now his level of productivity seems to be dropping the longer he spends sending goofy pics to Steve. People also seem to be giving him weird looks every time he’s in public, on account of the fact it’s not everyday you see Tony Stark making funny faces at his phone in the local Starbucks.
Steve looks up from where he's currently working on a sketch from the balcony of the compound. Tony is standing beside him in the warm morning sunlight, translucent now because of how strong the sun's rays are.
Steve blinks at him as Peter and Harley howl with laughter, and Aunt May snorts from where she’s listening in from her position on the couch.
(See the end of the chapter for
Nat starts walking out of the room, Tony falling in step with her as she waves goodbye to Addilynn.
I’m gonna, I’m gonna-”
When the meal is over and Tony leaves to go wash whipped cream off his hair, he does it with a smile.
Maybe. Maybe now, instead of then.
, after
“Ow.” He glares at her.
inside the empty cavity of his chest, at the thought of Tony dying, Tony ceasing to exist. He can’t figure out what it is, but it’s a twinge and it hurts.
The nightmare had him chasing after them, always a step behind, always too late, knowing they're about to die, that inescapable knowledge pushing behind each step, steady beat of
“Tell me.” he says, his voice deadly calm.
Tony flickers out immediately, and at the same moment there’s a loud cracking sound from a corner of the room and then a whir. Scott startles badly and swears; the room tenses as an old generation Iron Man armour assembles from the suitcase that snapped open, the unassuming box sitting unnoticed in the corner of the room until now. Bruce seems to be the only one unsurprised.
“You mentioned that already.” Agent Jin strides into the room with an amused grin and goes to refill her empty coffee cup.
“It was a clusterfuck, don’t pretend otherwise.” Pepper smiles. “I’m an outsider looking in, someone who was close to Tony, who loved him, but in the end, I don’t know the full story of either side, not even Tony’s. You hurt him, and he hurt you, and you all hurt each other. Really I have never met a bunch of individuals more incapable of handling personal relationships, but the point is, I can’t make that judgement. I won’t
Steve doesn't really need to eat, never has, so his schedule generally proceeds from sleep straight to work. Although he'll admit there was a time long ago where he remembers that he did eat, just because he could. He can't fathom why he would do that now. It's a waste of time.
, but it somehow pisses him off even more, the fact that the
"I like him." Steve comments cheerily.
Steve runs away before the computer can prompt him for confirmation again, and he doesn’t look back.
Tony laughs bitterly, and Steve watches him, utterly bewildered, off-balance and a little hurt. He had intended to talk with Tony, but honestly he hadn’t expected to find him quite so mad...so it
“Goodnight.” Tony says quietly. “Sweet dreams.”
Pepper laughs, “Surely not
his chest that really takes Steve by surprise. There are black vines that spread across in a vice-like grip, the edges digging into his golden skin, lines of red where they’re deep enough to draw blood. At the center of Tony’s chest though, is a metal contraption with a light blue glow, clamped over the violent black vines.
It’s gone. He won.
“This is not how I imagined the day would go when I woke up this morning.” he mutters at the ceiling, and there are a couple quiet snickers and then silence, waiting once again.
“Are you sure?” Wade shrieked as Aunt May avoided a cone at the side of the road. “Because you’re a terrible driver.”
“No,” Thor shook his head, pretty sure by the way Steve sounded over the phone, it was a lot more serious than that. “He sounded worried, and I could hear Peter in the background being not so quiet.”
Wade took Peter’s hand in his and looked at him all sweet and innocent. “What promise?”
“Woh, woh, woh!” Tony butted in, waving his arms about like he couldn’t believe what Steve was saying. “Are you trying to tell me, that this god damn dinosaur can control her freaking thermal temperature too?” Steve nodded in reply. “Oh hell no.”
“I need to call him, right now!”
“Jess.” Steve let out in a soft voice. He didn’t want to lose another friend, not like this.
“Yeah,” Tony bit down on his bottom lip, thinking about his nephew and boyfriend wandering around the park. “He’s here, Peter and his boyfriend.”
“Steve, what choice do we have?” Natasha argued back.
“Okay, honey.” She smiled, patting them both on the arm. “Now don’t forget to tell Tony to ring me when you’re there.”
“How do you know?” he asked, before shaking his head in realisation and cutting the blonde off before he could answer. “Wait, stupid question, you know this place better than I do.” He said, running a hand through his dirty hair. “Do you…. Do you think she’ll you know… try to get in there?”
“Tony,” Steve said calmly, shifting forward in his seat to lean across, putting a hand on Tony’s arm. “The Foniassaurus is heading for the Pterodactyl house.”
.” May sighed heavily. “
BANG!
“Peter.” Tony whispered, before he let go of Steve’s hand and ran for the door.
“Yeah,” Matt sighed. “Look for yourself, she’s not there.”
“I’m okay, Tony.” Steve said with a small smile, knowing exactly what the other man was thinking, standing there like a deer caught in headlights. He would have been thinking the same if their roles were reversed.
“You think we can hide up a tree like a couple of squirrels?” Wade shouted.
“Ten bucks says he’ll scream like a girl.” Peter held out his hand with a smirk.
Once again the engineer was startled, but this time by his nephew. He looked over at him thinking something bad was going on over there, but instead, found Peter and Wade gesturing behind him.
Thor grinned and gave a mock salute. “Right away, boss.”
But before he could do anything else, the trees meters before them parted, and out stepped the Foniassaurus, its gigantic heat peeking through. The four passengers started at it in horror, as it let out an ear-piercing roar that blew the trees and branches from side to side.
“I was.” Tony snorted, running a hand through his hair. “It’s why you ended it Steve, you said so yourself… I wasn’t there for you… I could have treated you better.”
“You know,” he said, as they crossed another river. “This reminds me of the time we went to central park.”
“How am I supposed to pretend to drive now?” Wade screeched as the jeep took off slowly through the field. “Being the fake driver is not as fun as I thought it would be.” He sulked, prodding the wheel. “Doesn’t even have a horn.”
“But Tony!”
?” He heard Clint shout in surprise.
But as he reached out for the handle of the door he suddenly came to an abrupt stop. The engineer turned to the other two with an expression of pure dread, obviously coming to a realisation. He’d been so wrapped up in everything that was happening that his mind was only stuck on the one thing, other things forgotten. He felt his chest tighten and his voice crack as he spoke to Steve.
So the two took a bucket each and began walking over to the sturdy shed beside the enclosure. Once there Clint opened up the cabin and lead Steve inside, stopping in front of the big, metal freezer.
Natasha smiled, before following her husband through the doors and into the waiting vans outside.
“That’s good, Tony.” Steve said, carefully looking over the cliff. “I think they jumped.”
After trailing the footprints through the mud for what felt like hours, Tony and Steve had come to a dead end, which was in fact the end of a cliff that dropped down into a rather enormous, deep pool where a loud waterfall poured down into it. Peter and Wade’s footsteps had stopped there, just a jumble of them imprinted in the ground as if they’d been dancing around on the spot. What made it worse, was the giant footprint of the Foniassaurus right beside them.
“Okay, okay!” Peter cut him off, pushing him aside and stomping towards the gap in the fence. “Let’s just go! I’ll do anything at this rate to shut you up!”
Tony didn’t even blink before he was sprinting towards the blonde, gritting his teeth in anger as he held up his rifle. Nobody hurt Steve when he was around. Without thinking, as he neared the pterodactyl, Tony lunged at it and with all the force he had struck the dinosaur with the butt of the rifle in its head. The animal squawked in surprise, tumbling to the side and tripping over a lifeless pterodactyl on the ground.
“Tony,” Steve said from behind him suddenly, hand on his shoulder. “Tony, don’t drop your speed, she’s slowing down!”
“I don’t,” Tony said with a grin. “I read it off your clipboard.”
“You’re not wrong,” Tony sighed. “Think we should look for your phone too, warn them about the Pterodactyls.”
“What about them?” Tony asked as he watched Thor put up the fences system on his screen. “You had them on right?” he said worriedly.
One o’clock came around and the couple found themselves being led to the Innovation Centre, the enormous, brown building sitting at the end of the main street. Peter’s eyes lit up when they pushed open the wooden doors. Inside there were walking holograms of different dinosaurs, touch screen guides and games, interactive videos and even a ride that took you past the labs and showed 3D videos on how the dinosaurs were made. It was like being four again and getting his first ever science book.
Peter chuckled. “We’re fine, we just got a little… lost earlier.” He said, trying to avoid the subject of jumping out of moving rides. “Hi, Steve!”
Thanks so much for your awesome comments on the previous chapters! <3
Steve gazed over at Tony, both wondering if Bruce would finally tell them what the creature was made of. After months of secrets and classified documents being hidden away in safes, only two geneticists knowing the true identity of the man-made dinosaur, Bruce didn’t even hesitate to tell them then and there.
“Oh, you mean these?” Wade smiled toothily, waving a set of keys in his hand.
“Oh, you know, just decided to take a stroll.” He said in his mocking tone. “I’m a lucky man to have seen what you just did, Steven. Very impressive, like I’ve said before, those raptors would make a good weapon with you at the reins.”
“Whilst you two were making out in the middle of Main Street,” Peter said, with a hint of hilarity in his voice. “The Shield dudes and Clint took out the rest of the birds, and are wondering what the fuck we do now.”
Tony snorted. “
“What do you want, brother?” he said tiredly. “Did you accidentally set off the sirens again?”
“Quick dip?” Tony snorted. “More like a dive.”
“Where are we?”
“Forget the phone!” Wade shrieked all of a sudden, eyes wide as he pointed up into the sky. “Do big birdie dinosaurs like raw meat?”
Steve and Tony shared a look, reality hitting them once again. In their moment amongst the madness, they’d completely forgotten that they were being attacked by flying dinosaurs, and a manmade monster they hadn’t even caught yet.
“Good to see you, Captain!” Clint called over from his own position, where instead of bullets, he used a bow and arrow to bring down the prehistoric birds.
“Sorry sis,” Tony said running a hand through his hair. “I do not need that right now.”
Matt held up a hand signalling to the soldiers. “Get ready.” He whispered, more to himself than to the others.
“But…” Before Tony could find the guts to say what he wanted, Steve was striding past him and heading for his car. Well at least he was getting into Tony’s vehicle, he counted that as a start.
sorry again for the late update guys! I won't be posting regularly due to commitments but I'll do my very best! :) Enjoy!
“It is,” Luke said, folding his arms across his chest. “It’s one of the thickest pieces of glass in the world.”
“I SAID TURN IT OFF!” Tony bellowed at the top of his voice, making everyone in the room stare at him, wide eyed and dismayed.
Peter saluted. “Yes, sir!”
Tony nodded. “Yeah…” he drawled, suddenly feeling like the conversation was about to turn for the worst.
“Because nobody knows how it’ll behave.” Steve said, he picked up his tool box and began heading towards his cabin, Tony having no choice but to follow through the muddy grass in his expensive shoes. “I don’t know which dinosaur’s genes they used, I wish I did to get a better understanding of it, but no matter what, nobody can tell what this thing could do.”
” Tony bellowed, sounding frantic. “
Tony couldn’t have agreed more. “Let’s get this done. Time to tell the others the bad news about the dinosaur who likes to play hide and seek.” He said, before making his way back into the control room with the other two in tow.
“We have to get out of here!” Peter said, eyes widening in fear as the dinosaur took another big chunk of bark off the log. “Fuck, he’s getting closer!”
“It can’t get any thicker than that!”
“Okay, maybe she does need a little therapy for her anger issues.”
As the phone began ringing, the Foniassaurus took that time to interrupt. With its powerful jaws the dinosaur bit down on the bark, its teeth piercing through right above the couple’s heads. The two cried out of fear as the dinosaur shook its head back and forth, moving the trunk along with it, making Peter and Wade wobble around on the inside.
“I don’t know,” Peter said quietly. “Tip water on him and find out.”
*****
“Oh, last name, I’m in trouble.” Wade chuckled to himself before sticking a key into the ignition, and twisting.
“Sometimes.” Steve said as he approached the gap, Tony catching up with him. “What’s the fun in not taking a little risk?” he said sending a smirk Tony’s way.
With an unsteady jerk the jeep suddenly came to a halt, the three passengers almost flying out of their seats. Tony spun around in his seat and met the dinosaur expert’s eyes, seeing that he looked just as worried as he sounded.
Steve saw red, his hands balling into tight fists, ready to strike the man as he stood there grinning like a mad man. Luckily for him Clint chose that time to turn up, two massive buckets under both arms.
.” May smiled, even though her brother couldn’t see it. “
Steve and Peter moved their gaze to the sky, and felt as scared as Wade looked. Apparently Pterodactyls were fast, as the giant, flying dinosaurs were right above them, and some were making a dive straight down towards the jeep.
Peter sighed, finally turning away from the creature in front of him. “Wade,” he began. “Nobody expects the guests here to be so stupid as to jump out of a moving vehicle, especially into a field full of dangerous
He was wearing one of his tight, blue shirts that Tony loved seeing on him, and trousers that complimented his rear end perfectly, not to mention his dirty blonde hair was falling into his eyes that made him look like he was on some kind of modelling shoot. Damn, he looked good. And it didn’t help when he pushed his hair back with his fingers, wiping the sweat off his brow. Tony groaned, he was so screwed.
“Lucky?” Tony snorted, pocketing the phone. “They could have been dinosaur brunch.”
“Our team are outside waiting, we just need your order and we’ll get out there stat.” Natasha said, calling some employees over. “We need to grab a tracker.”
Peter let the poster fall to look stupidly at the other man. “Yes, my grandfather was a great dinosaur hunter. Didn’t I tell you that?”
“Wade, we are not-,”
“You’re not in charge, Steven.”
“Where are we supposed to go?!” Wade yelped as they were shook back and forth again. “There’s nowhere to run!”
“We need to bring down the dinosaur,” Tony began. “We’ll get the people off this island but we can’t leave that thing here, it’s too dangerous, so we have to kill it.”
Tony did just that as the helicopter left the ground. It wasn’t even seconds into the air before it swayed way too fast to the side and clipped the edge of the building, Tony clung to anything that he could find, and could have sworn he felt his heart stop for a second. Danny cheered like it was a rollercoaster ride as Luke laughed animatedly beside him. Meanwhile Tony held on tight to the seats and counted in his head, telling himself that next time he’ll just take that beating from Luke Cage.
“What if it’s too far down?” Peter yelled as they grew closer.
“I don’t understand it either.” Steve answered Jessica, walking over to them. “This doesn’t make any sense.”
Wade looked down at the younger man and thought for a second. Then he frowned. “See, this is why you’re the smart one.”
Thor asked over the radio.
Loki had had enough of this damn island. He’d had enough of pouring coffee’s at the café, enough of listening to stupid kids, and their stupid screeching, enough of Thor nagging him every five minutes, and enough of the blasted dinosaurs that wouldn’t shut up. Loki snorted as one of the big, water dinosaurs made a splash in the gigantic pool nearby, proving his point.
An hour later the three entered JFK international airport, Peter and Wade sending off their small, shared suitcase at the desk, before making their way to their gate. It wouldn’t take long for their flight to board as Wade had decided he needed to pee halfway through their car journey, which took him a lot longer than normal, and then he’d stopped for a bagel which took up more time, making them closer and closer to being late for their flight.
“JARVIS, how long has Tony been awake?”
“We aren’t actually outside the timestream technically,” Addilynn explains as she sets up the equipment in the room she had taken them to, “Hence explaining why people only arrive here when they die in real time, so you can rewind the Screen to what has already happened, but you can’t actually look into the future without some serious juice to back it up.”
“Morgan,” Tony says, heartbreakingly gentle, and smiles down at her as the little girl giggles happily.
Steve blinks open his eyes the next morning to see the man awake, crouching two feet away from him, staring at him in sleep. Steve doesn't jump, but it's a near thing.
Decades later, or really just two seconds for Bruce, Bucky and Sam, Steve flashes back to the 21st century on the landing pad.
Tony keeps babbling, but Steve’s stopped hearing it, just enjoying being in this moment, happy and part way loopy with exhaustion, high on the emotional rollercoaster that is today and really, this entire week.
“Look out, Agent Sassy shows her face again.”
Steve sits in his room after his duties are over, sits and stares at the fractals of ice that decorate the walls. Bucky and Sam are with him, both slumped in chairs to the side of the room, and Natasha, who is lounging near the windows.
Tony rolled his eyes, here she goes using their mom against him again. “No, she wouldn’t.” he said, wishing he’d never picked up the damn phone.
Tony sighed. “Look, work’s been so busy lately May, I couldn’t take the time off, but tomorrow I’ll-,”
“Tony?”
Steve gave another eye roll, which seemed to happen a lot around the other man. “Shut up, Tony. Let’s go.”
Peter groaned, leaning back on the bench he and Wade were occupying. “You just counted the Triceratops Wade!”
“Okay.” Tony piped up, fidgeting in his seat for a while before he sat still. This was it, he had to do it now or his chance would be blown. “I uh… I just… you we’re right… about um… about me avoiding you…”
Steve shrugged. “I’ll just check the stock in the shed and get going.”
“Dugan!”
“That was one time.” Wade grinned at the memory. “That fence was practically yelling to be crashed into.”
The blonde man got straight to it and began dialling up numbers across the park, Carol jumping in minutes later to help out as best as she could. As that was going on Tony and Steve sat back and watched the map of the island on the big screen, while the rest of the crew continued to search for the murderous dinosaur through infrared. It didn’t take too long as within minutes, once Thor had finished all his calls, an employee practically dove out of his chair and pointed at the screen.
“Hey,” She said softly, making the younger man look up. “Don’t worry, if anything goes wrong out there we’ll abort, okay?”
The two followed the dinosaur with their eyes as it moved slowly through the fence, its loud stomps echoing, and the ground shaking considerably.
“Tony?” Steve leaned forward in his seat, talking quietly with the older man. “I think we’d better get back to the control room, decide what to do next.”
Tony and Steve split apart quickly, the blonde blushing bright red after realising they weren’t exactly in a private place. Tony just rolled his eyes, seeing the smirk on his nephew’s face.
Steve didn’t want to look behind him as he got up from the floor faster than lighting. The dinosaur was still behind those walls, but he had a funny feeling not even those were going to hold after seeing the thing up close. The researcher sprinted across the path as fast as he could, an idea springing to mind as he got closer to three of the ground’s SUVs parked in a line. As soon as he came to rest beside one of the vehicles, a resounding explosion erupted from the walls of the Foniassaurus’s home, rubble and dust flying into the air.
“Okay,” Steve said calmly, reaching down to retrieve his gun. “I’ll go take a look.”
“Why isn’t he answering?” Tony sighed, running a hand through his tousled hair.
“Come on!” Peter sighed, grabbing a hold of Wade’s shirt and pulling him through the door. “We’re going to be late!”
Wade shuffled closer to Peter. “Do you think maybe he’s a robot from the future?”
!” Aunt May practically shouted down the other line. “
“Shut it, Remy.” Logan grumbled.
Steve didn’t flinch.
It took Peter and Wade another ten minutes before they finally got up to their room at the Jurassic Hotel, where Loki signed them in and showed them around using his uninterested, gloomy voice. The room was definitely five star if the massive television screen, free food and large balcony with fancy table and chairs were anything to go by. The bed was big enough for Wade to roll over in it six times, not to mention the shower could probably fit about eight people and the bath was more like a swimming pool.
Luke finished up with the industrialist as Tony stepped in front of the glass, giving it a small knock. “What do you think?” Luke asked, looking out through the glass.
“Dugan, back up!” Steve shouted again, noticing the biggest Raptor creeping forward. “Stay right where you are.”
“What?!” Peter squawked. “That’s not fair!”
tempting.” He said with a grin, and Wade knew he’d totally just won him over from the cheeky smirk etched across his face. “Damn it, Wade. Fine, fine, you can get in the driver’s seat, just don’t you
“I know what I said!” Tony snapped impatiently, clutching his phone a little too tight. “Peter’s on a damn ride! Now get every single ride back in and contact every single employee at the park, tell them to make announcements to the guests to make their way to the information centre as quickly and calmly as possible.”
“Won’t be long until the boats arrive.” Thor said, drumming his fingers impatiently on the desk. The more he thought about what was happening out in the woods, the more time was wasting. “Oh, for the Gods sake, maybe I should phone security? Make a sweep around the island?”
Breathing heavily, trying his hardest not to make a sound, Steve listened as the dinosaur’s loud footfalls edged closer to him. She must have seen him, there was no other explanation. Then it hit him, he felt like an idiot for not even thinking about the obvious although his mind was in frantic mode at that minute, he was a dinosaur researcher and he’d forgotten what most dinosaurs were very good at. Smelling. And if she was anything close to a T-Rex, then she could undeniably smell him as if he were right in front of her nose.
“I know.”
“I just…”
“No.” Steve said firmly, turning fully to face the older man. “Nobody is going to go with your idea, and I won’t allow it.”
“So, uh…” Tony coughed behind his hand, suddenly feeling like maybe he should have given Steve a warning that he was coming, and possibly not use a lame joke after what he’d done. “How’s things?” he asked, inwardly cringing at his own choice of words. His mouth really was running off.
“Very funny guys,” Bruce chuckled, rubbing his eyes behind his glasses. “You got me there… very creative… a little over the top though… I mean…”
"It's not your fault." Steve responds, fierce. "These wounds will heal in a couple of days and I'll be fine, but we need to get to the bottom of this, make sure it doesn't happen again." He shakes his head, voice dropping. "She had nanites as well. I don't really believe in coincidences where this is concerned."
“Why do you ask?” Tony continues as he watches Bruce scroll through his systems with an increasingly perplexed look and Steve directs his mind back to the conversation. Curious, Peter also gets up to take a look at the screen.
“I’ll come back for you.” Tony vows, burying his face in Steve’s shoulder.
for Steve to feel possessive over a
Eventually, they settle in the communal living area, where they're finally joined by Sam, who gives Steve a warm hug in greeting and smacks Bucky up the back of his head before settling on the couch.
The room dissolves into laughter, the shouting having gained the attention of everyone, and Steve throws his arms up.
wondering how stupid you have to be to think I would ever
"Um. Well." He says. That is. Okay. Wow. Very difficult is a huge understatement.
Steve looks around in disbelief as Thanos’ army dissolves into the wind, and he can feel the beginning of joy welling in his gut, the pure elation in the knowledge that they’re all safe, they survived, they
Tara looks. “Musical song? Huh. Wouldn't have thought you were the type.”
The first emotion that Steve gets back in the end, is fear. Crippling, all consuming fear.
Steve stops at Clint’s words and looks over at him curiously. “What do you mean of course Tony gave me access? Do you...do you guys not? Have?”
“Well,
“Well...yeah I’d say it is. You’re all his family. If anyone should, it’s you.” Pepper doesn’t reply immediately and sighs instead, looking out of the window where they can hear the drift of Morgan’s happy laughter.
After the Avenger’s hectic two week marathon of world saving, the universe seems to decide to finally give them all a brief break.
They don’t get very far in terms of discussions to be honest, because none of them are really sure if this is a one and done deal, or if something more sinister is at play here. The end result remains the same, they need to find that villain that created the nanotech, which they’re not even sure
“It’s-I don’t-“ Steve mumbled out, unable to stop his blush or lowering his eyes to the ground.
“Yeah, hope to,” Steve said with a blush.
He got along with the girls just fine. He liked them just fine. He just didn’t understand everyone else’s obsession.
“Be with you, like that.”
Steve purposefully wore a sweatshirt with a hood to hopefully attract less attention and sat quietly in one of the front benches until it was his turn at the confessional.
So when he decided to go down with the plane, it wasn’t as hard of a decision as it should have been.
Late nights when they all had bouts of insomnia were no longer spent with everyone in their individual rooms; instead, they all gradually gathered in the common floor’s kitchen to snack and tease and occasionally fall asleep on the couch. Natasha was always there first. Slowly, she let the others see different sides of herself, and it was no longer uncommon for the team to walk in on her painting her nails or eating pop tarts curled up on the couch. Tony was usually the next to show up (seeing as he hadn’t gone to sleep in the first place) to get more coffee. Steve turned up next to see Tony and Natasha chatting amicably about the problems associated with wearing leather pants don’t breathe. He always liked to see those two getting along despite their awkward beginnings. Seeing Tony a little less put together and a little less guarded always made his post-nightmare nights better. Thor, Clint, and Bruce were more sporadic, but when everyone was gathered together, those times were Steve’s favorite. Those times were what he would always remember. Tony and Clint vaulting back and forth across the counter trying to shoot each other with mini marshmallows while Natasha secretly hit them both from her perch on top of the couch cushions. He and Thor would sit next to each other on the stools and watch the battle with amusement and discuss strategies. Bruce usually had his head down on the counter in complete defeat and exhaustion, but Steve would see him occasionally peek at the goings-on and smile. Even if it was three in the morning, this was when Steve felt the most at home, the most normal. None of hos life had been normal, but he imagined this was what normal people felt like staying up late with their friends. It was easy to forget that these people were all superheroes.
“Good evening, Father,” Steve said as he knelt on the stiff velvet cushioning.
“Go on,” the priest prompted. His voice sounded encouraging enough, so Steve continued.
“You know,” Tony replied with that familiar smirk on his face, “I agree with that moving sentiment. My ass is never finer than when it’s next to yours.”
And Steve couldn’t do it.
“I’m about done now.“
“Go in peace, my son.”
“No,” Steve replied as the tears started to let up. “At least, I don’t think so.”
Steve found that he couldn’t reply with his throat all choked up. Before he could say anything, Dum Dum came to get them for the raid.
“I-“ Steve swallowed nervously before continuing (for heaven’s sake, he’d faced down Nazis and war-mongering aliens, he could handle talking to a priest!), “ever since I was young, I, well, I’ve been, I suppose you could say that I’ve been, well, attractedtomen.” He said this last bit so quickly and quietly that he wasn’t sure the priest heard him at all. Apparently, despite all his time around Tony, he still couldn’t talk about sex without blushing. Tony would be so disappointed in him. If they were still on speaking terms.
Steve didn’t quite understand what they meant, but he was behind them all physically anyway. He just didn’t understand yet. He figured he would someday.
“Go on,” the priest said encouragingly.
He really was sick; he heard them say it.
“Okay,” Tony said uneasily. “Because you know you can always come to me with that shit. I’m basically the king of destructive tendencies, and I’m pretty sure Pepper, well before she dumped me, would one thousand percent agree. So, if you ever, you know, need to talk or punch something, or disintegrate something, I’m your man. Yeah?”
Tony was kissing him.
When he was finally able to speak, he said “It might be okay for some people, but it’ll never be okay for me.”
Oh, Steve could kill him. That quip about his fellow soldiers…oh, he could kill him! He could kill him in the now deserted Avenger’s common room, throw his body in one of those melting machines he’s got in his workshop, and no one would even be the wiser! Gosh, but he wanted to strangle him, Tony infuriated him so! He’d throw him down and-oh no, better not follow that train of thought.
“It’s like how it was before the serum. I always thought something was wrong with me that I had to be fixed. I was too skinny, too weak, too defective. But maybe if I’d just learned to accept that that was who I am, if I’d learned to be happy as myself, I would’ve been happy. I always thought of myself as broken, as incomplete.  But maybe I just am who I am. And who that is isn’t wrong or broken.
“Tony,” Steve called out, unable to let him go like that. Then Tony looked at him, and Steve could see the tiny bit of hope in his eyes. No doubt it was reflected in his own. It was time to tell the truth.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve found that he couldn’t reply. His tongue felt swollen in his too dry mouth as he watched Tony, sweet, frustrating Tony, trying to figure out what to do with him. After about a minute of Tony breathing heavily and Steve hardly breathing at all, Tony continued.
“Can’t argue with you there,” Steve replied, putting his own hand on Tony’s shoulder and letting slide down his arm to his elbow. “But you’ve never really complained before.” He could feel Tony’s muscles even with his wiry build.  He blushed slightly as he did so; he’d never touched Tony like this before, never so purposefully. Sure they’d brushed up in battles, they’d even held each other skin to skin during one memorable after-battle shower when Tony almost cracked his head open by falling asleep standing in the shower. But never like this, with affection, with caresses.
“May the Lord grant you grace,” the priest replied automatically.
“I love you too, Steve,” Tony whispered softly right next to his ear. Steve shivered at the contact and, though he wouldn’t admit it even to himself, at the tenderness in Tony’s voice.
“I went to see a priest. And I’m not sure how to explain how all my feelings are tied to one another, but I’ve got to try.”
Finally, Tony broke the silence.
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“Oh, my dear boy,” the priest said, and Steve heard him exit the booth and felt his arm come around him. Steve knew this should surprise him, but he was too overcome with shame and fear. “What sin have you committed? Loving one of God’s creatures?”
“Tony, I don’t think you’re going to hell. I-I don’t know how to explain, but it’s not okay for me. Other people can find ways to work it out, but I haven’t.”
“Yes,” Steve said, resignedly, with his eyes still on the ground. It wasn’t a pretty summary, but it would suffice.
“Hmmm…” Bucky hummed while contemplating his face. Unable to take Bucky’s scrutiny, Steve climbed out of the truck and started to walk away.
Well, beyond the obvious.
They were sitting together on the roof of Stark Tower, Tony in his black Led Zeppelin t-shirt and ripped jeans and Steve in his white tee and significantly less ripped jeans, though they were just as worn. Steve sat sketching while he listened to Tony ramble about circuitries and switches, not following a word, but loving the sound of his voice anyway. He tried not to look over at Tony too often, but he was trying to catch his profile, so it was a losing battle. He thought he was being sneaky enough with his glances, but after one too many times apparently, he looked over to find Tony looking right back at him.
“Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned. This is my-well I can’t remember what number confession this is, Father. I haven’t confessed since I returned from…from the war.”
Tony gave a half smile at that and stepped closer to Steve.
He shot Steve with a smoldering look that stopped Steve’s heart and stole his breath. “Well, maybe you’re not wrong to want more,” he replied, trying to shoot an equally paralyzing look, but thought he might have failed based on the amused look Tony now had directed at him.
The hope in Tony’s eyes seemed to explode before something tamped it down again. “Then why did you pull away?”
“Steve, I’ve known you forever,” Bucky continued. “You’re my brother, and I will always love you. I know you better than anyone. You think I didn’t notice how you didn’t care for the dames? How even the longest walking sticks didn’t catch your eyes? Shit, I think I caught on before you did.”
“And the way you smile,” Tony continued, “its just…I-I can’t think of anyone more human than you.” Tony finished and looked down at where Steve’s hand laid on his elbow then back up to meet Steve’s eyes.
“Steve,” Tony said again pleadingly. He heard Tony move closer to him and felt a warm hand on his shoulder. After a moment, Tony’s hand came to his chin and lifted his head until his watering blue eyes met brown. The fond look in Tony’s eyes made him stop laughing though he occasionally hiccupped.
“It’s kind of ridiculous anyway. I’m worrying about liking men when I may not even be human anymore. I might be damned already!” He didn’t think it was all that funny, but his own despair bubbled out of him as hysterical laughing that he couldn’t seem to stop.
Steve spent time with the team outside of these late night meet-ups, but he really loved going down to Tony’s workshop to sketch and think and nap while Tony worked. He loved being in there so much, he even brought earplugs to wear when Tony blasted his (what apparently passed for) music. It was rare to have those peaceful afternoons. When they did, Steve wouldn’t want to spend it with anyone else but Tony. After so many years being sick, then at war, then alone in the ice, Steve didn’t want to spend anymore time alone than he had to.
“I also know that you’ve got eyes for me pal. I know you like me in my civvies.”
“God, you are so egotistical!” Tony shouted as he started to pace back and forth in front of Steve, who watched bewildered. “Of course, everyone else is fine loving who they love, but not you! You’re too goddamn important, right?! You can’t have it both ways, Steve. I guess if it isn’t fine in God’s eyes for you then it isn’t fine for everyone else either, right? You think you’re a disgusting sinner? That something’s wrong with them? Then that applies to me too, smartass!
But he also knew that he was sick in a different way.
And you know what,” Steve said, his eyes meeting Tony’s,” You’re right. I should trust you to make your own calls. I guess I’m just used to working with soldiers. With the Commandos, I always knew where I stood. I knew what my responsibilities were, what to expect from my team, and what they expected from me. But this? We’re not soldiers; some of us aren’t even human. I have no idea how to lead geniuses and assassins and gods.”
He doubled over in shoulder-shaking laughs, and when he finally sat up to look at Tony, his shocked expression started Steve off again. Tears started to come to his eyes as he tried to recover himself.
And for a moment, Steve could feel nothing else. Not his feet and rear-end on the ground, not his hands holding the sketchbook, not even the air on his skin. Everything was singled down to the small patch of skin on his lips that was being touched by Tony’s own. That small physical connection between them was the whole world to him, and he couldn’t have parted from it if he tried.
Around nine or ten, the other boys started to single out the girls at school. Each boy had a favorite gal based on her hair, or smile, or jokes. Even Bucky shared with him one afternoon out by the oak tree in the schoolyard that he found the girl with long braided hair sitting in the front corner of their class very “cute.”
“Sure thing, Steve,” Tony said easily, moving to sit with Steve on the ground near the edge of the roof. The New York skyline looked amazing from up here, and just as Steve predicted, the waning light covered them in warm tones of pink and orange. It covered Tony’s hair in highlights of gold, and Steve found himself gazing at him rather than the sunset. Eventually, Tony turned to meet his gaze, and they held it for a moment until Steve finally found the courage to break it.
“Your orders you mean?” Tony sneered back stepping closer. “Who died and made you team captain, huh? Oh, that’s right, the Greatest Generation did! Cap, I saw a detonator that only I can disable, I disable the damn thing (in record time I might add), and all you get from that is’ you didn’t follow orders, Tony,’ and ‘oh you’re such a show-off Tony.’ I’m not going to let bombs go off just to boost your damn ego! Got it, spangled?”
“Shut up about the primary objective already, it’s just
“Just go sit down mister.”
Steve is confused. "That is what?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Tony." Pepper rolls her eyes fondly as she steps forward to accept her daughter. "Why am I not surprised."
"You are an adorable human being." The AI says, giving him a smile. "
It's the only thing he can really do.
Then Tony finds himself rolling his eyes amusedly when she immediately drags him off to work on his social media presence, citing that he owes her.
“Luck?” Steve tries weakly after a brief pause. Pepper laughs.
“Better,” Steve says, smiling and helping Peter up, who seems slightly winded. “Why don’t you take fifteen, and then we’ll come back and keep going.” and Peter nods, darting off to get some water.
been cold.
” Steve groans from where his face is still buried in Tony’s neck. The tips of his ears are pink. It’s kind of adorable.
“How?” Tony’s asking him wondrously days later, his face alight with joy as he pokes at his unmarred chest, sitting up against his bed, and Steve keeps his face carefully blank of any feelings as he watches Tony from his own position beside him.
“I’m...not sure I’m ready to talk about it yet,” Tony admits, and his face grows haggard again at the memory of what happened in the workshop, and Steve wants to know now, more than anything, but he holds it in. “I...need time. More time. I know after that outburst I probably owe you a hell of an explanation, but. I just. I
“I know you can,” Pepper laughs, “You sound like you’re getting prepared for a mission Steve, put the Captain America voice away.”
don’t move, God you
“YOU CAN SING.” She shrieks, instead of answering either inquiries.
Tony blinks. “Is what your fault?”
Maria frowns as she watches him, but after a tense second, nods in understanding. “Fury won’t be happy.”
“You’re such a little shit.”
He tries to return to his normal routine in the next few days, forces himself to keep going despite the fact that his mind is a million miles away.
“Oh no, not at all,” Steve shuffles the neat piles of paperwork to the side and caps his pen. “Just finishing up some reports.”
There's a chorus of groans from around the table.
Steve loses track of how long they just stay there, not saying anything, but Tony eventually leans over a bit to look at Steve, who still stares resolutely at the ceiling, ignoring him. Tony seems to have calmed down more at this point as well, face neutral as he gazes down at Steve.
“Well this is just fascinating.” A voice says from the doorway, and everyone except Natasha and the Hulk jumps.
He arrives at Nat’s location first, and has to sit down for a bit at the sight of her placid and empty face, hair no longer vivid red now that it’s turned to ice.
then we take back everything we said.” Steve says dryly, slipping into banter despite himself, and Tony laughs, giving him a pleasantly surprised look.
Of course, physically, he looks the same as always. No bags under the eyes, no manifestation of his weariness in the holographic image.
Steve snorts a bit, tries for a joke. “They’re trying to get here during New York rush hour? Good luck.”
Tony finally chokes out, face crumpling before Steve’s eyes. “You’re
, and you said...killing us all in our sleep? Broken? Just no. That hadn’t even crossed my mind.”
if there’s something seriously wrong. I wasn’t
Steve eventually decides to send the guards and servants away, because their icy presence in the already frigid room doesn't seem to be helping the man's condition. He's paler than ever, the healthy golden hue leaching from his skin, and his body becoming racked with increasingly violent shivers that shake the metal of his armour.
then.”
She embraces Tony, and they clutch at each other, crying in relief, in gratitude.
Plus he hasn’t truly left the compound in quite a while - calls to assemble notwithstanding - and even he can admit he’s kind of becoming a hermit.
“I’ll call him again, try and talk to him, and you should too when he’s ready.” Pepper says, “Honestly, it sounds like he just needs a friend right now.”
thought of doing this, I suppose I can’t blame you when your arguments are shit.”
!” Steve yells angrily and Pepper starts laughing so hard she almost falls off the chair. “I’ve been trying for
“Nothing, it’s just.” Bruce shrugs a bit, and then turns to Tony, directing the explanation at him. “Okay, so your memory storage is pretty much empty at the moment like you say, but this coding is just.
“Randomly my ass.” Natasha snorts over the sound of Tony’s offended
“-write down the equation Steve-”
"Look. Do you mind just-just give me a day alright? Just this day to-to get used to the situation.” he gives the AI a tight smile, knows he looks too stiff, but he can’t seem to make his body obey him, the instructions to relax. “This is just, a lot to process, and I meant what I said earlier, you're always welcome here, make no mistake of that, heck this is technically your compound? You're part of the team now, but just for today, I can’t-” Steve breaks off, breathing in sharply, wills the AI to understand, this is Steve’s own issues not anyone else’s, but he can’t seem to make himself say it without it sounding awful and plastic. “-just give me a day to mourn him?"
on his workshop. Steve aches at the thought of what could have been lost, and what could have been cut free, and instead just nods in response to Pepper, who looks at him worriedly.
“And...could you...call in Iron Man?” Steve blinks, and wonders why he’s so surprised at the suggestion, his brain having written that particular incident as a one-off kind of thing. Of course, if Tony were to decide he
Steve shrugs. “Point.”
“I’m glad.” Steve says and Natasha smiles.
“It won’t.” Tony shakes his head resolutely, determination firming up his jaw. “I love Rhodey like family, and I will not be the one to rip his heart out with a confession. I came here because they would have realized sooner or later that something is wrong, if I had stayed.”
There are ceremonies and traditions still, because it is their charge and they go through them mechanically.
Either way, Steve smiles, and goes back to building a pinecone castle with Morgan.
Steve watches the both of them in turn, feeling unbearably warm and sappy, at how they're interacting, snarking, how Tony seems to just belong. This is what he had been missing for the entire week Steve was hung up on the past, this sense of family, this happiness? Steve could kick himself, but he has it now, and he doesn't plan on letting it go. There are still reservations of course, little twinges of hurt, but the price paid is worth it in the end.
“The curse?”
“Two hours outside and then you have lessons.” Steve reminds Morgan’s retreating figure, who turns around and pouts at him.
They talk about Pepper finally re-marrying about two years ago to Happy, both Nat and Steve treading lightly on the topic for Tony’s sake, but he only shakes his head and smiles at them happily. He still loves her, and he always will, but that love has changed in the time he’s spent here into something calmer, accepting. She’s his best friend, his family first and foremost, and always has been. Maybe it’s the fact that he’s dead, he doesn’t know, but Tony’s glad that she’s finally gotten over him, that she’s living out her life to the fullest with Happy, who he also loves like family, and that Morgan now has a full support behind her as she grows up and grows old. He got five wonderful happy years with them, and he cherishes those memories, but that time has ended and he knows it. It doesn’t really feel like an ending though. It feels like peace.
“Movie night after?” Sam offers to him, Bucky and Bruce quietly, but Steve shakes his head.
Tony was tinkering in his workshop with Sam, who had requested that he turn down the music, since he can't concentrate with it on. Tony had rolled his eyes but turned off AC/DC as per request.
They shoot down the road at breakneck speed, and Tony whoops and hollers and laughs the entire journey there, stomach dropping away, adrenaline rushing through his veins like fire, with the irregular flutter of a heartbeat behind his reactor.
Tony stops abruptly in his steps because he starts laughing too hard, and Steve almost knocks him over when he runs into him.
“I-it’s nothing, just. I just remembered-there’s something important I have to do, I-ten minutes, give me ten minutes, I’ll be right back, I just-”
Steve’s not entirely sure if it’s because of the meeting, because of the fact that the situation is just in the forefront of his mind, but he keeps going back to the moment the HYDRA agent got a hold of him, that strangle hold, the free fall, the safety of the Iron Man armour, Tony’s guilt…
, down in the workshop.
“Tony?”
Pepper needs to get back to SI as soon as possible, apparently having dashed out of the middle of an important meaning as soon as she got the news. Happy is currently holding down the fort.
Tony wheezes, trying to get his laughter under control before opening his camera. He gives it his best stern look, and then takes out the drawing app, adding a cowl and a shield. He captions this pic “Language!” And promptly sends it.
