John receives quite the wound as his platoon is ambushed by snipers. Luckily for him, Bill is there to remove the bullet and request Medevac. As he lays on the sticky ground, he forgets about his soulmate when their life really counts most.
There may have been a time where he would have lied, but he couldn’t do it to Molly; not right now. Her expression was honest and open, hopeful for an answer equally as genuine.
The fine fabric is pleasant against my fingers, rough and solid, yet comforting. I shimmy into it, leaving it unbuttoned as I twirl around in place, feeling the end billow dramatically. Gladstone nearly catches it between his teeth, but I restrain him with one hand and pull the coat up with my other.
We stay in companionable silence for many minutes, continuing to wash and dry the dishes until there aren't any left. I gesture for him to go sit back down on his stool, and he complies, grasping his mug of lager and taking a greedy gulp.
Although they were not together romantically, and never would be, Sherlock felt a touch of fondness for Molly which he felt for no one else—not even John. It was a special sort of softness which had developed more so over the past few years he had been acquainted with John, who’s gentle patience and humanity had coaxed from him a greater appreciation for people. He had never voiced this tenderness to Molly for fear that she would feel led on, or develop some hope at a relationship. Perhaps in another lifetime they could have been something. Frankly, Sherlock had invested himself completely in John Watson from the very start. There was no way to deter him then, and especially not now.
, and to have some idea of what his soulmate was like. After thinking that, he immediately felt guilt flood into him on John’s behalf.
John grimaced but looked as if he understood. “It’ll help with your fatigue. You’re shaking, Sherlock.”
". I glare daggers at him momentarily before Lestrade gives me a pleading look, and I sigh long-windedly.
I keep thinking my soulmate might be in danger, like they might die and I'll never even meet them, let alone know who they were.
junkie. More cautious, more knowledgeable, less stupid. He had more self-control than any of the others, thought Sherlock. The smack this morning had merely been a momentary lapse in his usual rigid self-restriction.
"What do you think I'll first see that's blue?" I query, leaning forward to pick at one of the marigold's petals. I rub it between my thumb and forefinger, waiting as my mother hums thoughtfully.
Sherlock is very clumsy, nipping where he probably shouldn't and using far too much tongue in the process, but the doctor doesn't pull away. He retailiates with an enthusiasm Sherlock is certain prevails his euphoria on even their finest cases. It is wonderful and perfect.
, he wanted to kiss John. The rush of smack, euphoria mixed with elation, made the silly fantasy seem somehow possible.
...his face is gone..." I inhale, then there's nothing. But it's only a moment before my breath is back. It hurts, it all hurts, and I just want it to
“There we are,” Mycroft said, patting Sherlock’s kneecap. “Here,” he said, offering a hand which was begrudgingly taken. He pulled Sherlock to his feet, steadying him in front of the vanity. “Brush your teeth—it’ll make you feel better.”
John’s expression softened. “Every word,” he said, letting out a gentle sigh. “More than you know.” His hands now moved down lower towards Sherlock’s shoulder, softly tracing shapes into his skin. “I swear I’ll never hurt you again, Sherlock. I
“Nothing,” said Sherlock, because lying was easier—but his voice broke on the word. “I told you already.”
“Of course I am,” he said matter-of-factly, scratching the back of his head. “It’s just…” He considered the question seriously. “I’m also terrified. What is the probability of finding one particular person out of seven billion? Probability and possibility are not in my favor.”
His eyes train on my cane for a moment before they return to my face, and he smiles, albeit hesitant. He remains silent as I glance around the park, hearing the chirp of happy birds and seeing the white light of our sun blotted out by the clouds.
"Mrs. Hudson," I chide irritably, pushing with more force this time. She seems to take the hint as she backs off, giving me some space to rise from my chair.
"Hmmm...decent layout. Mantle; good place for a skull. Practical chair, facing the window, but in the middle of the flat;
"I know I am," I state simply. I think the answer should speak for itself, but she still looks perplexed. "Mum said he had been drinking more lately; with that knowledge, I could've asked him about it, helped him."
the sincerity of John’s concern clinging to every feature. The intensity of it was disturbing, after such a long reprieve from John’s affections. The worst part, thought Sherlock, was that John
"You hav-have to come s-ee him, John...his face...he's dying...!" Her voice cracks. I suddenly want to roll back into bed; it would be easier. Anything other than now would be easier.
. I register the fact vaguely, tugging at my sleeve and smoothing my hands over my pants. The shades of gray are starting to get to me.
"John?" she says firmly, now taking my face in her palms, ignoring my slight flinch away. "Did you get your marking?" she asks, and I can't help but think it's a dumb question
Sherlock swallowed, hard. He itched for an escape from this conversation like he itched for a case to numb his boredom. His skin tingled.
In an attempt to quiet his own damningly persistent desire, Sherlock tried to refuse even thinking about anything so much as to do with soulmates. Mycroft and his parents all knew him to be petulant and stubborn as a mule; if anyone could accomplish such an insurmountable task, it would be a ruddy-faced and unruly Sherlock with his arms akimbo and the concentration of a flamethrower. That was what he told himself.
And suddenly, Sally understands his motive. "You want them to kiss?" she asks, startled by the smile he sends her way. He doesn't nod, but she knows she's right; the almost ridiculously wide grin is proof enough.
not knowing why.” There was no way he could seem to voice this cloying feeling adequately, no matter how dearly he tried.
"How so, dear?" she asks, going back to watching and tending the boiling water. I huff, what I hope can pass as good naturedly, at the use of the nickname.
“Okay,” was all Sherlock said: this was not at all how he wanted to respond, but could think of nothing more fitting. John smiled back at him, a little reassuring quirk of lips Sherlock had been longing for, but that somehow seemed misplaced.
It is no secret, either, that he does worry about his brother and Dr. Watson's relationship at times. One day, it will be verging on romantic, the next it will be intimately platonic, and then they will have little contact on the morrow, but come back full circle to start again. It is as worrying as it is humorous.
"No, you're not. There was something different," I confirm, looking again to her face, then down to my lap. I mess with a dangling piece of string on my sleeve.
"He's more than that, hence how we got into the position we are currently in." His eyes soften slightly then as he says,"Now tell me, really, who is he? Will he hurt you?"
"Well, I'd say...aubergine...it's a deep, rich, beautiful purple," she explains, and I can only imagine what the sight will look like.
I observe the medics as they carry a gurney over to me, their clunky boots hammering against the terrain. It's an oddly reassuring sound after having such a long, loud, low ringing in your ears.
"I...where?" My eyes linger on the couple again; I notice the stroller they're toting around. I can see their baby.
For as much as John’s presence sent anxiety and uncertainty rippling through Sherlock’s body, there was also nowhere else Sherlock could imagine himself. Either John and Rosie remained or Sherlock would return to living alone. It would be agonizing and lonely, but no one would ever be able to replace John. He had become a permanent fixture in Baker Street.
“Take it,” said Mycroft, pressing the book into Sherlock’s shaking hands. “All of John Watson’s therapy sessions—recorded in this journal.” Sherlock's eyebrows climbed into his hair, even though he wasn’t surprised by the admission—had come to the same conclusion when he first saw the book. “There’s information from his last several sessions in here that I think you may find...most interesting.”
"Putting aside the one time I already saw them ready to snog each other senseless," he smiles again,"they're pretty obvious. I mean, look at the way they're looking at each other." He gestures subtly to the pair across the room.
My head shakes on its own accord, back and forth in an expression of disagreement, and I tip my head back and laugh. It's gentle and quiet and bubbly and
“Sure,” said John, “I’ll be waiting for you.” He smiled in what was probably intended to be a reassuring way, settling a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Just take your time.”
After dressing slowly into the pajamas John had brought him, inspecting his gross stubble, sunken-in eyes, and haphazard hair in the mirror—all the while his mind constantly buzzing with negative thoughts about how the coming conflict with John would go—Sherlock felt no less prepared to return to the living room. If anything, his resolve was wearing thinner and thinner like the fabric of a sweater which had seen too much use.
Suddenly, there's a ping from my pocket, and I wrench out my shabby BlackBerry to see a text notification labeled '
Murray sounds muffled, but I can feel his breath ghosting over my face; the feeling is unpleasant. It tickles my cheeks then trickles down my spine, and it's only making me feel colder.
I usually don't gape like a fish out of water, but I can confirm unwaveringly that I know I am right this instant. How could I not?
Suddenly, Lestrade goes rigid beside me. His hand stops rubbing the towel over the wet utensils, and his expression is wiped completely blank. I wouldn't say I feel worried, just...
: I meant that boys were more relatable, that they made better friends. But, from then on, they've always called me gay. Now,
Mycroft returned to find Sherlock rolling around on the couch. He deposited the glass of water on the end table, along with a small pack of saltines to help settle his stomach. He also placed the promised bowl on the floor next to the couch, then surprisingly sat himself on the coffee table across from Sherlock.
Registering the significant loss of weight, she recognizes that it's empty; another thing she'll have to do. Buy their milk for them. Or maybe not; she's sure she has an extra carton in her refrigerator. She can just give that one to the boys, for now.
!" I mutter angrily, swiftly pulling my violin to my chest. I scratch out a grating note before plopping down again.
The psychopath and his sidekick are standing right under a strand of mistletoe. The worst part, though, is that neither of them seem to notice; not the mistletoe, or the quieting chatter, or the crowd's indecent speculation. It's only when some loud-mouthed Yarder yells,"Oh, just bloody kiss already!" that the two of them seem to realize anything.
John blanched at him, paper thin. “You don’t have to pretend, Sherlock. What I did was inexcusable.”
“I think I’m alright,” he responded, but his voice came out just a bit too strained to be convincing. Honestly, very little about him looked convincingly “okay”. He was sure a doctor as adept as John could tell without much effort that he was, at the very least, experiencing flu-like symptoms. “Only ate some saltines. Couldn’t keep anything else down,” said Sherlock. The thought of eating hadn’t been very appealing since his withdrawal began. Heroin always managed to unsettle his stomach, obliterate whatever small appetite he had to begin with. “Not very hungry.”
"I heard them grumbling about being woken up so early," he says, a small smile on his face as he goes to get his own shoes on. "Then again, I heard what woke them up, too."
“Why?” his mother said slowly, a knowing smile creeping onto her face. “Did you get your soul-marking, young man?” She said it sternly, with a certain air of gravitas that hadn’t been there only a moment ago.
Disgustingly, they kiss before piling into the vehicle, Lestrade with an almost ditzy smile as he clamors in. I scoff as I practically throw myself into my chair; how can they be so overtly affectionate in front of me?
Disappointed, I exit Bart's and try fitfully to hail a cab. The handsome man named Sherlock isn't my William; it hasn't really sunk in yet.
"Ligature marks here, around the bulk of her throat. About the width of her purse's strap, hence the murder weapon has been right under your noses." Sherlock flicks his coat collar up with a dramatic flourish, looking to Lestrade's frowning face.
I remember I used to always converse with Mycroft about soulmate markings, and I'd always be sure to ask if he finally got his. That was when I cared significantly about finding my "Other Half", and now, I haven't even bothered to remember his partner's name. Abruptly, I realize I'm curious about his soulmate, even though I seem to have deleted their mention from my Mind Palace. I guess, now that I know I have a soulmate, and I'm not one of those few, shunned upon outcasts who don't have a marking, I've reinvested myself in the world of soul mates.
Mycroft pointedly stirred sugar into his tea, then took a long, self-satisfied sip. “You took a tad longer than expected,” he said, pacing into the living room. There was something strange about his facial expression; his features were forced into false rigidity, masking an underlying discomfiture and vexation. “Figured you wouldn’t mind,” he said, extending the mug in indication.
He couldn’t return to Baker Street like this anyway. If he woke John, or God forbid Rosie, there would be no way to justify his erratic behavior. If he just got enough smack to soothe the stimulant effects of the coke, he could ride this out just fine. The cool down would be a bitch, as per usual, but anything was preferable to this fucking
I shut the door softly, not bothering to flip the light on as I gently place my tea on the nightstand and plop onto the neatly made bed. Too bad I'm so disorganized; the room won't look as nice once I settle in. I reach over and turn the bed lamp on, grasping the mug and brushing it against my lips. I take a gulp, ignoring the burning sensation in my mouth.
“You feel obligated to stay with me after what you did,” garbled Sherlock, tongue feeling thick as he spoke, as if it was puffy and rooted to the roof of his mouth. The familiar sting of tears nipped at his vision but he bit down on his lower lip to replace the distress with physical pain. “That’s why you stayed. You felt guilty because of what you did. You want a clear conscience.” He exhaled tiredly, keeping his gaze squarely on the television. “Well you already have my forgiveness. There’s nothing else you have to do so—“
However, before Sherlock heard John’s familiar gait on the stairs, a featherlight kiss was pressed to the center of his forehead. “Goodnight, Sherlock,” was mumbled into the inky darkness of the flat before John returned to his room upstairs.
Mycroft smirked in that self-possessed and smug way of his. “A wise man never tells,” he said, wagging his index finger.
I turn to Bill, him showing a small smile as he trails beside the stretcher. There's still a dull ache in my shoulder, and the pain sometimes sky rockets, but I'll survive.
One night John would go shopping, the next Sherlock would take up the responsibility. Sherlock would order takeaway and John would pick it up. One would get sick and the other would take care of him. It was a precarious balancing act, with an unspoken precipice. It was such an undefinable thing that most people who met them could never quite put it into words, or at least not ones which even managed to do it justice.
“As well as I can be, I suppose,” said Sherlock. “Though I’d be better if you didn’t stick me, thanks.”
At some indefinable point in his travels, Sherlock had decided it would be beneficial to have company. Almost without conscious thought, he had ended up at St. Bartholomew's hospital, seeking out Molly.
The last of her inhibitions and guard seemed to melt away, expression now touched with fondness and forgiveness. “For what?”
He lit a cigarette, inhaling and expelling curling tendrils of smoke from the window. He watched as the smoke dispelled into the sky, as he flicked ash onto the rotting floorboards beneath his feet. Reveling in the pleasant burning of the smoke, he took another drag and blew out a long, satisfying puff. An onlooker on the kerb below caught his attention, narrowed beady eyes at him with disapproval akin to that of a parent towards a child who had snuck out, then continued on his way with an indignant shuffle. Sherlock watched him amble away with a startling amount of steel, finding that some sort of defensiveness had swathed over him, as if he felt the need to take arms against anyone who disapproved of his lifestyle.
Stubbornly, I just lift my chin and look out the window, wishing I could destroy their choice of transport with my mind. I can practically hear the smirk melting off of my brother's face as it sounds like he roughly places the cage on the floor.
Sherlock just dismissively gestures for him to leave, then turns to John and starts prattling on about a list of possible motives. The last Lestrade sees is the detective pointing wildly at something before the door clicks shut behind him.
"Ah, well," she starts, eyeing the marking with a small smile,"it's one of the most lovely shades of blue I've ever seen..." And she must see the mixture of wonder and confusion on my face as she gives an understanding smile and continues. "I think everything I've ever seen that's blue has always been pretty. The ocean, flowers, the sky, rain, your eyes..."
"Mum? What's wrong?" Hoisting myself up, I grip my cane; I stumble. Take a deep breath. "What's happened?"
He thanked Mrs. Hudson for the tea, rose from his chair, kissed Rosie on her forehead, and made his way back to his flat.
“Oh, Sherlock.” Mrs. Hudson was the only one who could get away with saying his name in such a manner without it feeling like pity. “He has a child now, love. He’s grieving Mary still. I would just give him time to come around.”
...," I smile through the tears, and suddenly, she gives up. I see her face drain of any fight at the whining tone of my voice, and, I admit, I don't like the way it sounds much either.
"I know," he interrupts, pointing slightly to my wrist. "But he may not be the one, Sherlock, and I'm sure if he is, he won't be-can't be-any of the things you said."
John’s brows furrowed and his mouth grew taut. “No, I don’t think I will,” he said, avoiding Sherlock’s gaze. Something like steel was infused in his voice.
"Yes, well, I thought I could settle for him, but I suppose I couldn't, considering neither of us ever saw colors and now, well, you've killed him," she says, rather bluntly, smiling slightly despite the way she's averting her sad gaze. I'm not entirely sure how to comfort her.
I sense the pounding boots more than hear them as I'm drowned by Stanley's shadow. I feel a sudden cold rush over me again, and the pliers being dug back into my flesh doesn't help.
I glare at the font, suddenly annoyed at it for forming such frustratingly true sentences at my brother's insistence. Next thing I know, my BlackBerry has been flung across the room, and apparently I can't catch a break because the characteristic message indicator still chimes.
Sometimes, in the quiet of early morning, something snarled under his skin. It felt like an old friend, like muscle memory, like sinking into a warm bath, or returning home after a long day. It was a feeling he remembered quite clearly, one which had imprinted itself in his mind and which he couldn’t shake. He watched his veins in the faint sliver of light which shone through the drawn curtains. Blues and greens slithered along alabaster, prominent, pulsing. They seared and ached, and something in Sherlock’s chest opened up like a chasm with wanting. Something primal and intimate surged in his abdomen.
I groggily reach for my bedside table and pull out an outfit for the day, cradling it in my arms. I sigh, turning to see my "roommates" still lounging lazily on their cots and snoring softly. I shake my head fondly, my feet pattering against the floor as I make my way to the barracks for a shave and a shower. My hair has grown...unruly since my recent deployment; it's really been bothering me.
You would think it would be overly hot when you die, all of the blood pouring from your warm and insulated body. I just feel cold, though. My blood feels frigid and it snakes under my palms and rubs itself along my back. Everything is so
I turn to him, then turn to the table beside my bed as I open the drawer. Drawing my personal Browning from its confines, I stuff it into my pocket after making sure the safety is on.
"Maybe so, Mycroft, but the fact still remains that he will leave like the rest, soulmate or not. They always do," I intone dejectedly, and Mycroft's eyes harden with something close to understanding. He pivots to look out the window, taking a clump of the chair's arm in hand, pulling, worrying at the fabric.
"I'll try," I grate out, giving Lestrade an incredulous look; Mycroft doesn't seem to understand privacy whatsoever. This is my flat, and I asked him to leave; he and the D.I. should be
"Oh, honey...," she sighs with a pain in her eyes that makes me want to just...hug her. "I just...I wish you'd accept that you can't change your fate. You're bound to this...
Eventually, after having grown tired of trying to tease apart his intrigue from his conscious, he instead honed in with surgeon-like precision on his deepest thoughts. Memories of his mother resurfaced—moments long passed, from when he must have been only a toddler. His mother had told him stories of soulmates. It was all probably highly romanticized accounts, seeing as his mother, at least upon gaining colored vision, only seemed to look at the world through rose-tinted glasses. She talked of immediate connections between soulmates; soul-sucking intimacy; and most especially that vaguely familiar but also strangely unsettling sensation one has upon seeing someone one’s surely met before, but can’t seem to recall from where.
"That's wonderful, Sherlock," she says, walking up to my side and patting me on the shoulder. "Come on, dear," she beckons(as I twitch at the nickname),"I've got some biscuits for you in the kitchen."
They pull apart, and the very smile they give each other is making me (probably irrationally) angry. Before my brother met Lestrade, he almost never smiled, and everything is changing almost too quickly.
"His face looked like Glads when I gave him a special treat from out of town for no reason, except because I thought he would appreciate it." The analogy startles even me, and the way I smile when I say it is slightly disconcerting; I
"You're taking him," he huffs, and I can hear him opening the latch. "And that's final," he continues as I hear nails click against the hardwood. My lips form a thin frown as the canine nips at my heels as I try idly to kick him away.
"Did the Freak's lapdog drag him here, or what?" she scoffs, turning to Lestrade. He glares at her from the corner of his eyes; it's strangely intimidating.
They pick her up and walk her over to the small bench, where Sherlock was originally seated to wait for them and manage to calm her down, while John inspects the thin arm of his little daughter.
Their quite, little bubble soon bursts, as a shuffling against the door was heard, followed by the loud barking of a small brown-white bulldog, that confidently enters the bedroom and comes beside the bed of its masters.
Even Mycroft awkwardly hugs his brother and John for a few seconds and Anderson bursts into tears, while embracing Sherlock.
John winks at him and Sherlock can't help a grin at the perfectly plausible explanation of his partner.
Sherlock sighs in frustration. Not knowing about the content on this paper almost drives him mad. When John stood before him at the ice rink, he managed a quick glimpse at the many words, written in the doctor's own handwriting, but unfortunately not long enough to even make out one coherent word.
“Morning, Rosie,” he whispers. The girl grins at him and a sparkle comes into her eyes, when she suddenly jumps up and lets her whole weight fall against Sherlock's upper body, to embrace him into a tight hug. Surprised by this sudden attack, the dark haired man moans and can't help but giggle, when the little fingers start tickling his rips. “Good Moring, papa!” Rosie shouts and visibly enjoys the reaction of the laughing man, who's begging her to stop tickling the sensitive spots on his ribcage.
“You okay?” John whispers, when they both sit down and Sherlock nods, a little smile forming on his lips as he lets his eyes wander over the people around them, all chatting cheerfully with each other.
Your mad experiments, your late night violin concerts, your sulking for days on end, your complete inability to manage your money or keeping even one room in the flat somewhat clean.” he stops again, giving the detective the time to process all that has been said.
John chuckled slightly. It wasn’t perfunctory or feigned, which made Sherlock sit up straighter on the sofa. Somehow, after so long of John treating him so shortly, his behavior right now was putting Sherlock on edge. Christ, it was so much more preferable to walking on eggshells and dancing around one another—but Sherlock had forgotten how to be genuine. He suddenly felt uncomfortable.
My chair scratches, shrill and loud against the tiled floor. I stare down at her, her soft eyes looking at me with so much despair. The only thing I can hear is the constant sound of blowing steam, billowing and rising from the kettle's spout. It's making me uneasy.
John returned some minutes later, flopped himself on his signature chair, and let out a deeply tired sigh.
“What’d you want to talk about?” Victor said, taking a smooth stone between his fingers and launching it into the water.
My fingers find the folds and tear them open, eagerly wrenching open the parcel to see the exquisitely made black fabric of some article of clothing. I dig my hands into the wrapping, unearthing the article and letting it unfurl as I stand up with it in my hands.
Also, my writing style has changed considerably in these last two years. That’s why I deem it more acceptable to completely discontinue this version of Two Halves of the Same Whole and completely overhaul it. The first chapter of the rewrite has already been posted under the same title if anyone is interested.
"I used up the rest of your milk for tea, so I went to get some for you," she explains, unearthing the carton from the pools of plastic bag. Glancing around at the lack of response, she notices both Sherlock and John's mugs forgotten on the little table beside the doctor's characteristic chair.
John smiled. It hinted at the warmth John used to show whenever he praised Sherlock; how he looked at Sherlock like he was the Sun and said his name like a prayer. It felt like old times, for a moment. Rosie was fast asleep, tucked in her bed; Mary, with some regretfulness, was no longer present; John and he were both living back in Baker Street. It was almost as if the past several years had never happened. Sherlock could pretend that they had somehow been living together peacefully for years, that nothing had changed since they first met.
"Wh-where is my cuff? For my wrist? Where...is it?" I stutter, trying desperately to calm my shaky breaths.
Her jaw tensed in distress, but she seemed somehow relieved. “I hope he sees you one day,” she said earnestly, staring Sherlock directly in his eyes. “I...I know how you feel, and I never want you to feel that way. I hope John gets his head out of his arse soon.”
Questions were caged cruelly on the edge of his tongue. They were poised, ready to snarl from his throat. They seared like his veins when inundated with drugs, roiled like turbulent waves—like bubbles ducked under a layer of ice, trapped but eager, hidden but present.
"Oh, God, yes," Sherlock murmurs, neither caring nor asking why he felt the need to exclaim the name of a deity he has never once prayed to. In this moment, nothing else but the expression on John's face could ever matter.
A bunch of clapping follows the kiss, but I'm left wondering how Mycroft and Lestrade know so many people; how many friends can the British government actually have?
Pushing open the office door, she sets the mugs in the sink, slinking over to the office desk in the back of the room. She supposes she really needs to clean a bit if she's to find anything; Sherlock had requested the autopsy of the man she promised him he could take a look at.
He traipsed through waist-high bundles of tulips, roses, and sunflowers before he saw his mother nestled by a cushion of marigolds. She had her trowel in hand and was kneeling amongst the plants.
I hear the baby from outside. He's screaming, gasping for air. All of his oxygen is going to his distress.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock said hastily, already bounding out of the car. He tossed a wad of pound notes in the cabbie’s general direction with a fleeting goodbye.
"Come on, Myc," Greg sighs, patting his hand gently; I want to fling myself onto the chair across the room at the affectionate gesture.
“Sherlock, it’s alright,” said John, more sincerely this time. He was still wide eyed with equal parts surprise and bemusement, but his gaze seemed to be touched by and softened with fondness. “I know.”
Redbeard is special to Sherlock. Nothing will ever change that, he knows, yet he somehow fears Mycroft giving him a dog still will. He acts decidedly petulant, but his brother has always been educated in the ways of compensation.
—he would still forgive John, because he was Sherlock Holmes and where John Watson was concerned, he could never seem to hold ill-will. John was his conduit, his conductor, his savior, his damsel—he was many things.
He stumbled blearily out of the den, hailed a cab, paid the cabbie a considerable amount, if only to prevent him from tattling, and returned to Baker Street as quickly as he could.
I feel sticky as I see Bill's head above me. I feel like waving, but moving my arm just isn't...appealing.
"Do try and act civil at least, brother dear. We wouldn't want Mummy to get involved, now would we?" he simpers, gesturing afterwards to the cage. "All me and Greg would like to do is offer you a present."
"Aw, have a heart, Sherlock; he just wants to play," the DI guffaws, Mycroft placing a hand over his shoulder. As I ardently try to escape the dog's path, I spot the two of them darting out of the door, and I hear the subsequent clack of their shoes as they descend the staircase.
“John?” he said, voice too gentle to his own ears. What had happened to him? Where had abrasive, direct Sherlock gone—the one who would say whatever came to mind and who didn’t let anyone affect the way he felt about himself? Had that person ever even been real?
I suddenly find myself hoping that my counterpart, whatever their name is, wherever they may be, is safe.
I'm left with the tingle of a slap, and I realize this is the first time Bill has ever cursed; maybe I should feel flattered.
"Oh, dear, this is wonderful...," Mrs. Hudson sniffles, drawing a handkerchief up to swat her face. "You haven't found him yet, have you?" She sounds hopeful, excited.
!" I growl loudly, but neither of them listen as Carver moves his hand away from my stomach and targets my head. I see his fist inches away from my eyes, and then I feel it collide with my face, and I whimper in pain. I try to bite my whimper back because I don't want him to know that he's hurting me, but I just
A ping from my pocket disrupts my thoughts, calming my heavy breathing the slightest bit as I pull my mobile out; a text from Mycroft.
"I also know that you're here as a potential flatmate," he explains, turning on his heel and starting back to his microscope. He takes my phone with him, typing something out that I assume is probably just his number. "So, onto a question or two."
I've researched plenty about how deaths affect a soulmate. The wrist of the counterpart left alive will have its name wiped away, erased forever, like they had never even known they had a soulmate, let alone spent most of their life with them. All colors will be reverted back to dull shades of gray. Usually, a person whose soulmate has recently died will fall into a mass depression, and suicide is usually imminent.
Pulling his coat over his shoulders, he flicked up the collar. He ran his hands through his hair, pushing the fringe away from his brow, behind his ears. He loosened the scarf around his neck, feeling constricted by the fabric, as if it had suddenly doubled in size like a compressed towel in contact with water.
"Yes, Sherlock," she says, gesturing for me to come in, I guess. I wave away her offer, still standing awkwardly under the doorway as she patiently waits for whatever I have to say.
, but it is a different sort of attractiveness; I'm not sure he's the definition of an attractive man because people have called me attractive, and neither of us seem very similar.
"Ah, Anneliese. Or what's your current name?" I ask casually, studying the compressed bag of materials held under her arm. My eyes shift back to her face to see a purely professional smile on her lips.
Sherlock nodded and finally shut the car door. He watched as the car peeled away from the kerb and sped off into the night.
"Yeah, but..." A long pause, almost too long. "I won't always be there to tell you what makes sense and what doesn't."
"Sorry," I apologize. It's more out of habit, but the man whose name I still don't know just nods absently and continues staring. It's slightly unnerving, but I'm not deterred as I punch in the buttons of my keypad.
"Of course. You're allowed to leave anytime you like. Would you like me to see you out?" She unfolds her legs, eyes still locked on my face. There isn't much warmth to them.
John looked at him like the weight of the world was on his shoulders. “I’m sorry. I know you may never forgive me. I certainly will never forgive myself.” He inhaled a large breath. “When I became a doctor, I
Sherlock was a difficult person. He had heard it said in a variety of fashions, on a variety of occasions, from a variety of acquaintances. To hear that it wasn’t something he had done seemed like a lie in and of itself. After all, John was the only person who could tolerate him. Shouldn’t he be grateful John had stuck around so long? The beating had been well-deserved, hadn’t it? He didn’t think John unjustified—if anything, he was lucky that was the only time John had ever assaulted him.
Sherlock’s hands tightened minutely in his lap. “Yes, but I thought I’d ask about your day. Friends do that.”
Sherlock stiffened as John entered several hours later with Rosie, asleep in his arms. “John,” he said carefully, adjusting his position on the sofa. He folded his hands in his lap, bowing his head a bit in a show of something akin to submission.
? How did he manage to return to sobriety, however tentatively, after each relapse? How had he managed to get clean in the first place?
“You scarf even,” she intoned, preoccupied with tending to the flowers. Sherlock ran a finger over the fabric, which to him looked about as dull as it always had. This whole color-business was frustrating, as it were. It was tedious and exasperating to know that every object had so much potential to be and look
A sudden euphoria washes over me so strongly that my face breaks into a faltering grin. I refrain from moving the rest of my body, though, because I don't want that blaring ache to return just yet. I want to celebrate accordingly.
Suddenly John moved just a tad too quickly, flicked his wrist just a bit too aggressively, produced a noise just a bit too loudly. Sherlock flinched into the sofa, shielding his eyes for the briefest of moments in the simplest of instincts. John’s expression was laced with smoldering fury and intense reprehension.
Films came to mind as well. They played like reruns in front of his eyes, all the film frames spread before him. Hushed “I love you”s when lovers embraced and love-addled confessions. He remembered quiet intimacy, but most importantly that initial glance between two soulmates where everything just seemed to click. The one would look into their beloved’s eyes, searching for something they alone could find. Something like calm would settle over their expression, as if gazing into the eyes of their soulmate was the hidden key to solving the plights of the observable universe.
"Would he..." My words are no longer words, just incoherent sounds, and now my breath is hitching and my heart hurts and my throat feels constricted. I need water, or
The D.I. looks thoughtful momentarily as he absorbs what I've said, tapping his fingers against the dark gray mahogany of the counter. His forehead creases in thought as he frowns at his mug of lager, sighing after a moment.
Mycroft was still hovering over him, though his expression was now softened with a hint of concern. Sherlock only now felt the presence of fingers in his hair. They massaged at his scalp with a strange facsimile of love, hesitant and begrudging. “What am I going to do with you, brother mine?” said Mycroft, voice barely a whisper.
Then, the smile changes again, and it looks warm this time, like someone's just thawed his face. I'm not sure what warrants the change in expression, but I'm glad for it; his smile is beautiful, which is something I usually don't notice about mouths. I
John’s presence began to once again fill up the flat: his coat hanging on the hook by the front doorway; Rosie’s toys nestled in the corner of the living room; the collection of vintage CDs stacked on the end table; baby formula occupying the pantry; schmaltzy romance novels tucked in the bookshelf; every item of John’s was a staunch reminder that he was back physically—but what Sherlock couldn’t convince himself of was John’s actual presence—not just the tangibility of his furniture, but his mental and emotional existence within the flat.
“I can watch her,” he said in his own voice at last. The words came out tremulous and soft, tinged with desperation as if in a silent plea, but no less genuine. “It isn’t good, as far as I’m aware, to shuffle a child from house-to-house and person-to-person. She’s familiar with me.”
"Sherlock?" she calls, knocking softly before twisting the handle. Gaze locked on the disorganized floor, she flicks her eyes up just for them to widen at the sight.
Yes, he’d had his fair share of relapses, but he hadn’t wanted a hit so dearly as he did now in a very long time. He wondered if the rush might be different now than it had been just a few months ago—when he’d used in the aftermath of Mary’s death. If, perhaps, his veins would remember the surge of pleasure, or if they might simply collapse at anymore stress; if the euphoria was as captivating as he remembered.
Not with the truth of his own feelings, and certainly not with Rosie’s safety. The realization sent a crippling wave of sorrow through him.
He unsteadily took the syringe and flushed the residual solution into the sink basin, then wrapped it in a bit of loo paper and shoved it into his pants pocket.
if only so the ache will go away. His hands steady me, though, and I feel something cold bite into my flesh.
"Alright," I sigh, clapping my hands together. "Mrs. Hudson will have to watch you, and...I'll have to figure out a name later," I assert, wrapping my scarf around my neck.
Hoping to convey some inkling of his affection, he leaned down to press a chaste kiss to her cheek. Molly’s hands fluttered in her lap, as if she wished to extend them. Sherlock grabbed them, squeezed them within his own, kept them from moving anxiously.
Squeezing a dollop into my hand, I roughly rake my hands through my disheveled hair. The white foam smells cheap, but it still smells good enough for me as I inhale deeply and turn to get the body wash.
There was one lady at those meetings, he remembered, who always complained about her children. How misbehaved they were, how she sometimes wanted to strangle them, sometimes went into the bathroom and had forgotten why she’d gone, only to remember she used to escape and do drugs there in her youth. Another man had lamented about how when he watched the telly, it felt like he was putting the newscaster off. How he cut rails of sugar with a spoon and stared at it for several beats too long before remembering that, of course, it wasn’t coke.
John isn't too pleased about his soulmate marking, and he tells his mom so. She knocks some sense into him, but then John gets into a fight...and really gets knocked into...
stashed drugs in the flat. Sherlock was more than aware that he would never do anything to intentionally hurt Rosie, but he wasn’t so self-aggrandizing as to proclaim himself a good first choice of babysitter. He completely understood John’s scepticism, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t deeply unsettled by it.
and spout off whatever he wished to say. Yet, there was some dynamic of their relationship which had changed, which had rendered talking about meaningful things somehow taboo. They could now only talk about the mundane, the trivial, and the frivolous.
"Well, it's hard to describe it, Sherlock. I could tell you that blue feels cool and soothing, like ice, or that it's relaxing and nonconforming, like waves, or that it's crisp and cool, like blueberries. Or I could tell you it's depressing, correlated with tears, or it's soothing and soft, like a breeze. But I know you'd particularly loathe those answers, so I'm afraid I can't answer your question. There are no scientific facts or adjectives I could use to describe any color, and when you first see blue, you'll know exactly what I mean."
Much to Sherlock’s disappointment and chagrin, nothing changed after that night. Days went on with Sherlock expecting John to mention something, to act differently than he had before, to be less protective of Rosie; no such changes came.
I feel the soft tremor of his heart, listening to his heavy breaths as my fingertips rub circles into his splotched fur. He licks my limp hand, and I smile.
The detective growls, because his bastard of a brother has an infinitely more important opportunity to use his annoying tact somewhere else. "Seventy-three, excluding the ones that needn't require fighting for Queen and Country, and you show up in my flat at 3 am with the predisposition to control my life?"
Sherlock’s cheeks burned red with humiliation: he felt like a child being reprimanded by their mother.
-lated..." Her breath hitches audibly, and I can see her figure etched into my vision. She's sitting in my desk chair, sobbing into her palms. I blink slowly.
me, y’know?” He licked his lips. “You were coiled up like a spring. And I just sort of snapped because I felt helpless. That’s no excuse for the things...that I said to you. I shouldn’t have reacted the way I did.”
"Appreciate it," he states, tipping his pint of alcohol slightly in further thanks. I just nod at him before going to collect utensils from the disheveled tables.
I suppose the immediate attraction between two soulmates is helpful, considering the fact that there are many Marys and Johns and Michaels and Lisas in the world, and the colors don't always come right away to confirm your relationship.
He began to doze off. Around a half hour later, the euphoria began to wear off. Reality nipped at the edges of his mind. He seemed to come plummeting down from some great height, as if his air balloon had deflated, or someone had infused his gut with lead.
"Lestrade is always making fun of my lack of political knowledge and how I don't know the current prime minister," I explain, squinting slightly at the computer screen. "But now, with your name, I can rub in his face that I know at least one well known one..."
Suddenly he felt like a kid with his hand caught in the cookie jar. “Well,” he started slowly, walking closer to the center of the room and collapsing into his armchair. He fiddled with the baggies in his inner coat pocket discreetly, reassuring himself of their continued presence. “You know how Graham is.” He shrugged his shoulders in a gesture as if to indicate the complete lack of need for further exposition.
Suddenly, I hear all of the boys file back into the room, roudy and soggy as they go to their cots to retrieve their shoes and socks. I turn to my alarm clock, whatever-color numbers almost burning into my vision.
"I didn't think he had it in him to feel things that way," the sergeant murmurs, trying to fend off her red hot jealousy; why does the Freak get someone so devoted and loyal, and she can't even keep someone as easy as Anderson?
“Come on,” Sherlock muttered, setting a cigarette filter in the spoon, then sucking the solution into the syringe. He held it needle-up, flicking the barrel to dispel any air from the instrument.
He jostled the package in his arms, finding it was as substantial in weight as it was in appearance. It was a plain, inconspicuous parcel, which made Sherlock increasingly convinced that the contents of said package were far from legal.
find him, Sherlock," Greg cuts in, placing a refraining hand on Mycroft's. "It'll just take some time. Myc and I were older than you when we first met." The D.I. smiles at me, but I'm too busy hating the repulsively sentimental nickname he just referred to my brother as. I want someone to refer to me like that.
I lean back against the sofa, trying to conform my buzzing thoughts, but it's proving to be more difficult to reign over my mind now than usual. I tap my forehead repeatedly, annoyed. Then, I answer truthfully:
Turning the knosel off, I step out of the shower and reach for a towel from the rack beside me. I ruffle my soaked hair with it before rubbing it over the rest of my body.
. Wonder why." He shrugs his shoulders again, adjusting his glasses as he goes to the door to greet the still shocked young girl.
It's only then that he notices the pair are pressed flush together, John pinned against the wall. There are merely a few inches between their lips, and Lestrade suddenly wishes Sally had brought the phone in.
“Shit,” he whispered, staggering from the ground. The floor seemed to sway beneath his feet. He peeked through the curtains, seeing a steady line of cars on the street and figuring it was probably early evening.
Even if Sherlock and John never talked about anything warm, never gazed at each other like they used to, never went on cases, never got mistaken for a couple—which somehow stung just as deeply as everything else—it had to be okay. Sherlock had grown, over many years, very adept at hiding his own feelings. It’s not that he didn’t experience any, as his peers had taunted, but that he found it was excruciating to ever let his full breadth of feeling exist. He tucked his emotions into a dark back room of his Mind Palace.
it is they have." My arm snakes up into a toast, as do the audiences before I finally say,"May their relationship prosper, as it is written that soulmates complete each other. Let us hope that Mycroft would drop his cakes and pastries and God awful umbrella for Lestrade, even though I firmly doubt it."
to get high, but wanted the high of the drugs to forget his guilt. He knew that would only lead to vicious self-hatred and no progress, but shooting up for comfort was an old friend. It made sense to do it; he could fade away from his body, relax, forget reality, and push everyone away all at once. He could be alone and guarantee that no one wanted to stay with him—that he would never drag anyone down.
“Would you like some tea, dear?” said Mrs. Hudson, placing a steadying hand on his forearm. Her hand inched just a bit too closely to the crook of his elbow, but he resisted the urge to shake himself from her grip.
I used to always ask Mummy if there was someone out there for me, someone who would love me unconditionally and not hate all of my supposed quirks and icy comments. She had always said that there had always been someone who loved me, and who would always love me, unconditionally.
He blinks, once, twice, thrice. Another five times just for good measure to shake the overwhelming confusion suffocating his Mind Palace. Lips agape, he swiftly closes his mouth, then reopens it, thinking how unflattering his case of 'fish face' must look in this moment. It continues, silence stretching on. The detective thinks he's never wanted his meddlesome brother to interfere more.
“Oh,” said Sherlock, unsure how to proceed. It was hard to deal with other people’s feelings when he could barely contain the avalanche of his own. His wrists itched, as if the blood in his veins was toxic.
Sherlock hummed in response and curled more tightly into the fetal position in his chair. His stomach cleaved to his ribs, empty except for a pack of biscuits which he had eaten the night before. The thought of introducing anything solid into his stomach induced a looming sense of nausea. He wrapped his arms around himself, cushioning his head on his wrists.
"And why is that?" I growl. "Why do I allegedly need company?" Scrubbing a hand over his face, the DI sighs in a way that oddly reminds me of Mycroft; I guess they're rubbing off on each other.
“No,” he said, taking a meager sip of his tea. “The world has been...annoyingly decent. It’s dreadful.”
himself—for John and Rosie’s sake—that he wouldn’t resort to smack. Coke was bad enough, but to return to the warm, enticing embrace of heroin after so many years...Sherlock winced.
I rise from the ground, sparing a glance at the garden and Mummy before I leave. I see my mother smile, something in her eyes I can't quite place, and, as we've already established, I don't like not knowing.
“Thanks for...the syringes.” He gestured vaguely, in an all encompassing way, to which the woman nodded with a very subtle smirk. “
“I’m counting on it,” said Sherlock, looking stubbornly out the window. He avoided the cabbie’s stare, which he could feel piercing the back of his head. “Just take me there.” Impatience and desperation flooded his voice. He clenched his hands so tightly into fists that his fingernails imprinted purplish crescent-shaped welts in his skin.
"Yes, Mummy," I respond, fidgeting with the, supposedly blue, fabric constricting my neck. "But what is blue like? Describe it to me," I demand, shifting to sit on my haunches.
I feel Carver's fist pounding into my stomach and the ache that accompanies it, and my breath hitches as I try desperately to wriggle out of Derek's grasp, but he holds me firmly. I feel his breath against my neck, and I can't help but shiver.
I let out a large breath, one almost too big for my own chest, but it helps, and I actually relax into the chair. My brother slips his hand away, placing it in his lap, but still tries to placate me with arbitrary, empty statements.
"Don't feed me lies, Mycroft. I've met 43 Johns in my entire life, none of which have even been remotely close to being my soulmate," I sneer, looking back to my brother's scrunched up face. Good; I'm glad I'm annoying him so.
The water scalded him. Rivulets rolled down his back, leaving irritated and raised skin in their wake. He scrubbed shampoo so viciously into his scalp that his hands began to cramp, lathered his body in so much bar soap that he feared he might tear off layers of precious skin. It was so ungodly hot and steam was billowing up in his eyes. When he began crying, he couldn’t tell at first with the mingling of water, heat, steam, and anguish. The crying felt so visceral, but he felt so empty at the same time. It felt as if his heart had been scooped out of his chest, as if there was some empty void that needed filling.
She snorts derisively. "I'll gladly give it to you. Don't want to see that Freak anyway," she replies, swiftly handing him the phone and practically hurtling herself down the steps, despite her heels. Greg stares after her for a moment before turning back to whence he came.
John looked at Sherlock as if he didn’t even know him anymore. “Right,” he said, eyes edging towards the ground. His voice sounded far away and foreign. “You’re right. Sorry.”
John said nothing, even as Sherlock ambled into the living room. He did, however, look up from his book.
My thoughts drift to colors again, to the crimson color that was explained to me during medical school when I asked what it looked like. To the olive color that Bill explained is the hue of my camo cargo pants. To the sandy tint of the sand of Afghanistan that Mum told me about before I left.
"Ah: let me see it!" she exclaims, reaching out and wrenching my hand towards her face. She inspects it for a moment, face slightly amused, yet...soft(?). "Oh, guess we won't be getting any grandchildren from you boys, huh?"
John’s expression was imploring, but not in the way Molly’s had been. Molly had been inquisitive, allowing Sherlock to go at his own pace. John was desperate, crazed in his manner of inquiry, almost as if demanding Sherlock to tell him.
Surprisingly, Gladstone remains asleep despite Mrs. Hudson's shout. Trying not to startle him, I place him by my feet and step over him softly as I get up; it's probably better for both of us that he doesn't wake up just yet.
Phantom light seeped through and illuminated the insides of his closed eyelids. Fabric shuffled against the linoleum kitchen tiles; cabinetry opened and closed, faucet turning on then off. There was a brief reprieve, a tense moment where Sherlock remained stiffly coiled on the sofa and no sound permeated the flat. Then, he felt movement at his back.
I feel the man's eyes on me again as I look back up, him scrutinizing my cane and leg. A thoughtful hum falls from his lips as he goes back to his notepad and writes something down.
I won't glance at the colored label, but I still can't help but recall a time when I was fascinated with the very prospect of soulmates.
“I was starting to worry,” John half-laughed, smile going slanted. Sherlock couldn’t detect if it was genuine or joking. “Come and sit down.” He patted the space next to him gently, as if in invitation. “We can watch whatever you want. I know you like that Jeremy Kyle Show.” He scoffed as if he didn’t quite understand the fascination but the prospect of watching said show was bearable if it was in the name of Sherlock’s amusement. “Whatever you want,” he said again with that crooked smile still present.
The detective and soldier are sitting on the end of his bed, both of their body's impossibly close, shoulders brushing with every breath. They look almost as if they're relishing in the feel of the closeness, inhaling the other's air.
"Well...," I hesitate, wondering if I should speak truthfully or not. But I remember how Mrs. Hudson has always been there for me, and I decide she is worthy of knowing the whole, absolute truth. I sigh longly, continuing,"Lestrade isn't letting me in on cases, currently."
He staggered from the bed, wrenching open the curtains. The window was caked and blurred with an amalgamation of humid summer air and rain water. The road was flooded already, but the rain didn't seem like it was going to let up any time soon.
"Wait, where are you going?" I ask, disappointed as he barely gives me a second glance. "I don't have your address or name, yet." The man seems to catch himself as he turns back around and gives me a falsely apologetic smile.
John entered the living room with two mugs of tea and a bottle tucked under his arm. He seemed to notice something remiss about Sherlock’s countenance. However hard he tried to hide his unease, his guilt, his shame, John seemed to peer through it. “Something wrong?” he said.
“Quite,” said Sherlock, smile tremulous. As often as John liked to joke and posture that Sherlock was insensitive and unfeeling, he very carefully chose his words. He didn’t wish to disturb
"So you believe yourself to be the cause of your father's death?" Her fingers tap against the notebook, and I wonder offhandedly when she got her fingernails painted.
Sherlock followed Andre through the narrow alleyway behind the supermarket. There, tucked behind a dumpster, was a door on which he knocked. After a moment, the lock clicked and Andre swung the door open.
Her words soothed the faint but still present fear that his parents were homophobic. Something in Sherlock, which had been stubbornly clinging to his shoulders, fell away. He settled beside his mother as she tipped the water pitched generously onto the freshly planted marigold flowers.
He watched as John bottle fed Rosie. It stirred self-loathing in his chest, but also kindled a refreshed wave of affection. John was the perfect image of paternal caution and generosity; he cradled Rosie closely, smoothed reverently over her blonde hair with one hand and tipped the bottle with the other. Rosie seemed to be shrouded in a halo of light. She made attempts at grabbing the bottle, but eventually settled for curling her fist in the front of John’s jumper. Sherlock couldn’t help being simultaneously endeared and humbled.
Sherlock didn’t shoot up again that night. The conversation with John had burdened him with a renewed layer of guilt. It clung to him like a second skin, forced him to settle on the couch cushions and attempt to sleep restlessly. The stash called to him still, desire skirting along his skin and slithering through his veins. He patently remained on the couch, determined to sleep, to be stronger than his urges.
Suddenly, I remember the canine is behind me; I can't just leave and expect him not to ruin anything. And somehow, I've gotten so caught up in items that I've forgotten to even give him a name.
"I...I...," I stutter, and it probably seems weird to her, maybe even troubling, that I'm acting so meek, stuttering so nervously. I take in a shaky breath, exhale, inhale again. In, out, in, out,"
The cab ride home was excruciating. John said nothing of his experience in the well, and Sherlock didn’t dare ask about it. The cabbie looked at Sherlock in the mirror occasionally, seeming like he didn’t know why these two blokes were taking a cab together to begin with. It was as close to a slap in the face as a look could be. It seemed to say,
Sherlock feels the overpowering, primal urge to pull John's lips onto his. He resists. "The moment seemed to warrant it," he shrugs, and his whatever-he-is descends into a fit of giggles that seemingly affects the chemical balance of his brain and contents of his stomach.
“For being a huge arsehole,” he said, smiling tightly, a rigid laugh escaping him. Her expression seemed to sadden, which made his smile, already tense and hesitant, fall away. “For not treating you the way you deserve; what I asked of you on the phone…I knew how painful that was for you.” A sigh wrenched itself from his throat. “I
Sherlock set off down the hallway with his hand trailing along the banister, ready to pound on his brother’s door before realizing that Mycroft was no longer home. Memories of their long talks of soulmates slipped under his skin like broken shards of glass, and, shaking himself as if he could dislodge the shards, he set off instead towards the garden.
“You grew on me way too quickly. It should have been disconcerting, but I was having way too much fun to notice.” A calm, contented laugh. “We would go out on cases all day, then order takeaway; and you would do your crazy experiments while I read the paper and watched crap telly. It was invigorating, and silly, and so…unrealistic.”
"Mornin', Capn'," he murmurs into the pillow. As he tries to push himself up, he licks his lips and squints at the clock on his beside table.
And I’m back...finally! Sorry, I had a bad case of the flu and then coming back to school I was in a bit of a slump. But I have returned!
Sherlock wanted to cry again, but refrained. No part of him wanted to see John at the moment, for fear that John's expression would betray the seeming easiness of his words. Images of John’s potential expression ran rampant through his head: lips curled in a sneer, brow narrowed with distaste, eyes squinted with scrutiny. He feared that John had reached his tether, that this event would finally set him off.
"And if you must know, I was the one that forced Sherlock to come," he says, giving a little shrug as an afterthought. "Thought he could use some help."
When he reinjected, supernovas collapsed and constellations exploded. Everything was right with the world.
I smirk with a certain finality. "Deal," I conceed, and he smiles faintly. His smile morphs into a grin as I slyly slide a pint of lager in front of him.
I remember when I'd asked her how I looked when I was young. She seemed contemplative for a moment before telling me about my curly, raven hair, my pale skin, my blue eyes. She had emphasized my eyes very much in the description, saying they were the most interesting thing about my face. How they changed in every lighting: sometimes green, others blue, then teal, maybe gray, often a blend of exotic hues she couldn't call just one specific color.
“Okay,” Sherlock always said, hiding the dejectedness behind his popped collar. John never looked anyway, or at least not long enough to catch the lonely, desperate look. Not enough to see the
"How do you know anything was different?" I know my voice probably sounds incredulous, but that's only because I am. The only people who know anything are me, Ma, and the hospital.
Sherlock couldn’t hope to sleep the remainder of the night. John’s words and touch still lingered like a permanent brand, as if they had been seared into his soul. Hopes and wanting flared in his chest, fanned by the dawning possibility that, perhaps, John didn’t hate him. Perhaps he wasn’t actually such a bad influence on his best friend after all.
"He might just be my soulmate, Skully," I whisper, and I, myself, haven't even come to terms with that little tidbit of information yet. I hadn't meant to freeze at his first name, but I did, and I know just how far too expressive my face can be when unchecked.
Over the course of the next 10 minutes, the soldier finally falls into step, almost perfectly in sync with the detective. They wheel around the Baker Street living room, and Mycroft looks on with some sort of happiness. Just because he has said caring is not an advantage, it doesn't mean he isn't prone to moments of tenderness as every other human being undoubtedly is.
“There is something called fate, y’know,” Victor smiled, tossing another pebble into the water below. “If it’s meant to be, it’ll be.”
. How had he forgotten? He and John had agreed to go to Angelo’s and catch up over lunch. Instead, it was now five in the afternoon, or somewhere thereabouts, and he had been in a drug den with cocaine and heroin in his system. Suddenly, Sherlock’s life seemed to be contaminated by failure. After all, all he seemed to be good for was making everything worse. Perhaps this lunch could have been a new chapter in his and John’s relationship, something to let some of the tension bleed out.
“No, why do you ask?” The question seemed to be answered in the course of its formulation, because rather than wait until Sherlock responded, Victor said, “Wait, did you get yours? That’s amazing! What does it say? When did you find out?”
"Uh...I have the autopsy here...for you...," she mumbles, glancing to the burn along the purlicue of Sherlock's left hand.
I suddenly wonder what it'd be like if I always had a red thread wrapped around my hand that stretched to wrap around my pinky, which was connected to John's. I find that it's difficult to imagine the whole situation: I don't know what red looks like, I don't know what John looks like, and it seems unlikely you could ever be born with a thread around your finger.
"How do you feel about the violin? Will barking bother you?" he says, not even looking up from my phone as he continues to type away. He swivels around suddenly and throws me the phone, which I barely see in time. "There's bound to be a bit of it."
It had been a time since the derisive looks of the sober had been directed at him. Then again, he supposed he would always face this problem, of being isolated from the sober.
Hmmm, it's curious, the predicament I'm in, looking up soulmates on my laptop when the last time I've done that was when I was 7. I just can't seem to get John out of my head, now that his name is branded on my wrist in this peculiar "blue" color. I was tempted to give up this whole soulmate nonsense before, after I thought I was never going to get one, but now that I've found that I, indeed, have one, I can't get my Mind Palace in order. It's rather frustrating.
Sherlock watched the ripple-effect as he thought how best to phrase it. After a moment of hesitation, he simply came out with it. “Have you gotten your soul-marking yet?”
Once back upstairs in the safety of the bathroom, Sherlock tore the parcel open to find the inside neatly organized. A set of Stericups were stacked alongside a sealed baggie of clean syringes. Alcohol swabs, filters, a proper tourniquet, a new lighter, citric acid packets, and bottled water for injection lay tightly packed together. Resting delicately on top was the elegant scrawl of Mycroft’s handwriting on a note card.
Smack and speed and coke had been the only thing that made him feel okay. To have that security ripped away, and to have to share that feeling of devastation at some silly meeting, with a striking inarticulacy reminiscent of a newborn, among stupid people he loathed, was absolutely
The color seemed to drain from John’s face. His brow furrowed, eyes crinkled around the edges. “Nobody should do that to anybody else,” he said finitely, steel edging into his voice. He seemed wildly convicted of the position he had voiced. “You
He knew what it was like to love someone who could never love you back; to awaken in the early hours of the morning, stiff and aching with desire for the press of someone’s lips; to want to fill yourself up with someone else, if only to forget for a moment; for your love to be so strong, so pure, that it fills some void in you, makes you better but also embitters you to the unattainable source of your affections. He knew now how his indifference must have pained Molly, how he must have hurt her deeply over the years. It didn’t matter that it was unintentional—heartache was heartache regardless of its circumstance.
John’s posture grew rigid, jaw tightening. The familiarity that had been present seconds ago fell away, and Sherlock felt even less secure than he already had moments ago. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to say to you, for a long while actually.”
He wasn’t quite sure how long he lay there. There were no windows in the bathroom to indicate the time of day. The only reason he realized how much time had passed was because he felt the withdrawal coming on.
The cocaine high was beginning to wear off—the second had lasted even less time than the first. Fuck, the come-down was one thing he never missed, except it almost always led to the exhilaration and exaltation only smack could provide.
Hastily grabbing my mobile from the coffee table, I stuff it into my pocket before wrenching open the door and calling back,"I'll be back soon...mutt," and taking the stairs two at a time.
His counterpart makes a thoughtful hum in his throat. "Simply fit the puzzle pieces together." He shuffles, smoothing his suit down in a way that reminds Sherlock of the expression 'ruffled feathers'. "Obvious mutual attraction. You notice the signs in everyone else."
“How’ve you been?” said John, stiffly, without much warmth or any intimation at caring to hear a proper answer.
Twisting the door handle, phone cradled in his left arm, he calls into the room,"Oi, Sherlock? Got a call from your brother."
He opened the door with as much calm as he could muster only to be greeted by Mycroft. His pinhole thin pupils focused dazedly.
.” John raised the back of his hand to his mouth, resting his chin on his knuckles. His hands were clenched into such tight fists that the skin was rendered white and pallid. “I was angry at myself most of all. I was...I blamed you for...
I scowl at my own train of thought, disgusted at myself for even suggesting appearing so vulnerable in front of my brother; he's a bastard.
“Take me to Loretta’s supermarket,” said Sherlock, pressing himself against the window pane of the back seat.
Abruptly, the fear looks subdued and he slowly brings his eyes back to the petri dish before heaving out a heavy sigh. His face screams calm, collected, but it seems...forced somehow as his eyebrows knit together and I discern a tremor in his hand.
A hand pressed against his forehead. “You’re burning up still,” said John, brow furrowing. He reached around and grabbed the bowl of what looked to be chicken noodle soup from the table, brandishing it for Sherlock to take. “I’d suggest getting some food in you.”
But alas, staying in the bathroom would only rouse John’s suspicion. If he didn’t turn up sooner or later, John would find him regardless. So, after staring at the doorknob as if perhaps it held some greater importance, and biting against his already bitten down fingernails, he eventually opened the door.
Before Sherlock could seethe at Mycroft’s invasion of his privacy, or for scaring him half to death—which was a very uncommon thing indeed—his brother proffered a little book. It had a latch that buttoned on the front and was leather bound and small, able to fit in an inner coat pocket or convenient place. The spine was becoming torn and flimsy while the pages were evidently yellowing from age. There, along the spine, it had John Watson’s signature inscripted, carved into the leather. Sherlock stared down at it in awed silence.
Like how he made us a candle lit dinner but missed my mouth directly over the flames. Needless to say, he singed quite a bit of our hair.
"That's unfortunate," she concedes, tapping the pen against her book. "Would you be willing to meet new people?"
One time we both had been on the same case for three days straight, so he took us on a date to compensate, I suppose. But then I fell asleep and was woken up by Sherlock practically pulling the breath out of my mouth with his tongue. I couldn't breathe properly for a full five minutes. Luckily he paid the check.
I'm suddenly cradling the phone beside my ear to hear her. She's been crying. My throat tightens, pin-hole thin.
There the pliers are, deep in my shoulder, nipping at my skin, and then, oh, the warmth I feel when a shard is removed.
She didn’t mind babysitting at all—she actually seemed to thrive off it. Whenever Sherlock saw her caring for Rosie, she seemed to have this otherworldly aura. She practically glowed, as one would in motherhood. Perhaps that was it, thought Sherlock; Mrs. Hudson had never had children of her own. The mantle of guardianship which John had passed onto her was probably equal parts exhausting as it was fulfilling.
Sorry I took so long to post this thing. My life has been very hectic recently, going on vacation, then just getting my license and preparing to start school. I have a lot of ideas for this story and one main endgame, but I was very wishywashy about what should happen next. Let me know what you guys think of this chapter.
Deciding she can't take the insufferable silence any longer, she swings the door open, and there's the petite doctor, practically straddling the Freak's lap, his small hands wound in his curls. The psychopath looks hot and bothered, his gangly arms wrapped around his lapdog's waist.
She just stares at me for a moment before saying,"But he could've stopped at any moment, or not have driven while being drunk, or asked for help. There are many variables and factors to situations like this."
“No,” he mumbled, shaking his head. He still couldn’t exactly pinpoint why it had seemed imperative he come here. “I...I wanted to see you.” He surprised himself with his own honesty. “And to apologize.”
Greg shakes his head slightly, sighing as he reaches for the device. "Here; I'll give it to him. I don't need you riling him up. He's already wound up enough as it is." He really needs to get Donovan and Anderson to take some sensitivity lessons, at least, because this whole 'Freak' thing is getting out of hand.
Sherlock bristled, mind buzzing now with impatience and vexation. “As much as I’d love to chat about your assumptions, I’m rather trying to shoot up at the moment. Is Klaas around?”
"I'm coming, Ma. I'll be there as soon as possible..." I hear a sniffle carried across the line, another, and then a cough. I'm aware of her new tears.
I weeze a little, tamping down my jittery leg, gripping the chair just a little too tightly. The fabric is scratchy against my palms. My sickly hands stick to it.
, but that a catalyst was needed to decrease the activation energy of such an event. Literally, everything around him was already in color, just unobservable by his own eyes. He was so close yet so far. There was nothing about the whole ordeal that didn’t unleash primal fury inside his chest.
She laughed in that quick, breathless way one does when someone has said something rather unexpected. “I would never,” she smiled.
Because I should be proud. Because William, where ever he is, whoever he is, is beautiful, and I should be proud of him.
"I'd like to see my new bedroom, now, if you don't mind," I murmur. She seems reluctant to say or do anything, but she nods eventually, ambling back to the kettle.
Sherlock started frantically grappling onto the bathroom vanity and looked himself over in the mirror. Track marks and scabs encircled his arms, which he yanked his sleeves over. The Stericup clattered as he practically threw the damn thing into the vanity cabinet, then shoved the filter and syringe baggie which he had thrown into the waste bin down further into the can, in hopes that John wouldn’t see it.
"Thanks, Mrs. Hudson. I'll be sure to get him to thank you," he replies, grinning as he nods at her before ascending the stairs.
Even the way he said her name was undeserving of her greatness. He couldn’t seem to infuse his words with everything he meant to; couldn’t phrase the sorrow, express the regret, show the sincerity. He spoke as if nothing in their relationship was remiss, as if there wasn’t an elephant in the room.
Sherlock stayed with that feeling for several minutes. His reality was a cold, shoddy bathroom cubicle, with dim lighting, cracked porcelain, and dirty tiles; his reality was an unsterile needle and trickling blood, dilated pupils and constricted blood vessels; his reality was John and Rosie, alone in the flat.
"Hey," I snap, pulling the item away before Gladstone can tear it. He stares innocently up at me, but I'm not fooled as I slowly look at the present, glancing at him from the corner of my eye.
Another time we had been chasing a criminal downtown, and seeing as I'm not as young as I used to be, I was very out of breath once the police had finally intercepted him. The git thought it good to snog me when I could barely inhale, not to mention his mouth was covered by his scarf, so I received a full mouth of fabric.
However, John was quickly becoming the center of his thoughts, and even Sherlock couldn’t hope to stop it.
that I would never hurt anyone.” Self-loathing seemed to tighten around his neck like a noose; he pulled at the collar of his jumper as if attempting to free himself. “I decided to take anger management classes. I’ve been going to them for a few weeks now. I’ve also been seeing a new therapist.”
He sheathed his arms in his overcoat, hastily slipped into his slippers, and dove for his reserve of cash hidden in a loose piece of the fireplace mantle. He made sure to tread lightly as to not wake John or Rosie from their slumber. For good measure, he left a note on the kitchen counter saying that Lestrade had needed him to swing by for a case. That was believable, Sherlock thought, although he couldn’t help looking anxiously upstairs and straining to hear any noise.
I scoff before I can rein in my emotions. "This mutt?" I snort, bringing the bow of my violin sharply over its strings(causing my 'visitors' to flinch). "He'll be more of a nuisance then a companion; he'll trample my papers, knock over my experiments! I am
Sherlock buried himself under a bundle of covers which had been resting on the top of the sofa. His nose was running and his stomach felt knotty. It was agony to sit still, so he repeatedly tossed and turned, trying and failing to find a comfortable position.
"Frankly, I never thought I'd be someone's best man, especially not Mycroft's. We barely get along the few times we're together. We fight, he's intrusive, apparently I'm a child; I wouldn't even consider us remotely friends." The audience is looking at me oddly, and I glance to "the newlywed husbands" to see my brother's scrunched up face, scolding me quietly.
I read over the cursive script again, smiling slightly as I finally fold up the paper and lift the tray of biscuits off the table beside my bed. I peel the plastic wrap away, breathing in deeply as I pinch one and wave it in front of my nose. It smells delicious, just as Mum's biscuits always do, but I still wish I had a color to go with the smell.
. I've already been ridiculed and bullied most of my school life for saying I liked boys more than girls. But I wasn't saying it like
He looks almost pleasantly surprised, and the kernel of warmth blooms a little again. I feel glad that my praise can make someone smile like that.
"Of course, dear," she comfirms, and her hands are back on my face as she kisses my temple. "All I ask is that you don't let them get to you. Be proud of who you are because you are a beautiful person. Your soulmate is a beautiful person, too. Always remember that, John."
"I, ha," he trails off,"wanted to...look, I'm bloody awful at this stuff." He smiles. "I imagine you're probably just as bad, if not worse." Another sigh, a cock of the detective's head, then a low breath as John rises and heads into the kitchen; to make tea, Sherlock realizes.
Despite my best efforts to try and ward off my curiosity, I find myself desperately wanting to pull up my sleeve and examine my name.
Mycroft smirked, much more himself now that the most worrying of Sherlock’s behavior had passed. “I beg to differ,” he said, crossing his legs and gesturing to Sherlock’s prone form: he looked like a bedridden child with a mother who had waited on him hand-and-foot.
Then John leans in with a determined surge and presses their lips together. Sherlock thanks the deity he previously never acknowledged that John has a plethora of experience in this particular area. Otherwise this whole affair would be quite messy and uncomfortable(but still utterly, inexplicably, undeniably perfect.)
He lasted less than two hours. Before long, his curiosity had taken hold of his legs, carrying him to his father’s tiny library downstairs. Fueled by childish wonder and an almost desperate sense of longing for something which he had no name, he unearthed every book he could find about soulmates. He researched how the death of one’s soulmate would wipe away the scrawl on their wrist and leech the color from their life, in a literal sense. How most soulmates fell into severe depression upon their counterpart’s death.
!" I exclaim, pushing off of my chair, laptop cradled in my arms. The canine shifts in his position at my feet, tilting his head to look curiously up at my grinning face. "That's going to be your name!" I've taken 'Blackbeard' into consideration, but it reminds me too much of Redbeard, and I don't want that.
I wince, glimpsing the writing on my wrist. The name's clear in the sunlight, but my eyes dart away quickly. I clasp my hands together in my lap.
"I had another nightmare yesterday." I push my gaze, force it to stay on Ella. It's uncomfortable to look at her.
Mrs. Hudson strides over to where I'm sitting, placing one mug of tea gently beside my right hand. The steam wafts up from the cup, ghosting over my face as I smile at her. People have told me I have two kinds of smiles: ones that meet my eyes, and others that almost do. This is one of the real ones, where my eyes crinkle at the corners.
“Would you like to go to the lake?” Sherlock suggested. The words felt foreign on his tongue, for it wasn’t often that he invited Victor on such ventures. It was usually the other, more outspoken boy who had always asked him over for cucumber sandwiches or to watch telly or play pirates outside. “I have something I’d like to talk about, if you’d please?”
"Sorry?" he coughs, almost choking on his tea. He's quiet for a moment before asking, incredulous,"You want me to dance with you?" Ah; Dr. Watson does have such a propensity for repeating things. "Do you even hear yourself?" He hears the rustle of John's morning newspaper as he folds it into thirds, like he always does.
The sergeant walks silently down the hallway, hearing the faint rustling of clothing and an obscene set of curses, followed by a deep chuckle. Then, there's nothing but a heavy breath, and she can't hear anything after that, even with her ear pressed into the white wood of the door.
They seemed to be avoiding the glaringly obvious fact that John hadn’t been on a case in a very long time. “You aren’t
, he's going to make my life worse than it already is. His name alone has already gotten me beaten up by Derek and Carver, so I can only imagine what'll happen when I finally meet him.
"Another appointment tomorrow?" her voice chimes. My head turns back to her inquisitive expression, my hand resting on the doorknob.
, Mrs. Hudson," I compliment, and although it's a bit of a hyperbole, I do think the flat and the biscuits are both fairly decent; just maybe not grand.
It was most likely early afternoon, or somewhere thereabouts, and he was quickly growing impatient with the complete lack of stimuli. The light acted merely as a safe little distraction, something fascinating to watch but clearly simple in nature when thought about more than just fleetingly.
“You could tell him about your mark? Or perhaps Eurus might be interested?” His mother returned to planting new sets of marigolds, seemingly exhausted with answering Sherlock’s inane questions. “Go on now, before it gets dark.”
I suppose most of my thoughts always end up back on the subject of color, but I just can't get it out of my head.
I really love to explore Mycroft and Sherlock’s relationship, especially in a scenario like this. Their banter is always fun to write.
Instead of hating William, I find myself fascinated with him, albeit I've never even seen him. I wonder what I'll first see that's this 'aubergine' color, and what he'll look like, what he'll sound like, how he'll act, if he'll like me. I'm sort of infautuated with him, I suppose.
I remain silent a moment, scouring her living room as I clear my throat to continue,"Were you still happy, I mean, before the whole...
"You're welcome. I'll be downstairs if you ever need me." She continues to smile, closing the door gently before turning on her heel and starting for the exit.
"Yeah, okay," I confirm, nodding faintly, and she slowly goes behind her desk. All I receive is a half-hearted wave and a nod before she says,"Have a nice day, John."
He still had dealers he could contact—even despite that after every relapse, Mycroft tried to goad him into severing contact with enablers of his “disease.” His homeless network ran deep, and much of the drugs he had scored back at his worst were from them. He had enough money saved up somewhere, he thought, enough to score just a few grams of coke and a few syringes.
The sound is soft, carries across the floor and up the stairs and breaches a barrier so familiarly fitted that Sherlock can't breathe. He feels the need to respond, even if it's something scathing, but his throat is incredibly dry.
It was preposterous that so much could lay in a single unspoken gaze from a complete stranger. Surely Sherlock was in simple shock.
Mycroft rolled his eyes but had a somewhat fond look. Then, he walked down the stairwell and left Sherlock to withdraw alone.
They smile slightly at the nickname, and although it may sound a bit harsh, they've been around me long enough to know it's just part of the way I show affection.
"Mrs. Hudson?" I call, knocking rythmically against her door. I hear the almost nonexistent tap of her feet, growing louder as she finally unlocks and opens the door.
The hand shifted to his forehead. “You might have a bit of a fever.” There was a terse pause, followed by a drawn-out sigh. “Why do you never take care of yourself? If you don’t be careful, you’ll kill yourself one day.”
"Yeah...the day before yesterday. He...," I trail off with bated breath, facing the door. "He got into a car accident because...he was
You know, that really makes me sound like a dick. He's not a bad kisser, per se. More like he seems to have an...I was going to put it lightly, but he has an awful kissing filter for when and where it makes sense to kiss and when and where it doesn't.
Suddenly, I hear a noise, soft and faint, somewhere far off but right beside both my ears. It sounds sort of like a wind chime blowing gently in the afternoon breeze, like the one we have outside our house. At first, I want the noise as far away from my thoughts as possible, but it's difficult to delete a noise so close to your ears and so pertinent to your life.
Hey, long time no see. So I know I haven’t posted in like a month, but I really just haven’t had time to write at all these past several weeks. I’m definitely still gonna finish this story, and I’ve got a lot of ideas for it which I just gotta build up to. School and work and college applications have just got in the way. I’ll try to begin updating somewhat regularly again!
Turning the knosel of the showerhead, I shimmy out of my tank top and drop it carelessly onto the tiled floor; not like anyone else is awake yet. Won't matter much if I make a mess. Steam billows up from the tight stall as I quickly yank my boxers off and fling them away. Next, I toe my socks off, then splay my hand under the spraying water, feeling the heat.
It was a solitary existence. He felt like a lighthouse perched on a craggy hill, or an island nestled in some far corner of the world. It felt as if he was submerged in water, like everything was far away and unattainable.
It was just like Mycroft, the omnipresent bastard he was, to know Sherlock’s exact whereabouts to such a fine degree as to guarantee perfect synchronization of both his and Anthea’s arrival. “Perfect timing,” grumbled Sherlock offhandedly, to which Anthea cracked a knowing smile. “He’s always been overbearing, but I thought he might take a holiday by this point in his life.”
“Here,” said John several minutes later, returning with two mugs ensconced in his hands. The sight made something loosen in Sherlock’s stomach. Tea, over the past few weeks, had become an olive branch of sorts.
I smile. "I've gotten used to it," I say simply, and he accepts what I'm saying, then, he's walking to the showers.
When he opened the door, he was surprised to find that John looked nothing like what he had imagined. Instead, his brow was actually softened with concern. Sherlock’s favorite pair of pajamas was tucked in the crook of John’s elbow, along with a blanket Sherlock recognized as John’s most favorite.
He and John didn’t speak; Lestrade asked about Sherlock on cases, but was met with lies and falsehoods; Mycroft continued breathing down Sherlock’s neck, as was his wont, and his only way to express his caring; Mrs. Hudson padded around the flat, attempting to shoo him out like you would a bat with a broom, but Sherlock clung to Baker Street—his one true safe haven—with incredible tenacity and irritating stubbornness.
I don't respond for a moment, too caught up in my anger and the commotion and all the mixed emotions I'm feeling right now. Yet my mother seems to understand, anyway, and she stares at me knowingly.
It was as if the writing on his wrist was a physically painful manifestation. Something seemed to snarl beneath the soft flesh under his wrist, just below the skin’s surface. He scratched fitfully at the writing as if it caused him physical discomfort. On occasion, when the itch became almost as unbearable as that of a mosquito bite, he couldn’t help but discreetly yet forcefully pricking his wrist with a pencil.
"Mummy?" I call, canting my head left and right, scouring our backyard garden. Then, I spot her by a bunch of marigolds, and I start towards her kneeled position as she beckons me over with a wave of her hand. I've never understood her like for gardening as a suitable past time: seems rather dull, to me.
"Step away with your left, John! Otherwise, you will continue to crush my toes," Sherlock admonishes, stopping his movements to glower at his counterpart. John mutters another 'sorry', and Mycroft is positive that John has apologized 53 times.
It took Sherlock several moments to gather enough energy to speak. “Take...the book,” he wheezed. The fingers in his matted fringe never ceased, but the touch grew less intense. Sherlock was shaking worse now then he had before, but he pushed the book across the floor steadfastly towards Mycroft’s pristine shoes regardless. “I...I can’t.”
He lay for a long time with his eyes closed. John had retired to bed hours ago, yet Sherlock still lay awake, haunted by the demons of his past, the reality of his present, and the uncertainty of his future. He counted his breaths—in, out, in, out—focusing on the rise and fall of his chest. The clock ticked indefinitely from above the doorway. Goosebumps raised along his arms, uncovered and folded against his chest. His heels dug into the deflated cushions, toes tucked in the space between the cushion and the arm of the sofa. Guilt and wanting mingled in his blood—boiled beneath his skin. An almost imperceptible tremor laced his body and a cold sweat broke out on his brow; he felt the beading droplets of perspiration, darted out his tongue to taste the briny flavor.
Sherlock has taken up bartending, and he has an unexpected visit from Lestrade. They have a private chat late at night over alcohol and washing dishes, but Greg is aggravated that Sherlock hasn't been telling him something very important.
It's no secret that Mycroft enjoys, possibly a little too much, the way he irritates his brother. Mostly, he actually is worried about what Sherlock does, and his brother merely acts overdramatically, but on the occasion that he does find an opportunity to annoy, he doesn't pass it up.
I slide my phone closed with a click, and for some reason the sound sets me off. I hurl the BlackBerry across the room, and Gladstone almost seems scolding while Skully just looks amused in my mind.
His archenemy's voice sounds measured. "Is it so farfetched to believe that you are attracted to John Watson?" Sherlock's toes curl uncomfortably against the chair cushion as he idly fluffs John's Union Jack pillow.
Post-John Sherlock, the one in the here and now, felt so incredibly small and faraway. He feared saying anything more. He would rather avoid the altercation from yesterday than ever broach the subject again.
of his soulmate’s. If only he could deduce someone without knowing them, or do something equally as brilliant.
They had been so close that people often assumed they were a couple. They worked in a steady push-pull fashion, give and take. John would push Sherlock to talk about his feelings, and when he received snarls and disdain, he would pull back. Sherlock would deduce something about John which was particularly raw and painful, to which he would hastily backtrack.
For good measure, he upended the syringe and flicked the barrel gently, then tapped raptly at his arm in order to coax his veins into view; the old track marks were a fine enough indication, but he was too impatient to be able to deal with a missed vein at the moment. He pumped his left arm up and down, clenching and unclenching his fist in an even greater attempt at enticing the veins into view. Needle positioned, poised just above the most prominent vein, Sherlock bit his lip in equal parts anticipation and dread. With practiced precision, he aimed the needle and pricked it gently into the exposed vein. Globules of blood curled inside the barrel and, without further ado, Sherlock pressed down the plunger.
Although Sherlock still felt infinitesimally small, like a loser, like one of those doped up druggies in the den which had giggled coyly and operated without a care in the world, he nodded. He said nothing more.
“For yesterday,” John clarified, clearing his throat. “I got frustrated with you, and that was unfair of me. I was worried and you were being...you.” He waved his hand in the air in an all-encompassing gesture, as if the meaning of his words was clearly evident. “Sulky and standoffish. God, you were actually
I count to five, and then my eyes are blown wide, adjusting to the change of light. My eyes are unfocused at first, but I can see that the writing is a deep shade of gray, contrasting immensely against my almost-white skin. Then, my vision focuses, and I see it, the name, branded on my skin in spidery print...
Sherlock ignored how John’s visit seemed to be borne only from necessity rather than desire; how John had only turned to Sherlock’s company as a last resort; how when Rosie seemed to toddle, John didn’t trust him to watch her; how nothing seemed to be the same; how his best friend had managed to slip through his fingers like water; how whenever he thought of their relationship in the past, the present one seemed like some miserable approximation in comparison—some parody of it, taunting, jeering.
"You're keeping the 'mutt', as you call him, and that's final," he says calmly, gesticulating at the dog. I narrow my eyes, raking my gaze over the cage before studying Lestrade's face, wrinkled in anger; he doesn't understand.
With his overcoat already shed from his shoulders and shirt cuff already rolled above his forearm, he extended his arm flat on the vanity, positioning the syringe directly above the inner elbow. He watched blood seep into the syringe barrel and, without further deliberation, pushed down the plunger.
I don't thank her because she already knows I'm grateful. I don't even ask if I can leave for my new bedroom; she just nods slowly at me, taking her own mug as she walks into the living room, then ventures down the stairs. I hear the soft click of her apartment door as I rise from my chair, starting to my soon-to-be room.
There was something hauntingly familiar and vaguely disquieting about the faint flickering of the cubicle, the blurred lights that illuminated the tiles only slightly. He remembered in the early days of sobriety, wandering into the bathroom and forgetting why he’d come—
"I'll be at the Tesco's, boys!" Mrs. Hudson shouts, pushing open her door before shutting it promptly. She receives no response, but isn't deterred as she merely shrugs and goes to open 221's front door.
I'm grateful for his silence, but I'm not so grateful for my lack of supplies. "I'll need to go out; ah, dull!" I quickly ascend and go to grab my coat, the dog trailing behind. "I need bowls, food, a collar, a leash, possibly a bed..."
"No, sadly, I won't see the last of you until you're dead," I sigh, mocking dismay as I splay my hand over my chest. "Such a tragic, depressing life I will live without your presence."
? Bumps in the road? There'll be a lot of those, I'm sure; I've become so accustomed to military life that I almost feel like I...thrive in dangerous situations.
I let my thumb run over the teared top corner of the Polaroid photo, reading the writing scrawled on the bottom corner.
Finally, I look to the figure against the countertop, leaning over a microscope, and the first thing my brain supplies is
"Why?" she sneers, chancing a glance at the 'dynamic duo'. The Freak has a sour look on his face from the glass of punch held in his hand, and the doctor chuckles warmly at him. She frowns again; this isn't, can't be right. Their relationship can't be like this: he's supposed to be a psychopath.
A faint noise disrupted his idle observation. Unmistakable, he thought, so clearly unmistakable. It was a soft noise, akin to wind chimes catching a gentle breeze in the autumnal sky. It was so gentle that he could have pretended it was a simple conjuration of his imagination. He could’ve forgotten the moment, tucked it into a corner of one of the lesser used rooms in his Mind Palace, completely wiped it from memory. He could’ve lived life without the knowledge that the brief moment ever passed—after all, no one else had heard or would ever hear the sound as he had.
"Harry took it a while back, said she'd return it in a bit. Why: what is it, dear?" she responds, gripping my shoulders with her slender fingers. I can feel her rings digging into my skin uncomfortably, and I grip her hands to tug them off.
Sherlock grew restless. He paced around the carpet, worried at the fabric of his pajamas, peaked through the curtains, scrubbed a hand through the hair at the nape of his neck. He looked over pieces of papers strewn on the desk, fiddled clumsily with a pen, glanced at himself in the mirror; did anything and everything he could to ignore the knowledge of the drugs nestled beneath the floor, dangerously within Rosie’s reach and John’s scrutiny.
He smirks, which is utterly unacceptable in Sherlock's flat, especially since the British Government has already tainted the sanctity of his blogger's chair. "And you aren't wise enough to accept the advice of a man who cares for you and the chaos of the lifestyle you have chosen?" Another dainty, slow, painfully satisfied sip, yet Sherlock remains silent.
"You have to be more careful with this stuff!" She hears the faucet hastily being turned on, something underneath the pour of water.
"Yup," I confirm curtly, my lips emphasizing the 'p'. She shifts uncomfortably, and I feel uncomfortable too.
He laughs, a hysterical sound that confuses and frustrates Sherlock, because what is so bloody funny about his suffering. Soon the mirth softens into something that seems to him a lot like sadness. "You're an idiot. Of course I didn't dislike it."
? And then, I wonder about John. The color on your wrist is supposed to be the first color you see, so I can't help but wondering what the first blue thing I see will be.
Now it sounds resolved, and I rotate completely to see a man waving me down. Again, there is something familiar about him as he smiles, but I can't quite put my finger on it.
everything. He wasn’t like everyone else who needed to ask how someone was feeling, who needed to be told the lines in between; rather, he was someone who noticed. And right now, staring at John—his glassy eyes, furrowed brow, hands bunched in his jumper, anxiously biting his lip—he could
“Yeah,” said John, finally, to which Sherlock sagged with immense relief. “Yes,” he repeated, almost as if to solidify the promise to himself. “We’ll talk later.”
I lean forward off my bed, stretching my arms as I glance between Bill and the rest of the soldiers.
I startle from my chair, squinting at the light cascading through the window and shedding on my lap. Gladstone is still there, cuddled up against my chest, and I suddenly realize I fell asleep. I glance at my watch: 5:26 PM. I actually stayed asleep for almost 2 hours;
Completely on the gurney, I suddenly feel dizzy as they swiftly clamor to the Black Hawk a short distance away. I register the stomp of feet as I stiffly turn my head again to look at my fallen comrades one last time.
'. He actually looks relieved, and his almost always pinched face relaxes into something more natural. We sit for a moment, me still trying to catch my breath and him watching over me, before he breaks the silence.
“Oh,” she said happily, taking his wrist in her fingers. She pulled his arm closer to her, positioning it in the direct sunlight. She ran a reverent hand over the scrawl, face a mixture of amusement and something decidedly softer around the edges. “No grandchildren from either of you boys then? That’s fine of course.” Her smile was like sunlight. “It’s all fine.”
," I tisk, pulling on his arm, to which he levels me with an almost glare. "I would like to know a bit about you first, since you almost knew my whole life in a glance."
Before he lost his resolve, he flushed the syringe in the sink. The cocaine coursed through his veins, slithering along his arms. Sweat beaded on his brow, matted hair slicked to his forehead. He shook with the overwhelming rapture pulsing in his head. The syringe clattered into the sink basin as another intense bout of almost dizzying euphoria flashed through him.
Publically insulting my kissing skills? I apologize for my lack of knowledge in this area, 'Three Continents Watson'.
"Sherlock, calm down," Lestrade chimes, showing the palms of his hands in a sort of submissive honesty. "We just really think you could use some company, is all."
After a while, the combination of standing, withdrawal, and hot water caused him to fatigue, so he eventually sat against the shower wall. Water pelted his back as he sat on the floor of the shower, hugging his knees to his chest. His head was bowed between his legs as he closed his eyes against the steady stream of hot water, letting the tears fall in the quiet of the bathroom.
He looks incredulously at me for a moment before his face softens in an odd way. The tightness of his jaw disperses, and the expression on his face oddly reminds me of one Mrs. Hudson has given me before.
"What types of limbs are in the fridge?" Even when he tries to help, it sounds like prying, like he's a babysitter; it's familiar, though.
"...By the way you describe him," Lestrade starts, "maybe it'd be in my best interest that me and Mycroft don't actually meet..." His tone is joking as he smiles gently at me, taking another sip of his drink.
Sherlock shook himself as if he could dislodge the shards of memory, then rolled over, tucking his arms into his stomach. The duvet was draped over his emaciated form. He had given John his room so both he and Rosie could have their own beds. It was fine, Sherlock thought, sleeping on the sofa was an old friend. Before John, he had often occupied the couch rather than a bed, feeling some strange comfort in the fireplace mantle and the large bay window. His room had never been his own anyway. It was a place to sleep, but it wasn’t a home.
I promise there’s a reason behind John’s actions. Only somewhat logical to anyone but him. I know this chapter might seem like a lot more description than usual, but I’m trying to build up the tension for now.
Sherlock was just waiting for the other shoe to drop. The openness to John’s expression, the...warmth in his eyes; the curve of his smile and the fact that he was pressed into the couch, already taking care of and willing to continue taking care of him: it was all too good to be true. What made him deserving of any of this, especially after John had just been angry with him, when he had just thrown up on the sofa? Wasn’t John seething, just waiting to wrap his hands around Sherlock's throat and throttle him? None of it added up; none of it made
"At ease," I command, and they all assume the position, as do I. "All of you are required to take showers, so go get into a bathroom stall, you sleepy prats."
“If I’ve been short with you lately, it’s not something you’ve done wrong. I’m trying to deal with my demons, as they say.”
“Yes, dear?” she hummed as he bristled beside her, an unwilling participant in her name-calling game.
', go on." I wildly motion to the door again, much more annoyed with his actions than I overtly show; I can't have him thinking he's winning anything.
Splotches of gray nip at the edges of my closed eyes, licking at the darkness as if it's their sustenance. I have the awareness to register it, but I don't
I want to throw up and just not look, but it's so difficult to turn away, so I close my eyes. But then, the complete darkness of my vision swallows me, and I'm terrified. I don't want this to be the last thing I see; I hope there's an afterlife, not just for my sake, but for all of the other deceased soldiers sprawled along the battlefield.
“Alright,” said Klaas, handing over the items: three eight balls of coke and two one-gram baggies. 12.5 grams of cocaine—that should be enough for a few days worth of highs. The thought of amphetamine sulfate flashed briefly across his mind, as did the alluring image of heroin, but he tamped down his desire stubbornly. Only coke, thought Sherlock,
“I have to leave,” he said languidly, tightening the coat around himself. He was afraid, if left to come down from the cocaine high in the presence of smack, that his self control would ebb away. He
“I forgive you,” said Sherlock, seriously, without hesitation. He clenched and unclenched his hands in the fabric of his ratty pajamas, trying to find solace in something.
“Fine, that’s fine,” John would say, not even looking up from his newspaper, or Rosie’s baby food, or whatever trinket had captured his attention.
Don't be a git. I even wrote a disclaimer saying you aren't a bad kisser. I thoroughly enjoy your kisses, when they're well timed.
Sherlock staggered to his feet and set off towards Victor’s house, which was only about a hundred feet away from his own. The prospect of speaking with Eurus made his skin prickle uncomfortably. He obviously loved his sister, but something in her eyes was too calculating and unorthodox. Coming from him, that was even more unusual and frightening.
You really don't know your soulmate by a glance. It isn't like in fictional movies where the characters see each other for the first time, and then there are heated kisses and confessions of "I love you"' formed by their lips, like the films I saw as a mere child. It's more like, when you first talk to them, there's supposed to be a spark you've never felt before. Something pulling you to your counterpart. And then, no matter how small the increments, you see color for the first time. That's how you know they're
"It isn't merely "stuff", John; it's hydrocloric acid. I was trying to see whether human fingers or human toes corrode faster." She hears a heavy sigh, from John, she presumes.
When he was younger, he had been obsessed with his own self-image. The fact that he could never color coordinate outfits, nor even begin to identify the colors of his own features, always niggled at the back of his mind like an annoying itch unable to be scratched. He remembered on one occasion having his mother detail the raven of his hair, the alabaster of his skin, and the striking blue of his eyes. Her words and fascination hung on the indecision of his eyes, how they seemed to leap from blue to green to gray depending on the lighting.
"I don't w-want to be made fun of, M-mum!" I shout, and she looks taken aback. "They've always made fun of me! They call me gay, and they said I'll end up like Harry, with a soulmate of the same sex, and now they're right! I'm-I'm gay, just like they said: like they
“Okay,” Sherlock conceded, slowly, rattled and confused. His shaking hands came up to rest against his chest. “But really it’s—“
However, once John and Rosie had settled into Baker Street, there was something about it that Sherlock couldn’t quite place that bothered him still.
He never thought he’d have to resort to this again. Of course, hadn’t he said that after every relapse? This was just another in a long list of failures.
“Christ, I’ll make you some tea.” John moved to get up from his chair, but Sherlock took him by the arm before he could enter the kitchen. He turned back to Sherlock, face expectant. When silence lingered for a beat too long, he said, “Is everything alright? Has something happened?”
. I clench my fists in a vain attempt to calm myself, but my fingernails dig into my palms so forcefully they bleed.
The gentle fingers moved away after a moment; Sherlock almost verbally keened at the loss. Relief inundated him when the warm presence returned, this time to the small of his back. Hands kneaded his tense muscles, firmly enough to be tangible but not so roughly to alert him to their presence—if he hadn’t already been awake.
Experiencing the rapture of a heroin high made sober life gravely miserable. Once one has experienced the rush of smack in their veins, the overwhelming surge of pleasure—the feeling of being whole, safe, warm, happy—anything other than that feeling seems to never be enough. Life after heroin could never be the same as it had been before it. Even starting in the first place was something Sherlock regretted deeply, even when he had still been shooting up. Every time he succumbed to his urges, or couldn’t overcome withdrawal, or bought more smack, shame nipped at the edges of his mind. The only thing that made that shame abate and settle was the high. It was a vicious cycle: feel guilty for doing drugs, take drugs not to feel guilty, then go through withdrawal wanting drugs again.
Just because she cleans up a bit doesn't mean she's Sherlock's housekeeper, yet she finds herself making tea for both him and John for the third day in a row. She doesn't mind as much as she lets on, but it gets exhausting making three cups instead of her one.
Sorry it's been so long. I haven't had much time lately, and I'm sure I'm sick, but I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I would love any feedback or response.
It felt weak, and invasive, to look through the journal. Mycroft of course had no problem; if there was even a slight possibility that information gleaned about someone’s life could help in a particular situation, he would dredge up that information in a heartbeat. Sherlock, who liked to think he had stronger morals, felt itchy and squeamish at the prospect.
"What do you mean?" I find myself asking, looking at the stunned expression on the girl's face, left in Sherlock's wake. Mike makes a choked snort as I turn back around to face him.
Sherlock gasped theatrically. “Your generosity never ceases to amaze me.” He doled out £450, saying, “I’ll take three.” After careful deliberation, he said, “How much per gram?”
—when he had become so tentative in his relationship with John that he couldn’t predict the answer on his own.
"Coming," I call back, opening the door and starting down the staircase. I see Mrs. Hudson and wave dismissively for her to return to her flat, and she waves back in greeting before disappearing as I round the stairs. I stride to the entrance, opening it to the sight of Mycroft's...well, PA(?).
“No,” Sherlock said, searching for something in John’s eyes, but not knowing exactly what he was searching for—perhaps for what had changed John’s mind, what had urged him to make Sherlock tea for the first time since he’d moved back in. He relinquished John’s arm after a moment. “No, everything’s under control.” That was his mantra—if he thought it often enough, perhaps it would become the truth.
When had they been reduced to inane small talk? It seemed like nowadays all they did was dance around one another, talking about nothing of importance and avoiding everything worth actually talking about. There was something despairing and poignant about the situation which Sherlock feared might never be said aloud: that he wished for nothing more than to shake himself from this inescapable bout of babble and talk to John about something
Molly finally makes her way to the door, glancing through the glass at the odd tenderness of Sherlock's voice. Through the glare of lights, she sees the slight flush of the tips of John's ears as he dampens Sherlock's hand with a paper towel.
"Oh, and Mum?" I call behind her retreating form. She turns her head around and quirks an eyebrow at me before walking closer.
He entered the living room with static pillowing his head. Everything seemed to be swimming as if his world was submerged in water. John was perched on the floor, blanket draped over his lap. A bowl of soup and a mug of tea were paired on the coffee table behind him as promised, steam billowing forth, warming the air. John’s eyes flickered upon seeing him, and Sherlock almost visibly flinched—
"Your point being?" I reply petulantly, placing my violin on my chair. Crossing my arms and turning my nose up, I glare down at the DI, using my height to my advantage. Lestrade puffs up his cheeks and huffs before stepping closer, which is decidedly not a good thing.
She scrawls another note into her book before ending on the cool line,"Oh, really?" As soon as she finishes writing, her eyes are back on me as she says,"May I ask what was different about this one?"
It was quiet for a moment. “For what?” said John, fingers never ceasing. “I told you already, the couch is nothing to worry about, not like we don’t have our chairs. Hell, the floor is working just fine right now. And I already put your clothes in the washer, so it’s really no—“
The puppy cocks his head, almost awaiting the subsequent list of rules. "Firstly, no chewing any of my things, and I promise I'll get something suitable for you to chew on in return." His ears seem to perk up at the prospect of a chew toy; I grimace.
"I know because I usually have to ask if you've had nightmares, and even then you aren't so forthcoming with information. Am I wrong in assuming this one was different?" She folds her hands primly in her lap, crossing her legs. I shift slightly to turn to the window, glimpsing a woman walking her dog outside; I'm glad Ella keeps the blinds open.
He stumbled blearily into the direction of the bathroom, which he had still somehow remembered the location of despite he hadn’t entered this den in over a decade. It was amazing how the brain chose certain things to remember.
"You might not want to go in there...," he murmurs, fidgeting, pulling slightly at his collar. Anderson gives him a look as Donovan raises an eyebrow, but he merely pushes past them.
"Morning, Bill," I respond, finally finished putting on my shoes. He smiles at me as he rolls over and yawns, rubbing at his squinty eyes. "Might want to wake the rest up soon," I say, gesturing to the rest of the barrack's filled beds.
,” he reiterated, flailing his hands inadequately. The strength with which he said the word seemed to peter out as he said, quieter, “Nothing is the same. It hasn’t been for quite some time. I don’t know why—I
Sherlock could discern the wetness of incoming tears in John’s voice when he next spoke: “I’ve done some horrible, pisspoor things to you. I’m so terrible at expressing my gratitude and my love and my regret. It was so easy to blame you for all the bad things I was feeling: to blame you for leaving me behind, and for ruining my life, and for killing Mary. I’m so, so sorry. I don’t think you can ever forgive me. I’ll certainly never be able to forgive myself.”
“It’s alright.” He said it with the air of a widower responding to the obligatory consolation of a funeral goer—like “alright” was an unspoken but all-known code for the opposite. “I know you get caught up in your own head sometimes.”
"Why, that scarf you always wear is blue," she admits, gesturing to the scarf around my neck. I glance down at it for a moment just to see a rich hue of gray wrapped around my neck. No blue, just gray, and suddenly I'm aggitated at the fact that colors simply can't be described. You can say that the ocean is blue, but what is blue? How do you describe blue to someone like me, who's never seen anything other then black, gray, and white?
"I could kiss you if you like," John whispers, anxiously fisting his too-big jumper which Sherlock has such a fond weakness for, but that bias is ridiculous and stupid and he will never, ever use the word 'adorable' to describe his counterpart, ever. A grin stretches over his tanned face, a hesitant pull of lips.
Sherlock did receive a message some time later, whilst still meandering down the sidewalk; he was disappointed to find the messenger ID did not belong to John.
"Currently, I am not deaf, so yes, I did hear myself, but I assume you rather are asking if I know just how ridiculous of a notion it is, correct?" Allow Sherlock to give the longest and most thorough answer possible while still ending with a question.
Almost immediately, I hear the loud, characteristic whistle of the kettle, and Mrs. Hudson hums as she opens the fridge to scour for milk. I merely remain seated as she pulls out the carton and sits it on the counter, grabbing two mugs from the cabinet.
Sherlock could see Eurus observing them on the outskirts of the lake. Their mother had said she had chalky blue eyes, omniscient and ethereal almost; even without their color, the hairs on Sherlock’s neck still stood on end. Her gaze wasn’t that of a curious little girl, but was more akin to the predatory gaze of a prowling cat surveying its prey. Of course, their parents would call Sherlock dramatic for having such an over embellished thought, but he couldn’t help the discomfiture Eurus’s presence always caused him.
My fingers flex at my side ever so slightly. I glance around, shifting my legs to adjust my cane as I shake my head faintly. "I got shot," I admit, trying to smile; it feels more like a grimace.
, it hurts like bloody hell. I writhe beneath his fingers, trying to get the burning to dissipate or do
Sherlock, several hours later, was still draped over the couch. Goosebumps were raised along his skin, cold and tingling flashes trailing over his entire body. He felt nauseous, like something was sloshing around in his stomach every time he tossed or turned. After several hours with no vomiting, he had finally eaten some of the saltines Mycroft had given him and managed to keep them down. He drank some water too, even felt a little better. After that, he had pushed the bowl beneath the end table in expectancy of John’s arrival.
his body, which recently seemed to constantly be contradicting him, convulsed. He scrambled to the toilet and dry heaved, throat stinging with the stomach acid lurching from his throat. No food came up sans for some biscuits he had eaten several hours ago. The bile coated every inch of his mouth and throat—made him want to cut out his tongue, scrub his mouth clean, pull out his teeth with pliers. All that would somehow be less uncomfortable.
Adapting to life again is making me anxious. Civilian life is so...boring, for lack of a better word. Nearly nothing ever happens, and danger is difficult to come by. The worst thing bound to happen is, what, I get robbed by some
"Love you too, Mum," I return. I hear her wipe at her eyes before she hangs up. My mobile feels heavy in my palm. I place it on the desk, then I cradle my head in my hands. I just rub circles into my head and blink.
“Sherlock,” John said, sounding exasperated. “No one intends to throw up. You don’t need to explain yourself—just go take a shower.”
There the fingers were again, on his face now. They danced over his eyelids, rubbing against the hollow of his cheekbone. He wanted so vehemently to grapple onto John like a buoy in the vast ocean, to hurdle through life, wherever it may take him, with John and Rosie strung along to his side.
Sherlock watched it with a semblance of detachment, as if observing the nuances of a painting. He felt far away, disconnected from the sight. Here, right in front of him, were the two people he cherished most in this world. They were bubbly and affectionate, familiar and comfortable. Here he was, the one person he loathed most in this world, sitting across from them, trying desperately to partake but seemingly falling short—as he somehow managed to in every capacity. An incongruous and discordant presence.
"Whiskey on the rocks, I presume?" I say, his head snapping up, eyes peering at me from beneath greasy hair. His utter lack of hygiene is plenty repulsive; at least the woman prior had on makeup and had curled her hair, even if she knew she wasn't considered 'pretty'.
Perhaps pathetically, the knowledge that John remembered Sherlock took his tea with two sugars was immensely relieving. Something gnarly in his stomach loosened as he took a sip of the beverage. “It’s good,” he commented offhandedly. “Thank you.”
"I suppose, a long time ago, we did care about each other. Maybe love is too strong a word. Why do you ask?"
Sighing slightly as she grabs the file and folds it beneath her arm, she turns for the doorway. Sauntering down the hallway, she stops suddenly, hearing the doctor and detective's voices increase suddenly in volume, echoing throughout the corridor.
"It wasn't about the war...it was about my dad." I glance at Ella to see an actual increment of feeling in her eyes. It isn't pity, but there's understanding there; it's better than sympathy.
"There," Sherlock pronounces, returning to John's outstretched arms. "If you don't have as good a grasp at dancing as you do with killing," Mycroft sees the soldier flinch, and he does so wish Sherlock could be a bit less insensitive,"then I will have to lead."
He blinked the sleep from his eyes, rubbing a hand over his eyelids when sunlight assaulted him. His head pounded, like someone was banging drums inside his skull. His brain seemed to be swimming. His mouth was cotton-dry, scratchy and raw. A cough rattled out of his throat.
"You know what?" I announce, pulling away from her. "Forget about the cuff. I'll just...I won't cover it up...," I admit, and my mum looks at me softly.
Sherlock couldn’t seem to voice the intricacy and depth of his feelings aloud. All that came was: “Devastated.”
Reality would crack down on him soon; he needed to return to Baker Street eventually, before John got suspicious. Yet he couldn’t simply ride off the rest of his high in the flat—he wasn’t cruel enough to potentially subject Rosie to his drug addled behavior. He would need to take great care in stashing the drugs.
“What’s wrong?” she said. He supposed it was obvious he was afflicted by something, what with his admission to not knowing the reason for his presence. Sherlock always made it a point to have a motivation for everything, to have some force which propelled him. Not now—he was too tired, acting on whims and subconscious.
"Maybe," I drawl, and my legs have already carried me to the door and I'm saying a tight goodbye as I slam the door shut.
I grin as the recruits shift in their sleep, then almost flinch away from their cots. One soldier rolls completely off the bed onto the floor, and he startles awake. Another tries pressing the off button on his alarm, but just manages to turn it on, making him almost leap from his bed as he quickly turns it back off.
or anything, but having Mycroft flaunting his colors nearly whenever he sees me is starting to grate on my nerves. Sometimes he'll mention the lovely shade of green Gregory's name is written in, or mention that it's strange that some things stay gray even after 'going color'.
"But-But weren't you married?" I chuckle vaguely, awkwardly, trying to lighten the mood, just a little.
I heave a long sigh before tentatively starting,"I just...when we met, you said your name was Gregory, and I remembered that Mycroft's wrist had that name on it. I...I suppose I was bitter about knowing his soulmate and not my own. So I...deleted the knowledge from my mind, as to make myself believe that you couldn't be Mycroft's soulmate, even though you probably were."
yet?" he says uncomfortably. I see him shift in his seat as he pulls his hand away, instead tapping his fingers against the bar.
After the second hit of cocaine, Sherlock blearily stumbled from the bathroom. The woman from which he’d gotten the syringes looked at him knowingly, as if she could pinpoint the exact euphoric moment of the high he was riding right now.
The atmospheric shift is tangible, even through Mycroft's screen. Sherlock allows one elegant, admittedly dramatic bow, but it drags on to a point where he doesn't even pull the soldier up. The doctor is held only by the boffin's lingering hand, and when his brother dear leans in ever the slightest, Mycroft sees a viable opportunity to annoy, and gladly takes it.
"Oh," she smiles, moving her hands to tend to the next flower over. "It said Gregory, dear," she finishes simply, not turning to glance at me. Well, I suppose my parents are okay with my soulmate being male, then, if Mycroft's is. That's good, I assume.
. No matter if I were to say it or sigh it or shout it or sob it, it would still sound absolutely beautiful to my ears.
I spent literally two hours trying to put an image in this chapter because I did draw my own art, but I could not for the life of me get it to work. I was able to paste the image in the rich text, but wasn’t able to see it. I don’t know, man.
! What a pleasant surprise of my dear brother, his husband, and their newly acquired canine companion to visit me," I exclaim, laying the sarcasm on thick. I glance to the dog's muzzle, but I don't see any Redbeard there.
why does anyone request these things? this blog is for documenting cases, is it not? why do i always come here to find some romantic rubbish?
FYI, Loretta’s doesn’t exist. Also, I tried to make the price of the drugs as accurate as possible, and tried using correct terminology to the best of my knowledge.
"You forgot the tea," he whispers, and he supposes the way John laughs must mean he did something correctly to preserve this instant in his continuum. This lovely man, his soldier on the front line, simply pulls away and glances at the counter, then at his watch that Sherlock recognizes as a gift from his mother.
I turn my alarm clock off as I shout,"Good morning, sleeping beauties!" None of them smile at me as one glares daggers and some others cross their arms. I smile mischievously as I scratch the back of my neck in mock embarrassment. "Oh, sorry; did I do that?"
“There’s so many ways I could describe it to you,” his mother said, leaning her trowel against a flowerpot. “I could say how blue is crisp or calming or cool, and that would probably mean nothing to you. I know you’d particularly loathe anything other than a scientific answer, which is not something I can give in good faith or apt knowledge, but which I know
“I’m sorry,” he said again. It seemed an inadequate apology, but he thought of nothing more fitting.
Sherlock took the drink with shaking fingers. “Thank you,” he said sincerely, a vague sense of deja vu nipping at the edges of his vision. This exchange seemed to bring every image of John from the past several years to mind, swelling in his head—John in the early morning after a shower, John cradling Rosie in his strong arms, John brewing tea, John slanted against the wall and laughing in a way neither of them had in a
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was muffled through the door. “I figured you didn’t grab any clothes, so I brought some for you.” Sherlock bit down on his tongue, drawing blood after a moment: it tasted like ash. “I finished cleaning the sofa already. Don’t be embarrassed: I’ve dealt with just as bad from some of my patients. I made you some tea and soup as well.”
Mum pulls away, and despite her trying to swipe them away discretely, I see the tears beading in the corners of her eyes. I reach my hand out, drag my thumb over her eyes, and I see a small smile tug at her lips.
I realized that I couldn't imagine any of it while I was standing there, letting the spray wash over me, and I felt disappointed; I
"If you insist on calling me that, then yes, I am," he confirms, letting his arms fall to his sides. I feel the need to pull at my hair as Mycroft silently smirks at Lestrade's assertiveness, usually nonexistent.
"Sex is terrifying," I admit softly. Mycroft tells me I talk in a small voice every time something sexual is brought up. He's probably right on that account. My experiences have always been...less than pleasant, but it's easy enough to ignore when I'm not thinking about it.
He looked around at several other addicts who littered the room. Some were nestled on the sofa, faces smashed into the cushions, comatose due to drugs; others were strewn on the floor, or slanted against walls, murmuring. One couple, a man and a woman, stood pressed against a window on the opposite side of the room. The man’s trousers hung low on his waist, and the woman’s blouse was disheveled. The man was tittering happily, skinny and small, slumped against his wife’s broad shoulders. They both stared out at the skyline, taking turns smoking a quickly dying cigarette.
Sherlock scowled, but the look lacked its usual heat. Mycroft only simpered, satisfied, then made his way to the front door. “Well, brother mine, I hate to leave so soon, but I have business matters to which I must attend.” He sounded genuinely remorseful, even going so far as to allow the smug smile to fall away. “I will, of course, return your calls if you need me in the meantime. I’m also taking your stash to insure you don’t cave in.”
Silences were comfortable and common. John would sit in his armchair, scanning the morning paper, tapping his foot to some melody which was stuck in his head as he sipped his mug of Earl Grey. Sherlock would lay on the sofa, hands steepled under his chin, tucked away in his Mind Palace reviewing some recent case.
When he and John had lived together years ago, there had been a comfortable quietude in the morning. John would make tea for the both of them, and they would sit in the living room together, preoccupied with their own devices.
Some of the tension bled from Sherlock's shoulders. His feeling of inadequacy was temporarily diluted by his ability to make Molly laugh—by his victory in attaining her forgiveness.
your brother's name?" he asks after a moment, an inquisitive expression on his face as I continue to wipe the martini and alcohol glasses.
He gasped, body arching then going flaccid. His head lolled back, harsh coolness of porcelain seeping into his temples. The world seemed to sway although he was slumped over, sat squarely on his bottom, and fixated on a singular point across from him.
"I-" My voice cracks slightly, and I clear my throat, noticing the rays of light against the carpeted floor. "I turned out to...to be the one that made him crash. We-we were fighting for the wheel, and I
"You felt it necessary to count the days between each occasion," he says, more of a statement than a question. John at least has the modesty to look embarrassed, scrubbing a hand along the back of his neck with a slight, almost imperceptible nod. "Were these moments so monumental as to require counting?"
"What color was it?" I continue, shifting slightly to avoid crumbles of dirt, deciding to ignore her use of the nickname 'dear', again.
It's a big change going from shot and bloody comrades to shopping at Tesco's and taking cabs to pubs with old mates.
There had once been a time where John had said he would trust Sherlock with his life. That, despite Sherlock’s unpredictability and fanaticism, he still knew wholeheartedly that he was protected and secure. Trust had been the integral backbone to their relationship, even when they had first met; it was a testament to their faith and understanding of one another.
"My God, J-John...it's aw-ful. He was d-drunk and h-he was dr-iving home...he hit a-a..." She doesn't finish, I don't start, and together, there aren't any words. The sun beats down on my forehead. It would've felt lovely yesterday.
I hate to admit to any sort of happiness, but I'm feeling really giddy in this moment as I smile slightly. "You've got yourself a-"
. He had gotten Mrs. Hudson to promise to properly dispose of his hidden stash, had taken up frivolous hobbies to quell the intense ache which had emerged from the lack of high.
John had been distant for some time. Sherlock felt like an outside observer in the inner workings of his own life. He prepared tea in the morning with shaking fingers, pushed the mug into John’s hands, to which he was only thanked stiffly. He held Rosie until she fell asleep against his hip, swaying around the flat, to which John merely watched. He rarely spoke to John unless spoken to, for fear that something he said would push him off some unspoken precipice. It felt dreadfully like walking on eggshells. It seemed imperative that he do
." The statement almost makes my stomach flop as Ella just leans back into her chair and pens in another little statement.
I cant my head to see the livid and clammy face of the man from before, a snarl curling his lips. I grimace at him, but I comply after a moment, bound to conform to his requests if I wish to receive a paycheck at the end of the week.
John pursed his lips, shifted his legs, then settled his hands in his lap. He fiddled with a loose spool of thread on the hem of his jumper.
Yeah, so I know it’s been a while...again...but uh, here’s the next chapter. I really will try updating somewhat regularly once again!
The fact stings a bit, but she knows there was only a slim chance of her attraction being mutual; how could a couple mugs of coffee change Sherlock's whole perspective of her? She hadn't even been considering John, either, which is probably a no-no if she ever wants a relationship with the detective.
I sense another sharp sting again as the tool is lodged back in my shoulder, and I look at it this time, despite my better judgement. The metal glints in the sun, and I hear myself hiss as he yanks the pliers from inside.
“Why…?” Sherlock slurred, trembling fingers running over the book’s spine. He fell back onto the lip of the tub, whole body trembling from a mixture of exhaustion and euphoria. “How did you get this? This is confidential information.”
Heaving another sigh, my heart beating at a less alarming rate, I try,"An acquaintance of mine." Mycroft gives me an admonishing look, and I know I've displeased him, but when do I
Sherlock stepped past her and walked into the living room, where Rosie was swaddled and fast asleep in her bassinet. John and Mary—Sherlock winced—had bought it and given it to Mrs. Hudson for the occasions when she babysat, which was more often than not. After all, John and Mary had both worked full-time, and Mrs. Hudson was in short-supply of anything interesting to preoccupy herself with.
Sherlock, dear, what are you doing? It's awfully quiet. I swear you're going to give me a heart attack.
He looked at himself in the mirror for a long moment. His hair was sweat slicked and frizzy, matted to his forehead. His pupils were constricted pin-hole thin, and the sclera was red and riddled with prominent blood vessels. Flush crept over his skin, which was riddled with goosebumps and raised hair. His clothes hung limply over his form, bony shoulders protruding. Hands quivering and unsteady, he smoothed down the front of his shirt. Extending his arm, brandishing it at the mirror, he saw fresh marks in the crook of his elbow, little pinpricks along the veins.
Sherlock hummed, hoping it could cover up his growing unease. Talking about things, as John had put it, was something they had never been good at. They were both too sporadic, too frantic, too damaged and brutal. There was an unspoken fragility to both of them, a quality that, if exposed, made them easy to shatter and hard to mend. No, talking about things was not in their nature and often over complicated things that were already too emotionally complex for Sherlock to accurately comprehend.
because I couldn’t bear to blame myself. I cheated on my wife, and I failed to protect her. And...I couldn’t deal with that. I put it all on you, and that was so,
I just sit on my gray bed, staring at my gray notebook, in my gray bedroom, looking at the gray window panes, then at the gray cement, and the gray puddles on it, formed by the gray droplets of rain that are falling from the gray sky.
"I must be off, though," she concedes, stepping down from the door. Her fingers find the screen of her phone again as she says a last half-hearted goodbye and starts back to Mycroft's posh limousine. I watch her go for a moment before swinging the door shut and rushing up the steps. Practically wrenching my door open, I bolt through the doorway.
"I'm sure you'll find him," Mrs. Hudson whispers softly, head held limply in her hands as her gentle eyes stare into mine. I want to believe her, but I've been telling myself since I was a teenager,"
"Second," I state, plopping onto the couch after placing him on the floor. "No bodily functions inside the house; those are reserved for when I must walk you." Abruptly, he tries leaping into my lap, just like Red-
It wasn’t so long ago when he had related to them. He hadn’t touched smack for what must’ve been eleven years now, Sherlock thought. He and Lestrade had made a deal—if Sherlock got clean and attended his regular Narcotics Anonymous meetings, and didn’t relapse, Lestrade would give him cases with Scotland Yard.
I don't finish, the sentence left sharp and prickly in the air. She doesn't say anything, or force me to continue, but that may only be because she knows the ending.
And why was John so adamant that he was unforgivable? Why would he not want Sherlock’s forgiveness? Shouldn’t he be leaping at the chance to have a clear conscience, rejoicing the fact that Sherlock was taking responsibility for some of the events that transpired?
Now that I think about it, I vaguely remember thinking about all the colors I might see if I looked into the mirror across from my shower stall. Mum told me my skin is a tan color, and she tried to explain it, but it's still difficult to imagine. She told me water looks blue, but not in small quantities, so I tried to imagine the "clear" color she told me of. I wondered what color the shampoo and body wash and loofa and tiles were. I wondered what the blue of my eyes and the blonde of my hair looked like, trying to think of how Mum had described it.
...," I finally grate out, and I thought the confession might make me feel better, but I just feel worse.
I grimace slightly as I turn back to stare at the glass in my hand. I know why I deleted it, but I really don't want Lestrade thinking I'm more petty than he already probably thinks I am. Then again, lying about it most likely isn't going to get me anywhere.
He stumbled up from the couch and dejectedly made his way to the bathroom. The hot knosel was turned on roughly before Sherlock stripped out of what little of his garments remained and simply stepped into the shower without minding the temperature.
After a little eternity they loosen their embrace and are instantly surrounded by their friends and family, who come to congratulate them for the second time that day.
John takes a deep breath before continuing, “You saved your sister, who has stolen your childhood home and your best friend from you. You've... been so kind to my wife and have been there for me and Rosie, when she died.” He gulps and closes his eyes by the thought of Mary, lying before him, bleeding out, “I'm so... so sorry for the way I behaved around you back then. I know there is no apology for the things I did to you. It wasn't your fault. None of this was your fault.” With a serious look he looks up at Sherlock.
Stating by the date, as it is their anniversary, the probability of it being a positive occurrence is much higher than this to be something like a break up - a goodbye letter, for instance.
“It's a party for you, papa!” Rosie explains, comfortably held in her uncle's arms, while holding a big red balloon from the room's decoration in her hands.
A little black jewellery box is fetched out of his jacket and John releases Sherlock's hand to open it and to present him the golden ring that lies inside on velvety fabric.
“Everything's alright?” he asks after his partner, who apparently is taking a break from ice skating, stating from the exhausted look on his face, the heavy breathing and the abandoned skates he's dropped beside the bench.
You've gone through hell for us - You willingly let your reputation and all the work you love so much be destroyed and jumped of a bloody hospital roof, to keep us safe. You've been tortured, you got me out of a bonfire, not thinking about getting hurt yourself, you planned my whole wedding and taught me how to dance, even though it broke your heart to lose me... you even shot a man for me and went on a undercover mission, that you wouldn't have survived.”
The doctor lets his eyes wander over their circle of smiling friends that are standing in the beautifully decorated room that is Angelo's restaurant.
Sure there are a few disagreements and rows here and there but after all this time Sherlock and John know now how the other one ticks and when to back down and let something be.
“I love you,” he can't help but breath into his partner's ear, letting memories of their first meeting flood his thoughts. How young they have been. The instant connection between them, when they first laid eyes onto each other in the small lab of St Bart's Hospital. Their first laugh about their ridiculous chase around London, their first case, their first “date” at Angelo's. What a ride the both of them had.
“Breakfast in bed, John? To what do I own this pleasure, is it already my birthday again?” he asks in a sarcastic voice.
Without any difficulty John guides his partner into the little restaurant, he came to love over the last few years.
Rosie stands beside the two man and looks up at Sherlock with a worried look on her face, “But daddy, papa won't be able to see anything!”
He feels his partner's hand gently shake his shoulder and abruptly stops his deductions, only to register that the car seems to have stopped its odyssey around London.
“As you wish. But maybe you can watch your language a little, as there is a young lady with us at he moment.”
Carefully he's led outside and as soon as he took a few steps on the slightly cracked concrete under his shoes, he's walked on many times and by hearing the familiar bright bell sounding, that announces new costumers, he knows exactly were he is now.
“I-I mean you were an arrogant prick. You were rude and strange, showing off your deductions, awkwardly trying to make me like you... And you succeeded.
While the sight of his mother causes confusion in Sherlock's eyes, the little crowd of people around them, which in this moment starts clapping and shouting “CONGRATULATIONS!”, lets the detective appear almost shell-shocked.
No - stating by the clothes John asked him to wear, before he blinded him and the doctor's and Rosie's own rather festive attire, it must be somewhere more posh.
Both of them glance over at said little girl, sitting on Molly's lap and listening to her parents with sleepy eyes, exhausted from the day's events.
Nervously John looks down at the handwritten words he wants his partner to hear now. After all this years of enduring and giving and never asking for something in return. The man finally needs to hear this. So he slowly breathes in and out and begins reading.
Fortunately the detective lets go of the subject and follows the doctor to a pair of empty chairs where they sit down beside Rosie, who is still playing with a red balloon, that belongs to the decoration Molly and Mrs Hudson had done to the little restaurant in honour of their friends.
He focuses on the face right before him and a warm feeling floods every fibre of his being. It's the face of the most perfect creature he has ever met in this world. The little girl with her long blonde, unruly hair and the huge, deep blue eyes, crowned with long black lashes, her small, freckled nose just inches away from his own, smiling back at him and gently brushing her soft finger over the bridge of Sherlock's nose.
He can't hide the smile that forms on his lips, as he lays his head down against John's and feels all tension slowly leave his body.
So instead I gave you the opportunity to do what you love – deducing something – while successfully getting you to the place I wanted you to be, without all the drama and shouting.”
He's on the brink of giving into the welcoming darkness of sleep again, when something lightly tickles his nose.
After her little afternoon nap Rosie is fully awake now and sings a happy song about elephants, she learned at her kindergarten the other day, while Sherlock is leaning his head against the cool window of the car and tries to work out where exactly they're going, with all his remaining senses.
“John, put the dog down, haven't we agreed it won't come near the bed?” Sherlock reminds his partner obviously annoyed again by their animalistic visitor.
John chuckles and pats the white mountain beside him. “Don't sulk now, we're leaving already,” he says while gently shooing the dog from the bed and standing up himself, “I think it's time for a little morning walk now. Will you join us? Maybe we could visit the playground afterwards and go ice skating with Rosie. I'd like for us to have a nice day together in celebration of our anniversary.”
John gives him a shy smile while unconsciously stroking his jacket pocket, where he hurriedly crammed the paper inside, when Rosie cried out for him.
“Well done!” Sherlock sits in his usual chair by the mantle, taking a sip out of the mug of tea in his hand. The fire beside him crackles and warms the air around them.
The other parts of his body are as perfectly clothed as ever. The detective wears a beautifully tailored black suit with a white shirt and his all time favourite Belstaff coat above them.
“What's all this noise that early in the morning?” the sound of a familiar voice interrupts the cheery tussle, as both Sherlock and Rosie look up at the man who just walked into the bedroom, a big wooden tray in his hands.
Obviously not satisfied with the sudden interruption of this pleasant moment and pouting his lips, Sherlock lets himself dramatically fall down onto his pillows. John strokes over Rosie's velvety hair and chuckles, while lifting the breakfast tray he brought from the kitchen onto the bed before the three of them.
Without looking back down on his prepared words, the doctor continues speaking out everything he wants his loved one to hear, gazing into those beautiful light blue eyes. “You are the best man and the most human human being that I have ever known.
He hears a nervous cough from someone in the background. Maybe he shouldn't have done this surrounded by so many people.
Seeing the person that steps out of the crowd before them now, winking at John with an amused smile on the face, he can't help but grin and takes a step back himself to watch the scene before him unfold.
"Be ready within five minutes; chow time in eight," I announce, and I walk out of the door, alone. Bill doesn't follow me as I venture to the chow hall, and I feel so desolate with all of the gray walls surrounding me, enclosing me, making me feel almost...claustrophobic.
"Why'd you do it, Sherlock?" she questions, practically whimpers, and I don't have a logical answer for her. I didn't want to, and I still don't want to; I don't think I've ever wanted to.
“And how’ve you been, Watson?” said Sherlock, pushing aside the sting and instead smiling at her bubbly face.
this week. Whatever has got him peeved, I doubt it's very important, but he's irritated with me because of it; even more than he usually is, I mean. It's been fairly annoying," I divulge, bringing a cluster of glasses back to the sink.
He makes his way behind the counter and stands to the right of me, wrapping the towel around the glasses I've already washed.
He set his silver spoon, which he had grabbed before leaving Baker Street, on the kitchen sink. He then took a one gram baggie and tapped it gently, grains of white powder sprinkling into the spoon like a funnel. Once just enough was settled, he pulled a water bottle—another item which he had brought from home—out of his pocket and swirled some into the powder, crushing up the larger lumps. He then took the lighter from his pocket and ignited a flame just below the spoon. Fire licked and danced around the already blackened metal, waving about in a circular motion. After several lingering, almost agonizing seconds, the solution began to boil as it grew hot. He removed the heat source and dropped a cigarette filter into the solution; he promptly stuck the needle into the filter and sucked the cocaine solution into the syringe.
“Oh,” Victor said. The tone of his voice seemed to exactly mirror Sherlock’s disappointment. “Oh, well that’s gonna be hard for you.”
"Stamford. Mike Stamford," he says, supplying a name to his face; I remember it a little. "We were at Bart's together," he confirms, holding out his hand happily, and I suddenly remember when we could've been considered 2 normal kids.
Sherlock nods faintly as she leaves the room, empty mugs clinking in her hands. John offered to help her carry them, but she didn't want to make a bigger deal about it than it already was; it's obvious Sherlock knew what she was doing. It's also obvious the type of affection she holds for him isn't returned in the slightest.
"But even though we don't usually get along, and even though I'm envious that he has his soulmate, and I don't," the crowd looks sadly at me(but I brush it off),"I'm genuinely...well, I wouldn't say I'm
“It wasn’t okay. You’re making me feel worse,” shouted John, expelling an unsteady breath, pinching the bridge of his nose between his fingers. “It was
frustrated. I want to know everything, and I know it isn't possible, but that doesn't mean it doesn't anger me.
John’s expression softened. A breathy laugh exited his throat. “Thank you,” he said, sounding sincere. His voice was touched with gratitude and warmth, and sounded hauntingly like John’s voice once had when he and John had lived together once, without Mary, without Rosie, and without grief. “I don’t have much furniture, but I’m bringing a child into this now.” His expression became gravely serious, as if he expected Sherlock not to know the situation’s gravitas without some physical manifestation of it. “Will that be alright with you?”
“Listen, when I…” He seemed to be warring with some great affliction. “When I hurt you, at the hospital—“
The warmth vanished as John retracted his hand. Sherlock’s mind was scratching itself raw with grief and wanting and guilt.
The man seemed simultaneously surprised and pleased. “Ah,” he said at last, as if remembering some long lost piece of information. “You’re that Holmes guy, right? Clever, very clever. Wouldn’t have taken you for a junkie.”
I glance incredulously at him, practically glare at him, but he merely shrugs innocently and turns back to his lager. He knows I despise small talk, but I'll indulge him, just this once, since he's being generous with the whole drug fiasco.
He wasn’t sure how long he stayed like that, curled into himself like a pathetic creature. It was only when someone knocked at the door that he raised his head from its hanging position and finally turned off the water, stepping out from the shower and wrapping a towel around his waist.
"Panic attack," he informs simply; I should've known. The symptoms were all present, but I was too worked up to see them. "You said something about a John? Who is that?"
Christ, he probably looked like shit. Not as high as a kite anymore, but certainly his profile was suspicious.
He turned inwards, facing his room once again. He stared at his figure in the mirror. Nothing jumped at him particularly, except perhaps for one errant curl at the top of his head. His eyes shifted to the pile of notebooks and novels stacked on the vanity, Post-It notes slipped between pages. His bed was unmade, the duvet contorted in ways only fabric could be.
Yet another time, I had bruised lips and other grazes littering my body. As much as it pains me to say it, no pun intended, I had a run for my money fighting against one of our suspects. I suppose Sherlock thought kissing me would be a good form of comfort. Yeah, it hurt like hell instead.
"No," I respond simply, and her pen starts across the paper again. I cross my legs as she finishes her note, peering at the word upside down; '
"How did you-?" I look to Mike, words dying in my throat and sticking to the back. "You told him about me?" I'm trying to understand because no normal person has ever done this or would ever attempt to.
John meets an old friend and chats with him over a cup of coffee. As this friend leads him to what he's yet to realize is the epitome of his life, he ponders on destiny, on how he got to this moment and that everything he did makes him up. Then, he meets the person he has no idea is his person.
The pallor of his skin, the constriction of his pupils, his flush—everything was practically a dead giveaway to a doctor who had been in practice for over fifteen years.
Curious, Sally tails them further, barely hearing the click of door hinges down at the far end of the hall. She frowns; she's sure the room they're in is a custodial closet. She's even positive it's labeled as such.
Sherlock lay on the bed like a dead thing. Sunlight poked through the sliver of the drawn curtains, illuminating the crown of his head. He observed it with absent amusement, extending his hand, flexing his fingers, watching the white light as it danced across his skin.
"Would I have to...," my voice trails off, meek and gentle, and it's only now that I realize I've been shaking. I don't want anything in my mouth, and I just want to gag to wash the nastiness away. "He wouldn't make me..." I want to vomit.
“Hey, hey,” John cooed, brandishing a wet cloth and carrying a bucket with soapy water. After placing the bucket next to the couch, he pulled gently at Sherlock’s sleeves, prying his hands from where they were pressed against his chest. Squeezing, he gently ran his thumbs over Sherlock’s knuckles. “Here, shift this way a bit.”
I look again down the hall before starting out and half-heartedly waving goodbye to Mike, to which he waves back, and nodding at the woman.
She stares at me oddly for a moment before crossing her legs and saying, almost uncomfortably,"Well, no, Sherlock..."
Mummy would always tell me of how, when you saw your soulmate, you'd just know that it was them. I'd asked how you could just know by a glance that you and someone else were meant to be, and you'd immediately see the colors, but she said it wasn't nearly as simple as it sounded.
"Ah...should I tell him to call you back?" Greg shifts slightly as he holds the phone in front of his face, gaze lingering on the curtains above the couch.
His shirt sleeve rolled forward, absorbing the trickle of blood and concealing the new pair of flushed and raised track marks. He buttoned the cuff, then shuffled into his overcoat. The woman watched him.
“Sir, are you sure?” The cabbie stopped at the light and glanced furtively back, voice slightly trembling. “You don’t look so—“
"Well, Sherlock...such a nice little chat we've had...may I ask if your answer is yes or no before I leave?"
Mycroft scans his soon-to-be husband's profile, then rotates to face me. He gives me the same once-over before sighing for so long his lungs sound like they'll give out any moment. He eventually grips Lestrade's hand and makes his way to the top of the steps, but then he turns back.
Like now, for instance, peering at the live feed of the CCTV cameras perched in his brother and Dr. Watson's flat. Some may call it snooping, but Mycroft prefers the more formal 'eavesdropping' as a pleasant alternative. Either way, he certainly won't deny that he does, indeed, snoop on his brother dear.
There are times I believe Mycroft doesn't love me, but now is not one of those times. The way his mouth curls on the word hurt and the intensity of his eyes is caring in a way reserved only for things he truly cares about. Mycroft caring is more unsettling than comforting, right now.
," I whisper, and I know he hears me. His face freezes, and Derek's arms have gone limp at my comment, so I take my chance and pull away as quickly as I can. I wince as I try running away, leaving my bag and school supplies sprawled on the sidewalk. The last thing I see as I limp away is Derek walking away from Carver, who is desperately trying to make excuses.
Mrs. Hudson seemed scandalized. “Now don’t say that!” she said, swatting at his shoulder. “John’s only a bit overprotective is all—rightfully so. After what happened with Mary being dishonest, and all that other nonsense, I can’t say I blame him.”
"Mike, what shade does this liquid look to you?" His velvety voice throws me off, but it isn't unpleasant; it's heavenly smooth and resonating. "This morning you said it was clear."
Another bout of guilt twisted in his stomach. His influence, once again, had managed to disturb John’s happiness. He was encroaching on something special and private by being here, by watching the father and daughter’s comfortable companionship. Once again, he was out of place and at the same time reminded that he was, after all, a difficult person.
Sherlock was gripped with grief and elation in equal measure. In that moment, soul-sucking and crushing, two thoughts simultaneously came to him:
I would just know their name, the lone, colored title branded on the underneath of my wrist, and I wouldn't even have seen the color of my marking. Then, I would never know if someone was able to deal with my alleged idiosyncrasies, like I had asked Mummy doubtfully, so many times.
shirt!" I shout, and I carefully try to calm the rising edge to my voice. I want my point to get across.
," he corrects almost immediately, sighing a little as he leans on his elbows. He does look proud of me, though, as he smiles afterwards. "That's great, Sherlock. How about I make you a deal? If you can stay off the coke for another month, I'll let you on cases again."
“That’s good,” said Sherlock gently, though his smile faltered. “Only the best for such a smart cookie.”
There should be more John and Sherlock interactions in future chapters. Right now, they just gotta be apart.
, trying to pull the steering wheel from him...and then..." Ella's eyes are right on me, intently examining all of me. I feel stripped, and cornered, and the feeling is not good. My whole face prickles, almost overly sensitive to the air.
