“Nothing. Just one of those memes on Facebook.” John was slouched low in his chair, his new tablet in his lap. It was quiet in 221B Baker Street, the fuss following Christmas had died down and in its place was a cosy calm. John Watson felt pretty content about things. He was even optimistic about getting the hang of using the tablet before the year was over.
“Sherlock?” John lowered his voice and infused it with as much authority as he could muster. “Can you tell me what’s wrong? Because if you can’t, I think you should go to bed.”
“Did you know that three of the last five women you’ve swiped on Tinder are married – or do you just not care?”
But this time it was Sherlock moving them the rest of the way. His hands clutched John’s jumper and then their lips were finally touching.
"Yes, well, not everything is within my control, Sherlock. I might have been able to warn you if you'd told me of this scheme before you carried it out, but after the fact..."
“And what if I don’t?” Sherlock didn’t meet John’s eye.
John has, on several occasions, been close to telling him that he's feeling much better now. That he doesn't need quite that much taking care of. But he doesn't know how to phrase that without potentially saying something stupid.
“Why?” asked Sherlock, not even pretending to ask what John was referring to. “You didn’t do anything wrong.”
“I’ve told you not to snoop on my phone.”
"Back to Baker Street." Sherlock isn't meeting his eyes, but rather scanning the area for taxis.
Sherlock knows John loved Mary. He never would've stood next to John while he promised herself to her if he hadn't believed he loved her.
People like her often can.  That's the only way for them to survive as they do.
Sherlock mumbled something from his chair.
But John is tired and John is dizzy. So instead of doing something elaborate he just does what feels right and what feels straight forward. Something he doesn't think anyone has ever objected to, in the history of sex, so he feels quite safe going for that option.
But lurking behind those thoughts are other thoughts. Thoughts that sustained him, in his exile. Thoughts about more. Maybe. A little more. A small, guilty hope. Fantasies – fantasies! – about stupid things. Like John’s hands.
"No, it
And it was very quickly becoming something rather more than a kiss.
And he certainly tended to be a bit possessive. Unreasonable, some might say (and had said) about his claims on John’s time and attention.
He couldn't take liberties with Sherlock's person, his body, his personal space. Sherlock was one of those people who had a huge fucking personal space. He radiated danger and contempt. People usually had the good sense not to come too close. Holding his hand when he was unable to stop it from happening was...unthinkable.
For a moment they stood there in silence, Sherlock looking at his slide, John looking at Sherlock.
“Who?”
“Ah, that’s item number two. Our party.”
"... Years?" John felt faint.
"Right, so your client...?"
He knows it won't be the last time. He knows that eventually he'll need to come back and empty it. Even if he finds a charity willing to clear it out in exchange for everything in it, he'll have to come back. But the act still has an air of finality to it.
The man was a genius. Breathing was hardly rocket science.
She isn’t pregnant.
As if he was going over all the things the two of them had done over the years. All the things that had happened without the law ever catching up on them. Property destruction, burglaries, forgeries… And worse.
And yet, John has started to doubt his repeated assurances to Ella. He isn’t quite sure that the best part of his relationship with Sherlock is how they don't talk about things.
He has a pounding headache, after spending the afternoon with his mother, and he can't deal with this right now. She rises as he flops in his chair and heads for the kitchen.
John had never been much of the hand-holding type. But he'd held the hands of his parents as they died. First his mum and later his dad.
“John… I can’t. Not like this.” And he tries to put everything he feels into the meagre words, because he cannot –
Emotional growth can clearly manifest itself in curious ways.
a) If he is in a relationship with Sherlock Holmes, does he want to take that to the next level?
So John placed a hand on Sherlock’s knee to stabilise himself and looked up at him.
He cleared his throat.
Sherlock leaned forward in his chair.
John considered making him count, but frankly, he had more sensory input at the moment than he knew what to do with. Right now, he just wanted to focus on getting through this thing.
A kiss was something that involved mouths. This, this was morphing into something else. John felt greedy, dizzy with want and curiosity and hunger. He wanted everything. Most of all he wanted to touch Sherlock’s skin. He wanted to see where else this electricity would spark between them.
"Look good?” Sherlock interrupted. “You just said that I could pull it off, that I look good in it is clearly a step up from that."
“Deepest, darkest, most improper wishes.”
Again Sherlock mumbled something unintelligible from the chair.
Which was why John wasn’t even with Sherlock when he took the case that went to hell.
“This wasn’t what I planned,” says John.
John, however, isn’t.
The morning is normal, in spite of the emotional upheaval of the previous night.
didn’t want to call Mycroft.
John is still hopelessly aroused by the most annoying man in London, Sherlock continues not to make a move, and John can neither stay in the status quo (and remain celibate forevermore) nor give up the current situation (for some hypothetical girlfriend and source of sex).
" John still didn’t look pleased but he lowered the knife and took five deep breaths before returning his full attention back to his breakfast, if Sherlock were smart he’d know this was the point to quit but as John pointed out not long after they met; he was an idiot... so he kept going.
"Good... Good." Then he started the car and they were back on the road to Grimpen, this time when John looked out the window he was smiling. Sherlock might be an arse but he was a nice arse, John supposed.
." Moriarty drawled and snapped his fingers as he exited the pool, the red dots that danced along John and Sherlock’s bodys vanished and the both gave an audible sigh of relief.
"Yup! Now you’re getting the hang of this Alpha thing!" John grinned down at him and then looked over the disaster of a room.
! That was a nightmare Sherlock! This is why I hate traveling by train, it took bloody ages and now I’ve got an arse like a pancake!" John snapped at his chuckling flatmate as they walked out of the station together.
"Stay." The Omega purred, eyes half-lidded and Sherlock swallowed, he wanted to but he had to get them a towel to dry off and he had to do something, anything lest he accost John’s body before it was fully ready for him, he still had to wait for the scent change and lubricant to start forming.
Was it something I said?
Sherlock had a moment just before he paid for the little thing where he felt completely ridiculous doing such a boring task as buying baby things but then he looked down at the blue item in his hand and he smirked at the thought dancing through his head.
He stands up once the cigarette has been smoked down to the filter and returns to the flat. Surely there is something in his inbox that can distract him for a while. At least going through the incoming cases will kill some time.
She continues. "You know that you love him, don't you? And that he loves you? Utterly, completely, wholeheartedly, the lot of it? And I really don't mean that in a platonic sense."
But... They didn't. They didn't touch. They weren't the sort of matey friends who kept grabbing each other in one armed hugs, doling out slaps on the back like they were nothing.
The man sitting in front of them has completely stopped reading his paper, although his eyes are still glued to the page as he listens to them.
Why does Sherlock have to be the only one to prop up this marriage?
"John, you remember your recent... favour the two of you did me?"
But this was different. Sherlock's large hand lay unmoving under John's. It was warm and solid and John liked the feel of it there. And John hoped that it somehow managed to convey to Sherlock that things were different now. There were different things on the horizon now. That John wasn't leaving.
With injury came closeness. Intimacy.
He didn’t think he imagined the quiver he detected in the set of Sherlock’s shoulders.
“Oh, god, yes. But just a minute, first.”
all along that Sherlock was sorry. Sherlock had started apologising for this before John knew what had (or rather, hadn't) happened. That wasn't new.
Sherlock smiled at him as he raised his glass. "To the cook."
"When writing up the divorce papers?"
He can feel the mattress jerk when Sherlock turns to look at him. Can hear his mind working as he examines evidence he probably didn't bother examining when he crawled into bed.
Sherlock looks down at John’s hand, which is still resting on Sherlock’s thigh.
Sherlock tries not to look at John too much on the way. Tries not to read too much into his face. Tries not to guess what he’s thinking.
"Ugh. Sorry, that's a mental image I could've done without, thanks."
“Consequences?”
But the moment did happen. John isn't imagining that. Surely not.
"It's fine," John says lightly. "No harm done. They didn't catch us, and you did manage to provide something exciting for my last day as a mental patient. Mission successful, I should think."
Maybe for these few hours – this is okay?
At this short notice they can only get business-class seats, which is just as well for such a long flight. John is quick to order a drink while Sherlock makes do with peanuts.
John felt rather proud of himself for asking this as he and Sherlock did the dishes after dinner. It was a sign that he was moving on from the emotional aspect of his marriage and to the practical. He wasn’t panicking about anything – he was tackling this sensibly.
Hopefully this is enough. Enough not to make John feel abandoned. Enough to make him smile in the middle of the night.
"Bloody barbarians..." Sherlock muttered into his clenched fist.
But then again that family was maybe broken beyond repair when John and Sherlock boarded this plane?
John gave a shaky nod.
Surely the city’s exterminators were in on the thing? He'd heard the Thames was lovely this time of year.
She has some serious nerve.
– like he’s overwhelmed with what’s going on.
Sherlock might even decide that the bed sharing is then not necessary at all, which would be a Very Bad Thing. So John doesn't say anything.
While both of them pondered what would be truly outrageous.
“You can touch,” Sherlock rumbled into John’s ear, “anything you like,” and John could hear himself make an embarrassing half grunt, half moan, as he allowed his hands finally to travel lower, down to Sherlock's arse. Sherlock moaned and whispered into John's ear: “What can I touch?”
“Do good.”
"I'm heading to bed," John says with a deliberate head-tilt towards Sherlock's room. And then waits.
He decides against candles.
"Do you have... Anything? Lube?"
John gripped his wrist harder.
He’s almost asleep when Sherlock whispers again into the silence.
"Well, suspected."
"I thought that was what a relationship was supposed to be?" It’s out before he can stop himself. He’s failing miserably in his vow not to engage with her. "That’s what makes a relationship. A personal connection and a… A sexual connection." He hardly stumbles on the last words – but he does and he knows that she notices.
"Sherlock!" She makes a face and waves the smoke away.
There was no conflict in this. Nothing foreign or alien. Just joy and relief. And arousal. Quite a bit of that.
Exhaled trough his nose.
Sherlock was starting to look vaguely green. John spared a thought to fetching him a basin, but decided against it for now. Vomit on the carpet wasn’t such a big deal compared to figuring out the reason behind Sherlock’s unusual dance with the bottle.
But this last contribution of hers - he doesn't understand that.
For a moment everything was silent in the flat. The slipper was hanging limply from John's hand. Sherlock hadn't moved from his position at the wall, still standing with his legs a shoulder width apart.
He nuzzles John's skin, he sniffs his most private spots, he both nibbles and kisses the flesh. And John has certainly tried -
“No,” says Sherlock slowly. “In that case, no one has died. No one at all.”
John could feel his temper rising.
"He'll be fine," he says anyway. And he knows he will be.
But obviously John went along with it. He said yes to the bearded man whenever he asked anything;  he puckered his lips and endured a quick peck from his new husband, who didn’t even spare John a glance as he scanned the sparse group of people in attendance.
John blindly reaches over and finds Sherlock's hand. Gives it a friendly squeeze, just to tell him that they're good. It's all good.
And Sherlock was staring at John. Maybe even holding his breath.
John feels real and solid. His skin is warm and he smells of cheap whiskey and Rosie and these products he has suddenly started to use in his hair. And it all feels much more…. physical than Sherlock had dared dream.
Sherlock was grateful to Rosie for making regular gurgling noises to jerk him out of these thoughts.
"He's been a mess before." He takes a long drag on his cigarette.
When he walks into his living room and finds a dirty, dishevelled consulting detective on Mary's sofa he simply rubs his temples, gives a short nod and keeps on going into the bathroom where he proceeds to have his customary post-work shower. When he walks out again, he finds Sherlock still in the same position on the sofa.
They haven’t sat this close to each other for ages. Not since before Sherlock jumped.
That's important. Showing that he cares.
Sherlock was making. Christ. They were sounds of disbelief, sounds of interest, sounds of greed. Of course Sherlock would be greedy in this situation, John thought with a gasp, as Sherlock’s lips locked over his pulse point. His eyes fluttered shut and he moaned helplessly when Sherlock slid a hand under his jumper and over his skin.
"Should we tell people?"
The last woman he slept with was Mary. Finding a new girlfriend is a seriously big step (note to self: discuss with Ella).
"Hi," he says as he comes in.
This is worrying on several levels. John doesn't need to list them - they're obvious to anyone who's met either John or Sherlock.
“Have you even considered what has been inside our oven?” Sherlock countered with. “Are you sure you really want to eat anything out of there?”
But that's not the thing that really gets John. The thing that really gets him is the look of... relief? Like the other shoe has finally dropped.
The head-gangster sounds exactly like any other middle-manager in the world and John needs to remind himself that the project they're talking about is murder and mutilation.
John kept waiting for the moment when he’d start freaking out – but it didn’t come. He just wanted more of everything. He wanted to see what kinds of noises he could make his best friend make. He wanted to learn
“You’re not even religious.”
“Oh? So he actually sees you when you’re sleeping, he truly knows when you’re awake?”
His eyes glide away from John, these days. Always focusing on something just to the side of him, a little bit behind him.
Sherlock goes.
“Yeah, okay, don’t be mean.” John reached for his mug of some cinnamon scented holiday blend that Sherlock refused to acknowledge as proper tea. John liked it, though. Not everyone had a metabolism that could handle two cinnamon lattes per day like some lanky gits apparently did.
John wasn't sure when he'd started yelling. He wasn't even sure when he'd stood up from his chair. And he wasn't sure when Sherlock had gone pale.
"There is nothing," he spits out, "that you need to tell me. Just go. Allow us to put this all behind us. Leave us be. He'll be fine."
And in a move that was the most outrageous thing John Watson had ever done – he reached out his hand and touched Sherlock’s cheek with his fingertips.
He needs eye contact for this. He's thought this out. But for it to work out he needs eye contact.
Because that was just the sort of thing you did, working with Sherlock Holmes. You did all sorts of stupid things – although John reserved the right to roll his eyes at them as much as he deemed appropriate.
This wasn't flirting, was it?
It’s a relief to be back in action. The game is on; pray and predator are both in motion.
It isn't much. Clothes, mostly, that he fits in suitcases (he really perfected his shirt-folding during his short stint as an urban cyclist). Kitchen appliances. Books. And in the smallest box of all he fits his wedding album and a small, white teddy bear. As he tapes the box shut he isn’t sure if he'll ever open it again. But he'd like the option.
John mindlessly brushes his teeth and undresses.
Probably not. The marriage has, then, in fact never existed, so the dissolution of it is therefore non-existent as well.
And then it slotted into place. The thing that had been niggling at John all evening.
"You need to tell him, Sherlock."
That was probably why he was staring at Sherlock's hand right now. Because he had some Pavlovian response to hospital beds and handholding, John thought to himself.
John and Sherlock move slowly and silently in the wardrobe, trying to fit themselves together in the tiny space, finding a position that might be sustainable for a while. Because head-gangster out there sounds as if this is going to take a while.
Could he?
"Things will be more complicated for John this time around." She looks worried. Honestly worried - as if John is any of her concern. "Sure, the last time he was plenty conflicted. Survivor's guilt. And lots of... " she waves her hand almost dismissively, "feelings."
Sherlock twitched.
John closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock doesn’t say anything.
But he was here now. He'd just get his information and then retreat. There was no need for Sherlock or anyone to read too much into it.
"Ah," says Sherlock. "An excellent reminder. You tried being his suburban housewife, and look how well that turned out." He gives her a hard look. "Why are you so invested in turning me into the same?"
. Could you just... I don't know. Don't be a prick? I wouldn't want to have to put you on my naughty list.” John winked at Sherlock who ducked his head and... Blushed?
"That's... That's not what I meant."
He feels… well, aroused, mostly. But also quite emotional. The haze of lust does in these, frankly, sordid circumstances not manage to overshadow the magnitude of the moment, the weight of it.
Sherlock’s frown on the other side of the bed.
"Would the two of you grow the fuck up and stop acting like a pair of toddlers?" John could sometimes muster the patience for dealing with people who seemed stuck in a 30 year old relationship rut. This was not one of those times.
He nods as he heads for the shower. When he gets back, Sherlock has already ordered the Chinese food.
“Any of the above?” John said as he stood up and started gathering plates off the table. He carried the plates towards the sink, and when he turned around to fetch the rest he was faced with his best friend, who was looming right in front of him.
Certainly she’s not without her faults – fatal shootings, compulsive lies and poisonings spring to mind – but he likes her. And she knows that she will never forgive him for breaking up her little family.
Sherlock nodded.
“Work what out?” Sherlock’s voice is in absolute neutral mode. He’s pretending to be half-distracted by his phone, but John knows this trick. He’s fairly sure Sherlock’s attention is on the conversation.
to find out?"
Perfectly natural, if a bit embarrassing. Especially if you're sleeping next to the world's most observant man.
The next morning John had slept long enough not to be hung over, which left him free to focus on the knot of unease in his chest.
He’ll just have to give John time to figure this out and find some closure.
"You didn't come up with a better one," Sherlock spat.
His annoyance flares again at the sight of her - clearly Olive ran straight from the room to tattle. Little idiot. Sarah is wearing an expression of soothing understanding and is clearly ready to talk him down from a towering fury. Like he’s an over-excited school-boy.
"Well, in short, there is an unfortunate legal loophole regarding foreign nationals getting married there. It seems there was a small oversight."
“He’s supposed to know things! He’s supposed to…” Sherlock gestured wildly. “What sort of a brother… Ugh…”
The man in front of them has completely given up on his Sudoku and appears to be taking notes from their conversation.  A wannabe writer, then. Delightful.
He stands up and leaves the tube carriage, grabbing the outraged neighbour’s notebook with him as he goes.
A flight attendant walks past them and eyes John’s hand warily. She’s approximately 35 years old, has been doing this job far longer than she initially intended and has started to despair that she’ll ever hold down a “real job” on the ground. She has no future here, no future down there and if there’s one thing she isn’t keen on it is giggling city boys intent on joining the Mile High Club.
His hand drifted towards his trousers, but Sherlock was quicker. He deftly unfastened them and then that huge, nimble hand that John had so often thought about was easing its way into his underwear. John gasped loudly as Sherlock grabbed him and used the opportunity to shift them around, so that John’s back was flush against Sherlock’s chest.
When Sherlock’s mouth starts raining kisses on his neck, John tumbles over the edge. He clenches around Sherlock's finger and comes all over his fist.
And then he stalked upstairs to his bedroom. He had some serious thinking to do - but first he needed to take care of an urgent matter in private.
He hates it when she pretends to be all-knowing like that. She's not. She doesn't know anything about him.
The next morning Sherlock is gone and John doesn't know if he should be furious or relieved. Like so often these days, he settles the matter by not feeling anything at all.
“Sherlock? Um… are you okay?” John stood in the doorway, and looked at his flatmate, lying in a heap on the sofa, clutching a bottle they usually reserved for the end of a particularly good case. It certainly wasn’t a bottle you drank straight out of, which was what Sherlock appeared to have been doing.
“There should be a law… Stopping people from forming nations unless they demonstrate some basic…”
John stretched out his legs towards the fire, feeling happy and content. And although Sherlock wasn’t smiling, there was a twinkle in his eye that showed that he wasn’t bored either.
And John can't help it, he smiles widely as he pushes his hips upwards, and who cares about being gay or straight or whatever? Sherlock wants him. Wants him just as much as John wants him, if the licking and kissing of his neck is anything to go by.
“Demonstrate what?”
Which he, as a health care professional, knows to be a cause for serious concern. He really needs to book a new appointment with Ella. That’s what he’d tell anyone in the same position to do.
Sherlock has managed to tug John’s shirt loose and his fingers steal upwards, towards John’s nipples, even as John wrestles with the button of Sherlock’s trousers.
"I'm not sure," says John, and finally lowers himself back onto his pillow. "Probably. I wasn’t really listening."
John decided to try another tactic.
They are silent on the way to Baker Street. John realises when he sits in the back of the Cab, the traffic gradually slowing the car down, that he hasn't been to the city centre for months. And he's missed it. It feels easier to breathe here. He can feel his focus expanding a bit from his personal hell.
The flight attendant’s covert look and renewed wriggling suggests the same.
“What if you don’t … What?”
He once thought they could be friends, he and Mary. He liked her, like he so rarely liked people. He'd even admired her, when he realised how thoroughly she'd duped him - him! But then he realised that she would leave. And his admiration and his liking of her evaporated. Although he can still see the traits that he admired, he can’t find much warmth in his heart for Mary Morstan.
“Probably safer like this,” he whispers. Sherlock nods, as he leans in for another kiss. He feels more alert, now, able to take in their surroundings. No one seems to have noticed them, but the flight attendant keeps a weather eye on them. The small wiggle of her hips suggests she hasn’t been unmoved by the display.
"A favour to John?" She smiles almost sadly. "I'm not sure John will see it like that. He'll probably wish he could've snapped the handcuffs on me himself, once he finds everything out."
And Sherlock knows all the reasons this is a bad idea. A horrible idea.
"Well, yes, imagine that," John says drily. "Panicking at the murder of your twin. What a wimp."
things, Sherlock. About us. About what we've been doing."
Sherlock made a vow to the both of them the day John made a vow to Mary.
John could feel his breath hitch.
"Go away, Mary," he says wearily. "We have nothing more to discuss."
"Right. Should I call him now, do you think? "Hi, John, this is your best...man, Sherlock. I'm just calling to tell you that I'm not asexual. Tootles!" Something like that? Please, feel free to criticise. This is your script, after all."
His outburst is short, as they usually are. He throws a nearby coffee mug on the floor, yells a few curse words and nurse Olive flees the room. Takes less than 15 seconds all told.
"Oh, Sherlock. I'm a professional through and through." And she grins like a very self-satisfied shark.
"No, something from my inbox. If you're really set on going back to that horrible place tomorrow, we need to do something interesting tonight."
Grown men aren’t supposed to feel phantom aches at the sight of their... Damn it, he doesn’t even know what to call Sherlock in his own mind.  Aren’t people supposed to leave this sort of drama behind in their teenage years?
Mycroft, however, has a name to what had happened to John. Widower. He supplied him with a death certificate and everything. Even a false funeral somewhere far away, where Mary's colleagues could send cards. She didn't know anyone well enough that they'd attempt turning up, Mycroft assured John. There was no empty casket, no priest, no dug up earth. Not like the last funeral Mycroft organized (well, the last one John knew Mycroft organised. Who knew how many of those a man like Mycroft might require throughout the year?) Just an address that accepted the cards.
This time there was no mistaking the hitch in Sherlock’s breath at the last word.
fault," Sherlock interjected.
“Right. Well." John clenched his hand tight and soldiered on. "The thing is. I just wanted to ask, you know. If there was any news. About. You know.”
"You don't find it curious at all," she says with a smile that reminds him of the old Mary. Cheeky and knowing at the same time. "You know exactly why I do it. You know that dropping in and out of an accent for no good reason is a bad idea. You're just deflecting. Badly."
John didn't find that it added to his holiday cheer.
to get divorced?"
It doesn't bear thinking about. He'll need some hint from Sherlock of what's expected. About what's allowed.
Sherlock woke up with a loud gasp of horror. His eyes were wide open now and his breath was deep and fast. But no matter how much air he took in, he still felt like he was drowning. He was shaking over his whole body and the sweat was dripping down his skin.
“Mycroft gave –“
“Why don’t you make me? Make me, Sher. Make me shut up!”
“Sherlock give me the gun, we both know you won't shoot me.” John’s voice was so kind, so soft. Sherlock felt like crying; the drugs did this to him. Making him feel all those emotions that he had usually locked away in his mind palace…
“He wouldn’t leave her alone. I see how he looks at her, like she was his own doughter. He will never say it but I know he loves her and wants to protect her. He wouldn't dare bring drugs in the house now with her exploring each and every corner of it. He even puts his pills on the highs shelf under lock and key so that she could reach them even if she tried. Also I think it will do them good to spend some time together. She always reaches out to him to play with her, but he just dodges her. Now he will have to pay her some more attantion. And also Sherlock needs some more human interaction. Even if it is only with a child.”
The next one will probablybe writen from Sherlocks view :D Leave a kudo or
“It wasn’t supposed to happen! After I stopped Moriarty everything should have been like before I left! After –“
When John came back to Baker Street he was more then 30 minutes late. He was slightly panicking on the inside as Sherlock didn’t pick up his phone when he called earlier to let them know that he was going to be late.
That was when he remembered that John was in the room too. Swiftly he removed his hand from his face and returned to his perfect straight posture. He tried to ignore Johns look, but he knew that John noticed, that John knew. He didn’t know how much his former friend knew, but he knew something and that was more than Sherlock wanted.
“Don’t you think he paid his prize double? He lost Mary one of the rare women he respected, even considered a friend I dare say. But most of all he lost you. Not only that he knew that he let you down! You were his best friend, his first and only friend for a long time. He wanted to protect you, to protect everything you love. Can you really not understend how he felt when he could not hold up his promie?” Mycroft was desperate. His voice was shaky, yet his words felt like knifes to John.
He wanted to laugh and cry at the same time. He had become so pathetic. He didn’t want to be here anymore. He didn’t want to stand up from his bed. He just didn’t want to anymore.
Sherlock could hear John crying in the other room, but he did not care. Or so he at least told himself. John deserved it. He was acting like a dick and for every problem he was facing he would somehow blame it on Marys death. Sherlock could not hear any more of it. He was tired of it. Yet he could not help but feel like he over did it. Was he too harsh on the old doctor? Surely any hope that he had that they could somehow go back to the old days was now completely demolished. He made sure of that with his little speech right now.
“Hello, Dr Watson? Yes, where are you? Your 8:05 is waiting here for good 20 min already and frankly I don’t know what to tell them anymore.”
It’s me again. I know, i know ... even when I’m dead I still haunt you. The last time I spoke to you was thru a CD, but this time I wanted to make it more personal. Well this sounds ridiculous now that I think about it considering I told you to go to hell the last time. But hey I was right, John did save you (or you wouldn’t be reading this), just like I said he would. Ah John, our beloved John … But this time I’m not writing you to safe him. Or to safe anyone for the matter. I’m writing you to ask you for a final favor. I need you to protect the two people that we both love most. I am not there anymore, so I can not protect John from himself or from my past. I can not look after my little darling Rosie, I can’t close her in my arms when she is sad and I can’t sing her to sleep after a bad dream. John will try his best, but we both know John; he will just overwork himself and take everything personally. So I’m asking you Sherlock. Please look out for them. Be by their side, guide them. I know I’m asking a lot of you after everything that you have already done for me. I hope I was able to repay you in some way before I died. And if not I’m sure that John will find a way to repay you instead of me.

“Come on Rosie calm down, it’s all right,” tried Sherlock again, but his voice was shaky and not calming to the little girl at all. His breathing was out of control and he could feel drops of sweat forming on his forehead. His heart was in his mouth and he felt so on edge.
I wish you happy holidays!
“Please John. Just give me 3 more minutes. And if you don’t like what I say you can go and I will not bother you again. But please sit back down.” John stared again at the tiered man.
knew that Mycroft would come looking for me after sometime of radio silence so he kept on moving me - making it hard to pinpoint my location. And yes well you can imagine what was being done to me in the time of my captivity."
“He needs help Mycroft. You need to take him to a facility that can help him. He needs professional help, I’m not good enough this time”
He pulled his phone out of his pocket again and clicked on speed dial.
"Mom?"
“What do you want me to do? SH”
“Step away from me! Do it now John or I will shoot you!” Sherlock’s hand was shaking; his whole body was in fact. He could feel his legs becoming weak and soon enough he started to see stuff that should not be there. “Ow great the drug finally started to kick in” Sherlock said to himself. John looked at Sherlock with his warm eyes and stepped a step closer.
Mycroft was standing in the doorway… He must have heard Johns conversation with his boss – uh ex boss now.
“It was a dream. It was just a dream …” He ran his hand over his stomach where a gaping hole was just a few moments ago. Nothing -  no blood, no pain, no knife. Just his sweaty shirt and his flat stomach. It really was just a dream.
So now he was practically running up the stairs to their flat to see what was going on.
“Mrs Hudson?”
“You don’t understand because you do not listen, you do not think. Did you really think that Moriarty would just kill himself and not have a plan set up? Not have a game for me prepared? He wanted to use you all against me. Make me jump off the building and publicly except my defeat against him or he would have shot you all. He had snipers on all of you the whole time – not even Mycroft could take care of all of them. Moriarty had a whole network or people working for him and when he killed himself he left just one commend behind: to kill you all. But as I officially jumped off the building aka. killed myself the order was terminated. I went in to hiding and used the next 3 years trying to dismantle his network. And let me tell you John it was like a spiders’ web. Beautiful and majestic yet deep and complex. It’s ties went all the way from America to Japan and involved mafias as well as high ranking politicians. Even in death he was still a crime lord. It was hard and time consuming but I managed to destroy his empire bit by bit. In … In Siberia I had to infiltrate what I thought was the Russian mob that was under Moriarys control. I’ve been a part of them for about 4 months when I started suspecting that something might be wrong. Their boss was suppose to come to make us – so the new recruits – a real part of the mob. This is where my carelessness got the best of me.
“Don’t touch me!” Shouted Sherlock again as John was about to help him stand up.
Sherlock stepped closer to her  and dropped on his knees to be in her sight. He slightly petted her on her shoulder and unknowingly mimicked her crying face letting out a quiet cry himself.
“Thank you Doctor. I appreciate it.”
“What? No that's stupid! They can just use blood thinners and wait for the cloth to dissolve,” John almost yelled this out, looking at Mycroft as if he just said the stupidest thing ever.
“Mary would have loved this.”
“How is he?”
“No, no it can’t be! Not again!” Sherlock screamed and tried to back away further. But it had no use for he was standing right in front of him again.
“I see. Did you think about how you are going to tell him?”
“I have a psychologist waiting in front of his room. Also my parent are with him all the time. They don’t want to leave his side again till he wakes up and they make sure that he is ok.”
“They can’t do it. Not without Sherlocks consent.” Said John after a second.
“Lier!” Sherlock cried before he pulled a gun out of behind his back. John was ready to jump at the crazy detective when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
“They tried to put me down too, old friend. I-“ as he was about to look back at his old companion he suddenly saw blood on his hands - holding a dead Redbeared. He jumped away from the gruesome sight, looking around himself in sheer terror.
When Molly saw Johns caller ID on her phone screen she was up till her elbow deep in a corpse of a young male. She thought about letting it go to voice mail, but it had been so long since she last heard of the good doctor. Every time she wanted to go visit something came up – a new body, her mother coming unannounced, her boyfriend dropping her for making a pathology joke every day… Ah so many reasons…
Sherlock looked at the letter and let it tell him its story.
Just before John slipped out the door he lingered for a second and poked his head again in to the room.
“You bloody moron. Listen to me for once! Look at you! Your pale as a sheet, your sweeting, your blood pressure is over the roof and your heard rate is also elevated so much that one would think you just ran a marathon! You won't last even one day awake.” John was getting pissed now. There was nothing that he hated more than a patient who thought that he knew better than his doctor.
“I’m sorry are you family?” John looked at the man with anger in his eyes and was ready to spit something at him when Mycroft intervene.
“I would love to but the psychologist went on a break and I can’t get her on the phone,” said Mycroft with slight distress in his voice.
She just nodded at him as she took one last look at her daughter before she disappeared out of Sherlocks palace.
He took a couple of more deep breaths and then somehow managed to stand up. With his scarf pressed to his face and heavily leaning on the walls and fences he started to walk back to his “home”.
TheKingOffHellLovesYou :*
“Who was that?” asked Sherlock out of the kitchen.
“What are you doing?” he said confused with ruffled hair hanging in his face.
“Shut up-” No he needed to stop replying to them. They were not real.
“I always thought you were useless in all fields, brother dearest, but this surpasses even my expectations.” Spat Mycrofts voice from the other side of the room. This time Sherlock didn’t even bother to look that way. He knew thoes voices were just in his head. A representation of his doubt, his fear.  There was no one else but him and Rosie in this room. No Mycroft, no Iren. Just him and Rosie.
“Sherlock listen to me. There is no other way. We have to do this.” John tried to touch Sherlocks shoulder again but the Detective shrug away this time.
I hope you liked this chapter and if not let me know why in the comments. Also let me know who you think was right in their action (Sherlock or John) - with who do you agree more and why?
“No, nothing like that Molly. Listen can you meet in let’s say 20 minutes or so and we can discuss everything in person.” She did not see John, yet she could tell by his voice that he was desperate for help. His words sounded stiff and concerned like he could beary bring up the energy to put together a logical sentence.
“Sherlock, put down the gun,” John tried to speak as softly and calmly as he possibly could, slowly stepping towards the high detective. Sherlock’s mind was running again, screaming, collapsing in on itself. It felt as if he was trapped in a small room and the walls started to close in on him. Every move, every noise – everything felt so damn loud! The gun in his hand went off again, this time shooting at the window. The glass broke in a loud manner, shattering in to thousand pieces. Sherlock could hear Mrs Hudson whimper in fear and Watson telling her to go downstairs. John, that’s right … he was gone when his mind started to scratch itself raw. Sherlock tried to repress his mind, occupy it with a case, but the case was too easy, the answer so obvious, so obvious! It was the maid, it’s always the bloody maid how come Scotland Yard can never figure that out!
“You called me selfish when all you ever wanted was for me to be only yours. To be your little play-thing. You destroyed me in every way poseable,” spat John again as he pulled the knife out to deliver the final blow.
“Piss off …” said Sherlock as he tried to undo his scarf to use it as a handkerchief to stop his bleeding nose.
“And here comes the withdrawal…” said John silently.
“It’s ok Sherlock I got you. You’re save now.” John wrapped an arm around the shivering detective, but he moved out of his touch.
hissed Sherlock under his breath and took another sip of his tea.
“What makes you think that? MH”
It was a good thing she was sitting or she might have fallen over. All color seemed to fade from her face and her mouth could have hit the ground that’s how wide open it fell.
ONE WEEK LATER
“You don’t have a choice Sherlock! It’s either that or death, and frankly I do not wish to bury my brother!” Now it was Mycroft who was screaming. John had totally forgotten that he was here too. Sherlock look shoot to his brother, this time filled with contempt. Jup jup even in massive pain he still had enough strength to shoot a painful glare at him.
“No, no you’re not real. You’re not! You wouldn’t be that nice to me. I killed her! I killed your wife and you took my arm for it! You’re not him! You hate me.”
“But what if I'm not good enough to protect them? I couldn’t even protect you Mary -” He couldn’t continue as his voice broke. A painted groan escaped him and he closed his eyes again.
“What? Sorry what?” said John as je snapped out of his little train of thought.
“John I don’t want you to move in permanently, but just till Sherlock gets better. Please you know him best, you will most likely know what he will do next. Doctor I have never in my life begged but now I am begging you to help my brother.” Mycroft looked at John with exhausted eyes. He really needed this.
He needed to ask Sherlock about this. If John really wanted to help Sherlock, he needed to know everything. And for that they needed to start with what happened with Sherlock in the 5 years that he was “dead”. John needed to ask the right questions and for once - really listen to the detective.
“You left Rosie with Sherlock? By herself? Do you really think that was smart? I mean, don’t get me wrong, Sherlock is an adult and all but he can act like a child himself sometimes. I’m not sure that he is the best preosn to look after a little human being. Also aren’t you afrait that he might try and run away again? Or try and buy drugs?”
“Come on Sherlock. Brain is the new sexy. Surly you can take care of such a cute little cup cake, can’t you?” The Woman was suddenly standing just a few feet away from him, with a razor sharp smile on her face.
“Sherlock honey how are you feeling?” said Mrs Holmes and gently pet the detectives boney cheek.
“Don’t you think I tried that? I haired the best psychologist that there is in England and Sherlock made him cry within an hour of their session. If Sherlock doesn’t decide to let someone close, I can do nothing. The fact that you managed to find him and convinced him to let you help him is more than I could manage in the last couple of months.”
“Ow come on Sher, be fun. We had so much fun over all those years. Don’t be boring like the rest of them. Play with me.”
“No, I am not good, haven’t been in a long time, but that’s how it is. But I will get better with time. So that Rosy can have a good father, so that Sherlock has a friend that he deserves and so that I can be a man that I can look at in the mirror without wanting to smash it to pieces. From today on I will stop dwelling on the past. It is done, I can not help it. From today on I will be the man Mary wanted me to be. The man I could be. For her and for him” he said and glanced at the door of Sherlocks room. He will make things right again. He will help Sherlock and in the process maybe even become someone who does not wish to blow his brains out every morning.
“Ow well you know. The morgue is not excektly a place where you take your child to. So I left her home with Sherlock.” Molly was lucky she did not yet take a sip of her drink or she would have spat it out now.
Sherlock finally gets home and thats the first time he really realizes what has happened to him.
After John managed to settle Sherlock in to his old bed, he decided that it is time to have a talk with Mycroft. They had to figure something out about this whole situation. John could not come running every time Sherlock decided to go crazy on everything. John had a life, a daughter, a job! God, he hoped he still had a job – he missed another shift because of the whole Sherlock hunt.
He wanted to leave and go home to Baker street. But was it really home now that John wasn’t there?
“But there is a chance. I take it. You are not cutting off my arm” said the young Holmes again.
“John? … John why did you let them do this?” Sherlock was standing in front of him in his typical white shirt but this time something was off. Slowly a red color started to spread from where his right arm should have been, soon coloring the whole sleeve into a dark red.
“Well you did do it.” Said Sherlock before John could finish. Sherlock aimed the gun at John and before he could react a shot was fired.
The once so mighty and godlike detective looked nothing like himself right now. He was pale, his face a mess of tears and dirt. His eyes were blood shot, his body trembling like an earthquake from the cold. He was wearing nothing but his hospital gown which provided him zero protection from the cold November weather. His feet were cut open in multiple places and bloody. On his streched out arm was dried blood and a deep flash wound where the IV needle was ripped out. John could not see how the state of the amputated arm for it was covered with the hospital gown, but he could only hope that none of the stiches ripped.
“Sherlock honey John did what he had to to save-“
“They play with their luck. What if he –“before John could finish his sentence a gruesome scream came from down the corridor. John didn’t even think before he started to run towards the source of the scream. Or better said scream
Hello my loved ones!
As soon as she heard Sherlocks name she dropped everything she was doing and was hanging on her phone.
“Listen up you little half ass of a doctor. I suspect you just came off medical school, and you probably never intubated a person in your life. Now this man need to be intubated because his he could suffocate on his own puke if I don’t put this tube in. Now this is hard enough to do by itself so if you keep on distracting me I swear I will break your bloody nose.” John was saying this as he was still trying to get the tube down Sherlock throat. The young doctor didn’t say anything … he just nodded at the nurses as to say to follow Johns lead. Everything moved very quickly after that. John could see that a nurse hung an extra IV on the stand next to Sherlock and another one administered the naloxone. Soon after that John managed to insert the tube and so he was able to pump oxygen in the detective. After a few seconds he ceased to shake and the machines stopped their frantic beeping.
Suddenly a plate fell to the ground and made a loud rattling sound that tore Sherlock back to reality. Instinctively he pulled his arm over his head, tying to protect it as if he was going to get hit again. His whole body was tense and his breath hitched. When his eyes managed to analyze the situation it was obvious that little Rosie just thru the plate off her table. He was in no danger; no one was going to hurt him here … Right?
It was the old building in which John killed a man to save Sherlock.
John was looking at the detective with a face of stone. But Sherlock could see the pain his words caused the poor doctor. “This is the part where you say you’re sorry.”
“Patient came to us unresponsive, but regained conscious after about 3 minutes. Patient is confused and feels sick. Suspected concussion. Multiple lacerations on upper back – poseable cause: whipping. Deep partial-thickness (aka. second degree) and full-thickness (aka. third degree) burns on lower back. Signs of serious infection (redness, smell and pus)– recommended treatment with strong antibiotics and later the use of a skin graft. Serious third degree burns on both feet: recommended removal of the dead flash and replacement with skin graft. Multiple bruised and broken ribs. Patient seems to be having trouble breathing – sound of breading is not well audible. Suspected water in lungs. Visible needle injections points on inner right arm and in the back of the knee. Burned off fingertips of the right index, middle and ring finger. Suspected multiple breaks of bones in both arms … Shall I go on, or are you ready to talk to me?“ said John and finally looked up from the file to see a look on Sherlocks face that he had not yet seen before. It was a mixture of shame and pain. John was taken aback by it, not really sure on how to proceed.
“That’s enough John. That’s enough for today. I can’t any more -“
The file on Sherlock was sitting on the little coffee table next to him. He knew that he had to read it, he promised Mycroft but he was afraid to do so. He was afraid of what else he would find out about Sherlock. John saw the Detective as a cold and calculated machine for so long now, it was freighting to learn that man was still nothing more but human with a lot of psychological problems. John always thought that he was the mentally weak one. Sherlock was always so strong, or at least he seemed to be.
“You don’t understand what’s it like to have a mind like mine. It keeps on raging; never stopping, always looking for something new to chew on or it starts to eat itself! The nightmares that I have off all the terrible things stored in my palace! You don’t know how I hate how the sun shines throe the window in the morning! How images of death flash before my eyes each and every day, just because for one moment I forget to control my mind! How many times has my mind imagined you dead! You think having a mind like mine is a gift? It’s nothing but a bloody curse!” Sherlock feels his finger press against the trigger. His breath becoming deeper and slower.
“I just talked to the doctor, and he agrees that the slow decay of the clot is a stupid idea with a way to big risk factor. He just went and put Sherlock in a coma. We can start the amputation in an hour if you just sign this paper.” Said John and handed Mycroft a document.
Sherlock wanted to wake up. Escape this darkness and go back to his John. But was John still there? The last time he saw him he screamed at him right? He can’t remember clearly because the pain was so strong it massed with his mind. He was barely himself when they talked, but he remembers Johns eyes. His piercing blue eyes that have seen so much horror that it made them look rough (yet lovely to him). Was it foolish of him to still hope that John saw him as a friend?
“Could you go and talk to a nurse, please? You are a doctor they will tell you more than me. You know where to press to get the answer you want.” Said the broken Holmes brother fast, feeling another wave of tears burning in his eyes.
“You let down John.”
“Jesus, Sherlock! You will be fine. And if anything happens you will just have to deal with it, cause I have to go and I don’t have time to find a nanny. This will be good for you both. You will get to know each other, spend a little time together. So have fun!” as he said this he slipped on his jacket and out the door he went. He could hear Sherlock shouting something behind him but he did not care. He had to go and get what Sherlock so desperately needed. As he stepped out on the street he pulled his phone out of his pocket and dialed a number.
Hello My Love!
“John … Why you -“ The knife twisted and Sherlock winced in pain.
“That basted tired to kill Sherlock with an overdose, and since we all knew that Sherlock was using again it would not have been a surprise if he would have died. No one would have suspected that Sherlock was killed we would just call it an accident or suicide. He was lucky that you came in when you did, or Sherlock really would have died. We found little cameras in the room, supposable placed by Sherlock so we have proof of what that bastard did… he even kind of confessed to everything too. He is going away for a long time.”
“He … He was a boy I once met.” Said Sherlock and after a second continued to walk to his room.
“I don’t care I want him gone!” he screamed at his mother who tried to defend poor little John. She was about to try again, but John just raised his hand a little – signaling that is ok.
“Redbeared?” He said with a broken voice. He leaned down and pushed his finger thru the dogs fur. His finger slipped thru it and soon he felt the warm, wet brush of a tongue up against his cheek.
“Now now Sherlock don’t be so hard on little old John. I mean sure he hates you, who doesn’t?, but remember that he had his reasons. You were the one who killed his wife after all.” Sherlock’s head shot up at the familiar voice but when he looked around no one was in the room with him. The door was still closed, the windows shut – no way that he could really hear him.
She did not say anything back. She just sent him a small smile before he disappeared out the door. The smile was small but it did come from the heart, so much John was sure of. :D
“He’s right… you could never shoot him … Not John, not your beloved friend …” Sherlock looked at the man behind John, eyes wide open. “Don’t you dare get close to him!” Sherlock screamed and fired a shot at Moriarty, the bullet flying just pass John’s head.
the hand on his shoulder tightened its grip on him. He was panicking even harder now. He could not take another year of torture; hell he couldn’t even take one more week of it. And the constant fear of John being brought back here to be killed in front of him. No, no that can not happen!
“That’s right. Come back to me, Sherlock. Come back …” said John again with a soft, quite voice. Soon Sherlock could make out John’s piercing blue eyes and his soft face features. He felt so relieved – he was not back in Siberia; he was in London – he was home. He leaned forward to rest his head on Johns shoulder and to truly catch his breath again. Drops of sweat were slipping down his face and it still felt hard to breath but Johns body warmth and his smell made it easier for Sherlock to determent that this was real. That this wasn’t just a day dream that he would have in Siberia in between the torture sessions.
As John finished speaking their eyes met and something shifted in the room. Something in the wording, something in the touch, something tilted.
Bloody hell, If Sherlock managed to get himself killed before the dissolution of the marriage John would become a real, honest to god widower.
John rubbed his temples.
He doesn't remember any of the journey home, but he knows that when he gets there he's furious to find the flat empty.
Molly won’t say no.
“It’s pronounced “meme,” John. The es are like the ones in “genes.” We’ve been over this. I can’t have a
And Christ, it's better than it has any right to be. There is more electricity in that kiss than in... Than in anything John has done with another person, ever.
John has stopped taking the sleeping pills, useless as they were. He sometimes gets nightmares, but they're not as bad when he's not alone.
"So? It’s not like you’ve got an STD or I would know, you can’t get me pregnant and I’m...
"If John is shopping then what are those? Please tell me he hasn’t got you running back here whilst he has a leisurely walk through the high street?" Sherlock’s teeth were grinding so hard together you could hear it through in the living room or in the hallway as the case was when Mrs. Hudson came wandering in.
John was behind that door with their baby, their new-born baby daughter and it was that realisation that made Sherlock forget everything else in the world. No more Moriarty, no more Fall, no more network, it all came crashing away and he moved forward to head into the room that held his husband and his daughter only to be stopped by a hand on his arm.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
After a moment of trying to get their breath back, Sherlock shifted them so they were on their sides and pushed one arm beneath John’s head as a makeshift pillow while the other slid over to stroke John’s stomach in a soothing gesture.
"Single ring" John stated.
"No, I can't leave London at the moment. Far too busy. Don't worry, I'm putting my best man on to it." Sherlock said seriously and then strode over to John patting him on the shoulder.
something but still the idea of some kind of crazy, monster, dog roaming the moors of some arsey little town in the middle of nowhere seemed highly unlikely.
"No, I don’t. Sentiment?"
The file also included information about the village he was going to, Sherlock just nodded and passed the time reading through the file until they reached their destination, where upon Sherlock got out to switch into the Audi Mycroft had acquired him for his journey.
"Might not have to." Then the person on the other end of the phone answered and Sherlock’s whole demeanour changed to one of forced sincerity.
?" Sherlock sneered at him.
"Pass Please." He asked and Sherlock reached into his coat and pulled out a card to hand to the man.
’ he put the cup on a saucer and strode over to John’s side with it, John who had been so deep in thought that he started when Sherlock appeared beside him with a suspicious looking cup.
"Better get going, actually. There’s a train that leaves in half an hour, so if you want ..." Sherlock trailed off and winced when he saw realization dawn on John’s face as the man slowly turned his head away.
"You ever seen it? The Hound?" John asked and Sherlock’s eyes narrowed when the big Alpha leaned into John a little bit.
I hadn’t taken any birth control but you
"John?" There was only a nod in response and Sherlock pushed himself up and kicked open the door behind him, sliding out. John was still on his knees, staring at the seats as Sherlock cleared his throat and paced with his hands in prayer stance at the side of the car.
"Thank you." Sherlock replied and smiled smugly at John as he eased the car through the gates.
bloody train journeys.
Plus Sherlock had said he hadn’t seen anything either and he was with Henry so John could only assume that the poor man was just so traumatised from the ordeal he had suffered as a child, that he was seeing things.
"How about a nice cuppa and perhaps you could put away your harpoon?" She asked kindly but Sherlock just mumbled something about 7% before whirling around to point his harpoon at Mrs. Hudson making her jump and then started deducing her morning she shared in the company of Mr. Chatterjee, making the old Alpha uncomfortable.
voice and
Sherlock had thoroughly enjoyed the little nuzzling match he and John had shared, he had lost himself in John’s lovely sweet, woodsy scent that was still laced with his own spicy, musky one and the softness of his greying blonde hair against his face, he never wanted to pull back from that moment but the sun had set and they had work to do. In parting, just to make sure that John knew his affection was genuine he had laid a soft kiss on John’s left shoulder, the one he had so needlessly slammed into the wooden frame outside and slipped the ointment into his hand before leaving.
When he’d strode inside '
"Sentiment." John confirmed and Sherlock gave a forced groan and sat down beside him facing the pub. That was when something popped into John’s head.
pregnant, Sherlock couldn’t
"John." Sherlock said firmly to the man, giving him a gentle shake.
must've happened to his father but it was clear there was nothing truly interesting here, just some delusion dreamt up by a child that had stuck his brain and carried on into adulthood.
"Nope but then you’re the first Alpha I’ve ever let go all Dom on me before." John confessed and Sherlock gave a pleased growl making John smile.
him all day, even before they’d left London he had been rude and callous and
shop. Sherlock Watson-Holmes was now surrounded with baby grows, stuffed animals, cribs and this was just
"What did you see?" Sherlock asked impatiently when Henry started prattling again.
"Yes – if you’d ever bothered to find out. Look, I’m not your handler and I don’t just do what your brother tells me." Greg said as if he was fed up, John understood that, Mycroft’s interference had a habit of pissing you off. Still maybe he could make Greg feel a bit included in their little investigation.
shop, but this shop wasn’t a normal shop... it was a
"Mm-yes- and we should-make good- on that-" John said in between little pecks to Sherlock’s lips, they shared one last deep kiss and then Sherlock pulled away completely to get into the driver’s seat.
, a crack ran along the side of the bath, a chunk of the sink was missing and the toilet seat had been ripped off and was in three separate pieces on the floor, not to mention the granite counter surrounding the sink had some...
?" Sherlock spat the DI’s name like it was the most disgusting thing he’d ever tasted and squeezed John hard against his chest. John was
’, making the possessive Alpha in Sherlock hum in pleasure. Sherlock cleared his throat and took another discreet sniff at his scarf, much better.
"These records go back nearly two months." They heard Lestrade muse and looked back over to table, Gary was clutching Billy’s hand tightly in his own to comfort his Omega, and it was understandable considering the ginger man was trembling slightly.
"Hello boys! What can I do for you?" He called out cheerfully and Sherlock just gave John a look that said ‘
"But quite quickly." Henry lowered his napkin and started his inane story about the 'Devil' tearing his father apart and where John looked at him concerned and confused all at the same time, which was endearing really, Sherlock remained sceptical and indifferent.
It wasn’t until he was back in the safety of Mycroft’s car that he realized in hindsight that falling, making John watch and watching John grieve at his graveside were all easy but walking away just now from his new born daughter and her father that was the hardest thing he’s ever done in his life and the truth is he really hadn’t expected it to be, funny that.
“ETA two minutes, Mr. Watson.” Willis confirmed and sure enough two minutes later Sherlock was climbing out of the helicopter and being bundled into a black car where Anthea was sitting, typing away on her phone.
"Oh!" John cried and wrapped his arms tight around Sherlock’s waist when the man started up a quick and hard rhythm, hands stroked up and over skin and grabbed at clothing, lips brushed and sucked bruises on pale skin, and nails tore at a tan neck leaving long red marks. It wasn’t long before both of them were on the verge of climax, that was until Sherlock stopped and pulled off.
"Oi! We’re here!" The cabbie called and John startled awake in Sherlock’s arms, he glared at the loud man, if only he had his riding crop. John pulled away from Sherlock and looked at him confused, Sherlock just smiled and gestured for him to get out of the cab.
It was the heat; that’s what the difference was, John had read about this in medical journals but never actually experienced it himself. It wasn’t that Sherlock had gotten stronger, it was that John had gotten weaker, his body sensed that the Alpha pinning him was displeased and wanted submission, it didn’t matter that John’s brain was saying ‘
"Well, it was the only possible solution."
Sherlock could smell it as he climbed the stairs, although they were clearly using some scent masking medication because he couldn’t quite pin point a proper scent, just something...
"Is that it? It’s not exactly proof, is it?" Fletcher frowned and then showed the picture to John, who bent forward slightly to see it, the Alpha holding the phone looked pleased until Sherlock opened his mouth again.
"Yes in a TV Interview, I prefer to do my own editing." He replied still in a bored tone and Henry smiled shyly and shifted again.
"I thought you said that if you took birth control this would stop happening?" Sherlock rumbled coldly, playing with the keys, his back still turned.
, we’ll do it my way. You’re skin has flushed a disconcerting colour of white telling me you have had a shock, Your eyes are darting and avoiding mine unconsciously which suggests that the shock is something that pertains to us both and you have reluctance to tell me, also there is a thin sheen of sweat dampening your skin indicating nervousness which is confirmed by the trembling in your left hand which I
"I can explain." Sherlock squeaked and John burst out laughing and jumped up to wrap himself around Sherlock.
"No!" John yelped again, struggling against Sherlock’s hold but no matter how much John twisted, kicked and clawed he couldn’t get free, Sherlock just flattened his body against John’s and growled louder. Since when was the skinny bastard so strong?! John and Sherlock had fought before but Sherlock was never nearly this strong so what the hell was going on? That was when Sherlock’s scent increased and a tingle spread through John’s muscles and he went boneless.
"I’m just getting a towel then I’ll be back." Sherlock assured and tugged free of John’s grip making the man whine but Sherlock ignored him in favour of heading for that towel he promised, before he reached for the fluffy blue thing he reached over to pull the plug in the bath, knowing John would shout at him for leaving it where he in his right mind but when Sherlock stepped through the door back into the bedroom, three things happened.
"Ah! You'll come down then?" The young man asked excited and Sherlock felt like having a little bit of fun with his blogger and finally getting to the bottom of his earlier desperation.
“Did you see her? Beut’ful isn’t she?” Sherlock smiled back and nodded.
"Then why didn’t you tell me about your heat?" Sherlock huffed, loosening his hold on John. The Omega sighed in defeat and licked at Sherlock’s neck, he wanted Sherlock to be as relaxed as possible when he answered his question. The Alpha hummed in pleasure at his Omega’s attentions and returned the affection by nuzzling John’s soft hair. When John was satisfied that Sherlock was relaxed and pliant enough that he wouldn’t have another attack of aggression he stopped licking and nuzzled under Sherlock’s ear.
"Mm. I don’t take sugar..." Sherlock pulled the kicked puppy face again and John relented and continued drinking.
Sherlock did as he was instructed and drove straight through to the main building and parked as close as possible so there wouldn’t be much of a walk, or run as the case may be, to the car. Once certain that the car was parked in a permitted space he and John jumped out to proceed into the main building, John still grumbling about getting shot. Hm. Paranoia, however justified in this case, was another sign of heat, perhaps John was closer to heat than either of them thought, Sherlock hoped not, it wouldn’t do for John to start lubricating in the middle of Baskerville; every unbonded Alpha within a mile radius would tackle him. Bad train of thought, Sherlock scolded himself and barely managed to stifle the growl threatening to escape his lips, he discreetly dropped his head to sniff at his scarf again and push away the possessive thoughts. God, this was getting ridiculous now.
"Well, you’re gonna lose your money, mate." He taunted and Sherlock narrowed his eyes.
"So that’s what it feels like." Sherlock huffed a laugh at himself, just before he walked out the door he saw something blue from the corner of his eye and turned to look, Sherlock smiled when he realized what it was that had caught his eye and he just couldn’t resist picking it up, he was positive he had enough money in his wallet to buy this and still get a cab home so he weaved his way through the aisles, watching out for his husband so he wouldn’t see him, after all John wouldn’t let him live this down. He would play it cool and plant the item in one of the many bags John was sure to stumble in with later, his mate would just assume that he had bought it and wouldn’t suspect a thing. Genius!
“Not your first time flying in one of these then?” Willis laughed when they took off but Sherlock once again ignored him, Willis tried a number of times to engage Sherlock throughout the journey but after the first hour realized that the man wasn’t interested in speaking so spent the rest of the journey in silence. Sherlock just kept his eyes locked on this passing scenery and tried his best not to snap at the pilot to go faster but with every second that past Sherlock was becoming more and more anxious and tense like a bow string.
?!" He asked incredulously instead of clearing his throat nervously.
"Me? Naw. Fletcher has." Both Sherlock and John followed the man's gaze when he gestured to the young Alpha still talking on his phone outside, the smell of aroused Omega hit Sherlock again and he sniffed discreetly at the air, secretly salivating over the delicious, sweet scent coming from John. Even if it did bother him to no end that John was reacting to another Alpha he couldn’t deny how delicious the scent was.
"No, no, I just, I need... I
"I told you, he practically
"Easy. I put it there, hardly my fault if you didn’t notice." Sherlock huffed and pushed a lubed up finger into his arse. John nearly swallowed his tongue watching his lover finger himself and reached one hand down to undo his trousers and pull his leaking cock out, Sherlock who was now up to three fingers and drooling down his front, tossed John the bottle he still had clutched in his hand.
"John I need some, get me some." He ordered and John shivered inside at the order but resisted complying, it wasn’t easy for most Omegas to resist a direct order from an Alpha but John had years of practice and a military career behind him so he was used denying Alphas.
"What?"
. The thought of it turned Sherlock’s stomach but one must do what one must do... later though, much, much,
What if John had gone to the Hollow to prove that the Hound didn’t exist?
"Of course, I’ll just check what’s available. Oh! By the way, just in case of anything ‘
"Let me explain what happened and then if you still want to gut Greg like a fish, I’ll let you, okay." He negotiated soothingly placing kisses all around the base of Sherlock’s neck and collarbone.
"Looks like it." Sherlock answered making John frown.
scent was now twined around the other man’s meaning everyone, even a Beta, would know
"Secret supply? What've you done with my secret supply?!" He asked her frantically and she looked at John confused.
"What?" John huffed but Sherlock just ignored him in favor of draping himself back on the couch, one long pale leg tossed over the back, the other reaching up to slide over John’s shoulder and pull him down between the spread appendages. John knew what Sherlock wanted and secured the leg over his left shoulder, guiding himself back into Sherlock  before bending over so he was nearly flat against Sherlock’s chest.
John on the other hand was overjoyed with the momentary peace that had befell him, now don’t misunderstand the situation, the Omega could never deny how much he loved his and Sherlock’s adrenaline fuelled life but sometimes he could really go for a lie in and a Full English in the morning so that’s what he did for the better part of three weeks, it was such a shame that today was the day his lovely peace would finally end, beginning with a text.
When John started walking away looking like a kicked puppy, Sherlock’s instinct to go over and comfort the Omega, to wrap him in his arms and lick at his neck soothingly was overwhelming so he had pulled his scarf up over his face and breathed in deep the lingering scent of John, the urge disappeared and had smirked to himself and pulled out a can of air freshener he had snatched from behind the bar, to get rid of any lingering stink of sex from the car.
"What did you see?" Sherlock asked bored and Henry shifted nervous of the Alpha speaking to him, God what was it about Omegas and nervousness? Molly was the same and it irritated Sherlock to no end, this was why he never bothered with them, honestly who would want a simpering pile of submissive boredom catering to there every whim without question or challenge? John was Omega and
Speaking of John, the Doctor and his interviewee were gone and it looked like they had been gone for some time, Sherlock frowned and glanced at his watch, it was 12:34am, the last time he had looked it had been 9:15pm, hm. He wondered if John had managed to get any interesting data from his time speaking with the therapist, suddenly a horrible thought entered his mind. What if when he wasn’t looking, John and Louise had hit it off properly? What if they had decided to have an ‘
"I'm not sure you can help me Mr Holmes since you find it all so
"Oh God. It was you.
“Sh’lok is ‘at you?” Sherlock turned back slowly and locked eyes with drugged, sleepy ones.
got you well trained hasn’t he?” Mycroft rolled his eyes and cocked an eyebrow when Sherlock glared at him over his shoulder.
"Any long-term effects?" Sherlock smiled gently and rested his free hand on John’s tummy, stroking gently.
He reminded himself that his heat was due in the next week so it wasn't uncommon for him to have these kind of thoughts, still it wasn't practical to have them about Mr
"What are
"I’m sorry if I frightened you at the pool Sherlock, it’s just... bad memories." John struggled and Sherlock held him tighter.
"Yeah. What?" He asked as he trailed behind but Sherlock couldn’t give him a straight answer as usual.
"Eh?"
"Why would I tell you if I did? ‘Scuse me." He said and started to get up but stopped when the scent of a pre-heat Omega hit his nose and he looked up just in time to see John striding over with a drink.
had been a disaster.
John groaned in exasperation and pushed himself up into a proper sitting position, swinging his legs around so they were dangling outside the open door. He could play that scene over and over in his head all he liked but John knew he’d never understand what was going through Sherlock’s mind, which left the question; what was going through
"Hmm?" He muttered sleepily and Sherlock planted a kiss on his forehead.
! Wasn’t that just adorable! Sherlock dug his thumb nail against his thigh to try and regain some equilibrium, too afraid he'd be noticed if he ducked his head down to sniff for John’s scent on his shirt.
No, it wouldn’t, he was right the smarmy bastard.
"Dr. Tyler says you can head back in now, you’re test results are back." Sherlock made a frustrated noise and was about to resume his bitch-fit but kept his mouth shut when John shot him a look of warning when they stood to make their way back to examination room.
"What?" John asked again
"Sherlock... I’m also upset because I know that
of all people had shared one of John’s heats, it didn’t matter that back then Sherlock had no interest or knowledge of John’s heat and it didn’t matter that he had been disgusted by the very thought of being involved in one. All that mattered was
"What do you mean ‘I am’? You can’t even drive!" John yelled, pulling the keys out and shoving them in his pocket as he leaped back out of the car.
! Sherlock gulped noisily in the car and he breathed in again, he saw John’s neck twitch with the resistance of not turning to look over at him and frowned. The hell was wrong with him?
It only took John fifteen minutes to do his packing, it was rather soothing actually, the repetitive motions of folding clothes helping to calm him down and make him realize he’d been acting like a 50 year old woman. It wasn’t Sherlock’s fault that John was so sensitive, the poor Alpha had never dealt with an Omega on the verge of heat before and he had no desire to either, John couldn’t stay upset over that.
." John finished and nodded, Gary let out a tut and turned to look at John apologetically.
"No, not now, okay." John murmured and left quickly. Sherlock groaned and sat down on the bed, he hadn't meant to hurt John, he really didn't but he wasn't used to '
"Yeah you do!" Sherlock’s brows furrowed when he sat down and he and John looked at each other for a moment before bursting into peals of laughter, something neither man thought they’d ever do again after what had happened that day. When the laughter ended Sherlock looked over to John who had his head tilted back, breathing heavily, face flushed and face relaxed. He looked beautiful. The soft smile that had rested on Sherlock’s face as he’d watched the Doctor slowly fell and he reached over to rest his hand on John’s leg.
"Why? What happened last night?" Henry spun around to look at Sherlock.
"Oh, sorry, so you're not coming then?" He asked trying to understand the situation, Sherlock took this opportunity to pointedly direct an over exaggerated, put upon pout towards John, the bastard. It took John a second before it dawned on him what Sherlock was doing and he sighed.
“Yes.” Sherlock jumped at the sound of his own voice and snapped his eyes to John to make sure he hadn’t alerted his grieving mate to his presence behind the cover of trees; he hadn’t. John was too absorbed in his grief to hear anything around him, Sherlock winced at the guilt that flooded his heart, he knew what he had done was wrong, making John watch as he jumped to his supposed death but it had to be done, all this hurt had to happen, he was doing it
"Mmm. Wait 'til she finds out about the one in Islamabad." He drawled and John snickered and got in the taxi with their bags, closely followed by Sherlock.
Sherlock wasn’t sure if the drive to Henry’s was strained or not, the silence between them wasn’t exactly awkward, especially with John chipping in every once and a while to break it but there was...
"That’s fine." John replied quickly, scolding himself for his lack of control, then something dawned on him about the way Gary had said '
"Suppose I'll just leave breakfast then." John sighed and instead clicked the kettle, after making sure there were no toes floating inside of course and avoided looking at the disgusting body part on the table, even when attached feet gave John the Heebie Jeebies so a dismembered one without any toes was just very...
"Oooh Oooh!" Mrs. Hudson called as she walked in, Sherlock ignored her greeting and just got straight to the point.
"Can you walk?" Sherlock questioned and John nodded but didn’t let go of Sherlock so Sherlock shifted them around so he could put a steadying arm around John’s shoulders and keep one of the man’s arms around his waist.
“Yes, she is.”
"No."
"John-" He began without thinking but John just grinned at him.
, there will
. Mind made up, Sherlock pulled out his phone.
It was just a shame that a certain consulting criminal was busy planning something else for their future at that very moment, after all...
