“Did she really. Nice ones?”
Sherlock’s phone buzzed in his hand.
John grunt-laughed aloud.
Would that I could tell you, my darling dear, all that you signify and all that you embody. How your sturdy arms about me give me shelter and how your smile stings my heart with joy. That your hot-breathed whispers melt me in an instant, and that your growling utterances tingle me with shivers.
“Sorry. Perhaps insisting I buy her this and then refusing to drink it is acting out? If so, it’s a somewhat disappointing choice of method.”
“A bit of meandering, but she was asleep when I left her.” Sherlock shrugged gently, then sipped though he knew it was premature. John adjusted his wristwatch.
“Turn around,” John low-growled, and patted the desk top. “Sling a knee up here for me.”
“Right.” Sherlock nodded, even faked a grin. “I imagine your wife would appreciate that. Both of those.”
“Make something showing all the people in your family. I want to make a sign.”
“I do all right,” Sherlock fired back, and turned to scan the promised cluster of gays seated around tables littered with bottles and glasses, a few handbags and half-gone plates of appetizers. “Here,” he demanded. “Come sit. We’ll meet people.”
“And here is something Rosie drew this morning during a free period.”
“I wouldn’t have wished it another way.” Sherlock was naked in the hotel bed, in the dark except that the window curtains were still open for ambient city light.
“John.”
“You made them?” Sherlock asked. They were beginning to pile up across their laps, and on the quilt around them. “Heavens, how many?”
“Will she sleep through the night?” Sherlock wondered. Their voices were hushed, and the only background sounds were the occasional, distant whoosh of a passing car in the street below. John killed the overhead fluorescent as he left the kitchen to join Sherlock in the lounge; the dim of lamplight better suited the scene.
“Was chatting with Lulu’s mum a bit, earlier,” he offered, motioning to the other side of the park, where the woman sat on a bench with a paperback novel in her hands, marking her out as part of John and Sherlock’s can’t-get-used-to-reading-on-a-phone age cohort. “Couldn’t for the life of me remember her name. What is it?”
“For oh, so many reasons.” Sherlock leaned forward and passed a business card to the driver. “This address; thank you.”
, maybe.”
Sherlock shrugged, bent his mouth into a small smile. “It’s no trouble.” He shut the folder and lay it on the small cabinet beside him. “Drink?”
“Dadda, pretend it was Christmas and did you know if you leave a present for Santa he will still leave you presents? But if you leave a chocolate rabbit for the Easter Bunny he will say you already have a chocolate bunny so he won’t leave you one. So please don’t give me any chocolate rabbits at Easter before then.”
“My mum was a wolf?”
“Their Christmas is coming just in a few days. Pretend it’s nearly Christmas.”
“Can I get sweeties?”
“That’ll do,” John said at last, and the two looked at each other with the half-lidded, grinning giddy expressions of recently-spent lovers. “All right?”
“I’m calling Sherlock,” she announced, some weird taunt in it.
Sherlock sipped at his wine, then again, and set it aside. “You’re talking to doctors tomorrow?”
“If I didn’t think it would break her heart, you’d never see her again, Sherlock.” He shook the letter at him. “After this.” He threw the packet of paper down and away, and it scraped its edges against the floor as it came to rest under a chair. “You can’t have her.
Another variable to weigh was the wonder and disaster of their shared history, perhaps in the end a bit of a draw, tilting toward better because it worked on multiple levels (romantic, platonic, working, addictive) and because of Rosie, who had turned them from two selfish monsters into two less-selfish monsters with a common object of obsessive love. That was the context.
“We’ll pencil in a start for you when we get out west. Six games between now and then. Focus up, no risk of getting hurt, or of damaging your stats. . .just do the work and I know you’ll be ready.”
“Mm, you gorgeous man,” he mused, and Sherlock did not want to hear his voice, let alone sweet endearments. Inside his head, he was being manhandled and misused, and definitely not being told he was gorgeous.
“And then. . .” he grimaced, an expression of embarrassed disappointment in himself. “Then instead of speaking up, I just hung on to resenting it.” He made claws with his fingers, illustrating. “Felt righteous and martyred. All those healthy things.” He shook his head at himself, then let go a little laugh. “All this therapy’s making me. . .I don’t know the word for it.”
Trouser fastenings were eventually tugged open, half the shirt buttons undone, and they clung hard, gripped tight, even as they wrestled into place. John was un-gentle with one of Sherlock’s nipples, teeth and pinching fingers rolling and scraping. Sherlock thrust his hands into the back of John’s trousers and kneaded hard enough to bruise. A quick fumble in the same old drawer, groaning kisses with wet, open mouths, and in moments John was thrusting against him, their hands in the way, dripping slick, knuckles bumping. Sherlock’s shoulder was pinned under John’s strong palm, fingers digging hard between the bones. Raw-throated, carelessly loud, they fucked like first-night strangers: selfish, unfamiliar, and wordless.
Rosie took John by the hand and pulled him toward the stairs to her room.
“My pleasure,” John grinned at him. “I’m already thinking about the next time.”
“No,” John agreed, condescending. “I didn’t say you would. I said a journey into your mind palace makes you just as absent as if you had gone out the door and down the road. And while you were there, Rosie got so ill you ended up in Casualty.”
“I’m not trying to get in your head, Holmes,” Raynham tried to reassure him. “I just want to make sure we’re looking at everything.”
He waited for a response, knowing it might not come immediately. The fingers of his left hand were tingly and itching, and he pocketed the phone to massage and stretch them. It didn’t help. He stood and began to pace a wide loop around the schoolyard’s edges. He tried to think of things other than the hateful letter and its attached plea for the court—or a magistrate in debt to Mycroft Holmes, at any rate—to grant Sherlock an adoption of Rose. Common sense and basic knowledge of law would have him believe it impossible; the courts didn’t let people just go around adopting any child they wished to. Even in his own case, foster carers who’d expressed a wish to adopt him had been all but told to keep quiet and do their jobs, which was to keep him until the endless slog of the court procedures were through. His own useless parents had never lost rights to him or his sister, even when they failed again and again to meet all but the bare minimum of expectations. Certainly it was not possible for a biological stranger, no matter how involved, to adopt away the child of a parent with no record of neglect or abuse.
“Just a look?” John joked mildly, “That doesn’t sound terribly dangerous.”
“Everything all right up there?”
“In short, a bad man, and a very bad doctor,” Sherlock finished. He dipped his fingertips into the paper bag, persuading it open and peering over the edge. “Biscuits, you said?”
They worked around the corner from each other at the table; John made notes on a yellow pad while Sherlock added random items to a new pile in front of him, arranged in some arcane, Sherlock-specific manner John would never decipher but which made perfect sense to Sherlock. Now and then he flung something onto the floor, having ruled it unimportant or found it redundant. John leaned down each time to retrieve the discards, set them aside to be out of their way without getting lost. They each had a second glass of whiskey—a more generous pour the second time as it was John that poured it—and they traded John’s cheaters back and forth between them. It was quite a lot of reading, and John knew better than to talk much while Sherlock was uploading information and beginning to sort and arrange it in his brain, so mostly they were quiet.
“There are nicotine patches in the lacquer box there on the credenza. Help yourself.”
“No one can tell a temperature by eye,” John told him, and Sherlock opened his mouth to protest but John cut him off. “Not even a genius. Maybe go downstairs; Mrs Hudson probably has one.”
On the sofa, Rosie looked up from her tablet long enough to ask with wide eyes, “Dadda’s really your assist-it?”
“Well, let’s just keep moving.”
“Ready?” Sherlock asked, lifting an eyebrow.
No game, no practice, no travel. Still lingering in bed at half-twelve. Nothing at all required of him beyond meeting his body’s basic needs: food and sex, three times each. At least.
“You know him?”
Sherlock blathered into John’s neck, how good he was, how hard and hot, how Sherlock was so close,
Momentarily weak, Sherlock said, “Your dad and I were talking about the three of us having Christmas together, Watson. What do you think?”
“The bollocks on you. Honestly,” John gusted, shaking his head, his face in that horrid smile-frown he used when thoroughly disgusted. “Never have you once in her life expressed an interest in this, and now? I get a fucking letter—not even a letter, a damned proclamation, is what it is. All I’m to do is sign it. No discussion, no objections—of which I have some, I’ll tell you that—just sign the fucking thing, or else what?”
“Nor me,” John said. “Sure you’re all right?”
he texted disingenuously.
“That anyone half-sane would consider dangerous,” John corrected, not angrily.
“Who gets a present?” Rosie demanded of no one in particular.
And so he did. Compensation for his day’s work lying to a crooked surgeon while Sherlock stole x-ray films, then a foot chase that left him buzzing-high on adrenaline, cracking wise about how if this was what all the cases were like, Sherlock should know he was free to assist at anytime. He blinked at the amount to be paid, which was slightly more his current bank balance, effectively assuring at least a roof over his head, into the new year.
“If there’s anything else I can do to make your stay more comfortable, please just dial zero-one for the front desk and let me know.”
“Ah,” John said knowingly. “So it’s dirty video chat you’re after. And here I thought you were genuinely concerned about whether I had a good trip.”
“Sherlock Holmes and John Watson:
“What are they thinking? Flu?” John stamped down all the stairs and burst onto the pavement, jogging to the corner where he might find a taxi.
“But maybe I’ll try something new.”
“Well, I saw you play last season. You weren’t bad.”
In moments they were slick with spit and fucking up against each other in steady rhythm; Sherlock gratefully pinned to the mattress and John hectic for the finish.
“You can’t know; don’t torture yourself with What If.”
Having believed himself a solitary soul, he was inordinately surprised to hear the low thunder of footsteps coming down the stairs beneath which part of his tiny flat was nestled, then the rattle of his doorknob being tried.
“I was
“Until then,” John went on, and resumed his seat on the bed, hip to hip with Sherlock. He let his book fall open where it wished to, and began to pluck out and unfold lacy filigrees of newsprint, passing each to Sherlock for his approval.
“But?” Sherlock prompted.
John looked knowing; it was delightful to see the fire in his eyes. Sherlock finished, “I do happen to know there’s also some kind of kickoff meeting, dinner, party thing he and his wife are likely attending this evening. So it might be worth my time to go have a look.”
“I’ve offered to bring them to the states.”
.” The room was lightly moonlit, he could find the shape of John beside him but could not discern the features of his face. Holding his hand, Sherlock petted him; he was gasping. “Wake up, John.”
“My shift ends at eleven.” He poured the tea into two cups, removed the strainers and covered them with a white linen napkin so as not to offend Sherlock’s eyes.
“Genius.”
John, wearing one of Mrs Holmes’ pinnies over his summer-hols afternoon-casual, let out a noise indicating piqued interest. He went on sorting washers, screws, tacks, and bolts into empty soup tins.
“Mandy, can you call around and see if anyone can come in and cover the rest of my shift? I think I’ll have to get my daughter at school.”
“Truth,” George replied, looking chagrined but not actually guilty. “Thanks for the hot tip.”
“I can upgrade you to a single-bedroom suite,” she replied, untroubled, perhaps amused. “Congratulations.”
“Nothing. You have to—”
“Ask your virtual assistant to translate it. Good night.”
The drawing Ms Shea handed over to them was not instantly recognizable as anything obvious—house, human figures, sunshine, animal—but did give a distinct impression of goriness. There were great swaths of red, and as Sherlock went on looking, he made out the shapes of bones (to be exact, a femur, and a broken one that might have been an ulna, as it was quite thin and not very long). There were large eyes, also red. Many triangles, edged in red: bloody fangs.
Sherlock knew it would be pushing the envelope to act on his instinct to grab his man’s face in his hands and plant a smacking kiss on his mouth, so only pulled him into a quick embrace made awkward by the extreme bulk of his chest protector and shoulder pads, then let him go. He did, in fact, give John’s arse a pat as he walked away.
“Festive. Not raucous, of course. Nothing maudlin.”
He could see that she was typing a response but before he could see it, he typed.
Sherlock let himself return the smile, but quickly reined it in lest Steven think he expected anything like friendship. “Yeh,” he replied, nodding and lifting his foot to undo the knot in his shoelace. “Actually, three.”
Bump after bump of his teammates’ helmets against his own should have rattled Sherlock’s brain a little, but he only heard the thuds distantly. Kocur gave him a friendly shake of the head, and LoPresti patted his chest. He was the last to leave the ice, raised his stick at the fans as he was pronounced one of the night’s three star players on his way across the threshold and down the tunnel.
The black door swung wide and there stood Mrs Hudson, with the roots of her hair newly touched up to cover the white, in a green dress spattered with coin-sized triangles of pink and yellow. John twisted his mouth into a smile.
“Caught it as another bloke came in. Is he deaf? I tried to call him but he didn’t reply.”
John felt himself lingering, admiring Sherlock in several new ways, wanting to stay in the beautiful space a while, disinclined to return to his room where all that awaited him for Christmas Eve supper was a packet of HobNobs and a fifth of Scotch. When Sherlock announced that he had plans, though, John knew he should not overstay his welcome.
Ten minutes later, he checked again, between the girl with obvious strep infection, and a pensioner with a chest cough. The death toll had risen to three. There were pictures and amateur videos of a smoking metal skeleton that had once been building, fire brigades, police tape being unfurled. Across London, public transit stations were being evacuated and vehicles searched by bomb-sniffing dogs. John’s heart lurched toward Disraeli Primary School and he passed the pensioner off to his nurse.
John had the cash for the gratuity already clenched in his fist, and he paced in front of the door, looking at his watch.
Sherlock briefly smiled, this time with true amusement.
“Back to work Monday?” Mr Holmes asked, his hands resting on the back of a kitchen chair, liver spots aimed threateningly in Sherlock’s direction.
“I haven’t had a concussion, but I know what you mean.”
“No,” Steven replied, licking his lips in a utilitarian manner, then smiling with half his mouth. “You’re right; the beard’s new. You dressed more like a grown-up, I remember.”
Minutes later they lay naked, face to face, and Sherlock’s fingertips whisper-roamed over John’s body while John stroked him—their arrangement a horizontal echo of so many standing hand jobs in public restrooms and dark nightclub corners with men whose names Sherlock instantly forgot, or never knew in the first place. John muttered at him that he was
“I’m using the free time to think up a title for my memoirs.”
The Brawlers were good on offense, and Sherlock had not been very busy in goal through most of the game; one of the two goals the Hornets put in was a power play goal, deflected off a Brawler’s skate in front of the crease—a weird, lucky goal; essentially unsaveable—which Sherlock could not be angry at. The second came on a set play, fired by a defenseman with a notoriously fast, accurate slap shot. Sherlock thought he should have been able to save it, but there were bodies in his way and the puck came at him crazy-hard, a shocking black blur arriving low on his glove side. He’d look at tape later before passing judgment on whether or not it had been gettable.
John started to speak but it shattered apart as he came, sticky-hot between their bodies, collapsing down on Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock wriggled his hips upward, found friction, and quick-rubbed himself along the side of John’s still-pulsing length, bringing himself off, his own come spurting out to mingle with John’s.
“Hey,” John protested.
The alarm in John’s voice just about matched the shrill tone of the actual alarm sounding from Sherlock’s flat. There was a dank, acrid smell, and his lungs tightened.
One word, first thing that comes to mind, don’t censor yourself. . .
“Very fine work, Watson,” Sherlock agreed, taking one bouquet meant to sit before the large, south-facing windows on a delicate, octagonal table in the Oriental style. As he arranged it so its best side would face the dinner guests, John set another on the table, then stood upright and looked for Madam’s approval of its placement. She was delivering more instructions, this time to the footmen, and Sherlock stepped forward and around, placing himself between John and the rest of the room.
“Very well.”
“I’m a graduate chemist; I can invent a mixed drink,” Sherlock said confidently.
John didn’t remember when he’d stopped carefully identifying Sherlock as Rosie’s second parent—anywhere not requiring a legal definition—but had lately become acutely aware that somewhere along the way, Sherlock had been demoted. Not that Sherlock knew any of it—neither how careful John had been, nor that his status had changed; he never even had to see those kinds of papers. Tedious, redundant, child’s primary language, allergies, health concerns, list of emergency contacts. . .the same forms year after year at school, for tennis, for dance class, at the clinic. Having a child was an endless spool of paperwork to be filled out in triplicate. All of it, every year, hastily hand-written by
Sherlock hummed. John did his soldierly pivot and marched away down the pavement. Sherlock turned his back and at last lit his cigarette.
It was the language of sex work; Sherlock put up his guard.
Sherlock blinked and his eyes blurred, then cleared. His voice was all breath, whispery but not a whisper. “You never said.”
John leaned sideways uncomfortably far, made sure Rosie was distracted, and murmured under his breath, “I’ve never been more wildly attracted to you than I am at this moment.”
“Very much so.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“All—
Two armchairs sat facing off by the fireplace, each loaded up with more decorating material--unidentifiable swaths of fabric, a bucket of bulb-shaped tree ornaments, and impossibly delicate glass icicles laid out side by side on a fluffy bed of white cotton--and the man stood at the mantel, using up John’s matches carelessly, lighting a series of high and low candles, all white, tapers, tea lights, and pillars, all nestled in a staggered row among more pine boughs strung with lights and dressed with green tartan bows of satin.
“Thank you again for this,” Sherlock began, seeking an easier angle into what he really wanted to say. He vaguely nodded, indicating the room, the sea, their time together with nothing to worry for but to please themselves and each other. “It’s been perfect, and now that it’s nearly over, I realise how badly I needed it. To sort my head out.”
“What are you drinking?”
John laid his hands on the tabletop, indicative of an intention to rise from his chair. “I’ll have a chat with her about toning it down,” he said, with a degree of
“It’s difficult to quantify,” Sherlock replied. “I was freshly sprung from rehab and needed all the crutches I could find. Certainly it didn’t hurt.”
“You say ‘a mistake.’ You’ve said it before. Remind me:
“Enormous salary. Property in two countries. Non-profit foundation supporting special needs children.”
“Kind of you to say, but I couldn’t.”
When Sherlock caught a glimpse of John—only mildly prowling judging by parted thighs and flat-planted feet, upright spine pressing his chest forward just so—he felt a particular stirring and congratulated himself for his brilliance. He set a hand on John’s knee, brushed upward, and John threw him a wink over the rim of his glass.
SH: Right. Yes. Dinner and a movie.
Sherlock, standing in front of him, knew he had to get him moving not only because they couldn’t live on a wooden scaffold several yards out from the face of a cliff, but because the walkway was so narrow that anyone coming up behind them would have trouble moving around them—particularly given the fact John did not seem inclined to let go of even one of the handrails.
“Birds, I think,” Sherlock said. He inhaled deeply, exhaled as slow and long as he could manage, and let his muscles melt.
No rush, now we’re here we’ve got the whole long night, rolling to his back to open his thighs, lying over him, atop and along him, slow rocking together, settling in to kiss and kiss, these lips that were so loved, this busy, bossy tongue and the way he guides and invites. Holds tight. Lets go. Tickles and tugs and cradles and scrapes. A fingertip sucked into his mouth. The tempo shifting.
“You’ll stay the night,” Sherlock said then, half a question, and when John’s nose bridge pinched, Sherlock quickly added, “I’ll take the sofa, you can have the bed. I’m likely to keep working for several hours yet, anyway.” He shrugged, adding casualness to the offer.
“We’re meeting an estate agent later.”
“Sherlock, yes. I said yes.” John looked at him with wide eyes, trying to penetrate—a look Sherlock knew well.
“Option one,” he said, and got to his feet, pacing like a school lecturer laying out a complex problem. “The zoo. The weather favours fewer of the animals lingering inside their enclosures—neither too warm nor too cold. Additionally, there is a temporary exhibit of spiders I understand is informative as well as mildly terrifying.”
Too engrossed in Rosie’s nighttime ritual to remember to listen for it, he couldn’t recall hearing the front door shut; regardless, the fact of John still lingering in the sitting room took Sherlock by surprise. He was wearing his coat, and the fingers of his left hand were busy. Sherlock stood by the kitchen worktop, lifted the wine bottle and swished it, checking for remnants. John cleared his throat.
As the film’s animated heroine swung from one candy-apple tree to another on a vine fashioned from caramel (wouldn’t it be too hot to touch, to be that malleable?), Sherlock pinched his eyebrow and frowned hard, squeezing his eyes shut. All of his mental wrangling served as a stark reminder why he had always preferred brainwork to the mysteries of the human heart. Even the workings of his own heart were utter enigma to him. John had once assured him that everyone felt that way about his emotions—difficult to categorise, tricky to name accurately, distressingly changeable, and always,
my captain anymore,” Sherlock joked. “You’d have shamed me for that, not six months ago.”
“What’s that?” he asked, far from irked. Playing along. Perhaps even right there with him.
The government, the people who take children from bad parents.” John threw his arms out for emphasis. Sherlock felt as if he were breaking upward through a layer of ice, a breath of epiphany where only a moment before he’d been cold-drowning.
John looked up and away, sniffed and blinked hard to clear his vision. He couldn’t begin to explain his motives for keeping her apart from Sherlock. His simmering fury over Sherlock’s having caught himself in an explosion. His low-grade fever of terror at any perceived threat to her well-being. He’d lied to himself about the natural resiliency of children, about her awareness of the passage of time, and here she was casually throwing grenades into his carefully constructed bunker of denial and avoidance. She missed Sherlock, and she felt the time and distance between them. Of course she did. He was a fool.
To crown it all with glory, Sherlock could kiss him, and did, taking John’s jaw in both hands and smothering his sex-talk with a deep and dirty kiss, licking his tongue, shuddering as John found the perfect tempo and pressure. Sherlock groaned against the corner of John’s mouth, and John’s hips bucked, smearing sticky pre-cum onto Sherlock’s skin.
Sherlock kissed a trail down the edge of John’s jaw, down the side of his throat, wanting to reassure him.
“Keeping an eye on it for him.”
this,” John scolded, as ever implying that Sherlock was failing so spectacularly in his role as one-of-just-us-two that, well, he
“You’re doing OK,” John reassured. “You know I’m no better.”
. .—and Sherlock would not let himself acknowledge that the way he was playing, and the way the Brawlers’ offense was doing its best to keep control in the New Jersey end, he might come up with not just a win, but a shutout.
“I’ll mention it,” Mrs Hudson said, and her face was doing that thing where she was about to say something disapproving and piteous, so John flashed another tight-lipped grin at her and waved his hand a bit.
They’d said these words before, in various tones, at various volumes. Not a few times. Nevertheless, Sherlock felt an urge to emphasise.
“Wish I didn’t want you anymore,” John muttered, and slid his hands beneath the open placket of Sherlock’s shirt front, stroking dry fingers over his nipples, caressing his chest, pulling him close to kiss his neck again. “It would have been easier.”
“Even if he was looking, I never saw it,” Sherlock near-whispered, and petted John at the waist. “You’re the only man I see.”
“I won’t deny I’m equally desperate to get to you.”
“I’ll see what I can manage.”
“Right.” It was all Sherlock could think to say.
“Nevermind, I like your little feet.”
“No. Well. Pakora, if they have it."
“Look, Holmes,” the coach began, in a different tone, looking Sherlock in the eyes with a new brand of intensity. “You’re my guy. You’re part of why I took this job. I know you’re solid; I haven’t got a single doubt that this is just a scratch on the record.”
“You noticed?” John joked, as they withdrew from each other. He resumed dressing, and Sherlock headed back into the bathroom to arrange his hair.
“Something wrong?” Possibilities raced through his brain: a bad result on a medical test; something horrible had befallen his sister; negative press about the Heads Up Foundation of which John was so proud, and which was still so new.
Even as Sherlock decided that just this once, he’d pound on the door and give a shout, George’s bedroom door opened and he rumbled out, dressed in jeans and a Brawlers’-logo hooded sweatshirt, rucksack over one shoulder. Though not exceptionally tall—the roster had him listed at 5’11” but Sherlock thought it was rounded upward—George was solidly built, with broad shoulders and thoroughly muscled arms. Alex George was one of the league’s unacknowledged but ever-present enforcers, a decent producer on the ice but with a clear expectation he should pester opponents with hard hits, pushing the envelope on nearly penalty-worthy behaviour, working into his regular course of play stick-grabs, thrown elbows, and covert slashes. If a fight needed starting—or ending—along with veteran Shane Thurston, George was now a Brawlers’ go-to man. He wore his fair hair short and tight to his scalp; tattoos of his parents' names and Celtic knotwork meandered up and down his forearms. His wedding ring was thick and showy, shiny platinum with diamonds in slender rows at its edges. Liked to spend money, clearly. . .or his wife did. Undoubtedly he was up to his neck in debt despite his six-figure annual salary and multi-year contract.
Sherlock moved around the table, placing it between them. He held up one hand, gentling. “But. You stopped answering my calls.”
“The wreath on my door.” When John had returned that afternoon from a few hours spent in the company of OAPs, students, and the homeless at the library, he’d discovered a small pine wreath hung on the door to 221C, decorated with white and ice-blue ribbons and a sprinkling of gold glitter.
John nodded, and passed Sherlock his glass. John tucked his nose into the rim of his own; the whisky smelled so smoky and thick with caramel it was nearly erotic to experience. “So you’re a veteran, too,” John said. Not lightly.
“Sorry, man.”
Near-hypnotised by the steady beat of his trainers on the pavement as he neared the two-mile mark of his run, Sherlock could almost feel John running by his side, as they’d done once before, finishing their jog with a sprinting foot race, cursing and smiling at each other, still just teammates with a friendly arrangement—at least as far as John knew. Sherlock had already decided by then. Decided? No, realised. He grinned at the memory, but felt it more like a grimace. One shin was sore, sparking with every stride.
He forced a smile, nodding affirmation that all was well, or soon would be, as he shook Lestrade’s hand and they parted ways. Sherlock, desperate for distraction and even a small dose of pain, headed for the gym.
“I think so. She went right out, poor little love.”
John’s smile widened. “Summer in London—close the deal on that space we saw and start fitting out your restaurant.”
“I. . .ah.” John drew a loud breath. Sherlock let him twist. “Well.”
Sherlock’s unlit pipe lay slack in his hand as John kissed him, pulled and persuaded him back toward the bed, and even as they lost themselves in a deep embrace, both were careful not to crush their lovely, hand-tied buttonholes.
“Why, the whole house is mine. Do you think your father asserted a single opinion about the wallpaper or the furnishings? What a silly question.” She dismissed Sherlock, inserted herself between them, and turned decisively toward John. “Here, dear. Start with the babies.” She pointed. “That’s Mycroft, aged two. He was very late to walk.”
There was a blast of cold air as the front door swung open and then closed again, and he heard the stamping of feet on the rug and a thick, “Brrr!”
“I think Iain’s just asked you on a date right here in front of me,” Sherlock teased, knowing it might make Iain uncomfortable to know Sherlock saw him, plain as day. Sherlock was not jealous, but he found himself feeling territorial. Which he knew was hypocritical given he still had Steven the real estate developer’s business card in the pocket of his coat and had not yet officially declined his invitation to “something regular.”
“The power of belief is really quite impressive,” Sherlock said then, and leaned far across to lift the box from John’s hands. Rummaging through it, he said, “But sometimes a strongly-held one can be replaced by another, equally entrenched belief. One day you are certain your mother wore a red coat in winter when you were a child, but then you see a photograph that shows that very coat you were thinking of was blue, and never again do you think of it as red. You can’t imagine you ever did. And so in the end your brain decides you knew it was blue all along.”
“Dadda, will you read my stories?” Rosie called from the bath then emerged, flashing her teeth at them. John pretended to be blinded.
“After they push fluids and something for the fever, they’ll probably tell us to take her home and care for her there,” John went on. “It’s what I’ve been telling people at the clinic. Vaccine’s not been terribly effective; it’s a virulent strain this year.”
“Past me,” Sherlock corrected. “My father thinks I waste money. I probably do. But it’s mine to waste.”
In the dressing room at the Garden, Alex George streaked past Sherlock, the distinctive smell of amphetamine seeping loudly from his pores. Sherlock’s nose rumpled in disgust, though elsewhere in his body he felt a terrible twang of desire. He kept to his own routine, checking his equipment before donning it, listening to his teammates gossip and good-naturedly chirp each other, heavy rock music throbbing from someone’s speakers. Despite his attempt to mind his business, Sherlock kept one eye on George, whose shoulders jerked and shivered, and whose mouth wouldn’t stay closed.
“Got the suite until Tuesday,” Steven said, and Sherlock could hear the undergirding ostentatious display beneath the words. “Stay a while and we’ll go again.”
“I was under Parliament,” Sherlock huffed.
John wanted to try. He wanted to start over, as much as was possible given their long memories of each other’s failures and shortcomings. In a late-night thought experiment, he’d cast his mind back to their earliest days, falling in love with Sherlock, losing him, hating him, falling further in love. Making a life with him. Raising a child with him. He looked at Sherlock in his best light, and with the benefit of such a flattering view, saw a man worth loving. A life worth working for. John had decided shortly after three a.m. to invite Sherlock on a date, to lay out a plan, and to ask for a commitment. Not to be John’s again, but only to try it on and see if they could make it all fit like it used to. He felt it was a fairly low-risk endeavour; they’d professed to missing and loving each other, and that was as good a place as any to start.
A date would be nice. If not with Sherlock, with someone. Of course, John came off prickly these days, he knew. He was different since he’d come back, and not just because he was (probably) depressed, (almost certainly) drank too much, was (dangerously) short of funds, and found the slow pace of a small life back in the world so boring it made his teeth itch. His therapist said he would need time to acclimate, that John should make an effort to connect to someone--anyone--in a genuine way. But who did he have anything in common with, now? To find a friend seemed an impossible task, far more difficult even than finding someone who might be open to dinner and an amiable shag.
They push it open, and are stranded on a third floor balcony. A pretty deep fall.
The Alices move through Disneyland, regularly pausing to begrudgingly pose for pictures with some very confused children.
“Is that your professional opinion?” John asks, searching Sherlock’s coat pockets for his room key. Finally, he finds it in his trousers’ back pocket. Sherlock’s eyes grow dark while he slips the key card from there.
Sherlock winces.
John had been wondering these past few weeks. Gay it is, then. It's not exactly a surprise, or anything. Just surprising that he'd go for someone as obnoxious as Victor Trevor, that's all.
Sherlock is panting. It feels overwhelming. Instinctively, he backs away against the wall. A shiver runs down John’s spine; not so much because it’s cold, however.
Meanwhile, Sherlock reaches into his Belstaff and puts the deerstalker hat on his curls, but John gets distracted when the garage door slowly rises.
Sherlock immediately flees to his room. Typical, John thinks. Probably there'll be a week of silence next. '
“So… What were some dishes you had when you were growing up?” Antoni asks, massaging an avocado with his - John just notices - frankly beautiful hands.
Sherlock slips under the sheets and immediately turns to his left side, away from John. With a tiny sigh, he turns off the last night lamp.
morning. Why does Sherlock feel the need to talk about this
Sherlock turns his head a little.
Mycroft interrupts him. “No,
John glances at his hand. Ace and Jack, spades. Could be good.
“Oh, I bet,” She-lock says.
Sherlock feels dizzy.
At that moment, a tranquilizer dart flies past John’s head and gets stuck in a nearby bush. John pales. “That’s… That was a real…”
Sherlock starts pacing again. “It’s not hard to deduce. Jon - I mean Jonathan - told me that the next activity is a lavish dinner at a restaurant called The End of the World. So they’ll probably organise a little drama, like these reality shows tend to do. What else is there to do in a restaurant? It will be boring television, unless someone chokes on food. Likely Jonathan himself. As a doctor, you have an unfair advantage. So, teach me the Heimlich.”
Wiggins doesn’t notice a thing.
John breathes, moving closer. “Sucking a bloke’s fingers on television? What are you thinking?”
John tentatively leans forward, toward Jonathan, and almost reaches his lips.
“She’s
“And?”
John moves his weight to his other leg - the one with the imagined limp. “Didn’t know what?”
Masterful.
Yes, Lestrade.
John’s hand is frozen in place. He doesn’t think he’s breathing. The only thing moving about him, is his penis. It’s screaming at his finger.
But Sherlock is beautiful. And he’s a tired old veteran that people now only want to enlist for makeovers.
“Your fly is undone, though,” Tan adds.
Sherlock smiles. “Just get on with it, I’m expected to be somewhere in a few hours. How about contouring this face, so its shape changes?”
“You might have noticed there are six riders, but only three horses,” Mary continues.
“I quit this show,” he says.
“I’m sorry I came onto you so... hard,” She-lock says. “Literally.”
Sherlock, now, is truly alone. His knees start to buckle, and he lets himself fall on John’s pew, knowing that no prayer will help him now.
lips.
Sherlock blinks.
To all you 'normal' (extraordinary) folks out there: also sorry. 88thparallel - the best beta anyone could wish for and I don't know what I did to deserve her - wrote in the notes to this chapter: "This is the moment I hand my heart over to you as the admission fee to this rollercoaster of a tale, and you look at me, smile, and place it right on the track under the wheel of the train. When I get back I’ll scrape it all up with a shovel and bucket and ask to ride again. HOW THE HELL DO YOU DO THIS TO ME?"
Sharon turns around to her mannequins, which have two witch-like glamour gowns draped over them. She-lock eyes them with disdain. Sharon is known for her interesting commentary on fame, plastic surgery and glamour. But this? It’s like Sharon’s not even trying. It’s the Back to the Future of drag.
RuPaul is standing with her hands folded as in a prayer. “In addition to your sisterly makeover, you will have to perform a dance number together,” she says.
“If you still want that blowjob lesson, I’ll teach you, but please, Sherlock… stop gagging for it on camera.”
Jonathan and Sherlock press into each other, hard.
John's brain short circuits.
They all sip their champagne, except Sherlock, who has removed his glass and folded his hands behind his back. He studies everyone intently, as if he could deduce from someone's face or sleeve or shoe who the murderer is, already. While they don't even know it themselves yet. John swallows his salmon and licks the spoon, chasing that salty rush like an addict. It's delicious.
Next to him, Sherlock seems distracted by the curly-haired woman.
And something very strange happens on stage. Dimmock throws himself completely into it. He’s swiffering the floor, he’s walking bent backwards like Yvie Oddly, he’s death-dropping, he’s pointer-sistering left to right, he’s jump-splitting so hard his lipstick flies out of his fake boobs and hits Katya in the face. He’s
He imagines making David bleed. It feels so good.
“I better go get Sherlock and Victor to tell them the main course is served. We mustn't let this get cold”, he tells Sarah, and the others, and first and foremost himself.
“Now, hush,” Sharon Needles says. “That was simply evil editing.”
Though this doesn’t count. They’re both pretending to be someone else, after all.
“I know it’s you, you psychopath
It was Sherlock.
“There’s blood all over your shirt,” Mycroft retorts.
“You look nice but you’re really sneaky!” Sharon yells.
at least.
When Janine is gone, Sherlock and John remain at the table, not really eating their cake.
“What are you boys talking about?” Bill asks.
“And find the most important trenches.”
John shrugs. He's never heard Sherlock call anyone 'a real catch' before. Not even a bloody fish.
your blog”, Sandy says sweetly. Her earrings are so big they could be basketball rings for rats. When she sees Sherlock, her face twitches. “Sherlock."
She-lock barely spares the man a glance as he is stood next to her. Inwardly, she’s boiling. This tired grandpa better not cost her the crown.
Are they really going to do this?
John, on the other hand, in his dark grey suit and gold tie, feels he looks… passable. He rubs his hands up and down trousers that feel far too expensive.
John gawks at him. Bloody posh boy.
, he mouths at her while sitting down. Sherlock shifts a bit more to the right, closer to Victor.
She-lock feels like her whole world is crumbling. John is staring at the fluffy pink handcuffs in his hands.
“I’ve noticed you’ve gained an interest in drag queens,” She-lock says, spreading her arms across the bed’s pillows, relaxing into them. “But I was hoping you’d go deeper.”
“Have you figured it out yet?” She asks. Sherlock doesn’t reply. “Tut tut tut. Sooooo disappointing,” she sings.
. They’re vultures coming for the corpse.
, because it’s mostly about using a sucking motion with your mouth while moving your tongue around… But it’s not just about the mouth. Your hands are just as important.”
She seems extraordinary comfortable indeed. She turns around and flounces inside, leaving John with his mouth hanging open.
They move on to Miss Vanjie Matteo, and her rather large drag... aunt rather than sister, Miss Come-into-my-vanjie.
John sighs. Maybe Sherlock has some sedatives left?
“Well, trying to keep with the theme and all that,” Sherlock smiles against his lips.
“I wasn't. Talking. To you”, Sherlock hisses. He loudly shoves his chair backwards, and pulls a smiling Victor toward the bedroom.
“The Alices have gone into the Dragon’s Lair,” John pants into the phone, panicking. “But it’s closed. And it’s not a regular lock, but some fancy keypad.”
“Yes,
It has been rather interesting actually, solving murders. Mostly lab work, really. The quiet and the loneliness of a lab, John has found, is strangely comforting. There's a sense of... safety.
“Victor would call me a fucking faggot”, Sherlock says, with a slight trace of bitterness in his voice, but also lust. “While fucking me hard against the headboard.”
“I didn’t know. Well… I knew, but I didn’t
If this is what John wants.
“Dreadful,” Sherlock mumbles, miserably smitten, following him around.
She keeps her eyes closed just a few more seconds, remembering how he rejected her. Why did he do that?
“Stephen. You’re so very young, and you’re still finding your way in this crazy world. I remember what that was like. I can understand it, and you are forgiven.”
“We can stop at any time, you know”, John says. “I don't mind.” He's ignoring his almost painful erection, and tries to sound like a normal, reasonable person.
of tickets.”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. Television show or not, you’re getting married tomorrow. We really shouldn’t.”
Mycroft straightens his suit jacket and sniffs. “I’m in character.”
“I’m not here for that,” John says, but sits down obediently. He doesn’t remove his dark green coat.
“You see, I… This death has really triggered it all, made it all come up, so to speak.”
Magnussen doesn’t react. He stares as if studying an odd species, through dull glasses, fascinated in an understated manner.
“Please, have an amuse-bouche, everyone”, Sebastian says. “It's salmon with avocado, fresh goat cheese, some sour cream, herbs and at least one secret ingredient.” He smiles broadly.
“Only for a bit!”
They both take a step back, then closer once again.
“During our initial conversation with Sebastian, I noticed how uncomfortable he got when I mentioned the traveling to him”, Sherlock says. “So I asked around. Talked to his secretary. Turns out they were all business travels, and he never ever takes a proper holiday.”
“Yes, I was his close friend.”
“Nice to meet you, I'm Millie Hopper, the sexy tomboy”, Sarah says with a mischievous smile. John is pleasantly surprised that she's so dedicated to the concept. “You don't seem dressed up at all?”
-Eleganza extravaganza: with lots of elegance :)
“Let me show you their favorite part,” Molly says, turning around the stroller.
All the clues are surely pointing to She-lock. Yet… it doesn’t feel quite right. There’s something about She-lock. She’s odd, yes. But murderous?
John bites the inside of his cheek. “Look, Jonathan. For what it’s worth, I didn’t know about Sherlock’s plans, and I haven’t lied to you.”
Soon, John is seated on the living room sofa with a large Mickey Mouse shaped ice lolly against his knuckles.
“Finally, reunited with my… greatest weapon,” he says. “No offense to your vagina, Mary.”
“What is it?” John asks quietly.
you’re killing.”
“I’ve had no complaints,” She-lock replies swiftly.
, just to drive home the gay – and several shots of Wilson rushing to the ER, walking around his beautiful home and – lord – even
“An Irish setter”, Sherlock quickly says, his voice oddly restrained. “It was an Irish setter. Can I speak to you in private, please?”
“Look at him. Really look at him. He’s happy, isn’t he?”
a she, down there, John can tell.
They both giggle at the image, but just as fast, their smiles fade. She-lock reaches out, hesitantly. John allows her to take off his wig for him. She lies the pins one by one on the shelf in front of her.
“A Disney hotel, yes John, thank you.”
!” John shakes his head, agitated. “Why are you here, Sherlock? When clearly, you care very little for me.”
“Right,” Trixie says, “Of that old soggy guy who didn’t pay you?”
In the soft light of the desk lamp, Sherlock trembles as John lowers his head.
He could have protected him.
The waiter returns with exactly one spoonful of salmon. Sherlock takes it mechanically.
need to leave. It’s not safe, Sh…”
“Let him say goodbye,” Mycroft whispers. “Properly.”
“It’s in Chessy. But close.”
Standing frozen on the street, Sherlock can see his
“Says here it's tomorrow evening. Me and Sarah are free”, he says. “Let me RSVP.”
“Right. Neither did she. Because of her tumor. Which, for a lack of a better word, exploded into her brain just now. The murderer, Lestrade, is herself,” Sherlock concludes.
And thus, with a kiss, Sherlock is resurrected.
-Serving fish: looking very much like a natural-born woman
“How do you know what time EastEnders is on?”
Bainbridge lowers his knife, looking struck. He looks up, seems to latch onto something in the distance, and quickly grabs the paper, puts it on his chair and sits on it.
John hears faint voices coming from downstairs. He tries to tread the steps as quietly as possible, but… the dragon chamber is empty. There’s a statue of a fencer in the corner and a mechanical dragon resting on rocks surrounded by water. In front of it, Moran lies, still out cold from the injection.
David drops his cutlery, and walks away. John follows him with his eyes. If only he could be so dramatic, he didn’t have to be a grown-up.
“Aren’t you a bit old to be a student doctor?” The man asks John.
Wrote u, told u, now I-now I read u
“It’s Todrick Hall,” She-lock whispers lowly in John’s ears. “Singer, choreographer, beloved by Ru. His fans are called ‘Toddlers’, and I’m not even reading him right now. He has recently ventured off into… dance music. Well, I say
on the table.
“And I’m not asking for cake and clowns, brother,” Sherlock says as Mycroft walks out the door. “Though chocolate is fine, thank you.”
And is scared half to death. On the chairs by the desk, Sherlock and Lestrade sit side by side.
As they bicker, She-lock catches a confused look from John. He leans forward. “Alyssa Edwards is a past queen and also a choreographer. Of sorts. For children. She has her own television show about it, Dancing Queen. It made me
if you like.
John pales, and turns to see a man in the doorway. “Sir -”
Well,
“So you're going to seduce...”
John grabs the three plastic bags before Sherlock can get to them, and stomps out of the store, onto the street. The heavy bags pull on his shoulder, like toddlers craving attention. Two steps behind him, Sherlock follows. Trying to catch up.
“I mean, try focusing on unsexy things,” John continues. “Like… Maths.”
As Sherlock approaches the door, coat flapping dramatically - Netflix insisted - John rubs his hands on his thighs. Nerves hit him in the gut, all at once.
“I grew up wealthy,” She-lock continues. “Little baby Sherlock, born with a silver spoon in his mouth.”
They reach a slightly slower part of the track.
“I knew you’d peek under your blindfold, Mycroft,” Sherlock says. “You’re really the worst at playing blindfolded. So I’ve slightly altered some of the moves you’ve made this entire game. The pawns are not where you think they are. And now you’ve touched your rook. Where will you take it? It’s not even in that line. Go back in your mind, Mycroft. Where’s your rook? Do you see how you’ve lost this game? Do you see my next move? There’s
“The trick to … getting someone to
. And it hurts me… more than anything... that he didn’t know it.”
There’s a loud knocking on the door.
, John almost answers.
“Facts are facts, miss Sparkly Gowns. Now, what do you have to say for yourself, Sharon?”
“Spill it, Mycroft.”
“Stop being a smart-arse or I might just let the laser graze you.”
The wig - off.
“Don’t fuck it up!” Miley says, and leaves.
A soft snore escapes John’s open mouth on the pillow. Sherlock retreats hesitantly. Of course John would be tired, after a day full of excitement. The car, the casino, the Eurostar ride, and then French television. It’s too much for any person. Especially combined with wine.
Stephen looks up in surprise.
“No drama,” John says. “Just… Something I owe to She-lock. I want to lip-sync in her place.”
“John, tonight is my Final Date.”
Doctor House saves the day.
want that? Sherlock is absentmindedly touching Jonathan’s fingers on his trousers. They look great together. Two beautiful people.
Sherlock Holmes is back in the spotlight, to do reality television. Risen from the grave, to enter hell.
His phone pings again.
“Were you about to…
“You know, flirting is something people don’t always do with their words, but also with their bodies,” John explains, as he works on the back of Sherlock’s thighs. “For example, you can imply a lot by slowing down as you move further upwards.”
John hangs his head. He is angry, but he is also defeated. With one move. He raises his left hand to Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock whimpers, fighting hard to not cry, but when John rubs his thumb across the wetness, Sherlock breaks.
“Let him go, now,” he orders. “You piece of metal trash.”
“I won’t, because
John frowns. Unless that was Sherlock’s goal? Maybe he didn't deign to admit he wanted to quit these trips. Obviously Sherlock loathes grocery shopping, so he thought of a lewd strategy to make John yell at him in public. Then John would be the bad guy, and solve his problem for him, and Sherlock wouldn’t technically be a quitter.
John glances at Sherlock, who removes his deerstalker and smooths his curls. Of course he’ll fit right in, posh boy. John looks down at his own, very middle class, very battle-wounded body. Maybe he can go undercover as kitchen help?
Sherlock turns around, reaches into his waistband and takes out a golden gun. John shakes his head in disbelief. How long had that been there? He is happy to see it though.
Sherlock reaches into his pocket and unearths some crumpled pieces of paper. He begins reading out loud.
anyone
Janine crosses her arms.
“Sure,” Jinkx says. “I’m no Manila Luzon. I’m not afraid of shanking the weakest one.”
How many walks will John and Sherlock have left together, anyway?
- with large hair and smeared lipstick.
“This is normally the canteen,” Mycroft whispers in Sherlock’s ear.
Christmas!”
-Thorgy: a loveable and brilliant but sometimes paranoid queen
… I can hear your awful pleading for my life! I hadn’t slept, so I made this foolish plan to come to the funeral and see if you will…” Sherlock looks up. “If you’d be ok.”
Magnussen gets the second rose. John is torn.
The Pit Crew members start handing out small iPods and sheets with the lyrics. John seems uncomfortable with the half-naked men, but She-lock ignores it. She doesn’t have time to sort out all his
Phi Phi was not entirely wrong, earlier today. She-lock winces as she thinks back on her words - “the only unfuckable queen”. But it’s true - since She-lock’s Drag Race win, nobody has asked her out, nobody has
is playing.
“Did the massage have a happy ending?”
“I thought you were a military man,” Sherlock pants, leaning over the edge of the building and trying to pull - himself? – up by the arms. “You should… really… exercise… more.”
, Monsieur Cherverrou.”
-Boob lipstick: a lipstick with a bottom queen’s name on. On All Stars, the top two queens choose such a lipstick before they lip-sync, deciding who goes home (instead of Ru deciding)
Mycroft blinks. “They were investigating the case. They were already suspecting you.”
A silent figure that’s unmistakably John walks up the darkened aisle. Sherlock adjusts his vicar’s dress and fake beard and watches it happen. Watches his John walk into his life again, maybe one last time.
“What?”
“Don’t worry, Miss Fame,” she says. “You’ll get it eventually.”
Now… there’s only one thing left to say…
Sherlock is ready to leave instantly, but John looks at the bag of magic blood. “Shall we take this? You know… Just in case…” He clears his throat.
He jumps off the table, and turns toward John.
Sherlock looks down. He mustn’t cry.
“Well, I’m glad they replaced Merle with Michelle, because I fell asleep while Merle was talking. I always put her seasons on before bedtime. I certainly miss Santino, I could’ve made him come untucked with my drag. Ross Matthews is a bit harder. Literally, thankfully. And Carson is… Carson. I don’t like his daytime drag.”
She-lock doesn’t pull her hand back from John’s hair, and John reaches up and wraps his fingers around her wrist.
“It gets tucked away, honey,” Sharon says.
“Someone’s got a video call,” Alaska says. She and Sharon are staring at the screen, while the others come closer.
But the last one in the row already distracts him: a stylish man who's been staring intently at Sherlock from the minute they walked in. He's the tiniest bit taller than Sherlock, clean shaven, wearing a tight ocean blue suit, and his dark blonde hair is greased to perfectly approach nonchalance.
Not what John had expected. “You… You can’t.”
“It’s okay,” Antoni smiles. John can’t help but smile back. “I’m here to help you guys live your best life.”
-Everybody loves puppets: a phrase the queens say during the annual mini challenge where they have to make fun of each other using puppets. First uttered by Sharon Needles
I hear MF admitted to having perhaps read some fanfic. Martin, if you're reading this, my life will have been meaningful, and please enjoy. Don't be shy. Haha. Also: sorry.
“Time for the traditional reading of the Bible,” he says. “This is Luke 24:6-7.
“I already did,” Sherlock stammers, then he blinks down at his hands, turns around and flees out the door.
Sherlock hopes John hears the warning in this.
John Watson vanjies backwards onto the table, where he sits and watches She-lock draw. It’s excruciating. How is She-lock expected to focus?
. It’s just a small tear, they’re healing.”
“If it doesn’t recognise you, it self-destructs,” Mycroft says. “With you inside.”
And then it suddenly dawns on John.
“Why us?” John asks incredulously.
Irene presses the gun harder against his neck.
And closest to the door, she stands.
“Mmmmmgod.”
Then, when Sherlock puts his hand over John’s mouth, John takes one of his long fingers in his mouth and sucks it. It’s enough to tip Sherlock over the edge. John feels Sherlock’s penis contract inside him, and Sherlock’s legs twitch as he half shouts into John’s shoulder. It is with an urgency, with a passion, the release of something almost painfully hard to shake.
“No,” Sherlock says. Then, after a short pause: “She’s just not good wife material.”
John leans away from him.
Sherlock briefly closes his eyes. “I never thought I’d say this, but
“The massage did work,” he grunts, “my arm is very mobile now.”
playing on the radio. Very subtle.
“The order of eliminations was leaked.”
to you.”
John fumbles blindly into the Dalmatians rucksack to quickly turn it off, never allowing his eyes to leave Sherlock’s face, who sits unmoving, eyes shut.
On the paper, two neatly scribbled sentences:
“No!” John yells. “Greg!”
The boat bumps into the side of the track, changing course, following a planned path.
“So, where did you learn to play Texas Hold’em?” John asks Wiggins. “Did you, eh, pick it up as a student?”
As Sherlock tucks him in, John looks up and can’t stop himself from giggling. But he must be careful, on alert, still. He mustn’t show how much he loves this man.
“We’ll really have to… dance?”
, by the way,” She-lock says after a while.
Sherlock keeps his eyes fixed on the glass. His reflection is cold.
John can’t help but be a little in awe of what Alaska has achieved with Lestrade and what boils down to three ripped up bin bags. Greg turns out to have, as Alaska points out, “legs for days”. He’s… well. John wouldn’t say ‘sexy’. But sexy. If you’re into that sort of thing.
Suddenly, a loud roar echoes. It’s John, who has used the control panel in the other room to switch on the dragon. He hides behind a rock next to the door as Moriarty walks curiously into the Dragon’s Lair. With Moriarty’s back turned to him, John slips into Sherlock’s room, like a spy.
“Mmmhp,” John moans. Why does it feel so much like
He comes violently.
John stares at Sherlock’s back. His scars blink understatedly in the moonlight. It is of a beauty rarely spoken of - the kind that shines from healing. From endurance, from strength, from bravery. Unexpectedly, John feels a wetness behind his eyes. This man lying in bed with him has been through so much to protect him. He is beautiful, and he doesn’t even know it. He covers his back like it’s a weakness, like it’s not a testament to the kind of man he is.
“Who hurt you?” John near-whispers.
A pressing silence falls. John has been very quiet throughout this night, Sherlock notes. He turns to him. His old body is folded between two working tables, and looks up at him.
The pictures are everywhere, everywhere, everywhere.
Well. Reliving his swimming pool traumas wouldn’t feel very festive. But Sherlock has never been great at reading social cues.
“The fish seem bigger because of a magnifying effect in the glass,” Sherlock says. John shoots him an angry look. Nope. Not helping.
Sherlock’s hands fall down in defeat, as he listens.
John looks up. “What?”
No, John thinks. How it’s going to be, is Jonathan will move in over time, and he will move out.
“This is Q,” Mycroft says.
He pauses.
Their Fast Passes allow them to make reservations at certain attractions - Sherlock shudders at the thought - and return later at their assigned times. John makes a reservation at the Star Wars Hyperspace Mountain - bit of a theme - and leads the way through Discoveryland as Sherlock begrudgingly follows, staring at the damn Dalmatians rucksack.
“What’s your point?” John asks, as he massages his ankles.
“Yes, but he…
“What do you think you’re doing?!” John yells. He - still in Sherlock’s body - has entered the bathroom and is now staring angrily at Sherlock.
?” John jokes, looking up with a half-smile on his lips.
He’s never been a fan of high heels. If his girlfriends liked it, who was he to stop them? But he never thought it made women look particularly pretty.
Sherlock grips John’s upper arms tighter, grunting, mumbling the last traces of his name, while a faint smell of sperm permeates the air. Then, the man’s body relaxes, and John slowly removes his mouth from Sherlock’s earlobe. He pulls back, carefully.
“It meant nothing,” John says into the microphone, voice raspy as if it just passed through a defective blender.
“Christ, Sherlock, I told you to stay in your room while they were filming,” John says.
Not that they’ll be wrong.
“Who is it?” Phi Phi asks.
“That’s… quite clever,” Sherlock says, chewing. “My body is suiting you, John.”
“Wake up! I - meaning you - have to go to work! I have a shift at the practice today and I don’t plan on losing my job!” John says.
“Get to the point, Sherlock.”
“You know, when I did that damned eulogy…” John starts.
“There’s a wound to the abdomen - incredibly fine,” John says, crouched over the body of Bill Wiggins. He can still feel his cheek burning from Sherlock’s slap. Though he should be focusing on other bodies, of course.
Sherlock is trying to unbutton John’s trousers. John gives the button a little nudge. It pops like an answered question.
John withdraws his hands from Sherlock’s, and stands up, panting.
Egged on by that, John devotes himself to the earlobe. Flicks it with his hot tongue. Meanwhile, his fingers pull Sherlock’s nipple a little harder.
Slowly, he slides his fingers from John’s lower back upwards, to the base of his neck, and disperses his hands to either shoulder. Not too hard, just to feel his body out. A low moan escapes John’s lips. God, it’s electrifying.
“Christ, I know. But hear me out. I was assigned to you, She-lock. And you were everything they told me you were. An arrogant prick. Rude. As intelligent as you are an idiot. You’re infuriating to talk to, and a complete arsehole at times.”
This is John’s longest walk he’s ever taken. And it’s two bloody feet. Literally.
Sherlock swallows and focuses on the task ahead. He positions his lean fingers between John’s underwear and hips, and pulls the fabric down until just above John’s knees, where his trousers are. Not the time or place to fully disrobe.
“We have Fast Passes.”
Looking vaguely unsettled, he directs his attention back to Sherlock, pronouncing each word slowly: “You’ll. Blow. Your. Cover.”
He cannot touch her back - it would be unprofessional.
“It’s dumpster glam,” Katya continues. “Your outfits remind me of my Craigslist days…”
“We'll be right there”, Victor answers. John, however, casually keeps the door open, and waits. Victor turns back around to Sherlock, and talks more softly. “You keep your mouth shut, do you hear me."
“You’re very good, they say. Please.”
“There’s a dangerous arms dealer on the loose, and only you can catch him, John Watson. And Sherlock Holmes.”
“Why?” Sherlock replies, confounded.
“No. Yes. I was wondering…” John starts. “Well. I need to confess. Are you still working?”
“Hello?”
Reluctantly, Moriarty turns off the machine. “When I found out what you were organising for your pet, I just couldn’t resist. Every good Bond story needs a good old-fashioned villain. I knew I’d make a great one.”
The young boy continues. “She was found in her bed, completely drained…”
. This is nice.
“Boo,” Sharon says. “I’m feeling very attacked right now.”
Another knock on the door. Perhaps Sherlock, back to talk media strategy?
The envelope is only a little bit yellowed, so it must have remained untouched for the past two years. But its edges are still rather sharp. Untouched, yet carefully kept safe.
Sherlock pushes his lips together.
They ride the cab in complete silence, all three of them. Sarah sits between them and takes it all in stride, bless her. When they reach her address, she kisses Sherlock on the cheek, and to John's surprise, he lets her. He closes his eyes and allows her to kiss him, there, on his skin pale as ever. When she gets out the car, she dons a quick wave at John and closes the door.
“So, no dead body?” Sharon Needles says, disappointed.
There’s nervous shuffling, but She-lock stands stock still. She feels on fire. She feels ready to stuff her bosom with lipsticks.
is being investigated, at least? Sherlock's a detective, for Christ's sake. And it's not like he can hide it.”
Watson?”
John doesn’t fight.
John wants to go pack the groceries, but he notices that he's apparently holding the front of Sherlock's shirt in a tight, angry fist. When did he grab it? He sighs, and pulls his fingers away. Sherlock's shoulders relax a little.
. And if he does, he should do it with Jonathan, maybe. Probably.
No. There’s no such things as ghosts.
“Right. Don’t just take it all in in one go, okay? Why don’t you start with rubbing the head against the outline of your lips, and taking it in your mouth a little in between. This will also…”
John can sense it. Something is shifting in She-lock, something is opening. He closes the sliding door. The Bible won’t be able to record this - and some part of him is glad about that.
John swears she’s smiling.
“It’s been literally five minutes,” She-lock says.
“You’re not seriously suggesting... ?” John asks.
Wiggins shrugs. Sherlock takes off his Belstaff and throws a vicar outfit on over his suit.
“You look…” Sherlock starts, but doesn’t finish. He simply clears his throat and adjusts his bow tie.
“Better.”
Opposite where they’ve entered, in the middle seat, is their target. He’s a suspected client of the arms dealer they’re after, Sherlock has informed John on the way over here. This man is a hardened criminal, always able to elude justice, to look just innocent enough to get away with the most clever, complicated crimes.
He pushes his hips forward again, while John moves closer, almost hugging him against the wall. Can’t think about that, however, because a soft, warm hand closes around his cock and moves slowly upwards, dragging out the single most wonderful wank Sherlock has ever felt.
“Suicide?”
“And Bainbridge and David were just regular suitors, too, it seems,” Sherlock adds. “Though Wiggins did write in his notes that Bainbridge liked BDSM. So that will have to be investigated. It will take a while until the police have screened everyone. Naturally, production will be postponed a few days.”
David gets the first rose. He’s a thorn.
With his right hand, Sherlock slowly strokes upward John’s penis again, and then down. With his other hand, he cups John’s balls while putting his mouth back over the - already glistening again - head. The warmth of Sherlock’s mouth combined with his apparent eagerness makes John -
John swallows. They meant nothing to one of them, at least.
Sherlock bursts through the door. “Am I too late?”
He supposes his blog is kind of his Sherlock-obsessed diary, perhaps.
“Well, don’t describe it like
The next drawer provides even less excitement: files.
Sherlock motions with John’s hands, mimicking the movement ‘John’ should make up there. As he turns the corner, he frantically points at the huge inflatable landing cushion his homeless network has carried there, and mimes falling onto it as best as he can.
“I don't like this. Not one bit, Lestrade. And if something happens...” John trails off.
“For Christ’s sake, John. Read the note.”
“Now, show us your bedroom,” Tan tells John, gently nudging his arm. Sherlock glares at the gorgeous man.
Sherlock turns around, just in time to see five men, dressed in incredibly large Alice costumes, closing in on him. One of them puts his hand over his mouth, pressing a moist cloth against his lips and nose. The others grab him by the arms, by the legs, they enclose him, making the sun disappear entirely.
John looked exhausted and small, and it was all Sherlock could do not to reach for him again. He looked at his wristwatch. “Watson’s staying downstairs?”
Sherlock moved nearer the door, standing beside John, so John stuck out a hand and laid it against Sherlock’s low back, where it rested for several seconds. His parents moved to hug him and shake his hand, and then John got the same, with promises to have a longer visit next time. The way Sherlock’s mother shook her finger at him gave John to know it was not a false promise.
John raised his eyebrows and checked the time on Sherlock’s set-aside pocket watch. He’d soon have to dress and school his stumble all the way back to his cottage.
At quarter to five, he got out of bed, dressed in the dark, and went down to the hotel gym.
“G’morning, bird! . . . Oh, can we say hi to that dog?”
“My partner and I are exclusive.”
“Dunno.”
John felt a strange sense of giddy anticipation as he descended the stairs. His bug-out bag was still packed at the foot of his bed; it took him the full twenty remaining minutes, though, to decide on a hat.
Sherlock had a mental list of things he wanted to do just then, none of which was of any benefit to him, but all of which held a promise of distracting him from his current job-related distress.
, as he approached. John noticed past Sherlock’s shoulder that there was an older couple sitting slightly apart on the sofa. The man was wearing a cardigan over a button-up shirt and the woman held her handbag in her lap as if afraid to be parted from it. There were the remains of tea and biscuit-crumbs on the coffee table in front of them.
“You’re welcome.”
Later, in Sherlock’s room, they forewent the port--in any event, it was never more than mere pretense to allow them time alone together--and instead reclined side-by-side on the narrow metal-framed bed, in shirtsleeves and without shoes. They greeted each other with tender kisses, but John broke them apart before too much heat arose between them.
“Do as I say, in that case, and not as I do.”
John sprang to his feet and he swept up his coat, wallet, and house keys on his way out the door. “What’s wrong with Rosie?”
“I’ve never had anyone to make a beautiful, perfect Christmas
Sherlock already knew how the story would end. He kept it to himself.
“Just a token,” Sherlock dismissed, even as he took a seat beside John on the edge of his bed, slightly sinking them both. John, half-expecting a box wrapped in colourful paper and tied with red ribbon, nearly missed it. Once he found it, though, cradled in the bowl of Sherlock’s lovely hand, he was gut-struck, and his eyes blurred.
“No.”
“Quite serious, I take it.”
Sherlock blinked at the dark, listened for John’s breathing. He knew better than to look at his phone or at the bedside alarm clock, thought he could likely guess the time almost exactly. He’d already cycled through a menu of insomnia-suppressing tricks for quieting the mind and soothing the body. A mental scan of his musculature, seeking discomfort or tension. Counting his breaths, counting backwards, counting the days since he’d last had a cigarette (nine—
This month we are theming our lessons around
Sherlock began unbuttoning his shirt cuffs. “What does he know? He’s only a professional speech writer,” he snarked. “You’re the expert on your own life story, and where the good bits are in it.”
Sherlock’s shoulders ached, and his prick ached, and he couldn’t lift his hips to meet John’s hectic, heavy thrusting, so only hooked an ankle behind John’s calf to keep them close.
. . .
“Skates fast, so always prefers puck handling to a pass. Makes mistakes in the second half of his shifts because his gas runs out early. Keep him on the outside to tire him quicker.”
Steven reached into a metal stand on the edge of his desk and peeled off one of his business cards. He wrote a number across the back of it, using a very expensive pen that slept in its own, velvet-lined bed beside the desk calendar. He passed the card to Sherlock, who pocketed it without looking at it.
“Of course,” Sherlock agreed immediately. “No worries.”
“My parents were drunks. And now my sister.” And probably me, as well, he didn’t say aloud. “I prefer to keep facing forward, if you know what I mean.”
“Shouldn’t you--?” he asked, flicking a glance toward the door.
“Oh, I don’t know,” John replied, playing it off. “Now I’m sort of stuck here. Hopefully the fall will kill me before I hit the ground.”
“Brought you these,” he said.
“Like you, then,” John humoured her. Under his breath he added, “Practice right in the middle of the dinner hour, no doubt.”
“You don’t mind?”
“Lucky bugger,” Sherlock gusted.
John had returned to the bathroom, buttoning his shirt in front of the mirror. “Your brother, though. He’s the one worries me.”
“That’s good to know.” Sherlock shouldered his duffel, took a last glance around to be sure he wasn’t leaving anything of worth behind.
“It’s perfect, in that case,” Sherlock said. John fumbled endlessly with the keypad, swatting away Sherlock’s assertive hands from his crotch, scolding, laughing, pressing wrong digits and making the thing buzz angrily and flash red.
Mycroft reached beneath his jumper to liberate his mobile from his shirt pocket, then frowned at the screen as he scrolled with his thumb. The frown deepened, paired with a grim hum, and he passed the phone to Sherlock.
subscribe above for updates
John laughed. “It was a good day, I swear.”
. Four), last had a stranger (six), last slept through a night (dozens, perhaps a hundred).
“That is lucky,” John agreed.
“I’m sure she’s right. They would be quite proud.”
Sherlock confessed it with neutral inflection, a plain fact in evidence, available for blending with relevant context and general knowledge. He fixed a gaze on John—one John met, but didn’t hold for long.
“Aw, fuck, Holmesy, you got the flu?” Mellon asked.
Sherlock was still nodding.
Sherlock, unaccountably, felt his neck and cheeks warming.
“Course you don’t owe me anything. I thought we had a good time—let’s have a few more. While we’re both here. Not working.”
“Which?”
Mrs Hudson was elderly; she probably ate her supper at half-four and was in bed by six. No need to bother her.
“Paul McCartney,” Sherlock replied, a non-explanation.
“Hello, Dr Watson. Mr Holmes, nice to see you.” Rosie’s teacher. Late twenties, dark hair caught hastily behind her neck in a loose chignon, mascara enough to make up for the fact of no lipstick. “I think this is the first time I’ve seen you at the same time, together.”
“No,” John agreed. They went quiet, and Sherlock’s shoulders at last began to melt down nearer where they belonged. He relished two more long, deep drags, holding in the smoke until he no longer could. The latter half of the cigarette went out the window, and he pressed the button to send it back up. The car’s air conditioning was positively arctic; Sherlock’s forearms shivered with gooseflesh.
John carried on a mild harangue all the way through dessert, only changing the topic when they decided to skip the cheese plate in favour of getting home to their bed that much sooner. Sherlock was only mildly disappointed he would not get to sample the Australian syrah he’d already determined would be best suited to the kinds of cheeses usually served in late autumn. Doubtless he’d get over it, and soon.
“A holiday, yes,” Sherlock corrected, lest anyone count his weeklong obligation to do his parents’ chores as anything like a relaxing vacation for him.
“Indeed,” John said. “To better days.”
“We’ve been round and round this way, Sherlock. Let’s not—”
JW: I think only for however long it took Sherlock to pop his head up and say, “It’s me.” I didn’t regret it at all on my own behalf, but I had a shiver of, Is he going to be OK with this? Because of course, it isn’t my place to publicly out anybody, even my own partner.
Sherlock sat in the dimmest corner of an alarmingly grimy pub, just past ten, keeping eyes on a table of five men dressed too well, with slightly-too-posh accents. The daughter-in-law of the one in the wingtip shoes had hired him to determine whether she had married into organised crime—barely a four, held his attention only because her theory was not that her in-laws sold drugs or extorted local business owners but because she thought they were selling counterfeit dogs, or at least dogs with counterfeit kennel club papers reflecting lineages from which the dogs themselves had not descended. The subjects of his surveillance were on their fourth round, giving away nothing of interest, and it would be at least another forty minutes before he was able to follow them out on foot. He drummed his fingertips on the tabletop before he remembered not to—the texture was distinctly sap-like. As he reached into his coat for a handkerchief, his phone buzzed to life in his shirt pocket.
Sunday brunch comprised Sherlock on his back and John hovering above, first trading teasing blowjobs back and forth, each bringing the other partway along before stopping to breathe, then losing his breath as the favour was returned. They generated a steadily-rising tension, no cresting and subsiding waves, only building and building, and by the time John replaced two probing fingers with the thick length of his cock, both were sweaty, cursing, clutching, desperate.
“Self-needing-an-arse-kicking, more like.”
“All admirable, of course,” Mycroft said, and gave Sherlock a terribly sincere look, even going so far as to lean toward Sherlock as he spoke. “I worry, brother, that you think you don’t deserve it.”
“She recovered quickly,” John said, self-deprecating, and heard Sherlock hum. “What was that about—your neck? Slept wrong?” He’d already said he was leaving, and yet here he was making small talk with the only man on earth who hated small talk more than John did.
Mike: Dudes on the team.
“Six,” Sherlock replied, confident of the statistic.
Just as he was sinking into the plot of the film, eyes half-closed and heavy, John stirred him up with the simple inquiry, “What’s your day like tomorrow?”
, I wanted to tell you about. Him.
Sherlock rolled away and reached for his phone to check the time. “I’ve got to get up; it’s Jeremy’s day.”
started this.”
“Sherlock!” she squealed, the only one of the three of them at ease with herself, the only one not playing make-believe. “Lulu’s here playing, too. And these fellas.”
John hummed and shifted his grip beneath Sherlock’s hand.
Emma Shea
“It would be foolish; we’re flying back that night anyway.”
“Listen, I have some news. . .” John began.
Sherlock had been six stories underground—needling his brother—for the best part of three hours; he’d had to surrender his phone at the first security checkpoint. It wasn’t until he emerged onto the pavement that he found the string of increasingly edgy texts from John. He threw up an arm and shout-summoned a cab, barked at the driver that if he valued his life he’d put his foot down hard and get them to Cooper’s Green Road as quickly as possible.
“Right,” John said, waving his hands, shaking his head, shrugging his shoulders, making every indication it was Not A Big Deal. “Another time.” He gathered his bag from where he’d left it by the front door--before the sleeping arrangements had become clear--and headed for the bedroom. “Good night then.”
“That’s it,” Sherlock confirmed. He pivoted and stalked to the door.
“We’ll stop at Sage’s on the way and pick up something to cook,” Sherlock suggested. Cooking for John would stand in for the apology Sherlock should probably already have made to him. Sherlock liked to cook for him; he was always so impressed even by simple dishes, and was generous with humming and lip-smacking noises, sometimes even groaning pleasure that gave Sherlock two kinds of thrill at once.
John felt an inward cringe, bit down hard, imagining the woman’s exchange of grotesque images of early burial for the cruel possibility her husband was aware, as his blood was drained away and replaced with a variety of toxic sauces.
“Sherlock said we should have a cake for her and a special dinner. Do I have to wear a dress?”
“Oh! Nearly forgot.” He shifted and went into his hip pocket, drew out Sherlock’s third-best, most-favourite wristwatch and leaned forward to pass it over. “Still ticking.”
“You’ve been here before,” Sherlock told him, and John shook his head, denying it.
“It’s beautiful,” John said quickly, wanting Sherlock not to ruin it for himself with self-deprecating commentary. “It’s perfect.”
“How are you, my dears? Come in. Come in!”
“That sounds like a bit of fun,” Mrs Holmes cooed. “How nice you’ve got friends you can travel with.” The last of it directed squarely at Sherlock, well known not to have friends of any sort, at all.
“You will,” John told him, and Sherlock felt John’s certainty in his own chest.
“I’ll likely need those vomit buckets.”
He made himself tea one-handed, drank it at the kitchen table because hobbling back to the lounge risked spilling most of it. The flat was hatefully quiet. Leaning back, twisting, he was just able to hook a finger in a drawer-pull and slid the drawer out, knew just where to feel for what he wanted. He laid a sharp-cornered business card flat on the table, beside his saucer, and pulled his phone from his dressing-gown pocket, lay it face up beside the card. A sip of the tea and the click of the cup as he set it back in place. He could hear the wall clock ticking and so tuned it out, turning inward focus onto an imaginary whiteboard wall: pro and con; tallied assurances and a sum of slights; an elaborate equation of time, distance, history, and probable outcomes. Weighted promises. Calculated risks. By the time he’d finished writing a set of parallel narratives in block printing—blue, black, and red—he felt he’d found the solution, though even so he was not entirely satisfied.
“Have you seen the red and yellow frog that looks like this one?”
As he was already in his date clothes, and newly flush, John thought he might take himself over to the pub, and then to a movie. He kept thinking it until he reached the lower landing, but then let himself into his flat, shut the door behind him, and opened his laptop. He decided to find a new flat; with any luck, he could be out of 221C Baker Street--and out of the orbit of the unattainable Sherlock Holmes--by Christmas.
“Fantastic,” John agreed, and they arranged themselves, Sherlock’s hand resting atop John’s, and Sherlock sighed away every care he had in the world. For the moment, everything was, unquestionably, just as it should be.
“Can you sleep, Watson? You’ll feel better if you have a sleep.”
No longer dependent on the visuals, Sherlock leaned hard on the edge of the sink, curled his back and neck, closed his eyes. John giving his arse a sound smack. Then another. Then clutching Sherlock’s hips with both of his strong hands, pulling Sherlock back and down onto his prick. The hot slide, how full he would feel, how thoroughly fucked. John shoving his palm against the back of Sherlock’s head, forcing some hot stranger’s cock deep into Sherlock’s throat, fucking, oh and fucking, and
“I’ll get them,” Sherlock volunteered, got to his feet stretching, then strode into the room. “Just be a minute,” he called over one shoulder as he continued past the bed, and then the bathtub, and paused beside the sink where he had been brushing his teeth and only shaving his face every third day. He unzipped his leather toiletry bag and shoved aside its contents to find what he wanted, tucked carefully into the bottom corner.
Sherlock took another tack. “Look up. Let’s look up for a minute and see what we see.”
Back in his flat, John found a pad of pale yellow sticky notes and a suitably sharp pencil. In a few minutes, he had sketched a smiling snowman holding a pine wreath in its stick-arms, with a banner across the bottom reading “Merry Christmas.” He added a sun in the sky, with a cloud in front so as not to melt the snowman.
“Early spring,” Sherlock grinned. “Late autumn.”
“I admit I don’t know you that well,” John said, “But you don’t seem like
Sherlock shifted his gaze up and out the window. The ecstasy he’d taken in the Caribbean—which now seemed impossibly distant in both time and location—had been a risky mistake, he knew, and he’d berated himself even as he marveled at the fact of no subsequent drug hangover.
“Did she complain of feeling poorly?”
“My objective was not to use an adoption—whether by traditional means, or with the help of some backroom maneuvering—to displace you. Or to undermine you. The truth is, I inquired about it months ago. With only the best intentions.”
“Hey, hi.” John, frowning, but lightly.
“Shower?” John asked at last, quietly, and Sherlock’s response was a noncommittal hum and a shrug. “Time’s it?” John leaned up to look for a clock on the bedside table. “Nearly one. Probably too late to order food. Are you hungry?”
“Of course.”
“No trouble at all.”
“So that’s a no.”
“Mm. A mistake we’d best not repeat.”
“I was about to say I’ll get you the things to make up the sofa, but I’d much rather you come to bed with me.”
That night, Sherlock let by four goals and the Brawlers would return to Boston with another loss in the books. After his shower, Sherlock found a note in his locker to report to coach Lestrade’s office Tuesday morning at nine o’clock.
Once he’d recovered, John stretched out beside him and Sherlock rolled toward him, and they nuzzled each other’s faces, quick-kissing now and then, kept at it for long minutes, basking in the glow of no one having to make excuses to get up and leave. Even in yet another strange bed, in another strange room, in a flat that held none of their things—no memories of them—Sherlock was acutely aware they were precisely where they belonged.
“I heartily thank you, Madam,” John replied with one of his most charming smiles.
The only sound was of taps running, and John looked around him, checking for strays.
“M-hm,” John mused, with some good-natured sarcasm in it.
Sherlock could barely stand to let John out of his sight, insisted they stay in bed most of the day. They had a no-frills morning tryst, donned track pants and hotel robes while they ate a massive breakfast at a round wood table beside the window, shared the shower, then returned to the bed to recuperate. John scrolled his phone while Sherlock scanned the television channels, which offered not much of interest. He settled on an interior design competition program; it always interested him to watch people do what they did best—the further the skill from his own experience, the better.
“Rucksack,” Sherlock intoned, and passed the small pink bag to Rosie.
“Getting bashed into the boards by Brett Shayner?”
. It’s a nightmare.” Sherlock leaned away to turn on the bedside lamp, blinked hard against the sudden brightness. He turned back to John, stroked the side of his face. “Look. You’re here. You’re home.”
“Is it not?” he retorted with a finalising shake of his head. “Read that fucking thing again and tell me what your intentions are.” He scrubbed his palm down the length of his frown-contorted face. “I’m going to get her from school, and take her home.”
“My flat,” Sherlock said. “Same as always.”
“Working on anything? New cases? Your brother always seems to show up with something dull but lucrative when you’re invalided.”
He legged it into the alley, jogged diagonally across the car park, came panting up the steps of the school. Another late-arriving parent was just ahead of him, and held the door.
John, amused and curious prompted, “A distraction from. . .?”
The flat was still a stunning showpiece, dressed to the nines in holiday finery and lit with festive fairy lights and the mantel full of battery-powered, flickering candles. On the table John had once thought hopelessly cluttered, beside trays of meticulous, bite-size wonders--lamb curry on rounds of naan bread, smoked salmon salad finger sandwiches, and tiny mince tarts, to name a few--there stood a huge crystal punch bowl with cups hanging off its edge. The hand-lettered card in front on the table identified it as “Spiced Whisky Punch”; there were blocks of ice afloat, with apple slices and cinnamon sticks frozen inside.
, so very nearly there but not, and it was exquisite torment to stay suspended there, weightless with ecstasy, so soon to fall and crash and melt in a pool of warm bliss. Soft-boned and languid. That oozing moment-after. That wash of peace.
“Sounds fantastic.”
“Maybe,” she replied, the shrug audible.
“Touched your hand when you passed over his pay, didn’t he?” John’s bright eyes were dark with jealousy Sherlock did not know what to do with.
“I’ll just—”
Mags: Thanks, guys.
. And a photocopied letter on pale blue paper.
“Poppyseed and Periwinkle.”
“Keeps the lights on,” Sherlock said with a shrug. “Keeps the brain busy.”
“No trouble,” Sherlock said. He met John’s eyes and with the slightest of smiles said, “Mind your back.”
Sherlock remained noncommittal, unsure of his own intention. Steven walked him out to the lobby, shook his hand as they said their goodbyes.
At the moment, however, he was in the formal dining room, standing respectfully by while the lady of the house surveyed the table, laid for sixteen with delft blue china and Irish crystal. She gave instructions to the housekeeper, Molly Hooper, about the flow of the evening’s party, including how many minutes should be allowed for dessert, which ash trays the men should be offered after dinner, and which parlor games should be available to the ladies once they had moved to the drawing room.
“How’s the mobility in that right shoulder? Anything bothering you? How about the wrist, got a good grip on the stick?”
“The silence right after that, maybe,” John joked grimly. “No, as a matter of fact it’s 300 youth and juniors players lining up to get free gear and autographs in an empty basketball arena.”
Sherlock sat back from his empty plastic dishware, stretching already-sore arms well over his head with a grumbling groan as he sank into the sofa. “First day at the new job and already you’re planning a week away?”
“Yes, of course.” A kiss, and then another.
Sherlock grumbled and gave his brother a significant frown, but he did flick the lid off the box and liberate a handful of plastic-wrapped patches on his way out of the office.
“I know. I just think that once things are up and running. . .there are incredible people at Heads-Up, and now the spotlight’s on it a bit, that helps them with raising funds and that. But at some point, I’d like to not be the guy in the spotlight. It’s not for me.”
“I started out to make twenty-four, for Advent. But then I thought of your birthday, so I made thirty-eight. And then I thought of how they look a bit like stars, and how I wish I could pluck all the stars down and tie them into handsome buttonholes for you, and I just kept on.”
“I don’t know how she explained that to herself.”
An exaggerated shrug, with heavy-lidded eyes. “It’s quite natural,” he said, with assurance and finality. “S’not as if I. . .or you, we. . .” He gestured to them both in turn, while he raised the bottle to his lips and sipped back more of the whisky. “Can’t change the natural order of things. Or of a man!”
“To your lovely party,” John said, and raised his glass. Sherlock’s kissed it with a ringing tone of crystal on crystal, and they sipped. John imagined he might be half-hard over it; it was magnificent.
“You go ahead; if I get in there with you I’m liable to keep you there too long.”
“Fuck,” John cursed. “Gorgeous you. I’d have rubbed myself raw, needing to get off with you.” He sighed heavily, hummed. Sherlock, rolling up to meet him, opened his legs wider, then clutched John between them. Robbed of breath by the weight of John’s torso against his own, he whined, and John forced a hard kiss on him.
“Him or me?”
Nodding, leaning back, John rolled his eyes slightly. “Right.” He crossed his arms over his chest, a motion Sherlock knew well. John cleared his throat. “We’re not doing this,” he announced, and even shook his head. “We’re not going to be those people who muck up a perfectly workable break-up falling in and out of bed.”
“Yeah, thanks. Good talk.”
“We shouldn’t do this here, in someone else’s house. There’ll be a mess.” John was going into his suitcase for the needed
“Wondered if we might,” he said hesitantly. Could it be Sherlock did not know what John was asking? Maybe John had been right to think Sherlock didn’t go that way. “Go see a movie sometime. Maybe when the case is done. Solved.”
The kettle had boiled and as it switched itself off there was a sudden absence of noise in the room. Jordan poured the water into the teapot, grinning mildly.
“I love you, too. So. . .what do we do?”
. He dragged his fingertips along and between locks of her hair, softly rearranging it beside her small, rounded shoulder.
“Had to leave my phone so she could listen to that horrid song,” John informed him, looking apologetic.
manner he employed for public scolds.
, John texted back.
“What’s his background? Sports reporting?”
“You are.”
John tapped his nose. “Very wise. Cocktail hour. All right, how about a retro thing? There are a lot of space age, atomic-cocktail type versions of classic Christmas songs out there; and 1940s swing was a bit of a thing a while back, there’s bound to be some in that style. But updated. Not too intrusive, but if you happen to notice the music amidst the over-the-rim flirting, small talk, and cheek-kisses that happen at a drinks party, it’s pleasant. Kind of quirky.”
John sighed relief. “I’m glad you agree.” He rubbed his palms up and down his thighs, moved to rise. Sherlock mirrored him and they met awkwardly, not in the middle, keeping to their outer edges. Not sure of the right thing to do, Sherlock offered a handshake. John returned it, but after a moment they were embracing, without heat but with warmth, and they lingered in it. John’s arms were tight around Sherlock’s back, and Sherlock let his eyes close.
Sherlock braced himself for the inevitable, painful plot twist: Lestrade telling him to take a seat for the rest of the road trip, keep up the off-hours work, and we’ll start over back home in Boston next week.
The third period was a blaring blur of bodies moving toward and away from him, the glare of the ice, the chaotic jangle of the crowd—even the droning moan of Sherlock’s fans shouting
Suddenly John found himself double-timing, as Rosie had jogged ahead and could be surprisingly quick—he’d felt the short-lived but still awful panic of losing sight of her around even the most familiar of corners enough times to have learned how fast she could move.
“Mother’s rather smitten with your companion; you should expect to hear casual mentions of grandchildren in the near future.”
“Very nice,” Sherlock commented. “Better than the eighteen?”
Sherlock ducked to receive helmet-bumps, got a few solid shakes and thumps square on top, where the rose-eyed skull was painted on the roof of his mask. He didn’t smile, but that was not much new. Down the tunnel, into the room, and once he’d shaken his hands free of blocker and glove, and ditched his mask on the bench in front of his locker, he went into his duffel for his phone.
He longed for a jokey reply from John, reminding Sherlock of their first encounter in similarly cramped quarters, warning him not to repeat it, or perhaps suggesting he do so. Sherlock felt his need to get off as an irritation beneath the skin. His head was loading up a Technicolor slideshow of bodies in motion, accompanied by a symphony of curses, commands, deep-voiced growling. It was the middle of the night. Tuesday. No clubs or bars open. He checked CRUZR and found a paltry number of illuminated blue dots on the local map; none within a half-hour’s journey by a car he’d have to summon and wait for. John at home, asleep, unavailable by voice or video.
“Can we get some gingerbread persons? And remember that one with the little picture of me when I was a baby?”
Sherlock nodded. “I always am.”
“So you’re feeling well?”
Sherlock set the phone on the bed by John’s hip, leaned to press a kiss into the hair at the crown of his head. “It’s well deserved. You carried that team for years.”
Sherlock tipped up his face toward the stars and murmured, “Nor have I.”
As he was about to change the subject, his phone went.
She laid a feather-light hand on his elbow and gave him a smile. “I don’t know what’s come over me, but I’m inclined to do as you say, John.”
“Seven,” Sherlock agreed.
Sherlock took Rosie to see a film for the sole purpose of having a hundred minutes in which to think. He bought her sweets and popcorn and the smallest possible drink so that she might not have to be escorted to the restroom midway through, and he could try to untangle his inconvenient emotions from facts in evidence so his mind could be more easily focused on his current cases—Mycroft’s horrible one about embezzling that had turned out to be about human trafficking, and just that morning a new one promising some potential excitement as Sherlock tried to prevent a set of separate-but-related bus bombings.
“Oh. Thanks.”
“I can see now,” John mused, “that a Sunday morning lie-in was a meaningless phrase before I had an actual five day work week.”
George laughed, “You fucking lunatic.”
“Lucky for us, I suppose—that was our first time having to take her Emergency.”
John nodded agreement. “Give it few days, maybe a week.”
“It’s not often I meet someone who stands to lose as much as I do. Are you interested in something regular?”
posted by: Mags. 11:38a.m., July 2.
They both shuddered and moaned as John slid in, steady but not slow, and John’s shoulders tensed and released as he settled himself onto one elbow and began to thrust. With his breath gusting down the front of Sherlock’s throat and across his chest, John was near enough to kiss, so Sherlock kissed his dry mouth, licking in to dampen the inner edges of John’s lips. The shock of adjustment passed, and Sherlock’s erection—which had flagged—rapidly resumed straining.
“They’ll just knock anyway,” John grouched. Sherlock reached for his trouser buttons and John held up a hand. “Wait, let me do that.”
“So how did you get into it?” John asked, looking over at Sherlock.
Sherlock bent down and took the child into his arms. He kissed her on the nose and turned back to John. “As long as you’ll be taking me to bed later.” With that Sherlock walked off, making sure to sway his hips as he sauntered into the hallway.
Holmes’ movements started off slow- moving his hand in a circle like motion, using his pre-ejaculate to ease the friction. He brushed his thumb over his tip and let out a moan as he tipped his head back and closed his eyes. His mouth hung open as he began to move his hand up and down the full length of his cock. His groans and moans began to increase in volume as he pumped his hand faster.
“Well Watson, I will do say that is the best time I have had in a cab in a while.” Holmes remarked, staring at me with a devilish smirk. I replied with my own smile and got my things ready to head into our flat. Before we exited the cab, Holmes came close to me once more and pressed another kiss to my lips.
“m-too. Now go ‘sleep.”
“Yeah, I know,” John replied, moving his hand to the back of his neck, rubbing it timidly. “It was a pal of mine who got me into it. I was a military doctor, and while I did have my share of bad days, there was a part of me that longed for the action others got to experience. Once I was shot and sent home, my friend talked to me about using my military skill to make some money. I honestly didn’t think I would still be doing it, I just thought maybe a few times until I find a
“Hello yourself,” John said, standing on his tiptoes to give his husband a peck on the nose before returning to cooking. Sherlock frowned, looking at John with a disappointed look.
“I’ve missed this”
It was two hours later when the sound of a door opening emerged from the front of the room. Sherlock quickly grabbed the gun from his waistband before staring vigilantly at the door, only to drop his weapon when he saw the face of his partner.
Once inside, he was met by John Watson in the kitchen with an apron around his waist. Rosamund was sitting beside him on the floor, playing with a bee stuffed animal Sherlock had given to her upon their journey to America.
“Jesus, Sherl that’s terrible”
“YES, John it is! What else would it be!” Sherlock shot back, breathing heavily through his nose. “Jesus Christ, if you don’t trust me at least look through my bag.” John paused for a moment, trying to see if the man he had known for so long really deserved to be trustworthy in this moment. After a minute he finally made up his mind, looking over the room to find the bag.
That’s one thing he liked about his network. They always made sure to pick establishments with workers that were already part of it. There were countless staff and security that were on the same side as Sherlock, if he were to be in trouble, he wouldn’t have to deal by himself. However, it wasn’t always like this. Sherlock used to do freelance work, but joined the Network due to the
John, if I knew you’d be this clingy I would’ve married a pair of leather pants.” His retort makes John chuckle, he leans into Sherlock more, planting kisses on his trench coat wrapped around himself.
“Hurry up with the fee so we can continue.” Holmes said, palming my cock swiftly before exiting the cab and greeting Mrs. Hudson. I quickly tried to adjust myself and paid for our cab fare. I rushed to Holmes’ side and trailed after him up the stair to our rooms.
“Oh, for God’s sake John we’re here for the same reason!” Sherlock shouted, trying to move his head from its uncomfortable situation.
“Of course not.” Sherlock said. “Like I’ve said before, my brother is basically the British Government. He obviously both knew of our secret professions and arranged this so that we wouldn’t have to keep anything any longer.”
Sherlock walked into the hotel and sat at the bar. The hotel was small, but nice, he deduced a three star from the size and the service. Sherlock’s talent of deduction was also an extremely useful skill in him efficiently completing his job. He looked over the people at the bar, a lawyer, banker, sex worker, and billionaire.
“Indeed, I did. I was trying something new. Brilliant deduction
Unfortunately, I was not as clever with my spying as I thought, for as my eyes trailed up to the top of his body, I was met with the detective’s piercing eyes staring back at me. His expression was one I could not read, but the look of amusement portrayed in his smirk was unmistakable.
“Going for a walk.” Sherlock said as he went in to plant a kiss on John’s nose. “I’ll be back in a while.”
Holmes drew away from me, and readjusted himself to look as if nothing had ever happened.
“Turns out my reputation isn’t just confined to England, my dear Watson.”
“Good,” he replied, his voice already thick with arousal.
The cab started moving again, and brought me out of my trance. I stole another glance at my Detective friend to see that he was in an even more arousing state than before. His shirt was now completely unbuttoned, slowly falling off of his shoulders and showing his left nipple. The flushed pink showed a beautiful contrast to his ivory skin that made him look even more godly than I had believed possible. His trousers were now rolled upwards so that his calves were showing. My eyes traced up his legs to find that his belt was now undone and the buttons that guarded the opening of his pants were now unfastened as well. My eyes drew in the undressed Sherlock Holmes. Other than quick, accidental glances I had never seen him in such a state of undress before. I stared over the whole of Holmes’ body greedily.
