“What do you think?” he asked, looking back over his shoulder at the other two. They answered with smiles that matched Dean’s own.
“It wasn’t there,” Dean stammered out. “It healed years ago. It came back after that night. I...” He’d forgotten all about it, and with everything that had been going on he had neglected to mention it to Cas as well, dismissing it as nothing more than an angelic hickey, a token of their time together.
Giving his Angel the answers and support he needed in their solitude, with no one around to make judgments, assumptions or sneered whispers, was an empty victory, but Dean took it all the same. It made Cas smile and that was good enough for him.
That’s when a realization hits Dean, full force. The complete magnitude of the situation washing over him like a tsunami of ice cold water. It wasn’t simply a pregnancy, he wasn’t just pregnant. It wasn’t just something he hadn’t expected or agreed to.
To Dean, waking up in a nest felt a lot like how he imagined having a full body massage, while lounging on a warm tropical beach would feel. As if during the night everybit of tension had ebbed away taking all the knots and kinks in his body with it. It was a gentle rise to wakefulness, a peaceful pull to the conscious.
“I think you need to look again,” Sam said sincerely, quietly catching Cas’ attention, dragging him briefly away from his guilty wallowing. “Yeah, she’s definitely gotten her looks from you. You two are practically a mirror image of each other... But everything else, Cas, that’s pure Dean... and I'm not just talking about the bowed legs and chewing with their mouths open,” Sam laughed, trying to lighten the mood, in hope that he would get a smile, even a ghost of one to break the tension that was so ripe, he could almost taste it.
“Damn!” Dean panted, trying to get back control of his breathing, his post orgasm grin was too wide and thrown at the ceiling. “You’re too good at that.”
“What can I say,” Dean grinned mockingly, arms wide as if to show off his very much ‘not dead’ status and goad her for believing Sam’s clever bluff, “it never seems to stick.”
As Dean spoke, Castiel slipped his hand down, taking the place of Dean’s own to gently cover over where Dean was showing, gently running his thumb in a tender stroke of the bump of their baby. The subtle movement, soothing some of Dean’s inner turmoil and he lent against his angel’s side.
His Angel’s smile turned quickly to laughter, before it was smothered with more kisses, until all that could be heard was the sound of their lips smacking slow and gently over each others.
When they had first returned to the blast site, Dean was half expecting to see Cas emerge from the flames like some true born Targaryen. The dude could survive a fall from heaven, an explosion was nothing in comparison. ‘
“He said it himself, Sam. He doesn’t want this... and I’m not going to let him sacrifice himself because of some ingrained need of his to protect everyone else apart from himself. I can relieve him of that burden.”
“What’s going on?” Sam repeated, his eyes flitting back and forth between the two of them, in confusion.
Having learnt from the night before that Cas took far too long to get naked, Dean quickly started stripping him, pleased when the Angel caught on and toed off his shoes before helping to rid himself of the remainder of his clothing. Without breaking their eager kissing, Dean presses his palm flat to Cas’ chest, guiding him backwards until the Angel’s calves hit the bed and he sat heavily, looking up at the hunter with wide, excited eyes. Tugging his towel from his midsection Dean threw it aside, draping one leg over to straddled the Angel’s lap. He wrapped his arm around Cas’ shoulders, closing his eyes at the feeling of their bare chests flushed against each other.
In less than a blink, upright suddenly became horizontal. The air behind him became soft pillows and memory foam. Cas was hovering over him, his bare chest pressed down tight to Dean’s own, his face like a thunderous storm cloud, inches off Dean’s.
“You saw that?” Dean asked quickly. He knew Cas had seen his pregnancy just by touching Dean’s forehead to heal him, but he had assumed that had been the extent of it, because the Angel hadn’t seen anything before that moment. To see a growth rate, showed Cas had seen more than a pregnancy. He had seen the Nephilim. “But you couldn’t tell before?”
He certainly wasn’t going to knock and disturb them both. He could guess at what was going on behind that closed (and probably locked) door, but under no circumstances did he want to have his suspicion confirmed.
“Right now?” Castiel smiled, as if the answer was the simplest thing in the world. “Nowhere. I’m enjoying our walk.”
“I mean, look at this,” Sam said, jabbing his finger to some of  the papers he was reading from. “This gibberish is your vitals, blood pressure, temperature excetera. All of which were elevated. Which he puts down to your - I assume that word is ‘agitation’.”
He lets the silence continue for a few minutes, just hoping his presence is seen more as support than interference, or an irritation, before gingerly testing the waters. “Cas is beating himself up pretty badly over this.”
The Angel’s grin matched his lovers. “I have a good teacher,” Castiel replied, sliding down next to him and pulling the blankets over them both.
But that left Dean with a bigger dilemma, because every relationship he had ever had, had gone to crap at some point. The hunter life just didn’t include a white picket fence and roses ’round the door. Domesticity and ganking demons didn't mix. You can’t go for a moonlit stroll with your honey when you know what goes bump in the night. One night stands, booty calls and quick flings were the only option Dean believed he’d ever have.
The stare was back. Softer and less smite worthy, but just as intense, causing Dean to stammer. “Cause I-...I knew you didn’t-”
He couldn’t think about that now. He had a job to do. “Well whatever this is you need to snap out of it.”
Dean’s jaw was tense, eyes dark, hands fisted by his sides, looking like he was ready to kill something, or someone. Cas was harder to read, his shoulders hunched forwards like they were trying to close in on themselves, head bowed. But neither looked happy. Neither of them had that first date glow that Sam had expected. His tone quickly shifted to worry. “What happened?”
Cas’ frustrated sigh ghosted over Dean’s chest, leaving a speckling of goosebumps in its wake. “When I raised you from perdition, I believed you thought that you didn’t deserve to be saved... But I was wrong. You don’t think you deserve to be loved.”
Edit: Anyone wondering why this is now a chapter less, it's because I changed the prologue to be included in chapter one. On the plus side, it means the numbers giving match those I've written (which was frustrating me to no end), but on the down side it mean the comments left on the prologue were deleted. Only mentioning it, because I didn't want those who left comments there to think that I deleted them, or I didn't appreciate them. I did and I was sorry to see them go xXx
If the woman who served him thought anything of him ordering a popcorn and soda large enough to share and seats on the back row she didn't comment on it.
“I couldn't betray your freewill, Dean. But physical reaction and sensation, those are just nerves and flesh, and they could be manipulated.”
“Your memories?” Sam parroted, sucking in sharply as Dean dug a little less gently than was probably necessary.
He took back up the charm and striding from the room towards the medical bay he called to Sam over his shoulder.
Wanted to get this up early so I could wish those of you joining in with GISH tomorrow happy hunting
All Cas’ settling evaporated in an instant. Immediately jumping back to nervous defence. “No Dean, I’m not-”
Dean nodded in silent understanding. He knew precisely how it felt to strive to be the perfect son, only to feel less valued than the younger. It had been the story of his life up until a few years ago. Protect Sammy, that had been his mission, but no one had been there to protect him. It would have been so easy to take out his anger at the unfair situation that he had been forced into and snap at Sam, and a few times in his youth he had. But Cas had never turned against mankind, or on his Father. He had rebelled against Heaven only when forced to choose between his family and humanity. Dean specifically. It only reminded Dean of just how much Cas had already sacrificed for the man he hadn’t realized he loved at the time.
Castiel’s hands kept fisting and opening nervously by his side, like he didn’t know what to do with them.
“Sam?” Castiel looked up from his own reading, sitting opposite the hunter in the bunker library. He looked just as disgusted by the subject matter than Sam did. “What’s wrong?”
“Did you figure anything out?” the younger Winchester asked, dumping a small stack of books and files onto the table top, pulling out a seat opposite the couple and sitting down.
Dean nodded, he already knew that. Cas’ grace had been one of the ingredients in Metatron’s spell that cast all the Angels from Heaven.
She handed it over gently, her tone turning gravely serious. “This is extremely rare and volatile magic, Castiel,” she warned. “I’ve left instructions inside. You have to make sure you follow them to the letter. There won’t be any do overs if you do it incorrectly.”
Dean swallowed, and quickly launched into telling them both his plans for the nursery, that he had envisioned and begun making a reality before his kidnapping. Explaining about the room just beyond the wall that would make an ideal space for the baby, just adjacent from the larger room, which could serve as a more suitable bedroom now he was sharing with Cas.
“It shouldn’t be,” Cas agreed, from next to him, causing Dean to startle. He’d been too distracted drowning in his own panic to notice the Angel had come over, or finished talking to Sam. Or moved at all.
Sam nodded silently in agreement. Venting out his frustration is a process Dean has to go through or he will throw up all his defensive walls, guarding himself and go into complete emotional and verbal shutdown. Sam has seen Dean’s violent coping mechanisms many times before. He knows the pattern and honestly the wrath of Dean is better lashed out on inanimate objects and far better than the alternative.
Cas would state that it was him that had impregnated Dean with the child that had killed him. He had allowed Dean to bear his offspring and he, Castiel, had failed to be strong enough when Dean had needed him the most. Sam knew all this because he'd had the argument before and no matter what facts or counter-arguments Sam presented and pushed for on the Angel’s behalf, Cas just wouldn’t listen. Stubbornly refusing to be swayed from his self-inflicted guilt.
"No," Dean replied, too quickly for Sam to find believable. Even if he did, the far from subtle way Castiel jerked his head round to frown at him, clearly offended with Dean's denial, was a dead giveaway.
As gingerly as he can, he slowly reaches in, carefully cupping his fingers around the little ball of energy.
“‘ornin’” he croaked back, rubbing his eye with his fist, before clearing his throat. “What’s eating you?”
“That’s not backing me up,” Dean huffed, animatedly dropping his arms to his sides as he slammed himself back in the seat.
Spinning away from the sink, so not to catch an accidental glimpse, he paced across the small confines of the little bathroom, resting his forehead on the far wall, as far from the sink and the test as possible. He closed his eyes.
She twisted, trying to keep Cas in her sights as he stalked around behind her, panic catching her breaths and jumping with a startled gasp when his hands suddenly clamped down hard on her shoulders, holding her in place.
Dean quickly closed the small distance between them, pulling Cas into his arms. “I told you before, get off that damn guilt train, Cas,” he said, his breath puffing against the angel’s neck. “What happened way back when... you gotta let it go, man. Or else it’s going to eat at you.”
The door got off lightly by comparison to what faced the rest of the room inside. Dean tore the room apart, a human tornado of pure rage. Smashing, kicking and throwing anything and everything that dared come close to him.
Castiel hurried away, as Dean checked her over. She was still breathing, but there was a bruise already forming where the Angel’s fist had collided with her temple. Cas hadn't been fucking around. He could have made her fall asleep with a simple touch, instead he had chosen to knock her out with a solid right hook. His Angel was pissed! He patted her down, searching for any more weapons she could have concealed about her person.
Letting his head fall back, Dean breathed in the hot steamy air. Maybe he was overthinking things, but if life had taught him anything it was that if something seemed too good to be true it probably was.
He shivers as the wet heat of Castiel’s mouth suddenly disappears and the cool air chills his overheated slick skin.
It hadn’t taken him long to realize that it was futile. He was kidding himself. Any reminder of his angel wasn’t going to be soothing in that moment, it was only going to serve to remind him of the stabbing longing in his chest that he was trying, and not quite managing to push away from the front of his thoughts.
The first of which had come upon seeing Dean take hundreds of thousands of souls into his body, knowing the hunters life was on borrowed time from that point on. That had made Castiel's stomach and gut feel like they had tightened to the point of implosion and a stinging sensation had sprung in his eyes. But those were physical symptoms, the feelings however were stronger and much, much more painful.
Sam nods, silently agreeing with his brother's request. His scanned around the wreckage of the room, searching for somewhere to sit, settling for perching carefully on the edge of the upturned bed. He crossed his ankles and then his arms. Getting comfy because trying to talk to Dean when he’s wound up this tight was like trying to defuse a bomb when there was no instructions and all the wires were red. Eventually it will go off, but if Sam could use that explosion to his advantage he may just be able to get Dean moving forwards.
Dean twisted in his seat so he could tuck his shoulder in behind Cas and wrapped his arm around his Angel’s waist. Leaning in, he dropped a kiss on the Angel’s jaw, close enough to his ear so he could whisper and wouldn’t be overheard. “He’s not you, Cas.”
“These bruises.” Cas’ fingers slid in a feather-light touch from Dean’s bicep to shoulder and back again.
Castiel didn’t reply. His eyes flitted back and forth, his brow closing in close, troubled with perplexed confusion, looking like he was trying to solve the most morbidly difficult conundrum.
Dean screwed his eyes tight, swallowing a silent growl in expectation for the pain as he stretched open around Cas' girth.
Cas had him in a tight hug before the first tear fell. “You promised,” he grumbled pitifully into his angel’s shoulder, which was getting damper by the second.
Rubbing absently at his chest, the Angel looks up to the taller man. “I never intended for this to happen, Sam.”
“The focus is strong with that one,” Dean chuckled to himself, as he clambered as awkwardly as an upturned turtle out of the nest.
Dean scoffed, turning away. “He didn’t even warn me, Sammy,” he said through a clenched jaw. “Not one fucking word about it!”
However pure Dean's intentions were, it seemed Castiel was not on the same page. He dove into the kiss hungrily, claiming and surrendering. There was a hand combing fingers in the short hairs at the back of his neck, holding him close as if worried the kiss would disappear if given the chance. Another gripping his hip with strong fingers, keeping their lower halves flushed just as tightly together as their waltzing lips and Dean felt the ground slip away from beneath him, before his back slams against something hard and solid. Jaring their lips apart on impact.
“Is this ‘cause of what happened last night? Is that what you're trying to figure out?” Dean asked, hoping he was wrong, knowing he was right.
“I don’t know. We just- I just woke up and he was... I couldn’t wake him.” He was still rambling when Sam got to the door, left open in Dean’s hurry to find help.
Sam sighed, Cas just wasn’t getting it. Even with everything they’d experienced in their eventful lives Dean being pregnant was still an impossible pill to swallow. Sam doesn’t even think he’s fully processed it all himself, he’s just got something else to focus on. Namely getting his brother and Cas through the process of coping with this bombshell. But for Dean this must be so much harder to wrap his head around.
He focused on his breathing, the sound of the wind rushing by, the tranquil sway as Baby sped him towards home. Trying to soak in the soothing vibes and let them gently loll him to sleep... and it may have worked if the sound of Sam’s phone insistently ringing hadn’t disturbed him a little while after.
Dean’s days were spent being forced to rest and recuperate, which he was finding incredibly tedious. Netflix and chill was not as enjoyable when there was no one to do the chilling with, and his angel was preoccupied with research during the day. So he merely used the programs to pass the time between his naps and meals, while he waited for the evening to come.
And then there was Castiel. Though there was no denying the Angel had a strong liking for Dean, love even, but it had never seemed romantic. In fact Cas just seemed completely indifferent when it came to anything sexual. Seeing any rare opportunity that came the Angel’s way as a learning experience and never anything more.
“The only way to guarantee your survival would be to-” Castiel paused, like he was struggling to find the words, or he knows the words but was reluctant to voice them. He bows his head, staring at the table top so as to avoid looking at either of the Winchesters. Sucking in a sharp breath he powers the sentence out. “We would have to terminate the pregnancy.”
Raising his head, Dean finds both of them looking at him with matching oddly confused expressions, like they had almost forgotten he was there.
“I can’t anymore,” Sam said, shaking his head adomently. “Reading about Dean like he’s nothing more than a damn lab rat. How can you stomach it?”
Tea in hand, Dean shouldered open the door, kicking it closed behind him and made his way to the bedside, trying not to look at the occupant of the bed. He didn’t want to see what he’d done to the Angel, wanting to live with just a toe in denial for just a little bit longer. But his guilty conscience just wouldn’t allow him to hold it off.
The weight in Dean’s stomach dropped all the way down to his feet. “You said goin’ to the angels would be a last resort,” he choked out, his eyes filling and spilling over.
With his eyes fixed on the breathless human below, Cas frees himself of the offending clothing, and goes to retake his position on top of Dean, but the hunter has other ideas. Seizing his opportunity, he surges up, planting his lips to Cas', pushing back against the Angel, making just enough of a gap between them so he could work the buttons of Cas' shirt open.
“You’ve got my undivided now,” Dean said, feeling a lot more at ease now he wasn’t the main focus of the conversation. “Lay it on me.”
“You’re not sick,” Cas repeated, deathly serious, eyes glued ahead, refusing to glance Dean’s way. “...You’re pregnant.”
“Yes, I do. You need this, Castiel,” she stated matter-of-factly, as she leaned over the bound man, raising the buzzing silver drill in her hand.
He kept his eyes closed, as the buzzing echoed loudly through the car, and wished that Sam would just hurry up and answer it already, before his concentration was completely broken.
“-I heard what you said!” Dean snapped impatiently. “I wanna know what the hell you’re going on about.”
He took a deep breath. “I was sixteen when my Dad found out I liked guys. To say that he didn’t take it very well would be one hell of an understatement.”
Using the light seeping in from under the door as a guide, Dean makes his way over to the small sink on shaking legs that feel like they can barely hold his weight. Reaching over he flicks on the bedroom light, so he can see what he's doing while he cleans himself up. Wiping off the remains of his orgasm from his stomach and lower chest. He rinses out the washcloth and turns to toss it to Cas, so the Angel can do the same.
That gave him some hope. She would be clueless to the fact that Castiel was currently comatose and Dean was under the effects of the African Dream root. The new couple were sitting ducks if she went scouting around now, but if he could buy Dean enough time for him to get Castiel out, or for the tea to wear off, then there was a chance. Sam’s only worry was that Dean had been out cold for over twice as long as any of the previous dream walks had been before. He had expected there to be differences as Cas was an Angel, but he had anticipated them both, or at least Dean to be out of it by mid-afternoon at the latest. It was now into the early hours of the morning and neither of them had shown any signs of coming around the last few times he had checked in on them both.
He snatched up the instructions. His eyes scanning over the text, searching for something he’d misread, or skipped, or done wrong.
He had sensed the longing from the hunter from very early on, coming in constant waves, like a prayer, that were impossible to miss, but were possible to ignore. So ignore them he had. Always, because Dean did. Dean never commented or acted on those longings, so neither had Castiel. It didn't mean that he didn't feel them, reciprocate them even, but he'd learnt how to feel from the human, and also how to act accordingly with those feelings. So longing and want was something to be ignored. He understood. Or so he had thought. Before tonight.
He felt a gentle kiss press to his forehead before the mattress shifted as Cas got up and out of the bed.
“I...” Dean stammered floundering, as his mouth tried to find words to explain. He wasn’t sure what he was expecting Cas to say, but it certainly wasn’t to be quizzed on what title he introduced Cas as to their British prisoner. “Come on, Cas. I was hardly going to tell her about us. Rule number one of interrogation; don’t show a weakness. It gives the enemy something they can use against you.”
“I don’t know,” Castiel admitted after a moment of silence, “I’m trying to keep it as normal as possible for you.”
Well, it wouldn’t be dating Dean Winchester style without a little make out session on Baby’s back seat... Okay, they hadn’t made it to the back seat, but close enough. He melted into the kiss.
somehow, in a way he couldn’t put his finger on. If he hadn’t been in a state of hyper awareness, searching for any sign of movement, any sign of Cas, Dean probably wouldn’t have even noticed. He couldn’t even tell what it was that made it different, it just was.
Sam sighed, shaking his head. “He gets that. Trust me. But right now, he’s not going to listen to anyone. You can scream at him ‘til you’re blue in the face and it’s not gonna make one iota of difference... This is huge, Castiel. Bigger than huge. He’s gonna need some time to wrap his head around it all. Until then he’s going to lash out and right now you’re public enemy number one.”
"No, Cas," Dean chuckled breathlessly at his Angel's panicked expression. "Nothing wrong with that," he said honestly, struggling to speak through his panting. "Nothing wrong at all, but I don't wanna tap out before the main event."
“Dean’s hormonal,” Castiel announced from his position, sitting on the edge of the bed, elbows resting on his parted knees, head bowed over his clasped hands. “And it’s preventing him from seeing reason.”
Dean narrowed his eyes at his brother. “Unless you’ve been looking at ‘what to expect when you’re expecting a nephilim .com’ they don’t know shit.”
"Well, it's been a long day. I'm going to my room to listen to some music. Loudly, with headphones on, so I won't be able to hear anything." With that Sam strolled out of the room, an amused grin dominating his features. He threw a wave over his shoulder. "Night guys."
A short handful of seconds later Cas gave a couple of fluttered blinks, before his eyes turned soulfully to Dean’s and the hunter didn't think he’s ever seen the Angel look quite like that before, especially not while looking at him. There's sorrow there, and more than a touch of fear. “I’m-”
“And while we’re on the subject,” Dean carried on despite the lack of participation from his angel. “Get off the damn train, Cas. Because news flash for ya. You’re not who you were back then.”
“You - you wanna ... leave?” he questioned, stummberling his words out through a suddenly tight throat.
Giving Cas a confused side-eye, still not following, but trusting he would get an answer eventually, Dean does what he’s told and picks up the one containing the vibrant yellow paint.
It had to be a spell, witches most likely. They should search the room, or the whole bunker for hex bags.
He's still trying to wrap his head around it when he lets out a startled gasp as he feels Cas' hips meet the backs of his thighs.
Briefly, Dean wonders how Cas was able to speak without moving his lips, before realizing that the kiss has ended. Cas isn't pressing into him anymore and Dean's frozen with his lips still pursed against nothing but air. He's panting, with his eyes still lightly closed, the taste of Cas still lingering on his oversensitive, tingling lips and he missed the feeling already. Brief as it was, it was intoxicating, leaving Dean craving more. The kiss of his Angel was worryingly addictive.
“So that’s how many now?” Dean asked absently, staring into his coffee mug, trying to decide whether it was worth drinking it cold just to get some caffeine in his system. He decided against it. “Twelve?”
Dean blinked sleepily, and then let out a deep sigh of regretful realization. He didn’t want to deal with it at that moment, he was too relaxed. But one look into Cas’ inquisitive and worried eyes and he knew he was choiceless. Cas wasn’t going to let it drop. The angel was too stubborn for that.
“Come on,” Sam urged softly, gently pulling him away, and for his child, Dean reluctantly let himself be led to the waiting impala.
Swallowing, Dean willed himself to not be distracted by the miles of smooth skin and toned muscles displayed openly before him. Forcing his eyes to stay focused instead on the three small wounds, one near his left shoulder, the other two unevenly placed on either side of his Angel’s heart, where the bullets were still embedded.
Dean’s grin creeped up mischievously. “What? This pie?” he asked, feigning innocence. Taking up another piece, he placed it carefully on his tongue, making sure to hollow his cheeks as he sucked off the syrup that clung to his finger. Groaning loudly, he let his eyes drop closed.
Dean’s eyes flashed briefly up to his brothers, before returning. He knew that Sam was grasping at any subject as a distraction, and he would want to know what happened, but Dean really, really didn’t want to think about all the fucked up things he had seen in his stroll down angelic Elm Street, much less talk about it. Especially not now when he needed to focus.
Cautiously, Castiel reached towards it, passing through the protective lining searching for the abomination growing within. He can already feel the Nephilim's power. Its grace fueled by the stolen part of Dean’s soul, heating up the inside of its womb a few degrees hotter than the rest of Dean’s natural core temperature. Even in its miniscule stature the power is intense. The changes it’s already made to Dean’s body frightening in such a short space of time.
Sam was right, caffeine would not be good for Dean at that time. While a single small cup may not be necessarily harmful, Dean would gain nothing beneficial from it and the drug may have served to upset his already far too sensitive stomach.
Sam gasped at the familiarity of the sight, remembering the pain of his own Angelic ‘cavity search’ when they had found out his soul was missing.
The brothers had been glad to see the back of her. With the threat of an angelic mind purge hanging in the background she had given up any information they asked for, so there was no further use for her. And keeping a prisoner wasn’t fun. There was only so many times you can clean out a bucket before you start wishing they’d just escape.
But he let it slide as Cas pulled in a sharp breath and continued determinedly. He can ask later. When he’s got the most important answer that he needs right now.
Cas hadn't done this before. He had, but he hadn't. He had been human at the time. The Angel had never had sex, as an Angel.
“Come on, man, don’t leave me hangin’,” he teased, dipping his head to try and catch his Angel’s eye. “Is that a yes?”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment, because dammit Cas was right. Amara hadn’t conjured artificial feelings, she had only brought to the surface ones that both of them had repressed, for years.
They had learnt a lot about Dean’s pregnancy from Doctor Silverman’s notes. They had already known beforehand that nephilim grew at their own pace, but now knew that that pace was a far quicker one than any of them had anticipated. Only twenty-three weeks, rather than the standard forty. They had also known that the nephilim pregnancy had caused Dean to grow a womb, but they now knew that that womb was located attached to Dean’s colon and also had a placenta and a cervix - the latter of which they had deliberately neglected to mention to the older Winchester.
The cashier sniggered awkwardly, the side glances increasing. Dean stared at him, unblinking, giving his best ‘I’m not amused’ glare, maintaining eye contact until the giggles died abruptly and the guy’s face dropped. He nervously pointed out where the bathroom was.
“The world wouldn’t have needed saving if it wasn’t for you two Neanderthals blundering into things without a clue.” Dean heard her smug reply to Sam.
Castiel’s fingers closed around the glass as he slowly rotated it over the smooth surface of the bar, his eyes hypnotically focused on the bronze depths within. If their roles had been reversed Dean may have been grateful for the drink in this dark time and oddly Castiel found some small comfort in the tiny connection, a small subtle link to the hunter he was missing past the point of being unbearable.
Since then Sam had thoughtfully taken to eating in his room, so the sights and smells wouldn’t travel to his brother’s oversensitive nose and upset the pregnant man now that he was finally able to keep down his meals.
She was currently dripping blood onto the library floor from a wound on her palm. Self inflicted if the banishing sigil on the pillar beside her was anything to go by. So she knew about angels and was ready to get Castiel out of her way should he make an appearance. It confirmed what she had said about the Brits keeping an eye on their American counterparts, although when she had asked about Dean’s whereabouts she seemed to believe him when Sam had lied and claimed Dean had died taking out the darkness. So although she was informed, it wasn’t one-hundred percent up to date.
They were sat on the hood of the Impala, the cooling and fast disappearing pie between them. Dean had driven them to what he had called a ‘make out spot’, whatever that meant. The Angel hadn’t questioned it. Regardless of what it was called the location was beautiful. Open landscape scattered in wild flowers for miles around them and far enough away from any major roads and cities that the sky was clear of any pollutants, making the stars above them appear that much brighter. Not that the Angel was paying much attention to the scenery.
The bottle shattered against the back wall, spraying glass shards and amber liquid everywhere, dripping down onto the bookcase below. Breathing heavily, Dean slammed himself into one of the chairs, head dropping to the table enclosed by his arms. Throwing the bottle hadn’t made him feel any better, but at least the temptation was gone.
“It makes me uncomfortable,” Castiel admitted grumpily. Answering Dean’s unasked question as soon as they were alone.
He watched Cas closely, waiting to see if his angel would reject or accept what he was telling him. Hoping it would be the latter. Cas had held himself accountable for too much, for too long. He’d changed, he’d grown and Dean would tell him so every goddamned day of the rest of his life if he had too, but he hoped that wouldn’t be necessary. He hoped that Cas would give himself the break that Dean knew, deep down to his soul, that his angel deserved.
Tonight that need for each other that bonded them profoundly, yet distanced them in mutual silent understanding had shattered, exploded and all but consumed the Angel. The internal barrier that had kept those emotions at bay from his constant thoughts, kept them distant, faded, blurred, yet not forgotten, had disappeared the moment Dean's lips found his. An all new consuming rush forced itself to the forefront of Castiel's self, it's overpowering brightness casting every other thought, feeling and most relevantly doubt, into shadow. Racking up the volume of his need in a new way that made it impossible to ignore. Completely impossible.
“Do you miss flying?” It’s out of Dean’s mouth before he even thought about it and he internally kicks himself. Dammit, his brain was either love-drunk, or stuck on dumbass mode. Because of course Cas would miss it, it was stupid to ask. Flying was the natural thing for the Angel. He might as well have asked an amputee if he missed a limb. Dean’s eyes flick to Cas in time to see his face fall slightly.
But as his lips met skin, Cas turned. It was a tiny movement, a subtle shift, but caused Dean to miss his intended target. Stubble lightly grazes across his lips, before... For the second time since he had gotten back to the bunker, Dean was stunned into silence, not that he wanted to speak at the moment, his mouth was far too occupied with something far more enjoyable, but even if he did he knew he wouldn't be able to think of a single thing to say. He freezes, shocked into complete motionlessness, mind flung out to the stratosphere, leaving behind only one realization.
Dean was out like a shot, before he could make a mess and ruin the leather seats, ignoring Cas’ puzzled call of his name. It was too risky to speak right now. Slamming the door behind him and plonking himself heavily to the ground, using Baby as a shield. Cas didn’t need to see him spew his guts up, not if Dean could help it.
“You hang on in there little guy, okay?" Dean's voice cracked as he spoke, whispering softly with his head bowed as he petted his palm across his stomach. "We'll get out of this. They won't leave us here. Your Uncle... he’s the best hunter I know, so smart and resourceful. If there’s a way he’ll find it, and if not he’ll damn well figure one out. And your Father,” Dean let out a single laugh through his nose, “let’s just say, getting me out of hell is something he’s familiar with... So don’t you worry little guy, huh?”
He tried to ignore the growing uneasy feeling in his stomach that hadn’t started that long ago, but was stubbornly staying put, causing his mouth to water near constantly. But he wasn’t about to let a little nausea ruin things for Cas.
He felt as much as heard the “Good morning Dean” rumble through his back where it was so tightly pressed against his angel’s chest. Dean willed himself not to tense up. Cas’ tone may have been soft, gentle even, but Dean could almost feel the underlying anger hidden within, that had the angel close to vibrating next to him.
His wild one man demolition continued until the room was just as shattered and torn up as his thoughts were, littered with broken pieces of wood, glass and other debris that had only minutes before been solid furniture and fittings.
Showered, shaved and feeling more or less back to as carefree as he had been when he’d first woken, Dean sauntered into the kitchen. He found Cas and Sam huddled at the small table opposite each other. Both had wide eyes fixed on pages from Silverman’s files, while Sam absently munched his way through what looked like to Dean something that would be scraped out of the bottom of a guinea pig hutch.
He kept his eyes closed, feigning sleep, so Sam would stop with the worriedly pitying looks, or at least Dean wouldn’t be able to see them, but in the blackness behind his close lids his mind swam, remembering when he had hung on to Cas’ coat once before.
“Then what did I just say?” Sam challenged as he crosses his arms, not believing Dean’s claim for a second. He had been snoring for God’s sake. And Drooling.
Despite what Dean had said, Castiel would not be accompanied by Sam.  The idea of taking Sam with him and leaving Dean completely alone was out of the question. He would not be leaving Dean on his own. Not after what happened the last time.
But that still didn’t explain the lack of reports to Dean. Two in the last hundred years was still twice as many bearers of the mark since Cain had taken it from Lucifer a millennia ago. He was about to voice his thoughts when Cas continued.
Castiel's baffled expression made the corner of Dean’s mouth twitch up in amusement. “Why?” he droned out, as if the answer was so obvious that the question was redundant. “Have you looked in a mirror recently? Because you’re hot.”
Dean was up in a flash, kneeling over the Angel. Panic in his braking voice as he shook shoulders, cupped cheeks, pleading. "Cas?... What's wrong? Cas?... Come on man snap out of it!...”
Dean is content to wait until they’re alone, before getting out of his seat and offering his hand to his Angel.
“You tried to visit my dreams?” Dean quizzed, unsure why he found that information surprising. Castiel would have done anything he could to get to him, Dean knew that.
Dean’s eyes flicked to Cas’ silently inquiring about the honesty of her claim. Cas nodded back to him and Dean stopped himself from beaming triumphantly. It was a smart move on her part, they would get whatever information they wanted out of her either way, so it was better for her to give it willingly than to have it painfully extracted out of her through Cas.
Dean’s worried voice punched its way through the Enochian playing demandingly through his skull and Castiel reached his arm back in a halting gesture. A silent plea for Dean to stay laying where he was and preferably go back to sleep. Growing a new life was not easy and Dean needed all the rest he could get. Not to mention the hunter was like a bear when his sleep was disturbed and Castiel was under no doubt that the hormones would not help in that matter.
“He’s not thinking clearly,” Castiel argued. “He doesn’t understand how dangerous this is and I don’t have the luxury of giving him the time.”
Dean intended the kiss to be a gentle one for both their sakes. Despite his fierce resolve, he was highly aware that they were entering uncharted territory and it never hurt to be cautious. Sure his nerves seemed to have taken a road trip to some unknown distant location and his mind seemed to be short-circuiting like a faulty fuse box, but that didn't mean he was thoughtless.
At some point Cas’ eyes had dropped closed, or maybe Sam had closed them when he had checked him over. Dean didn't know which, either way he was grateful. There had been something very unnerving about the Angel’s unblinking, unfocused stare. Cas had lived for countless millennia, seen creation, survived holy wars. His touch could heal or kill as he chose. Yet the heavenly Angel broke after the touch of Dean Winchester.
He jerked his head up at the sound of his name. Cas was knelt over Sam, but instead of healing him, as Dean expected him to be, Cas was staring at his own hands, a look of bewilderment dominating his features. “What?”
But Cas stills, his eyes flitting back and forth between his poised hand and Dean's face, looking just as nervously unsure as Dean is feeling, like he'd just been handed the keys to a million dollar Mercedes, or something far more precious - Baby, and was worried that he couldn't handle the responsibility, or doubting his ability to handle it.
It made no difference to the angel. He would probably be able to consume everything on display behind the bar and still feel little to no effects.
Before he could verbalize his thought however, Cas continued. “Do you have anymore made-up reasons for torturing yourself, or are you done being a dumbass?”
Briefly, Dean wondered if Cas would see this as an invasion of his privacy. Not that Dean had much of a choice. Not keeping his feelings well enough hidden had caused this, whatever this was and he was going to do whatever it took to get his friend back... He hoped he would get his friend back, Dean panicked. Because what if Cas couldn’t forgive him, what if knowing what had happened made things too awkward between them to ever get over. “I’m sorry, Cas. I’m so sorry... I hope...I hope you can forgive me.”
Dean's head was reeling, completely at his wits end, unable to keep up with Cas' speeded progress. He could swear blind that he was fully dressed only seconds before, now the only thing covering his skin was his underwear and Cas. Cas, who seemed to have hands everywhere, covering more of his body than his clothes ever had. There was hands caressing his back, his sides, his chest, sliding up and down smoothly. There was lips and - Jesus fuck - tongue and teeth on his throat, as the caresses slip lower... Dean's breath caught, a gasp stuck in his throat, as Cas' hands slipped, without any hesitancy, beneath the waistband of his boxers, stroking firmly over the skin of his ass and pushing down his last remaining piece of material protection.
Until he had to pull over, quickly. Sending a sandy cloud out behind the Impala as she swerved off the road into the dirt, breaking hard.
The mere memory of it caused Deans insides to twitch excitedly. In his wildest fantasies he hadn't imagined anything close to the reality.
Cas stood behind a sturdy looking wooden work bench. He watched closely as Dean approached, his eyes scanning over the hunter’s worried features, his lips parted loosely, before his searching eyes found Dean's, locking on in a gentle realization. His brow puckered, “Dean?”
“Cas! What the hell?!” Sam exclaimed, jumping to his feet, eyes wide in stunned disbelief, as his older brother slumped in Castiel’s arms, rendered unconscious by the Angel’s touch. In one fluid motion Castiel caught Dean around the shoulders, and kneeling carefully lowered him gently to the ground. “What are you doing?”
Dean ignored his question, he didn’t know how much longer the African Dream tea would be in effect or how long they’d already been stuck in Cas’ nightmares for, but either way he needed to get Cas out of this and the sooner the better. “Listen man, this isn’t real. You’re not really here, neither of us are. You’re dreaming. We’re at the bunker and you've gone full lights on but nobody's home. I need you to wake up. You have to wake up.”
“And while that was all going on, who had his back? Huh? When Bobby and I were convinced he was up to something, who was it arguing for him, giving him the benefit of the doubt.”
A full bodied tremor rolled through the Angel between his thighs. “Very much so,” he breathed heavily, ‘little Cas’ twitching in agreement against Dean’s stomach.
In this hellhole however, Dean didn’t feel that presence, he only felt lost, like a physical fist clutching in his chest.
were gently working him open, so soft and with so much care, all the while the Angel’s mouth seems set on devouring every inch of his skin as he makes his way down to Dean’s abdomen, proves that.
“I don’t. I- ” the Angel gasped out in mournful denial. Castiel’s head dropped, a sob catching in his throat as he forced the last few words out. “When I look at her, all I see is myself... I don’t want to look at my daughter and see the face of Dean’s killer staring back at me.”
As relief at hearing his Angel’s voice washing through him, Dean couldn’t help but let out a chuckle at the absurdity of Cas’ question. He had just spent the best part of the day potentially searching for the Angel’s corpse and the first thing he’s asked is if
All those years he’d harbored feelings for his Angel, while keeping the truth to himself and effectively friendzoning him. Now understanding how difficult it was for him to interpret human emotion he realized just how misleading his mixed signals must have been for Cas.
“It would appear that the coffee didn’t have the effect he desired,” Castiel mused as he watched over his slumbering mate, who was slumped over the kitchen table, his head resting on his folded arm and wondered at what point had drooling and snoring stopped being curious human behaviours to him and had become something the angel found endearing. On Dean anyway.
It was only at the mention of it that Dean remembered Cas telling him that a nephilim heart had been one of the key ingredients in the spell to close the gates of Heaven. Or so had been believed. At the time Dean had been far more focused on getting Sam through his set of trials to even consider the specifics of the angels' own mission. He’d already been distressed beyond reason witnessing all that his baby brother was going through, without the added heartache of knowing that if Metatron and Cas were successful in their plan, then all angels, Cas included, would be locked in Heaven for good. His angel would have never been able to return to Earth -  to him - at a time when he arguably needed Cas the most. The thought didn’t bear thinking about, so the last thing to cross his mind was the details of the spell, which at the time had seemed so unimportant in comparison.
“Yes, Sam,” Castiel responded, freeing his hand from Dean’s light grasp and quickly healing the hunter's wounded knuckles before he could have a chance to object.
Sam huffed. “I was saying that word from Garth is that the British have contacted more Hunters. Four in the last two days.”
He turned away in disgust. Even without morning sickness the look of his brother’s ‘breakfast’ would have turned his stomach. Not to mention that the pair of them being so engrossed over paperwork was just plain wrong. No one should be that eager to do research, not ever, regardless of the subject matter. It just wasn’t natural.
“No. I didn’t know how you were there or how long it would last so I gave you, as you would say, the short version.”
“You, Dean,” Sam continued, after giving Dean a chance to answer and realized  he wasn't going to. “You’ve always had his back. Even when maybe you shouldn’t have. You’ve always believed in him, just like he has with you... and I know you don’t wanna hear this right now but Cas isn’t the bad guy here.”
His lids parting slightly, giving away only the smallest glimpse of blue edges around lust blown pupils. Deep inside the hunter saw something, almost hidden behind the need, the desperate drive. Cas is lost, completely overwhelmed. Which didn't make any sense. Cas had done this before. Okay not exactly
Dean jolted his head up. Still unable to believe the cruelty he’s hearing and seeing from those that Cas calls his brothers. He watched as the sick twisted Angel eeny meenied between Cas’ chained wrists, before bringing the bloodied blade right up to Cas’ face, tapping him threateningly on the tip of his  nose. “Meeny.” Cas’ eyes widen, a silent plea, but he doesn’t beg, he doesn’t speak at all. Whether it’s his stubbornness or pride, or he’s simply unable to speak anymore in his internal struggle to keep the curse at bay, Dean can’t tell, knowing Cas it could be any, or all three.
The last two weeks of being with Dean had taught Castiel something that the Angel hadn’t suspected. Dean was affectionate. Very affectionate. Dean seemed to practically crave touch, as if he had been starved of it. Whenever they were alone Castiel would find himself being hugged, or caressed, or kissed for no apparent reason. Not that he was complaining, Dean’s embrace had quickly become addictive to the Angel also, and he relished each chance he got to show physical affection towards the hunter he longed for just as fiercely.
The desire to be close to Dean, he'd felt whenever in the hunter's presence, had been there for a long time. Stubbornly growing more apparent as the years went by. At first he hadn't understood what those feelings meant. Any sort of human emotion was new and unheard of for Angels, but losing his grace had shown him with crystal clarity the truth behind them and his night with April had taught him there was more to them than a simple attraction, or need for sexual gratification. Despite Dean's fierce aversion to any kind of talk about his emotion, Castiel had wanted to be honest, explain everything to him and hope that Dean could give him some level of understanding, though it may have been an awkward conversation, especially considering that Castiel was certain that Dean reciprocated those feelings, but had chosen for some unknown reason to ignore them. The next time they had been alone and Dean had asked to talk to him, Castiel had assumed that was it. Finally after years of him not understanding and the hunter dodging around the subject, this was it. But instead Dean had asked him to leave. The pain of rejection Cas had felt in that moment was unbearable and made Castiel reconsider all he thought he had come to believe.
He was holding back. Muscles so tensed it looked like he was trying to hold the weight of the whole world on his shoulders. Teetering on the edge, afraid of what would happen if he fell. Completely undone. Lost in sensation. His hooded eyes, glazed and unfocused drifted to Dean's, lost and pleading. "It's... it's not like... I can't... I..." So desperate and need filled. His breathing coming in fast, uneven staggered pants, making the tendons in his throat stand out as he gasps and whines.
It wasn’t that the bed was uncomfortable, Dean had slept in far worse with no problems. Throughout his hunters life he had trained himself to be able to fall asleep at the drop of a hat, getting his required four hours whenever he could. Hell, he could probably sleep standing up if he needed to.
For now all Sam could do was stall, hopefully to give his brother the time he needed, and try not to bleed out in the meantime.
Cas pushed aside his own coffee, that he had no intention of drinking, laced his fingers together on the tabletop and let his inquisitive stare fall back on Dean, as he leaned forward in his seat. “Why did you refer to me as your friend?”
“Screw them,” Cas replied, his voice soft but demanding. “Their opinion of you is of no import to me.”
When Dean had first learned about Castiel’s part in the nephilim killings he had been compassionate, sympathetic even. Recognizing that Castiel had little to no choice in the matter. He had been a soldier, it was a mission and his rebellion would have ultimately changed nothing. He had refused to put blame on Castiel, but this was not the same. Akobel wasn’t just another angel who had broken the law that Castiel had been ordered to kill. This was the angel - the only angel, as far as Castiel was aware - that had the knowledge of how his mate had survived birthing a nephilim.
Dean turned away. He wasn’t worthy of praise for something he had caused. “I fucked up, Cas. I was cleaning up my mess.”
Sam was pacing a grove in the war room floor when Castiel got back to the bunker. His phone pressed tight to his ear as he listened intently, but he looked up as the angel entered, mouthing “did you get it?” silently, as Castiel trudged down the staircase, heavily surveying the evidence of Sam’s manhunt strewn over the table.
“Hello Sam,” The Angel’s voice was voided, sounding empty in a way Sam hadn’t heard since he had first met him. It lacked the fierceness and reverence it had back then, but a similarity could be drawn. Though, before, the somber tone had been due to Castiel’s lack of emotion or rather the inability to express them, not hollow in defense of them. Numbed in his desperation to avoid them. Guarded and closed off to protect himself. The pain of his grief too much for the Angel to bear.
“Dean?” Cas’ eyes were laser locked on his, full of confusion and concern, but Dean couldn’t think about that now. His head was too full of his own anger and relief as the fear washed out of him in an almost dizzying wave, leaving him near breathless as he gripped Cas’ jacket and shirt collar tightly. His hand tightening as if afraid the angel would disappear again the second he let go.
When he had first started feeling he had believed that he couldn’t share his burden with others. His brethren would have viewed him as an anomaly in need of fixing and the humans that had become his friends could never understand.
“How was the date?” Sam asked cheerfully, hearing the bunker door squeak open. He heard it slam shut, a little harder than necessary. No answer to his question. He looked up.
“We can’t wait, Sam.” Castiel told him. Nephilim grew into their powers, eventually becoming much stronger than the Angel that sired them and Castiel had no knowledge of when precisely that would be. He only knew that they grew at their own pace, so maybe there was no way of knowing. At the moment there was a good chance that he would only have to take back his grace, or heal the fragment of Dean’s soul, or crush the collection of cells, to save Dean’s life. If he could do this before it became a conscious life in its own right, there was a chance. But the longer the pregnancy was allowed to continue the less likely Castiel would be able to end it. “It has to be now, before it’s too late.”
Well, damn, when he put it like that what was Dean meant to say, because it wasn’t until Cas pointed it out that he realized just how obvious it was.  “Alright I’ll give you that,” Dean smiled, then pressed further.  “But
“You haven’t seen the best bit,” Dean stated with a beaming smile, striding towards the closed nursery door and swinging it wide open to welcome Sam inside. Watching his brother eagerly, as he crossed over to have his first look at the newly decorated room.
“No,” Castiel sighed, ashamed that all he felt was relief in that moment. Dean and their baby may be safe for now, but someone else wasn’t. “A friend of mine has been killed.”
Was he saying that? Is that what he wanted? Right now, he didn’t know. But the one thing he did know, with absolute clarity, is that killing it wasn’t an option. It just wasn’t. It deserves a chance, a chance to live. Dean hadn’t asked for this, and by the sounds of what the Angel had told him Cas hadn’t either, but neither had the Nephilim. “I’m not saying that I wanna do this, but... it’s innocent. And it’s a part of me, a part of us, all of us... it’s family. And we don’t give up on family. Not ever!”
Cas nodded thoughtfully. “That would explain why I was unable to contact you through your dreams. Sedation is not a natural sleep.”
“Yeah, she urm... she said something to me and when I got back we were acting... differently, and ... It has to be a spell or something.” Dean stammered out. His voice thick with shame. “Maybe Cas sensed it and tried to stop it or it affected him differently, or it’s a side effect, I don’t know, but it’s the only thing that makes sense.”
“But I can’t see him!” Dean reason right back. “I’m just going off basic high-school biology here. With two X Y parents, chances are only one in three of us having a girl. I’m just playing the odds. But you - you can see it.”
Throwing open the trunk, he surveyed the tightly packed interior, his hands fisting on his hips as he let out a tired sounding sigh. It was a lot of stuff to haul in and he was stiff from sitting in the same position for hours. He was exhausted, but the problem was that he had arrived back in that annoying time of the day where it was too early to be up, but not enough time left in the night for sleep to be worthwhile.
The cell - that he had woken up in many times before - may have reeked of isolation and depression, with it’s cold metal walls, steel cot and fitted toilet facilities, but at least it wasn’t the doctor's lab. For the most part, the worst that had happened in there was boredom, with only his own troubled thoughts for company, while he recovered from whatever the Doctor had last put him through.
As the day had passed, their group had lessened, as each of them started to realize that they were searching in vain.
With another ‘I’m fine’, ‘I’m great’ or other similes ready to jump from his lips, Dean stopped and reconsidered. He was ‘fine’, at least in the physical sense of the word, but it was abundantly clear that wasn’t what Cas was asking about. He’d been in his own head for the bulk of the day, too focused on his own doubts and concerns to think about how his behavior could be interpreted by his Angel and it’s clear from Cas’ expression that his troubled musings hadn’t gone unnoticed. He was left with really only one option, because Cas clearly wasn’t going to be swayed with any denial Dean could throw at him. Dean could claim to be okay till the cows came home, but his Angel wasn’t going to believe it and if anyone could out stubborn a Winchester it was the Angel currently waiting for an answer.
He hated this. Hated having to leave. Hated that he was sneaking off in the dead of night. Hated that Dean’s subconscious already knew what the Angel was planning, when he hadn’t even done it yet. He wanted nothing more than to settle Dean back in his arms, nuzzle his sleeping mate, feel Dean relaxed against him and spend the night with his mate and child safely in his embrace.
Castiel nodded in affirmation, pulling out the punch that housed the precious crystal that was crucial to their plans to rescue Dean from his inner pocket, carefully placing it on the table alongside Sam’s papers.
Castiel’s words were a whispered promise, no hint of uncertainty and relief washed through him. A breath hadn't been aware of holding escapes, uncontrolled honest words chasing after, "Me either," before their lips locked together once again, in a near urgent eagerness.
"Don't do that," Cas said in a gentle request, pushing on Dean's chin to release his lower lip from being trapped in his teeth. "I want to hear you."
“Things change,” Toni stated, with a nonchalant shrug. “Thanks to all of you heathens refusing to see reason, they’ve realized that I was right all along. I knew you American’s would be more trouble than you’re worth and you’ve all proved me correct.”
“-Because I got news for you Buddy, maybe I would have watched what I was saying if someone had informed me of the consequences!”
“Let him go,” Sam instructs, throwing his arm across Cas’ chest to block the Angel as he went to follow. “Just give him some space. He needs it.”
“What happened?” Sam asked, deliberately directing his question to Cas, as it was clear the Angel was going to be the more forthcoming of the two of them. He winced as Dean hit something hard at the end of the knife and started the process of trying to hook it out of his brother's leg.
Dean could feel Cas’ smile as he brought their lips together and couldn’t help but match it through their kiss. “And, for the record, you’ll never need mojo to get me horny.”
.’ Dean wanted to scream at the pair of them, unable to believe how nonchalantly they were talking. They could have just as easily been discussing the weather. After everything he had seen in Cas’ memories he couldn’t make light of the horrors he’d witnessed, the mere thought tore up his insides. The unfazed way his brother and Angel spoke about it was grating his last nerve. Tensing his jaw, he threw a look of total annoyance at the wound, keeping quiet so he could concentrate on the task at hand.
Dean stood back watching Sam with wrapped attention while he checked Castiel’s breathing and other vitals, glad that even in his panic, he had had the sense to rearrange the covers over the naked Angel before rushing off. At least he could protect Cas’ modesty even if he hadn’t been able to protect Cas from whatever was affecting the Angel right now.
Cas needed to look after him, and as much as Dean didn’t want to be coddled, he wasn’t going to deny that to Cas. So instead of protesting, he flopped onto his back in an overly dramatic fashion. “You wanna kiss ‘em better?” he teased sarcastically.
However this man-made movie had proved to him that he had been mistaken. Humans may not have been able to understand, but if they could invent a character with similar attributes then they should be able to at least sympathize. It was heartwarming for Castiel to know that back then he could have gone to Dean, even if he hadn’t believed it at the time.
As the day had passed and their hope to find the angel ebbed away, the more tearful the pregnant man had grown and there was nothing Sam could do to ease his brother's pain.  He knew that nothing short of finding the angel would soothe him, but he couldn’t magically make Castiel appear. He couldn’t even explain where Castiel was, or what had happened to him, because if everything had gone as planned, they should have found him already.
“Buffy the nephilim slayer here,” Dean snapped, jerking his palm in Castiel’s direction, “got himself a howler and wants to go running off for a little family reunion.”
Cas’ voice, heavily laced with fear, is the first thing he noticed. His Angel was usually so skilled at hiding it, must be completely terrified for it to be so obvious.
The whole thing was so pointless and unnecessary. Why in the world was he standing in a cramped service station bathroom waiting for results of a test that’s impossible to have any result other than negative? That damn Angel was making him crazy. Part of him wanted to give up on the whole thing, throw the stupid test in the garbage where it belongs and just walk out, but he knew just how stubborn Cas could be. So stubborn in fact, that Dean wondered if the test would be enough to convince the Angel. What if even after it’s done, with the proof in front of them Cas still refused to believe the outcome, still maintained his ridiculous notion that they could conceive, what then? Wait nine months for a baby
“We’ve been looking for hours. He’s -” Sam cut himself off as Dean turned a hard glare into a warning.
Dean kept his expression neutral as he closed the door, sealing their prisoner inside and muting her angered shouts of protest. Once hidden from her view he turned to Cas and his face broke into a tilted prideful smile.
“They dared to touch you,” Cas snapped, his words forced through clenched teeth. “They’re lucky they’re dead.”
Dean turned his back to him, so not to have to see the pain on Cas’ face. Okay, he hadn’t meant that. Not entirely. Not the way it had come out. What he had meant was that he didn't care about the risks. All pregnancies carried a certain risk, right? Maybe his was a much riskier one, but they were used to insurmountable odds and it didn't mean that the kid deserved to die.
Sam grinned, despite Dean’s inappropriate teasing. If his brother was making light of the situation things were boding better than he had dared hope. “Well, I’ve pulled out what I can find that the men of letters have on Nephilims,” he told them, gesturing to the assortment of research material he had gathered together, starting to spread it out between them.
Slamming the lid of the toilet seat down, Dean sat heavily with a frustrated sigh. He forcefully ripped open the box and yanked out the paper instructions.
A small smile tugs up at his lips, while his hand subconsciously grazes under his shirt, palming protectively over his stomach. Their child.
"Come for me, Cas... Come with me," Dean urges, and as if he's held off for permission Cas' hips grinded in, deep and powerful, leaving Dean jarred into breathlessness and his eyes clamp shut against the pounding ecstasy that's forced into him as Cas hits that sweet spot with every forceful jerk of his hips and tips Dean over the edge.
“Oh you have believe me,” she said with a proud half grin tugging up the corner of her lips. “I said that when the rats refuse to be trained, you don’t keep trying... you call an exterminator.”
Yet the hunter would awkwardly shy away, denying himself, whenever in the presence of anyone else, looking uncomfortable in his own skin, but  Castiel felt it every time Dean brushed himself against him in a seemingly unintentional way. It saddened the Angel to know that Dean was robbing himself of what he truly wanted because he was raised to believe that it was a sign of weakness or would make him less of a man in the eyes of his long dead Father. If the Angel ever made it back up to heaven he may just seek out the soul and enlighten him to the damage his dogmatic intolerance had caused in his loving son.
“Come on, what’s there to be jealous of?” Dean scoffed. “You guys are immortal and all-powerful. You can literally kill with a touch. I’m only as powerful as the weapon I'm wielding.”
Decision made, he pushed his fist forward, using his grace to phase his vessels hand and forearm into another plane so it could pass into Dean’s torso harmlessly, albeit painfully. Had the hunter not been asleep it would be excruciating. Even in his unconsciousness Dean’s face still twisted into a wince, and Cas sent out a silent apology as he pressed in past his wrist.
Now, with those long lashes resting peacefully against Cas’ cheeks, Dean could imagine he was sleeping, dreaming of their one and only perfect night together. Dean knew that wasn’t the case, but for a brief second he let himself believe it. Before he had to face the truth and let go of his long coveted Angel to save him.
“It’s never just one with you,” Sam stated. “Look, I’ve been looking online at diets during pregnancies and yours is far from ideal. You can’t live off just fruit. You need more variety, you especially need proteins.”
“I’m fine,” he replied gruffly. However the further raising of the Angel’s brow clearly showed he wasn’t being believed.
Dean's teeth chattered, in a way that had nothing to do with being cold. Hesitantly, he opened his eyes and took in the cell he had woken up in. Despite his nerves, the room was definitely the lesser of two evils, if he had to choose...
And just like that, all the blissed tranquility Dean had been experiencing since he woke evaporated, leaving behind only a tight ball of tension in the pit of his stomach.
Dean melted into the kiss. His hands coming up automatically to pull Cas closer still, hold him against his chest, feeling that weight that he had the night before, still unable to believe that it was all real. It was really happening.
“Yeah, Cas. It’s me.” Dean told him softly, approaching the Angel cautiously, like he was a cornered animal that would bolt at any moment. He looked... lost, completely lost. “You okay?”
The times he woke in this cell were a reprieve, a break, but one he knew wouldn’t last. Soon he would be back on that table for whatever the Doctor had thought up next.
He didn't need conscious thought, or the ability to speak, to instinctively lean into the hug. Bringing his arms around Cas, pulling his secretly coveted Angel that bit closer, he hid a secret grin as Cas' soft hair caught on his stubble and tickled his cheek.
“Kiddo’s growing so quick, Cas,” Sam stated, far from exaggerating. The hunter had been told that Nephilims grow at their own rate and Dean’s pregnancy had proven that more than once. There were no rules to the speed, it just happened as they needed it to. It had been a shock for the first-time Uncle when he had found a toddler in the crib, where he had left an infant the night before. “You’re missing so much.”
before he shoved it out of his head. It was years ago, he was over it, he hadn’t thought about it in forever.
“I’m really sorry I got you involved in this, Buddy,” he whispered over Cas’ sleeping form. And in one last moment of weakness, he leaned over and pressed a lingering soft kiss to the Angel defined cheek bone. Kissing goodbye to the idea of ‘them’. He’d been foolish to think for even a second that what he and Cas shared could be anything more than a close friendship. The guy was a freaking Angel, he deserved so much better than the messed up, broken hunter, with so much blood on his hands, so many scars on his soul, that Dean was sure not even a crossroads demon would have wanted the tattered mess anymore. It wouldn’t be worth a worn nickel, let alone the love of an Angel. Worthless. Hell, the demon would have probably charged
“Nerds,” he muttered to himself, as he swung open the fridge door, scanning the contents for something palatable. Unable to decide whether attempting to get into the prickly pineapple would be worth the effort or should he just go with the far simpler chunky looking watermelon instead.
But he has to do this! For Dean, to save him. To save the life of the man he loves more than anything else.
Sam pursed his lips with a skeptical shrug, “I have no idea. I don't even know if Angels dream, but it’s all we got and we should have everything we need right here.”
Rowena could be a very powerful ally, and it would be in her own interest of self preservation if she were to assist them as the British Men of letters had been going after witches, however he and Sam had agreed from the start of their planning that the fewer people who knew about the nephilim the safer it would be for everyone. It would only take one well meaning but misplaced prayer for heaven to discover that Dean was pregnant. So while they needed all the help they could get and in this fight, those who did join them would be kept in the dark about that particular detail of the rescue.
He waited, hoping his prayer would work as Cas had said it would. He could not handle another trip down the Angel’s memory Lane right now.
Reluctantly he removed his lips from Cas' as he popped open the last button. Laying back to stare up at Cas propped over him, fists either side of his head. He let the white dress shirt fall open, revealing the Angel's impressive chest. Dean had learnt long ago that he enjoyed firm muscles just as much as soft curves, but with Cas... it was something new all together. His hands move almost on autopilot, discarding the shirt and then grasping over abs and pecs, feeling the muscles tense with his touch under smooth flawless skin.
Castiel waited, counting down the seconds in the requested minute, wondering what Dean could possibly hope to accomplish in such a small measurement of time.
Seeing the Angel cry had been truly heartbreaking, Cas had never cried before. Sam hadn’t even known he could.
With his free hand, Dean lifted Cas’ from his hip. Interlacing their fingers, he brought their palms to rest over his stomach.
“There was a girl, Cas,” Dean explained, hoping it would be explanation enough. “I don’t know how he knew, whether he was watching me or had someone reporting to him. I wouldn’t put either past him. But he knew and once he was satisfied that his son wasn’t a faggot anymore he came for me. If it wasn’t for Sammy I wouldn’t have left. He never said anything. We never spoke about it. Ever... but I knew. I knew...”
"Fuck, Cas," Dean's breaths are coming too quick, but not deep enough. His own arousal heavy, trapped between their stomachs, practically singing with the friction of Cas' powerful thrusts, that's turning him into little more than a moaning mass of wanton need in record time.
He can’t help the buck of his hips as he’s sucked, licked and - god help him - lightly scraped with gentle teeth. Tongue tracing each nerve ending with precision accuracy, all the while fingers continued to push and open, impossible to not demand the bulk of his attention.
Leaning against the table Dean glared down at the vacant Angel, grinding his jaw in frustration and clasped his hands together. ‘
So so so sorry for the long delay on getting this chapter up. It was a battle and I've lost count on how many times it has been re-written now. Your comments and support and knowing that people are waiting got me through it and stopped me tossing in the towel.
“Yeah, Cas. It was awesome.” Dean dropped a kiss to Cas’ forehead, running his palm down the Angel’s spine, noting both, unlike his own, were smooth and sweat free. He snorted. “Last time you blew up the bedroom, this time I find you don’t have a gag reflex. What ya gonna surprise me with next, Cas?” Dean laughed, only half joking.
“I was a soldier, nephilim are outlawed,” the seraph explained. “We were taught how to end their lives, not sustain them.”
Feelings towards Cas had started developing the first time Dean had laid eyes on the Angel. Even after all these years he could remember the moment in precise detail - The air heavy with raw power, as the worn out doors splintered inwards and Castiel has strode purposefully towards them, his eyes laser focused. The earthy smell of the old barn, sawdust, paint and rot, overpowered by the gunpowder from salt rounds from his and Bobby's shotguns. The sparks from the blown lights overhead that shone all the brighter as the shadows magnified, leaving spots in his vision. Mustering all of his strength he had driven Ruby's blade deep into the Angel's chest, leaving only the hilt sticking out. A deadly blow had Cas been human or demon and Dean was left staring dumbfounded in shocked realization when nothing had happened. Castiel hadn't cried out, screamed, gone up in flames, lightning hadn't flared under his skin lighting his skeleton. Nothing. Son of a bitch hadn't even flinched.
“What sort of fucked up nightmare on Elm street reenactment is this?” he gasped out, taking some deep breath to calm his racing heart. He knew Naomi had in the past given Cas the Heaven version of a factory reset, turning him into nothing more than a brainwashed mindless soldier, controlling his actions, until he had broken free of her hold on him just in time to prevent Dean from becoming his next victim. But Dean had assumed the method used had been a spell, or something similar. He pictured it much the same way he’d seen the Angel smite others, a hand to the head, maybe a few Enochian words would be chanted, but nothing like what he’d just witnessed! Certainly not drilling into Cas’ brain through the corner of his eye! It was barbaric. Something he’d expect from a Demon, not an Angel. It belonged in the pit, with some monster on the rack, not in Heaven with
It's all going far too quickly for Dean when all he wants to do is take things slow, savior each and every moment, drink in and commit every single tiny detail to memory. As much as the heat between them is driving him to eagerly wanting more, he didn't want things over too soon. Dammit he'd waited years for this, so what was a few minutes longer in comparison.
Leaving the door open and keeping that Cas in his sight, Dean backed up and opened the door behind him, quickly glancing over his shoulder. Inside that room was another Cas, shirt ripped open, chained and bloodied, pleading for a quick death.
He saw him standing in front of a mirror, shirt pulled open. His face panic-stricken as he watched in horror as something monstrous within tried to force itself out from the Angels’ stomach, stretching the sore ridden skin unnaturally. He saw him in white scrubs, huddled in fear in the corner of a hospital room, arms clutched around his head while Lucifer mocked and threatened. He saw Cas glowing in grace, shadows of his wings showing behind him in tatters, what little feathers remained on the wounded and bloody limbs were molting heavily. He saw Cas standing in a huge open white warehouse littered with dozens of slaughtered corpses each one wearing Dean’s own face. He saw a woman, brow shrapnell’ed with glass shards, telling Cas Heaven didn’t want his help, they wanted his head. He saw him graceless, human, huddled in a doorway in an attempt to shield his shivering body against the downpour of rain.
He pushed the thought away as soon as it popped up in his mind, because it wasn’t possible, it just wasn’t. Men can’t get pregnant.
Whatever it had been, it sat heavily in his unsettled stomach, but with one down, one to go, he had nestled himself against the door, Cas’ trench clenched tight in his grip and hoped that maybe his angel’s scent would ease him into a much needed sleep.
“What I just experienced wasn’t angel radio, exactly, though very similar.” Dean remained silent, listening intently. “It’s essentially the same, but it was a distress signal sent out only to a tailored group of us, rather than vast news heard by all.”
Dean peeked at him, pausing for a second to admire the sparkle of his Angel’s eyes that were shining with delight, making the stars above them seem dull and lifeless in comparison.  “Yeah, it is.”
“It shouldn’t be, I shouldn't...I shouldn’t have been able to... I was told...” he broke off, clearly flustered, struggling to find the right words.
As I keep having the same comment repeating on each chapter I've posted recently, I would like to state that I post chapters as soon as they are finished. I will never make any of you wait for longer than necessary. So any comments that only state "can you do another chapter" without anything else, will not be approved in future, as I am finding them frustrating and that does not help the creative flow and is actually slowing me down. I hope that makes sense and you can understand.
Castiel nodded in agreement. “Usually,” he emphasised, “it is not a simple process.”  Weeks on and they were still none the wiser as to how Dean had conceived. The angel was still firmly of the opinion that it shouldn’t have happened how it did.
“Wait there. Gimme a minute,” Dean called down over the railing, holding his hand up to halt Cas, causing the confused look to become all the more prominent. Dean lifted his index finger and his eyebrows, before turning away and leaving, the door slamming shut behind him.
“It allows me to decipher them individually, but when I get many at once they get muddled and it’s very hard to understand, to pick each one from the mass.” Castiel continued to stir the paint as he spoke, holding up his hand to Dean when he finished, showing him the messy palm and fingers, coated in well mixed brown. “Can you see the yellow now, Dean?”
It wasn’t a question, Cas was stating a fact, but Dean nodded anyway, slowly. “Where are you going with this Cas?”
Months passed since the pyre had been built, since Dean’s wrapped body had been lovingly laid upon it and the flames had engulfed him. The memory of it, Sam would never forget. He’d buried his brother before, of course, but it was nothing like this.
“Our wings are a direct manifestation of our grace. With what little remained of mine stored away it was safe, in a manner of speaking, when I was cast out.
The angels overlapped each other's words, but Dean had no time to pay attention to either of them. He’s totally focused on Cas. Unable to believe that neither of the angels have noticed. Because there is no possible way the two torturing Cas could have missed his cursed eyes. Or seen the strain the Angel is under, struggling to keep the effects of the spell contained. It’s so clear to Dean, that even blind he would see it. Cas’ usually beautiful blues are glassy, yellowed and hooded as if keeping them open hurt too much, the whites barely visible behind the veined redness. They’ve been close enough to slice open Castiel’s face. They had to have noticed. They simply don’t care.
“That was a risk?” Dean hollored, his face reddening by the second. “And you didn’t think to mention that to anyone?”
“Sam thinks it was Amara,” Dean said mostly tonelessly, but with a hint of hope. Maybe neither of them were to blame. Maybe they were just unsuspecting pawns in the dark gods plans.
But Sam kept his own council, knowing that voicing any reason with Dean right now would be fighting a losing battle.
Sam wandered into the bunker’s kitchen fresh from his post-run shower, his lengthy hair pushed back to keep it away from his face while it dried. The coffee maker he had started before he left had finished purculating, leaving the room heavy in the morning beverage aroma. He had made a full pot in case Dean would be up, knowing it would most likely be his brother's first stop when he decided to grace the world with his presence. But so far neither his brother nor Castiel had emerged from Dean’s bedroom and the door had been closed when Sam had left and also when he passed after his shower.
“Because I can’t look at her!” Cas shot back, fresh hot tears spilling free as he rounded on the Winchester.
Dean wouldn't have thought it was possible, but Cas' grip tightened further still, like he didn't want the embrace to end anytime soon. Keeping their chests pressed tight together with only the multiple layers of their combined clothing (which Dean was currently cursing) separating them. He'd love to just lose those shirts and feel Cas' skin, warm and smooth against his own. Run his hands over the Angel's bare back, finally know what's been hiding under that trench and suit all theses years and feel every inch of -
Strong sure hands scoop under his naked thighs and the floor vanishes from beneath his feet as he's lifted, effortlessly. Startled, he grappled at the Angel's shoulders, but before he could get purchase he's thrown back, landing with a soft bounce, face up on the bed. Cas chases him up, crawling over him, until their lips collide again, wet, open and urgent.
“Weren’t you sent back to the motherland for a time out?” Dean stated, hoping the numb tone to his voice would be enough to mask what he was actually feeling.
Cas sighed, his sight still locked on the road ahead, unable to meet the hunters eyes. “Nephilims are conceived when an Angel’s grace impregnates a human soul... and souls are genderless, Dean.”
His hesitation he found ridiculous. He was going to speak with his brothers and sisters, that was all... and yet he couldn’t bring himself to leave.
Remembering his part in their performance, Dean allowed the grin to manifest, turning it into a mocking sneer which he slung at the bound woman. “You see Goldielocks, he's going to take a little stroll through that pea sized head of yours.”
Eventually he had found a way. A charm that could be infused with grace to ‘hide’ that angel from the warding. Since their nephilim shared Castiel’s grace he was certain it would work for their baby also. Sourcing that charm however had come with its own set of problems, which was why Castiel now found himself doing the last thing he wanted to do while Dean was undoubtedly suffering.
Dean had never been a believer of the whole 'love at first sight' thing, that was something that was reserved for chick flicks and garbage romance novels, as far as he was concerned. It just didn't happen in real life. So he had assumed (in the beginning) that the feelings that had bubbled up inside of him, under Cas' penetrating gaze, was some kind of Angelic reverence. Some hypnotic pull that could draw humans to the celestial beings, that had caused that new and unexpected feeling. But that assumption had been thrown out the window when he had met the other Angels and that experience had been nothing like meeting Cas. Quite the opposite in fact, he thought the rest of them were dicks and that was putting it mildly.
“No problem,” Sam said, his voice jumping as he fought to not laugh. “I gotta go get the new menu items for sleeping beauty here anyway. I’ll leave you to put him down for his nap... don’t forget to tuck him in tight,” he added as he headed out the door.
His eyes narrowed to a glare as he saw who was looking in at him this time. He hadn’t seen her since he had first arrived, and he would have been happy to have not seen Toni Bevell’s smug face ever again.
“Yeah, sure,” Dean pulled his flannel aside. As much as he wanted to keep kissing his angel to his heart content, Cas had been parted from his child for far too long and Dean reasoned that it was only natural and even necessary for the angel to see with his own two eyes - or mojo - just how their nephilim was getting on in there.
Castiel was so close that Dean could feel his annoyed huff breeze over his cheek. “Dean, this needs to stop! If you have changed your mind, or don’t want this, then you need to tell me,” Dean shakes his head in denial as Cas talks, but the Angel carries on regardless. “And as much as it may hurt, I will let you go, but if all this today was simply due to paranoid fears-”
“Sam,” Dean sighed grumpily, leaning forward and turning pleading eyes up to his younger brother. “I’ll try everything from lobster to fish sticks if it’ll get you off my back and allow me to eat my breakfast without you nagging my ear off.”
The hunter huffed in frustration. Dammit, how did Cas do that? See through all the bullshit right to the root of what was troubling him.
Castiel rolled his eyes to the ceiling, “A term they use only out of jealousy, Dean. You should pay it no attention,” he sighed out, sounding like he was just as insulted by the term his family had thrown at Dean often enough, despite what he was saying.
Twenty minutes later, and with his belly appeased by his mango, coffee and shrimp breakfast, Dean stepped out of the warm spray of the shower, bristling at the shift in temperature. Quickly patting himself dry, he slung the towel around his hips...
“Hey, Cas,” Dean returned the greeting, as he kicked the door closed and dropped his dirty clothes into the hamper. Turning, he paused when he took in the Angel’s expression, stuck somewhere between concern and annoyance. “You okay?”
