Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all so wonderful.
Nomad: What type of incident?
D Fitzsimmons: Stark's kid? So, she's like Enoch?
Jemma: I ran my blood work already.
Me: And my road to Hell is paved with platinum. The lunch last month was Pepper’s way of telling me that it was over for good. She met someone else. Someone normal. Someone who can give her what I could not. So as soon as the paparazzi get the first picture of him and her making out somewhere, the illusion will be over.
Me: Things fall apart, for reasons you can’t control. I thought I was going to be with Andrew forever and then Bahrain happened.
Me: I mean writing to my James. Also, there is nothing in the wastebasket because apparently nano paper is self erasing.
Me: I hope it’s not another alien invasion, at least not one that is more than two blue guys crashing in Utah. I hate the board.
“Or at the whim of the writer,” MJ mumbled under breath.
I don't really know how to do these mission report things. Director Stark (how did that happen?) asked me to write a report on how I ended up here. Does he realize I'm not actually a Shield agent? However, his fiancé is my boss in my timeline (my Tony, not this, Tony). I'm going to do what he says. I'm sure if anybody can get me fired when I arrive back to the right timeline, it would be him.
Nomad
Blue phone: How's that going?
Red phone: Of course, my little Cuddle Bunny.
Tony: Well, then you two can chat on our car ride to see our kids. The whole point of this text message conversation is to ask you to come with me to visit the kids.
Francis: Not surprising at all. Watching Stark and Rogers argue, is not my idea of a good time.
“See these type of assumptions led to Siberia.”
MayMQ: I can’t leave you alone, can I? Did you apologize?
Cuddle Bunny: No, mostly because you decided to revive the project without telling anybody what you were doing.
Me: At least that’s what Laura says.
KnowInsight
Me: Because there is an all-new squad ran by a completely different Shield. Their team is called Secret Warriors, but Slingshot is on loan until both teams have sufficient numbers to run independently.
May: I don’t trust them at all. Once Rambo died, the organization became complicit with Ross’s orders. I think I can build something better. Other Tony is making the ATCU less spycraft and more superhero social work. I want that. I can finally make Phil Coulson Academy happen. Pepper even said I could stay with her for a while. I’ll be okay.
Blue phone: Which explains why you crashed for 20 hours
Tony: Yep, you are such a teenager. So, sugar cookie, do you want to read how our less idiotic selves managed to work through all their issues?
“Yes, but I need time to finish working on it.” Shuri cautioned.
HSBF: I try.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. We are still in the good timeline. Why? Because this was originally one big conversation, but it got long. So, I decided to split it. Besides, the perspective flipped, so I thought it would be best to break the chapter up.
The Big Boss: Honestly, according to Perez, when your gay sex tape came out in ‘92, Obadiah told the members that were around at the time, including Perez's father, that it was a youthful indiscretion and a grief reaction to their death. It really didn't mean anything.
HSBF: You will let me approve what she creates first though?
Kitty brother: I don’t dispute that. It is better to live without a possible expiration date. And your own death?
Subject: RE: Thank You for the Cookies.
xxxxx
Me: He avoided you for six days and you were driving us all crazy during those six days. That’s your answer.
Beta readers:
Me: Do I need to come save you?
Monkey lover 2: The seer who is five, whose name is an actual type of bird.
Tony: Yeah well you “died” for your country, so you should get a pardon. You also freed a high profile captured American citizen two months ago, so Ellis is grateful, even if Ross was furious.
Counselor Laura from 2023: I've been here for more than a week. I need to ask Friday exactly how long. I lost consciousness a couple of times. Finding out your kids were snapped out of existence will do that to a person.
They tell you to never meet your heroes because they might just end up disappointing you. I can tell you from personal experience that is true. The people that we idolize are not who we really idolize. They are mere mortals who make mistakes and screw up a lot. They’re not heroes because they’re perfect. Maybe they’re heroes because they keep trying.
CoulsonPJ: Let’s hope sunflower seeds are not involved again.
Pepper pot: Still annoyed, but only enough to put you two in the same room together.
Agent M: We are investigating.
I also want to add that you consider your friends family to that list, even though I am supposed to stop at five items. I find that kind of adorable.
Blue phone: Six days
Captain Tight Pants: Bucky sees things similarly which is why he decided to do what he did.
“I have been neglecting Pepper and the kids. But I just want to spend as much time with you as possible and Christmas would be better for that. With SI being closed for the holiday, I’m thinking about bringing some friends as well as the oldest kid.” Also, Steve just had a feeling that because of certain events earlier this year (watching video footage of his parents be murdered just days before Christmas 1991), this Christmas may be harder for Tony than usual. It would be good for Steve to be there.
Agent 13: I have a copy of your conversation last night. That's the only one because Friday did not delete it before I could take a screenshot. However, she refuses to give me access to any of the other conversations. Even Agents Rodriguez and Burton cannot override Friday's programming because apparently she's on probation despite the fact they normally would be able to. We do have the conversations now but they're very heavenly encrypted.
To be continued
“I don’t even want to know.”
: Alias created for Steve Rogers. This is who the press currently believes Tony is dating. 78% of the press anyway. The remaining 22% believes that this is a lie and Tony is actually dating Chris Evans. No one has publicly claimed that Stefan Carter is Steve Rogers, at least not outside of Freaking Cool.
I also really wished Endgame would have spent more time exploring the emotional effects of the decimation. Still, I realize there's only so much you can put in a three-hour movie. The first story in this series was 150+ chapters. We have time to dig deep into the characters' psyche.
Me: See, you assume that by signing the accord I’m going to mindlessly accept whatever they tell me to do.
“Not right now. Maybe in a few days,” James said grabbing a cup of tea from the table.
“I don’t have answers either, and you know I hate not knowing stuff.” Steve laughed at his joke. “I think whatever we do, it’s going to be a complete mess, but those people deserve to live. Yes, it’s going to be a mess. It was a mess when they left, and it’s going to be a mess when they get back, but that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t try.”
Xxxxx
Be good, baby girl. Listen to the agents. They are there to keep you safe. When I get back we will fix the Barbie Hot Rod together.
"I don't know why you're worried about me. Of anybody in this room, I think Natasha is the one more likely to give you that talk and you brought her with you." Sam said turning his attention back to Tony.
“Holding Morgan for the first time.” Tony smiled softly. “She was so perfect, and I knew instantly I would do anything to protect her. I will never love anybody as much as I love her.”
Me: It wasn’t exactly like they gave me one phone call. I’ve been picked up before. My new boss handled it.
The new consultant: Yes. Honestly, the breakup was for the best. Also, I finally found out what happened on Valentine's Day, and it was terrible. I can't give details, so do not ask. However, your highness, I'm going to need your help in making sure the asshole ex-boyfriend gets blackballed from every college in the country. We would be doing the coed population a favor.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely fabulous. I’m glad you’re so happy that they are physically together right now, mostly. (Although, a lot of you are a little sad it’s not that physical.)
At the same time, I know there were people who loved me like Aunt Peggy, Jarvis, Anna, and Mom. But at the same time, I always had to be Tony Stark which makes for a really awful childhood. It wasn’t until I was an adult that people liked me for me.
Agent L. Barton: Tony being a cuddle bug is apparently a universal constant. They look very peaceful curled around one another.
We are back in the “mistakes were made” timeline. Let’s talk about some of those mistakes.
Steve: You still have one here. You'll always have a place here, no matter what.
“It beats us eating our feelings over churros.” Tony joked. Again he’s only going to survive this conversation with high amounts of wisecracks and humorous deflecting.
xxxxxxxxx
From: Principal_Morita_Midtown
“Yes. I’m not quite sure how to start this, but I will eventually.”
I don't know how to begin this letter. Honestly, I think writing to Virginia was easier. With her, I knew to begin by promising never to hurt Tony again and assuring her that my feelings for him are genuine. Her reaction to that still wasn't what one would categorizes as warm at first.
Red phone: That’s not 20 questions. That’s sexting. Totally different. I have no idea. I haven’t been keeping count. I think our only rule is ask whatever question you want to ask, but just don’t expect an answer.
Cuddle Bunny: Am I supposed to take that as a good thing?
“Not at all.” Steve punctuated his words with another kiss to Tony’s mouth.
Anthony love: So, are the secret Avengers MIA because of Coulson, or did you fly off to Asgard to be part of the Calvary? I feel like that’s something flaming head would do and only partially because Lilly’s aunt made him.
May: I heard your Simmons is pregnant. If we do manage to create a doorway between timelines, I think we should bring her here. It’s not safe for her to be there. I should have Friday send to you what happened to women who had snap-induced miscarriages. It was ugly.
Anthony: It’s going to be a disaster. Like I’m tempted to eat a bag of sunflower seeds disaster.
DILF: And apparently any success we had at all was because you were feeding Deke information.
FRIDAY: Of course, Sir.
“So, I'll be able to check up on my Nana?” Deke asked, hopeful.
Cuddle fiancé: So, this really is all hands on deck?
Nomad: I wrote her a letter using Friday as an intermediary and she replied.
Tony: These conversations are really hard.
The new consultant: No, you were busy dealing with family drama. Even without Benji accidentally taking the mask off in front of you, you would’ve figured it out soon.
Red phone: Badly. Enough so that I think maybe I should go to the crazy spa.
Although, Tony doesn't remember specifically telling Steve not to tell his friends that. Also, that conversation did happen electronically, so the Princess probably read it.
Cuddle Bunny: I get worried about you. I worry about you all the time. Maybe more than I should.
Tony: Good to know.
After being helped by your team, I feel like I should write you. Okay, my therapist is making me send out these letters (through Friday because I’m not a complete idiot), but I feel like I owe you one too.
Me: Jim is flattered by the offer, but upset that Tony didn’t discuss that idea with anybody first.
(See the end of the chapter for
Me. Some days, although usually not when I’m this sleep deprived.
Agent L. Barton: No, but we’re going to have to deal with the purple ass hole. He’s a threat no matter what. Let’s say we move the stones here. What if he finds some way to get here? Then it just starts all over again. We have to take him out.
The new consultant: It’s hard to sleep when you’re worried about one of the family members you like. You and Benji were called into an Avenger meeting. You’re never called into an Avenger meeting unless the situation is bad or involves our high school. You’re both on-call only numbers. We’re not in the middle of an apocalypse? Your dad did make an apocalypse joke.
Tony: They don't even know that he doesn't have any degree at all, let alone that he won't be born for another 30 years. You know if his grandfather didn’t disappear.
Thank you for getting the people who hurt Tony. I felt better knowing that you were out there keeping him safe.
“I was told to inform you that Ms. Romanoff is waiting for you on the helicopter pad.” He knew they were waiting. He had heard the Quinjet land. He just didn’t want to leave.
Cuddle Bunny: How did your morning meeting with the ATCU go?
Okay he and Tony were sitting at their table alone while Agents Davis and Piper tested the food. Nobody wanted a repeat of what happened a few months ago. He doubted anybody would want to kill Tony at this wedding, but you could never be too careful.
Cuddle Bunny: Speaking of ridiculous things about you on the international news, apparently you’re meeting with the president today.
Me: I guess the Wakanda announcement is what you wanted to talk about?
Anthony: I consider it a good thing. Unfortunately, the bulletproof pacifist has decided that Avengering is not for him. Joey is willing to be on standby in the event of another alien invasion, but he doesn’t want to go out there looking for trouble.
“You know you want to join.”
Rogers: Speaking of coping, I thought about your offer.
Steve May-Rogers is referred to as DILF in Tony’s address book. You may continue speculating about the actual state of Tony and Pepper’s relationship. Tell me your speculation in the comments.
Now that the crisis was over, it was time for her and the other Leo Fitz to have a little chat. The best way to do that was to bring food. She was half expecting him to be back in the holding room. Instead, she found him in Fitz’s old room, the one he had before he moved into hers a few months ago. They really did need to find an apartment soon. If she tripped over Fitz’s shoes one more time, she really was going to take Stark up on his offer for use of his house on Arlington Ridge.
We have less than two weeks before we see each other again and I’m really excited. However, I really do think Jane hates you because I finally read through the rest of the questions and a lot of these are going to be hard for you to answer or even come up with fake answers for.
HSBF: Not going to happen. So, what happened with him?
Tony: So, am I sending her to Pinecrest or Pleasant Hills?
Me: OK, I’m always busy, but I make time for you. I was worried that you couldn’t text. I know that Agent America told you to go dark. After you tipped her off to where Purple Arrow was.
More details will come out in the next chapter. I’m also working on a code name cheat sheet of sorts. It’s off for proofreading. I’m debating if I am going to post it as a separate story on A3O or just throw it into the main story because it sort of has some plot points included since I wrote it from the perspective of our favorite Princess. Let me know your preference.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What is a drop kit?”
Blue phone: Maybe helping others is what you need to focus on right now.
May: You’re separated again.
Red phone: You’re making me feel special cuddle bunny.
The Big Boss: The security department is working on it.
,” Tony thinks to himself.
Tony: But normal for these types of meetings. If you’re restless you could try writing that letter to your BFF. I also wouldn’t be opposed to more NC-17 artwork of our exploits together. It’s safer than a sex tape.
SimmonsJA: That is beside the point. No strenuous physical activity for at least two more weeks, including but not limited to, sexual intercourse.
Me: What would that mean for SI?
A/N: I wrote the original draft of Steve’s letter to Tony a few weeks before the Infinity War trailer and Agents of Shield season five dropped. I was intending for Steve’s words to be “harsher in hindsight”, but they managed to get that way before the chapter even dropped. I cringed when I reread it after the two products came out (especially Agents of Shield), but decided not to change it, although I did adjust Tony’s response a little.
Tony: So how have your days been? Still fighting bad guys with Red and the counselor in somewhere that may or may not be Eastern Europe. Seriously, why are you relocating to Europe now that winter is coming?
Me: What parts do you want to lick or rather want me to lick? I have a few ideas.
“What?”
“I assume that Robin is also special like Ms. Marvel and Spidey Junior?” Tony asked.
Me: You’re sending Jane another apology basket?
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all fabulous. A little programming notes: because of a break in proofreading, I am switching to a once every three-week updating schedule for the foreseeable future. At least until more chapters are banked. However, I am accepting volunteers for more proofreaders. Currently, I have just Ursula. Who is fabulous but I write a lot. I’ve actually already moved two of my stories to AI proofreading only.
Blue phone: Is that why you went with the ridiculous story about blue aliens?
Me: The each other part, not the Benji part.
Nomad: Again, I’m not having text message sex with you.
To be continued in Infinite Messaging to the Endgame.
From: Tony_Carbonell
"So you know when you’re leaving? I heard Jane from PR mentioned something about Ellen?"
Me: Somebody else needs to be locked in a room with someone else to work out his issues.
“Do you like your job?”
Nomad: Tony, we still need to talk about the fact that you made me Sharon’s stepdad. Stepdad! Seriously, we need to talk about this.
“They tell me what they’re going through, and I try to help them work through it but sometimes I feel like a hypocrite. I haven't worked through my issues. It feels like the blind leading the blind.” Steve confessed.
Me: Did you know that the Ultron project was originally a joint venture between Pym industries, Shield (probably the Hydra division), and the DOD? I’m just the idiot who came along and thought they could fix it and instead I made murder bots. Now the development of artificial intelligence is illegal.
Tony: And you’re right, Osborne would be an awful head of a government agency, any government agency. The guy is a dick.
I’ll see what I can do about cooking lessons. College at age 15 is not as glamorous as the movies make it. I kind of wish I waited. At least now kids get to do both simultaneously. Your AP calculus class should take the edge off. Once you have your class schedule and your Laura required stuff figured out, we can work out lab hours. Actual lab hours and no other training. Laura gets to work out that stuff now.
FRIDAY: He asked me to do a background check on your former lover. The image I found of Melinda Garner matched that of Agent Melinda May of SHIELD. She confirmed this information to Mr. Stark eventually.
Genius Princess: She uploaded them to the Wakanda intelligence network. It is an entirely different and extremely secure system.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely wonderful. This section of SHIELD IMs begins almost after May leaves Steve’s room. Therefore, this still takes place before Tony and Steve make their debut. I finally get to do a May Coulson section. They’re my favorite after Tony and Steve. May and Coulson are also my last chance of getting something canon. This will probably end in tears, mostly mine. Thankfully, there is fanfic where we can make everything fluffy-ish.
Nomad: I don’t need outside help. I realize there’s a problem, but I can fix it.
“Really?” Fitz asked surprised.
Me: In accordance with our promise to not lie to one another, I need to tell you that Poor man's Coulson was a dick and Sharon was the one who had to read most of the messages. The real irony is he didn’t even know it was you. He just thought making her go through stuff like that would be a horrible assignment under regular circumstances.
Me: But this isn’t about me. It’s about what the junior archers what and they want to see their dad.
Anthony: Sorry.
Me: Exactly, but I’m not even sure if that’s enough to get her to put up with me for an extended period of time.
Anthony: Look, now they're bringing in your biggest mistake to psychoanalyze me in. Apparently, I am a narcissistic unstable megalomaniac who should be locked up.
Is Monkey Lover at the playground right now?
HSBF: What?
Here is Tony and Steve trying to finish their date. Will it be more successful than last time? We shall see. There’s definitely a lower probability of small children popping up at the most inappropriate times of the movie. But hey at least Tony didn’t talk Steve into doing something that would've been even worse for a small child to walk in on. That’s a conversation Tony doesn’t want to ever have.
HSBF: So what happens now?
Me: So you don’t deny it.
Cuddle Bunny: What does that have to do with anything?
Purple Princess: Image one upload.
TMNS: We’re friends, and [Redacted] can barely take that. I like MJ. I just don’t want him to be with a dick. He deserves more than that.
Anthony: Only during photo shoots, but you were already aware of that.
(See the end of the chapter for
HSBF: You still didn't drink the moment you got back to civilization. That shows you have real willpower.
“Grilled cheese with Morgan at the cabin.” He loves Morgan time. “You?”
Agent M: I figured you would rather deal with me then your old handler, who is not my boyfriend. But I can turn this phone over to him, if you prefer.
Counselor Laura from 2023: It’s OK and no chocolate.
xxxxxxx
The Big Boss: Maybe it's for the best. The board might be calm down by then.
Nomad: You’re not sorry.
Me: This also means you and me will have to stay on separate teams, even when the Secret Avengers get fold it back in with the rest of us.
Love: Although I don’t exactly want to become a Shield asset again.
Anthony: You look positively edible.
Me: You don’t need to answer the question for me because I already know that your relationship with Howard was bad just like my relationship with my dad. Actually it’s worse because even though Howard was awful to you, at least he was there.
“Tell her I found everything when unpacking. I’ll text her in the morning.”
Tony: And that probably can’t happen until after the new Accords.
Purple arrow: I think you asked that question already.
BITC: So how hard is it being on base with Flash not knowing who you and Afia really are? Why is he even at the Lighthouse? He doesn’t live with the mechanic anymore.
Spider-Man Homecoming will influence the story more because the characters are directly involved. But thankfully due to the style of the story spoilers will be kept down to a minimum. Also, Tony and Steve being on speaking terms will change things. For those of you who are not familiar with my writing pedigree, I once wrote an Ugly Betty story live with the season. They sent one of my main narrators to Africa. That experience taught me to be flexible.
HSBF: Lily won’t be eight for another couple of months, so you have at least 10 years of this because there’s no way Clint is going alone.
T Stark: I really have to work on the nano paper.
“I will let you say anybody because I would just love to have dinner with Bucky and Sam again.” Tony could pick up the sadness in Steve’s voice.
Yes, I’m in therapy. I don’t get to see her as much as I probably need to, but I think it’s helping. The nightmares are becoming less frequent. I haven’t had one in the last week, although that may be because the boyfriend is visiting. He has a tendency to keep the bad dreams away. At least when he’s not starring in the dreams. But that’s a whole different set of issues. I’m working on that as well.
Red phone: Because I have a meeting with the ATCU and knockoff Coulson in the morning, but now it’s time to get back to the fun questions. Such as how did you make your money for college during the Great Depression?
Tony: After discussing what will probably happen to the senator arrested for treason, kidnapping and torture that refuses to resign, we talked about renegotiating the Accords. As well as the need for creating a version that protects the rights of people with powers and keeps the government from merely seeing them as weapons. No more throwing people in the Raft because they won’t use their powers like the U.S. government wants them to, when they’re not being a risk to themselves or others. He is on board with the modifications.
HSBF: Because there’s always an apocalypse.
"I love you so I worry or at least that's what Anna told me when I was a kid."
(See the end of the chapter for
HSBF: Did you sleep with the Captain America plush? Wait, did they have toys like that back then?
HSBF: Is that the new identity for the other Fitz?
Cuddle Bunny: Practical. Do they know it’s me?
“I was not expecting to be standing around in New York spring weather waiting for the God of thunder and his asshole brother to show up outside the site of the future Home of Alchemax. Because baby bird told us that we needed to warn the brothers Norris that the big purple raisin with the glove fetish is going to want his blue bobble back,” Hunter complained as they kept an eye on the former nursing home being demolished waiting for Thor and his brother to show up, as predicted.
So Tony and Steve’s time in the same country is coming to an end. Because unfortunately all good things must end. But at least we have hope now that the situation will be resolved, thanks to the new people in charge of negotiations.
(See the end of the chapter for
HSBF: Is he okay with us dating?
“Ned asked about Daisy,” MJ replied.
Anthony: When we get married, the ceremony is so happening at 1 AM.
“Probably, but you are not the best at processing your emotions.”
Me: I can understand where that would be useful.
Me: Yes, no catastrophes happened and neither one of us was pulled into an emergency meeting. Spider Brat is safely in DC, so he is Agent Monkey Lover’s problem right now.
I originally had all of this together, but I decided that Laura’s conversation with her daughter and husband should be a second section. More to come soon.
Anthony: I get why you did it, but I don’t think Pepper is ready to talk to you yet. Okay, I’m pretty sure she hates my new boyfriend. Which is fine because Happy hates you and he doesn’t even know that it is you. I can’t wait to listen to the most likely angry five-minute long voicemail waiting for me from Pepper Pot. I don’t know if she’s going to be madder at me canceling or about you.
“That doesn’t matter. I’m not you and she is not my Jemma,” he said turning to Simmons. “You’re right, we should have told you, especially when we switch places, so I could deal with AIDA myself.”
Tony: I’ll think about that. And you’re right. We are on question 17 which is
Me: Also, I feel like we’re having the type of conversation that should happen in private. There's too much stuff I don't want other people to overhear.
Captain Tight Pants: That doesn’t surprise me. I assumed you didn’t say anything?
The boss: Deke is not exactly lost. He made contact with us from 2018, the better version. He's safe, and they're working on a plan to get him back to us.
“I assume you mean weapons?
The new consultant: I was hoping for spring break, but other things are more pressing. Did you look up what happened to Benji?
Cuddle Bunny: So right now we just have the more than coffee. How are you really feeling about Shield giving you a brand-new assistant?
Red phone: The target being the UN was probably the only reason why they authorized action without spending an hour debating it.
Me: I haven’t been calling every 20 minutes.
Jemma: Cheese fries. I know not to ask you for wine.
“We really can’t go on vacation, can we?” Steve asked, holding his shoulder. Tony is almost positive he’s bleeding. Note to self, considered bulletproof nano-armor for Steve, because you don’t know when somebody is going to try to kill you during breakfast. Although, he was certain Steve brought out the shield at some point during the melee.
“I don’t think Tony will ever hate you. You assume that, but have you actually asked him how he feels?” Because I’m pretty sure most of his feelings are warm and fuzzy. It was also at that moment that Laura remembered that DILF stood for dad I like to fuck.
Tony: So I show up to the house early because my new assistant Mary decided that she can’t tell me when things actually start because I’ll show up 30 minutes late.
Me: That you and I could fix our relationship or at least start fixing it and me and her are in such an awkward place. I mean it got better after me almost dying, but we’re not back to who we were before.
May: She’s currently at Empire State after a recent stent at SWORD. She quit because the new guy was a “Xenophobic anti-inhuman ass hole.”
Anthony: We are both at the State Department way too much. Also there’s Rock Salt with the fried pickles. I have to find them when I’m in DC again next week.
Nomad: I now know why they locked you out of your twitter account. I never told you that his penis was small.
Football Hunter: Hunter Leopold is such a lovely name, though. And we wouldn't actually be married. It would be undercover work.
Tony: Absolutely not. Which is why we are never ever going to have text message sex. It’s bad enough that she knows about what I did to that poster.
Tosha: Never date a coworker. He’d rather run away then be with me, and that was his choice. I’ve moved on long ago. You would know that if you picked up the phone occasionally.
Me: No. The most exciting thing I did last night was watch Zootopia with the junior archers. Very timely with all the enhanced people phobia going around.
“I came by to let you know that the Captain has finished his letter to you. The final version is available on this tablet.” The tablet itself was clear and almost as thin as a sheet of paper. Definitely smaller than even a Stark pad, including the one that Tony used for personal use, when she visited his lab. Stark and the two Fitzs were the only ones even remotely close to her in terms of development. Everyone else was at least two decades behind.
“But you didn’t say anything.”
Love: So, is the Tony being poisoned by his enemies angle remotely true?
"And the fact that you realize that you don't know me even though I've been in the tabloids all my life makes me like you just a little bit more."
Tony Potts: That’s true. Although the fact that Captain America is on antidepressants makes me feel happy in a weird way.
Purple arrow 2018: Maybe it's good that more time passes in the other timeline between windows than here. I am a little confused about that. I got an explanation from Hunter when he came to get me. But I think that made it worse because it was Hunter. He's married to a genius but still doesn't understand half the things he says, and it gets even more confusing when he repeats it.
“Okay Sugar Bear, shirt off,” Tony said as he placed his Stark pad on the bedside table and then turned to Steve. Who is apparently using the nano paper pad that the Princess created. “I responded to everyone that actually matters. Everybody else can wait until after the Malta sex retreat is over.”
Counselor Laura from 2023: So, in this timeline, Tony and Steve never worked through their mountain of bullshit. Because of that, Tony and Pepper somehow ended up getting engaged. When Thanos snapped his fingers and wiped out you and me, he restored Tony's sperm count. Which is how he got Morgan. We might go visit her soon to give Pepper and Hunter a break. BTW Hunter is Tony’s nanny.
Melinda: But in the meantime, you should talk to Stark.
Person boss is in love with: Thank you for letting me know and please keep an eye on him.
To be continued
Subject: I’m happy you’re sleeping
Chief Mechanic: I still want more details about how he ended up Chief Creative Officer at SI. I think Pepper 2023 might be in Mrs. Robinson mode again after reading between the lines. Although I am quite sure this guy won’t fuck around with an overrated YA actress.
CoulsonPJ: Furious, but he understands why I stayed away especially when Simmons told him about getting kidnapped by Hydra. At least my godfather privileges have not been revoked.
"I think the last question of this section is really weird to ask somebody who already has superpowers," Steve commented.
“You're actually going to ask me these questions?” Steve asked.
Me: By spy standards, but maybe just for the moment. She is on standby like the Bulletproof Pacifists.
Me: If Twitter doesn’t tell you first. I went out for a doughnut today and there were six articles about me eating my emotions. Of course this was after pictures of Happy getting rid of the old engagement ring started making the rounds.
CoulsonPJ: Ross wants Daisy back. Also apparently Talbot believes that carrots work better than honeycomb kill rooms.
P Parker: I know that. Nothing happened last night.
Xxxxx
D Fitzsimmons: Exactly, and we really should have considered this possibility, since that's how I ended up in 2018 about a month before half of all life in the universe was wiped out by Thanos. I'm glad I survived because it would've been horrible to travel 70 some years into the past only to get wiped out of existence.
“And running back would not send that message?” Steve asked.
“Are there actually Smore‘s?”
Stephen C: No, you shouldn’t have. You thought you lost the love of your life and you didn’t. Now you just have to tell him the truth.
Venom: Maybe. Also, you were scared and 14. I bet you just got your powers before it happened. You need to get over your martyrdom complex, Benji.
“She is under arrest, but Director Rhodes doesn’t want the information to go public until after the election. He doesn’t want to accidentally influence it one way or the other. If you are from the future who actually won last time?”
"I hope so at least."
Love: How can you be somebody’s medical contact when you’re legally dead?
Me: I never really had a chance to practice before. So what is your moment?
Anthony: Several
HSBF: Wasn’t that why you were sent to boarding school?
Anthony: Stressed and probably cursing my name in his sleep. Although he was able to have Mr. Patriotism take care of Congress. He may be a stuck-up prick, but Jeffrey does enjoy going against Senator Hateful.
Red phone: My bodyguard, Deborah. There was a kidnapping attempt the year before and Peggy wanted someone there to watch my back so she chose Deborah from a private security company. Although, now that I know where Peggy really worked, Deborah was probably SHIELD.
“I don’t think reading the tweets of people who think we’re going to hell will accomplish that.”
HSBF: No. Happy?
Tony, what the hell happened in Mumbai? I tried calling but Friday said you have the apocalypse filter on which means that unless I’m dying, she won’t even forward my calls. I hate the apocalypse filter.
“Yes.”
Anthony: Saving metaphorical kittens from trees?
CoulsonPJ: One can hope.
“Yes. So many moments of my childhood make sense now. I'm also a little less angry at Howard for sending me to boarding school. If one of our super villains tried to kill me, and Hunter accidentally got killed instead, I would've done the same thing. I would be dropping Morgan off at boarding school the next morning to keep her safe. I would've told her, but…" Tony trailed off.
Although, please try to get her to talk to Suarez or anybody else about what happened. I’m glad they’re working on getting you on the right mix. It does take a little while, but I do feel better now that I’m on medication. I’m even coming up with better ideas because I’m able to focus.
Me: Will do.
Football Hunter: Why did the boss not tell you that he was dying? It’s a shame you had to find out from the preschooler.
Stephen C: Yes. Especially, because Tony told the entire world that I’m her stepdad. It was really weird pretending to be married to their college friend.
Yes she can make her own tea. It also gave James a modicum of privacy. However, Shuri wasn’t expecting to walk into the room with James crying when she returned with tea 15 minutes later.
Hey Lily Bear:
Me: Got it, Agent M.
Person that cares about my boss: That’s not why.
MayMQ: Sometimes I think Audrey was your rebound. I think you would’ve told her the truth when you rescued her from Daniels, if she wasn’t. Did you actually talk to Clint this time without giving way to violence?
Me: Which kid? You have several. We practically have a Young Avengers roster in the making.
Counselor Laura: Shuri, is this you?
Me: Which doesn’t do any good because you don’t listen to him or anyone else, for that matter. (Message not sent.)
Tony: We are not doing 35. We both had to bury all of our actual family members. I’m not making you answer that question. Somebody can make something up for that one.
Me: That’s good.
“That’s good.”
Tony: I love you because of you. Because of your heart and your stubbornness and everything that is you. But it took me a while to realize that Howard’s standard yardstick of Captain America was not you. I think that caused some problems in our working relationship later on. I really wish that baggage would not have been there.
Me: Except now you’re wondering if it really is real because you know that he has a crush on you.
Pepper pot: I’m already involved, and you didn’t even ask.
I think even when Tony was making weapons, it was about protecting people and not profiteering. When he realized that wasn't happening, he stopped and he found a new way to protect people. Ultron happened because he wanted to protect people. Unfortunately that went badly, but his heart was in the right place. We just have to work on execution.
"It’s a private plane. They leave when I get there." He said, leaning in to kiss Steve again.
Me: I have a team of people who keep a watch on how money moves at SI after the ‘business partners stabbing me in the back via kidnapping’ fiasco because I’m not going through that again. However, I may have been slightly too trusting when it comes to the foundations and did not have the same things in place. We didn't even know to start looking at Windom West until Clint’s sister showed up a couple of days ago.
“I love you.” Tony moans out between kisses.
Also a quick note, any text message that has in parentheses (message not sent) was never forwarded to the other person participating in the conversation.
Steve: I know. What if we can only be friends. What if maybe that’s all we should be?
Nomad: Shouldn’t this go through your PR office?
Tony Potts: I'm just going to assume that you don't type your kids' names in these messages.  I am surprised you are so close to other me. I never actually talked to you again after you so graciously allowed us to hide in your house that time I made murder bots. I think I sent you a chocolate gift basket, though.
Steve: Have you tried talking to Clint? Maybe he knows something. I know he hasn’t left the compound yet.
“Not really. OK so long story short, Happy is pissed at us because I'm dating you.”
HSBF:  Focus on Pepper
“Do I want to know where that name came from?” Natasha asked.
Purple arrow: What is the plural of apocalypse? Because apparently, we’re in the middle of more than one.
“Yes.”
Time sent: 9/22/2016 8:01:41
Anthony: I was bored and it wasn't like Agent Scary was giving up the goods on what dating you was like. I had to do something.
Tosha: So, you never actually talked to Deke when you were conspiring? Also, it’s May and Simmons that were arguing about said conspiracy. Also, May tried to take the bottle of not actually water from Simmons.  Apparently, it was never about getting the stones only about getting Fitz to her. I assume that she convinced you to go along with it because she promised you Laura.
To: Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider
Pepper pot: Okay. I promise I'll support you. We’re still friends.
Football Hunter: Of course the bloody thing was. I need a drink.
When did we start being unable to talk to each other? Because deep down I think it was long before you decided that we needed space. Honestly, that's what I miss the most about us. As evident by the fact that I have a boyfriend in another country, lack of sex is not a deal breaker. Lack of communication is.
Anthony: Most of our conversations occur when it’s the middle of the night for one of us. I blame it on the insomnia.
MayMQ: You’ll never be able to convince me otherwise, even though your back. Being with Stefan was my own way of running away, which is why I understand why Daisy felt like she needed to be alone. But eventually it did get better and I did come home to you. Hopefully, Daisy will do the same soon.
Me: I’m the reckless one in this relationship?
Tony: You better not. We still have a ton of questions to go through and Jane scares me.
Me: That plan was awesome. Were you responsible for the helicarrier too?
Me: Yes-ish. Everybody totally believes I have an illegitimate child. The media were child’s play compared to the stuff from the board after the stocks dropped 10 points post announcement. Baker was mad I didn’t knock up a “Norwegian” scientist at a conference.
Ms. Potts is available for Thanksgiving. I had Kevin block the days on her schedule, but you have to invite her yourself. I will work with the caterers but you are dealing with everything that day. I’m having that day off with my family. They hate that I’m an hour and a half away now.
Tony: And that makes her want to take a stand, but this is just what she’s willing to say on television. She told Purple Arrow where all the other bodies were.
About six months ago while doing good things, her cousin was murdered by a dirty cop in her home country. Said dirty cop managed to get out of lock up and was on US soil selling weapons, including some old Hydra swag. I helped her find him to make him pay for what he did. I can’t punch you out so I might as well help her.
HSBF: Nothing can be as bad as the Captain America radio hour. Thank God they used a fake name for Peggy.
Purple Princess: Time travel and my alternate timeline self, who is still a normal AI pushing large amounts of data to me. Unfortunately, she was unaware I’m not an AI anymore. Not a normal one anyway. My body fried, and I think daddy wants Wanda to come to visit.
“That’s good. What did Happy say?” Steve asked as he perused the menu. He’s probably just going to let Tony take something.
Please, not you. You’re Tony Stark.
Tony: OK, last question,
HSBF: Did you try to sleep with Bruce and that’s how you know that he’s actually straight?
HSBF: Where are you? I assume you’re not calling me in flight.
Agent 13: Actually I don't think he really tried.
Nomad: I’ve seen both. We had a lot of movie nights after you left, but before things fell apart. You kind of remind me of Prince Akeem sometimes.
HSBF: Instead, according to the news the ferry was split in half and you swooped in to save the day. No one died. That’s always good.
Tony: I really wish Jane would just not force me to do an article for the New York Times when I’m dealing with everything else.
“Never. Although say the word, and I’ll create a virus that will attack anybody sending those pics around. I can’t get rid of it, but I can make people not want to share it,” Tony said seriously, which made Steve smile.
Counselor Laura: Although Steve’s obviously happens after the dividing point, which means the answer was different. My Steve won’t sext Tony at all.
“Director Rhodes said that I am running point on this, so we wait. But we can go ask him. Oh wait, he’s on the phone trying to keep Talbot from sending in the Armed Forces right now,” Leo told her.
MayMQ: And I still can’t do flight training right now with him. Stark is easier to deal with when he is busy or exhausted.
Me: Me too.
Stephen C: In addition, Monday night we had dinner with one of Tony’s really good friends from MIT. I did end up seeing some really strange baby pictures of Sharon. Tony did actually change her diaper in the middle of the library and there’s photographic evidence of this.
May: With the fewer stones on his fingers, the better.
Venom: Fuck him. So, you got your own Stark pad?
Red phone: That does not make it better. You got shot.
“It wouldn’t hurt to have a possible backup name in case May and Laura can’t get Dr. Cruz. That’s why they‘re in New York right now.”
Captain Tight Pants: Why do you ask such hard questions?
Please note that I’m using the Ultimate comic book version of Jefferson Morales nee Davis as my template for my version of the character. He comes out a lot nicer in the movie, 616, and the videogame. However, I felt like the asshole tendencies would work better for this story. As well as the fact that most MCU characters are based more on their ultimate incarnation than 616. I also started this story long before the movie and videogame were out. But don’t be too worried. Not everything is what it seems.
Nomad: ???
[Alternative text for artwork not available on this site: Lila has drawn a family portrait. Her dad is above in purple with the rest of the family below. Uncle Tony is they are wearing a blue suit with gauntlet on his hand.]
SPNxBookworm
From: Pepper_pot
Tony Potts: Like I would love it if for once, Steve would say, “Sorry, I screwed up, and I need you. Please come help me." Why is that so hard for him to say?
HSBF: That is not reassuring, especially because he’s now in charge of the spy agency.
MayMQ: For people like us? Yes. He punched you?
“I could use 3 cups of coffee.” And at least a chocolate bar after that last revelation.
Anthony: Possibly.
HSBF: It’s unfortunate. It was a really pretty house.
CoulsonPJ: Apparently he said something during that conversation that now makes you want to strangle him?
If you remember, in this story Peggy and Daniel are married to each other. However, in the prime timeline, Daniel was murdered by Hydra in 1955 under the guise that it was the Russian government. This makes Steve Prime seem like less of a dick because Steve going back in time to be with Peggy didn’t mess up another relationship (because he couldn’t deal with Tony’s death). Hydra already took care of Daniel for him. Although not doing anything about Hydra would still make him a dick. Steve’s a dick in my story but not that much of a dick.
Me: Yes, mostly because I just got out of a meeting with the West Coast VPs that made me nauseous, preceded by various teleconferences with the board. I must make an in person appearance Monday. I hope they don’t arrange for the looney police to pick me up from the new SI upstate campus.
HSBF: She has. Are you still meeting the President today?
HSBF: I’ll make a note of that. How did you find out?
I’m recycling the codenames from my short text message story, Burn Phone after Reading. I decided that there is a universal SHIELD code where the Avengers are concerned. Also, as a reminder, Clint uses fake names for all his family because it’s not paranoia, if they’re really out to get you.
Red phone: I am completely willing to play ball with the State Department itself. Ross’ advisor for Enhance Persons Affairs is competent and doesn’t want to turn people with powers into weapons of the state.
"Wise woman and I love you too." Steve responded as he kissed back.
Tony: She’ll probably throw the money over a cliff but I’ll be dead when that happens, so I rather her do that than the board. You know I hate the board.
Me: You should eat something.
Genius Princess 2018: Agent Barton? What type of interventions are you planning?
Me: More than he could to anyone else, especially because Jeffrey only cares about appearances. Just like Ross. He’s obsessed with the letter of the law, not its spirit.
You took her from me. You took one of the few good things in my life away from me. I don’t know that forgiveness is possible for that. I’m not sure.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. It is now time for an in-person chapter, the first one in a while. Of course, we’ve had sections of in-person conversation throughout so far, but we’ve primarily done text messages or emails.
HSBF: I feel like something else happened on the plane here.
Tony: I am just finding out about this now? I would’ve figured out some way to sneak you into my meetings, otherwise. That way we could have tested out the integrity of my desk here. I have an office. Or me and Pepper, share one. Between the two of us we are here enough to warrant an office.
Purple arrow 2018: Daisy. She’s with Loki and Thor. And I probably wouldn't remember to do anything. Ana is going to give you a readout of what happened here after you disappeared. It’s been a crazy two days.
“Exactly. Also, I’m still a little too angry to actually talk to Happy yet so it’s probably best that I have a few more days before we have to have that conversation. He’s already on his way to California to deal with the wrath of Pepper."
Anthony love: No, because there are some conversations you don’t have with your daughter’s best friend and “cousin.”
Anthony: But we're not out. At least you’re not. This is another reason why I'm mad because Rhodey said no to being my date next week.
Anthony: Well it just looks less sleazy when I'm with a woman two years older than me. Also I like Melinda even if I think she may have slept with you because of her Coulson crush that she refuses to act upon. Patches didn’t tell her that he was alive for a while.
(See the end of the chapter for
FRIDAY: No, but neither is Wanda. This is why I felt that it was the most opportune time to dispatch a courier to deliver the device.
Tony: The board members are assholes and I had to still take a few of the Paris meetings which I was informed of when I got on the plane because my assistant is devious when she’s not feeding me chocolate. I was so planning to sleep until we got to California. But now I have to be on in 30 minutes. I really want to take a nap.
HSBF: OK, since getting drunk is not an option, then pretend you're writing to me.
Purple Princess 2018: I’m not even surprised.
Genius Princess: Deke wants to know if his Nana has drunk herself into a puddle or locked herself in the framework? He’s concerned.
Tony: Glad to know you curse.
A key regarding who’s talking will be at the end of the chapter.
Tony: Oh yes we’re saving the kink negotiations until we can see each other face-to-face. Along with other conversations that may or may not be cathartic.
“I swear I’m going to put you on Ned’s laptop one of these days,” Tony groaned.
"OK, emails are all done," Tony said after dictating the last message to Ana. "How did your phone call go?”
Me: I wouldn’t be surprised. Have you spoken already?
Anthony: I may never be able to sit down for a slice of pizza with your BFF, but maybe I can start making peace with things. Bitterness is not productive.
Me: Fuck. You know I’m not going to be able to keep Liberty from getting to him. Really it’s a small miracle that they stayed apart so far.
Subject: Re: What happened in Mumbai?
Nomad: And you were friends with Michelle at MIT?
Venom: Yes.
HSBF: Especially if it is the end of the world. I would be holding your hand if I could.
Me: And I’m starting to realize about 80% of the stuff Howard said about you was complete bullshit, so that’s making everything easier.
Me: The Galileo satellite incident did make the news, but they’re referring to it as the Galileo satellite incident because the public is already in a panic.
Purple arrow is Clint, and Red spider is Natasha.
Chief mechanic: That’s fine. It would be spring break, and I would actually like to get them out of New York. I would send the high school kids to Malta with the little kids, but I’m already having trouble with our middle school kids. Ms. Marvel thinks that she can be useful and shouldn’t be shipped off. I’ve also heard Connor doesn’t want to leave. Lily bear, bless her heart, is reasonable and baby Nat is too little to know what the fuck is going on. I envy that child sometimes.
Blue phone: Have you ever considered having a relationship with someone who is not a civilian?
PS: Yes, I’ll bring pizza. Although it’s more likely to be from Italy the New York. The Quinjet has a special feature to keep pizza hot. Thank Tony for that.
Me: That is understandable.
Anthony: Yes, especially after the great sunflower butter fake peanut butter cup incident. And no, I won’t do something like that on purpose, even if I really want to get out of this. Right now, I’m just thankful that the inside of the event is closed to the press. Although the vultures will be outside the entire time.
“Are you and Fitz going to be okay?” Leo asked her.
Purple arrow: I will pick that up as soon as I no longer have kids sleeping on me.
Me: Happy has been mad at me a lot recently.
Me: Tony stepped up. He took care of the children while I was gone. He kept them entertained with movies and pizza while screaming at his legal team in any language that the kids did not know. He put aside his Carter issues to get me back once he realized that legal niceties were not going to work this time.
Red phone: You’re going to make me seriously regret the fact there is no alcohol in the penthouse if we keep talking about the fact that every relationship I touch turns to shit.
Steve: I'm just making lunch. Which you should join us for. You can't work on an empty stomach; you must leave Bruce's lab sometime. You've been there since you've got here. Have you even slept?
The Mechanic: I decided if we are going to have this conversation. It probably should be on a more encrypted line. Actually, did you talk to your nephew about his extracurriculars or was there just a lot of yelling. Benjamin’s voicemails were panicky.
Venom: Because you’re not allowed to talk to any of us when you’re at your mom’s.
Me: I’ll tell her that at Thanksgiving next week.
“You’re working on your Spanish. That’s so adorable. Isn’t he adorable?" He said, turning to Yo-Yo.
HSBF: What?
Me: Now we’re saying the same thing again. Except this time, it is humans first. No Inhumans allowed.
Football Hunter: But then you wouldn’t be here trying to fix the world. Just focus on preventing the robot apocalypse, and I will handle the rocks that eat people.
Melinda: Of course he is. Maybe I should skip Malta?
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love you and I did this for your own good. Also I got chocolate body paint. You can paint me like one of your French girls,” Tony offers. That makes Steve feel slightly better.
"Okay, Friday, set the timer for four minutes," Tony instructed Friday.
Anthony love: Which is why there’s now a bunch of dead aliens?
Red Malibu: You know I’m head over feet for Stefan. I think Lily just misses you. It’s hard when your parents aren’t there. I imagine it’s worse when you know that your dad loves you and doesn’t see you as a prize show pony.
Melinda: He might be able to help with this time travel situation.
Tony: No it doesn’t.
Venom: I knew that we’re friends, but I didn’t realize that’s how [redacted] figured out the truth. That’s a lot.
Avenger Ana: Already done.
Morgan’s dad: That's precisely what that means. I think we can do this together.
Me: So what’s your list?
Tony: You know if it wasn’t for the fact I would get to spend two more days with you, I would of left yesterday morning and not stayed for a meeting where I’m pretty much blamed for everything wrong, not just in their country, but the world in general. But that's a normal thing. I should’ve known this was going to happen when I was told that Senator Hateful’s Chief of Staff would be attending.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all lovely.
FRIDAY: Now, but not at the time.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation, you were all wonderful. Again, the timestamp is from Steve’s perspective.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely fabulous. While Tony and Steve were eating stuffed blueberry French toast and “frolicking” on the beach, Tony got some responses.
Counselor Laura: I want to know what happened to you.
Time sent: 11/12/2016 22:19:37
“Five more minutes.” Tony mumbled sleepily. But Steve wasn’t having it and pulled the blankets off of a very naked Tony. Steve was going to have to draw the scene later.
“I’m not surprised. Why are they not together yet? There was a betting pool going at Shield on when those two idiots would get together before he ‘died’.”
I’m trying to decide if they are more upset about me being with the boyfriend at the wedding or the Watchdog assassination attempt. The stocks only fell for like 30 seconds. I don’t care. Have the lawyers ready. Can you try to get it moved to Monday or Tuesday? Seriously, this is just like a nuisance.
Chief mechanic: For about three hours because Steve made me. Orgasms always make me sleepy.
TMNS: Why do adults always say things are complicated when they don’t want to provide a straight answer?
Nomad: That guy’s a jerk and a hypocrite. I hope I never run into him again. Otherwise, I may be tempted to break his self-righteous nose.
Tosha: Steve says it’s better than me living off peanut butter and jelly.
DILF: I mean using you. I never want you to think that.
Anthony: Another thing to talk about in therapy once you get to that point. Unfortunately, I have my own therapy appointment to get to. Actually I’m late too because apparently I forgot about it until Yo-Yo just showed up to my lab to drag me there.
Me: I think you should write to him.
HSBF: Will do. Were all the questions embarrassingly personal?
I don’t know how I feel about you seeing this from the other side because it’s not a very pleasant feeling. Although, I’m glad you understand more about how I feel. Of course, not being together, does not make the anxiety go away. So really, do make sure that you text me next time things go badly so I know that you’re OK.
The new consultant: That just makes it worse. What the fuck is going on?
Counselor Laura: Clint is going to cooperate, but we still need Simmons.
Me: Except for Perez. She is the smart one apparently.
To be continued
“It’s a long story. I also regret assuming that Tony was just going along with things for his own selfish interests and for not trying to see things from his perspective. I realize that things were a lot more complicated than I wanted to see at the time.” Steve tells her.
“To get you back, I would have done anything, anything. If I’m going to make that sacrifice, then spending the rest of my life with you is the most simple thing in the world. Leopold James Fitz, will you marry me?” She asked almost scared of the answer. Yes, he got her a ring, but maybe he changed his mind.
“I’m not five. Also, I thought Friday was banned from talking to Agent Barton.” Clint decided to refer to this Laura as Agent Barton only. Despite Natasha's argument, she was not his Laura.
Anthony: I could tell. See, this is so much easier to use than that arcane flip phone and 2000% less likely to get picked up by the ATCU. Although, since they are mostly getting pornographic text messages from me, I think they are starting to back off.
Me: How old was I when the murder bot fiasco happened?. Regardless, it took a while.
Me: Seriously, that again? When was the last time they were happy with me? Oh wait, when they found out how much money we were getting by leasing off most of the tower and moving upstate where the real estate is more reasonable and we probably won’t have to worry about aliens.
Me: The downside was he was always comparing me to you and I could never be as good as you to him. You were the standard he measured everyone else to and we were all lacking, especially me.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. It’s time for another interlude with Friday.
Subject: Please contact me directly when your children need to be excused from classes
Ms. Marvel knows some of what’s going on but not all of it. She doesn't know what happened to Uncle Phil. Let’s try to keep all information related to alien invasions in house for the moment. Although she does know your mom went missing. She doesn’t know that your mom is in another timeline. If you tell her that, make sure you use the Young Avenger line, not regular text messaging. There’s a reason why you and your BFF have a separate line; use it.
Also, this story is now being translated into Chinese by the fabulous KayKIMO. If anybody else is interested in translating this story or any of my other works into another language feel free to contact me.
Venom: Because her cousin is missing. Daisy went on a mission to Norway and didn’t come back. You’re going to have to forgive MJ for not texting you immediately. She planned to tell you once you got to your father’s, and we could all do a video call.
Me: I’ll try.
Me: So far, badly. I will follow up tomorrow. The principal knows you. You served with his grandad, and because people don’t know that we kissed and made up, very literally, there is some bitterness.
However, AOS season six came out, and I came to the conclusion that things make more sense if I view the TV shows as existing in a separate timeline that runs adjacent but divided at a previous point and therefore the blip doesn't happen.  I.e., in the Coulson lives universe, unlike Fury, Phil contacts Captain Marvel as soon as he was warned about the confederacy and she gets there in time to actually save the day.
Nomad: I wish I could tell you her name, but I can’t. I think it is covered under our national security honesty, exception. I really want to, but it’s not safe.
Blue phone: At least she talked you out of it.
Me: BTW she’s not Hydra. She passed a polygraph three times.
Me: Well first, you’re not denying that as a possibility. Also the fact that you prefer talking about that over the alternative also makes me think I’m right.
Warning: This chapter does have some minor spoilers for WandaVision. However, I did change something. I can do that because this is a slightly different timeline. Things are not entirely identical to the Sacred timeline. I promise it’s not very plot-relevant.
Blue phone: Of course
HSBF: I am not even surprised.
Hunter: I'm sure he can't be worse than Jeffrey. I heard stories.
Me: Well, I could put down inventing robotics that go bad and making lots of weapons that killed lots of people. That isn’t a positive accomplishment though.
Nomad: Your father did have an interesting reputation, so it is a possibility.
Time sent: 03/25/2018 12:04:41
“They will probably sell more tickets, if you’re not a war criminal.” Tony explained, neglecting to tell Steve it was part of the movie deal the lawyers negotiated.
Kitty brother: Will the fight come to Wakanda this time?
D FitzSimmons: You know I'm definitely going to ask you about the drinking because I always ask you about the drinking. I wish you wouldn’t drink so much. I get that you're in pain. I just wish there was a way to not make you hurt so much or at least a way to help you work through your pain that doesn't involve José Cuervo. You didn’t lose Bobo once; you lost him twice. I get why you drink; I just wish I could stop it. I just want you to not be sad. I want you to be the woman that my mom told me about growing up.
Counselor Laura: When Steve and May came to your house last week to asked you to help with their Time travel project, why did you say no? Was it because of Morgan? Because you don’t want to leave her behind if things go badly.
PS: Phil had me sign his issue of Captain America number one in exchange for not telling Tony that I got shot again. God, they were awful to Peggy in that.
To be continued…
Steve: Maybe. Do you still need me for that? Because if what we're doing works, we're still not going to be able to bring back Phil. He's gone.
Nomad: But you are working on something?
Nomad: Then they’re just going to have to get a new Captain America.
Melinda: Phil almost died.
Loki also knows that I have a communications device. More importantly, he knows I have someone that can create portals. Apparently, he knows all about Robbie. I wonder if the Rider would kill Loki on sight. I'm not as sure about that as I used to be. Maybe people do change.
Thank you to everybody who left comments for the story. Thank you to everybody who left kudos or added the story to your favorites or alerts. All of you have kept me happy and writing.
“I’m trying to be. Sometimes that is all you can do. I'm glad I am going to at least see Morgan for a little while because I hate being away from her.”
Rogers: He’s still going to be mad.
Tony: Robin does love her future little sister.
“I could see where Mister flaming head would come in handy.” That’s when he looks over to see an image of a flaming Hulk Buster. And this shouldn’t surprise him, considering what he saw his Audi do recently with Robbie behind the wheel. Tony tried to come up with a scientific explanation of the flaming Audi, but he’s just not able to.
Maybe if you can tear yourself away from your boyfriend for more than 20 minutes, we can get a drink. It will give you a break from being Stefan Carter.
Tony absolutely loves his boyfriend completely without a doubt. Although, there are moments where he doesn’t necessarily like him very much. The most recent moment when Tony had such thoughts involved his boyfriend making him spend breakfast with Sam and Romanoff. Especially when they could be in bed together, since Tony had nowhere to be before noon. (He feels like he needs to send Agent May a giant thank you basket or flowers for teaching Steve the thing with the tongue and the fingers.)
Just like the last in person conversation, this begins almost immediately after the last message, meaning it’s still September 24. It is going to be September 24 for a while actually. This is going to be a big day for us in this story. Yes, May did steal Steve’s phone.
“I’m fine with that and someday you’re going to have to share that childhood trauma with me. I have no trouble avoiding restraints for right now. Maybe later scarves?” Steve asked.
“It’s the hair. The blonde thing is a little hard to get used to. Although, I guess one of us needs to be a blonde since you’ve graduated to auburn.” She joked.
“I can’t get a definitive answer on that but I wouldn’t be surprised.”
Me: And well you’re Captain America before the stupid Accords, you could call up anybody in the world and they would want to have dinner with you. Actually quite a lot of people still want to have dinner with you which is why the free Captain America campaign is going so well. The State Department is getting about 100 calls a day and at least four times as many letters. According to my TOS contact, several people are 30 seconds from resigning because of this.
The highly encrypted Avenger cell phone of Steve Rogers
“Have another cookie,” Natasha said as she held him closer.
Thank you for getting everything together on such short notice. You should probably send up at least the level one chocolate basket to the night HR team. The hotel idea was good, but Rio isn’t quite ready for it yet. Understandable. Everything is changing. Although just in case the husband turns out to be more problematic than we think, could you hire a private detective to keep an eye on things? I kind of would like proof if he’s really undercover or just a bigoted asshole. I would like Spidey Jr. not to end up with daddy issues like me.
Me: And you actually prefer that to talking to me?
Counselor Laura: He won’t. I think this Steve wants to support you as much as the other Steve supports my Tony.
Anthony: You even used the L word.  Is this how you were planning for me to find out?
“Yes. Also, Melinda's first husband was a therapist, so I think he taught her things." Steve joked.
“That’s understandable. If that happens, tell Pepper I'll talk to her after the 2 PM meeting. She’s a CEO; she understands schedules and not actually having a weekend." Tony lamented.
"I'll start. I was born in May 1970. My dad brought my mom red roses that she dried because he didn’t actually make it in time for my birth. He wasn’t around that much because work kept him away. Thankfully I had Ana and Jarvis, who were my other parents. At least until Hydra killed Ana. Not that I knew that until we got the data dump from the other timeline. I got sent to boarding school, which I understand now. I could've understood it back then if someone actually told me what the hell was going on. It was fine. I think I did better in smart kid boarding school." Yes, he's extra bitter right now.
"Stark, stop kissing your boyfriend now.” He heard Agent May say from the door, waiting impatiently. "The plane leaves at five."
Nomad: Several. Ross, other Ross, Senator Ellen Nadeer, and my ex-boyfriend.
Steve: Yes, of course. Things are going slow because this really isn't Bruce's field, and Simmons is rarely sober, but they're working on it. I know you don't want to be here anyway.
Blue phone: It’s too dangerous.
“Because bad things can’t happen one at a time,” May remarked.
To: The Mechanic
Me: Which brings me back full circle to being 13 and jacking off to your propaganda poster and being completely freaked out about what it actually meant. Except this time, it’s you not the All American Boy Scout that’s confusing the hell out of me. And I’m still doing it after our little fuck up. No wonder I need a therapist. (Message not sent)
Cuddle Bunny: That in itself is an example of you not always take the easy way out. The easy way would have been you getting completely loaded right now.
Nomad: Several million dollars if your recent experiment is any indication.
Tony: A little of column A and a little of column B. But you’ve dealt with me leaving my towels on the floor and you’re planning to be my date at a Mumbai wedding in November, so I’m a little more relaxed now.
Nomad: Tony’s on a suicide watch because of the breakup?
“You already talked to May this morning?” Tony asked.
Counselor Laura: Yet he’s here, and he says he’s from five years in the future. Is this Leopold all over again?
“Yes. Now I understand why you should be careful what you wish for. I know that his leaving was for the best. He was a monster. So I became a monster. I understand Ward now,” she definitely wanted to hug him.
A few notes, we will be switching back and forth between the “Tony and Steve have their ship together” timeline and the “Tony and Steve are still idiots” timeline. Which as you see so far is not quite the same as the way it was in Endgame cannon, such as the fact that Tony is not married, but Steve is. We will explore why that’s the case as we go forward. I have my reasons for mixing things up a little bit.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely lovely.
Of course, it was only once they were on the Quinjet (the one that was still in Steve’s custody that was modified by the Princess because Tony actually came to Mumbai on the corporate jet), after deciding it was best to leave Mumbai now, that he realized that he was right about Steve bleeding. His boyfriend got shot twice by the evil puppies. Once in the leg and once in the shoulder. The energy shield couldn’t work quite right, during the EMP pulse, even the super-duper version created by the Princess was flickering out. Just enough time for a bullet hole or two. Seriously, what was he going to do with this boyfriend?
Anthony: We could totally be in our room working on round number 4. I think I got you to the point where you’re willing to be on top. I promise I won’t have a Siberia flashback. I know you’re worried about that.
“Not that badly. Natasha definitely prefers you over the congressional staffer,” Steve told him.
“Yes," Tony answered quickly. “We’re skipping this question.”
Tony Potts: I feel like there are other reasons.
Tony: She’s never happy. Besides, it’s necessary. At the rate were going it’s going to be January before we get through all these questions. Since S is having his worst week in Washington, I decided to take the risk. Jane terrifies me and we really need to be good to go in a couple of weeks.
Dr. Madeline Rice: Current National Security Advisor to President Ellis. Nominated to be the 70
DILF: When Scott showed up last week, I thought maybe just maybe we could give her and her big sister a better future. Do you have any idea how many times I have held Kamala as she cried about missing her parents and her brother? They deserve better and so does Morgan.
Iron Dad: Because I wanted him to focus on navigating the Gen. situation, which apparently means a press conference with the president.
MayMQ: There's also tonight.
“Things are going to be better this time,” Hunter said as he entwined his fingers with Leo’s.
Cuddle Bunny: Do you mean coming under the accords?
Me: Have we dealt with any super villains lately?
Kitty brother: Trying is the operative word. They are unable to remove the shards of the hammer.
“Okay, my first job was at what we would now consider an underground gay bar," Steve explained. This really shouldn’t surprise Tony.
SimmonsJA: Understandable.
PS: I brought chocolate
Nomad: Not the point.
It was just at that moment that the room went completely dark.
Purple Arrow: Daisy has a cousin? That’s May’s daughter? The one that was dusted?
Melinda: Apparently, Friday took over a conversation with somebody Laura’s address book refers to as Boss Tony.
"So what really happened in Siberia?"
“So apparently you are a possessive bastard?” Tony asked.
Me: And this is what happened with [redacted]?
Updated A/N September 2020: You're probably aware by this point that I write these chapters months in advance before posting, A/N and all. Especially right now because my beta reader is on vacation at the moment. I have everything written up to conversation 22 already and those chapters are in various stages of proofreading.
Conversation 15: Coparenting the Tony and Pepper Way
Me: Yes, and it mostly involved keeping three children calm for two days. But I’m the one who didn’t want him to tell you, despite this new honesty thing you’re trying. I didn’t want Clint to find out until things are sorted and I had time to contact him myself.
“Very hard, and it's worse now seeing the happy version of her," Deke told the group. "I'm not even mad at Bobo because if you find yourself in a strange time, you survive by whatever means necessary. I just don’t need to see that survival right now.”
