All Our Own - Radio Company
Gabriel’s jaw was set in what Lucifer was coming to understand was part of his stubborn face. Wide grin aside, the younger archangel’s eyes were hard, and it gave the smile a rather sinister look if he were to be honest. And since he didn’t lie, Lucifer couldn’t deny that that look actually gave him the chills and set off a thrill of fear whenever he saw it. His fun-loving golden baby brother had turned into someone hard and vengeful and it truly made him sad to see it.
“That’s all I ask.” She reached into her pocket and pulled out a business card. “Now I know that Lucifer has my number, but I want you to have it too.” Holding it out, she waited until he took it before moving away. “You can call me anytime.” She nodded at Mazikeen. “Maze.”
His brother’s voice startled Dean out of the vague sort of feeling that he was getting due to his exhaustion. Nodding, he relaxed back into his seat as Sam got out of the car and headed into the hotel office to get them a room. It shouldn’t be too hard. Jack and Elohim had provided ID’s and a pretty hefty back account for them to use. All of it apparently legit, too. It was weird to have money and ID’s that wouldn’t get them arrested. At least their ID’s showed their real names and not some made up shit like they had used before. He couldn’t wait for this all to be over and for them to be back together with Cas.
Going to California - Led Zeppelin
As soon as Daniel was out of the way Lucifer raised both of his hands, palm out, until they were about even with the top button of his waistcoat. “I hope you don’t mind if I step into the room, darling. It probably wouldn’t do for the human medical personnel to hear our conversation.” He stood as still as he could as their bright eyes surveyed his appearance. It was the sort of stillness that he rarely employed when he was up top because it did tend to unnerve humans. When his sibling gave a tight nod, he stepped into the room just far enough to be able to close the door behind him.
Letting out the breath he hadn’t realized that he had been holding, Gabriel nearly laughed and nearly sobbed. Reaching his own hand out, he placed it over Sam’s heart and just stood there for a moment drinking in the other man’s presence. “I missed you too Samsquatch.” Looking over his shoulder he was pleased to see that Dean was talking peaceably with his two older brothers while Casi was contentedly tucked into his side, holding him with what looked like a pretty tight grip. Turning back to Sammykins, he smiled brightly. “Want to blow this joint? My big bro has got a pretty sweet set up in the penthouse upstairs, complete with a rockin’ sound system and well stocked bar. There is even a nice home theater set up if you get the urge to Netflix and chill with me.” He waggled his eyebrows and was delighted when Sam laughed in response.
Once he had Sammykins in the elevator, he released the other man so that he could press the button to send them on their way. Watching Sam lean against the back of the elevator, he smiled again. For even as relaxed as the human was trying to make himself appear, the archangel could tell that he was nervous. And it would seem that he was also fascinated by the play of light over Gabriel’s feathers. It was turning out that Gabriel was actually kind of starting to like this whole corporeal wings thing.
Gabriel rolled his eyes before shrugging. “It might have been a little heavy handed, but it doesn’t count. You did learn something from that.”
“Nothing you can give me.” He didn’t turn to her when she huffed and reached over the bar for another bottle. Honestly, he was done. He just wanted to go back to his room and have this day be over. He was starting to think he understood Sammich’s issue over the whole Tuesday repeat lesson. It had been harsh, sure, but at least the kiddo had finally gotten it in the end. He had even forgiven Gabriel for it, not that he really deserved it.
Down to the Bottom - Dorothy
Shaking his head Dean stood. “Nope. It’s Supernatural themed. Since we look like the actors when they’re dressed like us, then they should just let us in.”
He shook his head and shrugged. “I just met him a couple of days ago. I’m friends with his brothers, Cas and Gabriel.”
“From Supernatural?”
When Dean-o motioned over his shoulder, Gabriel hadn’t been sure what he was expecting, but there as he always was, was Sam. His Sammykins looked just as tall and delectable as he always did. There was little to show that any time had passed since the last time they had seen each other that horridly painful day in the Apocalypse world, as the Supernatural fans so aptly called it. His own brother Sami’s forensic scientist friend Ella had introduced him and Cas to the show, though Casi seemed to have already known about it. He had mentioned something about dear old Chucky writing books while he was mostly human and very forgetful. But that didn’t mean that it hadn’t hurt to see any of it, because it had. He had stayed away from most of it after seeing just the one episode called Changing Channels. There was only so much of reliving the glory days that he could take.
Pouring another finger of whiskey into the glass that he was clutching, he glared at the bottle of Jameson. He pressed his lips together to prevent either a sigh or a sob from escaping again. Tossing it back, he poured another and was about to toss this one back when a dark skinned and haired demon sat at the bar next to him. He watched as she reached over his brother’s private bar and grabbed a clear bottle of vodka. Without a word, she unscrewed the top and offered to pour some into his whiskey for him. After he shook his head she shrugged and proceeded to raise the bottle to her lips and chug it.
Cas grimaces causing Dean to laugh. “Careful Cas, you keep squinting like that and your face will stay that way.” Cas immediately tries to relax his facial muscles while Dean giggles at him. “Facial expressions aside Dean, I am not a guy. I am an Angel of the Lord and, as I already said, I do not fall under any gender identifications. Also, it is my understanding that many human males engage in phys… certain things, very frequently.”
Dean can't help but nod furiously and as the Ceceilea's tentacles slip away, leaving his body limp and buzzing with arousal, he has just enough cognitive function to squeak out, "Your name, I-I don't know your name."
Realization dawns on Dean’s face. “Cas? Did Sam see me sleeping on you?” Cas cocks his head anticipating Dean will get uncomfortable again but not understanding why or how to stop it. “Why do you ask?”
Dean's mind can barely comprehend what Blue Eyes is saying as his limbs curl around Dean's oversensitive body. "However, if you would like that, if you wish for me to ravage your body until it's so spent that it can no longer supply the cum to match your orgasms...then you will go home, get a hearty meal and a good night's rest, and 'bump into me' again tomorrow afternoon at the supermarket.”
Before Dean even really registers what happened, Cas is kind of freaking out. “Oh, Dean I'm so sorry! How could I have been so careless? I knew we should have brought these outside. It’s everywhere! Where are your extra napkins?” Cas had spilled a small line of ice cream down the seat and Dean tries to stop him from going for the glovebox, but Cas is determined to clean up the small mess that you would think is an entire pie smeared into the leather by how he's reacting. “No Cas, it's fine, just don't open the….glovebox.” There, for all the world to see, is a roll of condoms and a, decent sized but still mini, bottle of lube.
Dean gulps and smiles with glistening eyes. Just knowing he's the one causing Cas to make those sounds, knowing he's bringing his Angel this much pleasure, gives him confidence. Cas gasps when he looks back at Dean seeing so much emotion being reflected back at him.
And what the fuck is Dean supposed to say to that? Because yeah, he's hard as a fucking rock and can do fuckall about it. Which actually makes it that much hotter. Suddenly the hold on him loosens and is gone as they continue to stare at each other. He irrationally mourns the loss of those tentacle’s tight grip on his body.
Dean chuckles and starts running his other hand through Cas's hair. “Oh no, don’t try to change the subject.” Cas looks incredulous again but his smile never fades. “I suppose it could loosely be translated to, my heart. ‘Ozien Rit’ is more like saying my love. It was strange not having control over what I was saying. I've never said those words to anyone before.”
Cas bends back. “YES!” Dean sweeps his eyes over the sleek appendages and he's consumed by their magnificence. “Your wings are beautiful Angel.” Cas draws in a breath and lets a slow satisfied sigh sink through him. Dean can tell Cas enjoys being called Angel almost as much as Castiel. Dean's touches are softer and careful now. He makes sure to run his fingertips along every feather he can reach. He gives special attention to, and makes mental notes of, the places which elicit succulent behaviors to pour out of Cas. He’s reverent in his work as he strokes and caresses every inch within reach, just like he said he would.
Cas continues to squint at him, waiting for a much more compelling argument. When Dean doesn't answer, Cas tries to keep calm and not let the strange urge to start yelling overtake him. He tries to sound more curious than anything. “So you are uncomfortable with physical contact from all males?” Dean knits his brows together, apparently convinced Cas is asking for intellectual purposes. “What? Can you stop saying physical contact? And no, I mean…yeah mostly.”
Dean sees, what he assumes to be a salt water pool out back and takes in the tasteful design of the Ceceilea's home. He watches as Blue Eyes putters around the house for a while picking up stray books and tidying up the couch pillows. Dean finds a perch on a thick fallen log and watches as the last of the sunlight fading into darkness makes everything in the clearly lit home pop against the backdrop of the night. Dean shivers and wonders how long he's going to creep on this poor unsuspecting guy before he guiltily heads home to plan his next move. His berating and delinquent thoughts are interrupted by Blue Eyes opening his hall closet and attempting to drag out something heavy. As the object is pulled into the light, Dean makes out that it's a chair, but Blue Eyes is strong and he's putting way too much effort in just getting out an empty chair from the closet. Once more of the chair is revealed, Dean realizes it's so heavy because it's not empty. There's a freaking guy tied to it.
Even at the grocery store Dean is currently shopping in right now, he's seen Halfling people go through all kinds of shit that is totally unacceptable and inappropriate, even though the owner and all the cashiers are for Halfling rights and do their best to deny service to anyone who isn't. They still have the periodic scowler, or disgusting comments about how ‘that kind' shouldn't be served here. It makes Dean sick. They're people, and nine times out of ten, they're awesome people.
As they get further and further from the bustling city, he realizes they're going into a pretty wooded area that he didn't even know was out here. It actually isn't that far from the more populated area they just drove through, but they might as well be driving onto in the middle of nowhere. Dean let's Blue Eyes turn down a small road and passes him to not get caught, but he quickly doubles back and takes the same turn with his lights off. He sees a nice-looking house pretty far down the road with just enough light to see it’s made of mostly windows. He pulls over, almost too far away to make out anything, and if it isn't for the last bit of twilight sun hanging onto the sky he would have no idea the house is even there. In fact, if he thinks about it, this place has to be the most secluded little woodsy area that exists near the town. It's the perfect little haven down a road no one would even know is there.
Dean doesn't delay for a second. “Yes sir!” He actually likes how commanding Cas can get and secretly hopes to see more of that happen in the future. He reaches out and runs his hands through Cas’s feathers. Cas’s body shivers as he makes sure he's lined up. He starts to sink down and Dean digs his hands deep into the insides of Cas’s wings massaging bone and tendon.
Cas squirms beneath him letting out appreciative whimpers and pleas for more. Dean makes eye contact as he licks a circle around one of Cas's nipples and then the other. Cas throws both hands up and grabs onto the metal bars that make up the headboard behind the pillows his head is laying on.
But, Dean can't help his mind still trying to war with itself, even after the threshold is obviously crossed. He can't help but think, Why is this so hot? A second ago he was wondering what he was even doing and now he's talking about savoring it. Though he seems to remember imagining some pretty similar scenarios that don't even close to compare, because this is really Cas. All these delicious reactions are genuinely Cas and not Dean's mind trying to imagine what they would be like. All the moans of pleasure and involuntary movements, they're all really being caused by Dean’s hands and his lips. He revels in how the reality of this surpassed his imagination so much.
Cas whips his head up and tackles Dean to the other side of the bed with his wings spread wide. He tears ferociously at the button on Dean’s jeans and pulls them off along with his boxers before Dean even knows what hit him.
Cas walks over to join Dean at the edge of the dock and they both sit next to each other in content silence. After a moment Cas leans in towards Dean. “Do you ever catch anything?” Dean shrugs as he answers. “No, not really. I don't think it's as much about catching the fish as it is about the calm.”
Cas reflects on this new information for a moment. He already experienced Dean get uncomfortable about this and had ended up with him pressed against his body. Though, Sam doesn't know about that and his concern for Cas's feelings sparks something within him. A deep appreciation for Sam is ignited in his chest. “Thank you Sam. I will keep that in mind for when he awakens.”
Cas's voice is deep and wrecked but booming. Dean watches in complete awe as Cas opens his eyes and they're glowing! Dean's motions stutter for a moment while he tries to wrap his head around it. He resumes his thrusts and Cas yells out his name again.
Dean sees Cas is distracted and takes this opportunity to dive into a heated kiss. Dean cups Cas's face and smoothly moves his body over Cas's, exhilarated by catching him off guard. Once Dean's straddling him, he starts running his hands through Cas's hair again. He pushes hard into their motions and Cas heeds Dean's lead and lays down, slowly letting his head touch the wood of the dock below him. Dean drops his hands from Cas's hair and is now hovering over Cas with both hands firmly planted on the dock on either side of Cas's shoulders.
The only answer is to find the guy. It can't be that hard in Kansas right? There aren't even that many Cecealia that live here. Except, maybe there are and they just aren't very social.
Dean jumps and he knows that look of a kid on Christmas morning is plastered on his face again. “Oh shit yeah! I'm not gonna turn that down!” A pleased smile creeps onto Cas’s face. He takes the bottle from Dean’s hand and squeezes it, dribbling lube over the head of Dean’s dick like syrup. Before it drips too far he catches it with his palm and starts pulsing.
Cas whines and bucks up into him seeking the lost friction Dean took away by sitting up. Dean is shaken from his thoughts and he looks down to see Cas with his eyes screwed shut pulling on Dean's clothes. He's struck with awe that Cas wants him so badly. He's never seen someone so desperate for his touch. All of his trepidation melts away. He smiles at Cas’s ability to quell his panic whenever it threatens to rise up and cause him to back off.
Dean's mouth gets ahead of him and he rushes out, "How did you do it? How did you get him here? I didn't even know he was missing and somehow he's all the way out here where no one will ever find him, how?"
Dean’s ears turn a bit pink with maybe embarrassment, however, Cas is pleased to see Dean can’t help but smile at his response. It eases Dean back into a more comfortable mood. “Yeah I don’t remember having a lot of these dreams but I like them when they come. Actually, I think the last time was when you showed up too.” Cas scans the horizon contentedly. “Yes, I remember. I’m glad I get to stay and enjoy it this time.”
Dean chuckles at Cas’s obvious attempt at avoiding using the words ‘physical contact’ or ‘comfort’. He shakes his head at how considerate Cas can be, and well Sam too apparently. “Well he’s an insightful little shit isn’t he.”
To Dean's surprise and elation, they're smiling at each other, and though this guy's grin is small and tight, it conveys a lot of emotion through such a small variation of facial muscles. Dean follows the line of thought from genuine contentment to something else in his eyes and, before he knows it, the beautiful Ceceilea is shaking his head and dispelling the happy trance they seemed to be under.
Cas's other wing is hanging loosely off the bed and it looks like the tip might almost be touching the water, but he can't see from this angle. Dean lays back contentedly and sighs with a happy grin he can’t get rid of. He tilts his head towards Cas's and breaths in deep. “Did… did I black out?” Cas wraps his arm around Dean tightly and somehow gets impossibly closer. “Yes, it was strange until I realized what had happened.”
Cas is surprised at the feeling of Dean's tongue expertly maneuvering around his own. He whimpers and clings to Dean's plaid shirt, trying to follow Dean's lead with his tongue movements. Their actions slow again as they catch their breath. They gradually release each other, reluctant to open their eyes.
Dean presses their lips together lightly and touches his fingertips to a particularly sensitive spot behind Cas's ear. Cas responds by clutching Dean’s side and he hums happily as their lips part. “You are very easy to please Dean.”
Cas's wings beat once and it sends one circular wave through the lake behind them. Cas is riding Dean now and, instead of guiding him, Dean just holds on and lets himself be swept up in it. Cas's entire being tenses and his eyes brighten with grace. It looks like he's vibrating and Dean can only gaze as he beholds Cas letting himself go as the wave he's riding crashes.
He ends up parked near the faculty lot again, but he still doesn't have the guts to talk to the guy. Especially now that he's essentially stalked him and has no organic way to bump into him there. He watches as this wet dream of a person glides smoothly along the sidewalk to his car and slips inside. Dean isn't sure why the guy chooses to eat in his car, but that seems to be exactly what he's doing again, until he's flagged down by an eager student. The young girl leans closely into the Ceceilea's window, a little too closely if you ask Dean, and it doesn't take long for Dean to realize she's attempting to flirt. Dean should really just look away, just leave this guy to his life of endless opportunities with whoever he wants, and move the fuck on. If only the tight knot, which Dean vaguely recognizes as jealously, wasn't getting worse as he fails to tear his eyes away from the blatant display before him.
The Ceceilea Halfling is no longer flailing and has righted himself to hover over Dean. He has stoic features but the colors of his tentacles blend together in a kaleidoscope of dark blues and purples, none of which compare to the bright sky blue of his piercing eyes. He looks Dean over appraisingly, and seems to like what he sees, but doesn't answer. Dean figures maybe he doesn't speak English, it's rare since English is such a simple language to learn compared to Ceceilean. Most Ceceileans learn to speak it fluently within a few weeks, but it could happen. Dean tries to speak a little Ceceilean that he's picked up over the years. He's not very good at it, but he gets by. He's best at saying his own name, which is one of the more simple words in the complicated series of clicks and whistles that make up the vernacular.
Dean raises one eyebrow and smiles down at Cas's head, overly pleased with Cas's reaction. Cas pauses for a long time and Dean thinks for a minute that they're just going to lay there in silence. He's way too comfortable to move and he just lays there grinning contently. Cas is very still but not tense. “I would like to do this again.”
He pauses before asking his next question, "So.... how many people have you killed?"
Dean gives Cas an endearing look. “Nooo... teeth is bad. This is what teeth feels like.” Dean scrapes his teeth along the shaft and rakes them over the head slowly, letting Cas feel everything. “And this…This is what no teeth feels like.”
Cas is beaming at him again and he almost forgets green means go and has to hurry to get through the intersection before someone behind him starts honking. “I don't mind appeasing the masses with you, as I'll likely be one of the patrons who takes advantage of your good nature in allowing the perusal of your pride and joy. It should be quite an enjoyable start to the event.” Dean swells with pride and he can't wipe the smile off his face, he can even feel the blush coming on from the praise he's not entirely used to receiving. “It's good to hear you speak all proper in person. It's just like I imagined too.” Except he didn't think it would come out of a sexy, built, stud with a whiskey voice and a penchant for flirting. Again, not complaining.
Dean looks down at Cas and holds out his hand. “You coming?” Cas lights up and takes Dean’s hand as he stands. Sam's smiling but bewildered face melts into a serene smile as he watches Dean and Cas walk down the hallway, holding hands while Dean gulps down another swig of coffee.
Cas grabs so tightly to the bars at the head of the bed his hands are white. Cas is fucking himself down onto Dean’s fingers uncontrollably. “DEAN!” He yells out an incoherent plea. Dean is concentrating and he slows his hand motion on Cas’s cock. “Hold on, I don't want to hurt you.” Cas whimpers loudly. “Please Dean, please.”
Dean smirks knowing exactly what to say to that. “What kind of righteous man of yours would I be if I didn’t make sure?” Cas’s entire body tenses and he yells out so loud it feels like everything starts shaking around them. “Ozien Samevelaji Coredazodizoda!” He starts to come undone and stops thinking.  He can barely put another sentence together but manages to huff out a demanding request. “Dean, t-t-touch m-my w-… my wings.”
Dean can't make out everything but every so often he hears the words 'Dean', 'Yes', 'Please', a very slurred version of ‘Jackpot', and something he doesn't understand but it keeps being repeated. 'Ozien' and 'Sam eve la ji Coreda zod izoda'. Or something.
Dean reaches down with his arms crossed and pulls the bottom of his under shirt up, just a bit, exposing his hip. Cas hungrily explores his actions with his eyes. Dean pauses with a smirk, waiting for Cas to show him how much he wants him to continue. Cas's hands shoot forward, grabbing onto either side of Dean's jeans near his hips, and grips them tight. That's Dean's queue, and he inches his shirt up over his head. He balls it up and throws it with the rest of his clothes. He smiles down at Cas who is mesmerized. He leans down, seeming to go for Cas's neck again, but instead he scoops his hands under Cas's arms and uses his thighs to roll them both over in a quick motion.
Suddenly Dean remembers something. He reaches blindly behind Cas’s shoulder until he feels the strip of silky fabric he's searching for. He pulls it around and the strange sensation around Cas’s neck makes Cas open his eyes. Dean basks in the ocean blue that matches the sleek tie he's clutching. He acknowledges the stunned look on Cas’s face with a confident smile. He pulls on the cloth in a fluid motion and Cas’s eyes grow wide and wild. Their lips are so close Cas can feel Dean’s breath on his face.
Dean’s ears turn bright red and he fights to control the butterflies in his stomach that he will never admit are there. He smiles through his words. “Well, we already had physical contact so...I guess we should try something else?”
Dean gets his wish when the sound cuts off abruptly. Dean looks up to realize it's because Blue Eyes has slammed his tentacle so hard on the guy's windpipe that he'll probably never be able to speak again Honestly, that's more of a relief to Dean than anything. He tries to make out what Blue Eyes is saying, but all he can hear is the low timber of the Ceceilea's voice. He's speaking much quieter than the piece of shit tied to the chair was, but even without actually hearing the words, Dean sees how menacing, terrifying, and magnificent Blue Eyes is. The vile douche completely at his mercy, unable to scream for help, not that it mattered all the way out here, is sufficiently scared shitless. Dean watches as strong and steady tentacles creep up Vile Douche's body as he struggles to free himself. Before Dean can fully process what's happening, bones are loudly cracking and the guy is silently screaming in pain as he watches his body be flattened and go limp under him. The last part Blue Eyes crushes is Vile Douche's skull, and his eyes reflect the horror being inflicted on him as the life slowly leaks out of them.
Dean reaches up and holds onto the base of Cas’s wings with both hands and they thrust into each other. Cas wraps his hands around Dean and scratches at the back of his ribs to encourage him to go deeper. Dean moves his hands to Cas’s shoulder blades next to his wings and scratches there which sends Cas into a moaning frenzy.
Cas's arms wrap around Dean's waist and his nails dig into his back making him hum with contentment. "Look at me Cas." Dean bends his head back and tenderly pulls Cas's head by his hair. They lock eyes and Cas looks like he's ready to explode.
Dean can't wrap his head around that, and it must show because Blue Eyes concedes and elaborates, "It is not uncommon for Ceceilea to have scuba tanks delivered to their homes. Many of my kind like to share the water with humans and therefore accrue the proper supplies to do so. He was sedated and fitted with an oxygen mask and delivered before the air supply was depleted."
That chance comes in the form of a car show. Now, Dean's not one to miss a car show anyway, so when one gets scheduled very near to where Cas lives in Pontiac, IL, Dean decides he'll make the trek out to surprise him. He'll give him an out of course. He'll mention he's in town for the show and offer Cas a ride, and hope he takes it, but if not, he'll enjoy the car show anyway, and they don't know what each other actually look like, so if Cas isn't comfortable meeting it's not like they'll have an awkward run in. He'll just idly wonder if this guy or that guy admiring the cars he knows Cas likes best are him. No big deal. Dean's hoping he'll take him up though.
Dean smiles with half lidded eyes and pulls Cas in for a carnal kiss leaving them both breathless. Dean smirks. "Hmm I told you this would be fun." He drags his fingers through Cas's hair and pulls on a tuft of feathers near the bend of Cas's wing.
Cas welcomes the sounds now, having found a new appreciation for how pleasant they are. Besides the slow thrumming of Dean's heart it's eerily quiet again and Cas finds himself wishing he could hear Dean shuffle or babble in his sleep like he does sometimes when he's dreaming. As if on queue Dean suddenly breaks the thick silence by letting out a tiny whimper and small sigh.
Cas looks out to the lake again and notices the scenery changing colors. The sky was a reddish-purple and it slowly fades back to bright blue. Cas realizes the colors of the sky might correspond with Dean's emotions and tries to decipher the connection as he watches the shimmer of the water.
Cas looks back up while trying to keep the rest of his body as still as possible. “Yes Sam?” Sam is determined to get this out no matter how awkward it becomes. “When Dean wakes up, he might be a little.... confused, uh, disoriented I mean.”
Dean reaches up again and strokes the primary feathers, still gentle but more forceful this time. Cas growls loudly and practically falls onto Dean's chest with his face buried in Dean's shoulder. Dean smiles and repeats the action, letting his fingertips brush the wing tips.
They end up taking their drinks to kind of an overlook that Dean says is right out of a teen horror movie with hook man if they were there at night. Cas just laughs and assures him that he won't be brutally murdered on his watch. Somehow Dean feels comforted by that. As Dean's licking the cream from his spoon he chuckles at his own thoughts before voicing them to Cas. “Guess my milkshake only brought one boy to the yard.” Cas doesn't miss a beat. “True, but the caliber of boy it brought more than makes up for it. It really brought a man to the yard, I think that's much better.” Cas finishes his statement with a wink and Dean doesn't know if he should melt or crack up laughing and the result is some weird combination of the two.
Cas grimaces again, knowing he's about to give Dean an answer he probably doesn't want to hear. “It's very difficult to ignore them when you're practically yelling them at me in your mind. I can generally tune them out if I feel I am invading your privacy, but that was near impossible to ignore.”
Cas can't take it anymore and he pulls Dean down towards him. Dean complies, unable to hold back and he grinds down. “Damn Cas, why do you gotta make it so hard?” Cas reciprocates Dean's motions, rubbing up against him with vigor. “You're the one who's making it hard Dean.” Cas's tone is serious and he bucks up into Dean again showing him how true his statement is.
Cas seems to think very hard for a moment. He tries to sort Dean's answer like a riddle and Dean watches him closely, somewhat fascinated with Cas's thought process, but is also nervous of the conclusion he'll come up with. Cas makes a contented noise and lets a smile play across his lips. “You seem to happily allow me to comfort you physically more often than you allow other men to do it. I’m curious, if it were Jimmy in this body would you accept physical comfort from him?”
He's surprised how much he and classiccarangel hit it off through threads and comments, and they start talking in DM's pretty quickly. Turns out they have an instant connection and start communicating constantly. They message all hours of the day, about way more than just cars, and start to get pretty close. Well, as close as you can get while still only communicating through Twitter.
Dean takes a shocked moment to fully take in what he's witnessed. He probably knows how he should feel. Part of him knows that piece of shit in the chair was still a life that got snuffed out before his eyes. The thing is, after everything that guy has said, after everything he's done, Dean can't really feel that sorry for him. He's escaped justice and punishment for so long, it's only right he's taken out this way. He takes in the satisfaction written all over the Ceceilea's face and he can't help but be drawn to him. Dean leans in as his calves start to tire from his perched position. He snaps a twig in front of him and it's so loud he wonders if the damn thing was hooked up to loud speakers somehow. The Cecaelia he just watched crush the life out of someone turns right to Dean and Dean’s stomach, which has already been put through the ringer, drops into his toes. Dean barely has time to think before he's up and running as fast as he can, dodging branches and logs, knowing he's not faster than any Cecaelia.
Dean freezes as he watches Blue Eyes continue to putter around the house as if he doesn't have a dangerous kidnap victim yelling terrible things at him that Dean can barely make out from where he's hiding. Dean's stomach turns in disgust at the thought of considering this repulsive person a victim, especially with what he can make out of his rantings. He wishes he couldn't hear any of it because it's some vile shit this asshole is spewing. He's bragging about all the Halflings he's killed himself or had killed, about breaking up their families and sending the children back into slavery. It makes Dean want to hurl.
It's like all of his brain cells are exploding at once in an eruption of color. He's seeing things that he's never been able to see before. It's almost as if his mind can't comprehend what's happening to him. It's as if his brain has to create something new, that's never existed before, to hold this moment in so he doesn’t collapse into a black hole and suck everything up with him into nothingness like a dying star. He doesn't have a concept of time anymore, but the next thing he knows, he's opening his eyes.
It feels good for Cas to see Dean like this, so peaceful and comfortable in the safety of his dream sanctuary. He could sit like this for years. However, he hears the sound of a door opening in the distance and knows they’re about to be interrupted by Sam. He clings to the remaining minutes he has before he’ll undoubtedly need to leave the dream to assure Sam everything is fine. He wonders briefly if this will ruin the shaky balance they've built up to and he'll have to start over. He's not even sure what he's starting over, but it may take some work to get Dean back to a place where he can get that close to him again.
He doesn't even care that his neck is bent against the door or that Cas’s head is also bent forward to prevent him from hitting the ceiling. Eventually however, these things start to be an issue. Cas calls it before Dean and pulls out so they can scramble to change positions and get Cas back inside of him where be belongs. They end up with Cas seated in the middle of the bench with his legs sprawled out and Dean straddling him while holding onto the back of the seat. Dean’s breath catches as the new angle plunges Cas deeper than he's been and Dean can't help but move his hips in tiny circles to feel Cas’s cock rub deep inside of him making sparks light behind his eyes.
Dean can't help the somewhat shocked smile as he looks up at the guy who took down one of the scariest fuckers on the planet without breaking a sweat. He must look like such a dope right now because Blue Eyes shakes his head fondly before saying, "It's unfortunate for me that you are a good person. It means I cannot kill you, even though you now know far too much."
Dean's grip on Cas's thighs is tight and unwavering like he's holding onto the handlebars of a rollercoaster. When the feathers look like they're full and thick, Cas relaxes a bit and breaths in deep again. Then he arches his back and both wings spread out full length on either side of him. He didn't make them too big, just about 3 or 4 feet on each side. He shakes them with a final stretch and looks down at Dean.
Cas nods and that gives Dean a bit more confidence. “Ok, I think it’ll be worth it even if it hurts a little. Tell me if you’re ready.” Cas nods again and Dean smiles down at him. “Noo, I wanna hear it.” Cas rushes through his words. “I-I'm ready.” Dean voices his approval. “Good.” He smiles confidently. “I'll go real slow.”
He makes it to the driver's door and has to pause to collect himself. This was not what he was expecting. Not that he's complaining, but who would have thought his Twitter friend Cas would be so drop dead sexy and would flirt like this. They'd always joked around, sex and cars go hand in hand after all, but he'd always thought they stayed pretty deep in the friend zone until now. Faced with a very different possibility, he's now afraid to look inside and see Cas writhing around on the seats, because he doesn't think he could resist touching if he witnessed that again.
The sleek black metal of Dean's 67' Chevy Impala lights up as it passes under a street lamp on the long dark road through Kansas. It had been a particularly difficult hunt, and an even longer drive, for Sam and Dean. Sam notices Dean's eyes drifting closed and his precious car’s trajectory shifting slightly.
Sam doesn't miss the slight blush that spreads across Cas's cheeks, even in the darkness. “He was having a nightmare so I entered his dream to try to calm him down.” Sam raises his eyebrows in surprise but he's grateful to get an acceptable answer this time. “Oh. Wow. Uh...good.”
He walks outside, totally expecting to never see the guy again, only to find him sitting in the driver's seat of an old Lincoln Continental delicately biting into the breakfast sandwich he had put together inside the store. He's eating in his car. Dean still has a chance! He racks his brain for an idea of how he could strike up a conversation without totally spooking the guy. He could just walk up with a ‘fancy meeting you here’ line. But with no incentive to stay, the guy could easily be weirded out by that and take off. He could ask for help with something. But he doesn't actually need help with anything and as soon as the guy figures that out he could again get weirded out and just take off. He could try to offer helping with something. But this guy seems overly capable if helping himself.
Cas gives him a reprimanding look and Dean immediately backtracks, knowing he can't lie to Cas that blatantly. “I mean, I don't always do that. There are just some things you don't do if you're two guys.”
Dean let's out one satisfied laugh. “Good…Now if I can just... figure out how to.... ah, there we go!” He pulls out a purple bottle from under the covers. Cas tilts his head in confusion. Dean smirks and starts to lean up. “I’ve got to get back on top for this next part.” Cas’s eyes glide over Dean’s chest as he gets closer.
Dean reaches up to Cas's shoulder blades and Cas's eyes pop open as a loud moan belts from his lungs. Dean hesitates staring wide-eyed at the unexpected reaction. He then hesitantly pulls his fingertips down, just a bit, over the same area.
Cas places his hand on Dean's, holding it to his chest. “I'll try not to do that too.” Dean’s eyebrows turn up and his mouth breaks into a toothy grin. He drops his gaze and his hands with a quiet chuckle.
Through heavy breaths and little yelps Cas barely gets out a reply. “I-it's e-e-Enochian....” He gasps loudly and yells out Dean's name, reacting to another twist of Dean's wrist. Dean soothes Cas by slowing down. “Good good Cas, it's Enochian. But, what does it mean?”
Cas releases another loud moan and rocks his hips back and forth, practically riding Dean. Dean's eyes flash with amusement. "Looks like I found a good spot huh?" Cas is breathing heavily and holding onto Dean's hips for support. "M-my wings."
Cas's eyes roll back in his head and he pushes his hips forward. Dean's heated exhalation is causing Cas to come unhinged. “Yes, t-teeth is good.” Cas is obviously delirious and doesn't know what he's saying anymore.
Cas leans in to give Dean better access when he reaches the top buttons. He slides the shirt off of Cas's toned shoulders and leaves it in a wrinkled pool around Cas's waist. Dean glides his fingertips down Cas's arms, then to his sides, and down to his hips which instinctually move forward with his touch. He moves his hands back up and Cas closes his eyes with his eyebrows knitted together and his mouth slightly open, obviously enjoying the touch, but not making any sound.
Cas jumps every time tongue meets flesh. “Ohhhh.” Dean wraps his lips around the end of Cas's length and Cas takes in a sharp breath and tenses all his muscles. “J-jackpot!” Dean breaths out a laugh and can't stop his lips curling back bringing his teeth in contact with Cas. He pulls off and lets out a hot breathy chuckle. “You can't make me laugh while I'm doing this or you'll get teeth.”
Cas dips down lower than he means to and has to pause. The sweet burn fades into pleasure as Cas gets used to the pressure. Dean can’t seem to help himself and loses all control. “Castiel!” He reaches up and pulls Cas down by the tops of his wings and they both yell out as Dean is sheathed completely inside him.
Cas looks up through his lashes waiting for the fallout. He isn't sure how Dean is going to react and he’s afraid he just ruined everything. A smile plays on Dean’s lips. “You’re calling me your righteous man?”
Dean chuckles at his angel's sass again before hearing a slight pop coming from his right knee. He's kneeling over Cas still, and his body weight is causing the hardness of the dock to dig into him. He wishes he picked a softer surface to do this on. Whatever ‘this’ is. He pictures a soft mattress with fluffy blankets and pillows and he longs to move this to somewhere like that somehow.
Sam tries to think how to continue. Obviously the Angel isn't getting this. “I just don’t want him to wake up and freak out at the situation and for you to, ya know, take it personally...Dean... he appreciates you, and he needs this but, he doesn’t always know how to show it very well, and, I just don’t want it to hurt your feelings if he acts like an ass. He doesn’t ever mean to hurt your feelings and he doesn’t always realize he’s doing it.”
Cas takes in a sharp breath and his wings start beating, almost taking him off the bed. Dean pauses and looks at Cas like he's about to reprimand him. “Shhh Cas, it’s ok. I told you it would be weird...Just try to relax.” Cas breaths in deep and tries to loosen every muscle he has as he exhales.
Blue Eyes looks calm, almost wistful as he says "You saw what I did."
Dean slides his hands over Cas's ribs then curves them back and down making Cas lift his hips off the bed unintentionally. He pulls Cas's dress pants down using Cas's involuntary movements to make it easier. He pulls them completely off and lets them fall from the side of the bed, making a splashing sound as they slip from the edge of the dock into the water.
Cas can tell Dean is expecting him to get upset at his reaction and maybe fly off and out of his dream. However, surprise flits over Dean's features as Cas offers an apparently unexpected reaction. Cas looks down contemplating Dean's answer, straining to stay calm and collected but hopefully hiding it well. “Hmm.” He lets a small smile play across his lips again. “So it's just me then.” It's more of a statement then a question. “You are more comfortable with me than other beings.” Dean notices Cas’s use of the word ‘beings’ instead of ‘people’ if his smile breaking over his face like the sun is any indication.
Cas's response dies in his tongue and he grins as he wraps his arms tighter around Dean's waste. “We will have to incorporate food into our next sexual encounter together.” Dean beams a bright smile up into the sky. Reveling in everything that is Cas. “Seriously Cas, I definitely hit the jackpot with you.”
Dean can't help but release a whimper as he feels the Ceceilea's hot breath on his neck. "Or I can fill you."
Dean struggles to catch his breath. Blue Eyes is spot on, Dean's dick filled up so fast he's dizzy from it and he's actually flattered by the compliment.
Cas doesn’t hesitate to sit up and align himself again. Dean takes in a sharp breath as his tip brushes against Cas. “Alright, when we do this, we wanna go slow. Remember, It’s supposed to feel good.” Cas gives Dean a reprimanding look. “Dean. I'm an Angel of the Lord. I am not fragile.”
Dean can't help but agree as he says, "Yeah, obviously."
Cas's wings are surrounding him and he clutches for a handful of soft feathers. He yells in his head ‘Pull yourself together Winchester! You don't cry during sex! Man up!’ but his heart is aching with guilty self-doubt that's practically been embedded there for years. He can't hold off the shaking any more and he sniffs, trying to hold back the steady stream of salty tears from running down his face and dripping on Cas. However, it's too late.
Dean retorts quickly. “You think you being an Angel of the Lord makes it better? Doing anything with you is like corrupting the purest thing. Actually, a lot of times that's pretty hot. Like corrupting the pastors daughter but on a whole new holy level.”
The steady sound of their heartbeats and breathing permeate the air, reminding Cas that he's no longer alone here. In the past, he's stood in Dean's room for hours, watching Dean's chest rise up and down and listening to the subtle sounds Dean makes. He seems to have taken them for granted until he had to endure his first night alone in the bunker without them.
Cas whimpers causing Dean to break out into a bright smile again. “Fuck, I love how ready you are.” Dean leans in and explores Cas’s hip with one of his hands causing Cas to start writhing again. “Remember...Stay. With. Me.”
Before Cas can argue and defend the Winchesters choices, Dean digs his fingers in a little deeper as he pets Cas's wing. “These wings, Cas. Damn they're awesome. I wish you could keep them out all the time.”
Cas arches his back again and a sound unlike anything Dean has ever heard rips through him. “DEAN! Don't stop! Ozien Mononusa Ahh! Dean! Ozien Rit! There! Dean! Right there! Ahhh!” Dean can hardly breath as he moves steadily, obediently thrusting up into Cas in the right place. “Is that the spot baby? Right there? Ok. I got you.”
Cas's reverie is interrupted by Dean sounding a bit uneasy. “Well, we should talk about something.” Cas thinks for a moment, tilting his head and squinting into the distance again. “We could talk about why you deny yourself things that make you happy.” Dean scrunches up his face again. “I don't do that.”
While Dean is caught up in fruitless schemes, the Ceceilea finishes his meal and starts his car. Dean might not be very creative, but he's determined as hell. Maybe if he follows the guy to somewhere else other than the grocery store, he could find an easier in. He rushes to his car, throws the few bags he's carrying into the back seat, and tries to will his beautiful engine to be quiet while starting up this time. His classic 67’ Impala isn't exactly the best option for tailing someone unnoticed, but the guy didn't seem any the wiser as he cautiously pulls out of his space.
Cas turns his head slightly towards Dean and their stubbled cheeks brush together. “Would you like to sit down?” Cas’s question is quiet and inviting and Dean lets out another deep, relieved sigh. “Yeah.” Dean sounds even more exasperated as he lets almost his full body weight go against Cas, who is surprised by the sudden decision. Cas lets Dean almost tackle him to the couch.
Cas writhes under him, unsure how to react to the sudden passion after so much tenderness. Dean moves down to Cas's collar bone and smirks as he tosses Cas's loose tie aside. He thanks his past self for keeping it on. He likes the blue contrast against Cas's olive skin and it makes his eye color pop when they burst open.
Dean is smiling serenely as he explains and Cas returns his smile, relieved to see the brave and strong hunter’s features be so soft and open for a change. “I see.” After a moment Dean quarks a half grin at Cas. “So, how did you know I was having a bad dream?”
Cas is very used to the stillness now. With the Winchesters gone from the bunker for so long, he has experienced very little sound. In the last five days he's only heard scraping of boxes along the floor and papers being shuffled as he sorts through the many files the Men of Letters left behind, along with the occasional sound of pen to paper as he records his own knowledge and corrects some inaccuracies from their reports. He notices how much life the Winchesters bring to this underground shelter.
Sam almost laughs out loud and has to stifle the sound. He appreciates how content Cas is right now and how sometimes, the Angel knows exactly what Dean needs and doesn't hesitate to give it to him. No wonder Dean was so set on making it back here tonight.
Cas turns his attention to the lake and stares into the distance. “You stirred in your sleep and called out my name.” Dean rolls his eyes. “Awww man, were you watching me sleep again?” Cas turns back to him, keeping his tone even and light to match the quality of their surroundings. “You don't remember falling asleep on the couch?” Dread slowly seeps into Dean’s face. “Oh, oh yeah. Now I do. Sorry about that...”
He turns off his engine and sits in the quiet, trying to stop himself from the next move he's obviously going to take. He hesitates for a minute, considering the risks over and over, then discounting them with the recurring thought that Blue Eyes is just too interesting and enthralling to watch. He cringes as the creak of his door breaks the silence of the approaching night, and tries to shut it as quietly as he can while he crouches down and sneaks closer. It's quite a long walk down the barely paved street and he tries to stay next to the tree line while the house starts to light up from the inside. He can see details much clearer and he knows he probably shouldn't get so close, but he ends up still hidden by the thick trees but with a perfect view of the living room that opens to the kitchen.
Blue Eyes smiles and nods as he replies, and Dean can't help but swoon again over that little change in facial expression that expresses so much. "That is correct."
Dean looks down, trying to wrap his head around this bombshell of new information. “You knew all along how I really felt and you just… dealt with it, just to respect my privacy? Did you… did you not want to do any of that stuff with me?”
It's too honest, what the hell is he doing? Digging himself a nice forest grave, that's what.
Dean is hesitant to taste it at first, but then he discovers Cas tastes like salted honey. “Please tell me you taste this good in real life Cas.” Cas can barely keep it together. He's almost hyperventilating and struggles to get his words out. “I-I d-don't s-see why I w-wouldn't.”
Cas gasps deeply and lets all the air he breathed in out in an involuntary shout of euphoria. Dean looks up with a slightly worried look. “Are you sure Cas?” Cas isn’t certain how much clearer he can be so he just belts out Dean's name again, commanding and impatient. “DEAN!”
Dean deadpans, "You had him mailed to you?"
Cas rubs his cheek against Dean’s chest. Suddenly, Dean remembers something and he smells Cas's hair. “Ok, time to pay up Cas, what do those other words mean?” Cas smiles but keeps his eyes closed, still enjoying Dean’s gentle touch to his wing. “They don't translate very well.”
Dean only stops swirling his tongue long enough to say each sentence individually. “Cas? *lick* What is that?” He slowly licks around the head of Cas's length again. “Those words you keep saying?” He runs his tongue from base to tip and looks up at Cas, who doesn't seem to know Dean is talking. “Hey Cas, Cas look at me for a second.”
Dean is surprised by Cas's sass and quick wit and he leans back. “Ha! You got me there.” Dean's warm smile melts Cas's hard expression and they end up beaming at each other. Dean clutches the collar of Cas's trench coat. “This is nice Cas.” His gaze drifts down and then back up to meet Cas's eyes again. “I…I don't want to screw this up.”
Cas arches his back up off the bed with every movement. Dean’s playing Cas like a guitar, strumming delicious sounds out of him like he’s composing a symphony. Dean adds another finger and it sounds like Cas has the wind knocked out of him. “Sorry baby, was that too fast?” Cas is almost hysterical as he shakes his head. “Oh, it was good?” Cas nods his head up and down so hard that Dean is grateful there are pillows under him.
Dean sighs, almost obscenely, and some of his tension seems to melt out of his body. “Hey, thanks man. That really helped.” Dean’s voice is cracked and drained and he stumbles a bit. He catches himself on Cas’s shoulder and Cas holds lightly onto his elbow, ready to catch him if he collapses. “You are still exhausted Dean, you need to rest.”
Dean is taken aback again and looks down, unsure how to respond. He has to admit, he brought this on himself. He just didn't expect Cas to grab the bull by the horns, so to speak. After thinking about that for a second he wonders why he expected Cas to do anything else. He's always liked how blunt and somewhat awkward Cas can be. Maybe he knew on some level that if he opened the door, Cas wouldn't hesitate to step through it, taking a lot of the pressure off of himself. Cas is always taking the pressure off. Always there making everything better on all fronts. Maybe, he could give in finally and let himself have the part of Cas he's always closed himself off to. It sounds like Cas is good with it. Maybe they could have this… maybe.
Cas gives Dean another scolding look, which he is now getting very good at doing. “Dean, if I would have thought you would actually do any of those things with me just because I told you I knew you thought about them, I would have done that a very long time ago.” Dean is quiet for a long time while he works through what Cas just said.
Dean stumbles into the bunker, limbs heavy with exhaustion. “Damn that was a rough one.” He’s grumbling incoherently as he walks down the stairs. “I feel like I'm too exhausted even to eat….that’s a first.” He makes it to the bottom step and looks up to see Cas, standing stoic in front of him. He smiles a little at Cas’s trademark squint. He can't help but think that it has been way too long since he’s seen that in person.
Dean just nods dumbly at Cas’s questioning motion to open the door. Dean’s mouth runs away from him before he can stop it and he blurts out, “I'll let you in anything you want.” Dean feels the panic rise in his throat again but Cas just smiles wickedly and, since he's received permission, he slides inside Baby smoothly, leaving Dean to stand there like an idiot trying to work out the insane compliment he just received from the guy who is actually devastatingly handsome in this scenario. He stumbles around to the driver's side, momentarily enthralled by Cas running his hands along the dashboard at the same time he's reaching back to palm the leather of the seat back like he's being humped from behind. It's very distracting.
The Cecaelia's amusement grows as he says, "You almost sound impressed."
Cas brushes Dean's prostate once and Dean nearly bows his body all of the way off the seat. Cas quickly removes his deft fingers and moves closer while basically pulling Dean into his lap. “I think you're ready, you opened for me beautifully. Is this how you want it Dean?” If Dean could speak, he'd be yelling that fuck yes this is how he wants it and get in me already! As it is, he finds himself actually whimpering and nodding again to the point where his head hits on the door behind him. “Very well, in a moment we'll switch positions so you can ride me. Is that acceptable?” It’s not quite a moan that is ripped from Dean's chest, it's much too high pitched for that, but it is definitely louder than a whimper this time. “I'll take that as a yes.” And fuck Cas being so on point, because again he doesn't miss one fucking beat as he slides in slow.
Suddenly an idea sparks in Dean’s mind that he never thought in a million years he would actually say out loud, but after that conversation he's pretty sure they're both in completely new territory. “Hey Cas... do you wanna try something weird?”
Cas tilts his head in mock confusion. “I thought you wanted me to fuck you?” Dean finds himself nodding aggressively before his arms are filled again with that hard muscle and his head fills with that fresh scent that is uniquely Cas. His mind flashes back to their initial meeting, and that affectionate hug, only this, this is about a million times better. Their cocks touch and drag low sounds from each of them and Dean bucks up again as a slick finger circles his hole as Cas lavishes Dean's nipples. “What are you, a fucking magician?” He feels Cas's lips spread into a smile as he bites down on Dean's nipple a bit harder, making him yelp, though he'd never admit he ever made that sound in his life. “Something like that.” And he must be, because Dean is already worked open and he didn't even notice one painful stretch.
Cas's eyes go wide and Dean suddenly finds it difficult to keep eye contact with all the sapphire he's being exposed to. He clears his throat a bit as he looks down to continue. “It's just that you can brush stuff like this off as ‘just something that happened in a dream.’ It's a lot different out there.”
Dean’s tone turns a bit defensive and Cas remembers why he was being careful of his words before. His goal was to calm Dean out of a nightmare, not argue with him. However, Dean's tone is still temperate and he hasn't moved away so their shoulders are still touching. “Yeah but, you’re in a dude. I mean, your vessel is a dude.”
Cas’s hair is a sexy mess and his eyes are fiery storms of blue. His voice has definitely dropped a register, and Dean nods in the affirmative, but doesn't move from his awkward position with one leg up on the seat and his shirt still pushed up, exposing his abs and chest. Cas disappears again and Dean scrambles to follow him. He makes it into the back seat and pulls the door shut behind him. The bright sun and fresh air outside actually clears his head a bit and he wonders if they’re actually doing this, in broad daylight, in Baby's back seat. But as soon as he's back inside and Cas’s hands are back on him, manhandling him into laying down with one leg propped up on the back of the front seat and the other pushed against the back seat, with Cas sliding in between his legs to capture his lips again while he squeezes both his inner thighs over his jeans, Dean forgets about his worries and lets Cas take the reins. He obviously knows what he's doing here.
Cas can feel the smile in his words even though he can't see him. “Y-you ca-“ He tries to say it but can't get the words out. All he can do is moan. Dean seems pleased with Cas's inability to finish a sentence but provokes him to try again. “Say it for me Castiel.”
Dean jumps at the mention of eating. “Yeah, food. I wonder what we have in the kitchen. Probably not enough to make anything really good. We'll probably have to go to that Paul's diner place to get a real meal.”
Dean feels the minute movement and grins. "Yeah, this is going to be fun." Cas starts to stutter. "Dean, I...I don't th-" Dean cuts him off as he nuzzles up against him. "Hmm I want to touch every feather Cas. Please?"
He watches, mesmerized, and finds himself quietly following the guy around the store while he finishes up getting what looks like breakfast. Kinda odd he would come here just for a meal, especially this early in the morning but it actually looks like a pretty good spread, and maybe lunch too. Dean hasn't really gotten himself anything and he can't exactly talk to the guy empty handed. It's gotta feel organic and unplanned and Dean has no idea how he's going to pull that off without looking like a total creep. He grabs a loaf of bread off a shelf by him and moves to the next isle quietly while the Ceceilea drifts through the store perusing the bottled drinks and no doubt looking for the last ingredient to his breakfast.
Sam turns back to the kitchen with a smile, remembering his goal of a fruit bowl to take back to bed as a late night snack since they skipped dinner. At the last minute he stops, struck with the urge to say one last thing. “Hey Cas.”
Dean isn't quite sure how to take that, so he takes this opportunity to shift and pull onto the street to start their drive that he's not quite sure he'll survive. It goes well for the first little bit. Cas is looking around the entire interior, marveling at how pristine Dean keeps her. “I'm very glad you're here Dean. This is an excellent surprise. Why didn't you enter her into the show though, since you knew you were coming?” Dean settles in his seat more comfortably as he slows for a red light. “Well, I've entered her into shows before and it's actually pretty high maintenance. You don't really get to experience the actual show when you're working it. And I was hoping you'd want to go with me, so there was no way was gonna tie myself to Baby the whole time Though fair warning, when we pull up to the parking lot a lot of people assume she's here for it, and she kinda draws a crowd of people eager to start the show before they even get inside. Sometimes it takes a while to appease the masses before we can get in there.”
Dean turns more toward Cas, trying not to smile at Cas's willingness to always support him. If Dean asked him to, he'd probably fly anywhere in the world to get him whatever he wanted to eat. He shakes himself from those thoughts, knowing there's probably more to the story here about he and Sam's conversation. “Did he say anything else?”
Dean looks up, surprised at Cas’s instant reaction. “Just yes? You don't even know what it is yet.” Cas thinks for a moment as he looks down taking on a more serious tone. “True, but you seem enthusiastic and that is encouraging.”
This is love, in its purest form. This is a love that legends are made of. A love that is talked about for centuries. The guy literally went to hell and back for him, sacrificed everything for him, turned his back on the only family he's ever known for him.
Dean starts to pick up the pace again and Cas's mouth falls open with the change. Dean watches as Cas's breathing spikes and his fingers tighten around Dean’s hips. Then Dean sees his opportunity, Cas isn't expecting it, he's lost in their motions and his eyes are squeezed shut.
Just those words spring Cas into doubling his efforts. He draws Dean in with his mouth so they’re pressed closer but they're still keeping up that grinding pace, and Cas’s hands start to massage Dean's thighs and the lower part of his ass while his fingertips brush his entrance and perineum from both sides, barely touching Cas's own cock that's gliding in and out of Dean perfectly.
He leans back to allow Cas to move over him to order for them and tries not to think about how good Cas still smells or how easy it would be to reach out and touch. “Two apple pie slushes please.” Cas smirks excitedly again, but this time it's right up close in Dean's face and he almost forgets he's about to get an apple pie treat and also that Cas remembered how much he loves pie, because Cas’s expression is a treat in its own right. Cas leans back again all smug and happy and Dean forgets again that he's driving and he needs to move. Cas’s laugh that could really be described as a giggle if it weren't so low, makes Dean's embarrassment worth it. Turns out, these apple pie slushes not only have homemade apple cider slush mixed with apple vanilla ice cream, but they top it with whip cream and then sprinkle crushed graham crackers all over the top of that. It's basically liquid apple pie and the sound Dean makes when he tastes it definitely makes him blush, but Cas doesn't seem to mind one bit.
Usually Sam feels comfortable sleeping while Dean gets them back to the bunker safely, but this time, he can’t justify closing his eyes for even a minute. Fairly often he has to nudge Dean awake when noticing they are straying out of their lane. Sam watches Dean with concern. He knows Dean wants to get back to their new home, which is safely warded, and contains a certain angel who Dean has been almost obsessively calling since they left on this hunt without him.
It wasn’t every day that Lucifer was sent to work on a case with Daniel, but on this particular Tuesday, Chloe had to take the small human to the dentist and so he was stuck with Daniel until she was done. The case was supposed to be simple. A Jay Doe had been found disoriented and naked in a park and they were sent to the hospital to interview her and figure out why. Turns out that it was a little more complicated than that. The moment he walked into the hospital, something familiar sparked to life in his chest and he knew that this was no ordinary case.
Both Dean and Sam started to laugh as the video continued after Sam muted it. This time the video shifted to a clip of Lucifer Morningstar at a crime scene, the tiny figure of Cas standing by his side, while Gabriel sat on a park bench looking bored in the background. Dean knew that there was going to be mischief the instant he saw Gabriel catch sight of the person filming him and his siblings. His eyes lit up and a smirk overtook his expression. His hand lifted and Dean rolled his eyes as the archangel snapped his fingers before giving a little wave. A split second later everyone on the video jumped as the camera swung around to where a fire hydrant had popped behind the camera person. By the time the camera swung back around Gabriel was gone and Lucifer looked about one second away from popping a blood vessel. Cas just looked bored.
Nodding he watched as she retreated and stood. “I’ll think about it.”
“You must be Castiel.” Ella tried to interject as much warmth and cheeriness into her voice as she could, given that her head was now full of new info on Lucifer’s familia. “That's Chloe. I’m Ella, she/her. I work with your brother. So, just curious, and you can totally tell me to shove it if you want, but what are your pronouns?”
“Okay.” He was silent for a moment longer. “I think I’d like to try the movie night thing.” Gabriel turned his golden eyes up to look at his brother. “Will Cas be there?”
Space Oddity - David Bowie
It was another thing for Dean to regret. Looking back at everything, he realized that he had asked of the Archangel something that he himself would never do. Standing up to family is one thing but asking him to kill his own brother had been too far. For even though Gabriel may have been a vengeful trickster and archangel of Judgement, he still had a heart as big as Cas’. Bigger even. Seeing the fear and sorrow in the archangel’s eyes had brought it crashing down on Dean that he had done far more for them than Dean had realized.
Sam couldn’t help the tiny flair of jealousy that streaked through him at her words. It was illogical and he didn’t know why he had even felt it. Gabriel wasn’t his anything… maybe a friend, but Sam wasn’t sure he could quite quantify what they were. He had a feeling that Gabriel had deeper feelings than Sam himself did. Jack knew the Archangel flirted with him incessantly. But seeing him being kind to a child left an odd warm feeling in his chest after the irrational flair of jealousy fled. “So, who’re your parents?”
“Bit Back to the Future.”
Sinking to his knees, Lucifer reached out and carefully gathered his brother into his arms. With something like that in his past it was no wonder that he was wrathful. “And you shouldn’t.” Feeling his brother start to shake with building sobs, he tightened his arms carefully, running shaking fingers through his brother’s hair.
“Thank you.” Cas moved away from the closet, but not before grabbing a solid blue tie that was very similar to the one that they had originally worn when they had first met Dean. “I am doing fine. Perhaps not as well as Sami would like, but, what I did was my choice and so was… this.” Waving a hand at the room, Cas sat heavily on the bed. “I will not deny that I miss my home. That I miss Dean and the rest of my family, but I am at peace with it. I am grieving.”
~*~*~
Side-eying her, he smirked before replying with a sneer. “I’m fun sized.”
The girl’s cheer drew the attention of the other four adults, resulting in an indulgent smile from Lucifer and confusion from the other three.
Lucifer shared a look with Amenadiel at the unexpected softening of their brother’s voice when he addressed Sam Winchester. It didn’t take long after Winchester had backed them away from the staircase before the smaller archangel had hauled the taller human away leaving them to handle the other man who was just watching them walk away with a smile on his face. Dean Winchester looked every inch the red blooded American male that the media had portrayed his fictional counterpart as. Although somehow in the short moments that he had been distracted with watching Gabriel, Castiel had wormed their way under the hunter’s arm and had glued themself to his side.
“Gabriel didn’t like them much either. He left the first time that realm’s Michael and Lucifer fought, choosing to reside amoung the pagan gods and humans. He was a trickster and was very fond of meting out, as Sam and Dean called it, ‘Just Deserts’. He did stop doing that for the most part after meeting them. Especially once they figured out who and what he really was.”
“And that is a perfectly normal response to the situation you find yourself in.” She tilted her head to the side as she seemed to be thinking of something else. “Now Lucifer did mention something that I find interesting and I would like to hear your take on it. He mentioned that you were kidnapped as a child… a fledgling. Is that something you would like to talk about?”
Hallelujah - FVR DRMS
Songs from the
Wonder - Naomi Pilgrim
Nodding Ella took the box and placed it on the counter next to her, before patting the place that Chloe had been sitting prior. “Hop up and tell me all about yourself.”
“He was God in the other realm. As far as I knew, he was my father and the other angels that he created were my brothers.” Sighing, Cas shook their head and placed the tie that they had been crushing in their fingers around their neck. It gave them something to do for a moment as they gathered their thoughts. Once their collar was flat and the tie band settled under it, Cas spoke again. “To borrow a phrase from my brother, they were all great big bags of dicks.”
Just as he was about to plug in his headphones and restart the episode that showed that damn repeating Tuesday, Sam let out a happy sounding noise of surprise from across the library where he was sitting with his own laptop. Looking over at his brother, he could see that the younger man was grinning. “You got something Sammy?”
“It’s a bit shorter than I’m used to as well.”
“I hope I did.” Sam looked down and started to fiddle with the buttons on his shirt. After sighing a few times, he looked up again and smiled softly. “We should probably get dressed up or something.”
As he had spoken, Lucifer watched as his younger brother’s face had slowly slid from suspicion to confusion and finally settled on a sort of horrified sorrow. His sunshine and whiskey eyes widened started to fill with tears and he went from clutching their sibling to being held up by them. Amenadiel had even reached out a hand and had laid it on Gabriel’s left shoulder just as Castiel started to support him from the right. Once he finished speaking Lucifer reached out and carefully placed a hand on his trembling brother’s cheek. In an instant his brother had buried his face in Lucifer’s chest and wrapped his arms around him. Laying his cheek on Gabriel’s head, he wrapped his own arms around the younger archangel, letting soft cooing sounds fall from his throat and a deep thrumming rumble from his chest as he comforted his now crying younger brother.
for this chapter:
Dean was frustrated. They had been in their new world for nearly a week and were no closer to finding Cas then they were the day that they had arrived. All they knew was that Cas and this GeGe person were in LA. He had missed most of the conversation that Sam had had with Jack and Elohim, but that was the gist. Cas needed help and was in LA. Fat lot of good that info was. LA was huge and halfway across the country.
“It means that He likes you.” Gabriel sighed as he took another drink from the bottle, wishing that he hadn’t thrown his glass. Oh well if wishes were fishes and all that. “From what I can tell, he just gave you a bit of extra longevity. Probably because you gave him a grandkid.”
Coyotes - Wild Belle
Absinthe green eyes widened, and wings settled as recognition flared to life on his sibling’s face. “Brother-sister-light Sami?” At his nod of confirmation, the rest of their body relaxed, and they let out a long sigh. “Where are we?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Call Me Devil - Friends in Tokyo
“Asmodeus?” The name was familiar, but he didn’t think that it was anyone he particularly cared about. Lucifer tried to think of who it was, but he hesitated when he realized that his little brother was just staring blankly at his own reflection in the new mirror that had replaced the one he broken behind the bar. Gabriel’s sucker was handing loosely from his fingers as he just kept taking in shaky breaths. “Gabriel?”
You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet - Bachman Turner Overdrive
I'm a Wanted Man - Royal Deluxe
“Where is he?”
Nodding, Dean ran a hand over his mouth and sighed. “Fine, we’ll give him the benefit of the doubt for now. But I’m making no promises. I will gank his ass if he hurts Cas or Gabriel.”
Ella felt bad now. The episode with Kali was the first one where Gabriel died, like really died. They hadn’t meant to bring him back later, but then they retconned it and did. But if what happened to that fake Gabriel in the show was what had actually happened to the real Gabriel that was in the living room, then… “Soy una idiota. I totes accidentally made Lucifer watch an episode where his baby bro like got sheesh kabobbed.”
Looking over their shoulder produced another confused sound from his sibling, so Lucifer, held up a hand before moving behind Casi. Running gentle fingers down his sibling’s spine in-between their raven black wings, he sought out the little spot that he had always used to help Rae-Rae when she had trouble winching hers in as a fledgling. He knew he had found it when Casi’s shoulders pulled back and their wings disappeared from sight.
“Well, there you go.” Dean’s grin was bright as he tossed back the rest of his drink. “Looks like Sammy and me will be in LA for a while.”
Sam gingerly took the whiskey glass as he sat carefully next to the archangel, very sweetly making sure that none of Gabriel’s feathers ended up getting crushed under his ever so impressive long legs. “So, this is what you actually look like?”
“Ooo, apple or cherry?”
~*~*~
“Cas.” The name slipped out of his mouth without his permission. A soft prayer and plea for his best friend to hear. The angel’s head jerked away from where they had been watching their brothers to look straight up to where Dean and Sam were standing in the shadows on the upper level of the club.
California - Bahari
“Who are you?”
Lucifer learns a few hard truths about his little brother's past as he and Gabriel have a heart to heart.
“I am an angel and I have many, many brothers.”
I meant to post this yesterday, but the roadwork crew down the street took out the fiber optic cables for my neighborhood's internet with a backhoe. Fortunately they got fixed. The Internet company was not happy with them, but I hope you are with this chapter. And next weeks installment will be the beginning of the long awaited reunion.
Dean was about to agree with Sam when he realized what his brother had said. “You knew?” He caught his brother’s eye and noticed that the younger man was now looking sheepish. “You knew that Gabriel was alive. How long have you known Sam?”
If there was one thing Gabriel couldn’t stand, it was silence. Silence gave him time to think and if he started to think then he would start to fall apart all over again. He hated feeling like this. Like he was going to shake apart at the slightest provocation. It was a feeling that he had never had before. Well, he liked to tell himself that, but he knew that the feeling had been there after Asmodeus. It had been his hatred for the ones that had landed him with that bastard that had kept him together until nearly the end. They had taken care of the ass-butts, as Casi would call them, but then everything with Lucy…
Tightening his grip on his glass, he nearly broke it, but stopped and relaxed his hand when he heard the glass start to crack. “As I said, not feeling it right now.”
“She already did that.” Both of his hands clenched into fists as he stalked off of his brother’s elevator into the penthouse that he now shared with Lucifer and Castiel and sometimes Detective Chloe, though she had stayed away for the last couple of weeks so that Lucifer’s siblings could get settled in and they hadn’t even gotten to meet her the one time they went with him to a crime scene. Gabriel let out a huff of annoyance as he released his fists only to bury his hands in his hair. After tugging harshly at the golden-brown strands a few times, he threw his arms wide and turned back to his older brother. “No one was going to do anything for her.”
The younger Winchester ran a hand though his hair as he laughed. “Sure. I could go for a drink, but I don’t think we’re up to ‘chilling’ yet.”
Cas can tell Dean has drifted to sleep already and he is content to stay in this exact position until Dean is ready to wake up. He’s not sure how comfortable this position could be for Dean but he is hesitant to move him, afraid of disturbing the slumber the hunter desperately needs.
Again, it's not a question, but Dean nods anyway. Blue Eyes looks pleased with that response but doesn't answer. The silence and tension builds until Dean can't take it anymore and he blurts out the only thing he can think of, "How?"
Dean intends to inch his way back up but his eyes sink down to Cas's cock. It's standing at attention and aching to be touched. His mind goes blank for a second before it's flooded with thoughts of the delicious sounds and movements he could pull from Cas if he put his mouth there.
When Lucifer spoke, the smooth cultured British voice that emerged actually startled Dean. “Well, that would depend on if you are who you appear to be.”
Lucifer hummed as he lowered his hands, keeping them in sight dropped by his sides. Going back to English, he replied, “Right now we are in the Emergency department of one of the local hospitals in LA, but I am guessing that you want to know what universe this is. According to some, this is Earth 666, but according to Dad, this is the universe that you are originally from before the Schism, before our Aunt and Uncle stole you and 143 other fledglings.”
Feeling a blush creep up his cheeks, Sam cleared his throat and looked away from the archangel’s knowing eyes when Trixie started to giggle. He didn’t know what to do with the soft feelings that kept creeping up on him when he was around the shorter man. He had never felt this way for another male and it was a bit off putting, but at the same time… Once upon a time Jess had mentioned that even though she identified as straight, she had had an exception. It wasn’t because of their body that she had loved the other girl, it had been because of her heart and who she was a person. One night when they were curled together in bed Jess had in a quiet voice told him that if she were ever gone that someday even he might find someone who could be his exception. He had laughed, but she had gone on to say that if anything happened to her, he could move on with her blessing. He had said the same but hadn’t believed then that he would ever lose her. Now though… now he was starting to think that maybe he had found his exception, just like Jess had said.
“Grace?”
He didn’t even notice it when Sam came out of the bathroom, or even when his brother left to get food. Dean was sleeping deeply and wasn’t awake to see Sam look to the ceiling before he himself prayed to the one angel that he missed almost as much as Cas.
It hurt to hear his brother talk like that. It actually hurt to hear. When Lucifer spoke again, it was hushed and pained sounding. “But you still shouldn’t have done it.”
Rolling his eyes, he carefully put down his drink before turning to look at her again. “Used to be. Not currently feeling it.” Dismissing her, he turned away again. Just as he was taking another drink, she spoke again.
Seeing that the young woman was returning, Cas motioned that he would continue once they were alone. Taking their coat, they thanked her as they put their coat on. Motioning for Dean to follow, Cas led him farther down the hall to an unmarked door. Pulling him through and then down the stairs that were revealed. Surprisingly Dean held his silence until they had emerged together into the basement garage and even then when he spoke, it was just a quiet murmur of appreciation for the skill with which the valet had parked Baby next to Chloe’s Charger and Sami’s Corvette. He didn’t even speak when Cas handed him the keys that they had retrieved from the keypad locked cabinet where the valets kept all of the keys of the cars they parked.
Head Full of Doubt/Road Full of Promise - The Avett Brothers
~*~*~
Carry On Wayward Son (cover) - NEONI
“Dean Winchester. I’d shake your hand, but I got Cas and whiskey, so my hands are full.”
~*~*~
A soft smile was his response before he sighed again. Opening his eyes, he blinked a few times before looking up at Casi. “Love me anyways.”
“Nope.”
Just as he was about to break down and actually give in to the urge to pray to his angel, the passenger door opened and broke him from his thoughts. Sam slipped into the car and dangled a keycard in front of his face. “Fancy.”
“So, that happened.” Winchester smirked before laughing lightly. Looking down at the clinging angel his expression softened. “Hey Cas. You… you’re looking good.”
“I don’t think, I know that there is.” Turning his head slightly, Elohim smiled again as Jack appeared in the chair next to Him. “Would you like to explain your idea Nephew?”
“Oh, I assure you Meni, Dean is a very good fighter.” Casi met Lucifer’s gaze and their smirk softened into a smile. “I can honestly say that he has stood up to, many an angel and helped me smite many a demon in the other realm. He holds an angel blade of his own and has been killed and risen more than any other human in history.” Casi ignored the muttered ‘thanks to Gabriel’ that their partner uttered. “He is the Righteous Man. Heaven itself couldn’t stand up to him.”
Ella laughed for a moment before she realized that Chloe wasn’t laughing too. The detective was just watching her passively not saying a word. “No shit. You have got to be joking. He is far too young to have it be like that. And archangels…” She scoffed in disbelief, like Lucifer yeah sure, she’d figured him out but other archangels too… just no. Too much.
~*~*~
It’s probably why one of the few concessions to their brother asking if they wanted to redecorate, was a small framed art print of a black 67 Impala and an emerald green throw with a demon trap embroidered on it. It would seem that the Supernatural books were actually a popular TV series here, so merchandise for the show was readily available and no one thought it odd to get a throw blanket ordered with a custom demon’s trap on it. Cas had also been able to get a copy of their old tan trench coat and suit when they were shopping for clothing. Though Sami had insisted on filling both Cas’ and Gabriel’s closets until they were quite full.
“Obviously.” She rolled her eyes and chugged more of her vodka bottle. “Just doesn’t seem like you are much fun right now.”
“Gabriel.” Sam’s voice was reverent as he breathed out the archangel’s name.
“Well Sammy it looks like we’re going on a road trip.”
Cas nodded as he smiled again. “I’d like that.”
given him insight though. Even though it had hurt to watch it, he had watched as much of it as he could over the last week at night or whenever Sam was sleeping, skipping over some things that he didn't want to revisit yet.
Gabriel watched Doctor Martin until she disappeared into the elevator before turning his attention to the card that was now in his hand. Shrugging, he pocketed it and found himself putting the whiskey bottle down. Maybe he would call her, but for now maybe he would talk to Cas. Looking towards the hallway where their rooms were, he saw his baby brother standing watching him with his usual calm expression. Feeling a small smile pull at his lips, he saw Cas’ shoulders relax and a smile made its appearance on his younger sibling’s face. Maybe he should lay off the booze a bit and spend more time with Cas if it made the younger angel smile like that.
It had been brought home to him, when he had noticed one tiny thing, a moment that he doubted that anyone had really noticed, of Gabriel giving a longing look at Sam that first time that they had met. And every single time Gabriel was there after that, he turned to Sam. Like Sam was the damn sun or something. He was always looking to Sam for approval or reassurance. It was the same look that he had seen so many times afterwards when he himself was watching Cas.
“As long as Detective Chloe and Danny Boy both agree to it.”
“Really Gabriel was it absolutely necessary to change out all of those officers’ uniforms for plumber uniforms.” Lucifer was just about at his wits end with his younger brother. The other archangel seemed to find nothing but mischief when he got bored. He didn’t know what to do with him. It was better than when he had been crying all of the time, like he had been the first week after he and Cas had arrived back in their home dimension. He had hoped that the upcoming charity function would at least provide some sort of distraction for Gabriel, but it seems that it wasn’t enough.
“Detectives Chloe Decker and Dan Espinosa. Mom’s picking me up today.”
I promise that the next chapter will be lighter, though there will be more emotionally charged chapters later, and I want to assure you all that I am doing my best to treat Gabriel and Castiel right. They are precious and deserve everything.
Turning the key, Dean restarted Baby and drove them around to the other side of the building, pulling into a space near the room Sam pointed out. He didn’t speak again until he had parked and turned the car off again. “I could use a nap.”
Multiverse theory, Ella got that. Actually, her ghost friend Rae-Rae had totally said the same thing back in like 2012 when she had popped in and Ella had been binge watching it on DVD. She hadn’t really believed it though. “My friend Rae-Rae totes said that. She said that that sort of thing was a thing, but not for like everything, just some stuff.”
“Doctor Linda Martin is my family’s therapist, and she is also the mother of my nephew Charlie.” Cas shrugged, falling silent as Dean turned into a hotel parking lot. He did not speak again until the door to Dean and Sam’s room was closed behind them and they had once more turned to face the other. "I know you said that Jack and Father brought you across, but Dean, why are you here?"
Just as Chloe was about to respond there was a happy squeal from her side as Ella made herself known. “Oh my God you’re really Dean Winchester!”
Miracles - Jefferson Starships
Two days after the benefit, Lucifer had not only installed the hunters into his Malibu beach house but had found a time to introduce Sam and Dean to his favorite gym for sparing practice. Sam ended up actually being very impressed by it and that it was just as big as Lucifer had described. It had turned out that the warehouse size gym was primarily used for one of the larger gymnastic schools in LA and Lucifer had a deal with the owners that he got to use it with his siblings and guests on the days that it was closed and there were no gymnastic classes or meets.
The Devil You Know - X Ambassadors
“Charlie.” She pulled out her phone and showed him her lock screen which had a picture of a sleeping infant on it being held by big bro Amenadiel. “I’d be more than happy to introduce you to him sometime if you’d like.”
Dean smirked as he nodded. “I can see that. What do you think?”
for this chapter:
The video cut to the trio as they exited a high end store. The honey bronze skinned person in the front was tiny and wore a familiar exasperated expression on their face as they turned to make a comment over their shoulder at the two men following. The reporter started to speak again just as Gabriel started to laugh, the other man following just a second later. “
Green eyes snuck a quick look over at him, before drifting back to watch the road. The hunter shrugged. “It’s a good look. Bit smaller than I’m used to you being.”
“Elohim told me the day we came here. You missed that part of the conversation, I think. I wasn’t sure if I should tell you.” Shrugging, Sam closed his laptop and stood. “Does it really matter? From what I could see in that video he looks happier. He doesn’t have to worry about anything from our old realm anymore. He’s free, without his family’s drama, just like he wanted to be. Plus, Cas is with him. And you know how much he cares about Cas. He’s not going to let anything happen to him.”
Lucifer briefly glanced at Daniel, before quietly suggesting that the human head to get more information from the receptionist.
It’s been a month since then and Jack hadn’t returned to talk more about it. Dean hadn’t gotten any better either. Oh, he tried to act like nothing had happened, but Sam could see that it wasn’t. Dean wasn’t sleeping well and when he thought Sam wasn’t looking, he just stared off into the distance with a melancholy that Sam knew he couldn’t fix. Today though, Dean just seemed more quiet than usual and there was nothing going on that Sam could use to distract his older brother.
“Yeah. I missed you Gabriel.”
One of the things that did end up surprising the younger Winchester though was the outfits that the angels were planning to spar in. Amenadiel was dressed in a dark gray sleeveless tunic that fell to his knees with loose pants underneath and matching cloth vambraces. Cas was dressed similarly, but he was in a dark blue tunic with a long-sleeved white under shirt and no vambraces, while Gabriel was dressed in pure white with the hems edged in gold and brown vambraces. Lucifer’s tunic on the other hand, fell asymmetrically across the front hemline and was a dark silver with a black collar, while his vambraces were burgundy. None of the angels wore shoes.
“Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God.” Ella just shook as stood wide eyed in the kitchen of Lucifer’s penthouse. “He looks just like the guy from Supernatural!”
Chloe stopped chopping lettuce and turned to look at Ella with a serious look on her face. “You felt that way because he was projecting. That was Lucifer’s younger brother, the archangel Gabriel. And from what I understand he had it pretty rough before he was found.” She sighed as she placed the knife she had been holding on the chopping board and crossed her arms. “Plus, he doesn’t look like the guy from Supernatural, because it’s the other way around. The guy from Supernatural actually looks like him.”
When he had asked about how Lucifer had gotten access like that, the archangel had been more than happy to explain. Lucifer had originally met the owner when the man was in the market to upgrade his facilities and had needed a loan. The archangel had agreed to give him the loan and that had been that. It had all been paid back in a timely manner and the two had remained friendly acquaintances. However, after a couple of years the gymnasium owner had noticed that there was a cash flow problem, not wanting to get in trouble with the government and not being able to afford an external audit at the time, he had called Lucifer for advice. Lucifer had agreed to loan the man his accountant to find and solve the problem in exchange for unfettered access on the days the gym wasn’t being used. The owner had agreed and in the end one of his junior business partners had been found out to be misappropriating funds and funneling the money into his own accounts and doctoring the books. Lucifer had quite happily turned the man over to LAPD and that had been that. Lucifer now had all the gym time he wanted, and the gym was flourishing now that the embezzling partner was gone.
Gabriel pulled out a bright red sucker as he nodded. “Cain, huh. That asshole deserved whatever was given to him.” The younger angel tapped his sucker against his teeth a few times as he thought about it before waving it at his brother. “I think it was Dean-o who got rid of him in the other realm. Asmodeus liked to brag and bitch about shit like that.”
“It’s real.” She shook her head. “Or at least that’s the best that I can get it. There are astrophysics and theology involved that I don’t get, but that’s the best explanation that I can give. The story leaked through to our universe somehow and that’s why it’s a TV show here. So, I guess that everything that happened in the show actually happened. Just in a different universe.”
~*~*~
It was almost a physical shock when the song ended, and he realized that Cas was now looking up at him. Catching his eyes, Dean grinned, whisper praying his angel’s name again just to see him react. It was just like any other time he had startled the angel. Cas’ head tipped to the side as his eyes narrowed and his lips parted ever so slightly, before those bright eyes of his widened as understanding dawned. It was like the sun coming out from behind a cloud. Cas lit up with joy.
“I don’t mind.” Lacing their fingers together, Cas sighed. “Dean. Naomi, the Seraph in charge at the time, wanted me to kill Dean. She had me taken and brainwashed so that I would kill him. I almost did. But there was something she didn’t expect.”
“Sure.” Jack smiled with the familiar smirk that He had learned from Cas and directed it at Sam after He had nodded to His Uncle. “What Uncle and I would like to do is take you and Dean to His realm. We think that if they can see you again then it might help.”
“Cas looks different.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We’ll miss you kid.”
A dark haired Asian girl in dark red robes appeared behind Elohim and gave Sam a little wave. “You called Dad?”
“Chuck?”
Cas rolled their eyes as they pulled Dean to a stop in the entry hall near the alcove where the hallway to the bathrooms and coat room were. “Sami is not Biff, Dean. After Gabriel and I were stolen, Michael set Sami up. Mother helped him hide what he was doing, so that Father wouldn’t know. She blamed Him for the loss of us and our other siblings. He blamed Her for some of it and well…” Cas shrugged as he pulled Dean closer into the wall, so that several patrons could get through the hall. “It is what it is.” Once the hall was empty again, Cas shrugged again, hiding his wings away.
Staying silent for a moment, thinking on it, Cas started to nod. “After everything that Gabriel has gone through in the last decade, I think that it would do him good to talk to someone who doesn’t know. Sam tried to help, but Gabriel was not ready to talk about any of it. I don’t know if he is now, but maybe you could try.”
Biting the inside of his cheek, he just barely held off the urge to smite her. “Not interested.” Oh, the urge to smite was strong, but he knew that if he destroyed or tried to destroy his brother’s demon, then he’d probably never hear the end of it. He was grateful that Sami had taken him and Cas in, he was, but it hurt. It hurt in ways he didn’t know that he could hurt. To find out that a big chunk of what he had believed to have been his life was a lie, hurt. It didn’t change anything. Lucy had still tried to kill him, and that alternate Michael actually had. Dad, what he wouldn’t give for Samsquatch or Dean-o to be here. Or hell, he’d even take his nephew.
“You knew the difference.”
Cas. He could see him if he felt like opening Netflix and watching Supernatural or searching for pictures on the internet. But it wasn’t really Cas, it was that weird dude named Misha. That damn show
Carry On My Wayward Son - Kansas
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nodded as he let out a chuckle. He liked the sound of that. “Sounds like paradise. No demons. No vampires. No ghosts. No things that go bump in the night. Just a few angels running around LA. I really like the sound of that.”
“Want me to go check in?”
The scene they found when they reached the ambulance entrance was a confused mix of paramedics, nurses, and security. Daniel had somehow ended up right in the middle of the fray with both of his hands held up and away from his body as he squared off with a shorter golden brown haired male who looked, in Lucifer’s opinion, rather worse for wear. To make the rest of the bystanders more nervous was that he was holding a rather wicked looking silver blade in a defensive stance, even as he swayed on his feet next to an overturned gurney.
Cas pulled back and gave their brother an arched eyebrow as a response. “I’m not giving you your blade back.”
There paused on the screen was a tabloid news site’s video of Gabriel looking up to the sky with a grin on his face, his arms up with both of his hands buried in his hair, a taller black haired man standing next to him caught in the act of laughing while a smaller black haired person standing in front of both was turned halfway looking over their shoulder at the two men. What really caught Dean’s attention though was the shortest person’s very familiar tan trench coat and blue tie.
“Yup.” Resting her head on Gabriel’s shoulder, the girl let out a happy sounding sigh as she turned her attention back to Sam. “I’m Trixie Espinosa. I stay with Lucifer sometimes after school when my mom and dad are working.” She patted the Archangel’s chest. “That’s how I met GeGe and Cas.”
"Cas... what you said..." He shifted his weight from one foot to the other before settling again. "Before the Empty took you... I..." Cas watched as he swallowed hard as his gaze fell until he was looking down at Cas' feather charm necklace, his hands noticeably shaking. "You said that you couldn't have what you wanted." Dean took a step back and then forward again until he was so close that Cas’ nose was almost touching his chest, forcing the angel to tip his head back as far as he could so that he could still see Dean’s face. "You didn't ask."
One of the hardest things that Sam had ever had to do was pick up his brother after Cas had disappeared into the Empty. It was hard enough the last time when the angel had died, but this time it was looking like the separation was going to be permanent. Jack had done a great deal to fix the world up after what Chuck had done, returning everyone that had vanished and all. But when Sam had asked about Cas, Jack had just smiled sadly and told him that the angel could never return to their Earth without there being dire consequences. The new deity had expressed his regret that he couldn’t offer more, but had told Sam not to worry too much, that his Uncle would take good care of Cas. He would have asked more about this mysterious Uncle of Jack’s, but the young god had tipped his head to the side, told him that he’d tell him later, and vanished.
You Can Do Magic - America
“Totes.”
Songs from the
“Look, if it doesn’t work, we can just ask to talk to Lucifer Morningstar.” He shrugged as he grabbed his boots and set about to put them back on. “He’s supposed to be their brother, right? So, I’m sure they probably told him all about us.”
Sam has a conversation with God.
A soft tap at the door, drew Cas’ attention away from the clothes that they were contemplating. “Come in.”
The Unforgiven Piano Cover - Niels Piano
Dean was tired. The drive from the bunker in Kansas to somewhere close to Lux in LA was long. He was definitely feeling it. Dean could tell that he was getting older and all of the injuries that he had received over the years were starting to catch up with him. At least all of the ones that hadn’t been healed with Grace that is. Yawning, he pulled into a hotel parking lot and turned off Baby.
Ella laughed before she laid a hand on Castiel’s arm, charmed by how adorable they looked when confused. If she hadn’t loved Cas before, she certainly did now. “Not everything. Just a few things. I’ll start. I have four brothers and I used to boost cars.”
Sam could feel himself start to grimace at the reminder of those stupid books that Chuck had written when he had been playing Prophet. It wasn’t helping that in this world, they were a TV show, like in that one reality that Balthazar had sent them to. “Yeah.”
“I am a Trickster. It’s what I do.”
A watery sounding chuckle was his reply, at least until Gabriel had pulled away and sat up. “It reminds me of my Sammich.” His whiskey eyes were earnest as he continued. “I miss him. Maybe not as much as Cas misses Dean-o, but I do miss the kiddo. I have had a bond with him ever since we first met. I never stuck around long enough for it to become the profound sort, like what Cas and Dean have, but it’s there. He’s my human.” He bowed his head and sighed heavily. “I think that I was too harsh on him when we first knew each other. I was trying to teach him a lesson and he learned it. But there was probably a gentler way to teach it.” He sighed again as he stumbled to his feet, only looking at Lucifer again when he too had risen to stand. “I don’t know why he ended up being so kind to me after that. I sure as hell didn’t deserve his kindness.”
Letting out a little laugh, Cas shook his head. “No. This isn’t a vessel. Turns out Father gave us corporeal bodies in this realm and this is what I looked like originally. Before.”
“Well, if he was that kind to you, then it would seem that he thought otherwise.”
With a pout, that he was sure she no doubt thought of as enticing, she leaned forward to show off her rather notable cleavage. “Maybe I can help with that.”
~*~*~
Almost as one, they exited the car and once the trunk was open, they grabbed their go bags. This world might be safer, but they weren’t going to take any chances. Once inside the room, they salted the windows and doors and laid out a few hex bags and penciled a few sigils in out of the way places. Once they were done, Sam claimed the bathroom to shower and Dean collapsed onto the bed that he had claimed as his own, only taking his boots off before climbing under the covers.
“It was.” Gabriel shrugged as he rolled his eyes. “Did you hear what they were doing to that new girl? Just because she’s trans it does not give them the right to sling shit about her. Or to haze her the way that they were. It’s not right.”
Way Down We Go - Kaleo
Elohim laid a hand on Jack’s shoulder before meeting Sam’s gaze Himself. “What We need is nothing more than you and Dean to be willing to go to My realm to help My children. Your work here is basically done. Jack tells Me that there is little to nothing holding you here.” He shrugged as he amended that statement. “Well Dean more so than you, but you… you could go either way. This world would keep on turning if you were in it or not. Your time isn’t for a long time yet, but Dean’s is limited.”
“And their dad is like God, right?”
“Yeah, I learned that I have a weakness for Sam’s pretty eyes.”
Sam’s head jerked up when he heard the unexpectedly deep voice that answered him. Sitting directly across the table from him in the chair that Cas used to sit in was a large black man who wore a soft smile. He was dressed in a tan t-shirt, sand colored cardigan, and blue jeans. There was an air of serenity and gentle affection emanating from Him and it immediately seemed to settle the wretched feeling that had been slowly building up in his chest ever since they lost Cas.
But for now, he reached forward and placed his glass down, not bothering to finish his drink before he turned back to Sam. “Cas is and isn’t. I personally am male. Always have been. It’s what I chose to make my vessel be, when I first understood that there was a difference when the concept was created. You know, back in the days of Adam and Eve and Lilith. It’s what felt right. I’ve never felt any different. I love all beings equally because gender is a construct, and I don’t care what you are. People are more than what’s in their shorts. Most of the angels in Chucky Land were neither. It’s part of what makes me and Casi different from them. I imagine that the rest of our siblings who were originally from this realm, were probably the same way. It was something that marked us as different. Unfortunately, between the wars that Michael and Lucy started, that bitch Naomi, Metadouche, and Zachariah, they are dead. Dad said that he was lucky he was able to pull me and Cas out. But that is beside the point. The point is that Casi is both sexes and yet not really any of the genders. I don’t know if he knows yet what he is from a labeling standpoint. I am used to calling Cas male pronouns. Cas hasn’t corrected me. Sami uses neutral pronouns for Casi. Cas hasn’t corrected him. The only pronouns I have heard Cas object to since getting here are female ones.”
The husky voice that came from the kitchen door startled Ella so badly that she almost fell off of the counter. Looking at the person standing in the doorway, Ella was surprised to see that they were probably about the same height as Linda when she wasn’t wearing her heels. Their darker skin showed off just how brilliant their green eyes were, and their long dark brown hair was pulled back into a messy ponytail. For Ella it was the suit and tie that gave away the person’s identity because damn if she wasn’t a Cas fan.
Look At You - Screaming Trees
Songs from the
Sam and Gabriel have a chat.
~*~*~
“So, is this a new vessel?”
Smiling softly, he looked up until he could look Sam in those gloriously green eyes of his. “Hey kiddo. Miss me?”
“Well, that’s one way to do it, I suppose.”
Sanctuary - Welshly Arms
Today though, the only equipment that the angels were planning to use were Gabriel’s archangel blade and Cas, Dean, and Sam’s regular angel blades and the regular gymnastics equipment that might get in the way, had been put aside against the walls if it could be moved without disrupting the room. When Gabriel had asked what had happened to his own blade, Lucifer had blushed and stuttered something about his Mother and blatantly changed the subject. As for Amenadiel, he had just shrugged and stated that he had never needed one, though he was not opposed to borrowing one from one of his younger siblings. Sam had handed his over to the eldest angel, since he himself had no desire to do any sparring.
CW: mentions of hazing, PTSD
They were greeted by the receptionist at the front desk of the Emergency department and after Daniel flashed his badge, they were directed to one of the rooms. By the time they stopped outside of Jay Doe’s room, he could feel that their ‘Jay Doe’ was most likely one of his siblings.
“Well, aren’t you just a bucket of fun.”
Sitting up, he turned to face her ignoring the demon that sat back down on the stool to his right. Studying her, he could see that she had been touched by his Father’s Grace at some point and had the almost ageless quality of many of his Father’s favorite prophets. Or rather Chuck’s. He didn’t know about the Dad he had just re-met, if He had that particular quirk in common with His Brother. “A human as the family therapist. Not quite what I’d expect, but you’ve obviously been touched by Grace at some point, so I guess that works.”
Sam watched as Dean’s thoughts turned inwards. He knew what the final answer was. Dean had already agreed, but it would be nice to have the place that had become their home go with them too. “Well I don’t know about Dean, but I wouldn’t mind taking a copy of this place with us. Dean will probably want the original of his car though.”
“They’re cool.” Raising her dark eyes from her phone to him, she pinned him with a sharply critical stare. “What’s your name?”
“I’m Mazikeen.”
“This is our oldest brother Amenadiel. He used to be Dad’s number one enforcer. He’s retired now but can still keep it up in a fight.”
So, then… real angels besides Lucifer and Amenadiel, and God had siblings… new info to integrate. “Is that why Lucifer was so upset the one time I was able to get him to watch a few eps with me?”
Both of Daniel’s hands came up and froze in the air in front of his shoulders as his jaw fell in shock. “Wait… wait… you, you… you mean to tell me that there is an angel in there?”
“Sure thing Dad.” Azrael ran both of her hands down the front of her robes and cleared her throat, before she started. “Well anyways, it’s like this, so in the realm Dad and me are from, we kinda already know your fate, because well, you know, your life is a TV show in our realm. But since I’m the Angel of Death, big ‘a’, big ‘d’, I kinda know when things like that are tied to real people and Supernatural has always pinged me big time as being real. My BFF Ella likes to think that it might be too, but she doesn’t know for sure. I mean I told her it was, but you know she likes science, so she’s still a little bit of a skeptic.” When Elohim cleared his throat, she blushed. “So anyways, I can kinda feel that unless something drastic happens, Dean-o is totes gonna die soon. And no, like, takesy backsies this time.”
Cas meets Doctor Linda
~*~*~
“What the hell was that?” Dean sounded shaken as he leaned against the table.
“Well yeah.” He shrugged as he took another sip, deliberately flexing his wings just to see Sammykins reaction. As he had thought the other man was fascinated. His bright green eyes tracked every movement of the long fight feathers that were closest to his leg. “This body has always been mine, I made it. Cas on the other hand was borrowing one. The body that Cas is using now is theirs. It’s why he looks different. The body that he was in before wasn’t his true body. This one is and someday they might shift it to look like that other one, but right now Cas is a five foot nothing person who looks like they are from India.”
“Charming and debonair.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Chuckling He leaned back in Cas’ chair and let one hand fall to rest on His leg. “You can call me Elohim. As for why I am here…” He paused for a moment as His smile became bittersweet. “Once long ago, My Brother and Sister stole 144 of My children. Castiel and Gabriel amoung them. It wasn’t until Gabriel was dying that I found him. Castiel I found after the Empty took them. Jack and I were able to convince her to spit them out, but on the caveat that they never return to any of Chuck’s realms. So, I brought forth both of My previously lost children into one of My realms. A place where your story is just that, a story. They are both safe and healing with their brothers Amenadiel and Samael. But they have both suffered. They are both heart sick.”
Lucifer smiled softy, glad to see that his brother was showing concern for their other sibling. Putting on a falsely cheerful tone, he put aside his unease for his brother to be addressed in the morning during his session with Linda. “Of course, they will be. I sent them out with Amenadiel hours ago to fetch desert and a few more things for Casi’s room. I can’t have one of my favorite siblings living in a nearly bare room. Though I do have to wonder at your taste though… rustic chic?”
Pulling a face, she shrugged. “If it’s not fixed, Casi is going to be without their special person. Eternity is kinda a long time to not have your bonded. I mean I just gotta wait another forty or fifty years for Ella, no biggy… but Casi and GeGe…” She looked at her Father briefly and shrugged again. “GeGe would probably be okay because his bond with you was never able to get that strong, but Casi is so tied to Dean-o that for them to be separated permanently would be torture. Casi need Dean and if Dean dies here, then he’ll be in Heaven here and here is where Casi can’t be.”
“That makes two of us, but we’ve got to be careful Dean. This isn’t like the world we came from. It’s…” Sam hesitated as he tried to come up with the right word. “It’s kinder. I think that Elohim kept things here from getting the way they did in Chuck’s versions of reality.”
“I hate this.” Placing his elbows on the table in the Bunker’s library, he rested his head in his hands. “God, it feels like I’m losing him. Every day, it’s like I’m watching more and more of Dean just slip away. He needs Cas. Jack, I don’t know what to do.”
Cas nodded their agreement. “It is. It was my love for Dean that saved him and allowed me to come here and find out the truth. It was our Father’s love for us that saved Gabriel after an alternate Michael killed him. It was Gabriel’s love for humanity that led to him sacrificing himself to save Sam and Dean. It’s Sami’s love for the both of us that lead to him asking you to help us and to him taking us in. And I think that it’s love that will help Gabriel heal. I don’t know how, but I have to believe that it will.”
Winchester didn’t look in the least perturbed by Casi’s sudden appearance, instead he was sipping at the drink that Lucifer’s sibling had handed him with a smile on his face. His free hand was rubbing up and down Casi’s back below the younger angel’s wings as they clung to him like a limpet. Casi was obviously not minding since they were just smiling up at Lucifer and Amenadiel with a slightly sinister smile.
~*~*~
Dean’s eyes widened at the mention of his angel before he started to nod. “Yeah. Yeah. We’ll go.” He looked to Jack who nodded His smile starting to return to His face. “What about this place?”
Nodding Sam looked up from his laptop to catch Dean’s eyes. “I found them.” He pointed at his screen and was practically bouncing in his seat as he did. “You’ve got to see this.”
Unsteady - The X Ambassadors
“Well then what are you interested in?”
“There we go.” He stepped back around his sibling and turned to face them with a smile. “Better?”
Oya Como Va - Santana
“Welcome to My Uncle’s realm.” Jack stood and waved a hand a pair of laptops and phones appearing on the table. “Take a few days to get used to things before heading to LA. If you need help, pray to Azrael. She’ll come. Uncle is allowing her to help you as needed. I need to head back, I’ve still got a lot of work to do revamping Heaven in our realm.” He walked around the table and hugged Dean before he hugged Sam, who had stood as he was moving. “I’ll come visit when I can.”
A soft smile answered him as the divine being slowly unlaced His joined fingers so that He could place His palms flat on the table. “I am Jack’s Great-Uncle. The one you know as Chuck is My Brother, though I am given to understand that he is human now.”
When he turned to look at Dean the short archangel smirked and waggled his eyebrows. It was fairly obvious that he had derailed the conversation on purpose, probably for his own amusement as was standard for the trickster. “Heya Dean-o. Long time, no see.”
Just as the tears started to slip from his eyes, Sam heard Dean’s familiar footsteps coming into the library. Letting out a sob, he buried his face in both of his hands. Within a breath, Dean’s hands were on his shoulders and he was trying to get Sam’s attention.
Standing at the foot of the hospital bed was a short, slim figured, androgynous bodied, scrub and scowl wearing, apparently Indian person, who looked about ten seconds away from smiting the next person to talk to them. Their vivid green eyes were ablaze with fury and their arms were crossed firmly against their chest, blue-black wings puffed up and quivering behind them.
“Broward County.”
The only indication that Gabriel had heard Sam was a brief look of confusion that crossed his face before he shrugged and continued singing. When the song was done, he bowed his head and looked around the club, his eyes obviously, to Dean anyways, searching. Only his search was interrupted by his older brother who had massive white wings tucked against his own back. The only thing that made both of their very real wings not stand out too much was that many of the patrons were dressed up and also cosplaying while wearing fake wings.
Songs from the
~*~*~
“I’d like that. If you can arrange it.”
“And?”
Elohim grinned at the same time Jack smirked. There was a flash of light that left spots in Sam’s eyes and the sound of a deep chuckle. When his vision cleared, he couldn’t see anything different other than Elohim being gone.
“Damn right I’m not.” Came the slightly muffled reply from where Casi had reburied their head in Dean’s side.
Casi reached out a hand and laid their palm gently on the man’s face. A soft glow seeped from under their hand and sank into the man’s skin, his sunshine and whiskey eyes lighting up with a pale blue inner light for just a moment before his eyes slid closed. He sighed as he relaxed back into Amenadiel’s arms. “What am I going to do with you Gabriel?”
“Gabriel.”
“Probably.” She shrugged. “I suppose it depends on which episodes it was.”
for this chapter:
Lucifer couldn’t help it when his own smile surfaced on his face. “I do believe that we were in the process of introductions.”
Gabriel shook his head. It was a good guess, but… “That’s not it.” He shrugged. “You are Dad touched.”
Songs from the
It was a mutually beneficial arrangement and one that Lucifer had made sure that the owner did not regret. If he or his siblings accidentally broke anything, the items were immediately replaced with better versions according to what the gym’s students needed. Old equipment was even given into Lucifer’s hands and the archangel made sure that whatever was given was promptly disposed of afterwards through either donation or recycling.
Leaning down, Dean murmured quietly into Cas’ ear, his husky voice both familiar and beloved. “You okay Cas?”
“I hope so, it’s all about the adventures of Dean-o and Sammich and how they saved the world.” Gabriel chimed in, startling them both. When the girl squeaked and jumped up, the Archangel enfolded the girl in his arms. “Heya short stuff.” Pulling away, Sam watched as a soft smile lit up the other man’s golden eyes. It was with a touch of surprise that he realized that this was the first time he had seen Gabriel interacting with a child other than Jack. “Is your mom picking you up from here later?”
“Thank you.”
Dean’s silence was starting to make Cas nervous, when he didn’t speak for the first few minutes after they had pulled out of Lux’s garage. It was just as he was starting to get up the courage to speak himself, that Dean spoke again.
Well this chapter was fighting with me... Sam can be a stubborn one. I hope you enjoyed.
Dean nodded as he stood. “Jack, you promise that going to this other place or realm or whatever, will help Cas.”
The softly spoken words startled Lucifer and drew his attention back to his brother. The younger archangel was now calmer, not happier, just calmer. “It was.”
Currently Cas was trying to coax Dean out of his boots, scolding him about how the mats were not designed for shoes while his siblings start to stretch out. Sam was sitting off to the side out of the way on one of the padded benches that lined one of the walls. They were where he could watch, but not get hit accidentally. Sitting just a little way down the bench from him was a dark-haired preteen who was bundled up in an oversized jacket. He wasn’t sure who she was, but she had to have come with one of the others to have gotten to the gym.
He scrutinizes Dean and leans in as he says, "You followed me here. Why?"
Cas rolls his body again and holds on tight to Dean. It's overwhelming them both and suddenly Dean pushes up into Cas and at the same time he caresses his wings on both sides causing Cas to belt out a beautiful moan.
Dean's brain must not be firing on all cylinders because he doesn't feel any fear or concern for his life when he replies, "You only kill bad guys?"
With Cas now on top of him, he slides his legs together and pulls Cas's legs apart by the back of his knees. Cas is now mounting him and he bucks up making Cas have to stabilize himself by putting his hands firmly on Dean's chest.
At first he appreciates the images and moaning echoes that rush through, but then he feels panic rise up in his chest. Everything was so easy to do up until now. Well, not everything, but it's as if it was perfectly normal for him to be pleasuring a half naked dude with wings. But this. This is different.
Cas melts into the bed unable to respond. He just looks at Dean like he's the best thing that ever happened to him. Dean revels in that look. “Oh Angel, you're in trouble. You're already giving me that look and you haven't even come yet.”
Dean’s voice is broken and ragged. “Cas?” He looks around helplessly appearing grief-stricken and he collapses to his knees. “No...” He sounds crushed and the sadness in his eyes makes Cas’s chest hurt. An overwhelming feeling Cas can't identify almost crushes him with its blow and he can’t take any more of it. His voice is loud and stern as he attempts to grab Dean's attention. “Dean.”
Cas looks slightly pleased at that answer before he probes further. “What about another angel inhabiting this vessel?” Dean is shocked at the question again. He can't help the frustration bubbling up at even the thought. “Whoa! Don’t even say that! Fuck man, I don’t want to think about another angel wearing you around! Damn it, haven’t we had enough of that?!”
Dean feels Cas clench around him and can't help but let out his own ecstasy-filled yell of approval. He pounds into Cas relentlessly, feeling every sound it punches out of him deep in his chest, and it's the single most gratifying moment he's ever experienced. Until Cas yells his name.
Dean brushes his cheek to Cas's forehead. “Go figure, the two most emotionally stunted beings in the universe find each other and that happens.” Dean motions his hand to their naked bodies and huffs out a laugh. “How long do you think we can stay here before I have to wake up? I don't even know how long I've been asleep.”
Dean notices he’s making the same face now. “Well good.” Dean actually means to have a more sarcastic tone to his response, but it just comes out playful. Cas is happy, and that's a win in any of Dean's books. “Well, if it’s just a dream, and I’m so damn comfortable with you, would ya mind moving over here so I can lay down? My back is starting to lock up.”
Dean shakes his head slowly. Suddenly Blue Eyes turns predatory and he's on Dean in a millisecond, wrapping up and caressing Dean's entire body with his tentacles. He leans in close and whispers, "And it has nothing to do with your exceptionally sized erection?"
Sam throws up his shoulders in mock-surrender, his prominent grin evident on his face. “Alright. That’s probably a good idea. I'm gonna hit the hay myself. We can unpack tomorrow.” Sam let’s Dean’s bag drop to the ground, not expecting the loud sound it makes. He finches and curls in on himself, anticipating Dean to wake up and maybe point a gun at him.
Dean leans back and lifts Cas off the bed penetrating him as deep as possible. Dean grabs onto Cas’s hips and can almost control Cas’s movements with how he touches him there. “Don't think you are getting away with not telling me what those new words mean.” Dean thrusts up in the same motion hitting Cas’s prostate over and over. Cas is a babbling mess above him and is acting from pure instinct now.
Before Dean can argue, or get the guy's number, or anything, he's gone. And damn, Cecealia are fast. There's no way he'll be able to catch up now. He must've spooked him or something because his basket full of artificial crab meat and duct tape of all things, lays abandoned on the linoleum floor. And this ain't exactly Cinderella here. He can't go around trying to match his Cecealia with a roll of gorilla tape and some canned seafood. Not that Prince Charming should've needed a damn slipper to recognize the supposed love of his life after being with her for hours, but he doesn't have time to pick apart sexist storylines at the moment. He's still got shopping to do.
Cas’s wings are shaking and flap uncontrollably when Cas breaks out into moans and rambles off broken words. He’s barely making sense anymore and he’s letting Dean control his body’s movement by his hips like a steering wheel.
His plan is to be standing in front of Baby to present her to Cas when he walks up, but Cas apparently has other ideas, because before he can round the front of Baby and reach for his phone, he sees a man hurrying down Cas’s walkway right towards him. He expects Cas to go for Baby first, since he's seen plenty of car porn of her and now gets to see her in person. He opens his palm towards her and opens his mouth to start singing her praises when his arms unexpectedly fill with hard muscle wrapping around him, and dark soft hair brushing his cheek. Cas is hugging him.
Even though it's more of a statement than a question, Dean still feels compelled to shake his head. He wants to deny ever seeing anything, but something is holding him back. Blue Eyes lets a small smile play on his lips as he says "You're a terrible liar."
Dean can't help but marvel at seven people who escaped justice every other way, but fell to this beautiful being. Even through the awe he's experiencing, his thoughts are stuck on something else Blue Eyes had said, "Wait, you think I'm turning you in?"
He's left there, on his back in the woods, trying to catch his breath. As soon as his wobbly legs are stable again, he books it to his baby. She's still parked sufficiently away and his legs burn from the effort by the time he gets there. The entire drive home he wills himself to resist the urge to jerk off, knowing he won't be able to help going to town the second he gets home. He hears his phone ding with a few messages as he drives out of the non-service area Castiel's hidden home is tucked into. He sees all the messages are from Sam, asking where he is. He waits for a stop light and types out a quick message. He says he went out for a late lunch because he has no food in his house and he lost track of time, but he just plugged his phone back in to charge. He adds that he still needs to go grocery shopping, but he'll put it off until tomorrow, so they should get pizza for dinner later.  He receives a quick reply saying Sam's glad he's ok and Dean should be ashamed of how much food he can put away in a day. He laughs as he types out one word ‘Bitch’ and puts his phone down at the green light. He hears an answering ding, knowing the word ‘Jerk' is his brother's only reply, and thinks to himself what delights await him when he inevitably runs into Castiel again the next day, and hopefully many more days after that.
Sam almost rolls his eyes at the amount of obvious statements Cas just made instead of giving him an actual answer to his question. He still looks confusedly at the Angel. “Oh. Yeah. I just thought you were asleep too, I got worried. You haven’t slept since you were human.”
Dean settles in and coaxes Cas again to respond. “Ok Cas, concentrate for me buddy. What were those words you were saying?” Cas whimpers and closes his eyes again. Dean is pleased with that reaction but he's determined to get a straight answer out of him. “Cas, talk to me man. I wanna know what they mean. If you want any more you'll tell me what those words mean.”
Cas nods slowly as a few tears spill over his cheeks and Dean’s chest could literally burst right now knowing somehow he did it, somehow he got enough words out to show Cas how much he means to him. He smiles contentedly and Cas buries his face in Dean’s shoulder as they start to quicken their pace.
Cas looks down and can see Dean’s panicked expression. He lays back and gives Dean a serene look. His vessel feels softer now, like the tension and relaxation involved in Dean's hands and mouth on his skin and on his feathers has melted him into something less solid. He doesn't remember ever being happier. If Dean would just keep doing this forever, he'd never let them leave this dream. He lets out a contented sigh and settles into the pillows, letting his wings spread out. He realizes Dean is still struggling with deciding what to do next. It doesn't matter what Dean does now as long as they're touching. “Dean, you don't have to do anything you're not comfortable with. Your actions so far have almost been too much for me already.”
Dean leans back, stretching out and moving slightly more towards Cas. “Yeah, amazingly there’s no urgent crisis going on right now to pull us away from it.” Dean tries to get more comfortable again and unconsciously leans closer to Cas until their shoulders are touching.
The weight of Dean's body against him is indescribable. It usually requires a life and death situation to even warrant a hug from Dean, let alone the amount of contact he is receiving right now. There it is, his name being whispered, worry layered in Sam’s tone. “Your brother is asking for me.” Dean looks around. “What? Sam’s not here.”
Dean pulls out his phone to see if he can get in somehow, that would definitely be a nice ice breaker. He pulls up the event center page only to be met with ‘Sold Out' next to every ticket. Maybe Lawrence Kansas wasn't as bad as he thought if something like this can sell out, but that leaves Dean without any options that don't come right out of a sitcom. His stomach growls again, and he looks around to find what seems like a pretty nice bar and grill across the street. He's ashamed to say his thoughts immediately take him to the fact that he can clearly see the parking lot from the bar windows, and if he requests a window seat, then he could watch the parking lot for when Blue Eyes leaves. He could then continue what the denial in his head considers his pursuit for the perfect place to ‘coincidentally' bump into him.
Dean follows at what he feels is a pretty safe space and it's not long before they end up at the local University. Dean tries to think of any reason for him to be on campus. Really, he has no interest in the school. Sammy is the smart one and he went to Stanford, before he decided he didn't need as long of a degree for the field he wanted, and moved back home to Kansas. Dean has no reason to be here. He stays a safe distance as he watches the old but sturdy car that he's been following turn into the faculty parking lot. He's a teacher. Dean's struck with flash of student-teacher fantasies involving rulers, glasses, and a not so innocent bout for extra credit.
Just as they started down the hall and into the club proper, the music changed from some pop beat song to something the was pure country. Looking over the banister down onto the club floor they were able to catch a look at the band that was now playing and the very familiar man who had started
I hope you enjoyed the reunion from Lucifer's POV and please do look forward to next week when Dean and Cas will have some time to themselves to talk.
Lucifer felt a swell of pride in how his younger sibling was standing up for their bonded. It was nice to see that they were happy. He had set up this whole charity night to help both of his recovering younger siblings and he was glad that it actually was helping. Spotting Chloe across the room, he waved her over. “Well, I know this absolutely lovely private gym that has appropriately high ceilings and an excessively large sparring area that you are both welcome to join me at some time soon. For now,” he took Chloe’s hand when she joined them, “This is Detective Chloe Decker. She is my partner at the LAPD and I absolutely adore her.”
“Was that your girlfriend?”
“So you’re saying that Lucifer is innocent?”
Just as his brother was settling down and nearly asleep as far as Lucifer could tell, there was a ding from the elevator. Glancing over his shoulder, he was a bit surprised to see Chloe and Ella exiting while carrying grocery bags. Catching Chloe’s eye, he made a motion with his head to the body in his arms and hoped that she caught his meaning that her and Ella needed to be quiet. Thankfully, she did seem to understand, and he saw her shush Ella. After they had both placed their burdens down on the bar, the two women came closer to see what was going on. When she saw his sleepy brother, Chloe smiled softly and crouched by his side to run gentle fingers over Gabriel’s cheek.
She arched an eyebrow at him. “Got a problem with it?”
Dean was silent as one song on the radio faded into another and then another, his brows creased as they always were when he thought deeply. “Doctor Linda?”
Looking up he met the deity’s dark brown eyes and shrugged. He could feel that his brows were drawn together in confusion and tried to relax, but he had a feeling that it just made him look more lost. “So, I’m guessing that there is something that you think Dean and I can do about it.”
Back in the Saddle - Aerosmith
Gabriel pressed his lips together and shook his head again. “Nope.” Rubbing a hand over his face, he turned his head away to stare at the whiskey bottle again. “No problem here.” He sipped at his drink this time ignoring the disgusted look that took over her face.
Dean has discovered Netflix and that their new world isn't so disconnected from Chuck's books as he thought.
The smirk was back on Dean’s face. “Nice to meet you man. Well now I’m no slouch in the fighting department, so if you ever want to give it a go, I’m always up for a friendly fight.”
Songs from the
He couldn’t resist, he tried, but he couldn’t resist the snark that came out. “And who the hell do you think we are, cause, I know who you are Secret Agent Man.” He pointed first to Lucifer and then to his brother. “But not you.”
He watched as Gabriel took that in with his eyebrows drawn together, his whiskey eyes dark. Lucifer could just about see how his little brother was taking that particular restriction in and integrating it into what he knew. After a moment his face cleared, and his eyes lit up. “So, screwing with them is still okay?”
Amenadiel’s eyeroll was accompanied by the sigh that Lucifer had known his comment would induce. He did so love to make jokes like that at his brother’s expense. He made it far too easy sometimes.
Elohim paused again, so Sam took the chance to catch his breath and run his hands through his hair. This was good. Cas was safe and Gabriel was alive, but… There was always something and with as familiar as he was with gods, Sam was figuring that there was going to be a catch, something that he and Dean would have to do. Why else would a God come to him with this information. Heart sick. His mind went back to those words as Elohim just sat patiently as he thought things though. The images that popped into his head at those words were how lost Gabriel’s whiskey eyes had looked after Asmodeus and how often Cas looked sad whenever Dean was looking away or criticizing him.
The club’s lights were catching and reflecting off the golden feathers that were randomly shot through the archangel’s large vivid blue wings that were tucked up against his back as he swayed in tune to the song that he and his human partner were singing. Gabriel was smiling as he rolled his shoulders while he strummed the guitar he held, his wings matching the movements perfectly. He was dressed well in black slacks, a half buttoned white dress shirt, and a fully unbuttoned black vest.
Lucifer couldn’t deny that. It wasn’t right, but still… “There are procedures for that. A complaint process through HR.”
Cas and Dean finally get a chance to talk.
Casi tipped their head to the side looking at him with narrowed eyes, before looking down at their feet. “I have no shoes.”
Calling Me - Stacey
Simple Man - Lynyrd Skynyrd
“Normally I believe the answer would be to say, ‘just be there for him’ but I don’t think that would necessarily work in this case.”
“So, you took it upon yourself to do it?” Lucifer knew that his tone was probably harsher than it needed to be, but he really needed to know where this behavior was coming from. He could understand it if he had done something, he was the Devil after all, but for Gabriel to do it… “They are human.”
“Doctor Linda Martin.” Moving closer, she sat on the barstool to his left. “You could say that I am your family’s therapist.”
Dean rubbed both hands over his face as he stared off into the middle distance. He wanted to pray so badly, but he didn’t know if he could stand it if Cas didn’t answer. They had spent so much time flirting over the years, just toeing the line between friendship and more and now that he had a true chance to change that, he was scared. He had been scared for years. Cas was an angel and Dean had never really known if the other man felt the same sort of emotions as a human would have. He certainly hadn’t at the beginning. But then that last day… Cas had blown that assumption right out of the water. He had proven to Dean that he did actually feel just as deeply as Dean himself did. The shock of what was happening had kept him from doing anything more than pleading that Cas not do what he was doing. But by doing what he did, by saving their son, Cas saved the world.
She hummed at his answer, staring at him as he drank his whiskey. “Thought you’d be taller.”
“Really?” Dean paused just as they reached the top of the stairs leading to the main doors.
“Sam Winchester.”
Dean laughed as he shrugged and rolled his eyes. “I have a feeling that I’m going to get that a lot. But yes I am.”
Her smile turned sympathetic as she leaned forward to rest a hand on his arm. “I’m here to listen if you ever want to talk about them.”
The words were bitter as they fell from her lips and he knew it, but he couldn’t help the flash of anger that he felt at them. “No, I don’t. None of us do. We have Grace.” With a high pitched whine, he flung his whiskey glass at the mirror behind his brother’s bar feeling the tears that he had tried so hard to hold back, start to fall down his cheeks again. As some if the shattered pieces of mirror fell, he saw Mazikeen take a step back from him. He didn’t even want to know what she had seen in his face in the moment that he had thrown the glass to make her react that way. Rubbing his hands over his face, he slouched down until his forehead was nearly touching the bar. “You’d think I wouldn’t cry so much at my age.”
“Hey kiddo. Miss me?”
Some lines spoken by Gabriel are from the SPN episode 13x20
“Damn right. I’m not going anywhere without Baby.” Looking down at Sam, Dean nodded. “Let’s do this thing. Tell me what we need to do, and we’ll get it done.”
The girl gave him a sideways look and let out a huff as she rolled her eyes. “No. I just didn’t have school today. Are you one of Lucifer’s friends, cause you don’t look like you are?”
Baffled the two siblings looked at each other in confusion, before Casi bolted and Lucifer had to run to keep up with their hurried dash through the halls.
A skeptical look was Sam’s reply.
Gabriel sighed as he realized that he was going to have to explain his own sibling’s biological sex to Sam. Not part of how he had ever thought any sort of reunion with Sammykins would go. He had personally wanted there to be far more sweets, maybe some chocolate sauce, definitely some whip cream, and much less clothing. He wanted to explain the bond that they had inadvertently created between themselves the first time that they had touched in that stupid collage stairwell a decade ago. It had been just a brush of fingers against bare skin, but it had been enough that his Grace had latched on to the beautifully innocent young man’s soul.
for this chapter"
“Who are you?”
“Yeah, okay.” Daniel nodded as he slowly backed away. “I’ll, ah… I’ll just leave you to… ah… talk to your sibling.”
“Castiel. I need Casi.” The brunette finally seemed to lose his strength as his knees gave out, his blade falling with a clatter to the floor. He would have fallen to the floor himself if he had not been caught by the timely appearance and intervention of Amenadiel. “Please. Casi…”
Looking up at him, Cas slowly released Dean’s sleeve and slid their hand into his lacing their fingers together. “Is this alright?”
The video ended there with an advertisement for a Supernatural themed charity night at a nightclub called Lux being hosted by the Morningstar siblings, Castiel’s Angels, and a couple of other groups that Dean didn’t know. The date of the party was for the upcoming Saturday, which would give them just enough time to get to LA to crash the party.
“It’s why I’m here. My Uncle is worried about Cas, that’s why He’s here and why We are both asking for your help.”
Sam felt lightheaded as he felt the blood drain from his face. Covering his mouth with a hand he tried desperately to keep the building panic he could feel in his chest from bubbling over and coming out. “And Cas?”
bad. The humans were allowed to do shit like that because they had a hands-off policy with them, but Dad had never let Lucifer and his siblings do things like that and Lucifer had certainly never allowed the Lilim to do things like that. It was unconscionable.
Rubbing a hand over her face, Chloe moved away from the prep area and hopped up to sit next to Ella on the counter that she was occupying. The detective seemed tired and like she didn’t really want to be the one to talk to Ella about Lucifer’s brother. “Lucifer should be the one explaining this, but I guess I get to since he needs to take care of his brother.” She paused as she thought. It was her serious ‘I’m totally the boss’ face. “Well, I know that you are a fan of the show Supernatural.”
Sam found himself nodding, as he came to realize that the man sitting across from him was definitely something out of his comfort zone. He had dealt with gods and demons, angels and just about everything Chuck could throw at them, but this being was something else. “Yeah, he… uh, yeah he is.” Taking a shaky breath, Sam sat up in his chair unsure what this particular god wanted with him. “Wha… uh… what am I supposed to call you?”
“At least you have a soul.”
Leon Bridges - River
Trixie’s dark eyes widened, as a look of awe started to bloom on her face. “Really?”
Cas tugged on Gabriel’s sleeve, drawing his gaze back to themself. “He’s our older brother Sami. From before.”
Led Zeppelin - The Rain Song
~*~*~
With an obviously fake offended look, Gabriel took a step backwards and placed a hand on his chest. “After everything I’ve done for you and Dean-o.” When Cas only rolled their eyes and tipped their head to the side, he laughed. “Well it was worth a shot.” Pulling Cas into his side, he scanned the slowly dispersing crowd, his eyes coming to rest on the taller brunette that stood behind his brother. “And you…” his head tipped to the side in the same manner that Cas’ had. “You look familiar. Have we met?”
A fissure of unease shivered up his spine at the gently spoken question. Feeling the blood drain from his face, he turned back to his bottle of Jameson grabbing it and taking a swig. It was just an innocent question from an innocent mortal therapist who had no idea of what had happened to him. There was no way she could know, unless those Chuck damned books had ended up in this realm too. The last decade of his very long existence was not pretty and he didn’t… he really didn’t want to share it.
“Would you like me to talk to him as well?” She waved her hand at the door. “Lucifer has already asked me to, but I would like your opinion as well.”
Lifting the box that they were holding Castiel held it out for Ella. “Amenadiel and I picked up pie.”
~*~*~
Castiel tipped their head to the size and stared at Ella much the same way the character on the show had often stared at people that confused him. “He or they.”
