Steve thinks Tony is asleep so he kicks off his shoes and throws his jacket onto the couch, before sneaking in slowly to his room.
At the end of their conversation, Steve just tapped James on the back, a friendly gesture. Then, the other man asked Steve who's here with him to which he pointed at Tony.
"Steven, please, please, just answer me. Just look at me and tell me if you're banging someone else or not. Please, Steve, just tell me."
"Natasha, lis-"
He gets over to the stairs as Rhodey disappears into the kitchen.
Oh God... Oh God, what have I done?
When you guys had Peter, he was on top of the fucking moon and he promised that he would never ever drink again because he's got a family now. He's got responsibility to deal with."
Tony landed his palms down on Steve's chest, gently pinning him and smashed their lips together. Tony kissed Steve ferally, neck twisting to devour Steve from ever angle before licking inside the warm hollow of Steve's mouth. Tony swallowed each and every one of Steve's moans, his hands roaming all over the soldier's beautiful body, feeling the chiseled expanse of his frame, the crests and troughs of his beautiful muscles. Feeling his mouth water, Tony kissed down Steve's throat, nuzzling his van dyke in those sensitive spots Steve loved, earning a gruff hum or throaty chuckle from him.
Or he would hold Tony's hand so tightly whenever they were out, because Steve was always uncomfortable with the press as they made him so nervous.
He glances at his finger and looks at the shimmering platinum band poised on his finger, a remainder of his vows, his fidelity. He admonishes it with a huff and yanks it off his finger, tearing some skin in the process which elicits a hiss from his lips, as he jerks his hand to soothe the burn.
No change.
"Captain?"
Tony responded to Steve's claim with equal fervour, licking into the roof of his mouth and claiming Steve just as much as he was claiming him, his hand gripping Steve's hair and another playing with Steve's chest or gripping his massive shoulder, as he flicked and squeezed the nub or ran a finger over the areola of his luscious pink nipple, that seemed to draw out loud, shaky moans from the soldier as they shifted against one another, still maintaining contact of skin.
He spat into Tony's hole and fingered the pucker with his thumb, teasingly for a while.
"I love you, Bucky."
Thank you for reading!
The phone call and it's aftermath.
He licks his lips with a bone-dry tongue and breathes a sigh through his mouth. Just one drink, he thinks and begins to saunter to the bar when the door clicks and creaks to open. His eyes shoot to the door, realising what he's doing, and then he turns his full frame back to the window, pinching himself on the wrist with nails untill he feels blood. It's his punishment for giving into this age old sin, one that has always threatened him at every single stage of life, ever since he was probably of age 14.
"What did he say?"
Tony felt his breath hitch when Steve breached him and started grating and rotating his thumb in Tony, making the genius cry out in unabashed pleasure.
"Yeah, the bastard was motorboating that whore when I saw. I think it's the same house I saw his car parked outside the last time."
His mind goes over Rhodey's advice about confronting Steve. Should he leave for California after? Is it wise to leave Peter so close to his father when he's a country's length away? His body shudders in fear, he knows Steve will never ever use their son as a pawn. He loves the kid to the ends of the Earth and even if things between them have crumbled, Tony places that much faith in Steve. He mulls over the thought of going back for quite a while. He does miss the warmer climate of California and his parent's home in Malibu, which is now probably abandoned. Maybe it's the right thing to do, Rhodey will keep an eye on Pete and eventually he can break the news to Pete about their separation -
One arm yanked Tony's, well actually Steve's tee down and he laid Tony's neck and shoulders bare as the shirt bunched at his nipples. He continued nuzzling his hot beard through Tony's neck and shoulders, attacking his beautiful olive skin with his teeth, tongue and lips, with such lovesick intensity that Tony couldn't handle it anymore and he turned around and latched his lips onto Steve's as they kissed and kissed and kissed, hot and heavy and bothered as they panted into each others mouth, all the while standing.
And then it morphs into silent sobs followed by loud, choked wails as he cries into the crook of his arms, his lungs and vocal chords fighting untill he feels his throat go dry and his mouth slack.
"I know you're having an affair."
As soon as Steve unlocks the door, he notices the house is pitch dark.
Steve feels himself burning up. He's close, he can feel it, the pressure in his groin increasing gradually with every stroke of Tony's mouth. His thighs are trembling but Tony places his hands on them, rubbing gentle circles with thumb. Steve looks down at Tony, sees his deep, beautiful eyes focused on him. Tony's neck and shoulders are flexing and staining from the effort he's making, his back muscles flexing as he takes Steve in wonderfully, slurping and drooling on his cock, framed perfectly by his groomed goatee. Steve runs his thumb over Tony's chin, coaxing him and consoling him. Tony's hands, meanwhile, explore the planes of Steve's stomach and abs, ever so often pinching a nipple, sending Steve closer and closer to the edge. The burning pressure in Steve's gut hits the breaking point, goaded on by Tony's strokes, as he falls back in the sheets.
Bucky bottoms out finally and twirls his hips, as he grabs onto Steve's jaw and cheek. A groan draws out from Steve's chest as he grabs Bucky's hips and lifts him, before dropping him down oh so slowly.
Tony's dragged out of his thoughts by what sounds like an even louder snore from the man above him, causing waves of chuckles at the sight of his platypus before bringing his phone out to snap a photo.
There's glass everywhere. EVERYWHERE.
A cry escapes Tony's throat as he staggers to the ground, clutching said knee.
"You know what, Steve. For two years, two years, you made me manage the house alone. You made me manage our family alone. Do you even know that Peter used to wake up with terrible anxiety attacks in the middle of the night? Do you? Do you know anything about me and your son, who you promised to give the world, from the last two years? I used to calm him down and on God, it was the most frightening experience of my life seeing my kid shake and tremble with the same crap I used to go through all my life and having it replayed! And do you know what I used to think? I used to want you next to me, next to him because we were supposed to be there for him together. Isn't that what you told me, that we'd always be together? Huh?"
Tony places a chaste kiss to Steve's sternum before curling into his body and then feels a blanket drape over them.
"You wanna know how I found out? Huh? Is that what you're wondering?
His lungs constrict and his chest hurts, the scar left by the shield on his sternum stings; it's stitches ready to cut off and let the blood flow once more. His chest was always sensitive and now, it's even more so. He draws a hand to the spot and presses upon it, to reduce the pain and winces upon contact as he wheezes slightly for air, muffling the noises escaping his stringy vocal chords.
Steve expected some biting snark from the witty scientist but he was a little surprised at Tony's calm nature. It was very rare that Tony would be this calm and relaxed, their lazy presence soothing one another as they relished each other's touches and enjoyed a quiet.
It stretches for quite a while, neither acting nor reacting. It's itchingly deafening and it threatens the very integrity of this setting which already sits at the top of the cliff, precariously.
It's Steve's point of view. There's some snoof, fluff and maybe even a little stony smut ;) (not explicit tho)
"Rhodey! Rhodey, wake up, please!!!! Come on, honeybear!!! Please, wake up!"
Steve smiled and nodded in response, pecking Tony's lips as his hands cradled his head. Steve flipped over to the side and laid down on his back, bending an arm underneath his head.
He jogs down the penthouse stairs into the lower corridor and looks at the blinking camera and motions for the AI to be quiet and pokes a finger at the door.
"Yeah."
"I'm much better. I love you so much, Tony."
He really craves it, his body and mind yearn it, his soul needs it to feel replenished. The dark part of his mind chants, 'Just one glass, you need it. We need it. Come on. Please. Just one small glass' and for a minute, he glances to the elaborately set up bar in the back of the room. The amber liquids in their expensively decorated glass decanters seem to beckon him to inch closer, and take them all with him. They will offer him peace and he will give them salvation. All he needs to do is pop off the silver-coated crystal cap and raise it to his lips. That is all.
"Sorry, I just need a break. These things have always been stressful."
If he answers, he doesn't know what's on the other end.
He scans the hall again and luckily it looks salvaged enough for it to be presentable.
"Don't fucking lie to me, Steve. Don't you dare even fucking try lying to me now. You've lied enough for the past two fucking years. God, maybe even before that I don't fucking know."
They kissed long and hard, and at one point they involved tongue, sweeping into each other's mouths with furious passion and lust, with Steve leaning against the railing and Tony draped over his front, their hands roaming to explore each others frame where Steve rested his at the small of Tony's back and Tony rested his on Steve's broad chest. Tony tasted like whiskey and coconuts, an unusual but enticing combo as their breaths mingled when they panted into each others mouth. After they had finished playing tonsil hockey, Tony looked up at Steve's face and framed it in his hands adoringly almost devotedly and gave him a chaste peck before resting his head on Steve's heart. The gesture sent butterflies fluttering within Steve's gut as he wrapped his arms around Tony protectively as they slowly slid to the ground, in perfect embrace.
"Mr.Stark?"
"He just asked me where I was and I told him I'm over at yours because you're sick."
All of that stopped.
Tony tries taking a step but his knee gives way and he settles for hobbling towards the big dumb figure standing and staring at him.
Tony smirks in response and revvs the car to life again before heading off to Rhodes Manor.
To his surprising satisfaction, he doesn't.
"How about we skip the meetings today and you... hmmmm.... stay with me. Stay here. Stay home.", Steve spoke in between loud smacking kisses.
He's partially terrified that the other man or Steve saw him. He's not going to face Steve and give him the fucking benefit of watching him break down and collapse on the floor. He's definitely not going to give that lousy, worthless bastard the benefit of that. Not in this lifetime or the next. If Steve's almost home, then he can walk out on him and perhaps even run him over. His heart aches at that because not in a million lifetimes could he ever muster the strength or the goddamn will to ever hurt Steve and look into his watery blues and feel his soul crumble at his puppy face. He can't and he never will. That's why he's leaving without a single trace of his existence in this house.
I'm going to go over to Rhodey's and I'll figure something out. I'll send the papers over in a week."
He remembers him just climaxing in him and leaving to go clean himself up. No kiss, no words, nothing. Just a sigh aimed at his nose, the hot breath infuriating him, reminding him that another is also the receiver of these notions.
He remembers the entire three weeks when he fell apart, the pungent odour of whiskey emanating from him and the taste of tobacco coating his insides, all while his beloved was on a "business trip". Tony couldn't even process the information and he suppressed it as long as he could, willing himself to stay only for Peter. Untill Peter goes off to college. Yes, he could make that sacrifice for his child and his well-being. He had to; Peter was the BIGGEST blessing Tony has ever begotten and he knew he'd push through this for his sake.
He's just exhausted. He's tired of the shitstorm outside and inside, he just needs a break so desperately but he can't take one. He's got friends to save, people to acquit and forgive and graves to apologize to….
"Listen, I'll just call Bruce. He's probably got the night shift today so he could help us out."
Tony grabs a few more tufts and soaks them in more spirit, all the while telling Steve to apply pressure to the wound.
He grabs his phone and shoots a text:
He hasn't been able to face Tony for two years now.
Bucky's passed out over the mattress, faceplanting into the pillows as he's stretched out under a blanket. His face is towards the bedside window, away from Steve and the door behind him.
He closes his eyes and holds them shut. That deep voice calls out to him for his attention but every time he hears it, even in his own head, all he can seem to do is cry. Or scream. Or want to throttle the owner. Or just want to claw himself from the inside out and squash his brains with his own hands. He's heard it too many times in his recent nightmares, ringing with a sense of doom loomimg about his head in the form of a shield and a bionic prosthesis that want to take his worthless life and cast him to hell.
He wonders why he stopped. He can't pinpoint the reason or even justify the notion. A gnawing grief grows in his chest, soon morphing into an ache of sorts which he cannot define. Maybe it's his affection for Steve or maybe it's his own foolishness, beckoning him to offer another chance at rekindling the lost aembers of their love as testament to their journey of so long.
Steve's face snaps up to look at Tony's unstable one, his face thrumming with the weight of his emotion he's not bothering to hide. His brown orbs show such feral betrayal that Steve feels everything in him clench, as a new wave of anger rises in him.
Tony's distracted from his internal battle when the bell rings and he feels his face wet. He scrubs at the dampness, runs a hand through his hair and a finger over his eyebags.
"Steve, you don't owe me an explanation. You've done this since forever. We meet, we bang, you leave in the middle of the night to go back home."
"Thank you."
Tony opens his mouth to argue but nothing comes out.
He begins to cough, in tiny fits, and they rake daggers along the lining of his throat. His mouth has gone slack and he feels so parched, he needs a drink. Wait! No! We don't do that anymore, he mutters to himself. He promised never to drink again and committed himself to the program, having earned his five year sobriety chip, just three days ago.
"No!" Tony blurts out, voice almost two octaves higher.
The other man just nods before swallowing, as Tony sees his Adam's apple bob from under his chin, head tilted in defeat.
"I'm not sure, Tony. I kind of lost track."
Steve's mouth was agape as he stared at the letters, trying to make sense of it.
That's why he'd rather be anywhere else than with me. Because all I do is ruin everything and make him feel miserable.
Steve brings a hand to push the strands of hair out of the sleeping form's face, revealing the powerfully built nose and a jaw that could probably cut diamond.
Whenever they'd get into a tiff, the blonde would scream and hover over Tony threateningly as if he was about to hit him, and once he almost did. He apologized immensely after that, trying to pepper him with kisses and dinners until he took Tony out on vacation to the Canadian Alps.
Tony accepts and stars gulping the water as soon as it hits his tongue. The cool, refreshing sensation settles in his throat and calms down the upstart of a cough slowly. It relaxes Tony as he laps it up hungrily and finishes the whole glass.
"I can't take it anymore, Rhodey. I'm at my wit's end.", Tony garbles out in between since sobs.
Steve wasted no time and freed his aching cock from behind the zipper, followed by his balls and coated it with spit and some lube from Tony's pucker.
Or actually not. Our son did grow up here so let that at least be the remains of this place.
Here's the news, Cap. I was walking around the neighborhood when I saw you and that tramp motorboating each other through the window."
"So, Steve kind of got into a... situation. He crashed into the glass cabinet drunk off his ass and I think he needs a tetanus shot."
Tony continues playing tonsil hockey with Steve and he feels so content, so happy with the fact that he finally has Steve with him, now and forever. His emotions pour forth into his kisses as he continues kissing the soldier, moaning and panting into his mouth, their breaths intermingling.
"How long?"
He doesn't care how long it takes, he's going to wait till eternity to confront this bastard and get it over with.
"Listen to me, Tony -", James' voice firm and unyielding, "you cannot stay here after you break it off. You don't need him or his negativity around you. You moved to New York for him and now look at the end result. He doesn't even respect the history you both have for almost 20 years to even let you off the hook and break things respectfully. Don't stay here and punish yourself Tony. Steve's just going to make everything worse for you. I promise I will keep an eye on Pete and if Steve tries anything funny, let's just say, a Lieutenant-Colonel will KICK the ex-Captain's ass."
That's why Steve doesn't want me.
He needed Tony. He wanted Tony. Oh God, he loves him so much and he missed him.
The morning rays shone through the huge French windows, illuminating the bedroom with its beautiful soft yellow hue and bouncing off the dark brown of the mahogany floors and bringing out the aesthetique of the lovely interiors and their perfectly crafted blend of colours the couple had picked out.
As Steve pistons his cock into Tony, he shudders violently as the full force of his orgasm whammies him like a baseball bat to the face. His cock pulses furiously as he unloads his hot seed into Tony's warm, velvet cavern, filling him up and claiming him as his own.
Things are missing from the room.
Tony can feel the stare boring craters into his being but consciously tries to ignore it, focusing on what's important at the moment.
"I'm not angry that you cheated, I may sound terrible but you know what a pessimist I am. You know how terrible my own thoughts would get, you've fucking seen me at my worst. What I am angry is that you didn't even respect me enough to tell me that you don't want this anymore. You didn't even respect the history we had together to let me off the hook. You didn't even respect him enough to let him live his life openly, reducing him to nothing more than a dirty secret. You did what you wanted and you kept what you needed, not even letting any side waver."
Warning: Smut and descriptions of sex.
______________________*______________________
Steve's heart sinks as he thinks of the aftermath of his decision. He needs to fucking man up and tell Tony the truth. He doesn't know who he's gonna choose, but he has to tell Tony.
Tony feels like lightning is coursing through his body as he's somewhat riding Steve so ferally and he can feel the warmth of Steve's chest against his back and Steve all over him, staking claim on Tony's body and soul for eternity. Steve clearly missed him and Tony did too. These missions were always too long.
Tony draws in a sharp breath and draws his hand back to toss this ring against the glass but, he stops midway. He heaves a sigh and ends up placing it on the surface of the table drawers, smack dab in the middle.
He hears loud crashing and banging of glass and wood and whatnot.
Tony caught sight of that marvelous dong Steve whooped out, it's thick, enormous length flushed a beautiful pink while the foreskin covered head took on a deep red, pulsing angrily, matching Steve's kiss stained lips. The vein on the underside throbbed in anticipation, leaking a big globule of precum through that delicious slit. At the sight of that delicious cock, Tony's own length pulled up and twitched achingly against his abdomen. He felt himself leaking too and Tony was well endowed for sure, but Steve's little monster would intimidate anyone.
The soldier squints at the ceiling before nodding at the camera and thanking the AI.
"Wha-?"
Tony grimaces a bit and heads to the kitchen, to grab a glass of water and returns to see Steve hunched over, his bandaged hands bunched together in a fist.
"Sure, yeah."
"This is some delicious stuff. Thanks, platypus."
Tony glances at his watch
Tony dabs and rubs much more gently this time and even manages to patch up Steve's back, which fortunately has two or three cuts.
"What the fuck were you thinking, Steve?"
"Why, yes!"
"That's very good, Captain. I'm afraid sir has told me not to reveal his current location to you because he wants you to find him. Rest assured that he is in the premises but I haven't told him you've arrived yet.", the all-knowing AI teases.
"We are now going to hand out chips. Newcomers first."
One is pushing him further to cause a scene and the other is goading him to just toss this ringing piece of garbage in the trash.
Steve goes quiet.
"Steve, oh God, I missed you too, oh lord, this is so fucking hot, dear God, your beard is driv- driving me nuts, FUCK! You are full of surprises, daddio!"
His mind constantly plays the images, torturing him, punishing him like he's being whipped a thousand times for his sins.
Steve catches Tony's legs as they leave the edge of the table and places them over his shoulders. Tony's always been experimental in bed, more so with Steve.
There is no response to Steve, as he starts to worry about where Tony's whereabouts.
Tony dabs the cotton at the nicks on Steve's legs, starting off with gentle taps before rubbing down on the wound with a little pressure.
Steve's face lights up and he draws Tony in close, locking their chests, almost crushing him as he whispers sweet thank yous and I love you's into Tony's ears. He clasps his arms around Tony's waist tightly and buries his face in his neck, savouring the sweet smell of blueberries and coconut and cologne that Tony always gave off.
"Tony, call him ba-"
Tony strides right in and heads for the kitchen, turning on the coffee machine to brew his nectar.
I took all my stuff, so there's nothing left for me to do here or even be here.
He glances over in the rearview mirror and settles his hair with one hand before he gets out of the car and gets into the elevator, pressing the button for floor 5.
He would come down to his lab and lift him off the chair and hold him with such firm tenderness as he took him back upstairs.
He looks up in the direction of the voice.
Steve shakes the thoughts out of his head. No, if Tony found out, it just means everything going to shit. Tony probably just answered the last part of what Steve said. He knows Steve loves him and probably always will. Tony always knew.
"Wait, what?"
Steve just mewls out under Bucky's ministrations and grips his hips tightly trying to stop him, almost.
After the speech, Steve congratulated Tony and shook his hand, where they lingered in that position for quite a while. They made light conversation about themselves and a little about the here-and-there happenings and what not.
"What is it, Tones?"
"Well, that is all the time we have for sharing. The next meeting is on Tuesday. Thank you!”
He tosses the phone into the cup holder and stretches back in his seat, before he hears a buzz from the holder.
_______________________*_____________________
Tony tightens his hold back on Steve's thighs, yanking his shins closer and places his hands on Steve's arms.
.....
"Then I've found my match."
"I got so pissed that I just grabbed every single thing of mine I own in that house and ran out. I can't deal with this anymore, platypus. I have a bad feeling it's been happening ever since Peter got into high school."
I can't live this life knowing that I'm just I'm getting tired of it. So, you're gonna have to make a choice. You either choose to go home permanently or you choose... Well, you choose me."
Steve hunches as he withdraws within himself, listening to Nat's words, laced with venom aplenty.
"You wouldn't dare."
He remembers him coming back that night with a washcloth, carelessly wiping Tony off and throwing a blanket over them as he turned his back to Tony, dropping off to sleep instantly.
Tony chuckles in response which Rhodey joins in on.
The day comes at last.
Tony chuckles at the comment and heads up to sleep.
Tony rotates himself a full semicircle on Steve's cock and turns to face him and Steve's looking at him like he's a fucking masterpiece.
After the last of them left, Tony took Steve out to the roof of the building where they could see the beautiful night sky, dotted with stars as well as the hustle-bustle of the humans below. The yellow, red and white lights of Californian nightlife interspersed with the violet-black of the nearingly midnight sky knocked a breath out of Steve, who took it in with a deep breath, only to hear Tony doing so as well.
Sixteen years had passed by and Tony and Steve thought their marital bliss was eternal.
"He's doing good. Might go to Memphis for some work real soon."
"She said she's in Cali for a council meeting. She's catching the early night flight to NY. She also said and I quote, 'wants to cut the son of a bitch from throat to scroat.' "
"Good evening, Captain Rogers. How was your mission?", the British AI booms almost, startling Steve who, as usual, glances up at the ceiling. Old habit.
Steve gently leaned forward and pressed himself to Tony's back, before pressing his lips one more time to his nape and pushing the t shirt down to Tony's abdomen and bunching it there, urging Tony to place his hands on the table.
Today, he decided to go out on a long walk, having got the Saturday off. Steve wasn't at home as usual and Tony didn't want to disturb Rhodey or Pepper, thinking they'd be busy.
He tiptoes into the lab, trying to be as silent as he could, right through the seemingly large space in between Tony's main work station and when he catches sight of the smaller man, his breath hitches in his throat and he's wide-eyed at the sight offered to him.
"They're both doing great! Monica's trying to get into CalTech."
"I said, leave it Steve!", the man growls almost as his voice hits a dangerous note.
"I could never hate you, Steve. Not now, not ever."
Steve's dragged out of this thoughts by the voice.
"I missed you too, Cap. Oh my god, *gasp*, you grew your beard."
Steve just drags a hand through his hair and heaves a sigh. He can feel his lungs constrict even more and his heart thump in its cage.
"You're gonna answer my question. I have just one question for you and I want you to give me an honest answer for once in your GODDAMN LIFE TO ME.
The conversation was cut short when Tony was dragged away by other dignitaries, probably his father's business partners and acquaintances.
"Good morning, Tony."
Tony knows that's more of a command than a suggestion. He nods in response and frees his legs from the cocoon.
A parallel to chapter 2. Steve and Bucky's setting.
His eyes dart to either ends of the space in front of him so that he can find that loser and shove a pencil in his eye or worse.
Steve feels his heart stop beating and he feels his eyes open wide instinctively.
Natasha rises from the couch, swiftly and slams the door behind her as she leaves Steve to deal with his own fate.
"Who says they'll even doubt me? I'll say they tried harassing an Army officer."
"You know, all this time, you've been keeping me on the sidelines. I never complained once. Not once. Wanna know why? Because I knew you'd come back to me. Always. Every night, you'd always come to my goddamn house and bang me like a book on the table, whisper sweet shit in my ear whenever we stay and you'd just up and leave whenever the fuck you wanted. Honest to God, I never said a single thing to you about this Steve. I fucking love you, Stevie and now... now I don't think I want to be a secret anymore. I know you love me and I want to love you in the open, to go out with you in public and fucking hold your hands while you kiss me in front of the world for them to see. I love you, Steve."
He's terrified of having to pick up the call but he also knows if he does, he's going to have a breakdown and he'd rather die in a ditch than let this man have the opportunity to watch him fall apart.
Tony giggled at that and Steve felt his heart bloom in childish joy hearing that voice sounding so carefree for a while. Tony only did that for him. Only him. That made Steve's heart constrict a bit more as he took in the sight of Tony, snickering like a baby while stretched out so beautifully for him.
"Shut up. You said you wanted help. Here is me offering help."
He peppers Steve's face with kisses and wraps his arms around his neck. Steve's eyes snake up Bucky's sides and settle on his hips, as they begin to clash their mouths furiously, moaning and panting into each other's mouths before Bucky crawls into Steve's lap and presses down upon him.
"Tony, I... I'm.....". There is a long pause and he can hear sharp breaths drawn in and released in quick succession. Tony closes his eyes. He once reveled in that beautiful, deep voice but now..... now he's just terrified of it. It sends goosebumps flaring across the length of his skin, right from the base of his neck to the small of his back; trembling a bit. Even his smart ass doesn't know what to expect anymore from this situation or any situation further.
A letter that's been wrapped and sealed in an azure envelope, with its beautiful creases and folds.
Tony swallows thickly as he tries to comprehend his next move.
Thank you for reading!
Tony wakes up on the couch, still wrapped in his blanket burrito. The TV is still running, playing the third installment in Star Wars and he glances up to see Rhodey, who's stayed all night like a pillow for Tony.
Kudos and comments will be much appreciated!
Steve's breath hitched in his throat, the glory of Tony's ministrations made him leak even more into his lover's mouth. He grabbed a fistful of Tony's hair and started bobbing his head up and down on his dick, gradually picking up the pace as he used Tony's mouth to chase friction, to chase his release. Steve felt Tony's saliva lube him up copiously, his tongue wiggling around, aiming to coat every inch of him. Tony began to slurp and splutter, those sounds of pleasure crackling a sensation in Steve's gut as he felt himself get closer and closer.
Many such dates later, they took the big decision to tie the knot.
Steve's heart pangs at his thoughts, as he witnesses the lives he's ruined and the feelings he's played with.
Tony makes a gesture to grab Carol's hand which she accepts benignly.
Tony just offers a smile in return and drags a long sip before he asks, "Where's Pep?”
Tony's hand feels the thick muzzle of hair and sees his fingers sink into it. He looks at the soldier, full of guilt and remorse. His eyes have lowered to the floor now and Tony softly massages the strands, retracting and expanding his fingers, feeling the shifting of the soft hairs under his ministrations which elicit tears from the soldier's big baby blues now peering at him, in awe of his magnanimous display.
He swallows thickly and bunches his hands in front of him, flexing his digits around one another as he intertwines both sets of them. He grinds his teeth and clenches his jaws down hard.
It takes all of Tony's willpower not to throw up.
Tony wrote back to him.
"I knew", he kissed behind Tony's other ear, "you'd love it", and he raked his foliage over Tony's exposed lower neck, licking a long stripe across his shoulder blades.
"I'm just.... I'm just so scared, Rhodey. I had my doubts.... But after Pete left for uni, he's gotten more distant. He doesn't even look at me when we have sex...."
"I missed you."
A breath is punched out of Steve when the weight of Bucky's words hit him like an asteroid.
He's cut off from his thoughts, when he hears the person huff and speak:
And one more.
The elevator dings and Tony storms over to the door and throws it open, to reveal an empty living room.
"I suppose you could teach me, Stark."
"That was 4 years ago, Steve."
"Tony, I'm-"
Tony finds comfort in Rhodey, who gives him a bit to think about.
Honestly, Steve can never say he got a full eight or more hours of sleep except for when he was with Tony.
I fucking did it. Oh God, this was a hell storm to finish and it ate me alive that I just wanted to get over with it ugh.
He tried watching a movie, but he found nothing of his interest.
"I know you love this, Tones. I stack it for you whenever you come to visit."
OH HELL NO!
Rhodey just puts a palm out. "Tony, I DO NOT NEED to know that."
"Good morning to you too Natasha."
"We went on a date. Yes, yes, it's true, don't freak out! We went out on Sunday and well it's been a few days and he hasn't called back so I'm just....."
If you're unhappy, break it off and live your own life and let him live his. Don't fucking play with his feelings because you're too chicken to confess to your fucking husband!
"TONY!"
He can't leave so unceremoniously, without explanation or reason. Guilt rises within him as he thinks he's just walking out but the rage reminds him this is far too easy of a punishment for the other man's actions. Hell it's not even punishment to be honest.
"Not everyone's a genius prodigy like you, Tony", she bumps his playfully on the shoulder with a fist.
If you like the work so far, please leave comments and kudos
"I caught him in that slut's house through the window. The bastard lives five blocks east of us."
Then, Steve softens up, as he usually does and speaks to Tony so delicately like he's the most fragile thing in the universe, with oh-so-much patience and such aggressive tenderness.
"You're so beautiful. I love you like this. I love you so much."
As Tony just sits there, defeatedly, he stretches his legs and rolls his shoulders, like he's prepping to throw punches. He slumps back in his seat and shuts his eyes when, much to his own surprise, he finds out he's chuckling quietly and rather involuntarily.
Tony wrapped his legs right around Steve from the front as Steve bore their weight and continued his ministrations.
"Would you like some more?"
"I didn't know what to do Tony. I never wanted it come down to this. I didn't want to have to choose. I couldn't let him die for something he didn't do on his own and I couldn't gather the courage to face you with this. I was scared, Tony. I was terrified of losing you or losing him. Buck's my best friend and I have to protect him. I should have told you sooner, Tony. I should've.... I'm just... I'm a coward! I'm a goddamn coward, Tony. I'm so sorry. I'm really very sorry, Tony. I...."
It was sweet and sensuous, Tony going soft and pliant under Steve's firm but tender ministrations as their bodies rocked together in mutual pleasure, savouring the smell and taste of each other, with passionate desire and near carnal lust as well as their devotion to one another, seen in every aspect of their togetherness.
He hunches over the wheel for a bit and releases a deep breath, feeling his shoulders relax.
"Leave it, Steve."
Steve knows Tony's tricks and decides to play into this game of hide and seek for a while. He places one hand on his hip and smiles down into the floor, chuckling lowly. He draws in a big breath and looks around with feigned marked concentration and focus, his sole intent to find Tony and grab him into his arms and squeeze him like the adorable little bean he was. He missed him so much.
Steve brimmed with so much pride and love that he just keels forward and places a long, deep kiss on Tony's beautiful forehead, savoring the contact he's been deprived of for two months.
Tony's voice cracks as he shuts up and draws a deep breath in and resumes with unsettling calm in his voice:
Steve just chuckled before placing a chaste kiss to the small of Tony's back and then he did something that Tony fucking almost fell forward and broke his head.
"Speaking of that, did you get your sobriety chip?"
"Thanks, Spaceface. Hey, when's yours?"
"No, Steve. Mark me. Make me yours."
Tony usually leaves a light on in the passageway for Steve but today, there is nothing like that.
Admonish Tony for being irresponsible and leaving on a whim, like nothing has happened.
Steve begins to bob Tony up and down his furiously aching length, impaling him on his cock as Tony just whines and mutters. He starts slowly, letting Tony get used to the feeling of being stretched around Steve's glorious length.
"You're filthy, Steebo."
"Now, kiss me while you take me, soldier."
Fucking two years, you shameless hatchet! You've been living a lie for two years and playing with Tony like his feelings don't matter. Did you ever fucking love him, Steve? Huh?
Tony's brain reminds him of the infidelity, repeatedly, like a church bell ringing hourly. The gongs of the reminder wrack through his bones as he sees that horrid sight through the window in his mind's eye. He fully collapses onto the steering wheel, hands barely holding him up as he sobs and whimpers continuously into the air of the car, lamenting his plight.
They settle into a hug again and stay in that comfortable position for a very long time, feeding off of each others warmth in mute solace. They are reminded of their promise to each other that fateful night after Ultron had gone so horribly wrong. No matter what happens, they'll always do everything together.
"It's – just two – meetings– today. I'll be– mmph, oh – back before– you –know– it."
Tony was and probably is the love of his life. He's loved him for twenty years and counting. Ever since that night on the terrace, Steve knew he gave his heart completely and fully to Tony. Tony gave him a home, a family and he's perfect to Steve.
Steve's largesse sprung out, standing proud and leaking, demanding attention. Tony saw a smirking Steve cock an eyebrow. He obliged quickly, thumbing Steve's slit before licking up the pre-cum dutifully. Licking and swallowing around the head, Tony popped off a noise. Grinning at a relaxed Steve, Tony swallowed the entire length in one go, feeling the fat head poke at his uvula. Tony stayed like that for a moment, feeling his saliva pool around the delicious intruder and laving his tongue around. He palmed Steve's balls and fondled them with the tips of his fingers, tickling at the soft blonde hairs. He dragged in a long breath, inhaling the musk of Steve's scent, honed in the golden hairs of his pubis and remained so for quite a while, breathing  rather laboriously.
The family moved to Brooklyn, which was Steve's ancestral land and rebuilt their life anew in their new home.
Tony proved himself to be an ideal life partner who was devoted to his home and his work. He gave up his drinking for Steve (which was one of the reasons for his wild antics during college) and took part in AA meetings, regularly. He showered his love on Steve and it was always the little, unspoken acts of service Tony would do that warmed Steve's heart. Steve didn't know what he did to ever get Tony as his but he was determined to keep him forever, happy and healthy.
And about Bucky, I don't know what the deal is between you two but I'm telling you this Steve, it's been a long time in coming.
It was rare that Steve smiled. And when he used to, it was always forced, which used to pain Tony's heart. As time worked in their favour, Steve started smiling more and Tony started feeling lighter and lighter, whether it was a stupid joke or some nasty innuendo (which was, au contraire, Steve's fault) or just them being themselves, being content in each other's company and the encapsulating warmth of a mutual comfort between them.
"It's okay, Tones. I know. I know."
Done with the biggest part. It broke me and I started crying halfway through writing this. Yuck, I hate myself.
"What are you trying to say, Buck?"
Steve was dejected by this interruption but then again, he found some hope when Tony turned to him with the most beautiful expression and mouthed to him, silently:
He quickly clicked the button and answered the call:
Steve can't choose. He can't. It's like choosing a limb or an eye.
I'm so close. I'm this close to finishing this.
Tony nods, beaming.
"Morning, honey"
tWisT ahahah!!
"Hey, Nat. Weren't you supposed to come at 8?"
"Tones, just tell him you're over at my place."
He tried taking a hot shower, thinking it'll help him drift off.
The adrenaline was roaring through Steve as he took out each and every one of the agents and destroyed their tech. He might've been upset that these maggots still lived but all that channeled into terrifying rage when he went all out on those fuckers. He would not stop, he's never going to stop until he takes out every single one of them.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm sorry about Barnes' arm. Well, he did try ripping out the arc reactor and I guess I just lost it... I didn't know what I was doing.. I'm sorry about that. Anyway, I patched up a prototype for a new one. Tell him I'll send it soon as sort of an apology, if not a peace offering. Unless the Wakandans have already given him a vibranium model. Regardless, I'll send the first model soon.
Steve complies and plops down quietly.
Steve leans forward and buries his tongue in Tony's mouth as he begins bobbing Tony again on his dick, fucking him with lesser feral intensity as he feels his climax.
"How in the hell did you ever work for the USAF when your memory is this crappy?"
He decides to wait.
He goes over to Peter's room to see if Tony is sleeping there but the room is untouched and there is no sign of anyone.
After setting Tony down and wrapping him up in a blanket with a piping hot mug of his favourite pre-mix latte, Rhodey just sits by Tony's side, caressing his shoulder with gentle rubs of consolement. They've become quiet now, well Tony has except for the sniffles and coughs, as he leans against Rhodey and sips on the coffee, occasionally.
"You know what, Steve? I'm done. I'm finally done. I cannot live this life anymore where I constantly feel like I need a drink or I need a noose to hang myself from. I can't.
Bucky gives Steve a choice.
Tony walks to the elevator and dings the button before getting in and clicking the button for the basement.
Steve just huffs a sigh and drags out a chair, next to Tony and drops himself into it.
No response.
"Tony, I-"
"Speaking of, how's Steve?"
Steve managed to break his captured left arm free and ruffled his hand through the other person's hair, carding through the strands with his fingers and lightly brushing the scalp with his nails in small to-and-fro circular motions. The person let out a small moan at his ministrations before nuzzling their head into Steve's chest, like a cat being stroked and purring in response.
"Thank you, your Highness."
"I don't know, Rhodey. I can't just up and leave-"
And that's what he's showed them.
Only Steve could drive him this crazy. Make him feel this intense and this safe. Like he's in a cocoon of debauchery.
Silence.
"Hello?"
He would put Peter on his shoulders and clasp his legs so tenderly, as the infant played with his blonde locks.
Unbeta'd work so please mention if any mistakes/discrepancies. Thanks!
hurt Tony Stark.
Steve reached forward and grabbed Tony by the arms, hoisting him onto him again and pulling him flush against the Kevlar of his suit. He hooked his arms around Tony's waist as Tony's own grabbed onto Steve's biceps for good measure. He lowered Tony down slowly and steadily onto his cock, a little faster after the fat crown breached Tony's rim completely, as he nipped at Tony's earlobe fervently.
The bots, he built back at home wouldn't hurt him.
"Me too, Steeb. Oh god, harder, Cap. Fuck me, harder."
Stay with me.
Incoming call: Steve
They enter the bedroom where Tony again motions for Steve to sit on the bed.
His sleep is always cut short, ever since the army, having gotten used to the unstable cycles of rest they got and the constant edge of having to spring into action, keeping him vigilant.
Steve races back upstairs and begins scanning the house, looking for Tony in the kitchen, the gym, the laundry room, anywhere and everywhere but he finds no sign of Tony.
Tony just sniffles and nods in response.
Steve's head snaps back to Bucky, who's now grinning menacingly into the empty space. He turns to glower at Steve, who just blinks at him sheepishly.
Now I'm going to think a lot about how to continue this lel my brain is dead but I've got some tricks up my shleeeb.
"God help me I don't want to go!"
His head is throbbing at his temples and his mid-line and he runs a hand through his hair to try and numb it out, settling to rub his temples in slow, soothing circles.
At the next stoplight, Tony grabs out his phone to shoot a text.
Tony.
He drags a large suitcase from the lower racks and throws it on the bed, beginning to unzip it throughout its length and tosses the flap open into the empty cuboid.
You know what, now that Peter is no longer an active part, you better confess to Tony and let him off the hook. Else, I swear to God I'll fucking break your kneecaps."
Tony's voice barks out at Steve, stunning the other man into silence as he just gawks at Tony, utterly flabbergasted.
In no world could Tony Stark ever hate Steve Rogers.
Tony doesn't have to wait long as he hears the door of his bedroom click and hears the slap of footsteps from behind him.
"Buck, plea-"
He heaves a sigh and backs up the car, before bolting out of the basement and turning a right towards his house.
"Morning sap is the best sap I suppose. I love you too, you big dork."
He glances up to see DUM-E who whirs his claw in disgust before sauntering away.
Tony took in the sight with humour and beamed at Steve, before curling his lips upward like he knew that the man was drinking him in.
God knows how long this had been happening and he's never confronted Steve. He knows what answers he'll get and he knows why Steve is even staying. It was for Peter's sake, it was the only reason holding this marriage together. This farce of a life they've built as couple was held by the presence of their only child and that was why they stayed. Tony wondered why Steve didn't just divorce him after Peter left, the only obstacle in his path gone. He wondered if all those business trips, he was just staying in that other man's house, snatching away all and any rights Tony had as his other half. Despite all that, Tony tried so hard only to face rejection at every step. He will never be enough for anyone. His father was right at constantly reminding him that it was a fact and now, now he had proof of it. Every insult, every lie, every heartbreak weighed down on Tony now as he just stood there, ruminating on his pitiful, pathetic life.
It's a short chapter, ahahah!
Our little bundle of joy. He's ours, Tony.
Direct continuation of chapter 1.
"Answer me, Steven."
The voice calling out to him mutters something in a low grumble before speaking out again:
Peter grew up to be smart like his Dad and shy like his Pops. He was one of the best kids the couple could ever ask, always courteous and well mannered. He was probably one of the smartest people in the country, winning laurels and awards in competitions, making the pair proud of their son.
He wants his closure and he craves his fucking freedom from this lie. So he decides to wait.
"Tony, that was 2 weeks ago."
"Still, Tony. It's not cool."
His mind's eye shows him Tony, shocked into silence when Steve breaks it to him. His big brown eyes, glazed over, filled with disbelief; those eyes, that have always been Steve's weakness as they showed every emotion Tony wanted to display and didn't as well. The varying degree of sensitivity in them encompassing Tony's soul, which was once pure, but is now tainted because of Steve's actions.
Before he could get a response, he cuts the call and throws the phone on the table and cradles his head in his palms for a while as Rhodey puts a hand on his shoulder, squeezing it slightly.
That was when we conceived Peter, Tony chuckles to himself.
"Steve."
Steve plunders Tony's mouth again with his kisses and licks into him furiously, as he begins to lower them onto the floor with Tony straddling him and his cock still inside Tony. He sits down and stretches his legs out, giving Tony a seat.
He digs his palms into the balls of his eyes, trying to soothe the burn from lack of sleep when the doorbell rings.
Steve yawns and nods in response before heading off to the washroom.
He remembers running to his baby's room with bated breath and wobbling legs, muttering some crap as he bolted, with Steve at his heels trying to make him see some sense, to see his baby sleeping soundly in his crib with one thumb in his mouth.
The robot doesn't answer and there's no response. Steve heaves a sigh of relief.
"You got something you want to say, Steve?"
"Oh God, Steve. I'd make a fucking sweater out of it if I could. Aaah-it's so fucking hot. Never shave it!”
Amidst the crying, he lets forth a sobbing, shaky rendition of a single name from his lips:
Tony's eyes dart towards Steve's amused baby blues which are peering at him with light interest.
"I don't know whether you and Tony are unhappy or whatever it is but you don't have the right to play him like this. Not after twenty three years of marriage.
Tony huffs a sigh and gestures Steve to follow him.
"Hey, that's really good! I knew she could do it. Kid's a genius as much as Pete."
Plus a miserable Steve :)
There were blotches on the paper where Steve might've cried, distorting the writing and smudging the ink.
"This will sting a little. Please don't kick me."
Right now, Tony just needs a break from his thoughts. He just needs a break from the reality of his life and as much as he can't seem to sleep, he's going to try.
He drags another one over and drapes it on top.
Tony always wanted to leave hickeys on Steve but they didn't last very long. He sucked a few bruises onto Steve's nipple, his stomach and his neck, smirking triumphantly. He looked up to Steve's brows squiggling in pleasure but his eyes, focused on Tony, reaching out to him. Tony licked a long stripe through the cavern of the blond's  sternum, nipping at the hair along the way and reached his way to the hollow of Steve's throat, kissing reverently.
Tony grabs the handle and pushes the door out and then he practically falls into Rhodey's arms, clutching onto his shoulders. Startled at first, Rhodey clings onto Tony's torso with a firm grip.
"You married me because you love it."
Kudos and comments will be much appreciated
"Buck, just tell me what's wrong."
"Wow..... It's been twenty years. Twenty years since I woke up without a pounding headache or a strange person in my bed. Or someone else's bed."
Bile rose up in Tony's throat as he threatened to hurl again right in front of them and it took him a while to calm himself down and back up a few steps. Tony's legs turned to jelly as he slid down the wall of the house and leaned against it, right below that ghastly window which held all the evidence he denied so intensely for the past two and a half years.
I did it. I finally fucking did it.
Now, Steve's just lying in bed, too lazy to move and too agitated to sleep.
He places his bags into the space and slams the door loud, as it resonates within the fibres of his being, which strange enough, elicits a smile from him, no matter how small or mild.
Tony's voice chokes out as he brings his head into his hands and lets out a deep, unsteady breath.
He walks over to his car and throws his jacket onto the passenger seat, before getting in and locking the seatbelt in place.
Nat is probably the strongest person Steve knows. She's lived a tough life, had to work her way to the top, alone. She's been in the business, long before Steve and she showed him the ropes after the Army.
He glances at the bed and realises Tony isn't there.
"Jesus, Tony....."
"Firstly, I want to apologize for everything that happened between us. I realize that I reacted impulsively out of my own grief and that it wasn't right. After much pondering and therapy sessions, I figured out what needed to be done. So, I'm sorry about probably everything since day one.
He flinches immediately and flings himself to the other side of the window, still not facing the man. He doesn't say anything, but the action speaks enough for itself. He swallows again and cocks his head to the side towards the window. He's too terrified right now. Or too scared. Or both. He doesn't know. The very touch that once was a source of warmth and comfort for him now rattles a fear so great through his bones that he's left trembling and he doesn't realize he's gripping the curtains for support, bunching the fabric in his fist as he tries to suppress a sob.
"God damn, Steve. You look like shit."
Steve felt his body was on fire. Only Tony could make him feel like this. Sweet, amazing Tony Stark was the spark that probably set off or shut down all of Steve Rogers' functions.
Tony closed his eyes and cried again. He choked back his sobs and bit his tongue from whimpering. He must've been there for what felt like hours untill he slowly got to his feet and started jogging. The jogging slowly evolved pace and he was running and then he was sprinting to his house, determinedly all the while more tears crawled down his cheeks and snot clogged his nose, as he fought to breathe through his nostrils and settled to do so via his mouth.
"You're almost up to collect your chip, Tony."
That was all the confirmation Steve needed.
"I sent this to Wakanda because I don't know where exactly you are right now but I do know that you were there. I just hope you get this as quickly as you can because I want to get this over with. You don't need to be here for the hearing.  And don't worry, no one's going to prosecute you or try to hunt you down because it's the family lawyer taking care of this for us.
Tony looked even more beautiful like this, with his suit in disarray; a shirt button popped open and the bowtie hanging loosely around his neck. His eyes were closed as he clung onto the railing and breathed against the cold wind, seeming so serene and calm. Heat bloomed from within Steve's chest, he was falling quickly and hopelessly for this man.
"Good.....",he glances at the clock, before returning his gaze, "early mid mid-night. How'd you sleep?"
Everything he touches is ruined and everyone who touches him also gets ruined.
"Like I said, he's always away from home. He comes home late at night, Rhodes. It's like he's been avoiding me on purpose. Am I that fucking horrid that someone has to avoid me for almost three whole years? I couldn't take it anymore. And after what I saw today, I just can't. I want this to end."
Tony feels a faint nudge against his side and looks up in the direction of the intrusion.
"S-Steve, oh god, move, please."
He glances up at the sleeping soldier, eyes fully shut and mouth slightly agape, snoring lightly.
Howard was right. He was always right. Tony's always been a disappointment, full of shortcomings and failures.
Steve chuckles at thinking about how much Tony would like it.
"Yeah, okay. Bye. Good night."
Unbeta'd work so please mention if any errors or discrepancies.
He tried hitting the gym, punching bag after bag and benchpressing as much as he could.
It stuns Rhodey into silence.
The genius took full advantage of his situation and grinded against Steve's hot, giant length, poking between his cheeks, like they knew where they wanted to go. Each grind of his earned a low moan from Steve, who began canting his hips forward, seeking friction
I have to choose.
"Hey, JARVIS. Mission went well. Everything's good. JARVIS, where's Tony?"
"No! No, I did not!!! And now he's fucking calling me. What the fuck do I do?”
Rage and fear grip Tony's throat, both those emotions fighting for dominance, as a shudder wracks through his spine.
"Yeah, it sure did."
Tony jolts out of his thoughts and feels the cold concrete at his back sucking all the heat from his body and slowly turning him into a damn corpse.
And then began their courtship.
He reaches the lab floor and walks inside towards the couch, only to find it empty.
Steve felt his arms wrapped around the frame on top of him and rubbed up and down to feel the smooth expanse of beautiful Mediterranean skin and lithe muscles beneath them. He worked his fingers through the gentle ridges of bone and skin and muscle of the figure lying on top of him, as if he were a mattress. His arms slowly snaked upwards from the small of the back to the peaking clavicles and then to those built shoulders he sank his digits into, in an attempt to massage and relieve the knots in them. The figure let out a soft sigh and Steve could feel the exhale of breath on his shoulder, warm against his bare skin. He hummed in response and closed his eyes, shutting out everything other than this exclusive feeling of contact, cherishing every second of it.
Dun-dun-dunnnnnnn!!!! Cliffhanger!!! Of sorts!
He feels so cold but also feels so hot at the same time. It's unnerving; confuses him so much so. He wants to rip off his three piece Armani and at the same time, he wants to roll himself in a quilt and lock himself away in his workshop. His haven. He's so close to bolting right now and cancelling this…. this plan, to isolate himself from the world and it's exhausting affairs, to retreat to his haven with his inventions, his robots, his….
Tony nuzzled his head into Steve's neck, placing one ear over his heart. His one hand flitted through Steve's golden locks, which were longer now and the other intertwined with Steve's own as the soldier and scientist played with each other's wedding bands. Tony placed a light kiss to the hollow of Steve's throat, eliciting a chuckle from him and who in turn, pecked Tony's hairline with a light smooch, all the while playing with the scientist's deft, calloused fingers with his own.
Thank you for reading!
Tony slumps back against the chair, eyes open wide in shock as the little part of him that hoped this was all a lie is just nipped brutally within him.
When Steve saw Tony at his very first Stark expo, he was swept off his feet by the new young, beautiful and vivacious CEO. He looked gorgeous when he first saw him - wearing a crisp black suit with a beautiful black bowtie, hair tousled to look unkempt but it suited him so well. And those eyes, oh God... Those eyes were so big and brown, they looked like they held the universe in them. Tony's big, expressive orbs were probably the best feature on his face, complementing the rest of his beauty. He was suave, charming and witty, he held conversations with grace and fluidity, making the other person feel genuinely listened to and spoken with.
The King clasped a hand to Steve's shoulder and squeezed it slightly, in a reassuring gesture, before leaving Steve alone.
When he fucking first saw Steve goo-goo eyeing him at that speech, Tony took one glance and fell for him like a bag of bricks. Because that's Tony, right? He gets attached too fast and so intensely that it always comes back to bite him in the ass.
Tony puts a hand out and accepts the chip. Loud applause follows right after, in different paces, intermixed together to form a cacophony of palms slapping against each other to congratulate him on his successful endeavour.
Steve didn't speak a word in response, he just continued plundering Tony's mouth with his lips and tongue, savouring the taste of Tony's morning breath and partially himself from last night. He moaned into Tony's mouth, breathing heavily and hot into the genius's space as he claimed him for himself, his hands raking over Tony's body and squeezing so tightly that he was going to leave bruises everywhere on his body. Marking him. Claiming him. Showing the universe that Tony was his. Tony IS his.
THUD, POUND, CRASH!
Congratulatory applause falls in line, loud and raucous, in appreciation of Tony for his bravery and his tenure in AA. The applause lingers for a long, long time before dying out.
Yell.
In one single flick of his index finger, Steve slices the tape open and pulls out the cardboard sleeve of the box and empties the contents onto the table with a sudden jerk, impatiently.
Tony just sniggers at the comment before going back to his warm latte. He drags a long sip until he finishes it and settles the mug onto the table with a thud and wipes his mouth like a child.
"Yeah, okay. Bye. Good night."
What did Tony mean by that?
"Cut the bullshit, Steve. I know what's going on with you and Bucky."
Tony can't seem to cry anymore as he feels like his ducts have shut down forever.
Thank you for reading!
Despite its large size, the couple on the bed were cooped up in one corner, seemingly asleep soundly as one of them roused from his slumber and yawned delightfully. The other continued to snooze as his head rested on the chest of his love and his frame splayed out over his, limbs clutching the bigger man's frame. Both of them savoured the delicious contact of naked skin they felt against each other, breathing calm and unhindered into each other's space, like the other was oxygen.
It's absolutely empty.
A while later, Steve finds Natasha sprawled out on the couch, her legs on the table as she taps away at her phone.
He crumbled to the ground as he clutched the paper close, his whole body shuddering as he let out muffled sobs.
Tony peeks up.
Tony's imploring seems to set off something in Steve as he winces as if he's the one in pain.
"Tony, say something."
Steve kissed his way down the column of Tony's throat as he spoke before he reached the hollow of his throat and pressed his teeth there, nibbling at Tony's sensitive spot and laving his tongue over it, sending vibrations through Tony's body as he revelled in the aftershocks and continued his journey with his tongue, lips and teeth to worship every part of Tony's bust, lapping up everything that he followed, tracing over Tony's shoulders, the rise of his collarbones, the planes of his leaner chest and the lengthy scars of the arc reactor, the curves of his areolas and their perky nubs before he landed his face in the hollow of Tony's throat again. Steve placed a long lingering kiss, humming against Tony's skin in contentment.
But he can't help himself.
Further updates will be kind of scarce.
Steve hummed in response as his grip on Tony's waist got tighter and he pulled him into him closer, like it was possible.
Steve chuckles in response and he thinks his cock got harder inside Tony, courtesy to the genius's lusty ministrations. Each time he yanks Tony down on him, Steve hears Tony's delicious whines that intermingle with his kisses and licks through Steve's face, making Steve go hotter than before.
Steve knows he can't do this alone. He needs some help and frankly, Natasha has been his best friend at SHIELD ever since he started working there. They've been through thick and thin with each other for the last 4 years since the two of them got transferred together from California.
The billionaire just gasps under the soldier's ministrations and grips Steve's arms harder. He's panting now as Steve grinds him like a fucking mortar.
"You! You're what's wrong!"
"Tell me what?"
Tony grabs a giant tuft again and works through the gaping gash on Steve's stomach. It isn't very deep that it needs stitches but it definitely needs a bandage and dressing.
Steve feels like he's standing in a haunted mansion.
"Oh God, Cap, take me right now. Holy fuck!!! Mmmm oh my God, just take me. Make love to me, my soldier."
Tony still loves him. He fiercely did so, everyday and every minute and he fiercely does. His heart still refuses to believe the current turn of events and he wants to go back, he wants to go back and find Steve at home and hug him and kiss him and fall at his feet and apologize for leaving instead of fixing things. He wants Steve to make love to him like how he did before, tenderly and passionately as he whispered sweet nothings in his ear but this time it would be Tony's turn to whisper breathy apologies and declarations of love, telling him he's his and that he always will be, all the while he framed Steve's beautiful, chiseled face in between his palms and kissed away as their passion exploded in tumultuous amount.
Steve grits his teeth as his face resumes a fake calm.
"I'll come by tomorrow in the evening."
The twin glass doors slide open as silently as they could, revealing Tony's disarrayed haven, with pieces of tech scattered on the large tables and DUM-E attending on the side.
"Oh."
Still, Tony cannot hurt him, never could he do that. Neither physically nor emotionally. It's unsettling watching someone do that to another and have no sense of empathy or even remorse of the undue hurtful consequences of their actions towards the other person's feelings and emotions.
It used to eat him alive, but Steve always reassured him that he would never do such a thing and that he vowed to love and cherish Tony fiercely till the end of his days.
Steve laughed in a low voice as he cupped Tony's face with one hand and kissed him, long, languid and sweet, speaking in between breaths:
"Wha-what? Tony, what the he-"
He pulls the door handle and climbs into the driver's seat, readjusting the height and the rearview mirrors before revving the vehicle to life. His hands smooth over the steering wheel as the leather turns cold under his fingertips. With one last sigh, he releases the clutch, along with his inhibitions, and drives out onto the road.
"Say, how's Rhodey?"
Tony gasps as he places a hand over his chest, mockingly.
After a while, the machine dings and Tony pours himself a full, enriching mug. Steam rises from it in copious amounts, twirling and twisting within themselves before disappearing into the air.
"I love you, Tony."
"Good."
He quickly brushes his tears and starts the car, before reversing it onto the road and zooming out onto the street.
"My turn."
"I'm not telling Peter anything. He doesn't deserve to know this bullshit while he's at college."
Steve takes a while before he nods in response and hangs his head fully in defeat.
In one fluid motion, Steve yanks Tony's legs out and hooks his arms under the backside of his knees, eliciting such a nasty whine from the genius, Steve feels his cock pulse inside of Tony and he thinks he's leaking precum like a hose inside of him.
"And you're ready for me?"
His suit's torn in a few places where there were cuts and scrapes or maybe even a few wounds, all of that having healed with not a trace of their occurrence, thanks to the serum. The shield is perched in its leather straps, encompassing his aching back.
"I love you, Tony."
Tony realises his voice is laden with panic and flinches a little, feeling even more disgusted with himself at showing concern.
He casts all his thoughts to hell and steps to the door, unlocking the latches with multiple sharp clicks as he drags out his luggage onto the porch and locks the door, turning the key twice and hearing the loud clicks and bangs and turns of knobs or cogs.
Those lips have been on someone else.
______________________*_____________________
They stay like that for a long time untill Rhodey coaxes Tony into the house, as he grabs the keys out of the ignition and locks the car, following Tony slowly.
His voice is barely above a whisper and the soldier smiles at him before setting the glass onto the coffee table near by without getting up. His gaze returns to Tony who places a hand on his cheek. The soldier leans into the touch and places his own palm above the other man's hand, caressing his knuckles with a thumb. He turns his face slightly to place a kiss to the other man's palm, before returning it to where it was placed, still caressing it.
Tony rubs his own length against Steve's abs and he can feel the rugged undulated surface of them against him as Steve rams his prostrate with every move. Tony hugs Steve, linking his arms around the soldier's neck and he's biting down on Steve's beautiful shoulders, until he cums dry, in between their chests, right on Steve's beautiful golden skin.
I'm not going to fight for custody. I'm not doing that to Peter. I'm not going to force him to choose between us. As soon as he comes back for his semester break, we'll sort this out and figure something out ok?
"That seems to shut you up, huh?"
"Tony....."
"How'd you confirm?"
Steve trembles and shudders as his teeth chatter and toes tingle against the icy sensation. He's never liked the cold.
Tony catches hold of Steve's wrist and withdraws as soon as he feels the other man wince in pain.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Have you been having an affair for the last two years?"
"Tony, Tony, oh god I'm close... Mmmm"
Tony has just kept trying, persistently, to save whatever was left of his marriage.
Steve closes his eyes at his thoughts and rubs a hand over his face before exiting the bathroom.
He's cried enough for the past two years, every night, into his pillow, trying to convince himself that Steve loved him.
"How could you do this to me, Steve? How? Did you never ever think about me, not once? You said you'd love us forever, you said you'd never leave us, you said you'd never hurt us. You said you'd stand by us till "death do us part". Huh? Were we nothing to you? Were we just a lie to you? Is that all we were to you? Just a distraction from the loss of your old army buddy? Was I just a.... just some.... nothing?
Steve got used to it gradually as Tony just advised him not to pay attention at all. Being the sap he was, he just told Tony that all his attention was on him anyway, sending a hot blush down Tony's olive toned skin as he writhed under Steve's intent gaze.
Steve continued his lazy patterns along the expanse of skin beneath his fingers, tracing every inch with his fingertips, trying to map and memorize them, so that they stay engraved in his brain for eternity. He could feel it turn to gooseflesh, as was his own, whether in response to the cold morning air or the stimuli of skin upon skin, pressed flush against one another. A small shudder might have worked through him, eliciting a hum and a tighter grip in response.
Updates won't be very regular after this. I think I'm hitting a block but I promise I'll work through it :')
I'm sorry I'm dragging it out but oh my god, I'm so scared of making Tony confront Steve. Have some CarolTony fluff and witness Nat in action.
"You should've seen yourself passed out here. Could I photoshop into..... what do these kids call it.... uh, yes, ah! Could I photoshop you into a meme?"
"Tony, just say you're scared to pick up the phone. I know Steve is nothing like that and you're just finding reasons to not answer."
Bucky, envigored by Steve's permission, begins his ministrations and begins pumping himself full of Steve's hot length, as they both moan in unison.
Thud, pound, crash!
Rhodey jolts forward, almost sending Tony hurtling to the other side of the couch if he hadn't got up as soon as he saw the bewildered expression on his face.
"Talk to me, Tony."
"I love you too, Steve. Now, come on, fill me up. Mark me."
Their marriage was considered ideal by the public. They were much adored but also frowned upon by a few, claiming that it wouldn't last and naming Tony's old flirtatious habits as the reason.
"Damn Tones. To think that you went almost twenty years without a drink."
The man in question shifted a little, freeing his arms from beneath Steve's clavicles to rest it atop the vast expanse of his golden hued chest, his pinkies flicking the pert pink nubs of his nipples and hoisting himself up to his knees, before he stopped to lock his eyes with the brilliant baby blues eyeing him with so much ardor that it made his heart skip a beat. A beam of affection tugged at Tony's lips as he scooted forward to capture Steve's own in a tender, slow kiss that ended with a swipe of tongues against one another.
Tony remembers that same voice, whispering garbled nonsense in his ear, as the person it came from rocked on top of him that night in Clint's farm, when they confessed hidden emotions and bared themselves to each other right down to the bottom of their soul. It was one hell of a confusing day when the feelings of confusion and regret were high, but that one night seemed so right to Tony. The hot, vicious pleasure he felt bubbling through his every nerve ending, every fiber of his body as they passionately and devotedly made such furious love, which was long overdue. That night, Tony felt like he was finally blessed with something good after the horrible events that presided it, as he nuzzled into that comfortable neck and felt big, rippling arms envelop him protectively and hold him so close.
He dries his eyes and rubs his nose with the back of his palm to look at least somewhat decent. Screw that, he probably looks like bear shit, so he just huffs out a long breath and turns to look at the person outside.
Tony just unclicks the seatbelt and leans back.
The footsteps gets closer until Tony hears that disgusting, dreadful voice which once upon a time, set fire to his skin.
"Yeah. I'm just going to go to a meeting tomorrow and then I'll do it."
"I cannot blame him. I've tried to but I cannot. He was just a weapon. I have to make amends to both of you, especially him. I've drawn up a prototype for another arm and I'm willing to help in any other way possible. Therapy. Rehab. You name it. I'm willing to give us another chance and try again. Not only as teammates and Avengers. I still love you, Steven, and I always will."
"That's good, Tony. Anyway, I'll leave in a few. My lunch break is almost here."
The thing was, Tony was definitely Steve's type. He had an argument for every proposition, every idea where he'd twist it upon its head and present it from another point of view. Suffice to say, Steve loved it and he admired Tony's open mindedness. Tony also listened intently to Steve's own point of view on things and took it in consideration.
I love you. I love you and only you.
He remembers when him and Tony used to huddle in the winter months, curled up on the couch together sharing a blanket, their bodies completely intertwined and legs tangled together while something played on the TV. Tony used to rub his warm hands all over Steve's body, through the sweater he wore, as he nuzzled at Steve's neck and placed light kisses on the hollow of his throat, sending tingling sensations fluttering through Steve's body. Steve would wrap Tony up in his arms and press him close, trying to savour his touch and his body heat as he rested his head against Tony's, taking in the wonderful smell of his hair, which always smelled like berries.
Steve beamed at that, his love really knew how much he loved art and illustration.
There is a single handwritten entry on it, in a morph of scribble and calligraphy, spelling out: "Steve"
"Say, what's the time?"
"He reminds me of you, Steve."
Tony startles upward, almost hitting his head to the roof of the car when he hears a knock on the window.
"Would you like to say a few words?"
"How's Rh-?"
"Buck, I-"
I'm always here for you. For eternity.
Steve grips Tony's waist and swirls it around his sheathed length, like he's trying to churn Tony's velvet insides that feel so good for Steve, he'd probably die if he didn't have this. If he didn't have Tony.
He'll never be worth anything.
He guides his hand on Steve's body to give him support as he lifts himself up slightly, guiding himself closer and places a light kiss on the other man's lips. Steve returns the kiss with the same intensity, before placing a deeper one and sweeping his tongue inside the other man's mouth until the other man pulls apart and huffs a breath of relief.
Tony continued tinkering at whatever it was, his arms grabbing the tech and another looked like it was twirling a screwdriver or a wrench. Steve couldn't pay attention to whatever it was except for the do-er of the task. Tony's hips sashayed with each twist of his arm and that was all Steve could control himself before he stormed forward and wrapped himself around the mechanic's waist and pressed his lips into the nape of his neck with a long kiss.
"I want to bring you guys back first. T'Challa and I are already working on fixing the Accords. Ross blew a goddamn bomb when he got to know you freed everyone from the Raft like a little shit." Tony smirks at him, adoring his audacious Captain, who smirks in response, before continuing, "We contacted Selvig and Jane to try and contact Thor. I don't know how that's going to happen but…. Yeah, and we're scouring every single nook and cranny for Bruce. We're gonna fix this, Steve. I want to make this right."
"I just did."
Tony plops down on the couch and leans his head back, exhausted when he hears muffled sobs coming from the wall behind him.
Steve was roaming in the gardens of the Wakandan palace when he heard his kimoye bead beep, alerting him.
"Two years."
Tony's back is to him and he's wearing one of Steve's white gym tees that hung so loose around him, it looked like they were about to fall off his small frame. Coupled with that, he wore those beautiful azure form-fitting yoga pants which Steve loved. They accentuated those beautiful fucking legs of his and that taut peach of an ass..... Fucking marvelous, Steve grinned to himself.
"No, I'm ok. Thank you."
He closes his eyes, bunching the lids at their conjecture and heaves a sigh. He's exhausted. He's so terribly exhausted of this ordeal and everything it has entailed ever since he joined the Avengers. Maybe he shouldn't have. He shouldn't have even made it out of the bunker. Or the cave in the desert. He should have just died so that he wouldn't be burden like this to anyone.
Kudos and comments will be much appreciated if you like the story. Thank you!
And then he just cries.
"I could conceive because I had given up drinking. I took up my job better, because I stopped drinking. I watched my son grow up into this amazing human being because I stopped drinking. Little boy grew up and went off to MIT. I could experience all those joys.... because I stopped drinking."
Tony swallows the bile crawling up again and manages to get to his feet.
"I was not....."
Steve eyes flutter open as his body suddenly jerking into wakefulness.
My heart is yours now. Only yours.
Steve growled at Tony before he spat again into his cavern and after a few more ministrations of his thumb, the very symbol of all that was pure and good, plucked out his thumb, eyes hooded and locked onto Tony's, while looking like the very definition of sin, sucked on the appendage, smirking at the genius who frankly looked quite taken aback.
He runs a hand through his hair, smoothing the strands back and rubs his palms downwards, through the density of his face foliage when the elevator bell dings and the door opens to the penthouse and the super-soldier glances around, striding into the hall.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Nat, what's going on?"
"Honey, you okay?"
Complemented by his dirty brown blond hair, which is longer and unkempt now, looking like a hand is all that graced their length, the super-soldier looks wild, but he's still apple pie and hot cocoa, melting Tony's heart and his breath to hitch in his chest at the sight of this man.
"Good point."
"It's fine. He was pretty hammered from last night. Corporate parties and that nonsense, you know."
Tony just couldn't take it anymore and he stopped trying as well, deeming that he'd put in effort as well if he fucking wanted to. He remembers crying silently in their bed as he curled in on himself, clutching his knees close to his chest, letting out aching sobs that wracked through his body untill he slept, cry-hiccuping.
It had been almost a month since he wrote Tony that letter and sent him the burner phone. He never expected a reply and well, now that he did in fact get one, he was ecstatic and frankly, a little overwhelmed.
Kudos and comments are much appreciated!
Tony looks up at Steve and sees him staring at him, in part awe and part heartbreak. Those big bloody baby blues are glazed over and Tony tries so fucking hard not to look at that.
As if he's going to strut out now like this.
Steve goes down one floor to Tony's lab, thinking that Tony's passed out there on the couch or still awake, tinkering at some machine or running schematics for a new invention.
"By the time I was 23, I was married. That's when I decided to put a stop to it. That and also me coming home one night and throwing up on the carpet in front of guests. Well, they were Steve's friends so not so much as MY guests but, yea.... Cleaning that thing cost a fucking fortune, that thing was a Persian!"
"Stop! Don't say my name! Don't even dare utter those syllables from your mouth. I fucking hate myself more every time I hear your voice addressing me. That's the last thing I need right now, to hate myself more."
There's still space left, so Tony grabs whatever is his in the drawers and cabinets, scanning pin-pointedly, aiming to leave no trace of him at all. His watches, his box of souvenirs he's saved over the years, the grand collection of novels his mother got him when he was 15, his comics, his perfumes, everything. Every single thing Tony owns is scanned by him and placed into the bag. Even his toothbrush accompanies the baggage, despite still dripping wet.
"And, oh, uh, Steve. I know."
He just couldn't believe it, he was dazed into a stupor while his mind vehemently denied that his marriage is no longer sanguine. He remembers furious tears escaping his eyes, his stomach churning and making him hurl on the grass outside untill he fell to his knees and clutched the pavement.
"Tony, you're overreacting."
He just stands there, barely blinking or even moving as he slowly feels his breathing get more and more laboured and it feels like his lungs are burning with a raging vengeance, trying to consume him from the inside out.
It was from T'Challa.
It's his worst habit, Steve thinks. Staying up this late working himself to sleeplessness. Even though tomorrow is Sunday, Steve knows Tony is working more, trying to distract himself from Peter's absence.
"What?"
"Aieee, ohh, Steven Grant Rogers, you are going to be the death of me."
Tony tosses his head obliquely and crosses an arm over the other, in defense of his stance as Carol starts chuckling in unison with him.
Tony twirls the empty cup of coffee with one hand, as his fingers trace over the perforated brown sleeve, feeling the folded edges and dips in the felt.
He's trying to stand upright, but his efforts are slowly diminishing with the rising quake that radiate from the back of his knees to his hips, sending trembles in waves throughout his thighs and knees, urging his legs to buck and make him collapse onto the floor in a heap. His kneecaps feel like jelly and his feet feel like they are being pricked on needles, each tip digging slowly and painfully into every square inch of his skin, untill they become a very part of his anatomy. His legs urge to be ripped off, they no longer wish to suffer this plight and he can feel the loss of sensation slowly creeping up in them, tuning out feeling, which he hasn't been able to do.
They stayed like that for a long moment before Tony started trembling against the cold and they went back inside, while Steve carried up Tony by his waist and Tony rested his arms on the ex-Captain's back and another cradled with his hand, almost using him as an anchor for support, all the while keeping their gazes locked onto each other, beaming at each other.
"You stay here. I'll bring in your luggage from the car. And after that, we're gonna have a long movie night and a tonne load of food therapy, ok?"
"Go ahead, Buck."
"And after what I found out in that bunker, I realized I'm still last. Even to you. If you really did know me well, you'd know that I would have done everything in my power to help you find your friend. Sure, it would've taken me a while to consider it, but you knew Steve, you knew that I would have done ANYTHING for you. And this was long before Sokovia or the Accords. Long before, our team's situation was compromised.
That didn't stop others from doing so to Tony as they carelessly just used him and left. He bore it patiently, never wanting to seek answers or retribution, just simply accepting that it was how they were or that he was of no use beyond that. He was simply meant to be a utilitarian commodity for the needs and wants of others and for the occasional blue moon pleasure of one man.
"I understand why you did what you did and even though I don't agree, I forgive you Steve. I forgive both of you. I was angry and I just.... I don't hold grudges, that's not me but I cannot face Barnes right now. I need space. I need time to completely come to terms with everything that happened. I don't think I'm fully over it but I know I don't harbour resentment anymore."
It's been years since he's visited their graves. He's never had the strength to go through that again, to relive all the pain he's been bottling up inside for what feels like centuries. They were buried just an hour's drive from the compound, in compliance with his mother's wishes but Tony still couldn't go visit. When he was in Malibu, he had a definite reason but now….. now he just tries to put it off, to dismiss everything that was tied to his childhood with them and just go about his day.
Steve also learnt that Tony was the head of the R&D department and an expert engineer of Stark Industries. The young CEO had to bear the brunt of his parents' untimely demise and take up the mantle of being successor to their legacy. And he did it with such poise and grace that it made Steve fall for him all the more.
"Okay."
Their communication dropped drastically and so did the time they spent together. They never got much time together, their work life playing the major factor and when they did get time, Tony remembers snuggling up against Steve, the pair wrapped in warm blankets, watching TV as Peter watched in somewhat light disgust and minor adoration.
"Do you want me to intervene? I sure will, I'll shoot him and that homewrecker through the head. Do you want me to do that, Tones? I got the rifle and the bullets out."
So he just sits there and muffles his sobs and wails into the sleeves of his sweater, feeling utterly and truly helpless and...
The soldier didn't bother to respond as he continued to lay kisses all around the smaller man's nape and travel upwards, licking behind his ear and then nipping the earlobe with soft bites. He nuzzled his beard into Tony's shoulder, sending moans and gasps shooting out of the genius's mouth as Steve continued his god-awfully amazing ministrations.
Steve laughed at Tony's begging and began rocking Tony up and down his clothed cock, now having his hands on Tony's waist, fully supporting Tony's weight. It never mattered much to Steve anyway, Tony was adorably petite and some sinful part of Steve got off on that, repeatedly, as he lifted Tony like he was nothing and manhandled him to his liking, not that Tony ever complained.
Hell, he died to fucking see their end and to find out they survived after everything?
He glances at the notification:
Despite the hipster get up, there is no glint in his aquamarine eyes, they look tired and remorseful. Bags have formed under his eyes, a sign of sleepless nights, which even the serum could not heal and his whole body is hunched morosely.. A shell of what he was. Tony's heart clenches at the sight.
.....
He tried everything. EVERYTHING.
"Uhh, so first of, I would like to thank everyone here for supporting me. And for the coffee and the snacks. Martha, you keep whipping up batches of your coconutties and I will personally build you a bakery."
His body is given to someone else.
Steve smiles at the blinking camera perched on the diagonal wall and sets off his new "mission".
He's met with a flying vase, hurtling right towards him and it's impact stings right on his knee.
His heart wrenches with guilt and pain as he lets out a breathy sob. His crying gets more and more intense, making his shoulders wrack with the force and his hands to tremble in their unsteady grip; his legs have gone numb and feel like the liquid static of an untuned television set, like the drive took centuries for him.
Tony heaves a sigh and closes his eyes before sliding the answer call icon on the screen and bringing the phone to his ear.
"1:30"
Part of him might've wished that Tony did earlier but hey, he can't complain because Tony's not the one who walked out.
"Tony, are you alright?"
By the time, he reached his house, he was gasping and panting as he hunched forward and landed his palms on his knees for support. Drops of liquid fell from his body onto the pavement below and he couldn't wonder whether it was tears or sweat or snot.
"And I'm grateful that I did. I really am. I'm genuinely grateful for all of you who have been there with me since day one. Well, day two in my opinion because I don't remember shit from my first day here because I was IMMENSELY coked up."
He destroyed his relationship with Steve, countless times when he walked in drunk off his ass, not even remembering what happened.
"Captain, it appears you've got a reply to your message."
He takes a final right turn and brings the car to a halt, turning off the ignition, setting the gear stick to neutral and yanks the handbrake. He slowly releases his hold on the clutch and brake pedals, setting his feet in the gap between them.
Tony staggered forward under Steve's weight pressing into him and he dropped the screwdriver, leaning back into the warmth from behind him as electricity shot through his spine from the base of his neck, where he felt the soft skin pressing into him and the prickle of a beard against the sensitive skin of his neck and hands clutching him so fervently, turning his legs into jelly.
He looks at the band one more time and anger flares up in his chest. He wants to burn this goddamn thing and let it perish as he watches. Watches the flames burn fierce and cruel, singing the craphold this thing had on him, which was ineffective on the person who put it on him.
It was the case as long as Tony knew himself, ever since he began to grasp the concept of people and relationships, only to realise that machines were more predictable. More reliable.
"I love you too, Steve."
"Steve,
Steve's heart begins thudding in his chest as he brushes off his thoughts. He runs back to the room and picks up his phone to dial Tony's number and clutches the phone to his ear, desperate.
Steve smiles at the script, knowing exactly how Tony's handwriting wavers from beautiful calligraphy in his signatures to haphazard scribbling whenever he was working on something in his workshop and needed to jot the idea down or do math, which always flew over Steve's head.
He nods back at Carol before looking up to address the crowd as he sees the multitude of faces, some new and some old.
He throws himself over the bed and drags the blanket over, his whole body trembling.
"Will you ever let that go? That damn postman-"
Thank you for reading!
Good old James listened to every word Steve said and took it with great interest, sometimes asking a question here and there. It made Steve's heart swell with pride that there were people this patriotic even to this day.
"Speaking of, how's Maria and the kid?"
"Hey."
It hurt him. Every time it happened, it hurt him, like a knife stab or a sinking feeling in his belly, leaving a deep chasm behind in his chest that seemed to be never ending. It was probably of magnificent proportions by now, growing still and threatening to consume him one day because he was too foolish to assert his own needs for once. He was too stupid to stand up for himself.
Steve might've been a little too worried over the phone as he just rambled out at Tony. Tony seemed fine over the phone and he sounded like he was sleeping and frankly, was quite annoyed by Steve's disturbance.
Tony's eyes scan Steve's luscious golden skin, right from the tendrils of his neck to the perfect V of his hips, draped over cakes of beefy muscle, which Tony's accustomed to kneading and grabbing.
Tony clears his throat and settles the empty mug on the table before leaning forward and turning around back onto the couch, facing Rhodey.
Steve shudders at the sensation of going in raw into Bucky, sending goosebumps throughout his skin.
"I learnt from the best, Tones."
Seeing his best friend, Tony's lips tug upwards a little. Rhodes' offers one back, before his face falls back into a frown. His brows are knitted in concern and his jaw looks clenched. His whole form looks like it's on emergency mode and he urges Tony to get out of the car, with his thumb.
"What happened, bud? Who's there?"
The phone stops ringing with a last vibration. Rhodey peers over at Tony, unimpressed as Tony just grins apologetically.
Tony's just met with silence and a frozen Steve Rogers, who's still quaking with horror of what he did.
His machines wouldn't hurt him.
"You know I totally did."
"It's okay, I understand. It's quite beautiful up here."
He destroyed innocent lives for years as he just lost himself in drunken stupor.
Tony can clearly see the writing on it - and the first thing sees is the number 20, emboldened deep, circumferenced within a circle as the words 'One Day at a Time' surround it in lighter tone.
"I'm finally done platypus. I'm leaving him."
"No, I'm not going back to him. Hell, no! I think it's time. I'm going to end it. It's been long in the happening."
Tony's arms latched onto Steve's hair and he pulled the strands tightly, earning a low growl from the soldier as he continued plundering Tony's mouth with his, licking into his mouth with animalistic claim.
Good sex always made Steve snore, Tony chuckles to himself. He wonders how powerful he is over the serum to make a super-soldier snore and smiles to himself.
"Siberia was probably the biggest revelation for me and my actions justify that. You know about my relationship with my parents and how it's always affected me, right from the time I was a child. I lost my cool and reacted aggressively towards you and Barnes, because I was overcome by my PTS, which triggered me violently.
"Tony?"
"I missed you so much. I miss you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you, Tony. I love you so goddamn much. You're fucking perfect. You're mine. Only mine."
A myriad of emotions crash into Steve, mostly anger, hate and disgust, those ugly emotions are directed towards himself. He hates that he's putting Bucky through this and that he's such a fucking wuss that he can't even face Tony.
"And you.... mmph... mine."
______________________*______________________
Steve buttons his pants and pulls his shirt down. He smooths a hand over the fabric and readjusts his collar, picks up his jacket and perches it in the crook of his elbow before taking one last look at Bucky.
Peter got accepted into MIT, which made Tony so goddamn proud that he bought him his own car after years of using Tony's old one. He remembers Steve too showering all his love and congratulations onto their son.
He makes a cross with the needle across the wound as the thread drags the ends closer.
He makes no attempt to take notice of whoever it is who has entered. He can't seem to care. Or he's too scared to face the person. Or he's too angry. Or he's too upset. Whatever it may be, he doesn't want to look in their direction or even give them slightest semblance of acknowledgement.
He manages to collect at least 94% of the shattered remains. The smaller bits he swipes with a piece of bread and tosses it in with the rest. Jarvis and Ana taught him a few tricks when he'd mess up when his parents weren't home.
Five blocks later, Tony saw the car again, parked in the same driveway. He glanced up at the same familiar duplex house.
Steve huffs a sigh of relief before returning his phone to the drawer and wrapping himself up in the double blanket.
Tony hissed as the cool air of the lab grazed the skin of his butt and he bit his lips in anticipation, the sensation sending pulses through his spine.
Steve's point of view of his past with Tony, their relationship and their familial life until it came crashing down.
Steve walks around the garden and unlocks his car, before getting into it and almost slamming the door shut.
"I love you too, Buck."
Tony cries out into Rhodes shoulder, wetting the fabric with his hot, salty tears interspersing his sobs with occasional deep breaths.
"I love that kid. He's got a lot of heart."
Tony just shuffles around and wraps the blanket tight. He's terrified of confronting Steve. He'd fight the whole goddamn world but he would never fight Steve. Never.
"I wish you good luck, Captain."
Thank God for Rhodey teaching him all these tricks in junior high.
Steve hears that voice and feels his heart constrict in joy. A whole two weeks without hearing that beautiful deep voice, it's notes  layered with the emotion of concern with practically no effort from the speaker. He's missed it. God, he's missed it so much.
Tony just huffs out a sigh and stifles a sniffle. Disgust crawls through him as he realizes he's here, patching up the man who fucking broke him to pieces. He hates himself so much right now.
"Oh....."
Tony meticulously cleans up the wound and applies a tube of ointment on the small cuts and bandaids to the slightly bigger ones, like the ones on Steve's back.
"Nat, wha-"
"I love you, Tony."
"Oh God, Tones. Do you have to be this dramatic?"
"And now, twenty years later, I've gone every single day without a drink or having the police escort me to my house.... Or a jail cell. Ugh! Those things were filthy."
People who stepped on him, people who used him for whatever they saw fit and then tossed him aside, people who demeaned him to the point of crushing whatever pint of self-confidence he had, people who kept prying into his life like they had the right to....
"Go brush your teeth. I got us croissants."
Hi! I know it's been really long and I'm sorry for the hiatus. This fic kinda stressed me out because this shit physically hurt me lol (yea I'm obsessed with Stony and I can't bear to see them hurt)
Tony just goes silent for a while as he stares into space with Rhodey looking over cautiously.
Steve tries recalling the conversation and hits the end:
"Ah, well."
"Tones, you could've picked it up and told him you're at my place."
"Tones, I think you need to confront him. We need to get this over with. You've borne this for what, three years almost? And that's just for how long you know. God knows how long that rat bastard's been keeping this from you."
Who would ever even guess that all of this would come crashing down like a pyramid of wine glasses, the pure crystal of their relationship to get tainted and turn black?
Steve can feel his climax inching closer and closer. Tony's whines accelerate it until he can feel nimble hands on his chest and Tony's fingers are at his nipples. Tony twists those delicious pink buds, twirling and pressuring because he knows Steve fucking loves getting his tits worshipped even when he's fucking the daylights out of Tony.
He gets out of bed and pulls on a shirt before trudging over to the door and opening it, to reveal a poker-faced Natasha.
He'll never be worth anyone.
Steve just sighs in defeat as he grumbles out.
"Try me, Stank."
Steve washes up and brushes his teeth. He throws off his clothes, leaving only his boxers on and glances at his reflection in the mirror.
Tony turns around to look at him, towering above him as he stands there, shirtless, rubbing a towel through his long blonde hair as another lies precariously on his waist, disclosing what he's seen already.
"I've got your toys and they're safe. I hope you guys stay safe too. I wish you and the rest of them good luck.
It shows him Peter. His kid. His kid who's always looked up at Steve as his hero, averting his eyes from Steve as he backs away from him. Peter's always been discreet with his emotions but now, now he just breaks down and tells Steve to leave.
His voice comes out like a croak and he coughs a little to fight off the plaque on his cords.
Tony springs to his feet and pushes the door open.
"I'm sorry. I'm over at Rhodey's. He's sick so I thought I'd stay with him."
Steve doesn't fight the thoughts. He lets them run, wild and untethered as they rake nails and jab daggers into every fiber of his being.
"I don't know what's going on in your marital life. I don't know what Tony is like with you but seeing him like that could break anyone. And what's better is that he'd break because of you.
Steve's phone buzzes:
"No silly, it's Monday. You have to go to work today."
He wonders if it's Tony.
.....
"You're daaaaaammmnnn, oh god, fucking right I do, Jesus, Steve, don't stop, please, my God.... Unnnhhhh."
"What the hell have you been doing with your life?"
"Aren't you going to leave?"
I didn't even know about this affair until a few months. Honest to god, I never expected it. No word of it came out to the press and neither did you tell me. I fucking wanted to see how long you'd keep this garbage act up until you keened. But, I guess even you can act, Steve.
Then it morphs into a horrifying rage.
"Is it Saturday?"
"The things I do for love. Pathetic."
I spent so many days wondering where I went wrong for you to not even look at me properly, not even when we made love. I'd hate myself for it, hate myself so much that I fucking wanted a drink so bad. I craved that burn and that loss of cognition, so eagerly because I needed to take my mind off of you.... you, who'd always helped me take my mind off of everything. I just.... I...."
The ceiling was a pure sky azure, it's simple hue - calm and matchless, dotted with white tufts as if to resemble the morning sky with a menagerie of clouds floating by. The image looked so real as if from a mural of a Renaissance painting but the man who was awake and doting at it with a soft, content smile on his lips, knew the truth. Despite being a simulation, the image he saw looked like a work of art more than reality, it's hues resembling the pastel colours he uses to paint.
"I'll be there ASAP, Tony. Don't worry."
At one point during his instatement speech, Steve was lost looking at Tony, trying to absorb as much as he said but he ended up staring at his face and his hands- their animated movement trying to bring out whatever he was speaking about to life - their movements, beautiful and fluid.
A rather effed up situation.
Steve glances at the clock: 12:00
She releases her death grip as Tony gasps a bit, looking at him being unnecessarily dramatic.
Anger coursed through him like magma and when Tony took a round of the house, he caught sight of the horror through the unshaded window.
Tony begins his ministrations with the needle.....
Tony just rolls up his shirt sleeves and gets the broom and dustbox from the back of the kitchen.
I'll be bringing in more characters. I'm not sure how but I will work on it.
The phone starts ringing again and Rhodey glances at it, clicking his tongue in an understanding gesture.
A sharp jab to his jaw rouses the other man as he blinks a few times, adjusting his vision, before he looks down at Tony who's practically on top of him, wrapped up in a blanket and wriggling around, like a caterpillar.
Tony just shoots him a look of defiance before continuing.
Tony hearing this from the other side of the wall. His walls have been soundproof but this din is so GODDAMN loud that it's heard through a five foot thick wall.
Tony doesn't know what he's done to ever deserve someone like Rhodey in his life. Ever since they became the most unlikely of friends at MIT, they've got each others back, from living an exciting and adrenaline pumped life at university by breaking rules and jumping walls up until now. Tony supported Rhodey completely in joining the Army after college and Rhodey and Pepper were the ones who held Tony together after his parents' death. They stood by guiding Tony throughout his grief and his responsibilities as the new CEO of Stark Industries, right till today, when he revolutionised the company by changing it's entire line of production, from weapons manufacturing to technological advancements and green energy, which shellshocked the investors and the stock market. They've been exemplary of a constant in his life and he always had and always will hold them in high esteem. He loves them so much, even more than he does Steve. Tony knows that he'll be able to push through this with them by his side. All he needs to do is confront Steve. That's it. And end it.
The mention of Peter elicits a small chuckle from Steve, who recalls the fight between him and the kid. He absolutely adores him and is happy that Tony is now mentoring someone personally, like how he did Wanda and the rest of the team, side by side with Nat.
Well, he thinks he does.
"Holy fuck, Steve, stop teasing and just take me."
"Easy work, Cap", Tony teased as Steve smiled so heartwarmingly that it kind of put Tony to shame at his debaucherous behaviour.
Tony feels like that's a lie and his parched throat proves it. He clears it before swallowing a bit to lubricate the dry walls and resume talking.
"Two years."
Fear grips Steve with iron claws that dig into his spine, thinking of Tony and having to break the news to him.
A few years later, they had Peter, who was the blessing they were too grateful for. Steve felt like his life was complete, he had an amazing husband and a beautiful child of their own. Their own little bundle of joy who was going to be loved and cared for fiercely.
Can you do that, Steven? Can you fucking do that much for me?"
It's been a long mission, a stakeout with Nat and Sam for almost two week as they stalked the Hydra base for any intel on what Fury tipped them off. They might've caught a few trucks entering and exiting. They might've intercepted the same and knocked out everyone on it. They probably also trashed the entire base and everything in it.
Tony nods in response, trying to grace the comment with a smile but ends up with a hybrid grimace of sorts.
They stay like that for a while, Steve not having the bone to look at Tony and Tony not having the courage to look anywhere else but at Steve.
"I love you."
Thank you for reading! I'll try and update as regularly as I can. I'll also inform you how I'm going to split this series.
He gives no answer to the call and just stares at the surprised face looking down at him.
Steve knows Tony misses Peter, just as he does but he's always different at expressing his worry or concern, pampering Peter with new stuff or a new black amex card, which always kind of set of Steve.
The weight of Tony's actions finally hit him like a bullet train. He rubs the balls of his palm into his wet, aching eyes and licks his lips. He grips the steering wheel hard and leans forward, to rest his head in between his hands as the gravitas of the situation settles on him. I did the right thing, Tony's brain supplies, cajoling him but his heart pangs at the thought of whatever he saw today and how he reacted.
Tony felt Steve explode in his mouth, as a throaty, gaspy groan escaping the soldier. Salty waves that unloaded in his orifice as he wrapped his mouth tighter around Steve's pulsating length, swallowing every single drop of his husband's spend, diligently. Tony knew he'd be here for a while, for Steve always came an amazing lot and he's just happy here seeing Steve slowly get down from his orgasmic high being of service to him. Tony noises a pop as he releases Steve's softer cock from his mouth when he feels the last pulse of cum and wipes his mouth off it. Tony's expression crosses from bliss to concern - Steve's eyes are dropped low and his breathing is still rapid. It always feels like Steve never fully got rid of his asthma, his breathing hitches or he looks like he's about to hyperventilate but he always reassures Tony he's fine. Tony places his one free hand right above Steve's heart, which Steve encompasses with his own and he can feel Steve's rabbit-speed pulse thundering in his chest. Tony soothes Steve by rubbing gentle circles and massaging the area right above Steve's heart in an attempt to calm him down. Steve reciprocates and evens out his breathing, focusing on the warmth of Tony's hand and relaxes.
Tony gulps the rest of his coffee in one long gulp before setting the mug down, grabbing his keys from the table before he glances at Steve and slams the door on his way out.
Rage boils over in Tony and he doesn't know what he's gonna do if he
It was only people who
Tony taps out at Carol's shoulder and manages to squeeze out: "Spaceface, you're choking me."
And it was all Steve's fault.
Well, they were horribly wrong.
The house feels empty, barren almost. To better describe it, it looks like the house has been possessed.
"Ever since I was little, I was always last to be considered. By my parents. By my "friends". By everyone frankly. I was always considered last, and, after I met you and we got hitched, well, I was sceptical of dissimilar treatment. Untill after a while, I thought that okay, someone might finally think I was valid to them. Like, for once, someone has accepted me. And you know, after aeons of fighting against the world, I was happy that someone did. I felt glad that I found it in the most unusual place and that made it all the more better.
"For two whole years, you gave into your vices and desires. Do you know who I could turn to Steve? Do you think I'd want to turn to it again, after everything I've gone through?"
Tony hears his phone ping and checks it to see it's two texts from Peter. He opens it with Steve as they read it in unison.
A long pause drawn out for a few seconds before Tony dropped the words, so eerily on Steve, an air of smug disdain in his tone.
Maybe Steve is going to scream.
Before Steve knew it, he raced back to the palace, feed thudding and heart pounding as he ran up stairs and through hallways to reach the King's private audience hall which was in the far northeast wing.
He looks back at the holoprojection of the King, who looks rather amused, and:
Rhodey snores a little more, eliciting a chuckle from Tony one more time as he snaps another photo and goes to place the phone on the table, when he feels the buzzing vibrations in his hand.
"Tones, I thought you told him."
And then he starts oscillating between the two.
Rhodey pulls Tony into a tight hug and keeps him there for a long, long minute.
The King whooped around to look at Steve before giving him a small smirk and handing him the box, which had FEDEX tapes wrapped around it.
A vicious part of Tony expects to hear another set of footsteps, having taking advantage in lieu of his temporary absence.
Tony willingly complied, though he was upset at the loss of contact and leaned forward, legs still wrapped around Steve's thighs and then felt his pants being pulled down, slowly.... God, Steve was one hell of a tease.
He did and he is living through that. He always will. He's Tony Stark. Pain and rejection have been a companion in his journey, right from the start.
He grabs the remainder of his items and shoves it in a duffel, and triple checks if he's got everything he needs. He grabs his keys from the hook and checks his pockets for his phone, his wallet, his cards, yep, well I'm done.
(See the end of the chapter for
He lifts out racks of his clothes from the cupboard and haphazardly tucks it in. He grabs a few more handfuls - his t-shirts, his pants, the dress shirts he owns, his underwear and his tank tops all thrown in one pile. He smooths down the fabric lump and tucks and squeezes and fits as much as he can into the carriage before he throws open another one and tosses the remaining clothes in it, similarly.
Two chapters in a day????? Whaaaaaaaat? I can't believe it either but here you go. Thank you so much to everyone who's been reading and leaving comments, I love you guys!
"Holy hell, Cap. Hi, oh.... oh my God, Steve. Mmmmmm fuck...."
As if I have anything to celebrate.
He looks around this false life he had built with another, with contempt and disgust. He grabs the two bags after slinging the duffel on his shoulder and drags them out to the front door, unapologetically knocking a few things over on the way.
"So, for two years, you've been lying and sneaking and telling me and our son that you've got business meetings and urgent conferences when you've been banging your fucking army ex five blocks from the house?"
Tony groped, worshipped and kissed his way across Steve's chest, feeling the soft small hairs grazing his palm as they roamed gently and massagingly. He worshipped the muscled mounds, sucking on those beautiful pink nipples or pinching them between the rolling movements of his deft fingers. Steve was a gasping, quaking mess, his chest was always sensitive but his nipples even more so and Tony was being so lovingly rough with them, Steve could feel his own cock harden and leak in between shockwaves that coursed through his body. He bit down on his fist, while the other was latched as tight as possible in Tony's hair, guiding or pressing his head further. Steve could feel Tony smirk against his skin.
"Thanks, Nat."
And another.
The world only sees Tony Stark as an arrogant, vain CEO who's probably got a stone in place of his heart, or worse, just a void.
Tony bolts out before Steve could say anything and hits up Bruce.
He clicks open the latches and grabs a big tuft of cotton and soaks it in spirit.
A thought comes to Tony as he picks up the phone and rebukes the other end in his most media-friendly derogatory voice:
Tony throws the phone on the table as the ringing continues and jabs at Rhodey's jaw. He shakes his shoulders vigorously and slaps the sleeping man's chest, all the while calling his name.
"Hey, Bruce. I need a favour..."
"Gladly so, Mr. Stark."
"Sounds good", Tony says beaming a hearty smile at his best friend.
As soon as he reaches the room, Tony just plops down on the bed and throws the blanket open, smoothing it out fully before throwing another one on himself.
"You know, I didn't want to believe it when I saw it. I couldn't fucking believe that this was the truth. This was why you barely saw me, barely stayed at home or even gave me attention because you were off getting your rocks on with someone else. I just hurled onto the ground and collapsed before I had to come home, running like a rabid dog and take my medication so that I don't pass out from my arrhythmia. Did you even notice that I took all my things and left? Did you even bother looking into anything? Honestly, Steve do you even care about us? Do you?"
"Oh, okay. How's Rhodey?"
Tony whined out as Steve buried himself fully and completely lost his voice, only emitting garbled noises interspersed with a string of curse words and chants of Steve's name from his lips.
"Thanks, Carol."
"Anyway, I'm gonna leave okay. See you around, shellhead."
Tony pushes Steve back onto the cold floor and lies on top of him, his head resting on the broad expanse of Steve's chest. Steve's arms have encircled Tony fully and he's latched on pretty tight, like he's going to lose him. He traces a few curves and lazy patterns through the light blonde hair, occasionally kissing the skin beneath him. Steve's still inside him, locking himself in there and Tony feels another wave pulse through his spine feeling so fucking hot at the thought.
Tony leaned over and palmed the soldier's massive erection through his briefs, rubbing a thumb over the pulsating length. He grabbed the girth and jerked Steve through the cloth, sounding off a moan from him. Grabbing the waistband by his pinkies, Tony pulled down the poor briefs, slowly and excruciatingly, deigning to set the aching cock free.
Tony just huffs out a sigh and sits up, still wrapped comfortably.
"Carol, first of all, I'm incredibly pissed with the both of you for hiding this from me. FROM ME! Secondly, I'm going to go ask platypus myself about this."
"Annulment of Matrimony".
Silence.
The plea is intermingled with deep, loud sobs and sniffles that bring forth more tears from Tony's face. He's biting his lip to suppress a sob and clutching the curtain even harder. His effort slips eventually and he lets out a faint huff of pain from the depths of his throat and collapses to the floor, knees making first contact followed by his palms. He wheezes audibly and coughs raucously, his head thrumming with each breath of air.
"Really, Buck? You asking me that?"
"Later, spaceface."
Steve flipped over the sheet to reveal the signature below a long script below a heading in cursive font:
He fumbles around in the dark to find the switchboard and turns on the lights, blinking against it.
His eyes have gone back to adoring the beautiful scenery outside the window. The gently undulating lawns are dotted with beautiful trees and bushes, scattered in a myriad of directions. The river flows by quietly beside them, it's swirling path reflecting the grey-white clouds that roll above. They loom large and erumpent, full of water and ice, their bows and dips forming creative curves and figures. He loved cloud-gazing, it was such a beautiful sight to make sense or recognition of the irregular forms that floated across the sky. The sunlight comes from the other direction, it's soft yellow illuminating the view with its evening glow. He adores the scene and forgets the person come to meet him. They may have even gone by now for all he knows. He's engrossed in the view, watching with rapt attention, taking in every single pixel of the landscape and it's breathtaking beauty. It distracts him from the beckoning of the amber liquids and the weight of his self destructive tendencies looming large.
Steve simply looks on at her as she lowers her legs onto the floor and rests her elbows over her knees.
He couldn't believe that Tony wrote back to him. He just couldn't.
"Thank you, Tony."
I left. I left him. Oh God, oh God I left him.
Tony shifts closer, using his knees, to the soldier, a few inches away from his visage, their hands still locked, and continues speaking.
Deep breaths, Tony. Deep.... deep breaths.
Tony broke his home.
Steve set the box down on the table in front of him and stared at in blind awe.
Aaaaaaand.... he's done.
Steve's reaction made Rhodey lose all colour from him face as his eyes widened and jaw loosen. In the end, he clamped Steve's shoulder and wished him good luck with somewhat of an apologetic smile and took his leave, hugging Tony.
He wraps a big gauze pad across Steve's stomach after putting some antiseptic on the wound and a fat glob of ointment on it.
He glances at the clock for a while to interpret the positioning of the handles.
Tony closed the distance between them and pressed his tender lips against Steve, while he placed a hand on his cheek and caressed the slight stubble there.
The man comes forward and kneels down in front of him, to assess the situation. He hurriedly runs and returns with a glass of water and holds it up to his lips.
Tony just draws in a sharp breath before continuing.
He can't do anything else because he feels so helpless.
"Tony, I still love you."
God, I hope I'm doing this shit right.
The twenty years flash by him, right from the start.
As the door slams behind him, it's crack echoing through the hall, somewhat resonating with the white noise going on inside his head, Tony freezes.
His body is soaked with perspiration and there are cuts and nicks, everywhere on his built frame but there's one particular large gash running across his stomach, diagonally. Blood oozes from it in tiny rivulets and Tony glances up at the piece of glass lodged right in Steve's sternum, jutting out menacingly.
"Congratulations, Mr. Stark. And most importantly, we thank you for supporting yourself and us by taking part in the program."
A small smile creeps up on Steve's face at the thought and he turns to his right to see a figure who's face is covered by locks of sweaty hair sprawled out on the bed, next to him.
He'd fucking babble about you. He'd rant to whoever was around him about how you're going to leave him because he's a fucking mess and that he doesn't deserve someone like you. Sometimes, when Pepper was around, he'd fucking break down and complain that he was ruining everything he built with you because he couldn't stop drinking. He gave it up for you, Steve and he went to therapy for you.
Steve talked at great length of the trials and travails of his squadron as they had to manoeuvre through the rough terrains of Iraq. He gave him some advice about surviving camp and fighting with the other soldiers for basic amenities in the barracks. He especially remembered his best friend, Bucky and recalled the great fun they had during the war, over a pint or two of beer or over a game of cards.
"Please tell me how long this has been happening."
Steve's eyes open wide as he gawks at an angry Natasha, her hands crossed stiffly over her chest..... How obvious have the two of them been?
"You're going to go back tomorrow evening?"
Tony and Steve look at each others faces before bursting out in laughter as their arms clasp each other close at the waist. Their bodies resonate in unison with the loud vibrations of laughter which conclude in happy tears and adoration for their little Spider-boy.
Tony closes his eyes as two rivulets drop down towards his temples
They fall into silence again, comfortable and warm, until Rhodey speaks up:
Tony just cries.
The man draws in a shaky breath and continues.
Steve regards her with a petulant smile before taking a long hit of coffee and biting down on the croissant satisfyingly.
Because he was selfish.
Tony was a moaning mess by the end of Steve's possessive touches, of his lips, of his hands roaming the expanse of his back and squeezing his ass cheeks as he lay on top of him, squirming on him and grinding his rock-hard, cloth-confined dick onto Steve's abdomen, rocking it forward onto the crevices of his toned abs. Tony's own hands came to grip Steve's long, golden hair and ended up yanking his head back, attacking the golden skin there, leaving marks that would disappear soon. Tony got fiercer, sinking teeth into Steve, making him cry out in ecstasy. Tony knew he liked it because he was gripping his back and raking nails through his skin, his words reduced to gasps and a chant of Tony's name from his mouth.
Two more.
He opens the door of his room, as slow as he could, to avoid creaking and he tiptoes inside going straight into the bathroom.
That was all it took for Steve to wait out till every guest left, leaving behind only Tony and a few of his friends.
She saunters over inside before placing the bag she brought on the dining table and glances a look at Steve, hand placed on her hip as she regards him with disdain.
God, I missed him.
Steve's eyes were locked on Tony as he spoke, which hitched something in Tony who gazed at him for a moment.
The robot turns and almost starts to whirr in excitement but Steve just shushes it with a finger and it stops.
The other man's raised brows drop down before he glances at the clock again while settling back into his pillow and throwing an arm onto his forehead.
"I love you too, Steve."
Steve nods in response and presses a kiss to Tony's palm which was on his cheek and holds his hand with both of his, clutching them close to his chest. His heart is thumping now, he's elated that Tony's forgiven both of them but he understands his need for space. Steve will always respect Tony's wishes, no matter what.
"I hate that I made you scared of me, Tony. I hate that you flinch now when you see me or even hear my name. I promised to protect you forever and I... I'm sorry Tony. I....I was just upset ever since London and.... I'm terribly sorry I hate that you probably now hate me now and it's all my fault because I'm a coward and a horrible person to you. I don't expect you to ever forgive me and I won't force it upon you. I just want another chance, Tony. I want.. please. Please!"
"That's all the time we have for today. Thank you for sharing!"
4:30 p.m.
Because he didn't care enough about Steve and Peter.
Steve would always coddle Tony with kisses or hugs whenever he felt like this or he would plop Tony down in his lap, as he ran his big, beautiful hands all over Tony's body, licking into him so seductively it would send fireballs shooting through Tony's spine.
"I love you too, Steve. I missed you."
Tony beamed back at Steve, who's breath hitched in his throat every time he saw those big brown orbs constrict and happy wrinkles fall on Tony's face.
He begrudgingly takes a sip of the piping hot decoction, ignoring the burn of it on his tongue and down his throat, as he glares out into the orange hue of the evening sky, through the balcony window.
"Hey, Tony. When did you come?"
He destroyed his home.
Thank you for reading!
"Listen here, Steve. I don't know what the fuck is going on with you and Tony. I know it's been fucking two years since this crap started. And, I really hoped you were a better man than what you appeared."
"Yeah, I came home late, like how he fucking does and the little bitch had the audacity to question me."
Steve's managed to trash all the ornamental china and glassware they owned. Even the fucking vase he tossed at him. Luckily, it didn't shatter but if Pepper found out that her gift was used as a launch missile, she'd rip Tony a new one.
He peels the cotton back and rubs it again with a fresh tuft of wet spirit and that's probably when Steve winces for the first time.
"Oh, come on, Tones. I'm just wishing you is all."
Now he doesn't know anymore.
"Really, Steve. You're asking me that???"
They went on multiple dates, over the span of eight months, evoking reactions of varied degrees from the public. Steve knew the camera was always on Tony, being an heir he was. The headlines of newspapers were always about them whenever they were spotted outside, either having a meal together or strolling by, hands intertwined with each other, with big red letters trying to drive the public to decode their relationship status or what not.
That elicits a loud chuckle from Tony, his body vibrating through the blanket and rumbling within Rhodey. The chuckle gets louder and louder until Tony's practically laughing at the comment, welling happy tears in the crook of his eyes.
Tony's head perks up slowly, grimacing at Rhodey, as the wet tear stains pool at the hollow of his eyes. He manages to give it a small smirk which Rhodey returns, with no sympathy or pity in his features, just soft adoration, which soothes Tony, knowing that even if the world turns against him, he's got Rhodey and Pepper with him.
A bold purple with fleckles of gold adorned the walls, the light making the wall shimmer wonderfully against it. The furniture in the room was simple but elegant, all wooden and curated - a simple table and two wooden chairs along one wall. A big couch on the other end, flanked by two recliner facing each other with nothing but a magnificent Persian carpet in between them. The bed was huge, it's every inch crafted from pristine rosewood in simple design and lovely curves.
