The man shrugged and cracked his gum without much concern, looking around like he was inviting people to come and get him. “Seems like they're a little busy.” Moriarty grinned wickedly, “The game begins again, I'd love to stay and chat more...but I have a previous engagement.” He winked as he released the talk button.
The blonde man continued to stretch, mostly to appease Irene. As much as he wanted to join in...he knew he didn't need to practice. Pole dancing was one thing John had become very good at in his years of service. It had become his escape...his brief moment where he had power over his life again, where he had control. And he
All thoughts ground to a halt when he felt slick fingers trace between his ass cheeks. John gasped softly and his hips rolled up to better spread himself for the man he trusted implicitly over him. Sherlock watched him, carefully slicking John in preparation. It was tender and it was…more than John could have hoped for. It was this thoughtfulness from Sherlock that was still unexpected for John.
With much fear and trepidation, he turned back down the long hall and stared blindly into the gloom. What he wouldn't give for some sort of emergency light, all he could make out were shapes and shadows...barely a few feet away at that. He took a deep, terrified, breath...crouching low against the wall as he started to creep back the way he'd come. Every noise made him jump and every flickering shadow made him freeze. The going back was much slower than his hurried exit, wary of the creatures he might have drawn in with his frenzied running.
Irene's hand left his neck as she straightened to resume her teaching, but she made a pleasant noise of surprise instead. “Well, you must be the new recruit...
She always did those things...touched him so kindly and spoke to him so smoothly. She had always looked after John as best as she could and John had always responded to her kindness before. But her touch was...different...it wasn't unpleasant or unwelcome, but it wasn't soothing to John as it had always been in the past. Her words...didn't make him feel better. But the blonde man forced himself to offer his expected response. Forced himself to look up gratefully into her placid eyes and perfect face and offer a small nod. He didn't want her to see his decimated emotions or his uncertainty. So he closed his eyes and let her pull his face gently into her soft abdomen, stroking her fingers in his hair as he just breathed calmly and tried to find that same soothing presence Irene had offered before.
The shuddering SCP felt his bones turn to pure acid as the next charge raced through his rigid body. A scream caught in his throat, trapped behind paralysed muscles which would force nothing past his throat. Pure agony gripped him as his heart raced erratically in his chest. Every painful beat a little faster than the last, until it stuttered to a halt. The pain was gone in an instant...and so was the world. It was all snuffed out with the suddenness of a candle being blown out.
The blonde SCP felt his back connect with a wall and a squeaked whimper fell from his lips, he was going to die. He didn't want to die. Sure, he'd come back, again, but that didn't mean he liked being killed over and over again! A sob of pure misery hitched in his chest, barely contained as the paperclip fell from painful, shaking, fingers. The deer man was almost upon, he could smell fire and spice as he closed his eyes and desperately hoped the creature would make it quick. A beeping to his right made the SCP groan, another thing was coming to join in the soon-to-be-feast! His body convulsed with fright and anticipation, waiting to feel the drag of claws or teeth. He wasn't unfamiliar to either, which only increased his anxiety about the coming pain.
I'm so sorry that I haven't updated in an age! I really was very busy with getting my life back on track! I'm sorry that you were waiting so long and that you were dying a bit to know what was going to happen! I'm sorry! I love you all so very much and I promise I will get this story out...if only little pieces at a time! I swear I won't leave it without an end. You're all very lovely people and I'm sorry you have to put up with a loser like me. But thank you for doing it and you're all lovely and amazing! Here is a little tiny update to keep you appeased while I get back into the swing of things! Love you darlings! Enjoy or don't! <3
For several long seconds, neither moved. Then, much to the blonde man's shock, Sherlock's ears drooped and he stepped away with a moody glare. Seemingly appeased, the SCP's saviour turned to him. He was middle aged with a hardened, but kind, face. His hair was a silver-grey in the dimness of the room, he was stout and clearly more than capable of handling himself in such a terrible hellhole. His hazel eyes were full of concern as he locked eyes with the blonde SCP, making him look away from the creature that was glaring at them.
John dabbed his tongue at this lips as he rolled over and pressed his back to the pole, slowly working his way back to his feet, his hands travelling over his body before they arched over his head to wrap around the pole. His hips twisting in the most suggestive manner. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back with a breathy moan. Turning and looping one leg around the pole before shooting Sherlock yet another saucy glance over his shoulder. Appreciating the way his Adam’s apple bobbed as the dark haired man swallowed.
“Just in time...” He ground out roughly and motioned Sherlock to sit, “We were just getting to the good part of the meeting.” The detective slowly sat, hearing faint chuckles from the dark shadows in the room. “Now, love...” He growled as he wrenched the blonde man's head back sharply, “Go introduce yourself
The taller man smirked as he broke the kiss, he knew John was ready and waiting. He knew John was desperate to have him. He gave John’s cock one gentle stroke, a promise that this would be good…this would be exactly what he needed. John shivered, nodding silently to the unspoken question. He wanted it…and he was ready.
A red light over the main door began to flash, giving SCP-9340 his only indication that his fears of a breach were right. In a few seconds the black steel shields, installed for just such an unlikely scenario, would descend over his glass walls and his chamber would be pumped full of various nerve gases, previously tested to ensure he would stay 'dead' for at least twelve hours. He took a few deep breaths to calm himself, fully aware of the pain he would feel before he would die. However, the shields did not descend...instead the lights flickered out with a horrible sort of finality, leaving SCP-9340 stranded in the darkness of his silent containment cell.
Sherlock smiled slowly as he carefully climbed onto the bed. “You’re gorgeous.” He breathed, leaning over John’s body to press a soft kiss to his lips.
Was all SCP-9340 could say as he stared into the deadly predatory eyes, waiting for the creature to pounce and end him.
As he often did, John was once again staring into the mirror of his vanity. This time he was examining the bruising on the side of his face and around his eye. It was still quite obvious, given that it had only been a few days since he'd gotten them, but in time they would fade completely...as they always did. The blonde man sighed and closed his eyes, trying not to think too long on how he'd gotten these latest bruises. He needed to focus on work...not his fragile emotional walls that he was diligently building back up.
Greg curled in on his arms, making it even harder to see what the hell had even happened to them in the already dim room. John struggled loose from limbs, and tails, and crouched at Lestrade’s side.
John had been mouthing the silent phrase and shaking his head for a handful of seconds before Sherlock recognized the man had stopped talking. Like John, Sherlock had been overwhelmed by the images he was seeing. He blinked and stared into the unfocused eyes of the broken man that was crumbling at his feet.
John was stunned and terrified. For several long minutes, he just stared at the closed bathroom door, like he couldn't believe Sherlock was about to let him tag along! He swallowed hard, trying to ignore the fearful lump forming in the pit of his stomach. It would be overwhelming, but John couldn't stand knowing the world he'd desperately been dreaming of seeing again was just outside a few flimsy walls. Unlike years past, where the walls were thick, underground, and the door were well guarded.
First of all, I'm very sorry for the length of time it took to post another update. I honestly hate leaving stories so long, but life got a bit out of hand. I want you to know that I will always finish a story, it might just take a little longer than I hoped. So thank you for understanding and waiting. In real life, I write as an occupation as well, so unfortunately my fan fiction, which is a hobby, does get pushed back. I do honestly feel bad I promised to update sooner, best intentions but no follow through. It's been a bit of a tough few months and I'm just kind of getting over a hurdle or two. So thank you for bearing with me through this all. I hope you can understand that I am trying to update as often as I can and I hope you still enjoy reading it even if it takes forever and a day to finish. If you want to keep more up to date on things in my life, poke around my blog (the link is in my bio page). I'll be posting update information there and I'll be more than happy to answer questions there as well. For now, lets tentatively say I'm going to try to update at least once a month. If not more. Sorry if that kind of sucks, but I think that's about all I can handle right now. You're all lovely people and thank you for putting up with me.
It was a wonder Greg was conscious at all. He was undoubtedly in shock, his body was shaking. His breathing was ragged. The screatching on the door never ceased. It was still there, the thing was still out there waiting.
Sherlock didn't let go, instead pulling John's thrashing, cold, form against his chest and between the wall. John all but went mad, driving several hard blows into Sherlock's chest before trying to twist away from his trapped hold. The detective nearly let go, surprised John could still hit so hard, he shouldn't have been so foolish. Instead of letting go, Sherlock decided to reach up with a free hand to turn on the water again, this time opting for a warm spray as he clung to John while he struggled free from his flashback. The man gasped for air, but his struggles slowly ceased...eventually they stopped all together. John's hands were balled into Sherlock's shirt and his head hung between their bodies. His rasping breath sounded close to sobs, yet no tears fell this time. The blonde man said nothing, letting the water wash over them in silence for several long moments.
She left the room and went downstairs, reading and replying to emails on her phone as she went. She helped herself to a coffee in the kitchen before moving to the office to wait for her boss.
She led the way out of the room, Mycroft walking close behind her. The detective and his partner followed them after a second.
''Get off my- my- my John. He's mine. You can't have him.'' Pouting like a child looking at his favourite toy in another's hand, Sherlock satin a flounce of silk opposite Anthea, long legs crossed, and tugged John's head from Anthea's lap to his own. The stunned, weakened John just frowned a little at the rough treatment and burrowed his face into the blue silk of Sherlock's stomach. Anthea took a quick photo for Mycroft and left Sherlock half carrying John back towards the bedroom- which she suspected, as Mrs Hudson had insinuated in their earlier conversation, that the two men would be sharing.
When the digital clock at the top of her screen clicked over to 9:00, Anthea stood up, reaching up towards the ceiling to stretch out her cramped back muscles, and picked up her empty wine glass, leaving her kindle on the chair. Making her way back down the glass and oak staircase to the kitchen she glanced at the food in the fridge and the cupboards before ringing for pizza and refilling her glass for the third time. She crossed back to the fridge and took out one of the new shakes, draining the cup in a few gulps and setting it to one side.
''Of course I love you.'' He stroked a rough hand over Sherlock's chocolate curls, letting them spring back and twisting the bouncing locks around his fingers. Sherlock simply sat, allowing the touch, leaning into it, his eyes sliding closed. Anthea led the way out of the room, Mycroft following.
Anthea stood up, folding her blanket neatly and setting it back on the chair. She led the way to the kitchen, keeping a careful eye on John as they went down the staircase. Mycroft followed, clearly waiting impatiently for something, shifting his hands in what would be called fidgeting in a less controlled man.
Sherlock deigned to allow the crime scene officers to give him protective covers for his shoes as a concession to the charred floor and puddles of ashy slush where the fire fighters had pumped water onto the remains of a large truck and the body beneath it. Behind him, John accepted the full kit, white protective bodysuit, blue shoe protectors, even the plastic goggles. Sherlock took one look at him and turned away to hide his smile.
''The techs think the fuel tank must have split and diesel spilled- there was an accelerant, at least.  And Mark was a smoker.''
Sherlock fell asleep on the bed next to John at around four in the morning, leaving Anthea watching over the sleeping body of his partner. She shifted to be more comfortable in the armchair by the bed, tucking her feet up beneath her on the cushion and snuggling back into a blanket. She dozed off, waking a couple of hours later to slight movements.
Sherlock reappeared bouncing down the hall to sit back on the settee, almost on top of John, who simply shoved him slightly and allowed it.
Anthea nodded, typing emails to update the office staff on the new stage of the plan. It was time to begin the final stage.
"That's not true you know." said John as he sat on the floor to play with one of Rosie's rattles with her. "You're not a sociopath, I've seen it. With me, Rosie, with Mary, your brother. You are capable of so much love Sherlock, I don't understand how you refuse to share it with the world."
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"Lestrade told me that we have a new case, is it a good murder?" John looked at Sherlock who replied, "It was the brother-in-Law"
Before he would allow John to utter a word in retribution and to kick Sherlock out of his life, the detective was off the couch and almost tumbling down the stairs to get away form the room that had become suddenly become very suffocating. He didn't have his shoes on as he left the flat, but even though he could hear John calling his name the panic in his stomach spurred him to run away from the hate that John was certainly going to dish out to him like he had when Mary had died. Mary! Oh God! How could he be so selfish, John was clearly still mourning her death, how could he be so stupid. He continued running down the street before he felt a sharp pain in this foot that caused him to fall and scrape up his head elbows and knees. 'Great,' he thought, now his outsides felt like his inside. Sherlock then dragged himself to a lamppost, dragged himself up, and for the first time since his childhood, wept. He continued like this before he repeated Mycroft's mantra about caring 57 times. Eventually he calmed down and was able to inspect his injuries. People went by giving him stares in disdain but not one offer of help or comfort. He looked down at his foot to see blood running like a small stream out of a wound inflicted by a piece of broken glass left on the street. The rest of his scrapes were of little consequence, but he resolved that he did in fact need to return to 221B to get medical supplies and to disinfect the wound. Sherlock grabbed the lamppost and pulled himself into a standing position and all but hopped the three and a half blocks back to Baker Street, expecting to find John and Rosie missing and the flat empty and devoid of life. When he walked through the door however Mrs. Hudson was there to meet him. "What do you think you were doing? Running from the man like that! You ought to be asha-... SHERLOCK! You're bleeding!" she turned around and called up the landing, "John! He's home! And he's bleeding!" suddenly like an angel Doctor John Hamish Watson appeared in the doorway.
''Thank you. That wasn't what I wanted- Sherlock's triggered the alarms at my home. I've called a car.'' He looked worried, something Anthea wasn't used to. She grabbed her phone and locked her computer quickly, following him past the cubicle farm of the outer office and ignoring the whispers and stares from employees who had never seen their boss show any kind of emotion, especially not worry.
John left Sherlock at a desk, peacefully typing away, to go and get a much needed cup of tea. Minutes later he returned to a shouting match, officers standing up at their desks, waving their arms around as they yelled insults and slurs against vampires and their donors.
Throughout the day she found herself checking her phone for messages- usually there were one or two, but today her phone remained annoyingly silent. She found herself glancing at the wooden doors of her employer's office as though it would cause him to ignore his brother's rash words and reorient the tentative balance between them.
The paper listed instructions and a warning. The instructions were simple, checking who else Hind might have corrupted, checking nothing else had been interfered with. The warning was far more difficult- that Hind had put one of the officers in touch with  a journalist.
''Yeah, the engine is split, they reckon his cigarette fell when he got crushed and started the fire. Everything in here's soaked in oil or fuel, so...''
''It's Victor, Sherlock. I'm sorry- but you drained him and the evidence has to go- I can't risk your actions causing more danger for people like us. And if it got out how easy it is to drain- there'd be riots. We must keep it contained. Who saw the files, Sherlock?''
''Sherlock, just get dressed.'' John was rumpled, but dressed. He dumped the rest of the clothes on top of Sherlock, who rolled slowly off the sofa and got to his feet, dragging his bare feet back down the hallway to his bedroom.
''Not now, Mrs Hudson- they're a little busy. I'd leave them alone for a few hours.'' Anthea placed a hand on the older woman's elbow and gently turned her away from the upstairs flat.
That's it! All done! This is the first proper fic i've ever written, so thank you to everyone who sent comments or kudos- you definitely made this worthwhile. Special thanks to insomniac2010 for comments and kudos and love- hope you liked it!
''Depends on the temperature of the fire- it might have been protected by the truck and just have been the plastic that melted. Text Molly and ask her. Why are you so interested in his neck?''
''I'm going to marry you. I'm tired of waiting and I know you'll have it all planned out, and it'll change things in the public perception scheme, but-''
''Definitely male, Caucasian, wide build, muscled, possible strain or injury on the neck- this is a brace.'' he pointed at a lighter patch on the neck of the body. ''About 6 foot. Crush injuries to the torso and I assume to the head, killed instantly- broken ribs, punctured lung, severed spine. What am I supposed to be looking for?''
I am deeply and truly sorry for not updating in such a long time. My life went a bit crazy and I got very sick, hurt, and busy. I know it's been forever since I touched this, I didn't mean to leave it so long. I'm sorry. I'm sorry and I feel terrible for leaving it so long! I really hope that you still want to read this and I understand if you don't. I promise, as I always have and will, that I won't leave it unfinished. I may take forever and a day to update, but I'll never leave it undone. I know what that's like and I know it can suck, but I swear I'm getting better and I will update more regularly from now on. I hope you're all still doing well and I'm sorry you had to wait this long for an update. You're all wonderful and I'm sorry for being such a scumbag and not updating this sooner.
After about ten minutes of excited gossip, she took control of the little group. “Alright!” A sharp snap of of the crop stilled the chatter. “Get the practice poles out and go warm up! We have work to do!” Her voice was pleasant and kind, but commanding. The others nodded and quickly filed out of the dressing room, leaving John alone with Irene.
There are some random fictitious figures who appear in the majority of this chapter. They aren't really OC's (because they're pretty much lacking every single detail)...just kind of randoms to move plot. But enjoy anyway!
“I didn't realize you'd be awake.” Sherlock offered, sounding just ever so slightly worried...or perhaps ashamed. Like he was upset for letting John endure sounds that obviously upset him. “I meant to be back before you...” The man sighed as he trailed off and headed for his violin.
Sherlock hesitated, as if debating whether he should sit or he should play his violin. His intense gaze turned from John's face to the hand still wrapped, gingerly, around his forearm. Slowly...Sherlock joined John on the sofa. Both sat, in a slightly awkward silence, and ate. John watching Sherlock from the corner of his eye, meanwhile Sherlock methodically chewed and swallowed each bite...like it was a great chore to have to nourish his body.
“Right! Let's get you up then...” Sherlock nodded, hesitating a fraction of a second before he moved to help John get up.
Sherlock offered no response, instead his pale hand entered the spray to turn the tap gently. The water cooled, but John didn't protest. The water remained mostly hot, but no longer to the level which might eventually make his skin burn off. Sherlock's arm lingered until John finally nodded and allowed Sherlock to turn the water off. The dark haired man then offered the promised towel, which John took and slowly wrapped around his hips with a sigh.
All that mattered was he was back in the dressing room, lying on his side...on his mattress...on the floor. There was something warm over his body...warm and soft. He assumed it was a blanket, but he didn't have one that was as soft as whatever was draped over him. But, again, he wasn't about to complain about it or think long on it. The cuffs had been removed at some point, cuffs he had savagely been pulling against with the hopeful intent of making his wrists bleed. The pain of the sharp, biting, metal was meant to take his mind off the pain of his body being roughly abused. He could feel a dull throbbing ache from each wrist suggesting he'd at least made them very raw if not bloody. Thankfully, the horrible outfit he'd been forced to wear was gone. Maybe it had been torn off during the celebrations, John could no longer recall. He wasn't trying very hard to either.
John Watson stared forlornly into the mirror on his small, gaudy, vanity at the end of the long shared row. The lights were big and bright, feather boas hung here and there, wedged in the corner was a picture of him and several women posing in front of a statue...a memento from a holiday to Italy that the
So it had been a few hours at best...it always felt like seconds when he was in the darkness. The gurney was gone, but someone stood outside his cell. They were keeping careful watch to see if he actually died it seemed. SCP-9340 sat slowly, he felt physically fine...but mentally he was exhausted. All he wanted...
By the time they reached Sherlock’s room, Sherlock was stepping backwards out of his pants with his lips locked firmly with John’s. Their breaths ragged and loud as they panted through the passionate kiss.
“I've heard that before...” John breathed, but Sherlock could see that tiny defiant spark starting to glow in the man's eyes once more.
you show it. So...go on then, seduce me.” Irene purred with a feline smile, her eyes lighting up with the greatest pleasure as she observed them trying their best to do what she wanted.
OKAY, so...I'm back. Sorry about the long delay. I needed to take a breather and break and focus on me for a while. But I'm back now and I'm going to get this wrapped up for you guys, I promise. I hope you all still enjoy reading this, even if I update super slowly. I won't leave it unfinished. That's a promise. It may just take forever to be done. BUT I WILL GET IT DONE. So, thank you for being patient and waiting. You're wonderful and I love you. Okay? Okay. <3
Sherlock diligently made life bearable. The lanky man would play his violin, loudly, for hours on end to drown out the more tedious sounds of life beyond the flat's walls. Sherlock never ventured far after that first day, sending Mrs. Hudson for anything that wasn't within walking distance. He also engaged John in various conversations which stemmed from the different types of tobacco ash to various body parts which seemed to appear in the oddest places. (Admittedly, John had been rather terrified when he first discovered a foot in the fridge. Sherlock assured him it was not from an unfortunate victim...that time.)
Eyes which blinked with...concern and, perhaps, disappointment. The creature stayed put, staring a moment at the panicking SCP. It's pause was enough time for SCP-9340 to see the body attached to those terrifyingly bright eyes, and what a body it was!
back in the dressing room. Every inch of his skin crawled and he wanted to desperately escape the closeness of the man. Much to his discomfort, the handsome stranger moved closer and knelt down next to his mattress. He didn't say anything...just watching John squirm under his gaze. Then, slowly, he held up a damp looking cloth. He didn't attempt to move it closer to John, just offering it to him at a somewhat respectful distance.
John pulled, Lestrade screamed! But his arms didn’t budge. John felt his muscles straining, something popped in his back. Beside him, Sherlock’s tail lashed loudly against the floor as he hauled on the trapped man with all his might. It seemed like a futile effort, but just as abruptly as it all seemed to start, it ended. The portal snapped back to black and all three tumbled away from the wall! They crashed into a heap on the floor as the portal faded back to a normal wall.
Sherlock's coat. It was an oddly comforting thing, one that didn't disturb his trip to oblivion like most other things would. He curled a hand into the fabric, clinging to it like a life line. It was a life line...the only one he'd seen in several years. And though he'd sworn never to get his hopes up in that place...he could feel the smallest spark struggle to life in the back of his mind. Maybe...Sherlock
“That obvious?” Sherlock asked, dropping back into his carefully constructed character as he started to roll the sleeves of his shirt up.
His eyes darted to the spot on the floor between Sherlock's feet. The detective, himself, was blissfully unaware of his companions' plight, too busy tapping away a sassy response to Mycroft.
The deer man toppled, the clatter of antlers rattling around the room too loudly for the blonde SCP's likes, as SCP-9340 rolled away! He scrambled to get away, to put distance between himself and whatever this creature was, as his pained fingers resumed their task of fiddling with the, thankfully not lost, paperclip in the lock.
He reached to one side, pulling open a drawer to fish about and pull out a condom packet. Well, if anything, he was prepared. John could also see something else in the drawer.
Sherlock seemed surprised, his brow arched thoughtfully as he considered the shaking blonde man with the intensity of a predator observing prey. John's skin crawled, but he would endure the touch of a stranger versus having the touch of his companions tainted by his post-anniversary state. He wasn't sure he trusted Sherlock...but given what the man had already proven to John in his refusal earlier he seemed a little more trustworthy than most.
have survived. He'd been found by a tactical unit...whose orders were to “tie-up loose ends”. The blonde SCP had been shot on sight...and before the unit cleared the hall, he'd come back to life with a sputtering gasp and no sign of the bullet holes which had killed him only moments prior.
Sherlock seemed to have already forgotten the incident as he opened the door, a mischievous smile touching his lips. “
The impulse to take them and use them on his cuffs overrode his other senses and he knelt to awkwardly scramble for the tiny clips. For a few minutes, he searched blindly for the clips with his cuffed hands. His wrists were raw and a tiny trickle of blood tickled his palm where he pulled and strained too hard. A frustrated whimper threatened to pass through his parted lips just as he managed to get a hold of the first tiny metallic clip.
John started to strip off his shirt to try and bandage the wounds. Try to do something for the man that was so clearly in distress. But Greg shook his head, gasping ragged, shallow, breaths as he turned his eyes up to Sherlock.
His feet left the floor, kicking out desperately at the horrible device he was about to be strapped down to. His screaming was reaching a blood curdling pitch when he finally managed to land a blow, with his heel, which knocked the gurney off balance. The lab worker tried to keep it upright and caught another wild hit from the thrashing SCP, which knocked the faceless worker onto their back. The gurney fell onto its side with a deafening clatter. For a brief moment, the guards were stunned, giving SCP-9340 enough time to twist in their hold and drive his forehead against one guard’s chin. As the guard dropped in a daze, SCP-9340 was plastered to the floor. A knee crushed into his spine between his shoulder blades, two strong hands twisting into this hair to keep his face mashed against the cold floor.
SCP-9340 breathed in a horrified whisper, hearing the terrible blaring voice echoing in his memories. “Oh god...it's happening again...” The blonde SCP was confused and terrified, not sure what he was saying or why. Were his memories coming back? What did he mean by
Sorry about the delay lovelies, I just started my new job and I've been rather exhausted. I also had a bit of an accident that resulted in me being kind of sore and hardly able to bend over for the better part of a week. Anyway, here is another little chapter to keep you up to date. I'll try to be more prompt, but this is a weird kind of time. Thank you for hanging in there and I promise so much more is coming down the line!
Both names were mingled with strangled gasps and both were nearly shouted a few precious strokes before John and Sherlock orgasmed. Sherlock wouldn’t say it was the exact same time, but it was damn close. Sherlock trembled, holding himself over John as John slumped back into the sheets, both flushed from the sex…and the exertions. John swallowed as he panted, wetting his lips with his tongue. His eyes closed.
The terrified, helpless, SCP stared at the gloomy figure and waited for his end. Hoping that if it was the end...it would at least be permanent this time. The figure lingered just inside the door, sizing up the SCP on the floor for several long minutes, before a noise in the corridor made the eyes flicker away. SCP-9340 felt the hypnotizing hold break and instantly scrambled to his feet. His indistinct-possible-aggressor stepped hurriedly into the room and jabbed the button for the door when another noise issued, much closer than the last, in the hall. The blonde man struggled around a turned over desk, turning to try and catch a glimpse of the creature...but the eyes were gone!
“Of course you didn't.” The rich baritone voice swelled around the SCP's head like a familiar embrace, “You so rarely know anything of use!” Sherlock grumbled and stepped around Lestrade with a huff, once again drawing closer to the distressed SCP. “Did he touch you?” Lestrade reached to put a restraining hand on the deer man.
John sniffed quietly and nodded, slowly removing the long coat and handing it over. Watching the man's body turn without glancing back to John, giving the blonde what little privacy he could...allowing him some sort of modesty. It was a gesture John was unaccustomed to...so used to being stared during his years with the Boss. It was a gesture that could have made him cry, but instead he watched Sherlock exit the shower before he turned on the water.
“C-coat?” John managed to murmur, confused until the woman handed Sherlock a rather nice looking jacket. It was short and black, but it looked fit for action more than anything. It was a coat that John would have loved to have...and one that he probably couldn't have afforded. A blush touched his cheeks as Sherlock motioned him to turn so he could help the blonde man, gently, slip into the warm, luxurious, jacket.
The silent slide of the hydraulic door went unheard in the dim, disturbingly white, room. A pair of researchers, with long white lab coats, strode along the dark rows of computers and various other machines, turning each on methodically as they came to it. They worked in perfect synchronization as they progressed towards the centre...towards the containment cell. Its thick glass walls allowing the researchers to see into the cell from every possible angle. It was bare of all furniture...no bed...no chairs...nothing for comfort.
Irene's eyes rolled, at about the twenty minute mark, and she gained her feet to walk among them to give them pointers here and there. She was very particular and occasionally she tapped her crop against someone's flesh to reiterate a point that they had been told and subsequently failed to execute. But her hits were never harsh and her instructions were never belittling, though she threw in the occasional jab in good fun. It helped to ease the mood and make them forget, for a short time, that they were basically bought and paid for property with no rights or lives.
called him. He didn't actually know his real name, nor did he know about how he'd come to be in the rubble of Baskerville...wherever that was. All he knew for certain were two things: One, he was that he was in in a hellhole so deep that even the devil himself wouldn't tread there; two,
Greg’s arm was…mangled. Which was a gentle way of putting things. The skin, in places, seemed scalded. It was blistered. Bleeding. And…the bones…John had never seen breaks like these. The arm was practically flexing and wobbling, almost as if the bone was liquefied. Three of five digits were stripped of flesh or ever close to it.
Irene pursed her lips and sighed, retracting her hand with an odd look before she smiled again. “I brought you something.” Bringing her other hand from around her back to present John with a smallish parcel wrapped in brown paper.
John watched Sherlock as he flicked open the tube and squeezed a generous amount of the gel into his palm. It was almost poetic watching Sherlock slick his own cock. The tall man was biting his lip, trying to keep it impersonal, obviously, but his cock was still hard and throbbing. John couldn’t help but watch the tender struggle there, the will of Sherlock against his own body. It was quite an erotic display, one that had John twisting his hands in the sheets, wanting to stroke the man…want to put lips on him once more.
He really did wish people would stop referring to his anniversary like it was something to celebrate, but he nodded and took the parcel with trembling fingers. “How long will you be gone then?” She clearly meant to be away if she was giving him this much.
The blonde felt the heat of the blush through his body…and the heat of Sherlock’s aroused cock at his thigh. He trembled a bit, feeling the same rush of tears he’d felt not long ago in the club. The tears that were brought on by a tender, caring, man who truly didn’t care if John was a whore or a solider.
A small woman, in an appealingly revealing dress, greeted him. She had clearly been waiting by the door. “Welcome to
“He did mention something like that.” Sherlock nodded as they passed the stage, the woman dancing had the same uncaring look in her eyes as his greeter. “However, pleasure will have to wait. I'm here on business...”
The blonde man's head snapped up and around, taking in the sight of the handsome man as he strolled across the club. Sherlock was in a black, tailored, somewhat casual, suit jacket and a very pristine white shirt. He walked with a confident and casual stride, flashing a handsome smile as he approached Irene.
He needed the physical labour...he needed to feel the pain in his body lest he be reminded of the pain in his mind. His voice probably sounded pleading, because her face fell just slightly and she let him go. She knew he was inflicting the pain purposefully, but she didn't say a word. John lingered a moment before he turned to help with the set up.
. A new SCP facility which was inescapable. It was three times as large as Baskerville had been. It had three different fail safe systems and it was so far underground that it took nearly ten minutes in an elevator to reach the first floor. SCP-9340 never saw much more than his cell, however. He'd been brought in unconscious...and he'd never been allowed to leave since.
The command wasn't shouted, but the tone was authoritative and belonged to a voice John had heard only a few hours ago, or he assumed it was hours.
John lunged as Sherlock did. A powerful tail lashed out, catching John across the face and sending him falling flat on his arse. The deerman hoisted Greg from the ground, Greg didn’t even try to fight him. His head lulled back limply.
Especially the one that said he'd be in so much trouble if the Boss ever heard about it...or if he saw them. John would be so dead. Sherlock would be very, very, dead. The stout blonde man tried not to linger on those thoughts that stalled his dressing process, one arm raised overhead with his jumper half on. This was how Sherlock found him when he walked from the bathroom, rubbing a towel in his dampened hair. The dark haired detective frowned as he tried to make sense of the odd position, thinking perhaps John had found it too difficult to pull the rest of the jumper over his head.
He felt a delicate hand on his shoulder before someone pulled his silken blue robe back over the exposed flesh...over his old scar. “Happy Anniversary, Johnny...” A small cupcake with a single lit candle was placed on the desk in front of him.
In the middle of the room was a man, hands trapped behind him with tight cuffs, on his knees. A blonde man dressed in sheer, lacy, red panties and matching stockings that were, at one point, held up with and equally lacy red garter belt. The left one was still being held up, but the right had slipped down around his knee. A tight, sheer, cherry red corset, trimmed in black, was askew on his torso and there was a ruby ribbon around his neck, which had been tied and retied several times based on the wrinkles in the fabric. It was like an invitation to unwrap a present...or a statement of ownership. His lips were painted with glistening red lipstick, most of which was now smudged.  A daring crimson eye eyeshadow didn't hide the beginnings of a bruise around one eye and along the side of his face. He was shaking and appeared to be on the verge of crying, his breath hitching and chest heaving. Red marks from rough hands marred the man's pale skin, dark bruises were starting to appear from under the makeup...and Sherlock could just see the scar on his shoulder through a heavily applied makeup there.
The dark haired man faltered minutely, his bright eyes cutting towards John with a curious look as he straightened slowly and resumed his helping. Putting a strong arm around John's torso to maintain his support of the blonde's shaking form. John was surprised that the contact didn't add to his disgust...it didn't make his skin absolutely crawl and it certainly didn't make him try to pull away. It was...oddly comforting.
The creature was tall, taller than SCP-9340 imagined, and sleek. He, for it clearly was a he, was a terrifyingly handsome cross between a human and some sort of majestic stag. His torso appeared mostly human…his arms where almost impossibly long and his fingers were nimble, each tipped with a rather terrific looking claw. His legs, however, where not human...they appeared to be some sort of deer legs. The cloven hooves looked sharp as knives from what he could see through the feathering tufts of silken curls. They matched the silken curls that spiralled at his elbows, elegantly flowing with every minute movement the creature made. Another curled patch of fur travelled from, what SCP-9340 assumed would be, the creature's naval to somewhere between his legs. It was meant to obscure genitalia not doubt, but he could see the hint of something, not quite small, outlined in the depths of the curls.
John turned his head and opened his tearful eyes, utterly stunned to see the dark haired stranger standing only a few feet away. Behind him John's small band of companions watched nervously, gathered in a fidgeting group at the edge of their long row of vanities. But they didn't come any closer.
“Let go! Let go, dammit!” The blonde SCP raged desperately as moisture dampened his eyes, “L-let go...” His voice dying into a despairing whisper of resignation.
Without really thinking, John wiggled, painfully, closer and laid his head on Sherlock's thigh. He felt the man tense and almost winced in anticipation of a blow, moving to take his head away. But Sherlock stopped John, the tension vanishing as his long fingers returned to John's hair. They curled through the ragged blonde locks before coming to rest gently amongst them. John closed his eyes to dispel more tears arriving, feeling comforted, and disgusted, with being allowed to do something that was more like second nature now than anything. If Sherlock found it odd or uncomfortable...he wasn't saying and John wasn't asking.
had paid for a few years ago. Make-up overflowed the small desk space before him. However...nestled in the mess, close to his mirror, was a very pricey bottle of red wine with a black ribbon tied in a decorative bow around the bottle's neck. A plain, white, card propped against it. A name,
John knew Sherlock was staring now, he could feel that cold intense stare on the top of his head as he stared at the detectives shoes. Frustrated humiliation swelled in his chest, calling forth unwilling tears. He hated himself for giving in to the submissive impulse, but he'd been so beaten so often for it that one week with a kind companion wasn't about to change everything. He wanted desperately to explain himself...or to make himself get back into his seat, but all John could manage was lowering his head even further and clenching his hands over his knees. The blonde man waited silently for the mocking to begin...for Sherlock to get angry with him for acting like...a dog. He waited for the belittling remarks...or even a command to
John inhaled deeply, winced at the pain, and stepped outside onto the doorstep and into the sunlight. It was dim, cloudy, and cold. A dampness lingered in the air with the promise of fog. Cars rolled by lazily and people passed by without sparing John so much as a glance. They had no idea who he was...or what he was. He was just another person heading out for his destination. Sherlock brushed against his back, prompting him to move a few more steps away from the door. He swallowed hard against the painful lump forming in his throat, blinking rapidly to dispel the moisture starting to gather in his eyes.
Wit the paperclip in the keyhole, he sat and worked with closed eyes. How did he know this would work? How could he know this would work? His hands were torqued and his fingers were growing numb, but he continued to try and work the lock loose with his pathetic tool. He could just feel the slide of the locking mechanizing when a noise made his blood turn to absolute ice.
“Blonde.” Jerking a thumb towards the side door. The dark haired detective moved towards it, pausing when the clerk spoke again. “Nice and smooth that one is...”
The blonde man bit his lower lip as he looked down at himself, his shoulders shaking just slightly with the most subtle of sobs. It had been so long since he'd had anything normal...it had been so long since he'd had a full wardrobe...it was almost too much and he hadn't even made it outside the door that stood between him and London. Slowly, he reached a hand to wipe at his eyes, wincing as he nudged bruises.
SCP-9340's cell door swooshed open silently again, admitting an impassive, masked, lab worker wheeling in a heavy looking gurney. A gurney with chains and leather straps hanging off each side. It looked like something straight out of his darkest nightmares. The faceless worker rolled the horrible, clanking, contraption closer...and he went mad. A desperate scream of frustration sprang from his lungs, echoing in the small cell, as he torqued his small body violently against the strong, unrelenting, hold of the guards. Their grips tightened as they suddenly struggled to keep a firm hold on the thrashing SCP.
As the cab approached their unknown destination, Sherlock removed his hand slowly and helped John wiggle back into his seat. If the cabbie had seen anything, he wasn't telling. Sherlock paid the fare and both men stepped out onto a fairly quiet street. Sherlock fixed his collar and started towards an inconspicuous looking shop, leaving John to follow in his wake. The blonde man only stared around for a moment before hurrying, as much as he could, to catch up.
Liquid fire spread through his body, agony gripped every bone and wrenched a purely animal screech from his throat. Electricity fizzled in his ears with the faintest of buzzes, like a small gnat that wouldn't go away. His body spasmed, as much as the restraints allowed, uncontrollably. Every nerve burned and every pore bled sticky sweat. Just when the SCP thought he could take no more...the burning stopped abruptly and his body went limp. He gasped in a horribly painful breath, the oxygen shredding his lungs like glass through tissue paper. The blonde SCP wanted desperately to scream, but his voice only rose to a hoarse hiss of air.
''Sherlock-'' The crash of John knocking bottles off the sink as he collapsed, along with her shout, brought Sherlock rushing out of the kitchen, a whirlwind of blue silk and tangled curls. He opened the hallway door to the bathroom to find John led on the floor, his head in Anthea's lap, her examining the livid new bruise on his forehead.
Anthea switched her phone into work mode and organised a security team for John and Sherlock as well as vetting hers and making sure that Mycroft had arranged for his own protection. She followed up a few quick emails as well, before setting her phone to one side and going for a shower. Dressing quickly she chose plainer clothes than usual- ones she could run and fight in. When she sat before her mirror she plaited her hair tight against her scalp so it couldn't be grabbed. This was not the first time there had been worries of attack, and there was protocol.
The pair went back to the morgue to visit the body- Sherlock going straight for the mouth to check the teeth, John checking for signs of a terminal illness. When he found none, he stepped back to stare at the whole body. Sherlock was bouncing on the balls of his feet by the door, waiting for him.
Anthea smiled to herself, watching from the car as the two men, one tall and dark haired, one shorter and blonde, walked out of the club - they were very close together. Sherlock raised a thin hand, using the other to stop himself from wobbling by holding John's shoulder, and quickly hailed a taxi. Anthea reached for her ever present phone, sending a quick text.
''Mycroft. Uh- Sherlock thought maybe he dropped a cufflink.'' He gestured awkwardly at the detective, who rolled over and sat up, uncaring of his suit.
''I thought it was tradition for the bride to be hidden till the church?'' Sherlock looked the bride in question up and down, his gaze lingering on the red sash.
''Right. Um. So, they said you're a vampire? And I'm supposed to be your donor? How does that work then? You just- bite me? Are you alright? You don't look so good-Whoa!''
''I haven't found it yet, sir. It's happening across all payments to donors that go through us, I'll pull the list of people who can access them.''
Sherlock wallowed in the silent flat after John left, growing increasingly fretful when his partner didn't return until a tangled mix of regret and fear propelled him from his recline on the sofa and out into the streets. Walking fast and allowing a little of his vampiric strength push him to keep going as he combed the streets looking for his partner. He was almost relieved when the black car pulled smoothly to a halt beside him, coat flaring as he turned to berate the suited man stepping out of the back seat.
Opening the glass-fronted wine cooler, she chose a bottle of strawberry flavoured rosé and took a step back, letting the door swing closed and hoisting herself up to sit on the island counter, reaching across for a glass and swinging her legs as she poured herself a glass of the expensive pink alcohol. Once her first glass was empty she poured herself another, set it down beside her, and swung her legs forwards, using the momentum to tip herself off the white marble counter.
Sherlock looked around for a second, his eyes cataloguing everything in the room. He made some small pretence at looking for his missing cufflink, but gave up pretty quick.
When Mycroft woke up, the first thing he saw was her- Anthea. The woman who had given up everything, including her name, to be his. She was standing at the side of the bed, dressed for work, holding a cup of tea and a stack of files. When she saw he was awake she smiled slightly and put the tea on the nightstand, before turning and walking away towards the door. She stopped in the frame and turned back.
''Probably. Doesn't usually last this long but I haven't eaten properly in a few days.'' Sherlock's head lolled to one side as he looked down at the man between his legs. His legs were twitching and he had pulled in on himself, hunching up and tucking as much of his long body as he could into the warm, dark folds of his coat.
Sherlock reacted to the tone of his partner's voice oddly, freezing up and shifting in his seat until he could see John's face clearly. He stared, his eyes flitting around from eyes to mouth to jaw line. John allowed it, staring back, waiting for Sherlock to puzzle through whatever he was thinking.
''We'll need to send people out to visit morgues to find the right body type. Possibly hospitals- palliative care units.''
''I thought I was buying you a dress?'' She smiled at him and shrugged, taking the garment bag from him and turning around.
''I assume he's told you what to expect- attachment issues, misunderstanding simple emotional cues, no concept of personal space or privacy. He'll forget you exist some days- and refuse to let you talk to anyone else on others. He doesn't understand how relationships work- professionally or personally. He's never learnt. I simply want to make sure that you understand now- and that you are aware that you have signed your contract.'' John nodded, an amused smile on his face. Mycroft barely paused in his tirade. ''Do not come to me in a month's time to complain that he's difficult or rude. You are aware of his... particularities. And you signed anyway. There will not be a raise or any more benefits. You will have the option to renew the contract for another six months when it expires.'' The cardiganed shoulders of the army doctor began to shake. From Anthea's  position by the door she couldn't see his face and feared there might be tears- something neither brother was capable of dealing with, however often they caused the response. She stepped forward, ready to deal with the problem as always, but was brought up short by Dr Watson raising his head, laughter lines etched deep on his face as he tried to hold in his amusement.
''Ask. Don't take people's things.'' There was steel in the smaller man's voice, and it was clear that he would not be ignored. Even despite his small size and anonymity at the crime scene, the technicians and attending officers turned to look at who was giving the commands, most looking away and trying to pretend they hadn't been staring when Sherlock glared back at them.
Mycroft twirled the ribbon around his hand, through his fingers, sinuous and tempting. He reached across the table and she rested her hand in his, giving him a quick glance to check that was what he wanted. He nodded, a tiny movement, unseen by the reporters watching them. He turned her hand over between his, letting his long fingers stroke at her pulse, beating faster at his touch. He tied the ribbon around her wrist, a perfect bow resting over the point where her racing heart gave away her impatience for the charade to end.
Her eyes snapped to his, wide and fearful. With their eyes still locked, and hugging her damaged arm close to herself, she nodded slowly.
John still kisses him, most nights, before they go to sleep. It's more than Sherlock had ever dared hope for, more than he had realized, for so long, that he wanted. And somehow, Sherlock feels as if John is farther away than he has ever been.
“John,” was all he said. John felt his leg shake, and suddenly Sherlock was there, his arms around John’s shoulders, holding him steady while John squeezed his eyes shut and breathed.
“Clearly.” Sherlock was still standing close – too close, really, now that the simulation was over. Moving back would be appropriate.
“So what’s your theory?” asked John, as they strode along the quiet, neatly-kept lane back toward the noisy blur of the Hampstead Road.
"There you go," Molly said, pressing the last bit of tape onto his forearm. "That's all of them, I think."
“I don’t think boyfriends have to touch each other all the time, Sherlock,” John said as they made their way across the room.
“Observe,” corrected John, and let out a wheezy version of his absurd high giggle. Sherlock laughed too, and stepped back into the room in the new bright looseness of the moment.
"Damn, he's blocked my shot," she muttered. "Do you want me to wait, or risk an incomplete? Interior's not accessible from here, and we can't assume he'll come to the door again."
Of course Sherlock realized it didn't actually make sense. It was, in point of fact, a phenomenon that contradicted all of one's prior deductions and inferences. So far outside the scope of rational conjecture that he couldn't really fault John for his failure to follow the thread. There was no evidence on record (and Sherlock had looked) of spiders displaying high-level social organization or otherwise behaving in a manner that indicated sentience; still less that they might do so at the direction of a dead criminal mastermind.
His hand was steady as he took hold of Sherlock’s clean, damp wrist, and the needle in his fingers did not shake. Sherlock bent over close to watch the stitchwork, fascinated as always.  His face safely above Sherlock’s sightlines, John bit his lip until he tasted blood.
The lowering sun casts golden-pink scarves of light through the windows of Baker Street, which blend with the amber-gold of the lamps. There are more of them now, a lamp in every corner of the room. Ever since they changed out the drapes and gave a proper cleaning to the corners, the flat holds on to the light of evening a little longer than it used to. Sherlock sits in his chair, basking in the imagined warmth. John emerges from their shared bedroom, carrying the novel he’d left on his bedside table the night before.
Improbable wasn't the half of it. A global association of spiders, carrying on Jim Moriarty's work after his death? Sherlock could barely tolerate the fact that he was entertaining so ludicrous an explanation, let alone that he had disclosed it to John. But his own observations rendered any other explanation impossible.
John had suffered terribly while he was away, Sherlock knew that. It only would have been worse if he had in fact managed to elude the network of spiders, because it would have taken years to eliminate all the traces of Moriarty's human network.
But even the extraordinary John Watson had limits, Sherlock thought, watching the descending sun paint rose-gold into John's hair. Whenever Sherlock tried to explain how it had been, the fount of spiders from the dumpster in Amsterdam or the hail of tarantulas from the inn ceiling in Belgrade, something in John's eyes went dim, and he turned away.
Sherlock looked at him, hard. John looked back, and eventually the glare melted. Sherlock gave a small nod and leaned against the wall next to him. Close enough to touch. John felt the pull, felt it like gravity, but held back.
“You were just leaving.” He said evenly, waiting patiently for her to slowly get up and nervously edge her way around him and back to the grouped others. He turned his head just slightly to observe the group.
A frustrated and desperate noise escaped his throat as the SCP was able to make out a keypad next to the door. His hands clenched behind him, pulling at the tight cuffs and wondering how long it might take to slip free of the tight steel. A clicking groan echoing faintly down the hall suggested not enough time. SCP-9340 felt tears gathering in his eyes, he wanted to hide somewhere and never move, but his progress was halted by a simple keypad he couldn't reach very well because his hands were cuffed at his back.
“No.” John shook his head, but it wasn’t his choice. And he was a fraction too slow to stop what came next.
“No...thank you.” Sherlock said smoothly, trying to ignore the whimpering man between his knees, “Don't enjoy being watched.”
The first few days John spent at Baker Street were the longest days he'd had to endure in an age. He could hardly eat, he barely slept, and he spent a great deal of his days in a painful haze. He refused to take the painkillers as often as he could get away with, still preferring the throb of a battered body to the horrors of his wounded mind. The beaten man, however, found some solace in his odd companion.
Anthea left the room while Sherlock fed, listening to the soft sucking sounds while tidying the kitchen, re-boiling the kettle and helping herself to a drink of orange.- but only after she'd used litmus paper to check it really was orange juice and hadn't been used in one of Sherlock's experiments. She'd just finished wiping the surfaces down when Sherlock tapped her on the shoulder, still licking blood from his lips, dressed in a thin blue dressing gown over his usual shirt trousers and ridiculously expensive silk shirt.
''I didn't think I had. I was still talking to you- I assumed you'd followed me, I didn't think to check you were there.''
She put all three papers in her bag and took a  quick shower before pulling out her favourite dress- tight and deep red. A dress for getting things done. Coupled with a pair of skyscraper louboutins and a soft curled bun she was ready to face whatever the world, and Mycroft, asked of her.
It was getting late and she was finishing up checking bank transactions for the other donors that arranged their payments through Mycroft's office, tracking the little flaws- late payments, amounts that were slightly too small, when Mycroft appeared in front of her desk.
The computer screens were bright in the dark of the office space, their glow accompanied only by the thin sliver of yellow pooling under the heavy oak of Mycroft's door. Anthea sat alone in the outer office, the rapid tap of her computer keys and the soft click of her mouse broken only by the pause every few minutes as she took another sip of tea. The clock in the corner of her screen shone 4:36 when she took the last sip of cold tea. She rubbed her eyes and stood up, stretching her back and quickly redoing her hair in its twist.
''But you needed me to. Why shouldn't you be happy? Your brother has his own donor now- he'll soon understand.'' She reached for his hand and held it tightly between her own, trying to get him to understand- that emotions didn't make him weak, no matter what both he and his brother thought. ''I'll see you in the morning. As always.''
''Sherlock uses a mind palace, you'll have seen him do it.'' She mimicked the tightly controlled hand movements Sherlock used to navigate his memory aid. ''Sometimes he mixes up reality and his own version, talking to people who aren't there, ignoring those who are. He honestly didn't know you weren't with him.''
“These room arrangements will have to change, the Chinese ambassador's bodyguard is having an affair with the Japanese ambassador. They'll need to be at least a floor away from each other.  And the Spanish ambassador can't sit next to the Italian ambassador, so the seating plan for dinner will need to be completely rearranged.” Mycroft looked almost crushed at this detail, the tiny flaws in an otherwise perfectly planned meeting, as much as he ever showed an expression of his true feelings. His assistant simply smiled to herself a little and pulled up the seating plans, adding to the notes she had already made. She gave the plans a quick glance and shifted through files almost too fast to read, speaking aloud to allow Mycroft to add information should he so wish.
The meal was delicious, she was sure, but she barely ate anything, her stomach fluttering at his casual touches, something she wasn't used to but clearly something her body craved without her realising. The night passed quickly, time blurring between one gesture and the next, the meals in front of her changing almost without her notice. When the car pulled back around her skin was warm with anticipation, her dress whispering across her skin in the evening air causing almost more sensation than she could bear, light and teasing. Mycroft's arm on her hand was grounding, a solid presence cool against her skin.
''Good morning, Mr Holmes. I've set your suit out. I'll be in the downstairs office when you're ready.''
He flinched slightly at the impersonal address, she usually simply skipped calling him anything when in the office, as it was clear enough that she was speaking to him. She only ever used his surname in order to clearly delineate between work and home. He gave a tiny nod at the request for information, as though he'd expected it but wasn't looking forward to the discussion.
''Dr Watson, I presume.'' Sherlock stepped out of the shadowed doorway and smirked at the little twitch of surprise as the smaller man saw him and made an aborted reach for a service weapon he no longer carried. Underneath the dark coat he had wrapped tightly around his trembling shoulders it was clear that Sherlock wasn't well- thinner than usual, with yellowing skin and hollow cheeks, he looked every inch the stereotypical vampire, except for the slight signs of his nerves and desperation. His hands were tightly clenched on the fraying cuffs of his sleeves and he was shaking all over. It was clear that they had made the right choice with Doctor John Watson- all it took was a quick glance and it was clear he knew what was going on. Anthea relaxed back into her seat, confident in her choice, and watched the two men size each other up.
She walked into the office the next morning and went straight to his door, opening it without knocking and marching to his desk. He looked up at once, almost panicked.
''It's a misunderstanding. You know what Sherlock's like. I'll sort it out, you go back in.'' She ushered the old lady back towards her kitchen and squared her shoulders before setting off up the stairs. Using her key, she silently let herself in and waited to be noticed.
''Why are you here? Its half six, you don't start work till seven. You stayed the night- no- you stayed with him? Ugh. Do you have to be so obvious about it?''
''It's a biometric lock.'' She twisted the doorknob, waiting for the warmth of the scan to pass over her fingertips before she pushed it open. She glanced around the room, checking there was nothing too dangerous for Sherlock to see. Once she was confident there was nothing he didn't already know, she let both men in, carefully not looking back at where Mycroft was watching them through the cracked door of his bedroom.
Mycroft hadn't changed out of his suit, but his jacket was slung over the back of a breakfast stool in the kitchen, and Anthea could see the red of his tie poking out from a pocket. When she found him in the main living room he had removed the silver-plated cufflinks from his French cuffs and rolled up his sleeves. He was slouched in a dark chair, slowly sipping at his scotch, gone pale at the top where the ice melt had watered down the alcohol. She sat next to him, balanced on the arm of the chair.
''Of course you do. He laughed and stood up, lifting her slightly off the floor as he hugged her. ''Do you have a ring? Should I choose one?''
''Molly sent the picture. Look- scars. He's a donor. We have to go get Lestrade.'' He whirled away from the bed, his dressing gown flaring out behind him as he opened the doors of the wardrobe, selecting a dark suit, already matched with a shirt and hung together, a habit he had never managed to break from a childhood of staff and unreasonably high standards. John rolled over and propped himself up a little to watch him dress, smiling as Sherlock noticed him in the mirror and turned so he could see more clearly.
The pair woke up in an empty room. Instead of the cold, empty basement they expected, it was an opulent gilded reception room, lacking in restraints or torture equipment or anything else that would indicate their captor's intent.
Dr Watson stood in the entrance way, silhouetted in the open doorway. When he saw Anthea he stepped forward, gently closing the door behind him and wincing at the mark in the paintwork caused by the handle.
She slipped soundlessly through the heavy doors into Mycroft's office and nodded at his bleary stare. She pulled a dark plastic box from under the office sofa and rested it on her knees as she sat down. Opening the box she took out a small syringe and needle, a pair of small plastic vials, and a packet of wipes. She wiped the soft skin inside her elbow clean and screwed the first vial to the syringe to begin filling it with blood.
''Half seven.'' She flicked through to the correct email to check the booking, but she already knew the answer.
There was a scramble of sheets and tanned skin amid a cloud of expletives as John covered himself up. Sherlock simply stared at his brother, naked and unashamed, his hair a tangled mess and his skin flushed from sleep, one eyebrow raised in challenge.
John slumped against the wall as soon as he turned the corner onto the busy main street. After a few seconds, he pulled himself together and set off walking down the dark street. Tracking his movements via CCTV, Anthea picked up her phone and sent a quick text. The town car soon pulled up beside him and he had a quick conversation with the driver before getting in, his hand slipping to the back of his waistband before he did. Anthea made a note to check the registration of his gun and make sure it was as untraceable as he thought it was, at least to anyone but Mycroft's team, then called for a car and set off for Baker street. She had a feeling that there would be some feathers to smooth.
''Could have been better. Not too bad. Are you ready?'' He nodded up at her and tugged gently on her waist, sliding her down to sit in the narrow gap between his thigh and the arm of the chair. She swung her legs over his, settling more comfortably across his lap. He flicked her plait over her shoulder and tucked his head into the smooth curve of her neck. She tipped her head back against his shoulder as he wrapped his arm around her back to support her weight and bit.
''We just came for milk- we're leaving- Sherlock, come on.'' John opened the front door and turned back to look at Sherlock, who stalked towards him, slamming the door shut and pointedly glancing up and down Anthea's body.
''Don't worry Mr Holmes. It'll all be clear soon.'' With an unreadable smile he was gone, the door locking behind him.
Mycroft entered the room silently, standing just inside the door in his dressing gown. He raised an eyebrow at Anthea's state of undress and she gave him a quick smile, which caught John's attention from where he had been very studiously watching his partner crawl around the floor.
The tie he wore was black against the grey of his shirt, the darkness of his clothes bringing out the ginger in his hair.
Sherlock turned towards Lestrade as he walked past and took his little black notepad straight out of his hands. Even before the detective inspector had a chance to complain about the theft, John had stepped forward, pulled it out of the taller man's hands and passed it back. Sherlock looked at him, shocked and confused about the irreverent treatment.
As the car slowed to a halt outside the carved sandstone facade of the Diogenes, the doctor slid slightly back in his seat, straightening up as if preparing for battle. Anthea hid her smile. So far, he had behaved exactly as she expected, although if he didn't do something unexpected soon, she would have to lower her expectations of his ability to cope with Sherlock.
''Smile for them, Sherlock, they're getting married.'' Turning to his donor, Sherlock smiled, sickeningly sweet for a second before he let his fangs show.
Anthea stopped at the cherry wood doorway to Mycroft's personal office and watched as he activated the biometric sensor to unlock the heavy doors. She waited for him to enter, his footsteps falling silent as he stepped from wooden floorboards to thick carpet, and sit behind the high desk before she spoke.
He's an adrenaline junkie with caring tendencies. Healthy enough to donate and lonely enough to accept the position. A
''Staging an intervention?'' she quipped, taking her mug from Mycroft with a soft smile. The comment earned her a quick grin from John and blank gazes from both Holmes brothers.
''Whaa, Sherlock-'' John pushed the phone's bright screen away , batting at Sherlock's hands and tucking his face back into the pillow. ''Go away. It's too early.''
''Then get dressed. Stop parading around naked. You know I can hear your blood in your veins when we're this close?'' His gaze was wandering over her skin, jumping from pulse to pulse, her neck, her wrists, the thin skin of her elbows. She allowed it for a second longer before pulling the dress over her legs, sliding it up her body to cover herself. Costume in place she picked up the last item from the garment bag- a red ribbon.
Once Sherlock was settled and ready on his bed, Anthea instructed John on how best to lie to allow access to his pulsing jugular, and explained where the bite would be. She stepped to one side to allow Sherlock to curl in close to his donor, his long body hunching down over John's neck, and listened to the sharp inhale of shock that accompanied the first bite through the tanned skin.
He took one long, slow look at her, up and down, lingering slightly on the painted red smile, the shiny black stilettos. His eyes snapped back to hers the second he realised he was taking too long. A lonely man as she had suspected, but at the same time self aware enough to know he was rude, and not caring enough to stop it. Just the type of man they were after. Rude enough to put up with Sherlock's behaviour and self aware enough that in time, he would begin to influence and control Sherlock's more socially unacceptable tendencies. He stepped heavily into the car, resting his weight on his right leg and favouring his left. Anthea filed that detail away for later scrutiny. His file showed no history of injury in that leg. Possibly a physical manifestation of post traumatic stress disorder as a result of emotional trauma during his military service.
His voice cut off suddenly in the cold air, echoing eerily from the damp stone walls of the street for a second before fading like the stain of breath on a mirror.
Mycroft sat up, leaning back in his chair to stretch the sore muscles of his back. His brother's words had made him realise just how often his assistant spent the night at his home- one or two nights a week, certainly far more than the occasional late night meeting with different time zones would require. It had become common, to ask her to book a table at some fancy restaurant and then simply to return to his home. It would have to stop- but thinking of that made him pause. He would miss her presence in his home, not just the lack of warmth in his bed, but the simpler comfort of sharing his time with someone he trusted implicitly.
The doctor's eyes slammed back to Anthea at the mention of her blood, who lifted her hair to the side to more clearly reveal the pale scars on her neck, the older ones just think white scars, the fresh ones dark bruises. ''I don't mind it. Doesn't really hurt anymore.'' She smiled a little, remembering the first few times, the sharp pain before the rush of endorphins from Mycroft's fangs. John picked up on her words.
''Isn't that what I'm here for?'' John looked a little unsure, but determined to go through with the job he'd been hired for. Perseverance and bravery- more characteristics to tick off on Anthea's mental  list. Sherlock spun on his heel, dark curls bouncing as he fixed his gaze on the soft skin of John's neck. Anthea interrupted as he took a step forwards.
John was tired. A long day at a new doctor's, dealing with crying children and worried mothers had worn him out enough, and returning home to find Sherlock's latest experiment had involved the use of both the shower and the bed, and had rendered both unusable, had been enough for one day. Wandering aimlessly through London's darkening streets he relied on his frown and the still strong frame of his silhouette to keep any potential threats away, not caring enough to avoid dangerous areas or empty alleyways.
She attached the photograph she had taken of the pair- John's blonde head in Sherlock's lap, Sherlock gazing down at him.
She smiled in response and lifted his coat from the coat stand by the door, holding it out for him as she had done so many times before.
''But it's a diesel engine- this is a petrol fire. The smoke is all wrong- petrol fires burn faster. And it takes a lot of energy to start a diesel fire- it wouldn't start with a cigarette- and it wouldn't have spread as far. This is a petrol fire, started on purpose.'' The officer turned and started issuing orders for samples to be taken and tests to be run. John nodded once and turned back to Sherlock, looking surprised to be the focus of the vampire's attention.
''Thank you, Mycroft. I'll see to it that your brother and John get home, if you want to go in to the office- I've sent you an email with the shortlist of suspects for the fraud- and the far meeting room has been set up for interviews.''
''Voyeur.'' Sherlock shrugged into his suit jacket and turned back to the wardrobe, opening the other door to reveal John's clothes and flicking through them to select an outfit. He threw the clothes back at John and left him to get dressed, sending a text to Lestrade informing him of their breakthrough and instructing him to be in his office by ten o clock.
She straightened her back, pulling together the persona she wore for work despite her lack of clothing.
He took it from her hands and tapped her waist so she'd turn. Lifting her hair in one hand he gathered the curls to the base of her neck and tied the ribbon, the ends trailing over her shoulders like blood.
They woke up tangled together- her leg tucked between his, his hand resting on her waist, tangled in her hair, hers on his shoulder, on his hip. She woke before him- she always did. She took her sweatpants from the floor and put them on before taking her phone from the bedside table and checking it while she looked for her t-shirt in the mess of bed sheets. After pulling it on she wandered around the room in the morning light collecting glasses, clothes. Tidying and straightening the room. Removing all evidence of last night's tryst. As usual.
Both Sherlock and Anthea turned to look at John, who blushed at what had clearly been an unintended outburst.
She stopped at that one and gave the article a quick scan, worried for Mycroft, but it was mostly nonsense about vampires in the royal family. She could lay that one aside- there hadn't been any royal vampires for generations, the mutation required a purer bloodline to stay strong. The rest were similar- wild accusations with no facts. One alone would be ignorable, but the very fact that there were three in her hands was cause for concern. It suggested a new wave of anti-vampire feelings which could be dangerous for both vampires and donors.
“I can put their wives between them, but that will mean the French ambassador's wife is next to the Spanish ambassador… she doesn’t speak fluent Spanish, so that won't work…  if I move them both across the table they'll see it as a slight, but they can't stay there- I'll sort it for Monday.” She shook her head slightly, chocolate curls springing neatly off her perfectly tailored jacket collar, and closed the file, pulling up a calendar in its place, only for a bell to ring out shrilly, echoing off the plush interior of the car and bouncing around in the enclosed space. Neither of the occupants flinched at the shriek, Mycroft simply pressing a button on his phone, silencing the noise. He closed his file and set it aside on the smooth leather seat, turning to face Anthea more fully.
The restaurant was busy, crowded with couples and families as well as business partners. A few patrons were clearly journalists, scribbling away at the gossip they could hear around them.  Mycroft had a quick word with the maître d' and they were led to a table placed neatly in the middle of three journalists. The server pulled out Anthea's chair and Mycroft neatly manoeuvred himself around the table so he could push it in for her. She smiled a little and waited for the menus. She barely looked at it, already having researched the choices and made her decision. Mycroft closed his and folded his hands together on the tablecloth.
The light was dim when Anthea woke up, filtered through thin curtains and into the bedroom. She could feel that there was someone behind her, the lack of body heat meaning she was safe and calm, despite not remembering what had happened the night before, or how she'd ended up in her lover's bed.
He reached into the storage compartment and pulled out a small blanket, the fluffy white fabric almost comedic against the black leather interior of the town car. She pulled it around her shoulders and leant back against him, pulling her hair back, using the ribbon from her wrist to tie it back. He kissed her temple in a rare show of affection as she let her head tip back against his shoulder, breathing in against the slight scratch of his teeth slicing through the skin of her neck. When he was done she took a wet wipe from the storage console and wiped her skin clean, careful of the healing scar. She stayed tucked up against Mycroft's side, warm and comfortable, almost asleep.
Anthea's new house was smaller than her last one- she was prepared to  put up with it temporarily, but was already looking at better places to move to when the scandal of donors and vampires existing throughout society died down. Stereotypically, vampires were upper class, paying 'feeders' who had no other way of making a living, basically little more that prostitutes selling their bodies. Stemming from Jekyll and Hyde fantasies of rich men using poor women, living double lives of society dinners and late night murders. Anthea was uncomfortably aware that her relationship with Mycroft fit almost exactly into society's expectation of human/vampire interactions.
''His name flagged up in the system. Above my clearance but you know what higher-ups are like- I'm here to do legwork, they'll take the credit.'' The silver haired man was clearly not impressed with his superiors. Sherlock seemed to cheer up at the implication of further intrigue. The doctor at his side was very quiet, watching the white covered technicians move around the smoke blackened garage.
''If you'd arrange for the hospital paperwork to be sorted- personally, if you will, we can't afford any mistakes with this- especially now.'' She nodded, sending a text to book a car to take her to St Bart's hospital, and another to arrange for a car to come and collect Sherlock and John.
Anthea walked slowly back up the stairs after her employer. The next few days with Mycroft would be difficult, but she thought that perhaps her lover would be more receptive to a conversation about feelings than Sherlock would be when John realised just how much of Sherlock's panic around emotions was simply fear of rejection and a lack of experience.
Once it was done she put everything she'd used to draw the blood in the incineration bin, one vial on Mycroft's desk and another in the fridge. Then she laid back on the sofa and shut her eyes.
''Good try.'' Anthea appeared in the doorway behind Mycroft in a full length white dress, a red ribbon a slash of colour across her waist. She smoothed a hand across Mycroft's shoulders, then stepped past him to face him, pulling his jacket straight and pressing a quick kiss to his cheek.
Anthea watched more carefully as Sherlock seemed to come closer and closer to solving the case, making sure that Mycroft was aware of all developments and breakthroughs his little brother achieved. She was getting worried- usually, Mycroft was slightly smarter than his brother- not by much, but enough to make sure that alongside his resources and power behind the scenes, he could keep things from his brother. But with John at his side and helping him to decipher the more human aspects of the case, he was progressing much faster than expected and getting far closer to the truth of the case than Mycroft wanted.
''Miss. We're here.'' He smiled a little as she stretched out in the cramped interior of the car, pointing and flexing her toes. She ducked down a little to collect her shoes and wrinkled her nose at the thought of putting them back on, before deciding not to. She stepped out of the car onto the paved drive up to her house and turned back to the driver.
''I think I left a cufflink, would you let us in? Unless Mycroft's hiding naked in there for some kind of role play. You do seem to be playing a lot of games recently.''
His true smile was something even Anthea saw only rarely, creasing his face in new ways, smoothing out frown lines and brightening his eyes. She tilted her head at him, smiling back.
Mycroft knocked once on the door and walked in, glancing with an almost fond expression at the sleeping form of his little brother.
''What shall I wear for dinner?'' She smiled softly, the smile that was only ever for him. He swallowed and glanced at her throat, his gaze lingering where her pulse was visible, calm and steady against the thin, scarred skin.
''Almost all of them. Twenty three. You always go too far- and I promised I'd protect you.  I always will, Sherlock. You weren't ever supposed to find out- you don't usually care. I can get you the reports.''
The front door had been left unlocked when they arrived, and Anthea barely slowed down to shut it on the way into the main sitting room.
''Someone saw what I was typing- started yelling about vampires and how it's just murder with a different name- I corrected him but- there are too many people shouting and I can't think, make them stop.''
Mycroft opened the front door and stepped back for Anthea to pass him. She led the way to the car and settled back into the seats, already making updates to both Sherlock and John's files on her phone. The rapid clicking of her nails on the keys was interrupted by her boss' words- already moving on to a new problem.
''You think you can scare me away? You think I don't already know what Sherlock's like? That I won't be able to cope? That I would ever sign something like that if there was a possibility I'd want to leave? Trust me, Mycroft Holmes. I'm not going anywhere.'' There was a core of steel beneath the soft exterior of the seemingly harmless doctor- a reminder that no matter what his current circumstances, he had been a Captain in the British army, used to his commands being obeyed without question.
After almost another year of carefully orchestrated publicity stunt dates, meetings with sexist, prejudiced bigots, and secrets, made up for by surprise coffees, randomly winning competitions she hadn't entered, and nights spent hiding from the rest of the world in Mycroft's townhouse, Anthea decided she was done playing the assistant.
John simply ignored her, waiting for Sherlock to answer as though there had never been an interruption. The dark haired man seemed to shrink for a second before he pulled himself together.
''Sherlock? What happened? Is it-'' Mycroft dropped to his knees by his younger brother's side, pulling his thin hands away from the limp body of the doctor and replacing them with his own, plumper ones, slumping in relief when he found a weak pulse at the man's throat. The detective and his partner were both rumpled, dressed sloppily, Sherlock in smart black trousers and his usual long black coat, fastened over what Anthea suspected was a bare chest. John was wearing plaid pyjama bottoms and a black hoodie- one that the secretary had never seen either of the pair wearing- she guessed it was from one of the younger Holmes' disguises.
She settled more comfortably against him as he sucked the warm, clean blood from her throat, relaxing when he became less tense as his hunger was sated. She closed her eyes, thinking of ways to rearrange seating plans and of the lists of things she needed to do once they returned to the office. Used to the regular feeds, she no longer flinched at the feeling of blood leaving her body, ignoring the odd pull of Mycroft's sucking and the way his skin felt cold against her neck.
''Mycroft- what's going on?'' Sherlock stood up, stepping towards his brother before halting suddenly, almost falling forward with the momentum. '' You look ridiculous. What are you wearing?''
''Not all of my 'minions', no. That would cause a scandal in parliament, and no-one wants to see the prime minister naked.'' He dipped a hand into his dressing gown pocket and handed a folded slip of paper to Anthea.
''He just passed out- I wasn't even trying to bond, I didn't take that much, and he'd eaten first- I checked like you always tell me to- I  gave him a blood transfusion but he didn't wake up- then I didn't know what to do?'' His voice was higher than usual, panic causing him to revert to the scared child Mycroft remembered- this wasn't the first time he had dealt with a donor that Sherlock had taken too much from.
Sherlock breathed, and turned his mind to data collection. The men had come closer; they had also spread out, and were talking more loudly. The combination of in-group slang and local dialect made much of their speech unintelligible, but it was obvious they were patrolling for the intruders who had picked the padlock on the warehouse door.
John sighed and leaned against the wall. “You’ve saved a lot of other girls today,” he said. “Their parents won’t thank you, but that’s because they won’t know what might have happened, without you. And that… that’s incalculable.”
He leaned forward and left, over John’s shoulder, till his fringe nearly brushed the wall and his lips were at John’s ear.
Firmly, deliberately, Sherlock brushed a cobweb from the corner of his mental foyer. "I'm sure it's nothing," Sherlock said.
Molly dropped her eyes and gave a tiny nod. "I promised I'd help you, didn't I? I always keep my promises."
Molly ducked her head. "It's all right," she said, fiddling with the hem of her blouse. "So are you back, then? I mean to stay?"
The fact that Sherlock had nearly died properly by an assassin's gun three days ago, half a moment after their eyes first met, seemed only to have sharpened John's simmering fury. That was somewhat confusing, as well as unjust. Of course Sherlock hadn't known that Moriarty would have stationed an assassin by John's ugly little house. But then, he ought to have suspected, hadn't he, given what he'd seen the past few weeks? Stupid.
– were still at the far end of the warehouse, but were coming in their direction. Under the snips of conversation (a regional Mexican dialect, heavily accented, he could work it out if he had the time, but he didn’t,
Sherlock has never deceived himself about John’s various limitations, relative to himself. The familiar pity was there as always, but now Sherlock discovered in himself an admixture of envy. Imagine being able to get lost in a book. Sherlock had had that kind of focus, once.
Beneath the standard-issue smell of stale air and rotting wood, Sherlock could detect trace amounts of body odour (unsurprising; it took a lot of work to move so much product) crack cocaine (also unsurprising) and something astringent and plantlike. Galangal – no, dried ginger. That was pleasingly unexpected, and would require some reflection in a quieter moment. Closer to hand, Sherlock could smell wool (John) shoe polish (his own shoes, which had just come back this morning) and the warm, indescribable smell of John’s hair, which was similar to but somehow slightly different than John’s skin. John’s smell changed slightly when he was sweating, as he was now – John was dressed for the cool weather outside, and did not have Sherlock’s ability to adapt.
John drew in a breath. It was noisy, the way John’s breathing always was when he was angry and trying not to show it. It always reminded Sherlock of a hoover, but that felt like new information every time, because he never knew where to store it.
She would find a way to manage it all. She would. She took the spider in the jar out of her pocket and laid a tentative finger on her dead brother's lips, nose already wrinkling. She'd never liked spiders, but this would be easy compared to the balancing she would have to do next.
John’s pulse was high, and his breath was coming short. It had been a very brief sprint to the shelves, and the warehouse interior was quite cool, if not so cold as the outside, and John’s body had had several minutes to adjust. Hormones, then. A strange suspicion crackled in the back of Sherlock’s mind. But no, there were too many uncertainties.
Sherlock had not expected John to believe him right away. No sensible person could have been expected to, without solid first-hand evidence -- and John had at that point been so angry at Sherlock that even reasonable evidence might have been too challenging for him to absorb.
“Still,” he said – and wasn’t it strange, they had been laughing only a moment before, but now everything was wound tight again – “now we know.”
“Two centimetres, Sherlock,” John said steadily, in between loud, hollow breaths. “Two centimetres, and it would have been your brachial artery.”
“She resists,” he prompted. Flash-quick, John’s arms came up – faster than Mrs. Forsythe, no doubt, personal fitness regime notwithstanding, but Sherlock didn’t correct him, it wasn’t important – and grabbed Sherlock’s wrists while he mimed stomping down on the top of Sherlock’s right foot.
Sherlock braced his left hand against the wall and leaned, taking the weight on his left. Beneath his arm, John’s throat trembled. Sherlock planted his right hand flat on John’s shoulder and pressed down, creating some space under his arm where John’s pulse fluttered. It was close enough, and John’s windpipe was not bearing any pressure, so he could continue to breathe freely. Though he didn’t seem to be.
“We’re practically the only people here under fifty. Everyone expects us to be young and in love. It allows them to project their retrospective fantasies onto us. And dismiss us, which is convenient.”
“Mrs. Forsythe.” Sherlock tossed his own coat onto the sofa. “The newspaper was 3.2 meters from the south wall, and folded cleanly where it hit the floor, which means she dropped it directly when her attacker surprised her, rather than flinging it to the side; therefore, she was standing on that spot, or very near it.” He pointed. “Stand there, it will put you at exactly the same distance from our wall. The coffee table will need to be moved, obviously.”
If John were here, he would scold Sherlock for his sharpness. Would, in fact, prod Sherlock to thank Molly. The sound of his voice sprang unbidden into Sherlock's mind, and he closed his eyes at the bittersweet ache of it.
But ultimately, such an explanation could not be sustained. There were too many signs, too many patterns. The spiders had been everywhere, haunting the corners of every abandoned flat he had squatted in, skittering across every darkened alleyway shortcut. And everywhere, Moriarty's men had found him, as if drawn along by a silent silken thread. Sherlock had ruthlessly analyzed all of his failures to avoid detection, and while a handful of them might plausibly be attributed to some minuscule slip or a stroke of very bad luck, at least as many were absolutely airtight. It defied all logic that they should have found him every time. No other explanation would hold, under scrutiny. As reluctant as he had been to admit it, it was true.
She gave a little embarrassed smile. "Well, maybe it is. It's just--just a feeling I keep having. Uncomfortable, as if someone's in my flat. Or lots of someones. It feels--" she smiled nervously-- "oh it's so silly, but it feels like hundreds of tiny eyes following me everywhere."
It was clear from his face that he was ill at ease; John hated crowds, as he was happy to tell anyone, and also (although this was a struggle for him to say even to himself) rich people. But however he had felt, he certainly looked the part. Mycroft had ordered John a new suit for the occasion, and for once Sherlock could not find it in himself to resent the meddling. John’s old suit was off-the-rack – it had gaped at the lapels and bagged at the hips – and was not fit for public display. Sherlock had made this point before, but John had always dug in his heels. The difference, Sherlock supposed, was that this wasn’t one of John’s dates, but a high-profile gala where John was to mingle with impressive(-if-still-hateful) philanthropists and government dignitaries. Sometimes John benefitted from being pushed outside his comfort zone. This was one more piece in his (thin) file of evidence. He hoped he wasn’t theorizing before the facts.
“Well, Mr. Vernet,” said the gentleman whose name Sherlock had already forgotten, “executive undersecretary is a fine job for a young man making his way up through the ranks. A cousin of mine held a similar post at the Treasury some years ago. He…”
Sherlock stared down at him, blank as blank, and wordlessly John gathered him in. Feeling Sherlock lean against him, John swallowed hard, holding his own chest together with sheer bravado.
She had only a few minutes before Sherlock came in. As much as she had grieved Jim's obsession, she had thought his death would mean the end of divided loyalties. She shook her head angrily. Foolish. She always was a foolish girl.
But not if the spider theory is just a game, a joke at John's expense, another deception. The possibility, once it had occurred to John, had been impossible for John to shake off.
“It’s fine. It’s quite good, actually. But Sherlock—” John laid down his knife and fork and looked at him.
John closes his eyes. "Roaches," John says sharply. "It would attract roaches." He draws a noisy breath and meets Sherlock's eyes for the first time this evening. "That would be lovely, wouldn't it. Maybe you could make up a new theory."
Sherlock was seated on the toilet, palm upturned.  He glanced up at John and frowned. “Something wrong?”
Sherlock nodded attentively, as if he were listening, and meanwhile scanned the ballroom. Well-fed trustees of various foundations mixed with MPs and a handful of celebrity guests. His client, in a dove-grey suit by the hors d’oeuvres island in the center of the room; his alleged extortionist, in an absurd green tail coat. It was hideous, but it did save Sherlock the trouble of needing to track his movements closely.
"Yes, but he doesn't know that!" she cried. "He doesn't know you're doing anything at all, because he thinks you're dead, he watched you--" Molly took a deep breath. She seemed surprised at her own outburst. "Sherlock, even you can't be so cruel as that. I know you need everyone to think you're dead, but surely John."
Sherlock had of course entertained the notion that he was going mad: that Moriarty had orchestrated some massive, elaborate ploy to drive him out of his wits, or that Sherlock had dreamed it up himself, which was plausible given the circumstances. He was under an unusual degree of stress, exhausted and worn down by unceasing movement while still recovering from his injuries at Barts, and no doubt highly suggestible. A further argument for this possibility was the sudden absence of John, a steadying presence on whom Sherlock had come to rely, even more than he had realized at the time.
Of course John would fixate on the simplest, stupidest definitions. “Obviously not,” he snapped. "Dates are when you buy a woman dinner and attempt to charm her into sleeping with you." This whole evening was a terrible idea. He had been stupid for trying it.
“So now I, ah, push you back to the wall.” Together they walked carefully across the floor, while John rained pretend blows on Sherlock’s chest and forearms, to give Sherlock a map of where to inspect Walters and Creighton for recent bruising. John’s touch was light. It might have been better, Sherlock thought, if he had been hitting hard enough to hurt.
Maybe John was nervous. Maybe Sherlock’s proximity made him anxious. It was a plausible theory. Alternately, John might be nervous about the half-dozen armed cartel members patrolling the warehouse, whose express purpose was to shoot them on sight. That also seemed plausible. Sherlock was going to need more information.
John struggled to open his eyes. His ribs were hot, his hands were cold, and his face was… something was different about it.
“What? Yes.” This had all seemed easier when he was imagining it: his observations from the past month, their most likely explanation, his recommendations for future action, the explanation of mutual advantage. He had run through it dozens of times in his head, now, watching John as he flipped through police files, or held his gun at the ready, or cleaned the worktop in the kitchen. But looking at John looking at him, the words dried up in his throat.
'' -You did what?'' He almost knocked her over as he swirled past her, dressing gown flashing out around him. Now that he was distracted, Anthea went down the hall to the bedroom to see John.
''I think that's enough, gentlemen.'' Anthea's calm tone cut through the loud, brash tenors of the two brothers, causing them both to turn and stare at her.
''Sherlock''. Mycroft appeared at the top of the stairs, frowning down at his younger brother. Dressed in a silky, deep maroon dressing gown and plain black slippers, bare legged and with his hair mussed from sleep, he was still an intimidating figure. John stepped back, towards the front door. Sherlock laughed.
She settled back as he stood and left the car, relaxing into the seat and snuggling back against the warm leather, pulling her blanket tighter around her shoulders as she watched him enter the Diogenes club. She awoke a little as a shadow in a long coat detached from the wall and followed her employer into the building, always a few steps behind, but close enough to slip through the gilded double doors before they closed. She shook her head a little, taking her blackberry out and sending a quick text to Mycroft's phone.
The peace and gravitas of the Diogenes club startled Doctor Watson into acquiescence as Anthea led the way through the oak-panelled hallways, her heels barely making a sound on the carpeted floors while his worn out shoes dragged across the fibres, loud in the silence. He took the seat she offered, declined the drink, and stayed still and rigid throughout her explanation of the supernatural world. He seemed to know some of the details, but not enough to suggest previous close contact with a vampire. Anthea thought it may be a product of the very basic training given to medical professionals to help them treat the supernatural, but it seemed to be more detailed that the training usually required.
The next few days were quiet, Anthea working her way steadily through lists of possible donors and matching them with vampires Mycroft had found in the city, arranging meetings and payments. A boring and simple task, but one that, due to the negative response to vampirism from the wider population, could not be entrusted to anyone else in the office.
''You haven't eaten? I suppose that's what I'm for. The lady- Anthea? She said I'm supposed to move in with you. You know your address?''
