Helllllllooo anyway guys. This is a short chapter and its late (I’m sorry) I’m just really stressed out right now so I’m not going to promise anything. If not every day, it will be every other day, even if its updated at 11:50 like this one :P I don’t have that much to say about this chapter except it might have trigger warnings for child abuse and alcohol abuse and some implied stuff.
The bar had closed a half hour ago but Peter had taken a liking to the young man and decided to take shots along with him.
Steve can’t hold back his pleased smile at that, cautiously making his way to sit on the coffee table near Tony’s head. A part of him doesn’t want to linger. Steve was the one who had suggested to Clint to give Tony space tonight. Now, however, seeing the state Tony’s in, Steve is glad he came. “You shouldn’t be drinking, Tony.” He reprimands lightly. Tony rolls his eyes.
Tony smiles back appreciatively, but his nerves are still high. Bruce wasn’t really the one he was worried about either.
“Rhodey?” Steve questions, tuning back into the conversation, happy to listen to Tony’s rambling now that he’s not crying or upset.
“Look, Bruce I appreciate the effort, but I’m fine, okay? Loosing a little sleep won’t kill me.” Tony said, obviously annoyed. His usually bright and happy aura was hanging by a thread, so Bruce backed off.
Tony might’ve actually screamed in frustration. He’s not really sure anymore. He’s one second away from telling JARVIS to tell Hammer to fuck off when he stops himself. “You know what fine, tell everyone- and I mean everyone- to clear out. I’ve got an important business meeting in ten minutes that I cant have any distractions for. Send Hammer up the second they’re out.”
When the Avengers arrive home the next day they’re a little bit less than furious. They get a call at two in the morning in their hotel in Chicago, claiming that the trustworthy, innocent little eighteen year old they had left at home was currently throwing the biggest party New York has seen since the end of WWII. And sure enough, it’s on just about every news channel, the tower’s penthouse illuminated in alternating colors and spewing music that was literally pounding throughout the street below. They were about ten minutes from departure when the entire tower went black and within the next five minutes hundreds upon hundreds of people filled the streets below, all trying to either catch a taxi or walk to a nearby bar.
Tony gave Peter a kicked puppy look and Peter just about melted. “Geez Ant, I didn’t mean it like that I just didn’t expect it.” He said, his southern accent thickening.
“Pack bonds are unbecoming in business. It gives people more incentive for kidnappings, since the bond would hurt so much after enough distance and torture. Howard would never have a pack bond with his omega son. It’s just too risky. Plus, you know, Howard was never the affectionate type.” Tony says the words slowly, like Steve is missing something obvious. The omega hates talking about his dad, that much Steve can tell. The alpha doesn’t
“I’m sure I could change your mind.” Rumlow all but rumbles, breath now hitting against Tony’s neck, just above the space where claiming bites traditionally would be. Tony’s about three seconds from a full on panic attack, not sure if he’s about to fall to the ground in fear or start attacking the opposing agent with every move Nat’s ever taught him, when the elevator doors
He shrugs it off, corners of his mouth tilting up as he turns more fully, taking a half step in Steve’s direction before he takes in just how
“What happened with Howard, Tony?” Steve asks softly, so confused because really, how could Howard have changed so much?
Hundreds of tabs flew across the screen. There were mixtures of doctors’ reports, video players, and news articles, each of them containing one common factor. They each had a header that somehow concluded Tony Stark’s name.
Many called it cowardly, some called it disappointing, but most everybody called it one of the many downfalls of having an omega in charge.
“Yes, Captain, I happen to have a problem with all people who let innocent kids be in danger. And when that kid in Tony Stark-“
Still no answer. Steve was about to shake the kid when he heard the soft snore. Steve laughed quietly and slowly and gracefully picked Tony up, and laid him on the couch. Steve tried to stand back up, but Tony wouldn’t let him go. Steve was in the middle of prying them off when Tony whimpered.
Steve groans silently. He’s never acted like this in a relationship. Not that he and Tony are in a relationship… because they’re not. Steve doesn’t even want that. At least, he shouldn’t.
Tony stared after him. It was like everything was in slow motion. The dust dissipating, The footsteps growing closer, and most prominently, People saying his name.
okay SORRY for the cliffhanger but i'm on fall break right now so the chances of me uploading again soon are vvvv likely so i felt okay leaving you guys hanging a lil bit >:)
Tony stares for a moment before a disgusted look comes over his face. “I’m not that short, I’m barely shorter than you! There are centimeters, Clint! Centimeters between us!” Tony shrieks, narrowing his eyes.
Waking up to the Avengers surrounding him on the couch (which he wasn’t even quite sure how he got there) gave him a strange sense of dejavu, and also a not of strange sense of dread.
“Alright… so, what? We just sit around until the world needs us? What do we do till then?” Clint asked, obviously skeptical.
Nick responded immediately, “Yes, you wait until you need to save the world. And until then, you train. Here. At Stark’s house, which is where the Avengers Initiative base will be held.”
He didn’t want to deal with any questions from the team about Howard’s involvement with HYDRA and he certainly didn’t want to deal with Steve’s guilty eyes following him around. A part of him wanted to gloat to the alpha—that shows him to underestimate Tony Stark’s stellar research and deduction skills.
Tony wasn’t sleeping. It was hard enough being stuck in your bedroom all day when you’re tired, let alone when you’re too terrified to sleep. Every time he was about to fall asleep he would jerk awake to maniacal laughter; either Loki’s or Howards.
his job. Weapons development had taken a backseat to the new and upcoming clean energy stint Tony was on, but the past few days he’s been working on something new.
with some emotion Tony can’t define. But the moment passes and the two step away from each other, almost at the same time as Natasha strolls past them, looking more smug than Tony had ever seen her before.
And she left without a word. Suddenly, Tony is really glad that these people chose to be on his side: these great, amazing, scary and terrifying people.
“As I already told you all, Stark is doing just fine, probably only mildly upset at having Coulson as a babysitter. We need your attention on the situation at hand.” Fury motions the team forward, and they enter a much smaller room with a one-sided window. “This is the lead we found in relation to Tony’s attacker.”
IMPORTANT: Natasha uses a few Hungarian words in the chapter so I’ll just go ahead and translate in case I forget to down below.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, it’s just—” Tony giggles as he stumbles over the couch and inevitably falls into it, laying back in a lewd position. Steve averts his eyes. “The beard. It gets me every time.”
Peter picked up on the second ring with a, “Holy shit, dude, I just saw the news! What the hell was that??”
Steve flinches, face contorting into something a little more firm. “Howard fought against HYDRA in the war. He helped create
“Tony!” Steve gasped, reaching out for the younger boy. When Tony hesitantly gave Steve his hand, Steve pulled Tony on top of his own body, laughing even harder, “It’s hilarious!”
They had gone extinct. Captain America had single-handedly destroyed them and their destruction was the key to ending World War II.
He barely knows what HYDRA is. Sure, they taught a little about the organization in high school and Howard had loved going on about
Hulk began to walk towards Natasha, who was now tending to Clint’s injured head when he turned, “Need Bruce?”
“As it happens, sir, Captain Rogers asked me to alert him to your location as soon as you made your way home. You two seem very attuned to one another.”
“J, you should check on Tony, I haven’t heard from him in a few hours… I just hope Howard told him gently.”
Steve clenched his hands and bit his nails into his hands to keep from screaming in rage. “Where are they?” His voice shook with rage, his entire body shaking with it.
Tony dwindles in Peter’s lab for a few hours before heading back up to the penthouse. It’s clear the guy really has a knack for what he’s doing, and Tony’s glad to have people working in his company who actually care about what they’re working on. They don’t talk much more about personal stuff, but Peter puts his number into Tony’s phone before the omega leaves.
Steve sighed, knowing he couldn’t possibly defy the laws of the puppy-dog eyes. “Yeah, okay Tony.” Steve went to sit on the floor, but Tony sleepily pulled him onto the couch next to him. “T-tony, I-“ Steve stuttered, glad that the darkness of the room concealed his blush.
Steve bit back a groan as Bruce replied. “Right, Captain America bullying Tony Stark, I can totally see that.”
It wasn’t even hard to find. He hadn’t had to hack into any mainframes or blackmail higher ups for information like he had thought he would have to. All of the evidence was right there, in Stark Industries’ database this entire time. Tony had only had to type in his password and click on a couple of files from the archive.
Tony shakes off his surprise in an effort to keep some kind of professionalism as he remembers this is a business meeting. “I’m doing great, Obie, and business has never been better. Thanks for coming by.”
“You must have been very young when we met, молодой.” She says softly, and Steve can see the tactic she’s going with, but the boy flinches back.
“Why are you acting like this? I literally just went to a board meeting. You should be happy! If I don’t go to those, then I could get pushed out as CEO and you
“Wait. What’re you call’n me?” Tony asks, his eyes suddenly bleary. Natasha laughed and Tony suddenly realized, “You’re real gorgeous, Nat, like woah. S’no wonder why Bruce like s’you, huh?”
” Clint says, shock evident on his face and even Natasha, who had been busy inching closer towards Wanda, stops in her tracks.
“Tony, my boy!” Obadiah calls, hitting Tony “playfully” on the shoulder once more. “How’re you enjoying this wonderful party?”
Tony smiled and took her hand, bending down to kiss it. “Lovely Pepper.” He winked. “May I have this dance?”
“I have no doubt in that, Tony.” Coulson soothed. “But once the Avengers catch wind that I gave you a mission and it resulted in your injury, my life could very easily end.”
Dr. Banner seems to appreciate it anyway, smiling back, “Thank you Dr. Stark, your work on… well, just about everything else is just as impressive.”
And then suddenly, Tony was back in his body. He noted the warmness of whatever was around him and snuggled closer to it. “Unfh. Goodness gracious that freaking hurts.” Tony complains groggily, his head starting to pound at all of the noise and lights.
And that sounds all too familiar to Steve. “Maybe he just needs space… it hasn’t been that long since their death. Maybe time is what he needs.” Steve’s trying to sound comforting, but something makes him feel like he’s trying to convince
“I should probably apologize.” Tony says and JARVIS’ silence speaks volumes. “Sleep first. Let him cool off, then tonight, Steve and I have a lot to talk about.”
Lying to the team won’t be easy, but Tony’s going to have to get used to it if his secret project keeps going as well as it has been lately. He picks his hand up, charging the reactor with the press of a button and releases.
and had taken it upon himself to teach Tony how to defend himself. Ever since that day Clint had been like Tony’s older brother, fiercely loyal and protective. Even though they didn’t see each other as often these days, nothing ever changed between the two of them.
Reviews make the sun shine (unless youre like me and love rain, in which case it makes it rain harder) and kudos, favorites, bookmarks , etc they just make me want to werk it all over (and I cant twerk so its // funny)
Tony decided that it was okay for Peter and he to fight about some things. And Peter was apologizing this time
“We have been watching over Hammer ever since you and he had that “dispute” a year ago.” Coulson started.
as he hears Tony’s terrified voice once more. Steve and Clint glance at each other as the distinctly female voice crackles over the speakers. The voice is completely unrecognizable. There’s a heavy accent, but Steve can understand how Tony was confused seeing as the voice sounded layered, as though several people were speaking at once.
Steve can’t stop the growl that leaves his mouth. “If Fury thinks for one second that we aren’t going straight back to Tony-“
“I’m fine. I’m okay.” Tony repeats, eyes wavering to move towards Wanda. “She- she said she’s here to help.”
Steve bit his lip for a second, contemplating his next move. “I’m… just-“ And Steve just leans in that little bit more and finally collides his mouth with Tony’s.
Tony smiles, bitter and mean, as he sits up. “Everyone always says that. ‘So sorry for your loss,’” The omega scoffs, a disgusted look on his face. “They don’t even know what to be sorry about.”
“Sorry, Cap, I didn’t see yo-“ Tony stopped talking once he realized that the person he ran into was not Steve.
An overwhelming sense of terrifying déjà vu overcomes Tony and he spins around quickly with his fist raised.
As he was walking he heard Bruce say lowly, “For the record, he’s under aged and if you ever see him here around again I suggest you tell me first thing unless you want me to get angry. You don’t want me angry”
Tony flushes slightly as Clint rolls his eyes. “C’mere, kid, let me make you breakfast. You look like you haven’t eaten in weeks.
There was no response for a while until, “Jarv-vis?” A heartbreaking sound followed. Jarvis slowly opened the door.
“Shield has been investigating the uprising of an unknown group across Northeast Asia. It wasn’t confirmed until recently, but HYDRA is back, and they’ve got their own team of supers.” Fury’s words aren’t taken lightly.
He doesn’t look up to see Steve’s distrustful look but he can feel it burning into the top of his head, he looks to Clint instead.
The entire room looks to her and she moves to stand. Ignoring the multiple noises of weapons being drawn in her direction, she speaks to Tony directly. “Now that Pietro and I have failed, they will send
. Probably smaller than Steve was before the serum. And his smile, well.  It’s not like Steve’s never had an omega smile at him before. Hell, just about every omega he’s met since the serum has sent him their best and brightest. Not a single one compares to the smile this omega gives him.
“How would they have known that?” He asks lowly. According to the public, Howard and Tony were closer than ever. How else would an omega like Tony have learned how to be such an amazing engineer if he didn’t have a strong, smart Alpha like Howard teaching him?
And Steve understands. No matter how many people told him they were so sorry for his loss when his mother died—when
So guys I really REALLY shouldn’t be writing right now. Not only do I have my permit test on Tuesday (///UPDATE/// I GOT MY PERMIT. 1 QUESTION WRONG BABYS OMG) but I also have a Julius Caesar memorization due Thursday that is FREAKING me OUUUUT. I’m so scared omgomg.
-malfunction-“ Jarvis’ voice, glitching and pitchy, cuts off, startling Tony out of his work and making him push the goggles on his face up onto his head.
Phil was cut off by a vicious sounding growl, “PHILLIP COULSON I SWEAR TO GOD-“ the phone cut off after that.
showed up at the Howard Stark memorial. Nobody, not one single person aside from Clint, Nat, and Rhodey knew what they were saying sorry for. I lost my
“Tony?” Steve called quietly through the door of Tony’s bedroom. Not awaiting the response he knew wouldn’t come, he quickly said, “The team has some, ah- business in Chicago. So, we don’t know when we’ll be back, but um…” Steve sighed, leaning his entire body against the doorframe. “I’ll miss you- we all will.” He moved his ear to the door and he could swear that he could hear Tony’s shallow breaths on the other side. “Coulson will be along shortly to bab- just to be here, make sure you’re alright, okay?”
“Careful there, soldier, I might just take you up on it.” Tony throws back and Steve chuckles, unwillingly leaning forward as if he’s being sucked into the omega’s gravitational pull. He’s surprised, because he thought Erkinstein said he wasn’t ever going to be able to get drunk. Right now, looking at Tony’s sleepy, smiling face, he definitely feels tipsy.
The growling man had stopped, also diverting his attention to Tony. “Let him go, Katniss, he’s only gun’ hurt his fucking self.”
“They got into the lab last time.” Tony curses lowly under his breath, wishing his hands would stop shaking.
“Oh come on, you didn’t say anything that bad.” Steve says, unsuccessfully trying to cover his amusement.
Tony woke up to a warm bed, feeling well rested for the first time in a long time. He yawned, and felt the arms around his waist tighten and a nose nuzzle the back of his neck. Tony let out a small sound of approval, pushing back into the body before he felt- wait… was that…?
Well, Steve didn’t trust Clint with Tony anymore. Clint tried to explain to Steve and Tony why he walked out, but Steve didn’t want to hear it. Somewhere, Steve knew that Clint meant no harm to Tony, but his protective instincts had been at an all-time high ever since a front-giant psychopath endangered his Tony’s life.
“They called me many things.” She says, her voice soft and almost dream-like, “prizrak,” sometimes “ved’ma.” She’s quiet for another moment. “I think I like to be called Wanda.”
The second that Steve gets off the phone with Tony, Natasha receives a call from Shield demanding their immediate presence back at Shield’s headquarters. Apparently a group of agents caught someone connected to Tony’s attacker earlier this morning.
ANYWAYS. please excuse any errors because i don't do the whole beta thing and it's too late for me to be writing :P
Just as Steve's about to have a full blown melt down and storm the workshop himself, Tony bursts into the room.
Tony blushed even harder and scratched the back of his neck. “Logan’s a really good guy, Steve. He’s just had a lot of dumb… stupid stuff happen to him.”
Steve nearly blacked out when Tony’s tiny face came onto the screen. Each of the Avengers seemed to take a step back.
Phil smiled sadly at the group, “He’s been through a lot, and he’s changed a lot. For the better.” He adds. “But Tony can be pretty nasty when he wants to be.” Phil says quickly, “Just keep in mind that he basically worships the ground you guys walk on. You don’t want to ruin his view of you, though it may not matter much. Tony has a way of finding good things in bad people.”
Also I just want to make it explicit that I have absolutely 0 experience kissing and sexual activities and such. Everything I have here is based off of the tons of slash smut I read daily so… I hope its not too awfully awkward… ha…ha…
“Rhodey!” Tony all but squealed, trying to get up from the ground. But a large hand kept him on the ground and the heroes around him gave him forbidding looks. Tony sighed and opted to keep everyone happy by calling, “We’re in here!”
Coulson gave him an amused grin, “Do you even have to ask that, Tony? We keep tabs on any and everyone, especially people who threaten agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.”
“Sounds good. But first, Tony, I want you to go to medical and make sure everything is okay.” Steve says decisively.
He keeps taking steps towards Tony. Tony stops moving away. They’re just inches apart but Tony can’t find himself to care. Steve’s voice is just a low growl at this point, but it sounds like heaven to Tony. The tension between them is palpable and even though Tony can see it in Steve’s eyes he can’t help but wonder if he’s making this up in his head.
There's going to be a lot of changes to this story but also a majority of the bones are STAYING. the villain is different because back then i thought loki was a villain (??? the clownery) and there are no more weird ass original characters (literally why tf did i have an main "original" character named peter? who let me do that) and Tony is no longer a completely ignorant innocent child because no nineteen year old with the backstory he has would be that dumb and i was doing Tony Stark a disservice by treating him like that.
Tony opened his mouth ready to fight back, but he quickly closed it. “Wait, what- uh… I mean, yeah! Of course I am!” Tony said, confused.
Steve lets go, chuckling weakly as he scratches the back of his neck. “Sorry, I don’t know why I’m acting so—you just smell really anxious.” Steve says, looking embarrassed as he says so.
Something in his voice must’ve concerned Peter because the next thing Tony knows, Peter is literally picking him up (surprisingly gently) and laying down with Tony on the couch. Now with Tony’s head now against Peters shoulder, he began to feel more comfortable and a lot less lonely then before. “If I tell you the truth, I’ll have to kill you.”
. “You’ll… you’ll protect me?” He asks, voice small and disbelieving. In the back of his head he can already
The beta winces slightly, “I feel like now is the right time for me to say I do know who you are… and I also know your secondary gender.” The words come out in a rush, “But I totally don’t care about either of those things and would really like for us to be friends.”
“No! Steve listen here right now. Peter told me what you said to him and I’m not okay with it. Peter is my friend- pretty much my only friend and I don’t want you screwing it up for me! I’m sorry- I just- I don’t like it when you think I need constant supervision. I’m old enough to own a multi-billion dollar company, which means I’m old enough to make my own friends and I’m old enough to have alone time. Got it?” Tony said loudly and sternly, barely taking any breaths in between sentences.
He said- he said I have a choice to make and that he was warning me. Oh my god. He’s going to come back what if he comes back?” Tony asks, now opting to dig his nails into his own arms, grounding himself as best he can. He can’t even tell if he’s in a dream or not anymore. Steve is gripping his arms, trying to keep Tony from hurting himself but Tony is scared in a way he hasn't been in a
Tony turns to look and see, and yeah, Pepper’s giving him that ‘I’m so sorry I did this to you’ look, just like in all the action movies he’s seen.
“The Red Room is a ghost story.” Wanda fires back, “HYDRA is a ghost story.” Her voice loses it’s energy quickly. “They are all the same… until they are not.”
There was a long pause of silence before that strange, deep, oddly accented voice pierced the air, “Well, Captain, I can’t say I’m not surprised. You’ve always had a knack for coming in and ruining my fun.”
“Oh wow.” Tony said, not realizing that he had interrupted the doctor’s analysis. “I guess that guy grabbed me harder than I thought.” He shrugged.
The entirety of the Avengers team was notably frustrated. They all had slept somewhat uncomfortably, each having fallen asleep waiting for Tony to return in their designated spots. Not only were they frustrated because of their sore bodies but they also had to deal with the fact that Tony was still upset with them. Tony’s emotions towards the Avengers had been on and off for a while, and they understood that it was their faults that it continued to be that way. Ever since the “Howard Incident” had happened things had been strained.
Tony cuts them off instantly. "I'm sorry, I think there must have been a miscommunication. I'd be happy to partner with HammerTech on many things, Obie, but SI doesn't do weapons. Not anymore."
The handshake goes on for a bit too long, Steve staring at Tony inquisitively. Tony really doesn’t mind. The more that Steve stares at
Behind him was Tony Stark, who was writhing and whimpering while clutching at his own shirt and the ground while seemingly unconscious.
First, a large blonde man, dressed in royal armor and a red cape. He had a large smile on his face, and Steve was 90% sure this was the demigod, Thor.
“Don’t. Please?” Tony’s eyes were barely open but Steve knew the endearing look was directed towards him.
Tony’s eyes shifted, trying to find a way out. After pushing against Steve’s arms, as if to test their strength. “About what?” He asked quietly. “The party?”
A/N: Helllllooooo everyone! I’ll try to keep this AN short (I failed (this actually might be (((no it actually is))) the longest one yet)) and sweet since they usually tend to drag on. I’m trying to post a chapter everyday (at least for the next week seeing as I wont have any school) but I’m not sure how easily I’ll be able to keep that up. I have drivers ed this week from 7:30 (in the freaking morning) to 2-ish. And my school is 30 minutes away so I get to wake up at 6, yay. But, on the bright side, I’ll have no homework and I’ll be getting home and hour and a half before I do on regular school days so that’s good. I also had to change around a few tags, just for the story’s sake. I think some of y’all might be a little upset, but I did what I had to.
Thank you all for reading, I hope you enjoyed! Please leave a comment & kudos if you did bc it really does make my day :)
Tony didn’t respond for another long pause. There was a rustle on the phone and Peter’s voice came back, not nearly as tipsy as it sounded when he had called. “We’re at the bar on ninth, right next to Tompkins Square.”
Loki grimaced. “What is possessing you that makes you think that I will fix the little one?” He tried to smirk. “There’s nothing I can gain from you?”
Steve’s breath left him in an instant. He opened his mouth to say something- anything- that would justify what they did.
Clint sags in disappointment. “Okay. Fine. Whatever. But when y’all come out of this fucking huge closet, I’m the one who gets to say ‘told you so’, okay?”
Once Bruce was back and dressed, he kneeled over Tony steadily. “I’m not much of a doctor, Steve. I think you should take him to a real bed and we get a real doctor from S.H.I.E.L.D to check him out.”
Steve isn't doubting Tony's abilities, he looks genuinely worried in the same way Clint did. Not only is avengers business dangerous stuff, but it would be time consumed and
“Geez, you give a kid all of the love and affection in the world and this is how he repays me? Slandering my suit and assaulting me. The youth these days.” Clint mutters, rubbing his side as if Tony had stabbed him.
know who’s after him, but Steve keeps going. “You can’t just run off on your own anymore. It’s not safe right now and you’re vulnerable.”
. “Tony, listen to me. Everything is going to be just fine. Shield is probably already in the building. You’re going to completely safe. Trust me.”
Tony doesn’t respond for a long time, seeming thoughtful from his place resting Steve, chin hooked over Steve’s shoulder. It’s not the most convenient position for either of them, Tony’s legs are half tucked under him, half wrapped around Steve and Steve’s arm is slowly falling asleep from where he’s currently holding himself up against the couch.
Tony gives him a horrified look, “I couldn’t survive through one of those things, I can’t imagine having to ever do one ever again.”
I’m sorry for not updating. The number 6 key on my laptop broke off and I needed time to mourn its death :(
Steve sits back, trying his best to reign in the constant worry that's probably invading his scent. He can feels Nat's eyes on him, and not for the first time he's reminded at just how dangerous she feels. His instincts can never settle down when she's around.
“God I can’t believe you guys are snuggling right now.” Clint snorts, breaking the tense silence in the room, only wincing when Nat and Steve’s sharp gazes focus on him. “Sorry, sorry.” He rectifies quickly, hands up defensively. “It’s just 16 year old Tony would have
“Hell man! I’m coming over!” Peter said excitedly. “I’ll bring the alcohol, you provide the people?”
“Alright, let’s tone it down, Tony. No “awesome spy stuff here”. Absolutely no guns, and you can’t handle wearing sunglasses at night yet.”
Oh no its not. You guys have keyboards for a reason! To comment! Y’all also have little mice and or scrolly pad things for a reason! To kudos and give me love <3 <3 (im lonely. Help)
Tony glared at him, an embarrassed flush rising up his neck. “Please tell me I didn’t come all this way just so you could make fun of me.”
“No!” Tony yelled, causing Peter to jerk upwards quickly. “I wanna be hot and manly like you and like Steve! It’s not fair!” He whined.
The agent tries his best to hide his disheartened sigh, "This is for you. Please, only use it in case of an emergency.” Coulson says, placing an immaculate looking handgun in Tony’s palm before marching out of the room without a backwards glance.
Steve felt the resistance and tension in Tony’s body fade away, and finally, Tony grabbed back and dug his nails into Steve’s shoulder blades (which really would’ve hurt if Steve didn’t have the serum). They stood like that for a while. “Tony, are you alright now?” He asked timidly.
Tony looks up, annoyed at how far he has to tilt his head to meet Steve’s eyes. Steve looks concerned, confused and
Fury, who looks like he’s trying his absolute hardest not to outright grin like a normal human being, nods, waving them all away. “All of your things will be transported to Stark tower within the next few hours. You’re all dismissed.”
Tony brushed it off, “That’s fine. I have Coulson and Peter. Peter’s actually coming over later I think.”
Steve bit back a whimper of his own, and rubbed his cheek against Tony’s hair, “It’s over now, and I swear that it will never happen again.”
There were a couple of sniffs from the other side before a Tony Stark opened the door with red rimmed eyes and an apprehensive look. “Is there something you need, Captain?” He asked, painfully serious. Steve’s heart broke a little more.
.” The alpha actually looks disappointed as he stares at Tony. “You’re young and you never experienced HYDRA firsthand. You don’t understand what you’re saying about your own father. HYDRA agents were the single most evil people I’ve ever encountered.”
Tony shook his head to clear it. He gripped the distinctive whiskey in his hand, the bartender had given it to him with a paternal looking glare, daring him to drink it. Tony just rolled his eyes and leaned against the counter, waiting for this informant to show up.
don’t take any of it back.” Tony surprises himself by saying. His eyes his the floor, not wanting to see Steve’s reaction now that they aren’t in a heated shouting match.
. Of course, Tony had always pictured him to be but he thought after all those years under ice would have at least aged him a
them. Everyone would know the consequences of messing with you because, if you were mine, I would never let anyone forget it.” Their noses are brushing, Steve’s voice is so angry but his face is so unbelievably fond and
There’s a sigh coming from the person next to him and Tony decides to sneak a look, even though he’s already pretty sure he knows who it is.
“No.” The agent cuts him off. “I told you all not to go snooping in his past and what do you do? You do exactly what I told you not to!” Coulson says, his voice louder than anyone had heard before.
When the team arrived at the bar, the bar was completely empty save for Tony and Peter. Steve was the first to walk through the door, scouring the room for Tony. When his eyes landed on the small teen, sleeping almost completely on top the man Steve guessed was Peter. Peter looked like he was in the same state of tiredness, leaning against Tony. Steve reigned in his jealousy as he walked in front of the two.
“Is it so wrong for me to want to reconnect with old friends?” He asks in mock confusion. Tony stays silent. Both of the men know that this isn’t a friendly meeting. Justin laughs awkwardly. “Well, um, I’m actually here to talk about a few things.”
The beta shrugs “My first job was with this guy, Dr. Curt Connors? You might’ve heard of him. Anyway, he was really into this kind of stuff. Turns out, the guy was kinda psycho and tried to destroy Queens.” He rambles, reminding Tony an awful lot of himself. “But I really got into the whole prosthetic thing so… here I am.”
It doesn’t take them long to get back to base after that. The three alphas, along with Bruce, enter what looks to be one of Shield’s high security floors, mostly meant for interrogation.
“Look, all I know is that 10 minutes ago he had me pinned to the elevator door, basically telling me to back away from his property.” Peter said apprehensively, raising his hands in a surrendering gesture.
Captain America didn’t have to settle for being Tony’s childhood crush, idol, and personal hero. He also had to be the kind of alpha Tony had only ever dreamed about.
, but something was different. The smoke cleared almost instantly and instead of a demanding, layered voice booming through the room, it’s just-
There was a silence of understanding. “Fair enough.” Clint said quietly. “But that doesn’t mean that what that Peter kid did was right. And that definitely doesn’t mean I like him.”
Tony sighed and continued to give the Avengers all the visual help he could, but Tony couldn’t help but feel completely and utterly useless.
“What do you mean, Tony, you have to explain.” Steve says, clearly trying his best to use his best calm and collected alpha voice to help ease Tony’s worries but the omega is beyond that point, shaking his head frantically and pulling away.
The second that Steve heard Hulk, he knew that Loki wouldn’t be winning this battle. He watched as the Hulk smashed into the evil frost-giant, sickly satisfied at the pained and terrified noises coming from the man.
Bruce, on the other hand was astonished. No one had ever complimented the Hulk, before. Not that Bruce though he deserved any, but still, the compliment was more than gratifying. “Thank you, Mr. Stark.”
Suddenly, Logan’s phone (the one Tony had made him exchange for his ’08 razor) rang. It startled everyone in the previous silence. Logan scrambled to see who it was and his eyes widened when he saw the contact:
Natasha’s jaw drops at that and both Steve and Clint stop for a moment. It isn’t often that Nat is caught off guard. “There’s no way.” She says softly, stepping towards the mirrored glass.
Steve heard Logan’s (and Bruce’s) low growl, but he ignored them, taking another angry (jealous) breath and striding to the couch. He roughly pulled the fully clothed boy out from under Tony, making half of Tony’s body fall off the couch, jarring him awake, “Wha- Oh my god!”
“No, no, no. We all know how you succumb to the puppy eyes, Steve.” Natasha laughed, “I’ll go. I want to see my kis cica anyway.”
Tony had absolutely no idea who these people were, but he might as well act like he did. “I’m legal and rich, boys, that’s all that matters.” He said, grinning as they agreed with laughs. Laying low shouldn’t be too hard when you’re surrounded by tons of groups of loud, drunken men surrounding the bars while the more sophisticated of the members danced with their dates.
Bruce then stands from where he was quietly taking in the brewing fight, “Fury says the situation at the tower is under control. What if whoever they caught is the attacker? Maybe they got to them before they could get to Tony. We’re listening to Fury and that’s final.” Bruce states, leaving the two alphas with a serious look before returning to his book in front of him.
Tony did not know that. He simply raises his eyebrows, not willing to show Obie just how much this meeting caught him off guard. “And what sort of partnership do you propose?”
The frost giant smirked lightly at him, “You’re smart as well, I see. Don’t you worry, Tony Stark, we’ll be seeing a lot more of each-other.” And with that, Loki patted Tony on the head and disappeared, leaving behind a cloud of gold dust. Tony would’ve been worried about the dust, but his brain was still contemplating whether seeing Loki again would be a good thing of a bad thing.
The girl pays no mind to his obvious discomfort, sliding heavily down the metal wall behind her. She meets his eyes, “HYDRA.” The words are nothing but a pained whisper. Tony closes his eyes at the confirmation, not surprised.
“Not intimidating at all, agent.” Tony says dryly. He reads through the contract. Before Tony could walk he knew that you never sign anything until you’ve read every word of the agreement. The contract involves many terrifying articles and it takes Tony a few minutes to get through all of it, but Coulson says nothing until Tony signs it.
“And that won’t be a problem for him and his family?” Clint asked, gesturing towards the door Tony left through, with an eyebrow raised.
As if Tony wasn’t already preening at Nat’s attention, this amount of praise, especially by someone he respected so much had him brimming with pride.
Right now, they’re all in the large living room. The large T.V. that was hitched onto the floor-to-ceiling windows was turned onto “Wreck-it-Ralph”. Tony was sitting on the floor, yet again, this time though he was sitting in Steve’s lap, crossways. The two were completely comfortable with the position, both avidly watching the movie.
, Steve!” Tony shouts, shoving his hands against Steve’s huge frame and Steve allows it, taking several steps back. Both of their chests are heaving and for a second, Tony feels like he may have gone too far. He opens his mouth, ready to apologize immediately.
The door that they’re standing in front of swings open abruptly, Clint Barton hurdling out of it and grabbing Tony into an embrace, nuzzling his neck like only packmates do. No matter how embarrassed Tony feels right now, no matter how much he feels like
whimper out loud because suddenly, the stranger is staring down at him, looking incredibly worried and also drop dead gorgeous.
Obadiah Stane did indeed walk in, an older, but very pretty red head on his arm. Her own eyes were sharp and focused on the bar area, searching the entire area until her eyes landed on Tony. Tony put on his cocky billionaire façade and tipped his head slightly at her, as if he was beckoning her over.
. All of Tony’s life, he’s been told he’s short, even by omega standards, but he’s never felt shorter than he does right now. The top of his head is just brushing the alpha’s jaw, their proximity giving away just how huge their height difference is.
Clint looks troubled at the words. Everyone does, but Steve can see an extra shade of something behind his teammates eyes. In the short amount of time Steve’s known Clint, the man had never had such a violent look in his eyes.
He makes his way to the workshop, wanting to avoid the silence as well as the news. He hates watching them fight, even if they all look a thousand times better now that he’s redone their suits. He gets too much anxiety watching his friends take hit after hit when he can’t do anything to help.
Tony backs away from the door slowly, trying his best to calm himself down. He flinches as a pounding fist hits the door and doesn’t release his breath until the shadow under the door disappears. Sliding down the wall opposing the doorway, Tony sits, ready to stay in this lab for days if that’s what it means to stay away from Steve’s righteous anger.
Luckily, Steve has the foresight not to ask any of those questions. Tony’s grateful for the silence and it isn’t long before the two settle into the bed more comfortably. Before they turn the lights out, Steve turns to face the younger boy in his bed. Tony wonders for a moment if this is weird, but he brushes it off quickly. He figures he and Steve will initiate a pack bond sometime soon anyway- similar to how he and Clint did. Sleeping as a pack was a lot more normal 50 years ago, but a lot of people still did it for comfort.
“I have the video evidence if you need proof, Sir.” JARVIS snarks back and Tony resists the urge to flip off the ceiling.
Bruce sends a comforting smile Tony’s way. “I’m hoping I won’t be needed much on the field, but I am definitely excited to work with you in the lab sometime.”
Clint’s amused and cocky expression faltered, shifting into a slightly guilty smile. “But, it’s just… Natasha and Bruce were so sure that Tony was going to make the first move after all that cute wrestling and then the dragging off to the bedroom, but Logan and I just knew that Steve had some dirty, pervy-old man in him!” Clint took a deep breath, “We had to find out somehow!”
Okay, I know I KNOW and I’m really sorry this took so long. Feel free to blame school cause’ you know I do. The new chapter will be up sooner I SWEAR. Just know that kudos/comments/ and idea suggestions make me work even faster! I love you guys!
Steve knew that none of the members meant to hurt anyone, especially Tony. And damn right he wanted to know what happened to Tony- but… “It feels so wrong…” Steve muttered.
“You already look tired, Tony.” Bruce pointed out. Bruce knew the kid didn’t get enough sleep. Anyone could tell by the dark color under his young eyes. Bruce wanted to talk to him about his sleeping habits, as a doctor and as Tony’s friend. “If you’re having trouble sleeping Tony, I can always giv-“ Bruce was cut off by Tony.
Tony glares fiercely up at the ceiling. “I warned you, Jay. You’re off to Goodwill next thing tomorrow morning.”
The laughter immediately stopped when a new voice rang out from the elevator. “Anthony Edward Stark your scrawny ass better not be injured or so help me god-“
“Steve, you cannot honestly say that you aren’t dying to know. It’s not like we’re using this for bad. We just feel that we need to know so we can better understand and love Tony, Steve. You know that.” Natasha said convincingly.
Tony shoots him a disapproving look as he pulls on a large long sleeved shirt Steve’s never seen before. As Steve began brushing his teeth in the master bathroom attached to Tony’s room he asked in a muffled voice, “What’s black Sabbath?”
“We aren’t the ones that you need to worry about.” The girl says softly and the room quiets even further.
Tony’s jaw dropped, “Wh- me? But- I, what? No, no. You’re the genius, I mean, dude, your work on gamma radiation?! And- not to mention the whole green rage monster thing, which is totally aweso-“
“-And not only that. Tony, you’re also charming and kind and lets not forget that you’re also a complete super genius.” Steve continued, still forcing the uncomfortable eighteen year-old to meet his eyes. “And those are only a few of the things that I really-“ Steve kissed his forehead. “really-“ Steve kissed his nose. “-like about you.” Steve’s lips hovered over Tony’s for a moment while Steve gauged his reaction.
It’s all Tony can do to not gape at Steve. Out of everyone, he thought Steve would understand the potential threat of HYDRA. “Steve how are you sure? You were gone for a long time, they could’ve rebuilt. And we’ve already established the fact that Howard was much different when you knew him.” Tony argues, voice rising steadily. He hardly wanted to bring this up in the first place, but he had never expected to be doubted by
but you know what I mean. I wasn’t built for this kind of pressure.” Tony rambles, fully realizing how insane he probably sounds in front of this gorgeous alpha but he needs to do this. Maybe if he gets it all out now he won’t accidentally yell all of it in Captain America’s face when they finally meet.
Disclaimer: Stan-Lee is one beautiful possessive motherfucker so the Avengers will never belong to one Mary Claire Warren
He has plans. Plans that are all spread out across his workshop desk. Plans of miniature arc reactors that can create concentrated, controlled explosions. Stabilizers that can create feasible human flight. Ever since he perfected the arc reactor with Bruce’s inadvertent help, he had known there was a greater meaning for them, even beyond the implementation of clean energy. This had to be it.
Tony made some sort of growling puppy noise that made Peter want to laugh. “I just- UGH!” He yells, pacing across the floor, exasperated.
Tony’s eyes shifted to hers for a millisecond before returning to the wall behind Steve’s head. She sighed softly before going to sit by Bruce, who gave her a soft smile. Steve raised his eyebrow at Bruce, who just rolled his eyes at the look Steve gave him. Thor munched on one of the seven pop tart packages he had in front of him, completely oblivious to the outside world.
“As for why I’m nervous let’s just say I’m meeting someone I’ve looked up to for a while.” Tony says, sighing as he realizes just how close he is to being in the same room as Captain America. “As in, my whole entire life. I’m pretty much meeting my childhood crush in a few minutes.” Tony says, leaning against the elevator wall in an attempt to ground himself.
“I… I don’t like being underwater.” Tony said tiredly, before the 19 year old collapsed entirely into Captain America’s arms.
“I don’t know if I’d say friends…” Logan said, and Steve was about to snap at him for being rude, but Tony replied.
“Oh, and you are…what? The guy who provides him with booze when he’s lonely?” Steve retorts cruelly.
Tony yelped once more and rushed down the hallway, nearly sleeping on his socked feet. He jumped into his bed—well okay, actually Steve’s bed, but Tony hasn’t been able to sleep and Steve’s smell just helps, okay?
“Yeah, so you can see why I’d be nervous. It’s not like I’ve been dreaming about this day for the past 19 years of my life. I had posters of him on my ceiling for years. I dressed up as him for Halloween for nine years in a row. And now I’m supposed to act like a normal human being? Okay well, not like I ever act
Steve opens his mouth, clearly about to contradict her words before the suspicious smell of old spice and leather fill the room. Fury blazes into the room, gesturing to a group of soldiers that immediately vacate the vicinity. “The girl is right, Rogers.” He all but mutters his first words and the remaining team members all but gape at him.
Steve’s reaction isn’t exactly what Tony expected. At first, yes, he looks extremely shocked. But once he fully processes the information, Steve doesn’t look concerned. If anything, he looks pitying. “Tony…” He sighs softly, “You’ve been through a lot these past few days.”
“Hey, hey, no, it’s okay, it’s fine.” Steve grabs Tony’s hands and pulls him from his face, taking another step closer so Tony’s nose just about bumps into his chest. “I’m just teasing, don’t worry, I already forgot everything you said anyway.” Steve soothes as he attempts to lie unconvincingly.
Also, did y’all know that the fastest Rubik’s cube solver did it in 5 seconds?? Tony’s best time is around 10 (according to me) I did math for this chapter… praise me.
He nods when it’s polite and tries his best not to fall asleep as people bring out their PowerPoints about budget cuts or marketing plans or whatever this particular meeting is about.
Tony rolled his eyes at Bruce’s paternal instincts, “Okay, okay. Any other rules you want to add, commander?”
The entry room was silent, which was never the case seeing as the entry way was completely open to the living room, den, and kitchen & bar area. Steve inhaled deeply before calling out, “Tony? Clint?”
“Family name.” Tony deadpans. “You can call me Tony.” He says, watching as the sun started setting outside the bar.
Obadiah Stane hadn’t changed one bit since the last time Tony saw him at his father’s funeral. He’s still
This time Tony complains, “That’s definitely not necessary, Cap. Look at me, I’m fine.” He stands straight and raises his arms, rotating around as if to show him he’s not injured.
Steve looks between the omega still hovering in his arms and the mutant across the room. “Howard actually was a part of this?”
He does not expect Steve to stare back, eyes hooded as he tilts his head to the side. Tony hadn’t noticed how close they were before. His voice is low, deeper than it had been before as he agrees, “Yes, you are.”
Tony shrugs, “It’s complicated, I guess. Nat’s close, definitely, but I don’t think she bonds easily. Something to do with the whole Russian assassin thing. I’ve known her a few years but she hasn’t expressed any real interest in a bond, not even to Clint.”
Then came the pounding headache along with the rise in his throat. His eyes widened almost comically, throwing the arms that were around him off and in a flash he was slamming his body against the cold linoleum of the bathroom floor, puking his guts out into the toilet. There had been a startled yelp from the bed when he was racing over but he didn’t exactly have the time or care to think about that now. He hazily felt a hand rubbing from the back of his neck to the bottom of his spine. He also may or may not have heard words such as, “you’re fine.” “I’m so sorry.” And “It’ll get better, I promise.”
“Sir is not referring to me, Captain Rogers.” The AI says, almost defensively. Tony did say that his creation is just three months old, he’s a bit testy at times. “He’s referring to my namesake, Sir Edwin Jarvis.
Steve swung around to Rhodey, “Does he have one of those? Would he really go into a bar? Where people could see him? He’s not that stupid is he?”
Once, finally, it did get better, Tony’s cheek was pressed against the cold seat of the toilet bowl. He was still moaning unhappily at the shakiness of his body, but he was pretty sure he had gotten all of the grossness out of his system. “God.” He whimpers sadly.
Soon, Tony’s whimpers turn into gasps of pain and Loki watches as in only minutes, Earth’s mightiest heroes have turned into pathetic, begging imbeciles.
Then they had the distinct pleasure of being woken up by the familiar sound of the “Avengers Assemble” alarm.
Tony stares at Peter for a moment, dumbfounded, before stammering, “What? Ownership? You’re one hundred percent off on that one, Petey.”
As for this, comment, follow, favorite, send me copious amounts of food, petition against ever waking up before 9:30, and drink more coca-cola.
“Dick.” Peter huffed, getting off the ground and brushing himself off as the elevator started moving to its original destination.
Steve shakes his head before Tony even finishes his sentence. “It doesn’t matter if it makes sense, Tony. We’re on a team, I should have trusted your judgement.” He looks at his feet in what might be anger. “I should have listened. I was being a bad a friend and… an even worse alpha.”
Tony laughed again, not having any real reason to. “That’s what everyone says- the cute thing.” He sighs.
A loud whine sounds before a blinding, blue-white light fills the room and forces Tony to close his eyes for a second.
“Fury, glad to see you’re as bright and bubbly as always. Nat, hello.” He says cheekily, dropping down into a chair next to Nat, who graces him with a gorgeous smile and brushes a curly hair out of his face.
He was so caught up in his thoughts that he almost didn’t notice the man standing in the middle of the workshop, dressed in gold and green.
She would pet his hair and tell him to never fall in love, or to never have children, because they only ruined good things.
It’s worse when they go through the doctor’s papers. There are 89 in total. Some are for lesser injuries, and others are for intense surgeries. At least 2 photos (one from the back, and one from the front) accompanied each paper. Sometimes there are more, depending on how bad the injury is. Each of the 89 papers was signed by Tony’s old personal doctor. The cause of injury section is always left blank.
“Guys, be nice, please.” Tony said awkwardly, brushing himself off as Clint let him go. Clint smiled apologetically at Tony before heading back to his room, Natasha, who must’ve been there the entire time (and this is about the time that Tony realizes that Nat could easily figure out some pretty messed up stuff about Tony just by doing that whole silent-walk-y thing), following closely behind.
Steve’s shaking breath comes through the line and Tony tries not to whimper out loud. The pure terror he’s feeling right now is downright embarrassing but this isn't just some random bad guy. It’s
Tony turns towards Peter quickly, “They should already be over it- whatever IT is! You didn’t even do anything wrong! They’re just jealous, overprotective FREAKS who don’t understand that I can have other friends! GOODNESS GRACIOUS.” He yells, clutching his hair in his hands tightly.
Tony made his way quickly over to where the red head was, standing in front of her and grinning cockily (though Tony was pretty intimidated cause he was pretty sure she was a little taller than him).
Tony whimpers at the name, but uncovers his face. His eyes are red and his face is damp. The sight makes Steve’s heart surge, wanting nothing more than to just drop the conversation and somehow make everything all better. Steve moves from his place on the coffee table to sit next to Tony on the huge couch, placing a comforting hang on the omega’s lower back as he continues.
“There are agents posted throughout the entire building, it doesn’t matter if Tony doesn’t know about them. If hey hear, see, or even just have a bad feeling about anything, they’ll be up here within a minute.” Clint pointed out.
Logan growled in disgust, “Fuck no.” He said as he smashed the blunt side of his claw against Loki’s head, affectively knocking him out.
Bruce and Nat enter the workshop, the scientist moving towards Steve and Tony with a worried look. Bruce's scent is dull, like most betas smell to alphas and omegas, and Steve appreciates it. Bruce wastes no time in checking over the omega's heart rate similar to what Nat did while also looking for any signs of broken bones or any other physical injury. "This isn't really my area of expertise," Bruce admits, "He seems fine, but we should really get him to a doctor."
Tony was nervous. He bounced on his toes skittishly and twiddled his thumbs. Agent Phil Coulson, the official handler for the Avengers Initiative, gave him a judgmental glance before sending him a sympathetic nod. That wasn’t helping Tony’s nervousness.
The two had woken up tangled together even more intricately than they had fallen asleep. Steve’s arms wrapped completely around the omega and his head snoozing against Tony’s fluffy bedhead. They hadn’t said much, just an awkward cough as Steve rolled out to go on his morning run. He had left Tony with a hand carding through the younger’s hair, but no words were exchanged.
“Okay then, Tony, just try to get some sleep, yeah?” He gave the kid a smile, ruffled his hair a little more and walked out of the room.
“Not a problem Dr. Banner.” Phil reassured him, shaking his hand. “Dr. Banner, this is Tony Stark, our-“
Okay so maybe, maybe it made sense that he wasn’t wearing the spangley outfit but nothing could possibly explain how the man still looked to be in his mid-twenties. Or the beard. That was really throwing Tony off.
Justin’s smile slips off his face, a confused and angry one replacing it. “Come on, Tony! It’s just a bit of fun! I thought teenagers were supposed to be fun and exciting!”
Phil Coulson, who had been called in not 10 minutes ago, walked into the room. “Logan’s right, whatever he has done this time is of no consequence. What is important is that someone is after you, Tony.”
Steve raised his eyebrow, standing and walking slowly towards Tony, yawning as well. “You know, Tony, I may just go to bed, long day and all…” He said. Tony’s smirk fell, thinking maybe he had lost the flirty banter he had going on with Steve.
Tony looks at the man with a confused gaze, “Um yeah, hi, Tony Stark.” He says awkwardly, giving the older man his hand. “Do I know you?”
Tony gives him a funny look before looking where Steve was pointing at his shirt, and realizing what Steve meant. “Some band Petey likes, I think. It was his favorite shirt when he was younger, but now it doesn’t fit him.” Tony shrugs, walking into the bathroom and searching for his toothbrush. “Where is my toothbrush?””
“Oh, um yeah, I guess this is- uh, yours.” The bartender said nervously, nudging Tony forward. “Do you need help getting him ou-“ Peter stopped as he watched Steve pull Tony up into his arms seamlessly like he weighed nothing. “Or you could just do that.” He said, backing away from Steve, who was glaring at Peter.
Tony nods. “It’s about the person that attacked me. I’ve been doing some research.” He pauses, internally debating if he really was making the right choice here. “I wasn’t even sure if I was going to tell anyone about this before I got more information. I don’t know who’s trustworthy, but I think I can trust you.”
, not Tony Stark. Tony isn’t even sure how a look can convey that and there’s a very good chance he’s just projecting his own feelings onto Steve.
It doesn’t help that Tony’s “shove” didn’t even come close to budging Steve. Not even close. “You’re a troll, you know that?”
“Hey, you okay?” Clint asks as he catches up with him easily, dropping an arm around Tony’s shoulders. The words are so familiar. Tony can still hear them like the first day they met, when Tony was just fifteen with bruises coloring his jaw and neck. That was the day their tiny pack of two had began—the day Clint had become the first and only person to know about Tony’s
Steve’s never exactly been good at relationships. Sure, Steve was nice to strangers and was a good friend, but when it comes to feelings and romance, Steve falls short. Everyone knows the story of Captain America’s lost love, Peggy Carter. No one knows the story of Steve Rogers’ non-existent love life. Frankly, Steve would rather keep it that way; Especially the whole part where he’s only interested in men.
who’s coming after you. For all we know, it could be one of your employees. It could be one of the board members! I swear, when I found out you left the penthouse without one of us with you I-“ Steve cuts himself off. Tony starts shaking his head, because he
One day. Tony thought whimsically as he watched Steve bash another lizard’s head in with his shield.
Tony fell to the ground in agony. “He knows. He knows. He knows everything.” He heard people screaming his name. His friends. His family. His… Steve. But no matter how hard he tried He couldn’t answer. He could only dig his nails into the cement ground and listen and watch the horrific life that he lived. Howard was right. Howard was always right.
“She- Wanda.” Tony corrects, remembering the heartbreaking look that had crossed the girl’s face when talking about her names, “Wanda apologized and said she wants to help.”
“Like I said before, it’s just Tony.” He murmurs, looking away and standing from his chair. “Alright well? Are we done here?” He asks, looking towards Fury.
Steve growled at the southern man, “Listen closely, ‘Petey’, I don’t trust you with my Tony. I can’t tell you to stay away cause’ for some reason beyond me, he likes you despite the fact that you’re a bad influence and completely untrustworthy-“
“ Steve interrupts. “we would never be having this fight because you would not be in danger.” He continues, “If you were mine, there wouldn’t be a need for you to feel unsafe or for me to go out of my
Tony had forgotten to change out of his suit, and he was just now noticing the people getting their phones out to take pictures of him. He cursed his decision of going out in such a noticeable fashion. Usually if he threw on a hoodie and jeans no one would even blink at him, but put on that thousand dollar suit and everyone wants an autograph.
Steve didn’t read anymore. He had read this article before, as well as the following. Both of the articles were about Tony’s parent’s deaths. Both newspapers expressed them as tragic accidents, and went on to express their condolences half-heartedly.
Dust settles and smoke clears slowly, not helped by the intense amount that Dum-E is blasting away with a fire extinguisher.
“Sir, if I may, you do have a meeting scheduled in 20 minutes on the 57th floor with your board of trustees.” JARVIS intones softly, making Tony jolt out of his thoughts.
It was like being in a dark room, and suddenly the lights go on, and you’re blinded for a minute before- wow, it’s all bright and alive and beautiful.
“NO!” Tony all but roars, “I’m so tired of you all thinking you can just- Do this!” For the second time today he fists his hair in his hands tightly. “It’s my life and I need my privacy! You don’t know how hard it is to live with people who think you constantly need them! You’re not my parents! They’re dead! You’re supposed to be my friends, which means you leave me alone when I want you to! Just fuck off!” Tony yells, shoving himself off his chair so hard it clatters to the floor. He leaves Clint dumbstruck in the workshop as he barges out. Not surprisingly, Steve is waiting outside the workshop, but he definitely wasn’t expecting the storm Tony was bringing with him. He reached out an arm to stop Tony’s escape but Tony avoided it. “If you touch me right now I swear to fucking god I’ll break your nose.”
Clint threw his head against his own headboard as he heard Tony yell out again. Steve had left approximately 30 seconds ago (just to change out of the annoying outfit), and Tony, even in his barely conscious state had noticed immediately and started whining and crying out for his Steve. Bruce was in the room the second Steve had left, which must’ve calmed Tony a little, but it didn’t stop his cries.
The panic button underneath Clint’s hand had been mashed so many times, he was afraid he may have broken it. But hell, where the fuck was Phil? They needed him. Tony needed him.
been through any kind of head injury, it might be wise to give him some time before jostling him around."
“I know it’s annoying, and I’m sure you’ve heard it before,” Tony prefaces, breaking the silence suddenly as he removes his head from Steve’s shoulder so he can look into his eyes, their faces millimeters apart. “But you know what you said about wanting nothing more than for Bucky to be happy, even without you? I’m pretty sure he’d want the same for you, Steve.”
He finally looks to Steve, clearly the one who's opinion he's been dreading. Steve was friends with Howard, he has to have similar feelings about omegas, doesn't he? Tony's fears aren't sated by the contemplative look in Steve's eyes. Tony braces himself, truly not ready to hear his childhood hero reject him. Even worse, he can feel Clint tensing up next to him in the way that alphas do when they feel challenged and he
Well, that’s what the idiot gets for sneaking up on Tony like that. Clint is holding his nose and muttering explicatives while Tony is seething.
Several hours after having a semi-awkward breakfast with Steve and Clint, Tony settles down in the work shop, intent on finding any information he possibly could on
Clint mimics the head ruffle, a lot less gently, before kissing him on the head obnoxiously and skipping into the cockpit. Steve goes last, Shield holstered on his back and cowl abandoned. Steve’s hand runs down Tony’s arm before gripping him at the waist and pulling him in for a hug.
Tony huffs as the elevator stops and he drags himself into the open area of his floor. “From now until I tell you, J-man, I need you to let me know where Cap is at all times. Operation ‘Avoid Steve at All Costs’ is ago.”
“You didn’t want to believe that someone you trusted could have ever stooped that low. It makes sense, Steve. You don’t need to apologize.” Tony interrupts, having already gone through this conversation in his head many times.
But it felt real. Tony knew this day like the back of his hand. It was his 8th birthday. His mother was drunk, like always. Howard was busy, like always. Jarvis had made him his favorite breakfast, told him happy birthday, and gave him a hug. But then Jarvis had other things to do. And Tony was lonely and bored, a normal thing for a 7 year old living in a mansion with 210 acres and no one to play with.
Tony smiles awkwardly, waving a hand at Steve’s tense frame, turning back in the other direction once more as Steve calls out after him again. He wastes no time before rushing into an adjacent lab, hoping to God it was one where only specified personnel were allowed.
The archer just shakes his head, looking dumbfounded, “Tony, her brother purposefully set a trap in Baltimore this morning so that she could come here while we were gone. How is none of this suspicious to you?”
Steve chuckles, wrapping an arm around Tony and hugging him close, Tony presses his face into Steve's shoulder, inhaling the familiar safe scent there.
Anyway, 2 Sundays ago was my birthday and I’m finally 15 (woot woot) so this is my reverse really late birthday presant to y’all.
“Fundamental supervisor, and our own personal genius, I’ve heard.” Bruce gave the blushing kid a smile.
“He needs to eat. And go to sleep. What the hell is he thinking?” Steve is standing at once, ready to bust open the workshop doors just as he had the day before.
Tony doesn’t know why he’s surprised when he sees Pepper lying on the concrete of the alleyway, three large men in all black, including their masks, standing over her. Tony bursts through the door, completely ruining his chance of having the element of surprise. Luckily enough, his loud distraction gives Pepper enough time to sweep the legs out from under one of the guards and attempt to take another. The third one comes barreling at Tony, and Tony, being the manly man he is- squeaked and ducked for cover.
“It’s not like you said anything but the truth, Tony.” Steve says in that soft, sad voice that Tony absolutely adores and hates at the same time.
They all saw Rhodey’s glance of pure anger before he ran after Tony. Steve thought he was going to murder the entire team right then and there.
.” He sounds so confident, so sure of himself. “I think you’re just overwhelmed. Something really traumatic and scary happened to you and now your brain is trying to piece it all together.”
As Tony was being looked over by his personal doctor, he recounted his story. Pepper was in the room, agreeing with everything. He was 100% truthful… until the very end. “And we were, like, pushing against the wall and Pepper was giving me this look and then BAM BAM BAM, there’s this flying… metal suit-thing and it shot them down. It saved us.” He said giving a little nod to Pepper, who gave him a look before nodding as well.
This is impossible.” He whispers, shaking violently as he pitches backwards, falling to the ground with a clatter. He doesn’t stop moving though, all but crawling backwards until he slams into the wall.
“It appears to be Captain Rogers, sir. He wants you to come out to eat.” JARVIS’ British drawl filled the room. Tony groaned again, not in the mood to deal with any of the “jealous and overprotective” fools upstairs, including his boyfriend(?).
“You failed!” The deep, worn voice growled. “The boy lives and each of the Avengers are still up and fighting!”
He holds the covers tight to his face, trying to seem as cuddled up as possible, all the while hiding his injury under the covers. He quickly shucks off his tee, leaving him in just boxer briefs and socks, and he knows that Steve wouldn’t dare let anyone wake him up.
“No, no, don’t apologize! I was just.. making sure you’re alright.” The alpha says and geez, for a guy who looks the way he does, he’s pretty awkward. It strikes Tony as odd because the alpha clearly has a lot of confidence. Even in the way that he holds himself, legs in a wide stance as if ready for someone to come tackle him at any moment, and huge arms crossed over an equally huge chest,
Arriving at the tower, Tony sighed. No, he didn’t exactly want to lie to Nick, Phil, and the Avengers, but he didn’t want to sit around and listen to them talk about his sob story. He was fine. It got better. Tony wished that everyone who knew would just forget about it.
You could still only see the feet of other people, but the two different female voices were distinct.
“I got the feeling you had something else to talk to me about.” Steve says after a few more seconds, moving away.
Peter laughs for a second before pulling Tony into a hug, “Of course I still want to be your friend, you twink.”
Tony’s nostrils flared angrily. “When are you going to understand that I don’t want to talk to you?”
Amy, a beautiful middle-aged brunette who is definitely not paid enough to deal with Tony’s BS, rolls her eyes. “You’re having a meeting with HammerTech about a partnership offer. And you’re late.”
“Yeah, but you’re just 153 pounds and 5’9’’, Tony. And that face, it just makes people want to-“ The cadet is cut off as he pulls Tony off the ground easily.
Steve’s amused, somewhat pleased expression falls at that. “You don’t remember?” He asks, concerned.
“We should have at least called Tony.” Steve mutters, receiving an elbow to the stomach from Clint as Fury walks in.
Seven minutes later, Tony was walking towards a calm looking Phil Coulson. Tony opened his mouth to ask why the agent was there but Phil cut him off with a look an held up his hand. “Just here to make sure you aren’t making any plans for a party tonight.” He said, with a small smug smile.
The omega glances back, just barely meeting Steve’s gaze. He stops in his tracks, truly taken aback for a moment because
“W-What, dad?” Tony stuttered, looked at Howard with big eyes. “What’s happe-“ Tony was cut off when a large hand connected with his cheek. Tony’s tiny body swung with the slap, ending him on his side, one hand clapped over his bruised cheek. “Da-“ Tony gasped for air as a booted foot was swung into his ribcage.
“It is.” Fury agrees, not bothering to look at anyone other than Tony, “I don’t trust anyone else with the job.” He says and even though Tony was never planning on saying no, that definitely feels good to hear. As an omega in the weapons industry he’s heard a lot about being too emotional, too weak, and too
Disoriented, Peter tried to push Steve off, “Fuck off man, you’re not his dad or his older brother! You’re not anything to him!”
“Tony. You have to understand that this is a dangerous situation full of dangerous people. Believe me Tony, I would send in Barton if I could, but you’re the only one who’s here and more importantly, the only one who’s been invited.”
The room is deathly silent now, everyone looking at Tony and Steve with different emotions flickering in their eyes.
Like right now, it was Steve’s time to “babysit” Tony, so after deciding to show Steve some great movies that he missed, they were sitting on the couch watching Disney’s The Princess and the Frog. Tony was on the ground, leaning against Steve’s jean-clad leg and nuzzling his nose against it every so often, subconsciously, while also playing with a Rubik’s cube that he had solved at least 90 times within the 30 minutes the movie had been going on. Steve, on the other hand was completely engrossed in the movie.
Tony expects Clint to be the one rushing over first but to what seems like everyone’s surprise it’s Steve, marching over and placing a hand hesitantly on the back of Tony’s neck in a comforting gesture. “Tony, what the hell happened? Are you okay?”
Steve exhaled and walked away from the infuriating mutant. “We just need to figure out who sent this shit. That, and I want someone always with Tony. One of us, no exceptions.”
It wasn’t until he felt someone’s hand on his shoulder that he realized he was staring at nothing but a wall. He jumped slightly. The person behind him was suddenly in front of him, and once more, Tony was face-to-chest with Steve Rogers. “Tony, Tony, are you alright?” His voice was muffled, almost like Tony was underwater.
Loki smiled. “You want me gone now, okay. But I assure you Captain, in three days time, well, I think you know what’ll happen.” Loki moved his head so he could see Tony once more. “See you soon, Anthony.”
The agent in front of him shakes his head. “I can’t tell you any of this until you decide to take the mission. If you decide not to, that’s okay and no one would judge you for it. This is a highly dangerous mission that needs to be taken seriously.”
There’s nothing to gloat over. He had hoped that his father, despite the obviously horrific relationship he had with the old man, wouldn’t have stooped that low. He had wanted to believe that although Howard hated his guts, maybe there was still a semblance of a good man in his lineage. Tony presses his palms to his face, covering his burning eyes.
Or maybe Howard was right all along and Cap will take one look at Tony before scoffing and writing him off for what he is; a worthless omega.
Tony rolled his eyes at something that must’ve been going on in his head. He grabbed his coffee and hopped off the bar stool quietly stating, “I’ma go call Petey.”
In the last chapter Peter called Tony something that a bunch of people didn’t understand so I’m going to go ahead and tell you in the best way I can
They ended up going back to a restless an angry sleep, only to wake up a few hours later to have a chat with their fundamental advisor.
Tony’s eyes stay narrowed but eventually he gives it up, huffing and taking Steve’s hand, “Don’t get used to getting your way, Rogers.”
He had been worried. Of course he was worried. Indisposed? The ominous word bounces around Steve's head for a long time before he stands, too concerned to sit around and not do anything.
Nat shakes her head. “I understand, Cap, it’s okay.” She takes a hesitant step forward, her walk much more controlled and calm than it was before. She checks Tony’s pulse and looks for signs of a concussion as she feels around his head, checking for any source of trauma. “There’s no signs of any real injury, but he was talking about a visual and auditory hallucination. I think we should get him over to the couch so he can lay down. I'll go get Bruce.” She says decisively, nodding to Steve as she leaves the room in search of the doctor.
The omega lets out a sigh, allowing himself to lean into Steve’s warmth. “I’m not, it’s just- you guys were friends, so I know you must be disappointed.”
; still distinctly feminine but it’s not as funny as it should be—seeing his father speak with a woman’s voice. If anything it scares him even more because it may not be his father’s voice but that’s a phrase he heard from Howard many times. It was always the reprimand he received after any kind of back talk. Always the gentle parental warning he would receive
Clint makes a face. “Well, at least it’s something. Whoever this is has some connection to Howard.” The two packmates share an undefinable look. “That narrows down the search some.” He claps a hand on Tony’s shoulder encouragingly. “Good job, Tones.”
“I told you about the Halloween costumes!” Tony argues, covering his face with his hands as he feels himself getting flustered.
Tony’s eyes narrow, “I’m not some kept omega, Cap, even if you were my alpha, I wouldn’t just roll over for yo-“
Steve recognized the man almost immediately. “I thought I told you to stay away from him.” He snarled viciously.
Howard stopped, and Tony thought for a second that maybe he had finally gotten through to his father.
At the same time, Steve’s hand was in Tony’s hair, playing with it like Tony liked. Steve was also glaring at Logan, whose hand was tracing one of Tony’s hand’s wrinkles, causing Tony to giggle like a child every now and then. Steve resisted the urge to punch Logan in the face and tell him that only he could touch Tony so intimately.
There was a laugh on the other side of the phone, but Tony couldn’t tell if that was a good or bad thing. Tony settled for not answering, trying not to let Peter hear his nervous, shaky breaths.
“Can you not go to one function- just one- without embarrassing me to death?” Howard screamed in Tony’s face, gripping his throat in an alarming manner.
The second he saw the second man coming through the door, Tony recognized him. He gasped, “Rock of ages?”
. She’s been nothing but kind and professional towards Steve, and he can see the obvious affection she has for Clint and Tony. She still sets him on edge. He can tell he gives Natasha similar feelings. They’re nothing but polite to each other, Steve would probably even call them friends, but there is a definite tension between the two.
If there was one thing Howard Stark could never completely achieve it was arc reactor technology. Tony remembers the days when Howard would come home after a long day at failing to successfully understand the theories surrounding it. He remembers the broken cheekbone his sass had earned him after he teased his dad for not being able to figure it out. Things like that weren’t easily forgotten.
The omega in Steve’s arms snorts lightly, “Shut up, Clint. I’m not cuddling with anyone.” His voice is muddled, sounding completely sleep deprived and all kinds of adorable. “Definitely not Cap, I would remember that.” He says, despite the fact he’s currently digging himself deeper into Steve’s hold.
He had seethed, “None of you will be hacking into anything that has to do with Tony Stark. It’s none of your business. If your lucky, maybe one day he’ll feel comfortable enough to tell you about his past on his own. If you do this and he figures out you invaded his privacy so blatantly… he’ll never forgive you. And I know none of you want that.”
Barton was shamelessly bragging to Tony (and Natasha was rolling her eyes), but even she had to admit that the kid was kind of adorable in the way that he was hanging off of Clint’s every word like he was the greatest person in the world.
Tony sent Agent Coulson another look, pleading. When Phil didn’t respond, Tony finally broke, “How are you not freaking out, man?! We’re about to meet The Bruce Banner, the Black Widow, the Hawkeye, and holy moley, Phil, we’re going to meet THE Captain America!” Tony was basically screaming by then, finally succumbing to his excitement and nerves that had been eating away at him all day.
, Tony sighs. “You know, you could’ve told me or something, before I went and embarrassed myself like that.” Tony says half-heartedly, sounding more pitiful than anything else. He’s smiling though, wanting Steve to know he’s not actually that upset.
Then there’s Steve. There’s no way Steve is HYDRA. The man spent the better part of World War II personally tracking down HYDRA, he couldn’t be their new attack dog.
“Okay. Good. I miss you.” Tony says into the blue tooth quietly. “Just come down to the workshop and avoid the team…. You know how they get.”
When Steve asks again the next morning, JARVIS’ answer is the same. Steve blinks. “Has he been doing that all night?”
Not sure if this is my best work :P i hope it isn't too confusing. Keep in mind that it's 3:42 right now and i wrote 80% of this chapter within the past 3 hours :) bleh okay love you guys please comment its like drugs to me <3 luh ya cuties
Steve’s entire body tensed, moving so that he blocked Tony from Loki’s view. “I want him gone, Phil.”
The good captain had decided to join him. Steve narrowed his eyes at Peter, not taking his eyes off of the man as he pressed the red “HALT” button next to the closed doors. Within milliseconds Peter was shoved up against the back of the elevator.
Rumlow smiles down at him, moving in as close as he can possibly go before actually touching Tony. The smile is all teeth, more of a threat than anything else. “Of course he did. There’s no other reason you came by? Seeing anyone special?” He asks in his usual patronizing manner. Rumlow has always been one of those alphas that treats omegas as if they’d never gotten past the second grade.
Tony hardly notices the arms tightening from where they caught him around the waist because he’s busy drowning in the bluest eyes he’s ever seen. Blue eyes, dirty blonde hair, and a beard that frames a chiseled jaw line perfectly, Tony-
when he had to sneak in late at night so that he could fill Clint’s locker with itching powder. This time the dread pirate Fury himself had called Tony in.
The men around the room gape at him in disbelief, as though it is news to them that their CEO discontinued their weapons production months ago.
Tony’s spends the rest of his day in the workshop. His conversation with Obie in the forefront of his mind. He thought his days of creating weapons were done. Ever since Howard died and he finally got control of the company, he thought there was no way SI would ever go down that road again. There’s something about Obie’s words that made Tony want to try. The older alpha had always been so kind to Tony, even when he was just a little kid interrupting his business meetings. Obie had often been the only thing standing in between Tony and Howard’s violent punishments, brushing off the interruptions with a laugh and a light pat on the head.
Tony looks away from Obie’s imploring look. He understood the sad, betrayed look the older man had when speaking about Howard. He had felt the same exact way when he had found out about Howard’s betrayal. “It’s something I will have to think about. SI has been trying to go in a different direction but…” Tony trails off. “You’re a good man, Obie. I have no doubt that SI and HammerTech would do great things.”
I'm back!! College is kicking my ass like always but hey I really like this chapter so there's that :) thank you for all of your kind comments, they truly make my day so much better <3
Suggestions are still super welcomed cause’ writers block is a bitch but right now I’m it’s bitch and its not fun soooo **help**
“Frankly, I think I should be the one saying that to you. Y’all are the reason he ran off, right? Y’all betrayed him or went into his business or some shit like that, huh?” Peter stated, eyes narrowed and voice gravely. The entire room was silent, the air filling with an obnoxious sense of guilt. Steve knows that the man’s right, that he and the others pushed Tony to do this but god damn it- Steve just didn’t think cute, adorable, innocent little Tony Stark would ever do something like this. “That’s what I thought.” Peter said finally.
Steve didn’t like the eerie silence that consumed the tower. Steve stopped suddenly, causing Tony to run into his back. Steve smiled apologetically and Tony shrugged, still looking scared.
Back in the 1940’s, this would’ve been completely normal for Steve, PTSD and nightmares weren’t strangers to him and the other soldiers in his regiment. In any other circumstance, Steve would’ve brushed it off and gone back to bed. But this time was different. He recognized that scream.
To his surprise, and complete delight, Steve laughs heartily at that. Most agents tense up whenever Tony makes fun of Fury, so it’s nice that someone finally understands just how ridiculous it is that they’re all living in a real life spy movie. “That sounds like something he’d do.” Steve agrees.
For a second, Tony's confused. Wondering what ulterior motives this question could have. For a second he nearly takes offense, wondering if Steve is questioning his abilities but then he meets Steve's eyes. And of course.
Tony sighed and pushed on Steve’s chest, allowing himself to hop onto the counter. Satisfied, Steve just stepped closer, into the space between Tony’s legs. Now that they were just about eye-to-eye, Steve once again put his forehead against Tony’s, judging his reaction closely. Tony indulged himself for a moment, closing his eyes and reveling in the comfort of Steve’s warmth.
Steve blinks and remembers the nervous kid in front of him, staring at him like he’s a dream come true. Steve smiles, he had been back in… well, back in the land of the living, for about 2 months now, and this kid that he had never met was the first one to smile at him so genuinely. Not to mention all the blushing and stuttering, which wasn’t anything less than flattering. “It’s so nice to meet you, Tony. No need for formalities, you can just call me Steve.” He said, returning Tony’s handshake.
“I was already planning on protecting you and tracking down whoever did this to you. Plus, if you falling into my arms twice a day is my biggest problem in life… well, that sounds like a pretty damn good life to me.”
“I knew them when they were young. Ванда and Pietro. They were twins, just children…” Natasha shuts her eyes and clenches her jaw. From her side, Clint lays a hand on her shoulder.
Steve blinks hard and tries his best to relax, opening his posture slightly. “Geez, Nat, I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I haven’t been around many omegas for a while and…” He winces, already guilty and embarrassed at his outburst.
Tony groans, “So basically make like every other gala, except avoid the man the party’s about, all the while trying to get a hold of another spy. This sounds boring.”
Steve resisted the urge to grab him and not let him go until all the dangers of the world disappeared.
Tony tries his best to hide his preen as he walks Obie out, feeling warmer than he had in a while. Obie’s just about to duck into the car waiting for him when he suddenly turns, “By the way, Tony, HammerTech is having a gala this Saturday. Kind of an party for one of our newer partners. You should come, we can catch up more there.”
Definitely not edited and mostly written at 2am when all of my inspirations strike. I love to hear any and all suggestions you may have and still am looking forward to hearing what you'd like to see happen in this story and/or how you're all feeling about the story so far.
His heart stuttered and his breathing quickened, coming out shallow. Somewhere in Steve’s mind, he wondered if this was what hulking out felt like.
I wrote Please, Dont Believe Me when I was 15, over five years ago. If you happen to go back and read that one, I'll warn you, the writing is not good, the tropes were overused, and it was B O R I N G. I really had no earthly idea what I was writing and had no plans for the fic's plot. That's where this one is different. I HOPE my writing has gotten better but i know for a fact my planning is much better on this one. I know some people may be upset that I made this universe A/B/O. I was really hesitant to do so but I did it because the story NEEDED something else to it. I just couldn't find a reasoning behind a lot of the plot points I wanted to get to and this helped out a lot with creating drama >:)
Steve once again had to be pulled back by Logan (who was barely restraining himself), to keep from jumping on Loki. “I’ll fucking kill you.” Steve growled.
covering his face as he glares at Clint. “Screw you, birdbrain, why are you up anyway? Drinking coffee at 2am is my thing, not yours.” He complains, throwing a pillow at an unsuspecting Clint’s face.
The entire room quieted, and Hulk backed away from him skeptically. “Brother.” Loki scoffed. “If you truly believe that, then would you be threatening my life?”
The alpha goes to lay Tony down, gently putting him down on the couch. Steve startles, only slightly, as a whimper leaves Tony’s mouth and a hand grips his t-shirt tightly as he tries to pull away.
“What’s that look for?” Tony asks, blushing again. He curses himself. Why can’t he keep his cool around this man? Oh maybe because he’s literally perfect in every single way and you’ve been in love with him ever sense you were five even though Howard told you-
Tony watched as the man grabbed the clutch and a switchblade out from his pocket, basically ripping the clutch apart until he found it. The flash drive, cracked into three pieces. He gave them a smug grin. “Looks like we won’t have to drag it out any longer after all. Have fun, boys.” The man says, walking away, the remnants of the flash drive and the clutch in his hands.
They all nod but Bruce lays a hand on Steve's shoulder, stopping him from getting up immediately. "Just give him a moment, if he
Tony shut his eyes tightly and scrunched his nose, “I… um, don’t… Rock of Ages. He thinks I’m interesting. He’ll be back.” Tony reiterated, laughing a little before it sent a wave of pain through his temples. “Gosh darn it what did he do?”
Steve was smiling widely at Tony’s adorable antics, “Yeah. I’d like that, Tony.” He said, following the younger boy into his room.
Hours later in the gala, Tony was already bored out of his mind. It was half past nine, thankfully. Tony honestly hadn’t freaked that much out about becoming a spy (because that’s totally what he is now mind what anyone else says). He might have done a quick victory dance, sure, but he almost immediately went back to his work.
Tony nods. The ex, who finally has a name now, is apparently not talking to Peter right now, but the beta already has a master plan in place. “Good luck with that one, Pete.” He says teasingly before leaving the lab, checking out the hallway systematically before all but running to an elevator.
Tony knows he probably looks insane. His eyes are wide and his breaths completely uneven, not to mention the fact he still has goggles still half perched on his head and he’s shaking like a leaf. “I’m- I’m fine. I just. It was Howard.” Is all he can get out, his voice quaking and uneven. He barely notices as he stumbles forward into Steve’s arms for the second time that day but this time actively seeking comfort. He can feel his own nails digging into Steve’s shoulders but he can’t help it, the gravity of what just happened sinking in quick. Steve's hand stays planted at the back of his neck, pushing his face into Steve's own neck and breathing in the barely familiar yet
“Tony!” He yelled, and jumped out of bed and ran towards the kitchen; where he heard the scream. Steve heard the footsteps behind him, but he didn’t acknowledge them just yet, knowing it was probably one of his teammates.
Tony once again hit the ignore button on his ringing phone. So far, he had ignored 5 calls, 2 from Peter, 2 from Steve, and now, one from an unknown number. He had been awake since the alarm went off at about 4am and as soon as the team had left, he was in his workshop working on his new “secret project” (he has deemed it as the “secret project” because it’s dangerous and exciting and if the team knew they would definitely shut it down). The Avengers had quickly jumped up and, with many complaints of soreness, ran off to some country in Asia that was having a “giant robot Godzilla” type problem. While Tony wasn’t too worried, he still didn’t like being stuck alone in the tower, while his team was out there fighting.
“Why is this taking so long, did it take this long the last time they attacked?” Tony asked, rocking back and forth on the couch.
James Rhodes walked in on… well, an interesting sight. Number one, Captain America was sitting on the floor next to his best friend. Number two; there were two very well known assassins in the room. And three- “Tony isn’t that the guy you have all of those science posters of?” He asked, looking directly at Bruce.  “How’d you get to meet him? And why does that guy look like Steve Rogers? Are you paying him? Did your life sized cardboard cut out of Captain America break?” Rhodey was confused.
Clint is still murmuring to Tony, this time much quieter to the point that Steve can’t hear much. It takes a moment before the two step away from each other. “Alright.” Clint sighs, squeezing Tony one more time before looking to Steve. “Cap, what’s our plan?”
“We’re gonna get ‘em this time.” The alpha promises lowly and Tony closes his eyes with a nod. Steve pulls away and walks back towards the plane, not losing eye contact until he absolutely has to and the jet’s doors slam shut. Tony watches on, wistful feeling in his gut as the plane zooms away at an unnatural speed.
have a lot of extra room. And I’ve been bored lately. Your suit definitely needs an upgrade.” Tony teases, poking Clint in the side and giggling as the other jerks back and yelps loudly.
There was a slight pause. “Well, that’s dumb. I don’t want to be found. I have new best friends! Petey and Jack! Tony likes Petey and Jack!” Tony exclaimed happily.
Coulson just hummed, his mouth set in a grim line. “Maybe we could take this to your floor, Mr. Stark.” He said calmly, tilting his head to the right slightly, where Tony could see a man watching them intently.
Tony gapes, “Why?” At Coulson’s silence he reassesses. “I mean, why me? You have hundreds of trained, experienced agents on hand. There are actually two living upstairs, if you didn’t know.”
She shakes her head and takes a deep breath. “They were sent to the red room for training. He was powerful but the things his sister could go… She could drive people insane with her powers. She... she manipulated minds."
Tony walked off, Steve hand still in his own, and if any of the Avengers found anything weird with the wrestling or them leaving together, they didn’t say anything.
“They all saw this tragic story of a hero who helped us win the war. That’s how everyone sees him nowadays too. Heroic Bucky Barnes…” Steve trails off, shaking his head once more. “He never wanted to be a soldier. He
“Logan, stop! We need him to fix this.” Steve commanded, authority in his voice even though he was scared out of his mind for Tony.
“Mr. Stark.” She says, giving him a look over. “I can’t say I was expecting you to be here tonight.” She said conversationally, though her eyes clearly were asking why a teenager was here to gather the information.
Just because Tony was showing his face around the Avengers didn’t mean that things were normal again. It didn’t matter who tried to talk to him, every time someone tried to make conversation he would ultimately ignore him.
Basically sleepwalking towards his bedroom, Tony let out a yelp s he almost came into contact with a body, sleeping against his door. Steve. He dully noted that JARVIS never specified exactly where each of the Avengers were sleeping.
Neither of the two answered. Steve sighed and leaned towards Clint as well as he could with Tony in his arms. “You don’t tell anyone what you saw until Tony gives you the go ahead, you hear?” Steve clarifies, feeling Tony’s stressed shoulders ease.
“If you’re asking me then I guess I can assume this is a dire situation. You wouldn’t ask me unless you really needed me to.” Tony says, mostly to himself.
Maria Stark tragically died at the age of twenty-seven yesterday, leaving behind her heartbroken family of two: her only son Tony and her adoring husband Howard. The family has chosen to have a quiet, private funeral, with only family invited.
It’s pretty hard to explain the anger that coursed through them at the sight of Tony knocked out on top of another boy in nothing but his boxer briefs.
JARVIS intones, “As I said before, sir, Captain Rogers is aware of your current status. He says to tell you ‘good luck’.”
Captain America. Seriously, there’s no way Tony is going to get out of this meeting with his pride intact. Tony just knows something terrible is going to happen; he’s either going to cry the second he sees the man in uniform or he’s going to faint.
Tony knew that he wasn’t supposed to be lonely or bored, because being bored meant he wasn’t studying and not studying meant he was being stupid.
Steve releases a long breath, trying to distract himself from the sting of tears at his eyes. He gives Tony a soft smile, shoving his shoulder against the younger’s lightly, “Punk.”
Ten minutes after that, Tony’s starting to actually fall asleep when he hears the tower door swing open. He winces at the smash it makes, but quickly controls his facial features, and acts as asleep as he possibly can. He vaguely hears JARVIS inform the Avengers that he is in bed asleep. He then hears the Avengers, each and every one, clump down the hall somewhat dejectedly.
“I’m glad you’ll be our consultant then, Mr. Stark.” He says gently, and Tony tries his best to ignore Nat’s soft chuckle as his cheeks start to burn.
Tony huffs out a laugh. “War? Losing you? My birth? Who knows, really. We weren’t close.” He says, “He was a busy man, that’s all, Cap, just drop it.”
Clint has also learned other things. Tony Stark doesn’t like loud noises, he doesn’t like being left behind, he doesn’t like being vulnerable or called short, and he really doesn’t like Howard Stark.
His day has been long, anyway. Even after completely embarrassing himself in front of his childhood hero, Tony spent most of the rest of the day learning more about the avenger’s initiative and their day-to-day life. AKA he learned a lot about the improvements he was going to need to make to the gym area. Apparently the world’s mightiest heroes take their training very seriously. He also learns that one member of the team is currently off-world. It’s a bummer, because Tony had been really looking forward to meeting an alien, but Clint assures him that Thor will be back as soon as he takes care of Loki’s trial in Asgard.
Tony stares at the picture next to Steve’s bed. It’s old, clearly taken from before Steve went into the ice. The picture had Steve, smiling as big as Tony had ever seen him, stuck in the headlock of another man who was smiling just as wide. Of course Tony knew who it was. Even if he hadn’t grown up with pictures of the Howling Commandoes covering the walls of his house, Steve had described Bucky Barnes many times.
Steve had left. Granted, it had been for a minute, but Steve had left and it was scary and what if the memories came back?
“Do we even know that it’s about Tony?” Bruce questioned, not moving from his crouch next to the drone.
“With Pietro and I out of their control they will have no other choice. They don’t like to send him out on such remedial missions, so they sent us. Now that they realize Stark is under the protection of the Avengers, however…” She allows the team to fill in the blanks. She turns to the young omega once more, looking just as scared and apologetic as she had before. “Soldat will not stop until he has you. I’m a manipulator- they wanted me to change your mind with my powers. The soldier does not have my powers. He will be forced to take a more direct approach.”
Despite Tony’s embarrassment, Steve doesn’t even hesitate. “Yes! Yeah, of course. I’d- I mean. Yes.” The older man stumbles across the affirmation and his ears are tinged with red.
Tony does his best to revert his attention to the only other person in the room, someone who Tony was not aware would be joining their meeting but a familiar face nevertheless. “Dr. Banner.” He says, smiling at the scientist across the table. “It’s so amazing to finally meet you. I was at MIT a few years back when you gave that lecture on gamma radiation. It was absolutely incredible.” He praises genuinely, and it takes every ounce of his self-restraint to not add on a compliment about how much he
They seemed to have worked through their issues by now though because they’re already tossing insults and bantering between themselves like they’ve been friends for years. It’s nice, Tony decides, to see this side of Steve first. Tony has a feeling if he met the straight-laced Captain America version first they might not have gotten along that well either.
. Part of Tony wonders if he’s seeing things as he tears the contracts apart, letter by letter. He pulls out each oddly mannered word, inspects the on-and-off capitalization and fumbles between the strange shifts between languages.
“Wait, what?” Steve asks, but Logan’s already gone. Steve gives Tony a questioning look, but Tony just shakes his head and shrugs.
Tony: This is my friend Wanda she tried to kill me a few days ago but she is Actually Really Cool :)
Steve clenches his jaw, turning away from the redhead in front of him and slumping in his seat. Tony better actually be safe or Fury was going to be a dead man.
Peter was one of the only people who would deal with all of Tony's shit just because they wanted to. Even the Avengers had to deal with him, he was funding them, after all.
“They had no fucking right.” The eighteen-year-old whispers, laying his head against the grimy bar table. After a moment, Tony whimpers lightly, “Sorry, I didn’t mean to swear I’m just so angry right now.”
As he stands, he sees that he didn’t just launch a successful attack against a villain, but rather launched a marginally unsuccessful attack at Clint. The torch lands at his feet. It makes the archer start, but not even the frankly laughable throw could remove the worried expression from any of the avenger's faces.
Tony jerked back at Steve’s words. Steve’s hand fell away uselessly as he looked down at Tony with wide eyes. “Steve- don’t.” He gasped out. “I don’t- I can’t have you saying these things to me just ‘cause you- you pity me- or something.”
But once he registers the words, alongside the the dark, throaty growl the alpha had shot into Rumlow’s now pale face, Tony realizes.
Steve is silent for a moment and Tony looks over to see what seems to be a smug smile on his face. “What?” Tony asks, confused, just before the elevator beeps loudly.
Tony let out a short laugh that turned into a long string of giggles. “You are a genius. National icon.” Tony laughed again before stopping and sitting up straight. “Like me! Peter! You are me! We are we!” He giggled again, nearly falling off the barstool.
The fire in Tony’s eyes died quickly, releasing his fists. “Sorry.” He whispered before turning and quickly going into his workshop.
If you are someone who is coming from the story this one is based off of (Please, Don't Believe Me) PLEASE read the End Note. There are going to be some pretty big changes from the first one to this one that i'm kind of nervous about so just give that a read before commenting anything because I think it will clear a lot of things up.
“What the fuck did you do to him?” Steve heard Logan yell. Steve looked up to see Hulk bringing Loki up and Logan elongating his claws.
Tony takes his time. The constant thrum that was invading his head earlier has quieted by now, just a dull buzz in his brain.
The group of superheroes stared at him for a moment before Bruce stepped forward, and soothingly asked, “What do you remember, Tony?”
A new voice rang out, one that was actually familiar to Tony, “Yes, that would be me, Loki, frost-giant monster, betrayer of worlds, malevolent thief, etcetera, etcetera.” He said sarcastically. “Can’t say I like being back on this dreadful planet, but I can’t complain about seeing you, Anthony.” He said, making Tony shiver.
Clint nods anyway. “He never lets me talk to him about it anyway. Nothing I can really do but wait for him to come to me.” He says, shrugging.
Tony’s eyes brimmed with tears, “They’re dead?? Oh my god. Oh my god. I’m so sorry! Please don’t hate me, Petey. I swear I just didn’t know the gloves’ strength and I didn’t want Pepper and I to die! I’m so sorry!” Tony blurts, clinging to Peter tightly.
Well, Steve did make it clear that he wanted Tony. And no, Tony should not forgive his friends so easily about betraying him, but Steve was just so- Steve.
“Well, yes. But I was going to say protect you. You’re just so small and vulnerable. Like a kitten.” Rhodey says, stroking his hair playfully.
Peter has already brushed himself off and picked himself up by the time Steve comes back to reality.
“Um, I’m sorry to ah- interrupt. But can I talk to you-- Tony?” Captain America steps right in front of Tony, making the younger skid to a halt, still laughing lightly but scared as hell at the idea of yet another private conversation with Captain America.
“It’s okay.” Tony says, almost as a reflex, also because he doesn’t know what else to say. “W-who is they?” He asks, voice giving away just how petrified he truly is. Steve said he’d be back soon- he said Shield was probably already in the building. His eyes shift towards the large glass doors.
Clint tells Tony that Steve is an amazing leader, that he trusts the captain with his life, and that he thinks the alpha is incredibly lonely.
“Well, not that this isn’t adorable, but I’m afraid it’s time for Blondie to start raining sunshine down on America about now.”
The GOOD NEWS is that you guys can let me know what parts of the old story you’d like to see come back and/or give me ideas on how to make this story better than the last. I love hearing your ideas and comments really help me work faster ;)
Tony sits on the couch dutifully as each of the Avengers chew him out for succumbing to peer pressure. None of them are harsh though, and each of their words are laced wit silent apologies and pleas for forgiveness.
“Clint.” Tony hisses as he shoves his supposed friend harshly. “There was no cardboard cutout.” He offers lamely, still not brave enough to meet Captain freaking America’s stupid, beautiful blue eyes.
“You are not surprised.” She says, tilting her head. Tony suddenly recognizes the slight accent, takes in her long red hair. “They did say you were even more clever than your father.”
Tony furrows his eyebrows, “Look, Steve, I totally forgot about our whole little pow-wow, okay? I’ve had a rough couple of days and JARVIS reminded me I had a meeting this morning. Plus, I didn’t even leave the tower, Cap, just a few floors down.” He tries his best to make his tone light-hearted. He can feel Steve’s worry from across the room.
“Of course I will Tony. Nothing bad is going to happen to you, okay? We’re going to find out what happened, okay? I will
“Not like Steve’s, you don’t.” Tony quips back, though his face is slowly turning red. He scrambles to get up, huffing only slightly as Steve stops his movements.
There’s a silence. “Thanks for letting me get all that out, man, I haven’t really made any new friends since the breakup. It’s nice having someone else to talk to about it. I feel like all of our old friends have so many opinions about it.”
The Avengers felt stupid. Coulson had warned them specifically about this exact situation and they completely undermined his words.  Bruce hadn’t been seen since he ran out earlier that day. Natasha shook her head. “It’s my fault-“ She starts before Clint interjects.
“I just couldn’t sleep, you know? Happens every once in a while.” Tony said, sounding amused. “I’ll probably just do some work until I get tired.”
“What are you even doing to him, you bastard?” Natasha demanded, holding Clint up, who had been re-gaining consciousness when they entered.
“Sir,” JARVIS’ voice jumped Tony out of his reverie, “Agent Coulson is in the lobby requesting your presence.”
Natasha rolled her eyes and sighed, “He didn’t read the files.” She explained to everyone else, who all had incredulous looks on their faces. “Tony doesn’t have a family, Clint, you should know that even without reading the files.”
“We have some suspicions when it comes to HammerTech.” Coulson says simply and Tony’s eyes widen considerably. “There is a Shield agent that has been infiltrating their ranks for several years now and finally has gotten some information that we need to see. It’s come to our attention that you were invited to a HammerTech gala. It isn’t hard for us to get agents into these types of events but our mole has been under suspicion for a long time. This agent won’t be able to talk to random people without drawing more attention to themselves so we needed someone important, someone with a real reason to be there and someone who is inconspicuous.”
Coulson shakes his head. “Alpha. Red hair. It will be obvious. That is the least of your concerns. Once you have the package, don’t leave immediately. Continue to socialize, act natural. Give yourself an hour tops and then leave. Come straight to the tower where I’ll take the package from you.”
Tony should really pay attention to what he’s saying. “W-what?” He asks, dumbly, trying to ignore just how hard his heart is pounding.
Tony exhaled and walked down the hallway quickly. He kicked Steve not so lightly with his foot until Steve opened his eyes. Suddenly, before Tony could register, Steve jumped up quickly, wide awake, “Shit! I fell asleep didn’t I? I’m sorry- Wait Tony? Tony! I-“
” She all but purrs, tracing down his cheek and Tony preens under her attention. He hadn’t known Natasha nearly as long as he’s known Clint, but she feels like pack anyway. Clint had told him enough stories of her saving his sorry ass to make Tony respect her.
He doesn’t wait for the smoke to fade to wait to shoot at the other man. He can’t see, so it takes a couple tries, but as the smoke (mostly emanating from his own hand) clears, he sees that there are indeed two men lying on the ground.
The anonymous man laughs heartily. “In a way. I knew you when you were just a little one. Your father and I were good friends. We briefly met at the funeral.”
While the rest of the Avengers and all of S.H.I.E.L.D. were still asking him question after question about what and who happened, Tony just wanted them to understand that he had no clue whatsoever. He remembers pieces, like the voice, the nickname, and certain ominous words that left him obviously freaked out, but not much other than that. Don’t they believe that if he knew anything, that he’d tell them? Does Tony look like the kind of guy that wants a potential psycho killer after him?
“Cap, we get it, none of us like leaving Tony behind, especially when there’s danger around, but you have to think about it logically. No one even knows about Tony’s involvement with the Avengers yet.” Natasha gave him a sympathetic glance.
“Jarvis, it’s okay, he’s just angry. I understand Jarvis, I understand.” Tony says, backing away and sliding down the wall. “I get it, okay?” Tony’s tiny voice said, barely audible in the microphone. “It’s my fault.”
Tony clenched his jaw, not wanting to gossip about Logan, but also not wanting to lie to the Captain. Tony figured that Cap would’ve figured out eventually anyway by reading Logan’s “team-mate” file. “You know what happened to you right? The serum, needles, pain, stuff like that?” Tony asked hesitantly. Steve nodded. “Well, that’s what happened to Logan. But they didn’t ask him first. And he wasn’t meant for anything other than an experiment that could potentially become their own personal weapon.” Tony gritted out.
Tony groaned. “You always make everything seem not that bad, Logan. I hate it! I want to be mad! I am mad!” He yelled.
“I’m sorry, kicsi. You need to sleep more.” Natasha carded her fingers through his soft hair. She gave him another one of those loving smiles.
“I think he’s going into shock.” He can hear Steve murmur to the others, even as his strong hands sooth down Tony’s back comfortingly, shushing him quietly.
“You’d better.” Tony agrees, turning to roll his eyes at Steve as if exasperated with his own creation.
To say the least, the video was not as helpful as they had thought. There are very little visuals. Tony had told them that his vision had gone dark but it seemed as though the entire workshop was experiencing the same issue. There’s a tinge of red smoke and a few visible shadows, but nothing concrete. Tony cringes as he turns on the audio and Steve’s heart
Tony knew that Steve was worried. Tony could feel Steve’s fingers shaking slightly as they combed through his hair. He was deftly playing with a thread that was hanging off Steve’s jeans.
And then suddenly there’s pieces of metal flying through the air and actually connecting around Tony’s hand and Tony raises it, eyes wide and honest to god surprised. The men are thrown off, even more confused than Tony, and he uses it to his advantage, pointing his palm towards one of the big oafs and sending up another prayer that the beaming device works-
Weapons were never Tony’s passion anyway. Sure, it’s easy to build something that can explode into a million pieces, Tony’s been creating things like
Tony must look just about as confused as he feels because the alpha above him looks down, concerned, “Did he hurt you? Are you alright?” He asks, voice more gentle than Tony’s ever heard from an alpha before.
SO LISTEN TO BE BECAUSE THIS IS IMPORTANT: THERE WAS SOME CONFUSION ABOUT WHEN THIS TAKES PLACE. THIS IS AFTER THE AVENGERS (movie) THE DIFFERENCE IS, TONY AND THOR WEREN’T THERE YET (that’s why all of the other avengers knew each other from the beginning) LOKI ESCAPED ATTACKED, YADAYADA. LOKI’S CREEPY AND ALL THAT JAZZ. OH, AND HE’S STILL PISSED AT EVERYONE BECAUSE DAMN IT HE JUST WANTED TO RULE THE WORLD.
The entire room turned towards him. The man’s smirk grew ten fold and he took a step closer to Tony, only to be cut of by three fuming men. “Rock of ages?” Phil questioned Tony, “As in, the person who confronted you in your workshop?”
The helmet was, of course, just the start. Given Tony’s tiny frame and not so impressive fighting skills, he would need something powerful and smart; something that accented his abilities. Tony was quick on his feet and thought even more quickly. If this suit was going to attune to Tony, it would need to boost his strength considerably and it would need to be fast. Tony’s mind was already reeling with possibilities.
Tony studied the helmet in his hands carefully. “What the heck?” He asked, mainly to himself. Tony guessed that somehow his subconscious wanted him to understand whatever this helmet was, but Tony didn’t even have a clue. Why would he need a helmet? It’s not like he could fight or do anything to anything except maybe a fly. (Maybe not even then, cause flies are really really fast)
Okay, so yes, he knows it’s “okay to be gay” nowadays, but Steve was still skeptical. And for a while, Steve was okay with being alone in the closet. It was peaceful of sorts, and while it’s bitterly lonely in there, it’s also safe.
Then he hears it. Somehow, over the constant thrum of his overactive heartbeat, over the high pitched screeching and the voice snarling in his head he can hear something
upset when Steve hadn’t believed him and the apology did kind of make him feel better. “Well, I’m sorry too.” Tony says. He ignores Steve’s confused look as he flops down onto Steve’s mattress. “I know that you and Howard were close, it must suck to find out exactly what he was capable of.”
“Oh. –was prab’ly not s-posed to tell you that. Forget that, m’kay?” Tony says with an amused smile gracing his face. “I gu’s I should go t’sleep now.”
Tony gasps and slowly slides down the wall, pressing his wristband so that the metal detaches from his hand and goes back to where is came from (hopefully).
The other laughs at that, “It’s cool dude, confrontation isn’t my strong suit either. Just ask my ex.”
Tony’s eyes widened and he hopped off the counter, pacing rapidly. “Holy shit… oh my god… what the hell? What do I do, I’m scared, JARVIS.” Tony yelped.
“Exactly.” Coulson agrees. “Saturday night, you will attend the event alone, and act as you would at any other gala until the agent approaches you. They will pass off the package and you will wait no longer than an hour before you leave the event and come straight back here. I’ll be waiting to take it off of you.”
“Guys, stop!” Tony says, finally scrambling off of the floor and couch. Still in just his underwear he blushes lightly when all eyes return to him. “Peter’s my friend. He’s been kind of my only friend ever since—well-“
Steve huffed unhappily. He didn’t like “Petey” one bit. By the annoyed looks on Bruce and Natasha’s face he could tell they felt the same.
“Peter stop.” Tony mumbled. “Can you just-“ Tony stopped his question. He then demanded, “Let him go.” He said, still not meeting anyone’s eyes.
“Is Clint still your only pack bond?” Steve asks, ignoring his own thoughts and going back to his original question. It’s a lot more common these days, for people to have very small packs. Back in the 40s, he and Bucky were the only pack of 2 in their whole neighborhood.
“Never send a demigod to do a man’s work.” He muttered, as the scepter started glowing again and he disappeared from the prison without a trace.
Clint Barton has learned a lot about Tony Stark in the one week that he has stayed in the tower. Tony Stark likes coffee, likes working in his workshop until ungodly hours of the night, likes his robots, and Tony Stark really likes Captain America.
“So, things aren’t exactly… normal between us anymore.” Tony says hesitantly as he pulls on some skinny black jeans that Steve has no idea how he fits into.
The first thing Tony had done when he turned eighteen was stall any and all weapons production for Stark Industries. He had seen the things those weapons could do and more importantly, Tony knew the people who were being handed these guns.
. Robots, electronics, things that would aid people’s everyday life, not things that would start wars.
it out there, Steve! I have evidence, it all makes sense. HYDRA wants me to make weapons for them the same way Howard did. You barely even knew Howard, how would you know what he’s capable of?”
“I’d rather him be unhappy than unsafe.” Steve said quietly, a round of resounding grunts of agreement.
Also, the name of Thor’s hammer is Mjölnir. I used that in here so I just wanted to be sure y’all knew that.
There’s no way he’d be able to comfort Tony right now. The younger still can’t even get over the fact that he really just went and rambled on and on about how nervous he was to meet his idol to his actual freakin’ idol. Not only that but Captain America was
“It’s definitely strange.” Bruce agrees softly. Tony startles, seemingly unaware that the quiet beta was in the room. “Especially considering whatever it was just so happened to attack the day we all move in.”
The doctor narrowed his eyes slightly before taking a step back and handing her a small stack of papers, “These are confirmations of Tony’s diagnosis. The recommended drugs have been ordered and will be here within the hour. I recommend using his dosage as if he was 2 years younger, given his size. There’s also a list recommended psychologists and such, if Tony decides to see one. Tell Tony I wish him a good recovery, will you?” And with that, Dr. Lawson walked away briskly.
“No.” Steve cut him off curtly. He placed his hand behind Tony’s neck and gripping it just as he had a few days before, “YOU know exactly what I’m talking about.” Steve says, emphasizing the “you”.
Nick Fury had never particularly hated Tony Stark. Of course, the kid was hyper and kind of annoying, but knowing him since he was 6, Nick knew that this Tony was a lot better than the Tony he knew 3 years ago. Sure, Tony was still a little shy, shouting made him uneasy, and authority figures were something a little less than terrifying for him, but at least now he smiled and laughed often.
He was tall, Steve always says. In the pictures he can see that Steve is clearly taller, but Tony’s pretty sure Steve still sees Bucky the way he saw him while growing up when he was just over 5 foot. Brown hair, blue eyes, always popular with the ladies. Tony can see why. His heart aches as he looks at the picture. He likes to think Steve is happy here, but has he ever seen Steve with that carefree look before? He hates the look Steve gets when he talks about Bucky. Sometimes it’s wistful, longing, or some kind of fond. Most of the time it’s just sad.
The arrival of Clint Barton and Natasha Romanov went more smoothly, at least in Tony’s case. Well, yes, he gushed over how cool it was that Natasha took down a base of 250 Middle Eastern terrorists all by herself, and yes, he nearly died when Clint told him that he’d teach him how to shoot arrows, but he didn’t ramble or stutter. At least not that much.
“N-Nothin-“ Tony sputters before Howard grabs him by the throat and punches him straight in the jaw, and then starts aimlessly punching over and over again before Tony slides to the ground, covering whatever body parts possible.
Tony almost missed the look the bartender (S.H.I.E.L.D agent) threw the waiter (another S.H.I.E.L.D. agent?). Tony watched in his peripheral vision, walking away slowly from the spot Obadiah saw him as the waiter “accidentally” spilled a drink on Obadiah, taking the business man’s attention away from Tony. Tony mingled his way to the farthest place away from Obadiah, in yet another group of drunk men who knew Tony (though Tony had no clue of their names), just hoping the informant would be able to find him.
Tony’s expression was completely broken. It wasn’t the face he had when he was being tortured by Loki, not even one that occurred during his nightmares. His face was portraying complete and utter betrayal from the people he trusted most.
Steve sent the southern man a dark look before walking out the door briskly, the others following in suit.
Tony’s jaw is clenched and his eyes are red rimmed as he reads page after page of unaccounted for weapons that the US military never received. Of contracts and papers signed by his own father for the illegal shipment of Stark weapons to go to random bases throughout Russia. He has JARVIS pull up satellite maps and corresponding intelligence for those particular areas. The bases either didn’t exist at all or hadn’t been out of commission for decades.
will you two stop looking at each other like that?” Clint grumbles, dragging his feet as he walks towards the kitchen, coffee mug already in hand. “You’ve known each other for like two days, chill out.”
to those words. The omega takes a step back but Steve follows, undeterred. “If you were mine, we wouldn’t be having this fight right now.”
Clint and Natasha instantly voice their support, but they weren’t really the ones he was worried about. He’s been making their tech since he was seventeen.
Steve sighed, standing from his crouch on the ground shakily, “Logan’s right. All that’s important now is that we find Tony.”
Peter tightens his grip on Tony, recognizing the short breaths. “Alright Tony, that’s fine. Lemme just-“ Peter brings his head up and searches for the source of the music. “Do you know where the music thingy is?” Peter asks.
Steve grinned warmly before reaching over and forcing Tony to look at him, “For one Tony, you can ask just about anyone and they’ll tell you that I’m telling you the honest truth when I say that you’re one of the best looking, most beautiful, hottest, sexiest-“
“Tell that to literally every person I’ve ever met. Trust me, the second I say I work in prosthetic manufacturing, people’s eyes go all blank like, dude, I can
In fact, the only thing that really comes up is a bunch of anti-cigarette advertisements which, while very important, are not helping Tony’s dilemma.
“No way! How the heck do you guys expect me to sleep while you-“ Tony stopped when Natasha stuck a small needle into the back of his neck. “Did you just- oh my god… you…jerk...” Tony scowled at her, realizing just what she’d done.
Steve seems to be able to hear his thoughts now. “I know, I know it was scary, but you need to calm down Tony. I promise, I’ll protect you, okay? You just need to calm down.”
Peter laughed shortly, “Please, Ant, if you don’t tell me, you’re going to end up telling Captain-over-protective. And I, for one, won’t ever judge you or stop you from doing what you want.”
He’s jolted out of his work by a phone call from Steve. Tony furrows his eyebrows, because it’s only been an hour or so since the Avengers left.
again, like Tony’s a complete enigma to him. He has that small smile on his face that makes Tony want to do whatever it is that he’s doing right now forever. Because if he can make Steve smile like that, he must be doing something right. Tony feels hot under all of the attention. It isn’t like how other alphas look at him; like he’s just a body made for their use. Steve looks at him like he’d like nothing more than to understand him. Like he wants to know
“If you’re all done with your pleasantries, we did actually call this meeting for a reason.” Fury says blandly and Clint rolls his eyes at Tony furtively. “You all know why you’re here today. After the Battle of New York it’s become clear to the world that the Avengers Initiative is an absolute necessity. Most of you have been briefed on what’s expected of you up until the world needs you again. Stark, you’re here today because we need you on board. Your tech is unparalleled and, more importantly, your father was well involved in the creation of the initiative. We want you on as a consultant.” Fury’s words are quick and decisive. It’s clear he’s already made up his mind. “Stark Industries creates weapons and transport for Shield. I’m asking you specifically to take care of those things for the avengers.”
, like, I’m this dorky beta and she’s this drop dead gorgeous alpha with red hair and green eyes and we were
Tony groaned into the communicator while he watched Logan get thrown into the Statue of Liberty. Ouch.
Tony shrugs, smile soft on his face. “Yeah, well, we met when I was fifteen. After my parents died he really took me under his wing.” Tony gives Steve a suggestive look but the alpha just snorts at his pun, “I don’t know. He’s the first real packmate I’ve ever had. Other than Jarvis, of course.”
“This is all your fucking fault.” Rhodey paces, furiously pivoting every now and then. “Why the hell did you think that it was okay to go into his past like that? What the fuck!?” He vented, absolutely livid.
Tony stared at him wide-eyed. “That’s tomorrow? Dang it.” Tony grumbled, turning to return to his floor, before he turned back to Coulson. “Wait- how did you even know I was invited to that?” He asked, narrowing his eyes.
Also (x2) I have an awful crick in my neck and I can’t turn my head to the right so that’s a bitch. ANNNND I went to the doctor today (he was so effing hot) and he did absolutely nothing to help me- so cool. Anyway, comment and kudos and favorite my lovlies! The more comments the quicker the next chapter will be up (never this long again I promise)
Tony’s personal doctor was an older man who had started working with S.H.I.E.L.D. along with Tony. The man, Dr. Lawson, answered, “Physically, it’s like nothing even happened to him, minus some minor abrasions bruising around the waist. What I’m worried about is the severe emotional damage that seems to have occurred. You and your team said he was “re-living his memories?” Dr. Lawson inquired.
Tony huffs out a small laugh. “I’m just a little nervous for my meeting.” He admits, “Really, nothing to worry about. Sorry if it’s putting you on edge, though.” Sometimes smelling an omega in distress really freaks alphas out, although that usually doesn’t happen unless it’s an omega that the alpha has a familial relationship with.
“What are you doing here?” Steve growled lowly, stepping closer to the door that Peter was leaned on. Peter just raised an eyebrow.
isn’t his fault that he is furious right now. It’s taking all of Steve’s self-control to not let instinct out and growl as Tony collapses in his arms. He can feel the presence of the other alphas behind him and it sets him on edge.
Shield is on the case within minutes and after hearing eye witness accounts of hazy red headaches and voices in their mind, the Avengers are put on a Quinjet and shipped off. Bruce goes reluctantly. No one had seen much of the scientist the past few days and Tony worries. The curly haired man sends him a smile nonetheless, ruffles his hair, and climbs aboard alongside Nat.
“It’s Tony!” He says, having to veer away from the hands that tried to snatch it out of his hand. “I’ve got it! Calm down!” He slid across the screen and hesitantly answered, “Tony?”
“Do you want to tell me why the hell you thought it would be okay to go against direct orders this morning?” Steve posits, ears red and looking much more pissed than Tony had expected.
Maybe he was just scared, which is understandable, maybe he’s angry at us for last night, or maybe it’s a mixture of both.
“Is he okay?” Natasha asked bluntly after closing the door where Tony was in Steve’s bed, everyone agreeing that Tony would probably feel safer there.
He finally finished the one glove-gauntlet thing. He hadn’t yet to test it, or showed anyone his new “toy” for that matter. But with the battery charged, Tony imagined it could do some serious damage. He actually had it with him, deconstructed in the case he had- somewhat suspiciously-left behind a pillar at the front of the building… just in case. If his plans went correctly, then the bracelet metal sensor bracelet on his wrist should, when pushed, connect the glove from the case, to around Tony’s hand; fully functional and energized. But that’s only if it worked, which Tony wasn’t positive it would.
“Tony… you were attacked. Or something. Jarvis went down in the workshop levels and hasn’t been able to retrieve any footage yet. We didn’t see anything but you were… pretty shaken when we finally got to you.” Steve explains as lightly as he can.
Tony: on my way to meet captain america!!! Not nervous at all just about to meet my reason for existence hah aha aha ha
The man barely said six words and Rumlow is literally shaking in his boots, backing off instantly and shaking his head. “We were just messing around, Steve. No big deal. You know how omegas are.” Rumlow laughs shakily and all but runs off as the doors begin to close. “See you in training!”
to be a good arms manufacturer. So to hear the head of one of the world’s most dangerous organizations say that he
Tony had no idea how much weight he had been pressing against the doors because as soon as they open he’s all but diving into the confined space. Honestly, he probably would have ended up with a concussion if it weren’t for the frankly massive arms that caught him before he hit the floor. The elevator smells good, nothing like the sweaty, testosterone-driven Rumlow  and the sudden change in atmosphere nearly makes Tony whimper with relief.
Tony stepped back from his menacing stance, looking nervous, “I-I mean, it sort of comes with the territory… y-you know…”
Tony sits up from his bed. It’s too cold and too big. He doesn’t allow himself to think as he pads down the hallway and turns a couple of corners.
Tony’s smile froze at the mention of his father. He regained his posture after a moment and broadened his smile, “Right of course. It’s so nice to see you again Mr….?” Tony asked.
“Sooner. I will not have to await Loki’s trial this time.” Thor answered solemnly. “I will be back to see that the small one is better.”
“There weren’t this many last time.” Clint said, bouncing on his toes, acting fidgety. Of course, Tony knew that Clint should be out there, helping. But the team had other plans and they agreed that Tony needed a protector. (“They” meaning everyone but Tony.)
The room has filled with a high pitched ringing, as if a bomb had just gone off and his ears don’t work properly anymore. He wants to search the room again, look for any kind of light, for Dum-E’s familiar presence or even check to see if he can bolt to the door but he can’t because he’s paralyzed in fear staring at the form in front of him that’s gradually becoming more clear.
Tony steps closer and allows Steve to lead him into the room. It’s spacious, like all of the rooms in the tower, but somehow it seems cozier than Tony’s room.
“I just don’t understand why you’re here and not out there. I’m perfectly fine, aren’t I?” Tony questioned, watching the screen intently. When he didn’t get an answer he looked over to see Clint-
“Any chance you want to give me the current position of Captain America, Jay?” Tony asks as he begins his ascent.
Hulk released the frost-giant into Logan’s capable hands and lumbered over to Steve’s side, dropping heavily near Tony.
Peter scrunched up his nose and walked towards the workbench Tony was on. “Is that a helmet?” He asked, pointing at the smoldering thing on the desk.
Tony slowly backed away from Steve, who was thankfully still asleep. He whispered lowly for JARVIS to show him where each Avenger was. He sighed as he saw the translucent map of the tower pop up with little icons to show each Avenger. Bruce was in Tony’s workshop, Thor was in the kitchen, Clint was in the air vents above Tony’s room and Natasha was in the workout room, each asleep at their obviously assigned station. Tony rolled his eyes for what seemed like the millionth time that day, and started making his way to a guest room on a floor away from the Avengers and let out a tiny scream as he ran into yet another big man.
Steve gave a confused glance to Clint, who bounded over and gave Rhodey a hug, before anyone even said anything. James awkwardly patted Clint’s back and pulled away, eager to talk to his friend. “Tony?”
The billionaire just shakes his head softly, “I’m just sort of broken, Peter. Something in my wiring just didn’t come out right.”
Bruce’s eyes flashed green for a moment before Steve sees him lock his jaw and clench his hands. Clint’s eyes were trained on the ground, grinding his teeth together, guilt eating him from the inside. Natasha’s eyes were trained on Tony’s back, her gaze motherly, but angrier than Steve had ever seen.
After getting a ton of comments of people saying that they would like a re-write I decided that I'd actually go through with it! There are already several universe changes that I've made with the story but for the most part, the plot is going to be VERY similar and the character development will stay the same. I hope you all enjoy and thank you so much for the encouragement to get back into writing
“Sir’s longest amount of time spent consecutively in the lab was 4 weeks ago. He was in the workshop for 58 hours.” Somehow the AI manages to sound disappointed.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Steve asks, voice deep and angry as he shifts closer to Tony. “How are we supposed to believe any of this?”
“Jay?” Tony calls, standing slowly and reaching for the welding torch on his desk hesitantly. Jarvis didn’t just ‘malfunction.’
Steve Rogers watched as the boy in front of him fell apart. He had seen it all the time in the army. He had felt this in the army. Steve said nothing, moving the teens hands to behind Steve’s neck, while Steve grabbed Tony from the middle and just hugged him.
Steve’s starting to wonder if it was better when Tony was ignoring him because ever since Steve had made his move on him, Tony had become a complete tease. Tony actually started coming downstairs to see the team, only wearing Steve’s ratty old sweatpants loosely on his hips and nothing else. He would bite his lip and accidentally brush his hand against Steve’s shoulder or arm constantly. Steve wasn’t sure how long Tony was going to torture him.
Steve rolls his eyes and responded, “Well, for some reason, these guys tend to back out of a fight pretty early.” He was alluding to the first battle he had encountered with the chitauri.
Loki was swinging his scepter towards Tony’s throat when a massive green force rams into him, “Hi, puny god.”
So, Tony decided that the random helmet he made would soon be of use to him. (And the avengers, cause Tony was planning to start kicking some serious butt)
Phil’s voice rang through the tower floor, somewhat urgently, “I think I should warn you, Tony, the Avengers are landing in New York in about 34 seconds.”
Tony’s imagining this, right? He didn’t fall into some alternate dimension while on an inventing binge,
Maybe this isn’t good, to be so dependant and reliant and in love with someone who will never feel the same way about you.
“Wow.” Peter exhales. “You’ve really been holding a lot in, Ant.” He says, sitting down in the chair next to Tony and putting his hand on his back reassuringly.
Steve gives him a soft look, wanting to reach out and grab his hand—do something that would take that look off of the teens face. “What do you mean?” He asks instead.
Fury nods his head, just a slight movement. “Romanov, I want you in there and interrogating him.” Nat nods and is entering the room without hesitation. “Banner, we need you to take a look at the blood samples we took from him, see what kind of mutations this kid has. Cap and Hawkeye, stay here and see if you can catch anything Widow doesn’t. I’ll take you to the labs, Dr. Banner.”
There were resounding grunts of greetings. Natasha stared at the big blonde as he practically pranced about the kitchen, not missing how his hand skimmed across the sliver of bare skin between the bottom of Tony’s shirt and his jeans, nor the younger man’s shiver from the contact.
It makes Tony’s stomach drop, the way Clint looks when he tells him. Especially how Clint cuffs him on the back of the head lightly and gives him that proud older brother smile as he gently shrugs, “He kinds reminds me of you.”
“Yeah, you know, like the Broadway musical? “We built this city”? “Twisted Sister”?” Tony sighed in exasperation, “whatever, it’s just a nickname… Loki.”
The smaller man, traveling closely behind had black hair and a prominent smirk on his face. For some reason, this didn’t settle right with Steve.
Natasha stops moving forward, taking the boys features in slowly this time. “You’re from Eastern Europe, probably Ukraine or Romania. I haven’t been there in many years.”
The entire team of the Avengers, Rhodey, Coulson, and a group of about 20 S.H.I.E.L.D. agents were spread throughout the city, tearing the entire city apart looking for one boy. Natasha and Clint took the east side along with five agents, Bruce and Thor took the west with five more agents, Coulson with ten agents in the southern area, and Logan and Steve went alone to the north.
“Are they dead?” Tony gasps out, gripping his knees to his chest. “Oh my gosh.” He says almost silently.
“Here you are.” Tony agrees. “Listen, thanks. For helping me calm down.” He clarifies as the guy gives him a confused look. “I was kind of hiding from someone.”
confidence, but his words do the exact opposite. Most alphas who are half as attractive as this one have all of their lines written out and ready to go at the drop of a hat, but this guy seems much less rehearsed.
Tony sighs dramatically, “I guess so, yeah.” He gets out of his chair and walks away from Peter and over to his tools.
He could hear Logan behind him, Natasha probably following (but she was always silent, so hearing her footsteps was difficult). After what was probably the longest run of Steve’s life, they made it into the tower, which seemed to not have too much damage.
He giggles quietly when they walk past Steve’s room, as he realizes that JARVIS didn’t specify. He laughs when he hears JARVIS explain to the confused Avengers and barely has time to look asleep when the door creaks open. Tony can’t see, his eyes closed and the duvet covering everything below the nose. He hears the sigh come from a few people in the group. Steve quietly dismisses them saying, “We’ll deal with it in the morning.” The group all make protesting sounds, and Steve interrupts, “Are you going to be the one who wakes that up? Because I certainly won’t.”
He smiled alluringly at her when she finally caught his eye, and she smiled flirtatiously back. He took that as his cue, nudging the man next to him ands smirking, “Duty calls, gentlemen.” The men hooted and gave him pats on the back, again, as if they were all friends.
“What about a club or a bar or something?” Clint asked, leaning heavily against the park bench they were crowded around. The night air was chilling but none of them noticed.
Phil gives Pepper a look which Tony could only describe as disappointment. “Ms. Potts, you and I will be having a talk about the consequences of your decisions momentarily. Without Mr. Stark.” Phil clarified, looking at Tony while the doctor finished up.
This morning, they were sitting at the breakfast bar. Tony sat in between Bruce and Thor, Steve across from him and Logan reading a newspaper next to Steve. Tony was sleepily drinking coffee from his regular mug, and staring blankly at his full bowl of now soggy cereal. Natasha yawned as she walked in the kitchen, “Morning guys.” She startled slightly when she saw the eighteen year-old boy sitting at the bar, “Morning, Tony” She said, her voice more soft then it was before.
After Tony decided to finally start answering calls, he gathered from Bruce that “Steve is very upset with your lack of communication, and he’s going to be even more upset when he realizes he missed this call-“ (apparently he was negotiating with Asian leaders, a high tension area that Bruce was obviously not allowed into.) “-But I might as well tell you right now it’s going to be a few days, Tony, maybe even a week. These people don’t even want our help at the moment. We can’t do anything over here until we have permission.”
Tony heard the voices speaking around him, but he just chose to ignore them. At least until the warmth that was surrounding him suddenly left. He let out an unhappy moan and clutched the couch tighter, missing the warmth.
Obadiah gave him a concerned look, “Are you feeing alright, son?” He went to put his hand on Tony’s shoulder again, but Tony flinched away.
“This pertains to Shield. We need your assistance on a top secret mission. If you accept, you need to know that top secret means no one outside of this conversation can know. That means lying to the Avengers and never speaking of what happens during your mission to anyone other than myself and Director Fury.” Coulson says this all without a single smile or laugh. Tony glances around the room, feeling like the camera crew of Punk’d is about to jump out.
Steve inhaled shakily, looking down at Tony intently before putting one hand carefully at the back of Tony’s neck and brought his head down so that his forehead met Tony’s. Steve closed his eyes and whispered, “You.”
Tony was scared out of his thoughts when he heard a faint pounding on his door. The workshop’s glass had always been soundproofed, but Thor had recently proved that no human idea of soundproofing was truly feasible. Tony groaned irritably, “Who is it and what do they want?”
When Tony enters the kitchen, Natasha is yelling at Clint, “You fell asleep!? Now we’ll never know who mad-“ She’s cut off by Bruce clearing his throat loudly. She turns around quickly before smiling warmly at Tony, who’s face remains blank. “Oh, hello cica.”
He had told Steve this in confidence, ready to come up with a game plan and share the burden of the information. The last thing he had expected was for Steve to not believe him. The fight leaves Tony and he focuses on the floor.
Natasha sighed more heavily this time. “You’re right.” She groaned again, “But that Peter guy hasn’t been that great of a person to Tony lately either. He’s the one who pressured him into that party!”
. If his overpowering scent didn’t give it away, his physique would have. He’s much broader than Rumlow or any other alpha Tony’s ever seen. His biceps are
I used to take Latin, so I just used what I knew as a sort of sorcery-language for Loki. He says some stuff here so I’ll translate as best as I can (because Google translate doesn’t do Latin very accurately.)
that’s good about me, every single part of me that people actually like is from him. And twenty people were at his funeral.
Steve nearly growls as Tony is pulled from his arms but stops himself just in time. He avoids eye contact with Natasha, not wanting to see another one of her judgmental looks. He’d apologize later. Hopefully after he gets his emotions in check.
The second the door was audibly closed, Natasha walked into the room quickly. “Clint, come on, we don’t have much time.” She said as she placed a laptop on the counter. “Gather around, team.”
“Just take a minute, Tony, you only passed out a few minutes ago,” He reprimands lightly, helping the omega sit up on his own. Steve removes his arms from around Tony but doesn’t move away.
Steve exhaled loudly, “Well, I guess that settles things.” He stands and walks to the door, “Shall we?”
He hears Steve sigh, and the noise annoys him. Then the alpha is crowding into his space, wrapping arms around his much smaller waist and digging his nose into the juncture of Tony’s neck. “Just trust me, alright, Tony? We’ll figure this out. No one is going to hurt you, I promise.”
“I’ll take him to his personal doctor.” Coulson nods and thus leads Tony and Pepper, along with four other burly S.H.I.E.L.D. agents, to the SUV parked next to the tape. The policemen try to stop him, claiming that the two need to answer some questions, like what in the hell happened here, but Coulson shows him his badge again and raises his eyebrows. They back off and the small S.H.I.E.L.D. team moved on. The agents cover Tony and Pepper from the civilians and potential paparazzi now taking pictures for the Internet.
JARVIS is silent for a moment, faithfully doing as he’s told. His voice returns seconds later. “The captain responded, “This isn’t a question, Tony. You haven’t eaten all day and it’s time for you to eat. And soon, hopefully, sleep.” Would you like me to respond?” JARVIS plays Steve’s voice like a recording as Tony rolls his eyes.
“The anniversary of what?” He hears Bruce whisper helplessly to Natasha. Steve already knows. Tomorrow will mark three years since Howard and Maria Stark were killed in a car accident.
It’s not that Tony didn’t like spending time with the Avengers, it’s just that they thought he was so dang vulnerable (and yeah, maybe he is, but he didn’t like being treated like a child).
Clint was over the computer in seconds, placing a card onto the computer’s attached scanner. An ID popped up, one that read, Cad. James Rhodes, with a picture of Tony’s best friend underneath. Suddenly the screen changed again
Tony searched for words, his mind completely blank out of terror. Coulson didn’t want Tony near this guy, therefore Tony shouldn’t be near this guy. “Um, well, it’s definitely, err, wonderful!” Tony said, nervously laughing.
These were Jarvis hugs. From 10 years ago when his mother died, from when his father got too drunk, too upset, from when Howard lost control. Jarvis was there at the end with these hugs. He was there with these hugs and “I’m sorry, Mr. Tony. So so sorry, Mr. Tony.”
Peter somehow successfully got into the tower unnoticed by the rest of the Avengers. He didn’t really understand why the team of superheroes didn’t like him, but he figured it was something that he would just have to live with. Sure, he understood that he made a bad decision with that huge party, and maybe he shouldn’t have deliberately made Steve jealous the morning after (by pulling Tony on top of him when he heard the team entering the tower) but it’s not like he ever meant Tony any real harm. The kid was cute and by far one of the nicest people Peter had met since moving north. And yeah, the money and fame is a total plus, but Peter didn’t even know about that stuff when he met Ant.
Tony made sure that he was 10 blocks out the back entrance before having JARVIS alert the Avengers that his home-meeting was over. He didn’t feel like having to dead bolt his door or put panels over the air vents in his room, so he decided on taking a walk while he cooled off. Unfortunately, Tony was still to wound up after Justin Hammer being his normal, dick self and the Avengers being abnormally annoying. Or maybe they were always annoying and Peter just made him realize it today.
He follows the agent, who pulls out a packet of papers from god-knows-where and looks at Tony expectantly.
Steve scoffs. “Just because Natasha showed you a few moves does not mean you could fight off whoever it is who’s trying to get to you.”
when you’re not listening to me. And no one even knows what it is, they just think it’s boring engineer stuff—which is kind of
“Don’t be ridiculous, Tones.” Clint says soothingly, holding Tony in a fierce hug. Something that feels like jealousy pricks at the back of Steve’s head. He remembers when he loved someone like that. He remembers having that brotherly affection for someone, wanting to protect them against the entire
Steve shakes his head once more, this time a stubborn look on his face. “Look, Tony, I know you and Howard didn’t get along, but to accuse him of
Logan rolled his eyes, “He’s a kid genius, guys, and Tony finished college seven years before any of the people near his own age. He didn’t have any friends to “peer pressure” him.”
Wanda give the alpha a dark look, “I cannot make you believe me, but you would be fools not to. HYDRA wants to control Stark in the same way they controlled the last merchant of death. They will do whatever is necessary to have their weapons back.”
“Ladies, please. There are much more pressing matters at hand.” A male voice spoke for the first time. There was a crisp tone to it, and it reminded Steve of the voice that Tony was working on for his new system.
Tony lets out a self-deprecating laugh and looks at the ground, “I think freaked out is one word for what I was feeling.” He replies nervously, not really wanting to meet Steve’s eyes quite yet. “I’d honestly appreciate it if you just… you know, forgot everything I said in the elevator.” Tony tries, wincing only slightly as he meets Steve’s eyes, which look way too charmed for the current situation.
“Okay… well I guess we should start in order?” Natasha suggests, clicking the first news article, dated to ten years prior.
“Um, Fury called me in.” He says politely, not daring to turn his back to the alpha, but dismissing him as best he can with his words, he still doesn’t look up at Rumlow. He doesn’t
A bitter laugh sounded from Cadet Rhodes, “Right, well, I can go ahead and tell you that when Tony doesn’t want to be found, he won’t be found. As you know now he sort of has experience in trying to hide from jerks.
“No.” Tony said quietly, standing shakily to his feet, “I can’t- I just can’t be near you right now.”
But this time his mother’s door was locked. So Tony sighed and walked away from the door slowly. He knew not to knock.
.” He says, looking embarrassed but so terrified it’s all Steve can do to not run off and make good on his promise to track down whoever hurt Tony like this.
The omega’s eyes finally focus in on Steve, blue locking into amber intently. The others may be talking too but there's only one voice he's hearing now.
Steve snarled, “Why would I be jealous when he’s already mine?” He smirked at the confused look on Peter’s face. “I don’t need to explain anything to you, cowboy.” Steve drops the boy to the floor abruptly, quickly barking, “Just believe me when I say that the second you hurt Tony is the second you die.” before clicking the “HALT” button off and exiting the elevator.
He gets to work on the rough design, taking measurements of his arm and creating pieces that fit around his joints. His brain is working a million miles a minute, wondering if there’s a way to put the gauntlet on quickly or if it will always be a grueling task. If he should make two gauntlets? But then he needs to protect his front, his back, his… entire body really. And of course he’ll need an indestructible mask because no one—
Tony tries his best to ignore the mention of his father. He knows Cap was friends with his dad when they were in the war together. Howard was probably very different back then. Still, he hopes Steve gets the hint to leave Howard out of their conversations. “Well, I
Tony was here to meet with all of the avengers, but he’s known Clint and Nat for a while and although meeting Dr. Banner and a demigod sounded exciting in their own ways, Tony has always had a soft spot for Captain America.
Tony chuckles at the blatant honesty. “I think I would like that. Tony Stark, though I guess you knew that,” Tony introduces.
“You’re Thor’s brother, right? The guy who attacked New Mexico?” Tony said, his hand behind him failing to find the button. A look of anger overtook Loki’s face, and he stepped forward, coming dangerously close to Tony.
, rough hand grips his chin in another familiar move. The hold is strong, too tight on his jaw and Howard’s angry face stares back. “This is a warning, Stark. You must choose sides very wisely, as your father did,
Tony is quickly making his way through the halls, glowering at every painting and plant that he walks by when he gets JARVIS’ message. “Sir, there is a Justin Hammer here to see you.”
Tony looked taken aback for a second before recovering, “Yeah, um right that’s chill- or um cool? With me…” He said, backing his chair away. “Let me just go… get that done.” He said, already dialing numbers and walking out the door.”
Peter rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah. Okay fine. But she’s not entering our best friendship, okay? We’re the bromance in this story.”
Steve is surprised at the low growl that leaves his throat inadvertently. He looks, wide-eyed to Tony’s confused look, “You—weren’t you 14 when you were a freshman?”
“I don’t know about this Steve, this isn’t right. Last time they collapsed because Hulk threw the missile into the vortex, remember?” Natasha said, sighing heavily. She held her hand to her ear, activating the communicator, “Clint, hey, you just saw all of that, right?” Natasha was silent for a moment before talking again, “Clint?”
Peter rolled his eyes, “You and Steve. Are, you know, fucking? Or whatever it is you kids do these days.” He says teasingly.
“Why are you drinking coffee at three in the morning?” Bruce asked, leaning against the opposing counter.
“What other boy genius would it be, Jimmy Neutron?” Clint scoffed, and then continued to laugh while the rest of the group glared at him. “-Okay, fine. Not joking time, gotcha.” He muttered, going back to searching the robot.
He was actually cuddling with Captain America. Like, bridal style-neck nuzzle-snuggle. Tony stared at the people around him with wide eyes, trying to avoid the Captains concerned gaze. “Um- what… what the heck happened??” Tony asked hesitantly.
fighting; the only time he’d ever get into fights was when he was stepping in to save me when I was getting my ass kicked. He never wanted to fight in a war. I don’t give a damn if his death was heroic, I just wanted my best friend to live.”
But, like it or not, Tony has work to do and SI’s board members have been waiting for him to fall behind and screw things up for every single one of the seven months he’s been CEO. He refuses to give them a reason to push out the only omega they have on their board of trustees. He’s already made history by being the first omega to own and operate a fortune 500 industry, and he’s not planning on letting it slip through his hands anytime soon.
The boy looks at him with furrowed eyebrows, faced scrunched in confusion before he smooths it out unconvincingly. He laughs along with Tony, “Right.”
“Stark, now is really not the time.” Fury says, sounding incredibly tired so Tony decides not to push his luck. He also tries not to look Steve in the eyes because if he does, he might drown in his embarrassment. Either that, or drown in Steve’s eyes. Neither of which were ideal options give the current situation.
Peter lets a giggle escape, “Making love. Right. So you guys aren’t dating?” He asks, already knowing the answer.
The Avengers raised their eyebrows, Steve and Bruce were both gaping, and Natasha and Clint were both surprised Tony was being so rude.
Tony’s blush returned full scale. “Well- I just- I didn’t expect you to get one from… you know- me.” Tony stated while looking away, embarrassed.
Logically, Tony thinks to himself, all of the avengers should be crossed off the list of ‘potential HYDRA agents.’
Thor caught his brother by the arm. “We’re going home, brother, for good.” He said, disappointment clear in his voice. “I assume everything will be…“ He looked over to the fragile looking teen in Steve’s arms, “…okay without me here for a little.”
Oh and I also don’t own Jimmy Neutron. I don’t know if I have to add that or not but yay for 90’s Nickelodeon references!!
“His past?” Natasha tilted her head, feigning innocence. It was about time she figured out what was up with her little cica.
.” She repeats, “The Winter Soldier is HYDRA’s greatest weapon. He’s stronger than fifty soldiers with the stealth and aim of an assassin. He has never failed a mission.”
“Can I sleep here?” Tony blurts. Completely inappropriate. Not at all what he meant to say, either. He had just come here to talk. Steve had been so good at talking the other night and Tony had just wanted to clear the air.
I truly appreciate all of the kudos & comments. I probably wouldn't have continued the story if it weren't for y'all's support.
Justin stares at Tony for a moment before slowly standing. “Well then, I guess I’ll be going.” Hammer turned slowly and walked to the door. Just as he was opening the door he turned back with an “Oh!” he waltzed right back to Tony’s desk and put down a card. It was an invitation. “I’ve already told the press and RSVP that you’ll be there. You’re welcome.” Justin says snidely, knowing full well that now Tony would basically have to show up now. Justin gives Tony one last look, but Tony’s already searching the card intently.
Meeting Doctor Banner had reminded him of something he had learned a long time ago back when he was at MIT. If the polarity between isotopes wouldn’t create the amount of energy he needed for the energy that the reactor would require, then maybe
He had never necessarily been comfortable around Howards friends, but his work “friends” were always the worst. All of them military types who would drink way too much and stare at Tony for far too long, even when he was just thirteen.
“I getcha completely, partner. Ever since I moved to this dreadful place all I see is nosy people with their fucked up nosy little noses in others people’s busy-ness. It’s annoyin’ as fuck.” Peter says lazily, not sure what he was even saying.
Steve exhales loudly, “Yes. I’m sorry, Tony, but- you just act like you’ve never heard of a morning wood before!” He says, still holding back laughter.
Story title inspired by Murder Song (5, 4, 3, 2, 1)-- Acoustic by AURORA. great song that heavily inspired this song u should listen (:
“You’re not old enough to drink, Tony!” Steve yelled, exasperated at the same time that Natasha yelled:
Steve sighs lightly, already thinking of ways he should apologize and  begins moving towards the couch so he can lay Tony down.
Tony rolls his eyes at the awkward memory before stepping off the elevator, tapping his receptionist’s desk lightly with an easy smile, “Amy, please do a sleep-deprived, emotionally exhausted, and slightly depressed kid a favor and remind what today’s meeting is about?”
“Hey, I just wanted to apologize for how we started things. I hope I didn’t freak you out.” Steve says, eyes so blue and honest, Tony has no idea how anyone ever stays mad at him.
Once again, Clint isn’t expecting it, so after he groans from the impact, he gapes at Tony. “What the hell wa-“
Peter knows that Tony wants to be alone so he gets up from his place in the stool and slowly makes his way to the glass doors. “You know, I think I should head out now, you know? I’ll text you.” Tony spares Peter one last look, giving a tired wave, and Peter suddenly sees the bags under his eyes. He sees the slight, uneven stubble on his friend’s cheeks and the slouched stature. He always knew that Tony wasn’t a great sleeper but he had never seen an 18 year old look so bone-tired. “Try and get a nap, Ant. Don’t drink too much coffee either. And eat your veggies.” Peter says good-naturedly.
“Agent! To what do I owe the pleasure?” He asks dramatically. Coulson rolls his eyes, moving past Tony and into the workshop quickly. Tony blinks and shuts the door.
. How could he have possibly switched sides like that? You’re distressed, Tony, you don’t know what you’re saying.”
Because Lord knows Steve’s made a fool of himself. Acting like an alpha in rut; growling at his friend because she got to close to an omega he thinks is attractive, ordering said omega around like Tony is his, and nearly ripping Tony’s packmate’s hands off for grabbing the omega. Steve has clearly never been the smoothest alpha in the world.
Steve stays behind. “Tony, are you sure you’re alright?” He asks, trying his best not to wince at his own awkwardness. Of course he’s not alright.
“Okay, that’s enough, Agent Hill. He’s told you all he knows.” Steve says, and yes, thank goodness Steve is in Tony’s corner this time. Because really, who’s going to say no to Captain America?
“Holy cow!” Tony screeches, noticing his position exactly, and falling backwards, hitting the carpet with a soft thump, blushing furiously.
Predictably, Coulson texted back within the minute, “I’m glad you’re with a friend, but I’ll still be checking in on you later.”
Peter sent Tony an incredulous look, “I am not you, Antonius-whatever the hell your last name is- I’m not nearly as cute as you.” The bartender buried his face in his arms that were resting on the table, “I’m hot and manly.”
“You.” A shaking finger was thrust into his face. Tony looked up at his father, recognizing the look of pure hatred. Howard Stark was angry. “It’s your fault, huh?” His father all but screamed.
“I was in the neighborhood and Tony called me, figured I’d come hang out with my buddy, you know?” Peter said, shrugging. “I think he’s still scared I’m gunna up and ditch ‘em cause of what happened the other night.”
deal with whoever put you through this.” Steve’s voice is dark as he says this and Tony watches in interest as his blue eyes harden into something much more sinister and terrifying. Tony believes Steve, every word he says. “You’re going to be just fine, I promise.”
Nobody had questioned the sudden change in Steve and Tony’s new tactile relationship. To the two, it had come as naturally as breathing. Thor had entered the Avengers family in a similar fashion. His calm and collected demeanor in battle and during serious situations disappeared the second he returned from Asgard. Suddenly, the Avengers met the loud, pop-tart loving demigod, afterhours.
“You’re worried.” Steve acknowledges lowly as Tony leaves the room briskly, and Clint sighs, side eyeing the other alpha.
There was a rustling and a whine of “I don’t wanna! I don’t like them!” from Tony, Logan guessed. Eventually an upset voice answered glumly, “Yes?”
Comment/Kudos/Favorites just make me work faster ((and they make me smile on hard days at school)) so make a gal happy and do one of those things? *bats eyelashes* *smiles awkwardly*
So intently, that he just missed Justin’s eyes flickering to an alarming shade of blue before returning almost immediately back to the normal color.
“Are you sure you want to do that, Captain Rogers?” Loki smirked, twirling his staff carelessly, “Remember the power I have right now.” He said, hovering the sharpened scepter way too close to Tony’s throat.
Steve didn’t intend on being this protective over an omega he met less than twenty four hours ago, but here he is. And honestly, he knows what it probably looks like to the other avengers but it’s
He blinks furiously, swiping a long sleeved arm over his face to brush off the frustrated tears. Damn hormones. He can’t show emotion like this in front of Steve. He has to be calm and collected, or Steve will go full protective alpha mode.
It’s all Tony can do to not outwardly cheer as the final presenter, one of the more intimidating alphas, finishes her spiel.
Clint rolls his eyes, “Should I be offended that I’m never a part of you two’s pissing contests? I’m just going to assume you’re both too intimidated by me to even try to challenge me.” He glares at Natasha after a small huff of laughter is heard from her direction.
Steve, despite his claim a few nights ago that he usually has trouble sleeping, is out like a light.
Peter scoffs, “Alright then, buddy. Hey! Tell Ant to call me when he’s sober enough to hang out!” He says in this tone and Steve knows that the guy is just trying to mess with his head but Steve still turns around he just about decks the guy until he remembers Tony in his arms.
ALSO. I’ve never posted on AO3 before (I’ve always been on fanfiction.net) so I’m not really sure how the whole rating thing goes. There’s some rough language throughout this chapter and I put that as teen+ (because I’m fourteen and I’ve been hearing that word since I was like 7, so I thought that would be a fair rating) but if y’all think that I should up the rating to Mature, let me know. The rating may change further into the story ((smut))
He agonizes over it in the silence of his workshop. JARVIS suggests telling Clint. But telling Clint is the same as telling Natasha and both of them—
Clint also tells Tony a lot about Captain America. Clint didn’t really like the guy at first, which doesn’t really surprise Tony. Cap strikes Tony as the kind of guy who takes his day job very seriously, which is just about the opposite to how Clint treats it.
Steve looks right now. That stops Tony in his tracks. He retraces his steps in his head, trying to figure out exactly what he did to mess things up this time. Then he remembers.
know what I’m saying, Steve, stop treating me like I’m some traumatized omega. I came to you because I trusted you and I thought you would take me seriously. Clearly I was wrong.” Tony snaps, stomping towards the elevator.
“That’s why we listen to the little one, Captain?” Thor asked, his voice booming through the communicators.
Tony takes a deep breath as he steps into Shield headquarters. He had been here countless times before, but that didn’t stop the deep-seated anxiety that fills him every time he walks in. He does his best to reign in his emotions. No one likes the smell of a weak omega, Tony reminds himself. He needs to hold his head high, stare at the picture of Aunt Peggy that’s hanging near the doorway, and pretend like he’s meant to be here.
Natasha wanted to hack in the system to figure out more, she even recruited Agent Coulson to help. Coulson’s harsh reply surprised us all.
Which he totally is, by the way. This isn’t like the last time when he impersonated a janitor just so he could get information on Captain America’s apparent rescue and revival. Or like the time before
Honestly, it’s a little painful at first and Steve has to pull back a little, opening his eyes just enough to see Tony’s wide eyes and raised hands. For a terrifying moment Steve thinks that Tony’s surprised hands mean that he’s going to push Steve away and Steve doesn’t think he could even begin to handle that without absolutely dying. But then Steve practically feels Tony melt and his hands land onto Steve’s shoulders and Steve hums happily, pulling back for a quick breath, resting his head against Tony’s again.
Continuing his fast pace down the hall, Tony starts typing out a long message to Rhodey. Ever since Rhodey started training in the air force, they haven’t been able to talk much, but they both make a habit of sending texts when they can. Last Tony heard, Rhodey was complaining about some other alpha at the base who’s totally showing him up in all of their basic training assignments. Rhodes says that he’s met his ultimate arch nemesis but Tony sees it for what it truly is; young love. He’s in the middle of waxing poetic about what the two alpha’s children will look like when he hears a low voice call after him. “Tony?”
“Just go, Jarvis.” Shannon sighs, her feet moving along with another pair, disappearing from the screen. The man named Jarvis walked, quite fast, to what seemed to be the far side of the house. He knocked on a large door in the middle of a hallway.
