“They'd reserved the room for two hours. When they didn't check out in time, Kate came to me and informed me. We gave them another quarter of an hour, but then I went downstairs to have a look. I do have a master key in cases of... emergency. That's when I found them.” Her face stays calm and collected. Sherlock is suddenly sure that it hasn't  been the first time that Irene Adler had encountered violent death. “I instructed Kate to let the fire alarm go off. That quickly cleared the premises. We have some very discreet security guards on hand. They ensured all parties left with the very minimum of fuss. When everyone was gone I called your brother.”
The paramedic, who had insisted to pull Sherlock from John's arms, despite the army doctor's protest, also had demanded that Sherlock was to be admitted to the hospital overnight, as he had been drugged with yet unknown substances and was clearly in a state of shock.
When John has to pause for a moment to give his arm some rest, he entertains himself by grazing his short fingernails over Sherlock's raw backside, making him moan and shiver in futile attempts to escape the torture.
“Filthy.” He agrees.
“You don't get it, do you, Mycroft?” John replies, smiling while putting a hand on Sherlock's nape. “This is not about you. This is about Sherlock. I don't give a toss what you'll do to me. But I won't leave Sherlock to you and your twisted little games.”
Sherlock's longing, come-covered face will serve him as wanking material over the next weeks of separation.
“Do you, by any chance, remember the name of the person who vouched for Lord Saint Clair to have him admitted.”
Sherlock must have overheard the arrival of the group, for he shoots John a questioning look. John knows he can't lie to him, but maybe he can somehow soften the ugly truth?
Sherlock turns back again and looks over to Moriarty, who has moved again and is now standing next to one of the sheet covered stretchers near the freezer door. The grin on the man's face is outright chilling.
“How bad is it?” Sherlock asks almost too gleefully.
He starts to knead his buttocks before gently asking: “Push up. Spread your legs for me.”
“This will break his skin.” John objects, but nevertheless returns with an innocently looking, thin cane.
“Crawl.” John orders, and Sherlock does.
Sherlock flinches as John mentions Mycroft.
“That little slut seems truly floored, mate.” Another man, this one sporting a not too clean chequered flannel shirt, barks out.
“I think you'll have no choice.” John retorts calmly
“Ready?” John asks one last time, and Sherlock nods. John takes up the knife, holds it firmly in his left hand, presses the blade against the tattooed skin and cuts. Blood wells up. Sherlock growls into his gag.
“No, you git. Messed up, wounded, jealous and on the run.” John smiles, still holding unto Sherlock, who grins back. John takes his hand and places it over his groin.
“If hurts.” Sherlock hisses through gritted teeth as he tries to get his breath back under control.
After fifteen minutes, Sherlock is openly crying. There's a core of white, hot agony lodged in his middle, radiating pain. All his muscles are pulled taut. It feels as if he might snap any minute. His cheeks and neck are wet with tears and spit. It's seeping under his collar, making his skin itch.
Sherlock desperately tries to relax and briefly closes his eyes. John pinches his cock rather brutally to get his attention back to the task at hand and, surprised by the pain, Sherlock opens his eyes in shock and manages to dribble a few droplets of piss into the jar. He gasps in disgust but now that the floodgates are open it's rather easy to just let it flow from his body until the jar is nearly full. Despite an appreciative low moan of encouragement from John Sherlock's face is still flushed bright red as John screws the lid shut and puts the jar on the table next to the blood sample.
Luckily, there's this guy at the bar, fluent in both English and German, who, after putting his newspaper down, helps John translate his order. They strike up a conversation, Sherlock recommending the Pinot Gris he's drinking. Soon, they are discussing wine before moving on to other topics: the weather, the pound, Brexit...
John smiles: “Get on your hands and knees.” As Sherlock bends forwards, he moans as the weights dangle from his chest, pulling at his nipples, stretching the skin. He's thin and doesn't sport much body fat, however, therefore they don't droop much. Sherlock's head is bowed so that he can watch. His cock juts out between his legs, twitching and leaking. His breathing is speeding up.
“Ah, the good Doctor Watson. Did you come to rescue your damsel in distress?” The smile that distorts Magnussen's mouth is abhorrent.
True, as another man steps forward, pulling the Asian's head back by his drenched hair, baring his throat to Sherlock, who licks and nips and bites down, tasting, sighing, rocking his hips forward in a desperate attempt to get some friction for his poor confined cock on the slippery tiles.
Sherlock just nods obediently, all fight fucked out of him.
“No idea. Just make something up.” With that, Sherlock turns and runs down the stairs.
“Remember, John, don't get involved.” Mycroft reminds him as the door closes and the car pulls away. John waits a moment, then takes his phone out to check for a message from Sherlock.
“I deserved it... I'm such a pain slut... Thank you, John... You are so kind, so generous... so good to me.” His breathing is ragged, his eyes red-rimmed, yet his cock is rock-hard again as he looks up at John from below heavy lids.
“So, what do you have so far?” It's Anderson asking, leaning against the mantelpiece, glass of Whisky in hand. Sherlock completely ignores him and directly addresses Irene.
They both have to get up for this. Kate's frock isn't only looking vintage – it really is. There are no zippers but loads of hooks and buttons. Sherlock's face is wet, his lips are swollen and his fingers tremble but he still manages to efficiently unbutton Kate's blouse. It's made of fine white silk so Sherlock can see her hard nipples beneath the fabric even before he pushes the shirt off her shoulders. She's wearing a topless white corset underneath, laced so tight that Sherlock might be able to span her waist with both his hands.
The sound the pig had made seemed to fit his moniker, for it had sounded more like a tortured animal than of anything a human might utter. It wasn't a scream though, more a desperate, broken whine.
She turns so that Sherlock can unbuckle her skirt. When it falls to the floor she's just in her black high heels, black hold-ups and white corset. Her round firm arse sports a brand mark on the right cheek, the letters I and A entwined. Sherlock swallows, remembering his own punishment from last night. He's tempted to brush his fingers over the mark but is sure that this will not be allowed. Nevertheless, he's fascinated by the degree of submission proven by this mark. It must have hurt like hell. As Sherlock let's his eyes roam over Kate's body to distract him from his thoughts he discovers that she's got freckles on her shoulder, which Sherlock finds strangely cute.
“Sorry, excuse us.” John mumbles as he gently steers Sherlock back into his room. Sherlock's father somewhat gapes at them, but doesn't say a word as he slowly enters the bathroom and closes the door behind himself.
Sherlock's head lolls on his neck, his whole body gone limp. He just takes it. And takes it. Mycroft is pistoning in and out of him, snapping his hips, slapping against his bruised cheeks, but Sherlock is unable to come. He just lies back and lets his body be used for what it’s made for.
“You are, of course, right, Doctor Watson. I will advise Miss Adler as not to condone such activities at her premises in the future.” The elder Holmes placates in a soothing tone.
“Let me clean your cock as well, please.” Sherlock begs, and John gets up to allow for it after rearranging the panties. Sherlock suckles onto John's soft cock, until,s suddenly, John can feel Sherlock's jaw go slack. As he looks down, he sees Sherlock's knickers turn even darker and wetter.
They share a quick shower, and, while getting dressed afterwards, Sherlock's phone pings. He's once again absorbed by the case. Apparently, there has been a new development.
Sherlock shrugs and rolls over to resume his grinding.
... yes, that's why he has to restrain himself. If he ever wants Sherlock to experience the anguish and shock of being opened up by a metal speculum again he has to postpone the brutal fucking that is on the forefront of his foggy mind.
Sherlock starts to slide from the stretcher but is stopped by one of Toby's hands on his tight-laced waist. The hand lingers a moment, fingers tightening, until Mycroft explains: “We are not yet done here, Sherlock.”
“Can you swallow?”
“Sherlock!” There's a slight warning in John's voice. “Remember, you do what I want.”
This won't take long.
“Precisely. And for me to escape them, I need you to distract them. Your pyjamas will be a great help with that.” Sherlock smirks, glancing down at John's crotch.
“I told you I had a surprise for you, remember? It's in your bedroom. Dress up in the garments on your bed. I'll be with you in fifteen minutes.”
Over the next hour, all those objects go up Sherlock's slit. John shows him which one's next, holding it up in front of his face before disinfecting it with the sanitizer. Then the object is lubed up and inserted into Sherlock's urethra. Very slowly.
John opens him up further and further. Lube runs down his cleft and thighs, mixing with sweat and precome as Sherlock breaths and squirms and pants while John steadily pushes and pushes until suddenly the broad rubber rim hits Sherlock's buttocks.
John  senses Sherlock slowly approaching, his bare feet hardly making any noise on the carpet. He stops and lingers in the doorway, leaning against the frame as John turns again to face him. Sherlock smiles invitingly, looking positively pornographic with his clingy silk robe hugging his pale, lithe body, his dishevelled curls a dark halo against the light; a debauched fallen angel, watching John from hooded eyes.
Feeling more than a little sick, Sherlock does as he's told.
“Come on, this way.” She says by way of a greeting, then escorts them down the hall and into the basement of the house.
“What we have is based on trust. Without trust, there's nothing. Without trust it's just cruel, pointless acrobatics.” John hisses, holding Sherlock gaze until he lowers his eyes. In response, John releases him, sighs and sinks onto the mattress, scrubbing his hands over his face. He looks drained and tired. “What am I to do with you, hm?”
John helps Sherlock to lie down, tugging him under the soft sheets. He’s still wearing his hideous outfit. John will ask his parents for some of his old clothes. Sherlock keeps very still, grabbing the blanket, staring up at John from his bruised eyes. It’s evident that he doesn’t want to be here, but he also knows that they need a place to rest. And this is the safest they can be. Mycroft won’t do anything to his little brother under their parent’s roof.
“Have you put your whole hand inside him yet?” Lestrade asks as his fingers tease Sherlock's hole.
----------
“I told you, Sherlock, patience.” John tells him again.
Greg just grins even more wickedly as he removes his fingers. “By the way, I like it that you don't overuse lube.” He says while pulling his belt out of its loops.
The wounds are healed by now but make a beatiful pattern on Sherlock's back, red scars criss-crossing on pale, smooth skin. John strokes the marks tenderly with gloved fingers, telling Sherlock how awesome he looks.
Ten minuets later, Sherlock sits in the back of a car, just clad in high heels and a soiled t-shirt covered by his coat, with spit drying on his face, come on his clothes, smelling unmistakeably of piss. But John is holding his hand, soothingly stroking his thumb over Sherlock's knuckles as he gives the driver an address. The cabbie doesn't even arch an eyebrow, just nods and drives on.
“Faster.”
As John eventually feels that he's getting close from the two delicious mouths working on him he pulls the red-head back abruptly. Kate pants at the loss of cock but is quickly pacified when John tells Sherlock to undress her.
Mark tentatively rubs the blunt head of the dildo over his hole, brushing back and forth as if to tease himself until John passes him the bottle of lube. Mark takes his time to slick up the dildo, making eye contact with John while he works the gooey substance onto the hard, black rubber until it's glistening wet.
Sherlock is dimly aware that Moriarty is again filming him on his phone, capturing him violating a dead body.
Sherlock smiles. “Clever.”
Molly clears her throat. “Yes.”
“Can I see him now?” Is all he has the energy to ask.
“You are doing very well, Sherlock. Let's see if my next move can excite you a bit more.”
“Oh, you are a bad boy, aren't you?” John whispers, pulling back the safety catch and pressing the nozzle of the gun against Sherlock's temple. “Lie back, then. I'm afraid you'll have to do without the lube now.”
“Turn around.” John's voice is somewhat rough as Sherlock turns his back to him. “Kneel.”
Achète des patchs. –SH
C'est une des raisons pour lesquelles je ne bois pas souvent. –SH
Tu veux bien juste répondre pour me dire si tu vas bien ? -JW
Parfois la vie est ainsi. Ce n'est pas parce que tu aimes une personne, qu'elle ressent automatiquement la même chose de son côté. –JW
Yep. Irrévocablement un enfoiré. –JW
Oui. Bien sûr. À quoi est-ce que je pensais. –JW
Je ne veux pas l'encourager. –SH
Il peut y en avoir des centaines d'autres. –SH
Je ferais mieux d'arrêter de boire maintenant. –JW
Toujours est-il que ce que j'ai dit est juste. –SH
Arrête, Sherlock. Tu sais très bien ce que je veux dire. –JW
Ok, mais après, nous allons chez Angelo. –JW
Ça n'arrivera plus ? –SH
Pourquoi tu n'en sais rien ? –JW
Par rancune ? –JW
Et tu écris à propos de ta vie puis postes le tout sur un blog ayant pas mal de lecteurs. –SH
Mme Hudson ne le remarquera probablement pas. –SH
Te parler m'aide à penser. –SH
Pas considérable ? –JW
Ce n'était pas difficile à deviner. –SH
Tu m'aides à penser. –SH
Je sais. –SH
-----
Tu ne peux pas tout le temps faire semblant. –JW
Pourquoi t'es-tu arrêté d'écrire ? –SH
Je veux bien y jeter un coup d'œil. –JW
Les résultats sont arrivés. –SH
Elle ne sortait avec toi que parce que tu es médecin. –SH
Si je le fais, tu viendras ? –JW
Je crois que je ne peux pas te demander de 'ne pas enquêter sans moi'. –JW
J'arrive. Ne bouge pas ! –JW
N'enquête pas sans moi. –JW
Sullivan me fait un peu penser à Lestrade. –SH
John ? –SH
Je le voulais. J'aurais dû me contrôler, comme d'habitude. Je n'ai pas pu. –JW
Non pas du tout. -JW
*Besoin de demander. –JW
Alors qui ? –JW
Une personne disparue. Un homme s'est volatilisé de chez lui. –SH
Donc, quelqu'un a voulu cacher l'identité de la victime ? –JW
Non. –JW
Elle se déplace. –SH
D'accord. –SH
Ouais. Ça peut aider. –JW
Aurais aimé que tu sois à la maison. –JW
Ennuyeux. –SH
Dehors avec moi. –JW
De plus, si tu résous cette affaire avant que l'on aille chez Angelo, tu mangeras aussi. –JW
John ? –SH
Pourquoi je t'enverrais des messages si tu étais toujours ici ? –SH
Tout le monde n'est pas fana de sexe comme toi. –SH
Effectivement. Je crains bien que nous ne l'ayons ignoré sans succès. –JW
C'est vrai, mais tu aimes stocker des informations concernant les autres. –JW
Je n'aurais pas dû. Ça ne me concerne pas. –JW
Oh. –JW
Mais ça pourrait t'aider. –JW
D'accord. J'ai pris un verre et une bouteille de whiskey au cas où. –JW
Déjà plus cohérent. J'irais jeter un coup d'œil. Mais ça pourrait juste être une coïncidence. –SH
Qu'est-ce que tu fais ? –SH
Ce n'est certainement pas la première fois que j'ai envie de t'embrasser. –JW
J'essayerai. –SH
J'en mange. Généralement tu ignores les toasts si j'en mets dessus. –JW
Je ne vois pas de quoi tu veux parler. –SH
Tu ne viens pas juste de dîner ? –SH
Je ne pense pas. –SH
Que voulais-tu Sherlock ? –JW
Vide le mini-bar pour moi. –JW
Je crois que j'ai fait un trou dans le frigo. –SH
Oui. Toi aussi. –JW
-----
Que lorsqu'il y a quelqu'un d'autre ici. –SH
Ce n'est vraiment pas le moment de discuter de ça. –JW
Si, si tu l'es. Un incroyable idiot. Parfois. –JW
Non. De son ex-femme. –SH
Elle est la première personne à qui tu penses lorsqu'il est question d'alcoolisme. –SH
Tu n'utiliserais pas le mot 'ennui' à la place d'une toute autre émotion ressentie et que tu n'oserais pas admettre ? –JW
Tu sais bien que non. –JW
Tu veux que je quitte Londres ? –SH
-----
Ça fait une heure que je te parle. Quand es-tu parti ? –SH
Oui. –SH
C'est une blague à propos de mes rencards fréquents ? –JW
Je suis déjà passé par ta collection pornographique. –SH
Si il y en a eu une, il peut y en voir d'autres. –SH
Taxi. J'arrive bientôt. Ça va toujours ? –JW
Ce n'est pas la même chose, John. Molly est éprise de l'image qu'elle a de moi. –SH
Tu le veux maintenant ? –JW
Oh. –JW
Très bien. Si tu le dois. –SH
Tu voudra etre norml un jour, nest ce pas ? TEs normal. –SH
Rien que le concept. –JW
Parce qu'il n'y a qu'un seul Sherlock Holmes. –JW
Oh. Tu te sens seul ? –JW
Sherlock, répond-moi. –JW
C'est ce que les couples font ? – SH
Peu importe ta réponse, tout va bien. –JW
C'est ce que je fais. –SH
Depuis l'université ? Comment tu as fait ? -JW
Ça devient ridicule. Où es-tu ? –JW
-----
Et il m'a aussi posé la main aux fesses. –JW
John ? Qu'est-ce qu'il t'a dit ? –SH
J'essaye juste de savoir si c'était un compliment ou non. –JW
Franchement qui sait ce que Mycroft pense ? –JW
Londres commence à t'ennuyer ? –SH
Ça ne signifiait rien. Ça ne
Je sais. J'ai juste pensé que tu serais assez intelligent pour être d'accord avec moi. –JW
Tu considérais la question, n'est-ce pas ? –JW
Non. La seule chose plus horrible que de t'avoir ici serait que tu ne sois plus là. –SH
Génial. Je commence réellement à me les geler ici. –JW
Subtile. –SH
Qu'est-ce qu'il t'a dit ? –SH
Peut-être qu'il faisait partit d'un gang et qu'ils n'ont pas voulu que l'on puisse remonter jusqu'à eux ? –JW
Tu t'ennuies aussi en les faisant ? –SH
Comment deux personnes peuvent-elles ressentir de si différents sentiments l'un envers l'autre ? –SH
Je devrais vraiment avoir les deux compartiments dans le frigo. –SH
Pas moi. Supprime tout, s'il-te-plait. –SH
Tu es sûr ? Je ne voudrais pas que tu t'ennuies. –SH
Je ne sais pas quoi dire. –JW
Faire d'enuyeuses courses et acheter de la confitur de mûre. –SH
Est-ce un des sages conseils de Mike ? –SH
Il vit au-dessus du club. –SH
Juste que c'est une longue durée. –JW
Il arrive. –JW
Non. –SH
Tu écris un roman. –SH
C'était un compliment. –SH
Bonne nuit. –SH
Ce n'est certainement pas le cas. –SH
Qu'est-ce que tu as répondu ? –SH
Peut-être que tu seras plus gentil avec Molly désormais. –JW
Ce serait contre-productif. –SH
Tu es doué pour la description. –SH
Quoi ? Pourquoi ? –JW
Il faudrait que je boive bien plus que ça. –SH
Oui. Je suis désolé. C'est arrivé comme ça. Ça n'arrivera plus jamais. –JW
Bien. Donc ça n'arrivera pas, d'accord ? –JW
-----
Est-ce vraiment utile qu'il y ait tant de goûts différents pour toutes ces choses ? –SH
Qu'est-ce que c'est sensé vouloir dire ? –JW
Tu t'es évanoui, n'est-ce pas ? –JW
Le 'kidnapper' ? –JW
Non, pas du tout. Ils mangent sans arrêt les mêmes choses encore et encore. –SH
J'en doute. –SH
La même chose que quoi ? –JW
Si. C'est ce que ça veut dire en fait. –JW
Nous aurons à inspecter son domicile. –SH
Une liaison peut-être ? –JW
Non. J'ai pensé que tu étais assez intelligent pour être d'accord avec moi. –SH
Je ne t'ai jamais vu soûl. –SH
Avec toi. –SH
Tu rentres ? –SH
Elle n'attend même pas la fin du dîner. –JW
Pourquoi non ? –SH
Je ne sors pas avec des hommes, Sherlock. –JW
Ça fait un moment. Ça doit te manquer. –SH
D'ailleurs, tu ne savais même pas que j'étais la durant plus de la moitié du morceau. Pour qui est-ce que tu passes ta vie à mentir ? –JW
Évidemment. –SH
Tu as besoin de patchs ? –JW
Les enfants sont trop bruyants. –SH
Tu devrais être arrivé à Paris maintenant. –JW
D'accord. Fais vite. –JW
Je sais. Je ne pensais pas que tu en ferais un double-sens. –SH
Rien. –JW
Cette affaire était clairement une ruse pour m'éloigner de Londres. –SH
Bien sûr que non. Mais je ne peux encore rien prouver pour le reste. –SH
Toujours. –SH
Je veux juste que tu ailles bien. –JW
Molly ? –SH
Très bien. Donc m'insulter rend les courses plus amusantes ? –JW
Pas besoin. Nous partons secourir Herman Mason. –SH
Je m'ennuie. –SH
Du sang dans le lait, Sherlock. Je ne suis pas d'accord. –JW
Dis-moi lorsque tu es sur le chemin du retour, et je commanderais. –SH
Merci. :-) –JW
Oui. –SH
-----
Pas que tu aies besoin de moi. J'ai l'impression que tu as tout ce qu'il te faut. Mais ça aurait juste été plus intéressant. –JW
Ok. C'est juste, pour la plupart du temps. –JW
Sorti. – SH
Bien que je continue de penser que tu t'es montré ridicule. –SH
Sérieux ? –JW
Tant mieux. Je ne pourrais pas être pire à cela que je ne l'ai été en écrivant. –SH
Tu n'es pas obligé de les regarder avec moi. –JW
Tu en as envie ? –JW
Pas que nous soyons mariés, évidemment. –JW
Je m'ennuie. Ramène des patchs. –SH
Ce n'est pas toi le détective consultant. –SH
On en reparlera demain. –JW
Donc les personnes les plus proches de toi en doutent ? Ça devrait te prouver quelque chose. –JW
Cet homme était en train de flirter avec toi. –SH
Pourquoi tu m'as embrassé ? –SH
Évidemment. :-D –JW
J'imagine qu'ils doivent garder ça secret. Ça a l'air compliqué. –JW
Le sarcasme ne te va pas. –SH
Il pourrait se faire poursuivre. Il baigne dans des affaires sales. –SH
Elle va te contrarier. Je ne peux rien y faire si tu es loin. –SH
Le plus important est que nous restions amis. –JW
Je veux te toucher. –SH
Je pense avoir trouvé quelque chose. Des reçus. –SH
Oh ? Qu'est-ce que c'est ? –JW
Tu veux dire que tu n'as pas secrètement catalogué tous mes choix alimentaires ? –JW
Il m'a glissé son numéro en me serrant la main. –JW
Je dois quand même te retrouver là-bas ? –JW
Je ne veux pas savoir comment tu as su ça. D'accord ? Je ne veux pas le savoir, jamais. –JW
Non, John. Je te mens car je ne pense pas que tu le remarquerais si je revenais sans lait. –SH
Je pense que l'homme assis quatre places devant moi cache quelque chose. –SH
C'était une idée stupide. –JW
Je t'en prie, sois sain et sauf. –JW
Donc ces types l'ont kidnappé ? –JW
Oh… Seigneur, oui. –JW
Pourquoi tu y es allé ? –SH
C'est un match nul, au mieux. –SH
Peut-être pour moi-même. –SH
Tu le penses ? –JW
J'en apporterai. –JW
Je pense beaucoup trop à toi. –SH
Bien sûr, tu es important. –JW
Il n'y a qu'une exception. Et nous n'allons pas en parler, tu te souviens ? –JW
Cela implique que tu as écrit quelque chose qui ne doit pas être lu ? –SH
Si, Mycroft. Il y a longtemps. –SH
Ne fais rien de stupide. –JW
Mycroft m'a conduit au travail ce matin. –JW
C'est pour ça que tu l'as frappé ? –JW
Moriarty m'a appelé comme ça, lui aussi. –JW
Parce que Molly m'a envoyé un message à propos d'un corps. Au sujet d'un tatouage manquant. –SH
Oh. –JW
Que tu étais en pleine transition. –JW
C'est comme si tu avouais être attiré par moi, mais que c'est une mauvaise chose. –JW
Ça me fait des trous dans le cerveau. –SH
Elle est ennuyeuse. –SH
Il a peur, également. Beaucoup trop pour que ça ne soit qu'une liaison. –SH
Ce n'est pas ma faute si tu l'as manquée. Tu es celui qui a décidé de sortir. –SH
Pas ça. Je veux dire que tu as l'esprit occupé, et que tu essayes de faire la part des choses. –JW
Je n'ai pas besoin de ton inquiétude. –SH
Il n'est pas question d'encouragements, Sherlock. Elle sait que ça ne mènera jamais nulle part. Ce n'est pas le problème. –JW
Oui. Ils ont définitivement du potentiel. –SH
Mais il y a énormément de personnes et tout le monde n'aime pas les mêmes choses. –JW
Vraiment ? Je n'en ai pas entendu parler. –SH
Non, jamais. Mais parfois l'ennui c'est agréable, alors je suis venu ici. –JW
Chinois ? –SH
-----
-----
avec toutes les parties de ton corps qui s'accumulent ! –SH
Quand est-ce que tu rentres ? –SH
Je n'ai pas envie de devoir revenir en trombe parce que tu t'es cassé les doigts. –JW
Je suis détective consultant. On me consulte. –SH
Tu ne le feras pas. –SH
Tu portes un masque juste pour te faire plaisir ? –JW
Carbonisé. Je m'ennuie. Ramène des patchs. –SH
Déjà fait. Ce n'est pas la même chose. –SH
Je t'interdis de plaisanter. –JW
J'avais envie d'écrire quelque chose de différent. –JW
Ce soir ? –JW
Affaire résolue. –SH
Ça pourrait te permettre d'avoir un autre point de vue. T'aider à mettre les choses au clair. –JW
Rejoins-moi chez Angelo. –SH
Je suis presque arrivé de toute façon. –JW
Resoudre des affaires et te reveiller en jouan du violon. –SH
Trouve quelque chose pour t'occuper. Il y a un foie dans le frigo. –JW
Comment peux-tu en être sûr ? –SH
Possible, mais peu probable. –SH
Qu'est-ce que tu as fait ? –JW
Oui. –SH
Angelo ne livre pas. –JW
-----
Ce n'est pas une chose à laquelle j'ai besoin de penser. –JW
Herman Mason n'a pas été enlevé par sa famille. –SH
Non. Ne dis pas de bêtises. –SH
Tu t'ennuies toujours ? –JW
Je pense que l'adolescente devant laquelle je viens de passer prévoit d'assassiner ses parents. –SH
Alors pourquoi tu continues à me répondre ? –JW
Parce que je ne veux pas. Tu as été honnête. Je veux tout garder. –JW
Sherlock ! Repose-le ! –JW
Tu veux que déménage ? –JW
Je m'ennuie vraiment beaucoup. –SH
-----
Fait tomber une poney sur Mike. Hee. –JW
Tu n'as qu'à rentrer à la maison. –SH
Je le jure, John. Je suis clean. –SH
Je lui ai dit que tu étais en route. –SH
Tu rentres à la maison alors ? –JW
Tu es menotté ? –JW
Il n'était plus bon de toute façon. –SH
Je ne 'boude' pas. –SH
Puis le Scotch m'a ôté toutes saveurs. –SH
Est-ce que je dois boire également ? –JW
Moi non plus. –SH
Tu aurais pu me prévenir. Je viens tout juste de sortir de la douche et je ne t'ai vu nulle part. –JW
Sherlock ? –JW
Ça ne m'en dit pas plus. –SH
Non-sens. –SH
Parce que tu ne l'as jamais voulu, non ? –JW
Alors pourquoi tu t'es enfui ? –JW
T'embrasser. Te sentir. –SH
Mais j'ai réalisé que ce n'est pas considérable. –SH
Qu'est-ce que tu fais ? –JW
Je ne le suis pas. Je suis clean. Et je ne vends absolument rien. –SH
Je m'inquiète juste pour toi. –JW
J'ai mangé hier. –SH
Oh. Dois-je arrêter de t'embêter ? –JW
Exactement. –SH
Pas une tâche fracile. –JW
Tu l'as fait fuir. C'est une victoire. –JW
Donc tu l'as remarqué ? –SH
Tu sembles oublier les caméras de Mycroft. –SH
Enfin. La conversation. –SH
Bien. –JW
Parmi d'autres choses beaucoup plus intéressantes. –JW
Non, je ne me 'fourrerai pas dans les ennuis'. –SH
Je dois juste faire escale à St Bart's. –SH
Il me faut encore quelques minutes. –SH
C'est la conférence la plus mal organisée à laquelle j'ai assisté. –JW
Oui. Je sais. –JW
Tu étais complètement ailleurs. J'aurais pu faire un autre trou dans le mur que tu ne l'aurais même pas remarqué. –JW
Merde. Kelly me crie dessus. –JW
Il est déjà trop tard. Si demain tu rencontres une 'gentille femme' et te maries avec elle, ça serait déjà horrible. –SH
Ouais, mais il dit qu'à chaque fois que je vais quelque part, je finis par discuter avec toi. –JW
Sûr. –SH
Non. Je n'avais pas. –SH
Sherlock, j'ai déjà du mal à te vouloir hors de mon champ de vision. –JW
Pourquoi se serait des 'conneries' ? –SH
Oh. Je veux ça aussi. Énormément. –JW
Ok. –JW
Tu devrais t'améliorer dans tes mots de passe. –SH
Je n'ai pas pour habitude de me faire poursuivre par la police. –JW
“Thought so. Ok, now we have a time frame...” But he's unable to continue his explanation, because the door to his office is thrown open. A visibly agitated Mycroft Holmes strides into the small room,his presence taking up nearly all the space. He's panting hard as if he'd hurried to get here – which is unheard of – but doesn't take his time to catch his breath. Instead, he huffs: “John, you said my brother is at St. Bart's hospital?”
John continues to play with Sherlock and his toys. They spend an amicable afternoon on the sofa. Afterwards, Sherlock is due for his first punishment.
Sherlock looks neither male nor female, just like an otherworldly beauty defying gender.
“Hey, Sherlock, wake up. Sherlock!”
“You filthy bugger.” Sherlock can hear John getting up, removing his soiled trousers. He closes his eyes in anticipation of his punishment.
The spoon is fiendish, though. It's large, long and kind of rough, even when thickly coated with lube. John takes his time, patiently pushing, waiting and pulling until even this object slides easily in and out of Sherlock's pisshole. Sherlock can feel the wooden handle move deep inside him, even brushing his prostate, and his whole body arches and spasms, going rigid at the incredible feeling. He would have yelled if not for the stiff rubber cock down his throat. As it is, he can only pant hard, exhaling hot gushes of breath through his flared nostrils.
He gives another determined nod and surrenders himself body and soul to John’s very capable hands. Elaborating on further details of his plan can wait a few hours. Despite, he might even be able to focus more intently after an excessive session. Nothing clears his mind as effective as pain, he has discovered over the last few weeks.
Sherlock has difficulty breathing but doesn't care. All he wants is John's taste on his tongue as he licks deep inside his hole. This is so unbelievable good. He loves it. John is panting, giving Sherlock directions: “That's it. Push in. Deeper. Come on, you can go deeper. Now lick. Suck!” Sherlock grunts, slobbers and moans, happy to be allowed to service John in this especially lewd way.
He drools but tries to relax to swallow even more. Thick beads of spit cling to John's cock when he pulls out, only to push back in regardless of Sherlock's coughing; until Sherlock almost chokes. God, the sounds he makes, a low, desperate keen of pleasure that vibrates through John's body. John stays fully seated for long moments to enjoy the feeling of absolute control, relishing the wet, hot heat, even pinching Sherlock's nose so he has no choice but to open wide. When Sherlock does, John makes him suck in his balls as well until Sherlock's mouth is stuffed with cock. Sherlock almost suffocates while trying to swallow all of it, cock and balls, making undignified slurping noises. John pushes in deeper and deeper until he eventually pulls out and comes all over Sherlock's face; he doesn't clean him up but just lets him lie there on the bed, come drying on his face.
Sherlock just shakes his head. Why would he have lube? He rarely even masturbates.
Meanwhile, John leans up and over, clambering onto Sherlock's trembling body, straddling his waist. It only takes a few fast strokes and he shoots his load onto Sherlock's heaving chest, still partly covered with the soiled white t-shirt. It's a lot. Sherlock can feel the hot come soak the already damp fabric before seeping into his burning, prickling skin. He lies there, gasping, crying, while John wrings yet another spurt and another from his fat, twitching cock.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock replies, trying to keep his voice low and subdued.
John can now bend Sherlock over anytime, anywhere and just push inside him. Not just with his cock, but with his hands as well. Once he even uses his foot.
John lights one of the white candles, takes it in his hand and squats down next to Sherlock. “Sit back.” He says, and Sherlock hurries to scramble back and sit upon his arse. “Spread your legs.” Sherlock complies, his cock jutting proudly upwards, red and swollen.
John grabs his phone. “3:15 am.” He groans and lies back down, throwing an arm over his eyes before remembering that this is absolutely unnecessary in this absolute blackout.
----------
“You'll clean that up. I'll take a shower. Then we'll talk about your training. You've been difficult up until this last few moments. I think you'll need some strict discipline to learn how to behave. It will be my pleasure as well as my privilege to see to that.”
“Wait here.” He orders and leaves. Sherlock stares at his reflection again, suddenly realising how much he has changed. But he doesn't opt out. He knows that something horrible is about to happen, and yet he stays. If he runs now, he can never come back to this. Sherlock's not sure if he'll be able to handle John's punishment, but he knows for certain that he couldn't live without this anymore. So he'll take whatever John has in store for him. He's earned whatever John's about to do to him, for he has disobeyed him. He'll accept his penalty, come what may.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock whispers, shame colouring his face.
The story turns rather dark as Sherlock is taken hostage by Moriarty and subjected to his twisted fantasies.
“Don't you want to change into something... more... you know...?”
John remembers how strange Sherlock's eyes had looked at Leinster Gardens. Back then, he'd attributed it to the low light and Sherlock’s agitation.
It feels... intense. Sherlock is kneeling in front of the coffee table, belly and chest pressed against the firm surface, his straining cock trapped between table top and his quivering abdomen.
After three days, however, John has enough. When Sherlock emerges from the bedroom, hair mussed, still wearing the same clothes he's slept in over the past few days, John blocks his way.
The attic is only dimly lit with low lamps. One wall, Sherlock sees now, is covered in a huge mirror. He can watch himself, lying on the floor, emaciated, wrapped in barbed wire, an uneven seam criss-crossing over his mouth, sealing his lips. He looks a true Man of Sorrows. Streaks of red blood decorate his pale skin and still, his eyes burn dark with desire. His whole body is on fire. He feels so very much alive right now.
John smiles, but it doesn't reach his eyes. “Come over here, slut.”
“All in good time.” John answers before giving Sherlock a quick but dirty kiss.
Sherlock's fist closes around his leaking shaft. He only has to tug a few times before he spurts all over his fingers, moaning lewdly into the pillow.
John grabs Sherlock's hair to steady himself and Sherlock's head swings forward, taking a big gulp of air while at the same time trying to suck John's cock into his mouth and clean him up. John has to tug a little harder than intended to keep Sherlock's greedy tongue at bay.
Kate starts to bob her head slowly up and down, taking John deep, saliva threading from her lips. Her eyes are open and wander between John and Sherlock.
After a few minutes, however, they stop in front of another metal door, not rusty or derelict, but painted a shiny crimson. A bouncer, dressed all in black with a thick neck and an earpiece, stands guard but after a brief once-over nods at John and Sherlock as if they've passed a silent assessment.
“As I said, some special friends.” Mycroft sits down behind the writing desk, placing his folded hands on the table top.
“Italy.” He replies. “Florence.” His voice takes on a dreamy tone.
After letting the voice of his parents wash over him for another ten minutes, Mycroft bids his farewell on urgent government business. He's made it a habit to come up here every Sunday since his brother's demise, but is now contemplating cutting those visits to once every fortnight. It's getting tedious.
“I'd really like to fuck you.” John strokes Sherlock's sweaty hair from his grubby forehead, staring down at him. Spit, tears and come have agglutinated into an obscene patina on those unusually beautiful features.
But Sherlock doesn't want to be freed. He wants to be kept like this – a faceless thing, tied up, sensory deprived, suspended, intubated, with a buzzing sex toy up his rectum - for the whole night. He wants this to be the first thing John and Mycroft see in the morning.
“Later, then.” Mycroft decides.
“Beautiful.” Mycroft says, his voice full of warmth and admiration, flicking the base of the toy one last time before giving Sherlock's balls a firm squeeze.
Suddenly, Sherlock is sure that he wants and needs this – not only servicing John, being his whore to use as he pleases, but getting hurt by him as well, exploring their limits.
They make him stand below a strong wooden beam and tie his hands in black hemp rope. The rope is thrown over the beam twice and then tied to a hook somewhere behind Sherlock. His body is pulled taut and upright as his hands are raised high above his head. He can't move much or his feet loose contact with the floor.
The large gates open, revealing a rising slope behind it. The gravel crunches under their feet as they walk up to the square white house with the terracotta roof and large black window frames. The shutters are open; light and music streams onto the lawn and laurel bushes.
He plays with the top button of John's shirt, his long index finger circling the small nub.
“What do you mean, Mr Sacker?” The inspector turns in John’s direction. Her eyes seem to bore into him, making him squirm a little in his seat. She reminds him of his old head-mistress – not in a pleasant way.
“Your call history shows me that some of the more adventurous images were also send to your brother. Ah, all those old English families have an inkling to inbreeding, I've been told. Quite unhealthy, don't you think, Sherlock? Only, with you and your brother, at least there's not the risk of degenerate offspring. Small mercies.”
Is he? He's not sure. He feels... nothing, really. The intense experience of being tied up, helpless, blind, silenced and objectified has left him dazed. He's not yet fully returned back into his body, this body. He seems stuck somewhere in between. He can't explain, but he feels adrift, detached – and not in a good way.
Until he'd vanished. That had been the moment Mycroft's suspicions had been truly raised for the first time. Now he knew something was fishy.
The words washed over Sherlock, lulled him in, carried him, lifted him up.
Sherlock tries, and John pushes in even deeper, until he can feel the muscles of Sherlock's throat contracting around his cockhead. He stays like this until Sherlock's breathing has evened out, and then slowly starts to fuck Sherlock's mouth. First it's just shallow thrusts, but they get deeper and faster until Sherlock is drooling and gagging, making desperate keening noises in the back of his throat while John's hands fist Sherlock's curls to hold him in place.
John and Mycroft smile at their debauched fuckboy dry-humping the soiled sheets, his body writhing, his back arched, getting almost mad with need.
“Go away!” He whispers. “You're dead. You're fucking dead. You blew your brains out in front of me, so kindly piss off, will you?” John raises his voice at the end of the sentence, hating how absolutely broken he sounds. People on the other side of the pavement turn their heads.
Sherlock's fingers softly squeeze back as a blush tints his cheeks an adorably shade of pink, matching his still polished nails.
“Did you clean yourself out before plugging your tight little arse?”
As they enter the house, they can hear voices from the sitting room. John drops their shopping bags in the hallway and turns to face Sherlock, who gives him a brief nod. John takes a deep breath, opens the living room door and walks right in, Sherlock trailing behind.
“Useful? How can shooting up be useful?” John shouts, throwing his hands up while glaring down at Sherlock, who's lounging nonchalantly on their bed.
“I think you should share that, Kate. Come on, don't be so selfish. Swap it.”
“I have some shopping to do. Take a cab over to NYS and apologies to Greg. Thoroughly. Afterwards, you come back home and I'll dress you up like the slut you are.”
He stays with Sherlock until he falls asleep about ten minutes later, stroking his hair, mumbling praise and assurance into his skin. The last thing he hears is that John calls him beautiful, gorgeous, amazing. Sherlock desperately wants to believe it.
“Sherlock, get us some drinks.” Mycroft tells him in a low, seductive voice, bringing Sherlock back to the tasks at hand. As he slowly gets to his feet and strolls past Mycroft, his brother reaches out a hand and strokes over his iliac crest, just avoiding Sherlock's straining cock, before pinching his bum and sending him on his way. Over at the far wall stands a well-stocked trolley, and Sherlock mixes two Whisky soda, highly aware that John and Mycroft watch him hungrily. He returns to the small table and puts the drinks down, eyes on the floor all the time, before sinking back down onto his knees to resume his earlier routine of passing snacks around.
John sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose. He could murder for a cup of tea.
“Do it.” Sherlock pants around the fingers he's still sucking, saliva dripping down his chin.
“Stop. Whining! Or I'll have John gag you.” He hisses, shoving yet another ridge up Sherlock's arse.
Lestrade steps up to the bed on which Sherlock lies, tied down, with a speculum up his arse, spreading him open, dried come on his face and in his hair, sucking on a butt plug.
Sherlock stares down at his crotch, unsure if he can manage this, but John wants it, so he'll try. The large metal rod glides up his cock again and again, causing a bizarre friction mixed with slight pain, and the sheer idea of what they are doing, combined with John's open admiration and obvious delight, is suddenly enough to drive Sherlock over the edge. He can fell his balls tighten – and now this does really hurt a lot – and while he's still grunting in pain, hot, white come wells up his slit, past the stainless steel, coating the grip of the screwdriver and John's fingers in thick, white goo. Sherlock bucks up, fucking into the feeling, the clothes pins on his abdomen and thighs sharply biting down as his muscles tense during his orgasm. His whole body shudders, and he has trouble to stay upright.
Il y a une heure. Je t'ai dit que j'allais boire un verre avec Mike. –JW
Next, Sherlock starts to bob up and down on John's shaft, fucking himself. Now the fat cock brushes over his sweet spot with every slide, and it's maddening. There's already a pool of precome forming on John's belly, dripping from Sherlock's silver sheathed cock, his hot flesh straining against its metal cage.
“Thank you.” Sherlock says softly, before stepping close and brushing his lips against John's while closing his eyes. He just stands there and time freezes while John cherishes the utter intimacy of the moment, their quiet understanding.
“Hurt, doesn't it? Are you sure you prefer it like this?” John enquires, holding Sherlock firmly down.
John slowly turns Sherlock around to face him. “Let's go home, ok?”
“Yes.” Sherlock reassures him. It's too dark for him to see John's expression, but he thinks he smirks.
To Sherlock's relieve, John takes the small key from his pocket and starts to unlock the bolts and metal ribbons trapping his penis. As he carefully starts to remove the stainless steel parts, Sherlock gasps in shock. His cock has been locked away for so long that every light brush of fingertips almost hurts. He's too sensitive; his nerves are on fire; blood shoots into his testicles, making them heavy, tingling with uncontrollable want. Sherlock has to bite down onto his lower lip to stifle a moan. John watches, enthralled, before cupping his balls and stroking him once, twice, until Sherlock throws his head back and whimpers in both agony and pleasure.
“Oh, god!” Sherlock groans, curling up onto the mattress. His bones feel as if made of jelly. His prostate has already been rubbed raw, but is now stimulated even further. He immediately starts leaking again, clear fluid dripping from the slit of the silver cock cage. It's like being milked dry.
“Well, then, turn around, kneel before the bed, place your chest face-down onto the mattress and hold yourself open.”
It doesn't take long for Sherlock to empty himself. Just to be sure, one of the servants squeezes a gloved finger into his sore hole and pokes his insides. Apparently satisfied with the result, he nods to his colleague, who quickly hoses Sherlock down with a water clyster and a flannel.
“Of course, you do.” John smiles.
“Do you know who she is?” Sherlock walks over to the young girl, kneels before her, looking right up her spread thighs. Sally has to avert her eyes.
“Let me slick you up.” John mumbles, fetching the lube from the bedside cabinet. Sherlock can do nothing but watch as John pushes the tip of his index finger inside Mark's hole, carefully circling a little before sliding in deeper. The man above him groans and leans forward to improve the angle of penetration.
In an effort to appease the cornered man, John raises both his hands while he tries to stay out of Moriarty's reach, slowly encircling the armed man, positioning himself between Moriarty and the door. Mycroft and his SWAT team must be here any minute now. All John can do until they arrive is to derail Moriarty, to divert his attention away from Sherlock while preventing his escape from this room.
As if to emphasize this point, John grabs Kate's hips more firmly. She gives a crude moan as John plunges deep into her and throws her head back, eyes closed, mouth open. Her long red hair cascades enticingly down her back.
Sherlock is not sure if he's afraid to be discovered or yearns for it.
“You are free to leave any time, John. Though, I think Sherlock might find your presence... reassuring?”
The sound is deafening in the narrow, high passage. John's ears ring. Time slows down to molasses. Sherlock falls to the ground as if his strings had been cut, the back of his head hitting the concrete with a dull thud. Magnussen moves behind John's back, retches, then stumbles past him and outside, his phone pressed to his ear. John stands frozen, shell-shocked.
John ties the end of the leash to one leg of the desk. Sherlock has to kneel next to it as John sits down in a chair. He's palming himself through his jeans. Sherlock licks his lips as his eyes are glued to John's groin.
When John returns to the kitchen in a bath robe, the spider gag is dangling from his hand.
Mycroft's finger only flutter over Sherlock's skin, yet his pulse speeds up visibly, hammering in his throat. For a few seconds, Mycroft's lips hover just and inch away from Sherlock's impossible mouth, pink and promising, until he finally leans in and closes the last bit of distance.
He knew what would await him. Yet the sensory onslaught almost overwhelms John. The air is thick with musk (both human and animal), sour sweat and the characteristic stench of blood, piss and hard booze. All the while, Sherlock is making... noises. Desperate grunts; high pitched keens, bordering on hysterical. His unfocused eyes dart around the room, seeking rescue. He sounds raw, animalistic, not human anymore.
“You are insatiable. I've let you come three times today and still it's not enough for you. I think we should accept the invitation after all.”
“Shh, don't cry, Sherlock. I don't want to see you cry. You should enjoy this. Come on, smile. Think of John, that might help.” Moriarty touches his tongue to Sherlock's temple, licks down over his cheek and chin, tasting his tears.
“Apropos, would you like Doctor Watson to give you a hand?” Mycroft asks in a low voice and Sherlock slowly raises his head. Their pale eyes lock in the mirror before Sherlock's gaze darts back to John, who watches them impassively.
As you can see, this fic will run for two more chapters. Don't worry, though, we all know that Sherlock Holmes is the man who never dies...
At first, it's not just the pain. It's the humiliation. The helplessness. Being stuffed like a porker. Reduced to a shaking mess, possessed by his base bodily functions. Exposed, his suffering recorded on film, watched by other people. Do they find him disgusting? Repugnant? Or do they take delight in his anguish, his embarrassment?
It strictly allows no access whatsoever to his private parts. It's maddening.
Sherlock is blushing furiously but obeys. He gets up, takes the bottle and positions his cock over the  bottle-neck.
“Hands behind your head.” John orders quietly, and Sherlock raises his arms and folds his hands at his nape. The clothes pins John has put on the soft skin of his upper and lower arms rattle with the movement. As the skin beneath them tightens, Sherlock groans in delicious anguish. John's finger flick the pins playfully, and Sherlock's breath catches as he moans in response.
As if Sherlock can read his thoughts – and perhaps he can – he sits up a little, wincing. “No. Please, no…” Sherlock is whispering, like a mantra. “Don’t stop. Don’t stop.”
“I estimate Molly might have five minutes left. If you don't ejaculate by then, she'll either suffocate or freeze to death.” Moriarty has put the phone down and is now standing next to Sherlock, pulling his head up again by his curls, his fingers tracing the tears staining Sherlock's face.
After two weeks, he's unable to clench his sphincter any longer. John just feeds him astronaut's food and protein shakes – nothing solid any longer – for they are both not into scat or nappy play. Sherlock has to wear a plug all the time except for when John allows him to evacuate. The toys have become so large that Sherlock can hardly move with them inside himself. He either lies in bed or sits on a hard wooden chair, ready to be used, waiting to be wrapped in his bag.
“Just with your mouth. Hands on your back.” John orders.
Sherlock's smile is pained and a little forced.
“Ah, but we are not done yet, Sherlock. First I want to get you off.”
“I know you don't want to think about him right now.” John says. “I'll help you forget. Remember, it worked with Moriarty as well.”
Sherlock's orgasm hits him like a punch to the gut. His legs wobble, his back rounds and arches, and then Sherlock shoots thread after thread of thick white stripes all over the carpet. John's right hand presses against his chest again, to keep him upright; deep inside him, John can feel his muscles contract as Sherlock screams his name in total bliss. It's a sight to behold.
“I want to see you gag for it.” John had whispered and Sherlock had willingly parted his lips to let John deepthroat him with the longer part of the dildo. And Sherlock had gagged. And spluttered. And coughed. And had begged for more, his lips closing around the black rubber, suckling the head, swallowing it all down while John had played with his nipples until he was half-hard again. Only then had John fastened a cockring around Sherlock's root and balls before he'd dressed him up in flimsy white knickers that barely covered his groin, his balls and shiny cockhead peaking out.
He doesn't want to do this.
Later in the evening they order Chinese. John eats at the desk in front of his laptop, with Sherlock opposite him, checking his phone.
He keeps standing next to the bed as Sherlock slides forward, greedily opening his enticing mouth while lying on his back. His head dangles off the side of the mattress until John grabs a fistful of curls and positions him the way he wants.
First, they have a light breakfast. Afterwards, in the bathroom, Sherlock's body hair is thoroughly removed. John gives him an enema, before Sherlock furiously scrubs himself clean in the shower. He dresses meticulously in his tight purple shirt and a slim black suit.
Until Mycroft gets up and circles the rack, pulling Sherlock's head up by his damp hair. Upon encountering his brother's dazed expression Mycroft knows that he's finally got Sherlock exactly where he wanted him.
John's and Sherlock's entrance has turned some heads and the circle is opening. Lost in his memories, Sherlock is kind of magnetically drawn towards the young guy on the floor and steps willingly into the ring as John gives the small of his back a little approving shove.
He swipes her card through the reader and the doors swing open. Behind them lies a corridor lined with windowless doors on either sides.
“Let me… so lovely, Sherlock, gorgeous. You are amazing. Good, look at you. You held on for so long until you finally passed out. I literally saw your eyes roll back.” He whispers, pressing open mouthed kisses down the side of Sherlock’s aching neck.
“Okay, get up.” John steadies Sherlock by taking his elbow while turning him around. The bathroom is small, so they have to stand close. They can feel each other's body heat. John grins back at Sherlock, but there's a dark edge to it, possessive and predatory, when he pulls Sherlock down and brushes their lips together, his tongue darting out to gently caress Sherlock's full lower lip.
Sherlock's breathing is ragged as he hears John sprint up the stairs to his room. It surely takes only a few minutes for John to return but it feels like ages to Sherlock. Somehow time has slowed significantly down and is stretching like sweet hot molasses.
He wakes up the next morning, still wedged between two bodies. John is quietly snoring, but Mycroft seems to be already awake. His left hand plays with Sherlock's left nipple as his prominent erection pokes Sherlock in the back of his thigh. He still feels somewhat sore, but doubts that his discomfort will impress his brother.
Because he's been a good boy, John feeds Sherlock some oranges and apple slices afterwards and even allows him to drink some water. But Sherlock misses the salty taste of piss, though, and keeps kneeling onto the floor until John has finally mercy and gives him his daily dose of urine, very pleased to watch Sherlock gulp down a whole pint of steaming hot piss.
“Seriously, John? Relationship talk, now. After all we've been through?”
Sherlock shudders, retches.
Sherlock's pupils dilate. He likes this idea very much.
“Right. Then I suggest you use him as such. Piss all over him, then make him get dressed and go home. He has to keep his shirt on all the way, of course, but no one will see him dripping with your piss under that great coat he chooses to wear all the time. Still, he will feel you all the way, your scent clinging to his skin.”
“Kiss.” John tells them, and Mark lowers his face, eagerly pressing his come-covered lips to Sherlock's, pushing his tongue deep inside him. It's messy. Sherlock can taste John and sighs, opening wide.
And Sherlock does, gyrating his hips, brushing his soft cock against the dead man's limp groin.
“Ah, but you are a very talented lock pick, at least so I’ve been told.” John smiles. “Or do you want me to release you?”
“How would you know?” John had asked. “Have you tried?”
When he’s unwrapped, John helps him sit up, massaging his arms, legs and back. Sherlock’s hard cock juts out in front of him, leaking and almost purple with arousal, his balls already tight against his body. It’s so sensitive that every move hurts yet the cock ring prevents him from ejaculating. Adding to his agony, the plug up his arse makes sitting rather uncomfortable. It's so big that it causes Sherlock's abdominal muscles to cramp. He feels literally stuffed.
“Well, I have to say, up until now he seems very well behaved. Shall we see how he gets on with the maid?”
“You might want to start with a paddle. Firm strokes, not too painful, no instant damage to the skin. The affected area might bruise later, though. After that, it depends if you prefer the riding crop or the cane. The cane requires some experience as it can do severe damage, but as you are a medical professional I'm sure you can handle it. Very painful when it breaks the skin. The thinner the cane, the more it hurts. You can also wet it to do even more harm. Be careful where you use it. It might actually cut through tendons. The resulting welts, however, look stunning. Like a work of art if applied correctly.”
It doesn't take long. A few moments later, John tenses and his stomach muscles ripple before thick streaks of come shoot from his cock, hitting the strawberry-yoghurt mix in the bowl, adding a filthy coating. They both stare onto the mess; Sherlock licks his lips.
The dog perched over him stands very still, only its rear legs trembling slightly.
“I’d rather not.” Sherlock mumbles before closing his eyes.
Greg does. A few seconds later, they can hear rustling of fabric through the speakers, and then the wet glide of skin over moist flesh.
John Watson had to vanish for Ormond Sacker to take the stage. Knowing about Sherlock’s brother what he did, it was obvious to John that they would have to be very clever to fool Mycroft. Therefore, he took to his task with seriousness as well as military precision. After leaving Sherlock in Amsterdam, he spent two weeks establishing his new persona, travelling by train and plane to various European cities. In Zurich, he opened a bank account. In Lisbon, he rented a cheap flat near Martim Moniz. In Rome, he bought a smart phone and several SIM cards. In Prague, he acquired a laptop.
That night Sherlock looks up some of the websites John has been browsing. He expects the usual amount of slightly disturbing kinky stuff but it's all rather low key and stylish, with some quite aesthetic but very harmless pictures of artfully tied up bodies. Most sites offer private sessions to cater for the specific tastes of the customers. The services provided sound almost businesslike (medical, corporal punishment, sensation play). Honestly, it doesn't do much for Sherlock. For the first time he thinks John might be right about him.
It's Mrs Hudson, who must have returned sometime late last night.
“You'll only touch yourself when I tell you to. I thought you'd understood that.” John growls.
It's beautiful. Sherlock is is so tight, his soft, warm flesh hugging John's hand and forearm. Obscene. Hot. John licks his lips, breathes, moves.
“And the tunnel?”
Sherlock's fist blurs on his cock as he pushes up into the slippery, burning tightness. Sweat and tears burn in his eyes. He's holding himself up on one arm and the hand John has stepped on is swollen and hurts but nevertheless, he feel his orgasm approaching. He tries to warn John, tries to ask for permission, but his mouth is full of wet cotton and his head is spinning and this feels so god while John whispers all those dirty things he's been thinking about but never dared to act upon.
“Well, you were certainly game to play with my brother. Maybe you wanted to bring a new participant in? See where that led to?”
“Yes.” John nods. “You should get rid of these.”
John takes Mycroft’s place behind Sherlock, watching enrapt as come oozes out of Sherlock's still twitching hole. Filming Mycroft fuck his little brother had made him so hard it almost hurts. He needs to fuck this arse as well right now.
“Well, I introduced him to Miss Adler. I thought he might like her. As it turns out, it seems to have been mutual attraction. But there's not much harm in that. Saint Clair was a useless waste of space, as a politician and as a human being. What Moriarty did actually saved the public some valuable resources.”
Sherlock's arms and legs are shaking and threatening to give out. John can see that he's had enough. He nudges Sherlock's hip with his elbow, and the pliant, exhausted body sinks down beside him with a content sigh. John pulls him close despite the weak hiss that escapes Sherlock as John's flaccid groin is pressed against his sensitive arse.
John nods. He's not sure what to make of this.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock's voice is rough but the drink has helped him to get his breathing back under control. Yet he keeps kneeling on the floor, his erection bobbing obscenely in front of him, the dark crimson of his cock a stark contrast to his creamy white skin.
But he's soon reminded of his duties. First, he has to clean both John's and Mycroft's cock with his mouth (god, he loves Mycroft’s taste even more as he suckles on his slit). Only afterwards is Sherlock allowed to lie down in the pool of piss and to slurp the rest of it up with his mouth. The nipple clamps bite fiercely into his sensitive flesh as he squirms on the tiles, wet and filthy, covered in piss, while the plug moves deliciously inside him. Suddenly, without warning, he’s about to come; his balls tighten, his cock throbs and pulses.
“What are you?” John asks in a low voice.
“Stop this, Sherlock! Stop this right now. This is not about... For god's sake! You saved my life that night, not only by not blowing us all up... but by staying alive. I wouldn't have bothered anymore if you'd...”, John swallows and can't look at Sherlock as he continues. “This... thing... between us... it's something else. Even when I say that I'm punishing you, it has nothing to do with who you are. It's... it's a game. An intense game. Played by strict rules. But I'm not here to destroy you. I'm here to teach you that there's something else to life, something more. That doesn't mean you are not good enough the way you are. Because you are.”
“I won't be able to shag you as hard as you need it for at least a week. But you have to focus. I can see that you're getting all antsy and jittery with forced abstinence. So we better get this out of your system, for you to concentrate on our imminent problem with your brother.”
Sherlock smiles through a mouthful of come, mixing the ejaculate while experiencing the different flavours of each sample, just swallowing when his whole mouth is full and the goo threatens to spill over.
Only when Sherlock finally sets foot into their living room does he seem able to relax. They have tea and Sherlock plays his violin while John writes up the case. The afternoon ends with John fucking Sherlock over his desk, nice and slow, before they both turn in early.
“In fact, I think you might want to prolong this. Must feel amazing, being filled to the brim.”
“As I said, even Sherlock has the obligation to work for the benefit of the realm. If he doesn't do it as a detective, he still can do it in another capacity. Just think about the potential use of the footage we can obtain from those sessions. We'll have every participant in our pockets.” Mycroft’s eyes shine bright at those future prospects.
“No.” John grins and shakes his head.
Sherlock is woken from his deep sleep by John heartily uttering above expletive. In regard of last night, he's not sure where his dream ends and reality sets in. But fucking is right now the last thing on his mind. He still feels queasy and bone-tired.
“Of course I'm crying. You were dead. And now I'm holding you again. What else am I supposed to do?” He chokes out, grinning, tears running down his face.
John gets up and walks over to the small drinks cabinet. There's even a fridge with cooled drinks and a plate of orange slices and strawberries. John has to hold Sherlock's head up to help him take small sips from the bottle before feeding him the sweet fruit. For once, Sherlock does not protest.
Sherlock's nipple rings shimmer in the candlelight as they step from the changing room. candelabras are everywhere, the fluttering flames of what must be thousands of candles dancing over the painted walls of the house as Sherlock and John ascend the broad staircase to reach the first floor where the ballroom is situated.
“I don't think that's a very good idea.”
Molly walks over to a cabinet and opens a drawer.
“Shh, don't cry, little brother. You'll get used to it. In a few days it will be much easier. Hush now, or you might bring it all up again and we have to start over. It's not going to taste any better.”
Sherlock is so turned on by his brother listening in to his abuse that eagerly starts to push back against the object pressed inside him.
Eventually, the clip ends. By now, John's cock is dark red, engorged and swollen, the balls already pulled tight against his perineum (as far as Sherlock can see, John is still wearing his trousers). It looks delicious.
To his own surprise, Sherlock is utterly calm when the punishment is finally over. His mind is still, wiped clean. There's just the pain, enveloping him. The next breath is all he focuses on.
A tear runs down Sherlock's cheek as John fastens the feeding gag around his head, buckling it up after adjusting the nozzle inside Sherlock's oral cavity. It presses Sherlock's tongue down and reaches almost to the back of his throat.
Well, as it was, he'd nothing better to do anyway, so why not travel across Europe just because an anonymous text message told him to? He'd done stranger things in his life...
“Sweet Jesus, this is a dream come true.” She murmurs as she watches red welts rise on Sherlock's pale skin.
John takes his trapped cock in hand and weighs it. It's heavy, not just because of its metal sheathing. His bollocks are round and full and when John squeezes them a little, Sherlock makes a beautiful needy yet pained sound. He must be aching.
Sherlock blushes all the way down to his chest as he kneels in the tub. John can see the burn mark high on his right arse cheek. He'll have to see to that after the enema and a shower. For now, he has to remove the glass plug first. Despite Sherlock's by now nicely loose sphincter, John still applies some lube onto the nuzzle out of courtesy before pushing it up Sherlock's rectum. When the device sits deep inside Sherlock, John hooks the bag onto a ring of their shower curtain and opens the tab. Warm water starts to flow inside Sherlock's body.
“Smile.” He says, and Sherlock tries as best he can, his reddened eyes looking up at John, trying to convey his gratitude because he's so very good to him despite Sherlock being an insufferable prat.
Ninety minutes after being left alone, Sherlock gives up. He's not even crying anymore. The ache is making him dizzy. His head is pounding. His bowels feel like they are about to explode. He doesn't care. He just wants this to end. Sitting in a pool of his own shit actually sounds like heaven right now. As does the procedure starting all over again, because it would give him a few minutes of rest, of freedom from pain. Sherlock silently begs for something, anything, to end this torture.
Sherlock does. John starts to stroke his full belly with one hand, half caress and half massage.
“Unless what?” Sherlock gazes right back up at him. His eyes are a very light blue, almost translucent. They remind him of the dead stare of a shark.
“I said drink.” John growls.
At thirty, Sherlock’s back is glistening with sweat. His bollocks hang heavy between his slightly parted, shaking legs. A few welts have cracked open, exposing raw flesh. Small rivulets of blood trickle down the back of his legs.
They make Sherlock crawl all the way up to Mycroft’s suite of rooms. For additional discomfort, John had threaded black hemp rope beneath the silver chain attached to the nipple clamps and tightly wound the rope around each of Sherlock's thighs. Therefore, the clamps are pulling at Sherlock's nipples with every move he makes, tugging at the chain as Sherlock scuttles along wood-panelled corridors and up a flight of stairs. Precome dribbles freely from his hard cock, leaving a translucent trail behind.
Both Sherlock's parents are seated at the large wooden table by now, having breakfast. When John and Sherlock enter, the conversations dies. It certainly had been about them, then. The atmosphere in the cosy kitchen suddenly turns icy.
When Sherlock has rubbed some balm onto his fingers and starts to stroke himself John sits back on the couch and watches. Sherlock is squatting on the floor, crying, his face blotchy, his chest heaving, his belly sucked in in pure agony, but he does as he's told despite the pain. The fabric of his pants in his mouth have darkened with spit, tears and perhaps blood.
John suddenly knows that there is nothing he won't do for Sherlock. Shooting that cabbie had just been the beginning.
Eventually, however, he's clean, all come and spit washed off his body, his belly filled to bursting with salty urine. When John tells him to get up, he takes a moment, slithering and rolling around one last time, watching piss run between his spread fingers before getting to his feet. He's still wearing those black high heels, which makes it difficult to stand. Everything is slippery and Sherlock feels almost drunk, so John has to steady him. His skin is clammy, shiny with urine; it's dripping from his hair, his lashes, and his feet inside the shoes are soaked with it. He must smell disgusting. Yet he feels glorious. This is better than getting high. John grins at him.
Sherlock groans. He knows that John means it. But he still has to ask. “John, it... it hurts, please... I need to... I need to come... please?” His voice fades into a destitute whimper.
“Not hungry.” He mutters against John's breastbone.
“Well... it was... you know...” John is stammering but he can’t help it.
“This is not how this works, Sherlock.” John says, reminding Sherlock of the very beginning of their journey towards dominance and submission. “When I punish you in this way, it's for your pleasure as well as mine. It's not... it's not a real penalty. I don't believe in beating people because they did something I perceive as wrong, you know.”
“Well, I had to offer them a replacement. Anthea might be in need of plastic surgery. We'll see when she's returned to me in a few days. If she's returned to me.” Mycroft stares directly at his brother, his eyes hard and cold. “And it'll be all your fault, Sherlock. Because you couldn't handle it. And yours , John, because you acted totally unprofessional.”
Sherlock obeys, slides off the bottle and gets on all four, his arse towards John, pushed up in the air. He can feel how open he is, lube oozing out of his exposed hole. He must look a real slut, his rim red and swollen like he'd been taken by a whole gang of ruthless men.
Sherlock feels lost, abandoned. He can't bear looking at his brother's back any longer. Instead, he faces the window, staring out into the darkness. His reflection shows him that someone has pushed a fist up his rectum. It's soon replaced with an open Vodka bottle. Tears start to run down Sherlock's face, mixing with the blood, sperm and spit already accumulated there. The spirit sloshes inside Sherlock's colon, burning his sore insides. As his bowels adsorb the alcohol, the room starts spinning. His stomach content rises in his throat and floods his mouth. He has to swallow it back down, tasting the sour bile. He closes his eyes and wishes being somewhere else – preferably with John. Then he passes out.
His hips start to roll as he imagines being tossed off by a stranger in his living room. The plug up his arse makes the most delicious movements as it brushes over his prostate. The strip of tape over his mouth – more for aesthetic purposes than functioning as an actual gag – would prevent him from protesting the violation; as the cock ring would prevent him from coming. He envisions his attacker – seducer – getting his own cock out, stroking himself until he comes over Sherlock’s face and shirt, drenching him in thick spurts of come. Sherlock can almost feel it drip off his face and can’t stifle the moan rising in his throat.
Afterwards, Sherlock's arse is gaping even more than usual. He's unable to walk back into the bedroom. John has to carry him in his arms, like he might carry a blushing bride over the threshold. Sherlock has long stopped blushing. His lean, white limbs clutch to John's sturdy frame as if he's the last hold of a drowning man.
Sherlock closes his eyes and drifts, going under; his mind expands, wrapping itself around their problem, tossing and turning it around in his head. As he enters an up until now unknown level of concentration, he opens doors in his mind palace that were previously kept locked. Suddenly, the puzzle pieces fall into place, one after another. A plan is forming in Sherlock's over-stimulated brain. He suddenly knows what they'll have to do. But he'll need some time to figure out the details. He'll start when John is finished with him for tonight. Which he hopes will not be too soon. The feeling of the cloth pins biting his flesh is exquisite, and the long hard needle up his cock is an indescribable sensation, even better than the the catheter. Sherlock sighs behind his gag and smiles a little as darkness falls over London with the promise of another night filled with lust and pain.
“I'm also into wax play, breath play, pain play and torture. I think you'll really appreciate these approaches, as they will help you to focus, to relax and to loose yourself in the sensation. That means I will hurt you, Sherlock. I'm not talking about a few cloth pins to your nipples or a smack on the arse. I'll take you to the edge. Are you able to handle that?”
----------
“What was that? Did you just make an appointment with the man who's currently dragging you through the mud?” John can't quite believe what he just heard.
“It's Ativan. It'll help you sleep and relax.” John explains.
John has saved the most painful part for last. He has to concentrate but eventually succeeds to drip hot wax right into Sherlock's slit, making him growl in shock despite the gag. Sherlock is sobbing by now, his throat raw from silent screams. But when John asks if he wants to use his safe word Sherlock just shakes his head and so John continues his administration. The candle is now only about 2 inches away from Sherlock's skin.
“Get up, turn around, legs apart, hands flat on the table.” Irene orders and Sherlock does as he's told. He takes a deep breath and tries to prepare himself for what's coming.
“You look like a forest spirit.” John tells him, taking a step back. “Like a creature out of a fairytale. Fantastic.”
“Ah, Mr Holmes,” Vladimir claps Mycroft’s back and pulls him into a bear hug, kissing both his cheeks. Upon releasing him he asks: “Where is little brother? You promised! Look, Armur is in heat.” He gestures over to the dog slobbering on the upholstery. John can see its bright red, swollen knot between its muscular rear legs rutting against the cushions.
“I'm the man who will get very angry if you don't take your clothes off. Now!”
“Not right now. He's... a bit preoccupied.” Sherlock's eyes go wide with the lack of air. John removes his cock an inch to allow the man beneath him to breathe.
John thinks. How can Mycroft want to share this precious boy?
“God, he's so sensitive and responsive. I really want to fuck him. Can I fuck him, Doctor Watson?”
John is true to his word. He cuffs Sherlock naked to the radiator in their kitchen (with handcuffs Sherlock has nicked from Lestrade ages ago) before going out to get some Chinese. At least John locks the door; no use Mrs Hudson finding Sherlock in his current state, well fucked, abused and beaten raw.
It just takes John a minute to get the box from the bedroom. He sets it down next to the table so that Sherlock can see its contents.
-----------
They wake up a few hours later, Sherlock curled into John's side. A look at John's phone tells them that it's 7:30 in the morning. John shifts, dragging his left arm out from under Sherlock, and Sherlock quickly sits up, yawns, and tries to smooth down his tousled curls. He looks rather young, still a little bleary and not fully awake yet. John smiles up at him. The ordinariness of the whole scene strikes him as odd. Is that really them, sleepily cuddling like normal boyfriends? Is that what they both want from this arrangement?
Ennuyeuse. –SH
Mais il est impliqué dans des affaires de trafic. Il n'a aucune chance de l'obtenir. –JW
Où es-tu ? –JW
Hmm. Je me demande où j'ai eu cette impression ? –SH
J'ai trouvé ça intéressant. –JW
Oh. Bien sûr. –SH
Est-ce que ça signifie 'j'ai probablement envie que tu m'embrasse une fois encore, mais peut-être que non' en Sherlockien ? –JW
Parce qu'il a les capacités intellectuelles d'un protozoaire particulièrement stupide. –SH
Tu étais triste. Chaque partie de ton être bougeait avec la musique. Comme si ça venait de l'intérieur. –JW
Oh. Bien. –SH
Très bien. Je dois donc passer tout mon temps avec toi. –JW
Il le méritait également. –SH
Un poney ? –SH
Sérieusement ? Ou tu tentes juste de rendre les courses plus intéressantes ? –JW
Sherlock ? –JW
Y a-t-il une chance que cela fasse varier le temps que tu prendras à arriver ? –SH
Tu comptes me harceler toute la nuit ? –JW
Si je suis honnête maintenant, tu le garderas à la place ? –SH
Je ne vois pas les choses comme tout le monde. Personne d'autre ne l'a toléré. –SH
comme je te veux toi. –JW
Dehors. Marcher. –SH
Tu m'as embrassé. –SH
Je ferais mieux de te rejoindre là-bas dans ce cas. –JW
Tu arrives bientôt ? Les menottes m'irritent. –SH
Désolé. C'est juste que je ne sais pas ce que tu veux que je dise. –JW
Je n'étais pas présent lors de la prise de cette décision. –SH
Je suis à la maison. –SH
Écoute, Sherlock, je suis désolé. C'est arrivé comme ça. –JW
Le plusieurs fois. Je pense savoir qui a tué notre victime. –SH
Rien. –SH
Et c'est une question de principes. –JW
Peut-être qu'il est juste parti ? –JW
Je t'occupe. –SH
Chinois et vielles enquêtes. Ce n'est pas mal pour passer la soirée. –JW
Je dois y aller. Elle va s'échapper. –SH
J'ai fait n'importe quoi. –SH
Tu ferais ça ? –JW
Oui. –SH
Quoi qu'il en soit. Comment allons-nous y entrer ? –JW
Alors quoi ? –JW
Peut-être parce que tu as cogné un membre de son équipe. -JW
Et était supposé témoigner demain. –SH
Pourquoi ? –JW
Il aurait été difficile de ne pas le voir. –JW
C'est juste qu'il a d'autres amis et relatifs, et qu'il ne leur envoie pas autant de messages. –JW
Oui. –SH
J'essaye de déterminer combien de soirées passées à regarder de mauvais films il va en découler. –SH
Non. En effet. –JW
Qu'est-ce que je ne vois pas ? –SH
Tout est trop embrouillé. On peut l'effacer ? –SH
Alors pourquoi voudrais-tu que je prenne cette affaire ? –SH
Ce qui n'aide pas pour la paranoïa. –JW
La commotion ? Tes blessures ? –JW
C'est préférable. –SH
Pourquoi tu ne réponds pas à mes messages ? –JW
Pourquoi tu dis ça ? –JW
Peut-être. J'en sais rien. –SH
Ta bouche, tes yeux, tes
J'ai débuté avec ça. –SH
Je suis en plein rencard ! –JW
Ah bon ? –JW
C'est du sarcasme, hein ? Tu es réellement en train d'acheter du lait ? –JW
Pas trop, non. –JW
N'est-ce pas le but de ce voyage de t'éloigner quelques jours ? –JW
Lestrade essaye de prouver quelque chose. –SH
Tu le retrouveras. –JW
Je plaisantais, John. –SH
Très bien. Dois-je me faufiler chez lui ? –JW
Facile. Désolé. –JW
Je vais bien. Quasiment bien. Juste quelques égratignures et une légère commotion cérébrale, je pense. –SH
Évidemment. À quoi est-ce que je pensais. –JW
Parce que tu es brillant, fou et juste toi. –JW
Alors quel type de tatouage manque-t-il sur le corps ? –JW
Je ne comprends pas. –JW
. Je ne peux plus
Achète des patchs. –SH
Si. –SH
Déjà commencé. –SH
Et du fait que tu me veuilles uniquement lorsque tu es soûl ou non. -JW
Je suis assis dans ma chambre d'hôtel souhaitant être avec toi pour aider. –JW
Plusieurs fois, si tu le peux. –JW
Honnêtement. –JW
Probablement avant que tu ne sois à la maison. –SH
Tu n'as pas pris une seule affaire depuis deux semaines. –JW
Quoi d'autre ? –SH
Je suis sur une affaire. –SH
Pas encore, mais il se peut que je n'en aille pas besoin. –SH
'Personne d'autre' n'a jamais vécu avec toi. –JW
Je sais. Rappelle-toi juste de me trainer derrière toi la prochaine fois. D'accord ? –JW
Très bien. Ne prends pas l'affaire. Nous nous débrouillerons nous même. –JW
S'il-te-plait. –SH
Je suis juste motivé pour la nourriture. –JW
Tu interrogeais la barmaid à ce moment-là. –JW
Des fois. Les autres fois je ne suis pas sûr. –SH
Malheureusement. –SH
Où est le marteau ? –SH
Ok. :-) –JW
Tu l'admets ? –JW
John ? –SH
Tu l'aimes ? –SH
Repose-le, Sherlock. –JW
. On appelle ça la vie privée. –JW
Retrouve-moi près des poubelles. –SH
Parce que tu rends modérément ces emplettes moins abrutissantes. –SH
Il avait manifestement un éclair tatoué sur le poignet. Molly pense que les dommages causés au corps ont été intentionnels. –SH
Tu as toujours dit aimer rencontrer de nouvelles personnes. –SH
J'en doute. –SH
Ça t'arrive ? –JW
Chaque portion de toi que je peux avoir, je la prendrais. –JW
Jpeux pas faire ça, JOhn. Peux pas comencer et arrter. Pas avec toi. –SH
Et tu serais moins inquiet si je me trouvais à Paris ? –SH
Et j'aime le tien. –JW
Comment tu te sens ? –JW
Lorsque tu es sur une affaire. –JW
Déjà fait. Je pars ce soir. –SH
Peut-être. –SH
Parce que tu as en quelque sorte oublié de remarquer que je n'étais pas réellement là lors de la discussion. –JW
Ce n'est pas logique. –SH
As-tu juste supprimé mon avis sur la question ? –JW
Comme si je supportais Mycroft et sa manie d'espionner. –SH
Tu l'as échappée belle. –JW
Bien, parce que je reviens demain et que je détesterais arriver juste à temps pour assister à ton mariage. –SH
Celle de l'autre jour ne l'était pas. –JW
Sa famille pourrait le cacher. –SH
Les trains sont ennuyeux. –SH
La chambre est réservée pour deux jours. –SH
Possible. –SH
Il y a quelques semaines plus tôt. Lorsque tu m'as réveillé en jouant du violon. –JW
Pourquoi penses-tu que je vais appeler Harry ? –JW
Il y a une entrée derrière. –SH
Je ne l'ai pas poursuivi. Je suivais les indices. Il m'est tombé dessus. –SH
Bien, parce que ça arrive. –SH
Veux dire ici. Ou là-bas. –JW
'Nuit Sherlock. –JW
Personne d'autre ne fait la différence ? –SH
Oui. Compliquées. –SH
Comment peux-tu sortir avec quelqu'un de si ennuyeux ? –SH
Je te laisse travailler. –JW
Ce n'est pas un rancard. Harry. –JW
Cette femme a appelé en plein milieu d'une expérience, John. –SH
Est-ce que l'on doit en parler ? On ne peut pas juste recommencer ? –SH
Si elle sait que je ne suis pas intéressé, pourquoi elle persiste ? –SH
Où es-tu ? –SH
Je dormais. Sherlock. Il est tard. –JW
Je sais. Anna. –SH
J'aime la confiture de mûre. Le lait entier. Les haricots. Le pain noir. Nous pourrions prendre plus d'œufs également. –JW
Oui, énormément. Ça ne m'empêche pas d'apprécier. –JW
Efface tout de la nuit dernière. –SH
Wow. Excellente participation des échantillons de terre. –JW
Je suis exceptionel. Les exeptions confirme les règle. –SH
Je ne fais pas ce genre de chose, John. Je ne l'ai jamais fait. –SH
Peut-on parler d'autre chose ? –JW
L'affaire de fraude ? Ennuyeux. –SH
Tu sais que je suis attiré par toi, mais tu ne veux rien en faire. –JW
Décidant que je serais mieux avec une gentille femme. –JW
Je suis resté coincé sur l'affaire. Je n'étais pas sûr de ce qu'il se passerait ensuite. –JW
Peur que je sois meilleur que toi ? –JW
Pas les sentiments, John. Juste les messages. Mon langage était atroce. –SH
Oh. Ok. Bon voyage. –JW
Aucun anneau de mariage. Même aucun signe qu'il y en ait eu un. Coupable, mais pas investit émotionnellement. –SH
John, tu sais que je déteste ces trucs. –SH
Tu aurais dû attendre que j'arrive sur la scène de crime. –JW
Oui. J'ai besoin de ton aide pour quelque chose. –SH
Et tu arrives toujours à taper parfaitement ? –JW
Le sauver des trafiquants ? –JW
Je ne sais pas. –SH
Oui. Tu me l'as dit, mais tu n'as fait que beaucoup parler. –JW
Non ça ne va pas. Tu ne peux pas ranger un truc pareil dans une boîte et en jeter la clé. –SH
J'avais remarqué. –JW
Je m'en rends compte. Au bout d'un moment. –SH
Alors rentre. –SH
Tu veux bien acheter une nouvelle bouteille de lait pendant que tu es dehors ? –JW
Je suis flatté. –JW
Tu trouves que les personnages sont intéressants ? –JW
Ouais. Mais pourquoi repousser ce moment, hein ? Autant en finir le plus rapidement possible. –JW
Non. C'était juste une question. –JW
Possible. Peut-être qu'il était intéressant de savoir ce que ça fait. –SH
Il ne s'est rien passé.–JW
Merde. Maintenant je vais devenir paranoïaque. –JW
L'affaire, encore ? –JW
Tu ne peux pas dire un truc de ce genre puis arrêter de répondre. –JW
Dis-lui de s'occuper de ses affaires. –SH
Ouf. Si jamais un jour tu veux retourner faire les courses, je viendrai avec toi. –JW
Je suis étonné que tu aies demandé. –JW
Tu es le maître en la matière pour ce qui est des compliments indirects. –JW
En quoi donc ? –SH
Je ne pense pas. –SH
À rien je suppose. –SH
D'accord. Parle-moi. –JW
John ? –SH
Là où j'étais. Pas ici. –JW
Je me suis inquiété pour toi hier. –JW
Tu aurais dû m'attendre. –JW
C'est de ta faute si ça a commencé ! –SH
C'était le mari, hein ? –JW
Ça ne serait pas ta première fois non plus. –SH
Attend d'être revenu à Londres avant d'appeler ta sœur. –SH
Si tu as besoin d'espace, je comprendrais, mais promets-moi que nous allons en parler. –JW
Alors qu'est-ce que tu veux dire ? –JW
Je ne suis pas stupide, John. –SH
rien vouloir dire du tout. –JW
Non. J'aime faire de nouvelles rencontres, mais je ne veux pas être ici. –JW
Ouais. Je sais. –JW
Non. J'attends les résultats des tests faits sur des morceaux de terre. Ennuyeux. Pas très concluant pour le moment. –SH
Je l'ai pensé aussi. Cette maison. Elle voulait réellement qu'il soit heureux. –JW
Tu sais quoi ? Ne réponds pas à ça. –JW
Oui. J'aime la façon dont tu décris Londres. –SH
Et si j'en ai envie ? –SH
Je rentre plus tôt aujourd'hui. Il n'y a aucun patient. –JW
Ouais, je l'avais compris avec tes messages précédents. –JW
Tu penses que parce que je ne désire pas d'hommes d'habitude, je ne te veux pas ? –JW
Un peu exagéré, mais pas plus que dans n'importe quel autre roman policier. –SH
Vraiment, John, n'importe qui se serait mis à courir. –SH
Je sais. Moi non plus. –SH
Elle l'aimait vraiment beaucoup. –SH
Regarder des films stupid et lire de vieu dossier. –SH
Je peux peut-être aider. –JW
-----
Tu es déçu ? –SH
Tu essayes de te persuader n'avoir rien ressenti. Tu viens juste d'y penser.–JW
Ok. –JW
Si tu ne veux pas que je me répète. –SH
Où es-tu ? –SH
Non. Je l'ai frappé car il le méritait. –SH
Pourquoi je voudrais faire ça ? –JW
Attends. Tu es réellement en train d'y penser ? –JW
Elle est sobre ? –SH
Je ne vois pas pourquoi il faudrait que je me répète. –SH
c'est Anna et elle trouve que tu es un connard fini. –JW
-----
Frappé Anderson. C'était nécessaire. –SH
Je suis sûr de ne pas être intéressé. –SH
J'ai besoin de boire plus avant. –SH
Je préfère mourir d'ennui. –SH
Ce n'est pas de ma faute si quelqu'un a décidé de bloquer le trafic. –JW
Non. Vraiment pas. –JW
Comment avance l'affaire ? –JW
Je suis devant les portes d'entrée. –JW
Sa sœur est malade. Rien de sérieux. –SH
J'avais besoin de m'éloigner. Je pensais en avoir besoin. –JW
Je m'ennuie toujours. –SH
Tu passerais quelques jours loin de Londres. –JW
Bien. Kelly. La narcissique. –SH
Même la bière ? –JW
Comment fais-tu pour me répondre en étant menotté ? –JW
Je ferais tout aussi bien. Kelly est déjà partie. –JW
Oui. –SH
Mais tu n'as pas que ça en tête. –JW
Jambe cassée, quelques côtes également, blessure au cou. Il me semble improbable qu'il soit parti de lui-même. –SH
Cette partie-là n'est pas privée. Elle est faite pour être lue. –JW
Est-ce que Mycroft pense réellement que tu es un sociopathe ? –JW
Même en sachant que c'est sans espoir. Tu continues tout simplement de ressentir. –JW
Putain. –JW
Tu penses tout voir, mais ce n'est pas le cas. –JW
Ne touche pas à mon ordinateur. –JW
Tu ne m'as jamais invité. –SH
Tu boudes encore ? –JW
Tu le fais bien, toi. –JW
Ok. J'appelle Mycroft. – JW
Il n'a peut-être pas tort cette fois-ci. Tu agis bizarrement depuis quelques temps. –JW
Garde un œil sur lui. –JW
Là, tu vois ? Tu te mens à toi-même. –JW
Évidemment, et toi tu es la générosité incarnée. –JW
Non. Pas depuis l'université. –SH
Pourquoi ? –JW
Quand ? –SH
Il dit que tu as frappé Anderson parce qu'il m'a décrit comme étant ton animal de compagnie. –JW
Eh bien, les gens normaux mangent assez souvent et aiment la variété. –JW
Tu es tout le temps dans ma tête ! –SH
Bien résonné. –SH
Baker Street. Mon portable n'avait plus de batterie. –SH
Tu avais tort, tu le sais ? –JW
Que lui est-il arrivé ? –JW
Et tu ne peux pas le faire dans douce chaleur de l'appartement ? –JW
Qu'est-ce que tu aimes ? –SH
Parce que je ne sais pas ce que je vais dire. –SH
Tu aimerais que j'arrête ? –SH
Si, je le peux vraiment. Assez bien. –SH
Il va finir par te trouver là-dedans si tu ne sors pas. –JW
Pourquoi tu es si long ? Qu'est-ce que tu achètes là ? –JW
Sinon tu m'aurais déjà répondu. –SH
Tu as terminé le Scotch ? –JW
Que c'est sans importance. –SH
Ah. Tu peux toujours appeler Mycroft. Il pourrait venir et se rester là à se sentir supérieur à toi. –JW
Sherlock ? –JW
Ça ne serait pas la première fois. –SH
Non. Je t'assure, ça ne se peut pas. –JW
Tu mérites quelqu'un qui t'apprécie réellement. –SH
Je ne veux pas mal interpréter. –JW
Ah oui. –SH
Il était potable. Tu aimes les rencards. –SH
J'aime tout ça, moi aussi. –JW
Je peux. Je le ferais. Si tu veux que je le fasse. –JW
Ridicule. –SH
Sherlock, je ne pense pas être capable de faire ça. –JW
C'est à Paris. Une toile disparue. Très célèbre, je crois. –JW
Sherlock, je n'ai jamais voulu
Ça et d'autres choses. Est-ce qu'on mange de la confiture de fraise ? –SH
Ah bon ? –SH
Il l'est. Parfois. –JW
Plus pour longtemps. –SH
Ouais. Mais il avait des snipers. –JW
Tu as besoin d'aller à l'hôpital ? –JW
Fausse alerte. Elle fantasmait juste. Aucune intention de passer à l'acte. –SH
Non. Les messages c'est plus facile. –SH
Ça fait un jour entier, Sherlock. –JW
Oui. –SH
Eh bien, plus tard, d'accord ? –JW
Je ne l'ai pas vu faire ça. –SH
Je ne plaisante pas. –JW
Que fais-tu ? –SH
Des trafiquants l'ont attaqué il y a peu. Il dirige une compagnie de transport maritime. –SH
Pour commencer. –JW
J'ai toujours besoin de toi. –SH
Non. C'est une blague concernant l'habitude que tu as de te masturber. –SH
Je ramène à manger ? –JW
C'est ce que pense Mycroft ? –SH
Que je t'embrasse ? –JW
Mais est ce que tu voudra pour toujour ? –SH
Tu penses vraiment ce que tu viens de dire, John ? –SH
Et ils auraient pensé qu'un petit tatouage permettrait plus de l'identifier que son portefeuille et sa carte d'identité ? –SH
Bien sûr. Ce n'est pas l'activité la plus stimulante. –JW
Pourquoi ils feraient ça ? –JW
Je dois te parler. –SH
Est-ce que ça à l'air sarcastique ? Parce que je le pense vraiment. –JW
Seigneur. Le baiser ? –JW
Désolé. J'avais un patient. –JW
Tu sembles y arriver. –SH
Vas-y doucement. –JW
Ça c'est vraiment gentil, Sherlock. Merci. –JW
Et tu t'en sors bien. Tes personnages sont intéressants, mais il te reste encore du travail. –SH
Je sais que te dire que ce n'est pas vrai ne va pas aider, mais je le dis quand même, ce n'est pas vrai. –JW
Je les ressortirai. –SH
J'ai quelques dossiers d'anciennes affaires qui pourraient être utiles. Pour tes idées. –SH
Tu ne peux pas jouer avec tant d'émotion si tu n'as jamais ressenti cette émotion. –JW
Si, tu avais réellement à le faire. Je reste ton ami, même si pour l'instant les choses sont compliquées. –JW
J'avais remarqué. –JW
Tu as été magnifique. Et cohérant. –SH
Es-tu resté bloqué à cause de la partie où il faut parler d'enquêtes ? –SH
Ce n'est pas si mal en fait. –SH
Je n'en ai pas l'intention. –SH
Très bien. Donc se 'sentir seul' ne veut pas du tout signifier souhaiter avoir quelqu'un avec soi. –JW
Elle très fortement attachée à toi. Tu devrais le savoir. –JW
Je suis en train de rentrer. –SH
Vraiment. –JW
Pas que le sexe ! Bien que personnellement ce soit mon activité préféré. –JW
Si tu t'es mis à poursuivre ce connard sans moi je t'assure que je vais te tuer moi-même. -JW
Pas d'hôpital. C'est une blessure légère. –SH
La mère est alcoolique. –SH
Je suis arrivé. –JW
Bon point. Tu le sauras la prochaine fois comme ça. –SH
Non. J'ai t'ai vu quand ce n'est pas le cas. Et ça n'a rien à voir. Rien du tout. –JW
John ? –SH
Pas si tu deviens soûl au point de ne plus voir ton clavier. –JW
Les gens ne réalisent pas combien ils se plaignent. –SH
Ami, colocataire, amant, partenaire. Tout. Tout ça, si tu m'y autorises. –JW
Sérieusement, tu n'as pas dormi depuis deux jours. –JW
Je crois que je vais prendre l'affaire. –SH
Elle m'a fait part de sa déception durant au moins 5 bonnes minutes. –JW
Tu devrais t'entraîner un peu plus. –JW
Pourquoi cela t'embêtes tellement ? –SH
Mais c'était agréable de pouvoir sortir de nouveau. Même si ça n'a pas duré longtemps. –JW
Comment t'es-tu fait la commotion ? –JW
Ce n'était pas la première fois que je voulais que tu le fasses. –SH
ferais arrêter à cause de toi un de ces jours. –JW
Trop de choses dans ma tête. –SH
Y avait pas d'affaire ? –JW
Tu vas te faire arrêter un de ces jours. –JW
Il y en avait sur l'encadrement de la porte. En bas. Quelqu'un y a frotté sa chaussure. –SH
S'il-te-plaît. –JW
Non. Crois-moi. Je suis médecin, je sais de quoi je parle. –JW
Oui. C'est horrible. –SH
Ce n'est pas si grave. –SH
Il est trois heures du matin. Où vas-tu ? –JW
C'était le mari, n'est-ce pas ? Cet enfoiré. –JW
-----
Je le saurais bientôt. –SH
Non. Ce n'est pas ça, Sherlock. –JW
Il a vu des choses qu'il n'aurait pas dû voir ? –JW
Je suis dehors. –SH
Mais je serais honnête si je bois. –SH
Et Kelly n'en est pas loin non plus, pour l'instant. –JW
Je ne sais pas. Des choses. -JW
Non. C'est la raison pour laquelle c'était nécessaire. –SH
Parce que tu m'envoies toujours des messages lorsque je suis avec lui, mais que tu prétends ne pas avoir réalisé que je suis sorti. –JW
Et j'aimerais que tu manges aujourd'hui, également. –JW
Admirable. –SH
J'essayais de me remettre de ce que tu viens de me dire ! –JW
Qui plaisante ? –SH
Si, tu l'as fait. –SH
J'appellerai Angelo. –SH
Je veux dire, tu dis à tout le monde que tu es un sociopathe, mais nous savons tous les deux que ce sont des conneries. –JW
Tu viens de me faire sourire. –SH
L'appartement est trop calme. –SH
Je ne connais absolument personne ici. –JW
Presque un compliment. –SH
Tu sais où il habite ? –JW
Je ne rentrerais probablement pas avant deux heures. –JW
Une fmme. Je nsuis pas une femme. –SH
Putain. –JW
Molly ne va pas me sauter dessus. Elle va sûrement s'extasier devant moi, mais je survivrai. –SH
Indien, Italien ou Chinois ? –SH
Oui. Tout comme toi. –SH
Non. Je te rejoins dans quelques secondes. Je ne voudrais pas croiser Robert de nouveau. –SH
Il s'agit de la fréquence. Lui ne se retrouve pas à envoyer des messages à sa femme à chaque fois que nous sommes dehors. –JW
Tu n'as pas l'air d'être revenu à la maison la nuit dernière. –JW
Besoin de penser. –SH
Aussi longtemps que tu m'empêcheras de m'ennuyer. –SH
Sherlock ? –JW
Ça n'arrivera pas. –JW
Tu ne devrais pas la laisser te faire sentir coupable. –SH
Qu'est-ce que tu fabriques ? –JW
Je ne boirai pas autant. –SH
Dommage. Ils conviennent aux situations parfois. –JW
Il aurait mieux valu que tu sois sûr, je suppose. –JW
Je veux juste dire que nous nous envoyons beaucoup de messages. –JW
The last time this has happened, Sherlock had been five years old. His parents had forced him to spent the summer with an ageing aunt and he'd hated every minute of it. Her house was old and dark and the toilet had been on the ground floor at the end of a dim corridor when Sherlock's room had been upstairs, reached by a creaking staircase lined with paintings of long dead relatives.
By now, John, and especially Sherlock, have attracted quite a few glances, ranging in intensity from interested to proprietorial. Sherlock keeps close to John. It's not that watching the scenes unfolding in front of him unsettles or disturbs him (they are rather mild in content, he thinks to himself, compared to what he and John have been up to) or that he's intimidated by the intimacy of strangers - he has just never liked large groups. He needs John as some kind of buffer between him and the intrusion of people in general and in this setting in particular. There are just too many possibilities on offer here for Sherlock's brain to process, so he's willing to follow John's lead which has proven to be both save and sensible.
“Please, John, it's been so long. I've been so good, please...” Sherlock is outright begging, sounding as needy as he feels.
As if on cue, the busty red-head enters. “Ah, Kate, come over here. You remember Doctor Watson?”
“I have to tend to this, Sherlock. Stay like this, please, I'll be right back.” Sherlock rests his left cheek on his folded arms and watches John as he walks back into the bathroom to get their first aid kit (luckily, due to the nature of their relationship and John being a doctor, it's always well stocked). When John returns, he also carries new, clean towels.
“On your knees!”
John comes to stand behind Sherlock and quickly slides his jacket from his shoulders, draping it over the back of a visitors chair. Sherlock closes his eyes when he feels John's hands come around his chest to unbutton his shirt. As it hangs open, exposing a delicate red flush down to Sherlock's pectorals, Mycroft touches Sherlock's wrists and undoes his cuffs, on after the other. His thumbs rub over the thin skin on the inside of Sherlock's wrists, making him shiver. Sherlock is highly aware that his brother can feel his pulse, beating erratic. He doesn't care. It doesn't matter.
Sherlock sits naked on the edge of the mattress, his face contorted in pain, his hair a hideous areola of twisted black curls.
Sherlock doesn't sleep that night but writhes in agony on the floor.
Sherlock whimpers both in frustration and pain. John squeezes his waist to get his attention.
Now it's Mycroft's turn to pale. John keeps very still as the two brothers engage in one of their legendary staring matches.
The boy's clenches his red, tight pucker but under Sherlock's ministrations it relaxes a bit until another drop of white come oozes out. Sherlock catches it with his open mouth.
“God, look at you. Shamelessly horny.” John sighs. Sherlock presses his arse against those probing fingers and John lets him savour the contact for a moment before withdrawing them. “So needy.” He chuckles and Sherlock moans lowly into the rug, canting his hips upwards, rutting a bit more until John stills him with a sharp slap to one of his arse cheeks.
Sherlock's being difficult. He won't eat. So they make him. It's not an experience he wants to repeat.
“What do you have in mind, Doctor Watson?” Irene enquires curiously.
----------
“Spread your legs wider. Show me what a good little slut you are, just gagging for it.”
“Might as well.”John smiles a devilish smile as he turns onto his stomach and pushes his arse up into Sherlock's face to continue his oral service, this time by licking John's arsehole. Sherlock sets to work with dedication, imagining being forced to suck off a row of strangers until his face, mouth and belly are filled with their come. The taste of John's arse does the rest as Sherlock pushes his peaked, stiff tongue deep inside him; his orgasm crashes over him, unstoppable even by the fear of the severe punishment John will surely deal out for this transgression. Greg feels Sherlock's muscles clench and speeds up his thrusts, fucking Sherlock so hard that he sees stars and has difficulty breathing as his face is pushed deep between John's buttocks.
Sherlock nods frantically.
When they all have got dressed again – apart from Kate, who at least wrapped her bruised body in a woollen blanket - Sherlock remembers that he actually has a question for the maid.
“Y-yes. I like it... rough.”
When the doorbell rings John gives Sherlock an approving once-over before asking: “Ready?”
“There's something you promised me.” John reminds him, and Sherlock nods. John takes the abandoned glass into his left hand, takes his own cock in his right and strokes himself a few times. It doesn't take long for him to add a small amount of come to the residue he's caught before, mixing his fluids with Mark's. Afterwards, he offers it to Sherlock.
Sherlock is left kneeling on the floor, panting, his chest rising and falling rapidly. The scene is over and the group dissolves, leaving John to take care of him. He's drenched in piss, come and spit and must look a right filthy mess.
“What happened to him?” Ginger asks.
As if sensing Sherlock's thoughts, John suddenly pulls out of Mark’s alluring mouth with a wet pop. It only takes a few fierce pulls to get him off, and then he comes with a low shout all over Mark’s face.
It takes ages. John strokes and tugs, teases and pulls, squeezes and pumps while Sherlock whimpers with need and arousal, reduced to a quivering mess. He can't even beg or plead. All he can do is endure John's touch and try not to come until eventually, despite his best efforts to prevent it, he can feel his climax building like an unstoppable tidal wave. Sherlock groans in despair. He's panicking, trying to warn John, silently bargaining for a lenient punishment as his orgasm is wrought from his tense body. He comes and comes, his body shaking, the rope pulling at his nipple rings, and the noises he makes are almost animalistic, high croaks and desperate rasps. John's fingers get sticky and nicely slippery with Sherlock's semen.
“Does it hurt?”
Mycroft nods. “Then it might be actually wise to keep him here overnight. Who knows what kind of coping strategy my little brother might devise otherwise.” Mycroft looks pointedly down his nose  and John would have bristled at the insinuation, hadn't he been bone tired and exhausted.
“I'm... I don't want to feel anything. John. I want the pain to drown out everything else. I want to...
“It wasn't that bad, was it?” John chuckles, sounding slightly amused despite still not looking back at Sherlock.
He doesn't untie Sherlock, not yet. Instead, he watches as lube and his come ooze out of Sherlock's swollen hole. It's a lovely sight, and John starts to play with the mess, pushing his index finger in despite Sherlock's whimper, only to offer the wet finger to be licked clean afterwards. They repeat this numerous times, John squatting on the floor, feeding Sherlock come from his own arse, who greedily licks and sucks.
“I think you are ready now.” He tells their guest, and the man nods, his eyes a little glassy.
Sherlock's eyes are dark and hooded by then, his cheeks flushed. John can see his pulse throbbing in his throat. Enough is enough, he decides after fifteen minutes, and suggests they change location to get a bite to eat. Does Sven have any suggestions...
“But your eyes. Those were dead eyes, broken. I knew what I saw. I’m a Doctor, remember.”
He can do this. He has done so many things in the past weeks...
Meanwhile, Sherlock knows what they do isn't healthy. But he's always had a self-destructive streak, and indulging it while at the same time amazing and satisfying John seems appropriate, even worthwhile. Sherlock gets off on overcoming his own internal resistance. Giving in to something he knows he should find abhorrent is becoming his ultimate kick.
“Hmm, that's very... considerate of you.” John chuckles. Sherlock's hips starts to buck as he fucks himself on John's fingers.
“If I don't plug him with some huge monster dildo, I'll have to put him in nappies. It's disgusting, really. But I know that out there are some men who are into this sort of thing. I whore him out to them. He has to earn his keep now, don't you?”
Sherlock had been swirling around the bedroom, manically gesturing while rapidly firing off his deduction. His cheeks are now flushed an even deeper crimson, and while Dimmock might attribute this to the rather embarrassing circumstances that poor sod on the bed kicked it while felating a rubber dildo, John knows that Sherlock's rosy complexion has to do with another toy altogether.
“Thank you.” Sherlock whispers.
Irene opens a door on the first floor and steps aside to let John and Sherlock walk past her. At first glance it seems to be a rather spacious study with a large oak desk and a few hardbacked chairs in the middle. An elegant chaise lounge with a low coffee table beside it is placed at the far wall between two windows. The thin white curtains prevent anyone from seeing inside while still letting natural light stream into the room.
“Your hole is gaping. You're so wet, I'm sure you can take more than my cock.” John pants, pushing deep inside Sherlock without meeting any resistance. He sits back a little on Sherlock's thighs and pushes both his thumbs into his arsehole next to his huge cock, prying Sherlock open. His thumbs massage Sherlock's still spasming, sensitive rim while John's thrusts become a little shallow due to the changed angle. It feels like Sherlock is being ripped apart, unable to do anything about it.
, he thinks, scratched above his pubic bone;
Sherlock's brain kicks into gear. “Who's been murdered?” He sits up as well, winces a little at the abrupt movement and snatches the paper from John.
“Fine?” John answers.
Lash.
“Tell me.” John demands. “I want to hear you.”
Sherlock – or Sven by now – slept on their couch for a few days, during which he established an online history for himself as well as for Ormond Sacker: Facebook, Instagram, Email accounts and so on, using the shared Wi-Fi registered under the name of the main lessee, the father of one of the girls. After three days, it looked convincingly as if Sven Sigerson and Ormond Sacker had existed for as long as their alleged age made it credible.
Their moaning and Sherlock's choking and spluttering almost drowns out Sherlock's phone. As it doesn't stop ringing, John finally reaches out to answer, buried deep in Sherlock's mouth.
John bites into his pastry. “Do you have any idea what might have happened?”
John smiles darkly. Finally!
Sherlock is quick to catch on. He slicks up the bottle-neck, places the full bottle on the floor, squats over it and slowly sinks down.
John's gloved fingers start stroking Sherlock's back, moving over welts and split skin, probing and pressing. It hurts – god, it hurts! But John doesn't stop when Sherlock groans in agony. He just fists Sherlock's curls and mumbles in Sherlock's ear. “I said, be quiet. Just take it. You are mine to do as I please, remember?”
“Seriously?” Sally asks, glancing down at the posh git on the floor.
“Will there be any links to our real identities?”
“Close your eyes.” John is panting heavily as well. Sherlock's eyelids flutter shut, and John trickles hot wax all over the eye sockets, effectively sealing them. The white stearin runs in rivulets down Sherlock’s face, like ghostly tears, even paler than his alabaster cheekbones. He looks like carved in marble.
“Yes.” John takes over.
“You'll like it.” Sherlock promises.
Sherlock hands are still numb, so John has to sink down in front of him and guide his slender, still stockinged feet into the unfamiliar footwear. His socks are damp with piss, but John doesn't remove them.
, Sherlock silently screams, he can't involve John in this. That would taint... everything.
John takes his own cock in hand and brushes its already glistening tip over Sherlock's cheekbones. Sherlock, who's lying on his back on the mattress while John hovers over him, starts to rut up into the air, keening into his gag.
But he can't appreciate the sight for long. Toby carefully puts cooling ointment on the wounds before covering them with plaster stripes.
Sherlock dives headlong into the case but John reminds him that there are other needs he has to succumb to as well.
“What is all that for?” He asks tentatively
“I don't know, Mycroft. I wasn't present.”
Sherlock seems frozen, paralysed. He stares at his brother for a long moment before very deliberately taking a step back and sitting down into one of the flowery armchairs, crossing his legs primly. John can't suppress a smug smirk as he lowers himself onto the armrest.
They leave the club together a few minutes later.
“Yes, John.”
Sherlock still smiles a dopey smile despite the congealing mass covering his features.
“Remember, Sherlock, I know what you need.” John cards his finger through Sherlock's hair, cupping the back of his skull. “If we stop this now, we'll never get back to it. And you don't really want to stop this, do you?”
“You look absolutely fuckable, Sherlock.” John whispers, leaning in close, before pressing an open-mouthed kiss to Sherlock's jaw. “I've been thinking about this all day. You, in these tarty things...”
“Get the fuck on with it!” Moriarty suddenly yells. “I'll count to three, and if you are not licking at his tonsils when I'm finished, little Kitty will have a field day. Three – two – one... ok, Sherlock, you asked for it.”
“Can we have a moment, please? ” John suddenly asks, his voice a little rough.
“Stop. Stop! Wait here.” John tugs himself back in and leaves a scowling Sherlock behind as he quickly sprints naked into the kitchen to retrieve an empty water bottle.
Sherlock is ordered to undress first Mycroft and then John. It’s not easy for him to stand, as no one has yet detached the rope from the chain. The clamps bite painfully at Sherlock’s skin if he doesn't stand slightly bent forward. Every motion tears at the chain, further tormenting Sherlock's already raw nipples.
Sherlock tries to shrug, but is restraint by the rope binding his wrists, upper arms, legs and ankles to the operation table.
When he's finished, John makes him rub his come all over his face and take a selfie while John pulls the chain attached to the nipple clamps tight around his fist.
He grabs the baffled pathologist by the shoulders and shakes her while shouting: “Where's Sherlock? Is he not with you?”
“No snogging behind the bike shed? No clumsy fumbling on a back seat of a car?”
When he’s finished, he whispers John’s name against his palm, his lips warm, his breath hot and moist.
When John looks up again, his face is wild, his lips smeared crimson. The knife moves down Sherlock's body, and he arches into the contact. As John reaches his crotch, he slices the thin silk from Sherlock's hips with two precise cuts. The fabric is soaked with Sherlock's precome, clinging to his bollocks. John grins almost manic as he presses the flat side of the knife against the underside of Sherlock's shaft, who responds with canting his hips upwards, rubbing himself against the sharp blade. After a moment, John pulls away to give Sherlock two parallel lesions at the translucent skin in the hollows of his hips. The blood drips down, pooling at Sherlock's groin, and John smears it all over Sherlock's straining cock with his free hand, giving him a few long, slow strokes from hilt to tip.
“Shall we send this to your brother, hm? Would you like to show him what a dirty comeslut you've become?”
“Will you fuck me?” Sherlock asks, breathless with laughter.
Any attempt at fighting or running is futile, Sherlock registers, as he tries to arrange his body into a sitting position. He's too weak. His head lolls from side to side and his limbs dangle from his torso as if they don't belong to him. Like a rag doll, he thinks. I'm just someone's toy now.
Panting hard, Sherlock asks in a broken voice: “Is it done?”
Donovan looks over her shoulder, frowns, then pushes a door to their right open.
“John, get the camera from over there. I want you to film us. Two Holmes amalgamating.”
Someone is pissing in an inflatable plastic bag. It is slowly dawning on Sherlock what they have in mind for him. God, it's humiliating. And so very arousing. He moans behind his mask, but not in disgust. In excitement. This is something new, something he's never done before. John and Mycroft don't seize to amaze him.
“God, boys, look at this posh little twat. He's so tight, I wonder if I can get my finger inside him.” Ginger says as a thick plump finger starts to rub at Sherlock's entrance before pushing in without any lube. Sherlock whimpers.
As Sherlock gets up to take a look over his shoulder John closes the tab and even shuts the laptop.
Eventually, he removes his spit slick hand and wraps it around Sherlock's aching cock. It's like an electric shock. Sherlock's whole body jerks forward into the touch. He makes an undignified sound, something between a moan and a sob, thick beads of spit dripping from his mouth because he can't swallow properly. John strokes him firm and fast. Sherlock shudders, grunts, eagerly trying to gulp in air as he twitches in John's grip, making desperate high noises to warn him. But John doesn't stop until Sherlock pulses hot come all over his hand.
“Does it hurt? It looks rather painful.” Sherlock more senses bright flashes of light. John is taking photos of him in his agony on his phone.
As someone aims for the Asian boy’s chest, Sherlock is quick to duck down and lick it off his nipples and pectorals. It tastes sharp, a little pungent, quite different from John's.
Mycroft doesn't slow down as he climaxes, but rides it out, shooting his thick load up Sherlock's arse, who follows suit, not caring if he's allowed to. His come hits the Persian carpet, mixing with his other bodily fluids that have already stained the expensive rug. No punishment his brother could come up with could have stopped Sherlock, but he's willing to accept whatever Mycroft has in store for him to make up for his offence. Because he's sure that his ordeal has just begun.
“You dirty little bugger.” John mumbles, before he starts to pull the plug out.
“You?”
And Mycroft does, slamming faster and faster into Sherlock's used hole.
----------
“I have to make a call.” Sherlock declares and strides off into the living room. John hurries to follow.
“Clean cut. The victim didn't struggle. He was tied up and didn't know what was coming. I'd say a scalpel was used, or a very sharp razor blade. But because of the precision I think it was a medical instrument. He bled to death. Got what he deserved, in my opinion.”
Sherlock's brother stands to greet them.
Sherlock closes his eyes and licks into the corpse's mouth. It tastes horrible – stale, mouldy – but he tries to ignore the smell, the unmistakeably flavour of death, the feel of frigid flesh against his dry, chafed lips.
The plug stays up Sherlock all evening as they sit on the sofa, kissing, holding each other, and every time John wants to look at him Sherlock bends over and shows John how open he is for him.
“I told you he'd be of service.” Mycroft steps up from a dark corner of the room, his hands clasped behind his back, eyes boring into Sherlock's. His tie is loose and the first button on his collar undone. Sherlock stares at his brother's exposed throat and suddenly feels hot all over. Does he know what state Sherlock is in, right now? Mycroft usually misses very little.
“Nietzsche.” Sherlock says suddenly.
“Can you walk?” He asks. Sherlock takes a few steps towards the door and nods. “Fine. Let's go then.”
“I saw what he did to you. The pics... and some of the video.” John feels Sherlock tense in his grip and holds him down with his other hand on Sherlock's right shoulder. “That was rape. This is not. I'll do anything to overwrite what that monster did to you. And we'll start right here. Tonight. I won't allow this sick piece of shit to come between us. Have I made myself clear?”
He lightly brushes his fingertips over the ends of the clothes pins biting down on Sherlock's lower abdomen before moving to the ones attached to his inner thighs. Sherlock shivers at the waves of pain rolling over him. The skin trapped between the clamps has gone numb over the last hour or so that Sherlock has been kneeling on the floor. Now, every motion triggers shocking agony rippling through his abused body.
Somehow, his reassuring words haven't the calming effect he's hoped for, because John's frown only deepens. “You are not going down there anymore.” He states eventually.
“Now bring it up again.” That's John's voice. Sherlock turns around, a little shocked. John looks at him seriously. “Sven, I said, bring it up again.”
In response, Sherlock's lips quirk up in an arrogant smile. John slams the glass back down onto the nightstand and jerks Sherlock forwards until he's kneeling up in front of the bed. He can't be allowed to refuse him like this, John reasons, as he slaps Sherlock's face left, right, left, sending his head lolling. He must have bitten his lip because a small rivulet of blood runs down his chin.
Eventually, John pulls Sherlock up on his knees. The men continue to slap him and spit in his face, and Sherlock turns towards them, offering his body, grateful and happy. They love to aim for his mouth and Sherlock opens wide to swallow their spit that tastes like lager and tobacco. They even empty their beer bottles over his head while Sherlock writhes on the linoleum, slurping up his own pre-come mixed with the sour alcohol. Only when the floor is clean does John allow Sherlock to touch himself in front of those four strangers, and they watch mesmerised as Sherlock rubs his cock and rolls his balls in his palm. Eight large hands stroke his face, chest and back while John's strong fingers pull hard at his nipples; despite his blissed out state, Sherlock remembers to ask for John's permission to come.
John makes Sherlock creep into the living room. The weights swing, and Sherlock gasps wantonly. His cock is dripping, rock hard by now, poking obscenely between his legs.
“Oh, but you two are celebrities now. People have a right to know what you are up to, how you love to tie your fucktoy down, for example, and beat him into submission.” Magnussen's voice is cultivated, quite distinguished, which makes listening to him using all those dirty words even more insufferable.
Suddenly, a sob rises in Sherlock's throat. He can't suppress it. His balls feel like they might explode. His vision narrows down to the black and white tiles just in front of his face as he finally collapses, moaning John's name in a plea to stop.
There are the words carved into his flesh with the hunting knife.
John mostly does it in the evenings, wearing a cock ring that prevents him from coming, so he can keep going for hours. After he's been fucked deep and long, John likes to indulge in another of his favourite activities: fisting. Sherlock has to kneel in front of the couch, head on the floor, arse in the air, while John pushes his hand inside him up to his elbow. Lube and come are dripping out of Sherlock as John feels and moves inside him, stroking his warm walls. He can do that for an eternity.
“Sherlock, it's ok, it's ok.” John murmurs, gathering the thin shaky frame up against his chest, petting his hair until all hell breaks loose when the SWAT team storms the room.
John seems to wait for something, a sign that this is okay. When Sherlock blinks, he steadily pulls the belt a little tighter until Sherlock starts to see black dots dancing before his eyes as his trachea is continuously compressed. His hands and feet start to twitch. His face feels strangely hot and swollen. His grunts turn into raw croaks before there's no sound at all.
Only when Sherlock is seated in the back of a sleek black car – grateful for being allowed to wear at least his Belstaff over the kinky latex garments - does he dare to ask: “Where are we going?” His voice is raw from lack of use.
Surprisingly, the first splash of warm piss doesn’t hit him in the face. Mycroft chooses his tormented nipples instead, pissing all over Sherlock’s chest before directing the stream downwards. Streaks of hot urine run over Sherlock’s concave belly and pool between his legs. But it’s not enough, Sherlock needs to taste his brother. He leans forward, desperate to get some piss in his mouth, and Mycroft answers his silent pleading and finally raises his stream up to Sherlock’s face, his open mouth. He swallows, greedily, thirsty, and instantly loves the taste of his brother’s piss. It's sharp, yet sweeter than John’s. To relish his depraved refreshment, Sherlock lets Mycroft fill his mouth over and over again before swallowing, drinking him down. His brother must have held it rather long, for Sherlock is soon kneeling in a dark yellow puddle as the piss gathers on the white tiles. He closes his eyes as Mycroft sprays the last splatters all over his face, greedily trying to catch every drop, his mouth slack, his tongue darting out, licking, indulging.
When he's finished, he once again attaches a string to Sherlock's nipple rings, but this time, he draws it over his shoulders. The half-filled bucket hangs between Sherlock's shoulder blades, pulling on his nipples, stretching them upwards. It's nearly insufferable. Sherlock squirms in pain. The dildo moves inside him, grazing his walls, and his mouth falls open as his eyes roll back in his head. Pleasure and pain mix, intertwined in a wicked tangle, setting his skin on fire while every nerve in his body vibrates with lust-fuelled agony.
J'explique à Lestrade. –SH
J'ai pensé que ça t'ennuierait. –JW
Une fois que tu auras les résultats tu sauras où la personne a été ? –JW
Normalement, tu te reposes après une affaire. –JW
“This will hurt. Try to be quiet or I'll have to gag you. Show me what you can endure.”
But before he starts, John removes the bag and gives Sherlock the plug to suck on insted. He eagerly swallows it, tasting his own musk and John's come.
----------
“God, Sherlock, that's me, that's my hand inside you.” And he bites and licks and kisses every inch of sweaty skin he can reach while Sherlock rises, breaths, shivers in front of him, his head lolling on his strained neck, Adam's apple bobbing as he tries to swallow while moaning John's name.
” Sherlock huffs, frustrated, dizzy with arousal and pent up need. “Please...” He's becoming incoherent, his brain awash with endorphins. Reasoning flies out of the window as the only thing that has any significance in his life is John's cock.
Mycroft's hand twitches mid-air before it falls back onto the handle of his umbrella. All put on friendliness is suddenly gone from his tone: “You have no idea what you've got yourself into. Do you seriously think I'll let this slip?”
“Ho bisogno di cazzo...,” the boy mouthing Acri's crotch whispers.
-----------
“Yes, Sergeant.”
“John, please, oh god, John, I can't...” Sherlock is gasping, begging, aching with need.
The next Boots is about half a mile away, just down Marylebone Road. John bypasses the hordes of tourists lining up for Madame Tussauds, pops into the shop and quickly tosses two large tubes of lube, a pack of condoms, a home enema kit and a box of nitrile gloves into his basket. He knows it looks like preparing for an especially lewd gay orgy – but well, that's what it is and he couldn't care less what the girl behind the counter thinks of him. She neither blushes nor winks, just sells him his supplies while never once stopping to chat with her colleague about a guy called Toby and his manifold shortcomings.
Sherlock is impaled on John's left arm, circling his hips, rocking, gliding up and down like a puppet, fitting John's hand like a glove, sheathing his arm. John twists his fist again and Sherlock makes a hissing noise.
John doesn't let the eager voice finish before hanging up on her, shoving the phone beneath the Union Jack pillow on the couch. He grabs the laptop and stalks back into the bedroom.
Sherlock and John hide at the one place Mycroft wouldn't come after them. Yet other unwanted memories creep up on them.
Despite still being a little shaky from his orgasm, John takes his phone out with trembling fingers and snaps one last picture of Sherlock, dishevelled, covered in come, slightly off kilter, his hair a mess, his eyes red, still a visible mark on his throat where John had tightened his belt.
He'd been so embarrassed that he had hidden the damp, smelly sheets until there's been an opportunity to burn them in a fireplace in one of the disused rooms. He still remembers the tingle of excitement that had come over him that night, though, knowing that he had done something filthy and forbidden.
Sherlock feels drowsy as he's abandoned by John and presented to a room full of strangers. The name on the vial he'd been able to glimpse had said Ketalar. He'd briefly wondered why John had thought it necessary to administer a painkiller which also provides sedation as well as memory loss, but in the end had shrugged it off.
“A bit.” Sherlock answers through gritted teeth.
While they drive through the night, Sherlock starts to nod off on the passenger seat. At least John thinks (and hopes) so, as Sherlock's eyes are closed and his breathing has evened out. John knows that it's adamant to take a look at him and his injuries, but he also knows that they have to get as far away as possible from Mycroft and his cronies as fast as they can. Stopping and tending to Sherlock's wounds in the middle of the Sussex countryside is just not an option right now. Besides, the ketamine will make him tired and help him to relax as well as sooth the pain. It's all John can offer him at the moment.
“Here, drink something.”
More splashing.
“But what?” Sherlock’s voice has dropped an octave despite his innocent expression.
“You are insatiable, a true cock-slut. You seem to exist on come alone.” But John doesn't sound too put-out as he quickly unbuckles his trousers. His cock is already half-hard just from locking Sherlock in. As he's in a hurry, he just pushes his jeans far enough down to free his erection.
“God, I want to fuck him again.” John sighs as he pulls back, nibbling down Sherlock's jaw. “You think he's already up for another round, Mycroft?”
“Get up, on your knees, I want to come on your face.” John huffs and Sherlock hurries to scramble to his feet as to not miss John's load. He has barely sunken onto his knees in front of John as the first spurt of hot come hits his cheek. Sherlock opens his mouth wide to catch as much as he can.
“Tomorrow, I promise. You've been so good tonight. Tomorrow.” John whispers as he ruffles Sherlock's sweaty curls. Sherlock slowly puts the tunnel plug back and then decides on the anal beads as preparation.
“Reporters?” Mrs Hudson is just in her long nightdress. “Dear me...”
“Ready for the next ten?”
“Hello, Molly. How was lunch?” Jim asks in the most jovial tone as he takes yet another step towards the door.
John is sitting on the bed, filming Sherlock on his phone, his cock in the other hand, lazily stroking himself. “Come on, don’t stop, all the way in.”
The crackle of thin plastic...
“Thank you.” Sherlock blows on it before taking a gulp of the scalding brew just to have something to do with his hands and mouth. John is still standing in front of him and, after Sherlock has drained his cup almost in one go, takes it from him and touches his thumb to Sherlock's lower lip. There's still the small abrasion from when John pinned Sherlock to the floor the other day and John caresses it before pushing his thumb inside Sherlock's mouth.
Finally, John is going to put his hand up Sherlock's arse.
“Open your mouth.” John whispers, his voice rough with arousal.
----------
At this, Sherlock eyes eventually flicker over to really look at the stranger John has brought with him: athletic, with submissive tendencies, a bottom but not really into BDSM, on Grindr, likes anonymous encounters, has been in a long-distance relationship for some years but split up recently, works with his hands, but not a builder, a carpenter maybe...
When the hood is removed, Sherlock has to squint despite the low light. He can't focus. The room spins around him while the vibrator is still buzzing up his arse.
“Ok.” Greg brushes a hand through his silver hair. “Does Mycroft know?”
“With your mouth.” Irene orders.
From behind a curtain emerges a wiry young man with a black pony tail, every visible area of skin covered in ink. His face (and probably other parts of his body as well) is decorated with multiple silver studs in lip, nose and eyebrows.
“As far as I could see, Sherlock wasn't severely injured. But it seemed that Moriarty played some fucked up games with him.”
“You fucking, filthy pussy. Moaning like a tart. You gag for it, don’t you ?”
“But I did...” A hard slap silences Sherlock.
“I know, John.” Sherlock hums against his skin before he falls asleep.
“And what could Kate tell you?”
Sherlock is shaking with need when John eventually leads him up to his bedroom that night.
John's gaze trails down Sherlock's body to rest between his thighs where Mycroft's manicured fingers curl around Sherlock's erection, pulling back the foreskin to expose the glistening slit.
“She was someone's daughter, Sherlock. She should have been at school, not in a brothel.” John gives Irene a sharp look but she just shrugs and glances over to Mycroft.
The dark-skinned boy reacts quickly. He gathers the come on the tiles up with his hand and pushes it back inside the pig's arse, pushing the prolapsing bowel back. The pig yelps, going very still. His arse must hurt like hell but he also seems excited to get his own come put back inside him like this.
Sherlock nods. “Yes, so far...,” he whispers, licking his lips.
“He's been with me the longest, you know. I got him eight years back when he was just fifteen. Used him hard and well. Now, as you can see, he's a little tattered and worn. His bowels fall out easily. That's what comes with being able to fit anything up your arse. Anything. Isn't that so, pig?”
“Don't come again before you are allowed to.” John reminds him. His gaze moves between the telly and Sherlock wanking himself for his entertainment. He let's Sherlock stir for almost half an hour, until he's sobbing again because his misused cock is by now burning.
“Mycroft...” Sherlock mutters.
We are still in the hotel room in Amsterdam, the morning after John has met Sherlock who he'd presumed dead.
John wiggles out from under Sherlock and walks into the kitchen, leaving his still drowsy lover sulking in the bedroom.
Meanwhile, Mycroft has composed himself and looks as pristine as ever.
And John doesn’t disappoint him.
Sherlock licks his lips but stays put.
John is out of the door, running towards the lifts, before the elder Holmes has even had time to finish his sentence. He can hear Lestrade call after him, but doesn't wait to listen. Whatever it is the DI wanted to tell him, it wouldn't have stopped John anyway.
“I'll be right back.” John promises and Sherlock sighs with satisfaction by way of a goodbye.
“God, you are so tight. It feels like it’s your first time.” John gasps out between gritted teeth, before dropping the candle to the floor, grabbing Sherlock's narrow hips in a death grip, speeding up.
He has taken out a pot of elbow grease and throws it into the lap of one of his pets, who catches it and sinks down onto the floor.
Yet John knows he shouldn't allow Sherlock to have his way like this; it gnaws on him. Shouldn't he be the responsible adult here? Who's setting the rules in their relationship?
Next, John pays attention to Sherlock's front. A hand brush strokes over Sherlock's stretched nipples, again and again, more tickling than hurting. Sherlock shivers. John moves lower, brushing the broom over Sherlock's cock. It's scratchy, but it doesn't feel too bad, so Sherlock carefully ruts against the coarse hairs.
John teases, tugs and pulls ever so gently, but Sherlock's cock, deprived of touch for so long, springs to life immediately. It swells and hardens as Sherlock sways in the rope, increasing the pull on his sensitive flesh. It's maddening.
When Sherlock reaches for the wet hard cock in front of him, however, John stops him by saying: “That's not for you, I'm afraid.”
John doesn't care. He pounds into Sherlock's mouth, holding him by his curls while grunting in encouragement. Thankfully, it doesn't take long for him to come down Sherlock's throat. After pulling out, he holds Sherlock's chin up in a vice-like grip for long moments, watching come and spit drip from Sherlock's swollen lips. All the while, Sherlock keeps his fingertip inside his glans as John hasn't allowed him to remove it.
John has decided to use the belt. He's already given Sherlock's still half-hard cock five hard lashes, and Sherlock tries to writhe and escape the next stroke but of course that's futile. He knows he still has fifteen lashes to endure. John has ordered him to count aloud.
John needs a moment; he isn't sure he got this right. “Sherlock? Sorry... what revelations? Who's speaking, anyway?”
John strokes his cock while watching. As the laptop is angled away from his field of vision, Sherlock can only listen to the explicit noises and licks his lips in anticipation, getting more and more desperate by the minute. Yet John doesn't as much as glance at him, in fact he completely ignores Sherlock while indulging in dirty flicks on the internet. Currently, a young, pale actor in tight leather trousers is sucking off an older partner, his hairless chest heaving while he takes the massive cock deep, sucking it greedily down his throat, saliva running down his chin. From time to time, the man's he's servicing pulls him off by his dark curls and slaps him, before shoving his prick back into that willing, eager mouth until the boy is retching, his throat visibly constricting.
Then it’s John’s turn.
John caresses the delicate skin of Sherlock's exposed inner arms before the first stroke. The broken skin shows a fine shallow cut and blood trickles down Sherlock's pale lean arms. As John hits Sherlock again and again Sherlock yells in pain and balls his hands into fists, pulling at his restrains. He's only bruising his wrists, though; Irene knows how to tie a man up.
Mycroft runs his hand tenderly over the dark oak. “I had to pull some strings to obtain this from Wandsworth prison.” He smiles, then gestures for Sherlock to step closer.
It takes Sherlock almost fifteen minutes to sew his mouth shut with nine stitches. It hurts like hell, as John doesn't offer any anaesthetic. Sherlock's face is wet with tears, blood running down his chin and throat, when he ties the last knot into the yarn at the left corner of his mouth. It looks quite disturbing – the black twine stands out against his swollen red lips and whitish skin. The seam is uneven. Some stitches are farther apart than others. It reminds Sherlock of the very first attempt of a young Viktor Frankenstein. Creepy. Like in a cheap horror movie.
“Don't know yet.” John sits next to him and powers the computer up. The screen flickers as it comes alive.
Sherlock opens eagerly, guiding Mycroft's cock into his mouth as well, and sucks. He can only swallow their crowns as the angle is strange and the cascading water makes breathing difficult, but as Sherlock starts to swirl his tongue around both their cockheads, the two men above him moan in unison before continuing to lick into each other's mouths.
“Lestrade told me that he’s been trained for toilet service?” Mycroft asks, taking his by now merely half-hard cock in hand, aiming at Sherlock.
Both his Mum and Dad start to fuss over Sherlock, asking questions simultaneously, offering assistance, but their son just shakes his head and asks for his old room.
“What do you have to say...?”
Sherlock still prefers to play it alone. But John's not having it. When he finds out what Sherlock has been up to, they both have to come to terms with his betrayal of trust.
“Yes.” John nods in response, holding the bloodied knife in front of Sherlock's pale face, the blade dripping with his blood. Sherlock's eyes are glazed over, but he smiles despite the pain distorting his features.
John finally had had some mercy with Sherlock and had removed the cock ring. By now the ache of Sherlock's straining muscles had taken the edge of his arousal, leaving him kind of numb. When the first cloth pins had been attached to his balls, Sherlock had groaned behind his gag but had been far from coming.
“Yes, hello, it's Sherlock Holmes speaking. - Yes, that's right. Could you please put me through to Mr Magnussen? - Thank you.” John openly gapes at Sherlock, who just puts his index finger to his lips to quieten him. “Mr Magnussen? So kind of you to take my call. - Yes, Miss Riley... I was wondering...” He almost sounds a little perturbed. “I'd really like to set the record straight, so to speak. No pun intended. Could we meet? - Your office might be a bit too exposed. - Could you come to Leinster Gardens? No, just you, I don't want to sound petty, but I'm not sure Kitty will be able to handle the story right. - Great. At Eleven. Thank you.”
Sherlock actually needs a moment to answer that question. “No, not tired. Just... exhausted. Everything hurts.”
“We couldn't say. We never met Signor Acri before last night.” Sherlock explains.
“My only vice has been Tequila.” John confesses. “But I don't think I'll need that much of it from now on.”
“Sherlock, this can seriously injure you...”
Sherlock slowly sits up and stares at John, bleary-eyed and tousled.
Sherlock can't move, not with the heavy bucket still attached to his sore nipples. Of course, he doesn't think about removing it. It's like a ball and chain, tying him down. He'll wait until John releases him. If he releases him. While John tales a shower, Sherlock licks come and spit off the floor to keep John's taste fresh in his mouth.
Sherlock is done, he's reduced to a purely carnal state of existing; his mind is quiet. He just wants to curl up beneath the sheets and sleep. When John at last removes the gag only a soft sigh escapes Sherlock's aching jaw before he rolls onto his side and buries his head against John's hip. And for once, John lets him, pets his hair, strokes his quivering back and murmurs soothing words until Sherlock falls asleep.
First, it lies in total darkness as John pushes the indicated door open. He has to feel around to find the light switch. When the single bare light bulb dangling from the ceiling comes to life, however, the whole room is ablaze in radiant white that might have hurt the eye if it hadn’t been for the small characteristic black scrawl covering every surface from floor to ceiling. The only furniture consists of a mattress in the far corner. There’s no window, but a slightly protruding part of one wall lets John guess where it used to be before it had been covered with a pane.
“That's him.” John croaks, and Lestrade nods.
Suddenly, John is gone, leaving Sherlock tied up and spread open on the bed. The door is left ajar, so Sherlock can hear Lestrade coming up the stairs.
Sherlock, still kneeling, shoves his trousers down to mid-thigh and his cock springs free as he didn't bother with pants today. John gives it a few light strokes that have Sherlock shiver, goosebumps breaking out on his exposed flesh.
Sherlock has trouble focusing, and John's not even sure he's been aware of his presence, but his question seems to bring Sherlock back to the here and now. He gives a curt nod as he looks up at John's face and then down at his groin, where John's nimble fingers are busy unbuttoning his fly.
“You are doing so well. Breath. Don't fight it.” But the toy is still not properly inside him. There's a long way to go. John pulls out a bit, watches Sherlock's hole flutter, already swollen, the light pink turned red. John bows down, licks a bit, just with the tip of his tongue, until Sherlock's sighs and gives him a sharp nod as a sign to continue.
When John finally unties the ropes, Sherlock is allowed to crawl over to the chest of drawers and decide on the plug he'll be stuffed with tonight. His kimono hangs open, one suspender has come loose and the stocking starts to roll down his leg, yet he still looks sexy as hell as he kneels onto the floor, gazing at the toys lined up for him. He seems to waver between a very large black cone-shaped silicone dildo or a string of extremely big anal beads until his eyes settle on something that looks like some kind of hollow cuff made of corrugated black rubber.
The thrashing he receives is as severe as Sherlock had wanted it to be. John beats him until his whole back is stinging, paying special attention to the backs of his thighs and his delightfully round buttocks, which tremble slightly after every stroke. Sherlock is not wearing a cock ring but knows better than to rut against the mattress without being allowed to do so.
“Believe me, Sherlock, you want to be very clean when meeting Miss Adler. Otherwise she might get angry with you. And it will reflect badly on me if you don't meet her expectations. Everything you lack is my fault. Don't forget that.”
“You are from England, Mr Sacker?”
When John asks if Sherlock has a girl friend, the answer he gets is “Not really my area” and a very pointed look. John's smile broadens.
“I bet you are dying to come.” John's smile is almost cruel. Sherlock makes a consenting sound around his cock that has John twitch in his mouth. “Well, tough luck, slut. Not for a while, I'm afraid.”
Sherlock sobs. He cries. He begs – but not for less, for more. Greg shoots John an amazed glance as he delivers yet another ten thrashes for good measure on Sherlock's already red arse. After a few more strokes, however, Greg's arm starts to hurt.
“I doubt this is within your authority. Who do you think you are?” Sherlock teases.
“I'll need help with this.” Sherlock says, holding up the rubber lingerie.
“Did anyone see this mysterious third person leave?” Sherlock enquires matter-of-factly, trying to get back to business. Accusations won't lead them anywhere.
“I said, put it down.” John walks over to the bed as Sherlock raises his eyes to his face. He looks almost pleading as he stretches out the hand and offers the gun to John.
John's head jerks up.
“Yes... what?” That honeyed tone again, while the hand between his legs slowly unbuttons Sherlock's fly.
Sherlock is called on a case and discovers some disturbing facts. Beware, this is rather dark and brutal. Mentions of child sex trafficking (not Sherlock or John related, though). This chapter also got quite plotty-ish. If that's not your cup of tea, just skip the first part.
John is aware how tense Sherlock is when they get back to Baker Street. He's already powering up his laptop when John walks through the door mere five seconds behind him. He didn't even take the time to shed his Belstaff.
The pig whines and bucks before he climaxes as well, more come splattering onto the tiles. He's prolapsing, his bright red rose beautifully creamy white and wet.
John shifts his steady gaze over to the woman's face. “Yes.” He says, staring her down.
“How many do you think are there? Lets find out, shall we.”
“Yes, John.”
“That'll be the press.” He explains.
To ascertain his position, John kicks Sherlock in the stomach once, twice, watching as the thin body on the floor curls into itself. Sherlock slings his arms tighter around his midriff and coughs. His eyes are closed. There's blood dripping from his mouth. It starts to look like a crime scene.
The cramps almost start immediately.
Sherlock can smell him and his mouth waters. He pushes in deeper, almost dislocating his shoulder.
If he'd known that Sherlock would never return to 221b Baker Street, he surely would have acted differently. But as of yet, John has no idea that this day will end in the ultimate catastrophe.
“Fine!”
Nearly a minute passes.
(See the end of the chapter for
When the bath is ready, John helps Sherlock get up and guides him slowly over to the bathroom. Mycroft assists in lowering the abused body in the large tub. Sherlock hisses as he sits down, and takes his time to tentatively stretch out. His whole body hurts, the skin broken, bruised, the muscles epitonic and stiff from the strenuous fucking and beating. As John takes a soft sponge to carefully soap Sherlock’s battered back, Mycroft leaves the bathroom, only to return after a moment with two whiskies and another robe, this one made of green silk.
John can't help it, he smiles a little as he strides back over to Sherlock. He takes the abandoned glass plug and squeezes some lube on it before handing it over to Sherlock. “Well, then, put that back inside you.”
Sherlock had begun. Rather circumspect, as if to test the waters, he'd told John that he found the idea of piss play extremely arousing. As a chemist, he could ensure John that urine usually was mostly sterile, and, especially if the person emanating it had been drinking a lot, almost tasteless.
Sherlock licks his lips before answering in a low, pleading voice: “Yes, fuck me, John. Please. It's been so long.”
Sally quickly picks up her pants and dress but then glances over towards the two men who still embrace one another. Sherlock's head rests back on John's shoulder, his face flushed, eyes bright and burning.
“If Mycroft called he'd be a real pain in the ass, then.”
“Have you been like this all day? Lounging around the flat in nothing but your slutty dressing gown like the lazy twat you are?” John's voice is cold and rough. Sherlock tries to sit up on the sofa, too astonished to answer, but suddenly there's John's fist in his hair and he's jerked up and then pushed down onto the floor. He lands on his left hip and tries to scramble into a kneeling position but John has grabbed his right wrist and now twists his arm onto his back to throw Sherlock face first onto the carpet. A knee is placed between Sherlock's shoulder blades as he's pinned down beneath John, unable to move but for a slight wriggle. John yanks his arm up even higher and Sherlock hisses as sharp white pain shoots through his body. His head is jerked brutally up by his curls again as John tells him quite matter-of-factly: “We do this my way or not at all. I do with you whatever I want, and you'll take it. Otherwise we'll stop right here and never mention what happened. Do you understand me?”
“Get my cock out, Sherlock. Let's see how much she can take.” Kate whimpers and licks her lips as Sherlock's dexterous fingers pull down John's zip and fumble with his underwear until his large cock springs free. Irene hast stopped playing with the toy up his arse and has moved her hand to cup and squeeze his balls instead. It's rather painful.
“Can I have a spoon, please?” Sherlock asks after a while because his fingers are getting too slippery to wring the last drops from the latex.
“Shush, it's ok.” John is suddenly back, squatting down next to Sherlock's face, brushing his damp hair from his brow. “Here, this will help.”
When John unties the leash from the desk leg and tells Sherlock to lie down on his back, Sherlock almost melts onto the floor, hands stretched out above his head. John keeps the leash in one fist as he squats over Sherlock's face, his feet on either side of Sherlock's head as he lowers his arse right onto Sherlock’s waiting mouth.
“You shut it, fucktoy. Who comes inside you is none of your business. You are just a hole. Repeat it: I am just a hole.”
He leaves the flat half an hour later, dressed in dark jeans, trainers and a dirty hoodie. He'll spend the night on the streets with various members of his homeless network, but promised to call John every hour on the dot. And, much to his own surprise, he keeps his word.
-----------
Sherlock struggles in his bounds. His skin burns from the stings and he has trouble concentrating. The thorns feel longish. He takes a few deep breaths and suddenly it hits him. There's a sour smell in the air, almost like... semen? But John didn't come, and neither did he. Ah, clever, very clever...
John's not sure if Sherlock is being cynical or just tired. “It's about time, don't you think?” He says, ignoring whatever warning Sherlock tries to convey.
“I have a very special surprise for you at the flat.” John whispers into his ear as they sit in the cab, and the shiver running down Sherlock's spine has nothing to do with being cold.
“Just because I won't beat and fuck you doesn't mean I can't show you your place, Sherlock. There are many other ways to give you what you need.”
“You are still way too eloquent.” John chuckles as he pushes the ice cube over the swell of Sherlock's arse and between his cheeks. Sherlock sucks in a sharp breath as the cold hits his tight pucker. “Spread your legs a little.”
Sherlock starts to loose time, mercifully sinking more and more frequently into numb darkness. He’s only pulled back to the surface when sharp pain shoots through his body as a result of a truly vicious attack. The burns, for example, are hard to ignore. He is told to spread his legs, lying on his back, allowing for the glowing cigar ends to be pressed against his most delicate skin. They ask him if he likes it, if he wants more, and he nods, spreading his legs wider.
As far as I can tell, the next chapter will once again be porny porn...
He can feel Sherlock's breath ghosting over his rib cage, fine curls tickling at his side, and instinctively knows that Sherlock is looking at him in the darkness.
“You said our papers were in order.”
Sherlock being Sherlock, he indulges into bondage; perhaps a bit too much for John's liking. He's about to teach him a lesson.
“Mycroft, this is really not...”
So, after a while, John had abandoned the Tequila, made himself a coffee and had sat in his chair, thinking. When the sun had started to rise, he'd not even bothered to pack a bag, just showered, changed and left the flat. He'd walked along Marylebone and Euston Road until he'd reached St Pancras station to board the next Eurostar. At Gare du Nord, he'd taken another train to Amsterdam, where he'd arrived at three in the afternoon, wandering the streets until it had been time for his appointment.
Mycroft whacks Sherlock erratically, not minding or caring where the tawse lands – back, shoulders, arms, even Sherlock's neck and face – he just deals blow after blow in sync with his thrusts. Sherlock can't scream anymore, he just groans and whimpers, not wanting his brother to stop. As a fierce stroke splits his lip, he tastes blood.
“Don't move. Just feed yourself my come. I'll take care of you.” John gently tugs and swears that he can feel Sherlock's cock outright pulsating in his palm.
“You are crying.”
“Why?” He asks, trying to smile seductively.
But he's cut short when John's free hand presses firmly down on the small of his back, squeezing. Sherlock is mortified when he feels the first spurt of piss splutter from his penis. He tries to hold it in, but once the floodgates have opened, there's no holding back. Despite his futile efforts to clench his muscles, more piss flows form his urethra. It's no use. He's helplessly pissing himself in front of his brother, surrendering to the humiliation. Accepting what is made of him finally allows him to relax, and he just let's it all out, a hot stream of piss running down his legs and over his feet, soaking the expensive carpet. He might be crying, he's not sure, for he's almost too far gone to realise what is happening to him anymore.
