He curled in on himself, forsaking all of his lessons on proper posture, and grabbed a handful of his secondaries, stroking along the shaft of the feathers in an attempt to calm himself. God above, this was going to be a mess and there wasn’t anything he could do to stop it. The contracts were signed and he was going to have to go through with his half of the arrangement.
Cas just squinted at him in a way that made his opinion on that matter very clear before he went back to his paper.
“Morbid curiosity? I don’t know, why do you watch all of those serial killer documentaries? Should I be worried about
They panted into each other's mouths, tongues tangling, and Cas shuffled backwards, pulling Dean along to the couch. He sat first, pulling Dean on top of him, and they settled into the loveseat together. They were sticky and damp with sweat, but neither cared as they clung to each other, both coming down from their high. He could sleep there, Dean thought, with Cas’s hand in his hair and his head pillowed on his chest. And god, he was tired enough to do it. He had never been one to fall asleep after sex, but with Cas’s heartbeat playing in Dean’s ear and the warmth of his chest keeping Dean comfortable, it was a close thing.
Dean watched in awe as Cas thumped the baby’s back, Jack sitting there contentedly as Cas worked. A tiny burp left Jack’s mouth after half a dozen thumps and Cas paused, turning a triumphant expression to Dean. “You try.”
When Friday finally rolled around, Cas was debating whether or not he should call the police. If he didn’t call the police, and the man ended up murdering someone, how would he feel about that? And if the police came knocking and he told them he suspected something all along, there was no telling what they would do to him. Would he get arrested? Would they think he was an accomplice?
know how to find him. Tell me, Cas… Do you know any angels with dark hair and blue eyes? If you led garrisons, you might have met him, commanded him even. There can’t be a lot of angels with, um…” Dean trailed off, a small frown creasing his forehead. “...naturally dark wings like yours.”
Jack allowed him to wrench off the spark plugs and put two of them back on before he lost his mind. It started like it did before, a few grunts and his chubby little arms pushing at whatever part of Dean they could reach, then it escalated to full-blown tears and wails. Dean shushed and carded his fingers through Jack’s soft hair, tried stroking his face from forehead to the tip of his nose which always seemed to work for Cas, and even hummed a tune and bounced him, but Jack’s crying only got louder.
When Michael suggested expanding the family, Cas didn't see it for what it was: an attempt to fix their relationship. He’d told many of his friends that a child never fixed a problem relationship, but that wasn't what they were doing. They didn’t have a problem relationship; they were just hitting a rough patch like every other couple did. They weren’t trying to glue themselves back together, they were fine.
It was too late to back out. The contract was signed, and Castiel was being sent to Winchester within the week, leaving him barely enough time to get his affairs in order and pack his things. Half of the items he was bringing weren't even his. New clothes, new jewels, and a silver circlet he hadn’t worn since he was a young teen.
“A little argument?” Cas repeated. Shaking his head, he pulled out his phone and opened his e-reading app. “Look at this quote on page one-hundred and thirty-four—” he showed the bookmarked quote to Dean. “David insults his intelligence, which we know is a soft spot for him because of his abusive father, and tells him to get lost. Seems pretty cut and dry to me. Canonically speaking, Adam is the type of man to hold a grudge. I don’t think he would let David off so easily.”
Cas couldn’t help the way his cheeks lit up in a blush under the man’s gaze. “Castiel. It's nice to meet you.”
He spotted his very confused looking brother on the sidelines, and made his way over. Balthazar looked just as confused as Cas did. “What happened? I thought you two were getting along.”
He gaped at her. “You think the fact that he was looking up tips on how to get away with murder is, what… completely fine?”
When Winchester castle finally came into view, towering high above the surrounding city, Castiel had calmed and his anxiety was replaced with curiosity. It didn’t look too dissimilar to his own kingdom, despite how Zachariah described it. The city was surrounded by a tall wall, easily defensible to his trained eye. As they neared, the thick gate was opened and men on horseback rode out to meet them, surrounding their carriage and leading them through.
Castiel was back a minute later, bag of water in hand. The clear plastic had cartoon stingrays printed all over with smiles on their little faces. He held it up and gestured to Dean’s foot. “Can I help you with this, or would you prefer your brother?”
Dean smirked as he glanced down at Cas, his face and chest flushed from the intensity of what he was feeling. “Fuck, look at you… I—” he cried out and dropped his head forward as his ass finally reached Cas’s hips. Dean took a moment to adjust, so Cas ran his hands up his husband’s sides, letting his calloused fingers brush against his sensitive skin. His wings joined in on the gentle exploration, brushing their feathered tips down his back until Dean felt like he was being touched nearly everywhere by Castiel.
And fuck, he stopped being Professor Novak ages ago, and now it was just Cas with his damn argyle socks and perpetual bedhead, and he was fucking the life out of Dean. A foot nudged his legs wider, and suddenly the angle changed. Dean knew he’d never be able to come on Cas’s cock alone, but it was becoming a close thing.
“He hardly needed to wear me down. Once I started thinking about food my decision was already made.”
“Hello, Dean,” he tried, testing the name. Castiel found he liked the way Dean’s name felt on his tongue.
Though Dean would never admit it, Sammy was usually right. He was right about Dean’s short-lived mustache—it really
He nodded against the desk, panting and fogging up the glossy wood. “Sorry, Professor. I’ll be quiet.”
Watching people come and go from the room but being forced to remain outside was torture, but soon they were led inside by a helpful nurse.
He let out a deep breath and gave the empty hallway a cursory glance before pressing his ear to the door.
He tuned out their sappy banter and focused on getting out of the park through the crowds of people. They walked quickly, worried that they’d miss their reservation if they didn’t pick up their pace. They pulled out their employee IDs and got into California Adventure no problem and made it to Lamplight Lounge in record time, practically running across the bridge before stopping in front of the restaurant to catch their breath.
“Hewwo, widdle Jacky wacky.” She cooed, and Dean had to hold back his laugh. “He’s so cute! Cutie wootie.”
but he was a man of routine and everyday he woke up to have the same breakfast, went to work in the same two suits and ties, and did the same boring repetitive work crunching numbers and approving budgets.
Sam widened his eyes, activating his puppy dog face. “Don’t get started, Dean. Leave the poor guy alone.”
His heart dropped. It seemed like he had his answer, then. Cas thought things had gone as well as they usually did, but Balthazar must have seen the interaction for what it was. Hands back on the steering wheel, he glared at the road.
Charlie was right. How could he expect to be hired onto a movie set if he wasn’t willing to get his hands dirty? How could he complain about not having a job if he refused one that was ripe for the picking?
“He’s a baby,” Cas told Dean from his place at the breakfast nook. He nursed a steaming cup of coffee and held the morning paper rigidly in front of himself while their children picked at their breakfast. “He can’t help you.”
He had known from a young age that an arranged marriage was the only way he’d ever find someone to marry, and it was something that he simply accepted as a member of the royal family. Now that his time had come, he could only hope that the poor soul knew what was coming.
With slow, careful movements, Dean pushed his hips forward, his cock nudging at Cas’s hole until it finally began to give. Cas’s entrance burned as it resisted the intrusion, but once the head popped past his rim, it eased and as Dean’s cock brushed past his prostate, the pain mingled with hints of pleasure. When Dean’s hips were finally flush with Cas’s ass, he paused to take a deep breath, in through his nose and out through his mouth in an obvious attempt to calm his body.
“Yeah, at least we only have the feast left. I heard Elieen, our head baker, made her apple turnovers. It’s not pie, but it’s almost just as good. One of these days I’ll have to take you down to the city and let you try Jody’s apple pie. I guarantee it’ll beat anything you’ve tried at home.”
He sent a few texts to Cas throughout the day, called to wish him a happy anniversary, and told him ‘I love you’ about a million times, but it wasn’t the same. Maybe tonight they’d still be able to have some celebratory anniversary sex, but it wasn’t looking likely what with Cas’s inevitable stack of quizzes to grade. Oh well, they’d order some pizza, watch a movie, and then on
to be dreaming. He opened his mouth to make a comment that would surely get him kicked out of the room, but Commander Naomi wasn’t done. “When he was called to this godforsaken palace, I assumed he’d be back within the week. When is he coming back? And so help me God, if your answer isn’t
They already had some hurdles in front of them. Cas and Dean lived in different states. They had friends, family, and coworkers that would miss them if they left.
Anna elbowed him in the side every time she passed, wiggling her eyebrows suggestively before glancing the man’s way. Blessedly, he had been busy when the man had left at the end of the day, and Anna never got a chance to embarrass him further. Cas felt lighter without him there, like his presence had been a weight on his shoulders. Yes, he was incredibly attractive and had an amazing physique. Yes, he was reading law texts and writing some kind of paper so he was obviously very smart… but he didn’t know the man, and he didn’t appreciate his sister teasing him nearly the whole time he had been there.
Cas tried his hardest to keep his attention on the woman, afraid that if he looked into the man’s green eyes one more time, he’d never be able to look away, but it was a monumental task. In the back of his mind, he was aware Charlie was talking to him about her business, but he was too focused on watching the man out of the corner of his eye. It wasn’t until he accepted a few business cards from her, that the man opened his mouth.
He thought back to the way he treated everyone else. The obvious sexist comments, the over the top winks and posing, the smug way he spoke. Then he thought of the blushes Dean would send his way when Cas cocked an annoyed eyebrow at him, or the way he would sometimes hold his breath when he adjusted the costume on his body, and the way he’d stumble over his words when he spoke. ‘
Sam rolled his eyes and gave him a look, but did as he was told and began the process of packing the towels and Dean’s fishing supplies. Dean turned back to Castiel and tried to smile through the lingering pain. “Sorry about him.”
He had Claire sit on the couch, tucking her into the corner with her legs out straight. Cas put a pillow at each of her elbows and gestured for the baby, taking him carefully from Dean and draping him over Claire’s lap. His head and legs were supported mostly by the pillows, but Claire didn’t seem to notice as she gazed at his face in awe.
With a nod, he too left and joined the rest of the servants in the hall. He could hear their confused words even after they closed the thick door, none having a clue that he could still pick up their chatter. Humans who hadn’t served in the military often underestimated the senses of angels.
Never in a million years would he forget the moment his eyes met Dean’s for the first time. He had never once felt self-conscious at a reenacting event, not even when his navy group convinced him to let them press-gang him in front of a crowd and dragged him back to camp kicking and yelling. Not even when he got into screaming matches with his fellow reenactors about taxation while onlookers filmed. But one day out of nowhere, Claire barreled into his legs and whispered into his ear about the man that waved to her, and suddenly he was staring into the eyes of the most handsome man he’d ever met while wearing dirty, soot-stained breeches and a sweat-soaked shirt and vest that smelled like campfire and meat. He was a mess, and hardly fit to interact with the public, but without meaning to, he found himself abandoning the fire and making his way towards the man with the green eyes, holding his daughter securely in his arms.
“I’m well,” he answered, reaching again to grab whichever card was on top. “$4.15?” he repeated back in an attempt to draw out the interaction.
Cas glanced down at his dark wash jeans, worn brown boots, and a hand-me-down graphic T-shirt. A few days ago, he would have assumed Dean was making fun of him, but now… “Thank you. You look nice as well.”
They locked eyes; Dean was the first to move. With a firm grip, Dean ran the tight channel of his fist over Cas’s cock, and he let out a gasp as his knees suddenly felt weak. His gasp turned into a moan as Dean quickly picked up the pace.
He gulped and tried again, freeing the baby from the blanket and scooping him up before cradling him to his chest. It took a moment to get things feeling right, but with the baby’s warm body cradled to his and his tiny hands pressed into his skin, Dean’s nerves were replaced by a rush of awe.
After the first wave of family and friends had come through with their congratulations, she was finally able to breathe and cuddle with her child, uninterrupted by even her husband who had fallen asleep in the armchair by the window. She was anxious over the new responsibility, but most of all, she wanted—no, needed—to know if Dean would have a soulmate.
“You know what he looks like, right? I can take you to the portrait gallery if you want. He’s already in his room for the night, so you won't risk running into him.”
“I’m not snooping,” he muttered, although he knew that was exactly what he had been doing. The library
Ashley hung back, staying at the door and looking at them with a smile. “I’ll be right outside this door. Please don’t hesitate to call me if you need anything.”
He could hear his brother shifting in an attempt to get comfortable. Castiel didn’t mind the cramped carriage—how could he when he was used to sleeping on cots in the forest, with only a canvas tent for shelter? A small carriage was
to know who it was. His mom helped him jot down every single detail of the sightings he could tell her in the hope of eventually having enough clues to find them, and he eventually took over the task himself. Dean had a stack of notebooks spanning from the age of eight to the present. Unfortunately, his soulmate was probably the most boring man in the world.
They lapsed into silence, completely comfortable squished together on the too-small couch. Something niggled at the back of his mind, something important, but it remained out of reach. He shook his head, deciding it must not have been that important after all, and went back to basking in the warmth of Cas’s arms. It was so rare that they could just cuddle like this in peace and quiet, uninterrupted by their responsibilities. Everything was so—
Working at Disneyland was something Castiel never considered as an option. He always wanted to be a costume designer—movies, television, Broadway, it didn’t matter. He aspired to create outfits that would inspire imaginations, the kind of costumes that people would write entire articles and blog posts about, trying their hardest to recreate the outfits for themselves. He wanted to spend his whole life with the feeling of fabric slipping through his fingers, the weight of scissors in his palm, and the pedal of a sewing machine under his foot. Unfortunately, no one would hire someone based on one measly degree and plenty of passion. He needed experience, and there were few places offering to hire him based on his scant portfolio alone.
“—used your wings to block the blow. If you hadn’t been there, I’d be dead. You must let me repay you.”
Between one second and the next, the fingers pulled out and the hand around his cock disappeared. Cas cried out at the loss, but Dean didn’t leave him empty for too long. Within seconds, the blunt head of Dean’s cock was at his entrance and Dean’s hands were on his thighs, pushing them up even further to make more room for his narrow hips.
Cas groaned in reply. He was so close he felt like he was going to explode, and he could see the beginnings of his grace seeping into his vision. As the glow grew stronger, Dean face was lit with the power of it and the man watched Cas with wonder. Suddenly, he was there, with one last thrust of Dean’s cock against his prostate, he clamped his eyes closed and tightened his hold on Dean’s hips, spilling over his chest. Dean cursed above him, a muffled chant of “Fuck, fuck, fuck,” in his ears as his ass spasmed around Dean’s cock. He stilled seconds later, after managing only a few more thrusts, and Cas could feel the twitch of Dean’s cock in his ass as he spilled deep within him.
Cas’s head shot up, blue eyes peeking over the counter he was currently crouched behind. The stack of papers he had been sorting through fluttered to the floor, pulling a laugh out of Anna. He ignored her, and his eyes immediately zeroed in on the handsome man making his way towards the library's computers. Once he was sure the man wouldn’t turn around and spot him, he rose to full height and moved to stand beside Anna. “He’s late today.”
“Tuesday is fine.” He rushed out with no intention of checking his calendar. If he had to call off of work, so be it. Nothing mattered but meeting with this woman. Cas waved his hand in front of Dean’s face, getting his attention. With exaggerated movements, Cas mouthed the same words Dean had been thinking. ‘
Dean reached out tentatively, giving Cas all the time in the world to stop him, but Cas pushed his hips forward instead, granting Dean all the permission he needed to close that last bit of distance and run the tip of his finger down the length. Cas let out a long breath at the contact and Dean smirked at him. Encouraged by Cas’s reaction, he took the elastic and pulled it over Cas’s dick, freeing him from its confines. Not wanting to be the only one exposed, Cas reached across the divide and worked to get Dean into a similar state of undress. When he finally got his pants open and was able to pull the briefs down, Dean’s cock sprang free. It was long and thick, not too different from Cas’s, and his mouth watered the longer he stared. He forced himself to look away before he did something embarrassing like ask to suck his cock.
Finally he was done, and without prompting, Dean walked himself to Charlie’s station so he could get his black wig glued on.
Dean wished he had been born in the afternoon, at least then he might be able to find out where his soulmate worked. But no, Dean was stuck with seven forty-two in the goddamn morning, and
Castiel looked at his brother, already feeling the need to defend a man he’s never met. “I prefer muted colors as well.”
By the time they were both on their backs under Baby and watching oil stream into the oil pan, the guilt was weighing him down. She was having a hell of a time, making whooshing sounds as the dark oil continued to flow and poking at Baby’s undercarriage, covering her hands in grease and grime. He couldn’t help but think about how she asked to help this morning and he had said
Cas’s strong hand gripped his and dragged it up his thigh to cover his crotch. His dick was half-hard against his palm, and Dean let out a relieved breath. Cas’s narrow-eyed gaze was intense as he looked down at him. “I’m giving you one chance. Show me that you deserve it, and I might just let you leave my office with a B.”
“But how do you know? And if he does kill someone, am I responsible for it? Can they trace this back to me? If he’s being so obvious here, at a public library, how obvious is he being elsewhere? What if he’s leaving a trail a mile wide—”
“Don't ask stupid questions.” And before he could think about it, he grabbed the front of Dean’s coat and pulled him into a soft kiss. “Let's go.”
He scrambled to comply, standing up and laying his torso across the desk, hoping Cas approved of the curve of his ass. He could feel Cas behind him, watching, assessing. Socked feet shuffled closer, and Dean jumped at the sensation of a hand cupping his ass. His jeans were rough against Cas’s fingers, making an audible rasp in the quiet office as he traced the shape of his ass. He shifted his feet further apart and arched his back for him, and to his delight, Cas hummed in appreciation.
Once he was done, it was finally time to get dressed. He donned his nicest suit, a muted blue with tastefully embroidered oak branches and calla lilies, and slipped into his buckled shoes. Balthazar had rolled his eyes when he first picked the set out, but if he was going to be smothered in a thick fur-lined robe for the entire wedding ceremony, then he was going to be as comfortable as possible.
“He’s not going to kill someone. Don’t you think I would have called them first if I thought he was a killer?”
Dean was back to his own body, and already his heart was racing. He whirled around in his seat, looking at the oncoming cars. If his soulmate just passed the smudge, that meant he had a little less than a minute before his car would pass the Target sign. Dean threw his car in drive and craned his neck to watch the cars driving past him.
“Perhaps it was because you were his boss? He was waiting for you to ask him.” Balthazar shook his head in exasperation. “For someone so smart, you can be awfully dense. Have you engaged in this
Dean laughed. “Thank god. I didn’t want to use my shirt. How about we clean up and get out of here. This place is starting to give me the creeps.”
His soulmate gestured to his car. “And why is that? You didn’t rear-end me, nor is there anything wrong with my car. If there was, there are better ways to relay that information.”
Fuck, he needed to undo a button or something. “I really tried, Sir. Am… am I going to be able to pass your class?”
“I was crying, and everything was fuzzy, and a woman was looking at me and I couldn’t control my body—” Castiel’s words were choked off by another sob, and buried his face.
The song drew to a close, and another started. With more couples now on the dance floor, they had to press even closer. “I led two garrisons, and as a commander, sat in on council meetings with your generals. I helped strategize and manage the troops, delegating where they went and when, coordinated supply caravans, and interrogations.”
Dean shrugged. “I didn’t want to freak you out, and I just kind of hoped you’d ask me about adoption at some point. I know we’ve been married for less than a year, but I was getting tired of waiting.”
“Absolutely not. Anyone who says that simply doesn’t have taste. I know Winchester received some criticism for this book, mainly from people who were upset he’s straying away from paranormal fiction, but I thought it was amazing.”
“Kind of? There's a short waiting period before we can take him home, but yes.” Cas looked at him, blue eyes shining. “Congratulations.”
“Who packed these for you, the stable boy?” Balthazar held a knotted blue ribbon an inch from his eyes, attempting to work out the knot. “It’s so hard to find good help these days.”
His head felt heavy as he picked up the last present, his vision swimming just enough that he had to squint in order to read the writing. “King Bidgood’s in the Bathtub? Sounds kinky.”
With a defeated sigh, he placed Jack onto the kitchen floor and sat at the breakfast nook with his head in his hands. He should have known things weren’t going to work out. Jack was only 11 months old, not even old enough to be walking, and Dean could laugh at himself for thinking Jack would sit quietly in his carrier for the hour it took to do the tune-up. Cas was right, he
“Yeah! We’re invading Saturn! You can be the blue robot!” She thrust a clump of Legos at her brother. “This one can fly.”
Balthazar prattled on for his entire bath, eating Castiel’s breakfast and busying himself with getting the ceremonial robe and wing accessories ready for him, never once addressing him directly. The few servants remaining eyed Balthazar nervously, and Castiel wanted to laugh at them. Out of all his brothers, Balthazar was the
He pulled away long enough to lock eyes with Cas. “You better do it again.” And then he spun around and braced himself against the desk. “That all you got, Professor Novak?”
Cas’s eyes widened and he froze to the spot, his face turning a shade of red he hadn’t thought possible. Cas’s reply was nothing more than a shuddery exhale. Never before had such a handsome man, or
Castiel took a step towards his husband, and the man seemed pleased that he had managed to pull himself together. “I must admit that I didn’t expect to end the day married.”
Dean threw his arm around Cas’s shoulder, sending a few of his gifts teetering in his grip. “Trust me, this is a good thing.”
“I don’t agree, but I’ll promise you this: if Prince Dean even looks at you wrong, I’ll kick his ass.”
He didn’t know what to expect, but warm smiles and handshakes weren’t it. Even in the palace, his father expected people to grovel before him, kissing his feet and bruising their knees in an attempt to hit the floor the fastest. Their low bows always bothered him, and the easy comradery of the military was like a breath of fresh air in comparison. Here, Dean easily walked up to the nearest stall and chatted with the red-cheeked woman selling freshly picked berries and jars of preserves. Castiel waited on the sidelines, guarded by both Gordon and Adam, and getting odd looks from those who walked by.
Her eyes narrowed into slits. “When. Can I. Expect. His return? I have far too much riding on his plans for him to not oversee them.”
He turned to him and handed the man his card, getting a good look at his nametag in the process. “Hannah?”
Dean pursed his lips at the reminder that Cas had rearranged the garage, messing up his organization system, to clear a few shelves for his stuff. It was an old grievance, and he once again pushed it to the back of his head. “Yeah, well we can talk about that later.”
“I see your time in the military has undone every lesson on etiquette you’ve had. When you marry your
Cas smiled at the image. “That doesn’t sound like a passing thought, Dean. This sounds like something you really want.”
Dean’s smile matched Cas’s as he pulled into his empty driveway and put the car in park. Cas rattled off his number and got out of the car, ready to say goodbye, when he was stopped by Dean. “I’ll text you tonight. Maybe we can get some coffee and talk about the book.”
“Please keep your—” he glanced at Dean, ignoring Sam. “—friend company while I get the necessary supplies.”
The man’s brow creased, and he immediately felt like an idiot. That feeling rolled through him until the man stuck his head out of the window and tilted it towards the sky, the sunshine lighting his face and turning his skin golden. Castiel couldn’t help but stare. “Huh. I guess it is…” He shimmied back into the window and gave Cas a beautiful smile, looking him over before handing him his change. “I’ve been here since before the sun was up, so I hadn’t noticed. Thanks, man.”
recognize as his soulmate was one of his dumbest ideas yet. What if someone else had the same car? What if he was wrong about the make and model? “Why can't you just take out a personal ad in the paper? That’s what most sane people do!” Charlie was much more supportive. If his plan didn’t pan out, she would work her magic and print him out a list of all Lincoln Continentals owned within the entire state, and well… he supposed he could just visit every single one of them until he found his soulmate. If that didn’t work, he’d just resign himself to being alone forever.
Castiel stood and turned to regard Sam. “Please don’t pee on him. I’ll have to remove you from the beach if you do.”
Cas was thoughtful as they paused for a moment to catch their breath, already halfway up the steps. Dean was already amazed at Cas’s strength, his attraction to the man ratcheting that much higher. “Yes, I do.”
He silenced his husband with a kiss and Cas was just drunk enough to go with it. He tasted like the hot cocoa he had just finished, and that only egged Dean on. They stumbled to the couch and collapsed onto it, Cas grunting as Dean’s full weight landed on him. He tried to lift himself so Cas could suck in a breath, but his knee slipped on the edge of the couch and he crashed to the floor. Dean laid there dazed for a moment,  until his head stopped spinning (mostly) and he could hear his husband’s loud laughter.
his color. I know humans seem to think flashy colors make them more intimidating, but to me, he looked like a tropical fish trying to attract a mate. I pity you, Cassie. I’ve seen your fiancé. While his father leans towards garish, Prince Dean seems to prefer to look like he just rolled around in the mud. How a man could wear so much brown is beyond me.”
, Dean couldn’t keep his hands off those wings. So soft and warm, the perfect blanket to cover him and keep off the chill of night. The perfect handhold while fucking Cas, or being fucked by him. Dean wasn’t picky.
“That must be nice.” He shifted his wings and watched as Sam's eyes followed them. Castiel was tempted to tuck them into his back, but he forced himself to relax instead.
Remembering his promise not to disrobe Cas, Dean went for his buckle and slid it open while he continued to tease Cas’s tongue with his own. When his pants were open, he spent a brief moment contemplating how much he could get away with. Would Cas let him push his pants and boxers down to his ankles, or would that be considered ‘too far’? Not wanting to end the party before it even started, he decided it wasn’t worth the risk. There was a lot he could do with just an open fly, and with time ticking, he got down to business.
He’d been up since five, worrying about the possibility of not finding his soulmate. His mind knew that if things didn’t work out today, he could take another shot at it tomorrow, and the next day, and the next day. He had the whole week off, so he had plenty of time. It wasn’t much, but any chance was better than no chance. Right? It would be hard, and it would probably take some time, but it was worth it.
Cas was saved from replying by the faintest sound of an infant's cry. They both froze, staring at the door in nervous anticipation. The sound came again, this time louder and angrier. Dean sagged into his husband in relief. “Fuck, did we just become dads again?”
Dean frowned and glanced back to where he had left him when he and Charlie had wandered off, but Cas was long gone. He spun, eyes frantically seeking Cas out and eventually landed on a large crowd of recruits. He took off at a jog, cursing in his head the entire way. He shouldn’t have left him alone, but Charlie had made it clear that she had some important business to discuss with him, and he hadn’t known that that information was going to be followed by a long-winded rant.
“Perhaps.” But he wasn’t convinced. Sam had said that they were unable to find anything about him in their hall of records, not even of his service. There had to be another reason, but it was beyond his comprehension.
“It took a little longer than expected, but we did. He wasn't exactly hiding, so once we found who his commander was it was only a matter of time before we traced him back to the palace and wrote King Zachariah a letter about the match. You think we don’t have spies everywhere, Dean? You should be happy.”
“Oh, god… that hits the spot.” He set his mug down and grabbed the boardgames. “Were we addressing this one to ‘the family’?”
Cas tapped his finger to his temple. “I’ve dealt with the law section ever since I got this job. I know it like the back of my hand.”
When his alarm went off this particular morning he whacked it, as usual, sending it straight to snooze. Except, it
“Why do you have a different name tag every day?” he asked, blunt as ever. Balthazar constantly pleaded for him to learn to control his straightforward nature, but that was just how Castiel was. He’s been that way ever since he was a child and it was unlikely to change.
He turned to his husband, drawn from the confrontation with Claire by the phone call, and stared at him, wide-eyed with shock. “We’d love that.”
“Prince Samuel,” he breathed, shock clouding his features. He didn’t know much about King John and his two sons, but he did know their names, and while he and his brother didn’t share many features, they had the same smile. He offered a shallow bow. “Forgive me. I did not expect to be visited tonight. Please come in.”
Dean had never moved so fast at 6:30 in the morning. They were at the beach by 7 am, beating the heat and most of the crowd. It was a secluded cove, only accessible through a narrow set of stairs and barely large enough for one lifeguard tower, already occupied by a dark-haired man in the signature red shorts. He was too far away for Dean to get a good look at him, which was a damn shame. He’d have to head that way a little later, hopefully before the shift change. What could he say? Red trunks and tan skin did it for him.
“I’m trying to work my way through my stack of gift cards and thought you might want something as well,” he lied, hoping Balthazar wouldn’t question the free drink he was offering. In retrospect, he should have known better.
“Oh god.” Balthazar rolled his eyes so hard Cas thought they’d get stuck. “Yes you do. Remember Inias? You flirted with him constantly!”
That prompted Dean to finally look at him, their eyes meeting and holding for a few beats too long. “Thanks.”
Dean pushed himself to his knees and hurried to his spot before Cas could take it back, avoiding the cooling puddle of semen that was—thankfully—on Cas’s side of the bed. He’d take care of it later. Cas huffed, but stuck to his offer and pulled the comforter back over Dean and gave him a light kiss on his forehead. He only had about an hour until his alarm went off and he would have to get the kids up, and he probably wasn’t even going to fall asleep, but it felt really good to be taken care of by his husband. It reminded him of those cozy days when he stayed home from school and did nothing but laze in bed, get doted on by his mom, and eat soup.
Mary Winchester’s pregnancy had been an easy one. Unlike some of the other women she knew, Mary experienced no morning sickness, her feet didn’t swell, her skin didn’t break out, and luckiest of all, none of her hair fell out. There was bad heartburn to deal with, but if that was the worst she had to contend with, she wasn’t going to complain. Heartburn just meant her baby boy would have a full head of hair if the books were anything to go by.
“D. Winchester?” the man asked, his voice deep and smooth. Cas’s question appeared to throw him off if his frown was anything to go by. “The author?”
Cas’s hand flew up to cover his mouth, eyes widening in the same shock. “Speaker!” He hissed at Dean, gesturing to the phone.
She looked at the child, so quiet and peaceful in the comfort of Dean’s arms, and reached out. “Can I?”
“If you can't be quiet, you need to leave,” he growled out, pulling his finger free of Dean's tight heat. “Do you understand?”
“Careful, Dean,” Cas warned, sending shivers down his spine at the way he growled Dean’s name. “You wouldn’t want anyone overhearing you offering yourself to your professor like this, would you?”
“Of course I told him. I’m not an idiot. Can you just drive? The water is cooling and I don't want to have to tell Cas that it’s your fault my toe fell off.”
Dean must not have considered that even being an option because he stumbled over his feet. “What do you mean?”
He waved behind himself as he got up and started toward the kitchen. “It’ll be fine. Now, let's get this party started…”
“Yes?” he asked hesitantly. “Only if you want to, though. It's not like it’s a deal-breaker or anything.”
Actually… his eyes focused on the license plate and his hand grabbed his phone. With six letters and numbers stuck in his head, he dialed the non-emergency line and—
Cas froze. Dean had been planning on asking him out? Anna had been telling the truth when she said she caught Dean watching him too? He tried to push away the fact that up until fifteen minutes ago he was convinced this man would eventually murder someone, and attempted to undo the mental gymnastics he used to convince himself he wasn’t attracted to Dean. He was nice, and clearly very understanding. He was smart, if his career was any indicator, and his books were some of his favorites. He was extremely attractive, and the longer he looked into his eyes the less he cared that he had been using a public computer to look up questionable things. He’d dated people for less. “Why tomorrow?”
Cas smiled at him but continued digging through his dresser, choosing from the dozen argyle socks he possessed. “You made me late last Monday.”
Castiel bit his bottom lip, groaning at his words. He wanted to thrust his hips up, forcing his cock past Dean’s sinful lips and shutting him up. He settled for saying, “You talk too much.”
“It is fine,” he remarked, gesturing towards his breakfast nook. He set the mostly full plates aside and took a seat with his future brother-in-law. “It is only Prince Dean I can’t see in the few days leading up to the wedding. It’s tradition, you understand.”
He shook himself out of his daze and finally wrapped his hand around Dean’s cock in a slow and leisurely stroke. When he reached the tip, he tightened his hold and twisted before bringing it back down. Dean let out a high “Ah!” stroking Cas faster as the sound of their panting filled the quiet library. It felt dirty and all kinds of wrong to be doing this in his workplace, but the more he thought about it, the higher his arousal climbed. He closed his eyes, afraid that the sight of the books behind Dean would end things before they even got started.
With the prospect of good food on the horizon, his shift passed quickly. By the time the last character actor was out of his station and he was finally able to start cleaning his area, it was already six-thirty, and his stomach was rumbling with hunger. In just a half-hour, his friends and Dean would be able to head over to the neighboring park and wind down after a long day.
She paused for a moment. “Yes, I have a Dean Novak listed right here. I’m calling to let you know that there is a mother who is interested in your profile.”
He turned back to his own menu and started looking for a drink—virgin, because regardless of how the night went, he still had to drive himself home. Cas’s eyes landed on the Goofball Island and he smiled at the name. Decision made, he put his menu down and turned back to Dean, catching the man's eye just as he looked away.
It seemed like he wasn’t going to get off the hook so easily. “Aren’t there laws against you guys snooping?”
“Enchanté,” Dean murmured, finally releasing his hold on Cas’s hand. “Are you the one that’s doing me up?”
He scoffed. “Hell no. Flynn was my first pick, but Gaston gets to have more fun with the guests, so I’m not complaining. The prince’s scripts are too strict.”
“No, I’m pretty sure you’re supposed to pee on a ray sting. That’s what they say, right? It was in an episode of
The lights dimmed, signaling the imminent closing of the library. Dean cursed quietly. “I was hoping to finish this scene tonight.”
He crab-walked a few feet back but collapsed again in pain. It hurt too much to continue, and he couldn’t put any pressure on his foot without it feeling like it was going to break into a million pieces.
Dean recognized how cliché it was to say that great things come at the most unexpected times, but that didn’t make it any less true. He had been slogging his way through the day, changing oil, running smog checks, etc. The usual. What
He groaned in pain and rubbed at his eyes, hoping to get rid of any errant tears before the lifeguard came back. “I never wanted to know what a ten felt like.”
Cas chuckled and finally struggled to his feet, immediately going to stop Jack from tearing into the presents. “I was thinking omelets. Sound good to you?”
Cas’s happiness lasted five months before he came home from work to find Michael packing his things. He didn’t yell, or even attempt to argue as Michael steadfastly ignored his presence, just watched as his husband gathered his things and loaded them into his car.
She squinted once more before moving to grab his croissant. “I’ve been telling you for years, honey… breakfast is the most important meal of the day.”
Balthazar’s smile got impossibly wider. Little Cassie—his father's least favorite son, young Michael’s punching bag, Gabriel’s prank target, and the guy no angel would look twice at except to mock—was the Chief Strategist Zachariah had just
Once again, Dean put his hand over Cas’s mouth. Instead of licking his hand again, Cas cocked his eyebrow and grunted in annoyance.
twenty minutes, I can do whatever I want with them.” And to prove his point, he sucked Cas back down and went right back to stroking his own dick, moaning around his mouthful and sending vibrations down Cas’s shaft.
rigged. And most recently, he was right when he told Dean that it wasn’t unusual for a man in his thirties to still be on the search for his soulmate.
“Ok, please step over here, then.” He turned away from his smirking coworker and gestured to the other counter.
His heart sped up in his chest at the commanding tone in the man’s voice and the stubborn set to his shoulders. He was dead serious, Castiel realized. The beautiful man in front of him finally wanted to reveal his name, and Cas was almost too nervous to look. Despite his mental waffling, his eye slowly drifted down, past his cupid’s bow lips and stubbled chin, past the broad shoulders, and finally, to the tag clipped to the green apron.
He could do nothing but hold Cas in his mouth as he moaned around the length and gasped for breath. Cas let out a truly debauched moan at the sensation and took a few calming breaths. “You look so good on my dick.”
“Sam, would you please pull your car up to the stairs? The water wont stay warm for long, so we need to get him home as quickly as possible. I can help him to the car.”
He ignored his brother and let out another moan. The pain wasn’t gone, but it was the first time he felt the pain lessen since the sting. Forget kissing the lifeguard, he was going to marry the man.
“Why the hell didn’t you wake me up an hour ago, then? Let's get the fuck out of here!” He put his coffee down and sprung to his feet, letting the old quilt fall to the floor. “Can we grab breakfast burritos on the way?”
To his credit, Cas merely nodded in understanding. “Jack is more than welcome to join us. Isn’t that right, Claire?”
. He wanted to curse and throw something, but instead, he turned to Claire with an apologetic smile. “Claire Bear, do you want to help me with Baby? I can teach you how to do an oil change.”
She gave him a pat on the back. “If it makes you feel any better, I don’t think he’s realized this is a double date either. If there’s one thing he and Gaston have in common, it’s the thick skull.”
“I look forward to it.” He reached towards the register, picking up the cold brew that had been placed there by his coworker. “Here you go, sir. Have a nice day.”
He decided to throw him a bone. “It was, actually. No wardrobe malfunctions, so I’d say it was a success. How was yours?”
Cas nodded in thanks. When he told Anna he’d walk, he didn’t consider that his trench coat wouldn’t be enough to keep the chill away.
Dean couldn’t hold back his laugh at that. She said it with the same tone as if she was asking for a bag of popcorn at the movie theatre. Before he could snark out a reply that would probably just confuse her even more, Cas stepped in. “We’re going to be adopting a baby soon… hopefully. We’re waiting for a mommy to choose us. What do you think about that?”
“My older brother said you took out an entire squadron of demons, single-handed!” another man piped in.
He sighed and turned to Dean in an attempt to ignore his frustration, only to find his husband staring at him. “Dress casually. I don’t want to attract too much attention.”
“You did?” He flipped it around and turned it to face Dean. He leaned forward to peak, and surely enough, Dean’s name was written on top and the entire page was full of red marks. “It looks to me like you didn’t study at all. This seems to be a pattern with you if your grades are anything to go by.”
His heart beat in double time as those familiar green eyes met his for the first time. They were even better in person. While the artist had captured the shape and color, they had completely neglected the warmth. They weren’t a cool green at all, but a summer's green dotted with gold and brown. When he could finally drag his gaze away from Dean’s eyes, he was met with sunkissed skin. It was a shame that the artist failed to paint the constellation of freckles decorating his face. His father would call them an imperfection, but to Castiel, they were bewitching.
For instance, when he heard of a small human village under siege from a swarm of demons, he saw the importance of intervening before it was too late. Unfortunately, King John's hands were tied and could spare no men to save them. His commander refused to help without a formal request from King John, so it was Castiel alone that snuck out in the middle of the night to help. With only his two blades and the cover of darkness, he flew to the village, and in the predawn light he slaughtered the monsters, using his dark wings to cloak himself in the shadows and picking the demons off one by one. He left before the village could offer him thanks, not desiring even the smallest bit of attention for doing his duty as a prince and commander.
Dean found him in the bedroom, face down on the bed with his feet dangling off the edge. The fact that his loafers were still on his feet told Dean all he needed to know. He stood in the doorway for a moment, observing the distressed man. He hoped it wasn’t regret Cas was feeling.
He turned away from Cas to face his coworker, taking the sunshine of his smile with him. “Charlie, can you help with the line? I have my break in a minute.”
“Fashion, my dear Cassie. I know you’ve been away from the capital, but carriages are all the rage. Besides, it will put humans at ease. Can’t have a group of us flying in, they’ll think they’re under attack!”
“We used to go out for ice cream.” It wasn’t true at all, but he saw no harm in the white lie especially if it could get him some more time with his daughter. “Want to continue the tradition?”
Dean got out of the car to check things out, and sure enough, Cas had two fingers on the sleeping baby’s forehead pushing him into the car seat. He eased off just a little, and Jack’s head went forward, following Cas’s fingers. “Huh.”
“Shut up!” He hissed, craning his neck to watch Castiel disappear into his tower. “I’m already having a shit morning, so don’t ruin this for me! Castiel, was it? Fuck, he looks good in those shorts.”
Dean just smiled at him and gave him a little wave. Castiel didn’t say much as he held the bag open for Dean to slide his foot in. Once it was secured, he allowed the lifeguard to help him to his feet. With one arm thrown over the Cas’s sun-warm shoulders, they slowly made their way to the stairs.
“See Ellen over there?” He gestured to a woman looking around an herb stall. “She runs the tavern. Best meat pies you’ll ever have, and she doesn’t take anyone's shit.” He looked around some more until he found a thin man with a strange haircut. “That’s Ash, he works as a scribe.” He moved on to more and more people. A tall, gaunt man with dark hair who was their town doctor. Pamela, who ran the apothecary, the man who made candles, the cobbler, and the milliner. Dean knew the name of farmers, shopkeepers, cooks, and nearly all of the children they came across as they continued through the town. It was shocking that the Crown Prince was so connected to his people, but for Dean, it made sense.
They went through teething, potty training, scrapes, and bruises. He watched her demolish developmental milestones, and saw her develop a personality before his very eyes. He was happy with his lot in life, content with where he had landed, and then… he met Dean.
For the first time in days, he burst into laughter. Balthazar got back to grooming, muttering under his breath about annoying little brothers. When he was done, he picked up the box and started by pulling out the twelve ribbons, leaving the pearls for later. They were cobalt blue and matched his eyes. It was the only thing they had asked his opinion on, and he chose it to contrast the normal yellows and golds that were so flattering against a pair of white wings. With practiced hands, his brother wove them into his feathers, manipulating the ribbons to drape nicely across the arches and flares of his wings. By the time Balthazar was done trussing him up like a chicken, it was time to place his circlet.
With their last thirty minutes ticking on, Castiel began his closing duties. He checked his emails one last time, emptied the return box, reshelved the last of the books, and finally made his way to shut down the computers. He and Anna were always the last to leave, so the others were already grabbing their things and heading home. He’d lock up on their way out, as he always did, and drop Anna off at her house.
The lifeguard dropped to his knees next to Dean’s foot and set the bucket down. “Please help him sit up.”
He almost felt bad that he had goaded her into an argument, but he needed her to stop ribbing him about the handsome man. His attraction to him was something he’d been internally struggling with throughout the week, and if what she said was true—that the man had been watching him while he was working—then he was in more trouble than he thought.
Dean, Cas soon found out, was a talker. He maintained a constant flow of chatter throughout the first two courses, only requiring a few words from Cas through it all. He talked at length about his brother Sam and his fiancé Jessica, telling Cas that it was a love match if he ever saw one, and recounting all of the instances of awkward flirting he was lucky enough to witness. It was clear that he and his brother were close, and Cas found himself jealous of the two.
Dean smirked and took the tip into his mouth, lips closing around the flushed head. He gave it a lazy suck, tongue running up and down the ridge of his frenulum, eyes flashing in amusement when Cas hissed with pleasure and had to look away from Dean’s expression or else his heart might beat out of his chest. Dean seemed content to stay right at the tip, with one hand on the rest of him, fingers just barely meeting around his girth. His other arm was thrown across Cas’s hips, holding him down, but it was Dean’s eyes that kept him pinned to the mattress. He could break Dean’s hold without even trying, no matter how hard his human husband tried to keep him there, but it was his blown pupils and utterly debauched expression as his mouth stretched around Cas’s cock that kept him where he was. His wings twitched and swayed, overcome with sensation and the need to move while the rest of him didn’t.
Dean’s hands were wildly grabbing, mindlessly pulling and tugging at Cas’s clothes without any finesse until they finally found their way to Cas’s vest. His fingers fumbled with the buttons, and he grunted in frustration at the large number of them, but soon enough Cas was pulling away from Dean’s neck to shrug the vest off, letting it pool on the ground before going right back to marking him up in as many places as he could get his mouth on.
The kingdom of Winchester was utterly ignorant of the situation when they approved the marriage and signed the contract that would bind the kingdoms together. As the youngest son of the king, no one knew what he looked like. His portrait had never been painted and sent to the neighboring kingdoms because he simply wasn’t important enough. He had never been asked to make the journey to Winchester, nor would his father want him there. Castiel’s specialty was military tactics and battle knowledge, not politics. He was too straightforward for diplomacy and his talent for strategizing kept him on the field working with the humans his father hated so much, rather than royals.
He smoothed a hand over Dean’s hair and down his cheek, cupping his chin to turn Dean’s gaze to meet his. “Yes, it was a mistake, but you learned from it and both of you were able to have a lot of fun.”
Metatron was leaning over Zachariah’s shoulder, already reading ahead. From the expression on his face, it wasn’t good. Mumbling to himself, his father finally skimmed the letter. “Let's see… Blah, blah, blah. Too many greetings, what’s the—” Blood drained from his father's face. “What? ‘
“No way!” Dean finally got to work, scrubbing the half-dry come from between his legs, and then stomped to the bed. With less grace than Cas would expect from a prince, he flung himself onto the mattress and put his shoulders between Cas’s thighs, forcing them even further apart. Cas released his cock, and watched as Dean eyed the bobbing appendage with hunger. “We probably don’t have time for this. I promised I’d take you on a tour of—”
“God forbid you be on time for once. Live a little. You’re not going to get fired if you don’t show up early.”
Cas’s face showed appreciation and Dean’s belly fluttered in response. “That’s wonderful. I have a classic car. I’ve never had the money to have it properly restored, but I try my best to take care of it.”
“Yeah, you really did.” At the crest of the stairs, Dean could see Sam’s shiny silver Toyota waiting. Shit, he was running out of time. “You’ll have to let me make it up to you somehow. So, about that phone number…”
Dean decided he wouldn’t hold it against him. “Awesome. I have a ’69 Chevy Impala. I spend a lot of hours on her, but she’s worth it.”
The moment Dean got the door open, Cas shoved him through and pushed him up against the wall, using his arms and wings to box him in. Their lips connected, and it was nothing like the kiss at the ceremony or the soft one in the hall. It was teeth clashing and a vicious tangle of tongues and sliding of lips. He groaned into it, trailing his hand up the soft skin of Dean’s neck and into his hair where he was able to grip the short locks and tilt his head, deepening the kiss.
As usual, the voice taking his order at the screen wasn’t the smooth voice of the green-eyed man, but high and perky as he placed the order for Balthazar’s cold brew. Soon, it was his turn to pull up to the window. He took a moment to dig through his glove compartment to grab a card, and—
He wondered what the man would think if he walked by and handed him D. Winchester’s newest novel. The main character had been unwittingly trapped in a hotel with a serial killer, and through subtle hints left by the killer, had discovered the truth and prevented himself from being the next victim. D. Winchester didn’t usually dip into the true crime genre, as his specialty was supernatural thrillers, but the book had been amazing and he hoped that Winchester would write many more. “I’m still not going to talk to him,” he decided aloud.
Then, when it felt like it couldn’t get any better, Dean crooked his finger and grazed his prostate. His wings snapped out, breaking the ribbons in his wings and sending the pearls scattering. They flapped wildly, hitting the bedposts and sending the window drapery fluttering on the other side of the room. Dean let out a pleased chuckle and did it again, still just as light and teasing, and he was sure that he could come from just that light touch and a hand on his cock.
Cas worked slowly, gently bringing a slick finger to his entrance and rubbing it in circles, working the muscle as Dean clenched at the sensation. He arched his back, pressing his chest and stomach into the desktop, hoping to entice Cas into moving on, but Cas continued his maddeningly slow pace. Circling and pressing just hard enough for his hole to give just a little, before pulling back and circling some more. His breath was coming fast with anticipation, and his whine of frustration was enough for Cas to stop all movement.
“Is that his computer? Did he get past the filters and look at some porn?” She stopped by his side and squinted at the computer. “Huh.”
, his brain prompted. It was the least he could do, and any chance to hear that smooth voice directed at him again was a good one. “The weather is wonderful, isn’t it?”
adding up to be a bad murderer. Just because he’s using a public computer doesn’t mean he still can’t be caught.”
Dean’s hands trailed up his back and made their way into his wings, grabbing the bend and tugging, forcing Cas’s body flush against his. No one had ever handled his wings in such a way. He felt like Dean could do anything with him, move him any way he wanted, and he wouldn’t stop him. The idea was intoxicating.
The man had settled at the computers with nothing but a small notebook and a flash drive, and stayed for hours, occasionally getting up to grab another book from the law section, then going back to the computer and continuing to type and take notes. Cas’s coworkers whispered about the man, guessing he was a law student writing a paper, or maybe even a professor—he was old enough to be one. The images that came to Cas’s mind of the man teaching a lecture were enough to heat his cheeks.
Despite going to the Starbucks for almost a week straight, that first day had been the only time that the green-eyed barista had been at the window to hand him his order. Sure, he’d seen him bustling around in the back, but he was starting to think he’d imagined the warm eyes and freckled skin.
have privacy laws in place, but those mostly revolved around patrons’ records, not their computer usage. The filters were supposed to take care of that issue. It wasn’t against the law to look at search history, but it wasn’t exactly ethical either. God, he felt like such an ass. As glad as he was that the man was not a murderer, it meant that Cas had been spying on an innocent man. Any moral high ground he had was gone. Professional boundaries had been crossed, and there was no going back. Cas bit his lip and looked back at the screen, floundering for the magical words that would undo the last minute of his life. Hell, the last week of his life. But the only thing that came to mind was the fact that this man had been writing fanfiction for his favorite book. “You’re a fan of D. Winchester?”
He smiled and gave her a gentle pat on her head. “Why don’t we have our own little tea party after I’m done?”
Cas’s wings snapped out, sending a cool gust around the room and prickling their skin with goosebumps. Dean slowly sank down on Cas’s cock, chest heaving and mouth slack with a mixture of pain and pleasure. Cas grasped at his thighs, slowing his descent even further, marveling at the way his husband's back arched and his tongue darted out to wet his bottom lip. He wanted to tell Dean how beautiful he was, how exquisite his ass felt as it squeezed rhythmically around him, but when he opened his mouth, all that came out was a garbled “Dean!”
Three cars quickly became two, and suddenly, he was behind his soulmate. No matter how many times he imagined finding his soulmate this way, he never once considered what would happen after. How was he supposed to get his soulmate's attention? He couldn’t exactly pull next to the guy and start yelling out his window. His very helpful brain gave him only one solution: honk at the man.
He just smiled and fondled himself some more, cradling his balls and giving them a squeeze. Dean eyed Cas’s filling cock and licked his lips. “God, you look so good on our bed.”
Dean rolled to the side and grabbed a small silver jar off of his side table, and there was no mistaking what it contained. “You sure?”
“Honestly, I don’t care. I’ll walk if I have to.” He glanced back to the man patiently waiting for him. “Leave.”
To Dean, Cas was the sexiest man alive. His piercing blue eyes, his plush lips, and his sultry gaze all added up to an absolute knockout of a man, and that wasn’t even including his body. Dean’s own figure was getting, admittedly, a little soft. His pudge was becoming a bit more pronounced, and sometimes he could feel his thighs jiggle as he walked. Cas, on the other hand, was a fucking machine. His stomach was flat, his arms were defined, and his thighs were thick and muscular from his almost-daily bike commute to work.
He shrugged, trying not to show how quickly his heart was beating. “As long as we don’t stay out too late, I’ll go.”
Dean knew the statistics. There were plenty of people who hadn’t found their soulmates by Dean’s age and plenty more who died without ever finding them. It was a big world, after all. While most people found their soulmates after college, some just took longer than others. Typically, there were enough clues from the sightings for people to have a general idea where to find them, some even lucky enough to get exact locations. In this day and age, with technology being what it was, people were finding them earlier and earlier. Even Sam had found Jessica in his senior year of high school.
Dean walked back to his car and sat in the driver's seat, feeling more excited for the future than he’s ever been. The feeling of hope grew in his chest as he stared at the digits Cas had put in his contact list. Somehow, he knew things would work out for the better.
attempt to stand, he would collapse to the floor in a boneless heap. Instead, he watched Dean move to the washstand and pour clean water into the basin. The sight of him running a linen cloth around his neck and down over his pebbled pink nipples sent a rush of blood straight to his dick. With barely a thought for the poor servant who was in charge of righting their room, he took the corner of the sheet and wiped his chest clean. That out of the way, he spread his legs and cupped himself, his other hand leaving a trail of fire over his nipples as he tweaked and pulled.
Cas stared at him, lips parted in surprise. “I’ve seen you flirt with servers, co-workers, bartenders, pretty much anyone who smiles at you. You flirt with
Balthazar had to hold back a laugh at the idea of Michael even stepping foot on a battlefield, let alone being able to strategize anything other than trysts with his mistresses. There was only one brother that she could be talking about, and Cassie was long gone.
Dean nodded and put his arms through the sleeves, staying still so he could be zipped in without any accidental pinching. Castiel stood back and adjusted the padding, making sure they would stay where they were supposed to as the man moved around. Dean let himself be moved around in silence, used to the treatment. “Have any plans today? A few of us are going to the other park after work to get some food. We were thinking Lamplight.”
“That’s one of my favorites. I’ve had a lot of mothers try to take me up on that offer.” he shuddered at the thought. “And more than a few fathers.”
She winked and left, heading back to the front desk with a hop in her step. Dean was grinning at him. “I don’t know how much you can help since the library is closing. All of my notes and outlines are on the flash drive and without my laptop…”
“How are you supposed to get experience if you don’t apply for a job? It’s not like you’re signing your life away. You can quit at any time."
He never thought he’d be brave enough to give Dean his phone number when he returned the next day, and never expected to go on a date with the man less than a week later.
“Excellent. We ask that you arrive fifteen minutes early so you can get checked in and we can go over the rules. Please remember that this is just a meeting, and no contracts or agreements will be made this day.” There was the tapping of nails on the keyboard. “Alright, it’s all set. We will see you at 12:30 on Tuesday.”
Dean made his escape while he still could and practically ran to the garage door. He hit the opener and smiled as it began its slow rise, watching the sun light up Baby’s wax job. He couldn’t wait to introduce Jack to the inner workings of Baby just like his own dad did decades ago. Just about the only good times he remembered having with his dad was spent bent over Baby’s engine, and after owning the car for more than twenty years, he was finally going to be able to pass on his knowledge. He couldn’t wait.
Cas’s eyes cracked open and turned to Dean. “Of course. This isn’t about getting Chili a boyfriend, is it? I know you think she’s lonely, but getting a rooster would—”
His touch on Cas’s thigh turned into a hard grip around the thick muscle and he could feel Cas flex underneath his palm. “Please, Professor. I—”
The man looked up at him, awe on his face and knees still firmly planted in the rocky dirt. “It is an honor, sir.”
He nodded, glancing between Charlie’s glaring face and the barista’s light blush. “Right. Well, I suppose me being here is out of the ordinary.”
“I’m Sam and this is Dean.” Sam pointed to the injury, his finger a little too close for comfort. “A stingray got him so we need to pee on it. Now, I haven’t had much water this morning, but…”
“You don’t want to hear it? I just sat through the sappiest thing I’ve seen in my entire life, so I reserve the right to comment on it.”
Kelly Kline was a petite brunette, way too young to be sporting a belly as big as hers. He was no expert, but she had to be at least seven, maybe eight months pregnant. She stood as they entered, first offering her hand, but dropping it immediately before they had time to react. Dean understood. Nerves were a bitch, and all three of them were overflowing with it. He didn’t know if they were the first family she was meeting with or even the tenth, this had to be nerve-wracking for her.
Sam did what he was told, hooking his arms under Dean’s armpits and hoisting him up. He bit back a goran and swallowed the saliva pooling in his mouth. If he threw up in front of the lifeguard he would die of embarrassment.
Claire tore it off then and there, flinging the fabric across the room. Neither man had it in them to ruin her excitement by chastising her, so they just watched as she pulled out an old shirt and put on a pair of black tights.
Cas moaned at the image of Dean naked on a bed, sheets twisted around his legs and moaning as Cas thrust in and out of him. “Fuck. You’d look so good.”
“A nap sounds good right now.” Dean shifted down the bed so he could tangle his legs with Cas’s and rest his head on the man’s chest. “I can’t believe I got to fuck the Angel of Thursday.”
s between the incomprehensible sounds. As much as he understood his frustration at being strapped to someone’s chest, he was dedicated to finishing. It felt like some ceremonial passing of the torch, or at least the beginnings of it. Maybe by the time he was Claire's age, he’d be able to hold the flashlight and pass him the correct tools. Dean shushed and rocked him, hoping to soothe him long enough to finish the job.
A redhead nodded and stood behind the register beside him, typing into the monitor before turning to the short line of people. “I’ll take you all over here, please.”
He smirked. “Are you a man of leisure? Laying around all day with pretty angels feeding you grapes and shit?”
Cas rolled his eyes. “Yes. But Dean, this time next month we could have another child. With Claire, we were with her surrogate the entire time. All nine months. I just feel like I have less time to prepare. Someone who is due next week could contact us tomorrow and we wouldn’t have time to get ready!”
He cleared his throat in an attempt to get himself under control, his voice coming out raspier than intended. “Yes. I have your outfit right here.”
“He’s, uh… married to Prince Dean.” Balthazar could hear his father’s gulp through the door. “Of Winchester.”
“Yes, of course,” he muttered to himself, coming back to reality and realizing that he’d been staring at the attractive man for a few moments too many. He picked his wallet out of his lap and opened it, his brain still too slow to function. Debit card? Credit card? Cash? He fumbled through the selection process, eventually pulling out a five-dollar bill, knowing that he had an emergency Starbucks gift card somewhere in there but unwilling to take more time to find out.
“Look at you. You’re so sexy.” Dean ran his fingers down the length of Cas’s fit torso, outlining the ridges of muscle and paying special attention to the vee of his hips. “And these thighs. I can’t believe how lucky I am.”
he was going back. In fact, his usual doughnut shop would have to make do without him, because he was about to make a habit of using that drive-thru for a while. In fact, he had a stack of Starbucks gift cards lying around somewhere, he just had to find them all. He silently thanked every coworker and boss who gifted him the useless pieces of plastic over the years.
But Dean’s favorite thing, the one that took him from zero to sixty in a second flat, was that goddamned unimpressed eyebrow quirk he always did. In the right circumstance, a single twitch of that brow could get Dean running to the bedroom, stripping as he went. Other times, it conveyed Cas’s silent disappointment.
The barista mumbled something under his breath before scanning his card. “I didn’t know your name, ok?”
“Urine will work in a pinch if there are no other options, but lifeguards are trained to treat stings on-site so it’s a good thing you were here. Warm water breaks up the proteins in the venom and will relieve the pain, no need to urinate on anyone. It’s a common myth.”
it said again, but he still couldn’t accept it. Those words ran through his mind on repeat, and as time stretched on and the priest began to talk, his worry was replaced with shock. The priest could have been speaking another language for all he knew. What was very clear to him was that he was quickly becoming a married man. How had he never considered
Cas pressed a second finger in, achingly slow, and Dean was so turned on that the burn instantly turned to pleasure and fizzled through his body. Cas paused to give him a moment to adjust, but Dean just shifted and let his slick fingers sink even deeper. Cas must have understood because he began a smooth rhythm of shallow thrusts, pushing and pulling and scissoring them open while Dean could do nothing more than grip the desk tightly and whimper at the sensation. His body offered no resistance to Cas, and opened up easily. After what felt like hours, Cas pulled his fingers free and Dean heard the click of the lube being opened. Cas smeared the slick oil on his hole and pushed back in, coating his insides with a layer of it. Finally, he pulled away and Dean could hear the clink of Cas’s belt and then his zipper.
He gulped and put his hand on Cas’s forearm, hoping he wouldn’t mind. Every time he’d imagined touching him paled in comparison to the warmth of a real person under his fingers. There was actual muscle and bone, and the nervous flutter in his belly reminded him that he wasn't dreaming. Cas was
“It’s tradition,” Cas pointed out. “You weren’t allowed to see Hester before your marriage, and Gabriel couldn’t see Kali.”
“Well, then. I only have one thing to say to that.” He took a deep breath and narrowed his eyes at Dean. “What took you so long?”
he’d say that. He shook his head and let himself get back into the scenario. “I can’t afford to take this class again, Professor. There has to be
She grumbled about it but did as she was asked, immediately coming back to see the baby the moment her shoes were off. “What's his name?”
“The family it is, then.” He took another sip and got to work on wrapping it as neatly as possible. Dean would know on sight which presents he wrapped. They weren’t as neat, the edges not as crisp, but Cas didn’t care unless it was truly bad, and neither would the kids.
Dean nodded and got to work on his vest, powering through the row of buttons before throwing it somewhere on the bed. He only watched Dean strip for a moment before working the rest of his clothes off. Without a scrap of clothing to separate them, Dean eagerly joined Cas on the bed. His skin was warm and soft against Cas’s, leaving a trail of goosebumps in its wake. Cas’s own hands explored Dean, starting at his shoulders and gliding over his muscles and down the dip of his back. He teased at the swell of his ass before cupping the roundness and easing Dean into a slow thrust.
Dean rubbed at his eyes, wiping away the moisture that had formed from laughing, “Oh, man. Is that why you were staring at me so much? Fuck, I thought you were attracted to me! I was totally going to ask you out tomorrow.”
His annoyed grumbling lasted the entire drive, during which insult after insult directed toward their idiotic sizing system fell from his lips. Thankfully, there were only two cars in front of him so it was only a moment before he placed an order into the speaker, with a perky sounding woman parroting it back to him along with the price. He pulled up to the window a minute later and started digging through the pile of things thrown on the passenger seat in his haste to get onto the road, desperately searching for his wallet before the woman giving him his coffee opened the window and had to wait for him.
She shrugged with wide eyes, unable to wipe the guilty expression off of her face. “No! Totally not. Why would you even think—”
“Unfortunately, that’s the case.” Dean sighed in annoyance. “I tried to convince Dad to let me go to the encampment myself so I could give it a shot, but he was already drafting the marriage contract by that point so I needed to stay home.”
They burped him until Sam’s car rumbled up the drive a minute later. From their spot in the living room, they could see Sam and Claire climb out of the car and walk up the drive. The only thing keeping Claire from running to the door and yanking it open was Sam’s firm grip holding her back. The minute the front door was open, she wiggled out of his grip and shot towards them in excitement, crowding into them to get a look at Jack.
With Jack attached securely into the baby carrier, Dean was able to pop the hood and lean low over the engine. His explanations of Baby’s insides were rudimentary, “This is the engine block, and all these parts work together to make the car go. We like that, don’t we? Vroom, vroom.” He pinched Jack’s chubby cheek. “And this where I put the oil, here’s the coolant, and right here is where the radiator fluid goes….” On and on he went, explaining little bits here and there, uncaring that Jack was more entertained by how his chubby legs were swinging above the car as Dean leaned over her engine. “Now, let’s grab those spark plugs I ordered.”
It seemed like an eternity before the man closed out of his programs and stood up for one last stretch, bracing his hands on his hips and arching his back. Usually, Cas would wait until he shut down the computers before he went over to check the search history, but it had been driving him crazy all day. He just had to know, and he had to know now.
Like every morning, his soulmate was driving down the interstate. The very same interstate that Dean was camped on, just waiting to see him drive by. He wished the guy was paying attention to the surrounding area, but like the good driver Dean knew he was, the man was steadily watching the traffic in front of him.
Finally, an old golden Continental flew past him with a dark-haired man in the driver’s seat. Without a moment’s hesitation, he gunned it, using the shoulder to build up enough speed to merge as quickly as he could. By the time he pulled in front of a little old lady in a Toyota, he was four cars behind the man and gaining. He knew he was driving like an absolute madman, but his soulmate was less than three cars in front of him and he wasn’t about to let him go.
Time flew too quickly, and before he knew it, he was climbing into the royal carriage and watching his home disappear on the horizon. As the carriage made its way down the cobbled streets that connected their kingdoms, Castiel sat in silence, focusing on the sound of their carriage and the ones following, barely even hearing Balthazar’s tirade.
Dean had to clear his throat to prevent himself from turning into a blubbering mess. “Yeah, well… is it even something that’s possible? I know Micheal was never in the picture, but—”
His brother was mumbling to himself. “What do I do? Fuck, I’ve never been stung before. Damnit, Dean. If you would have just listened—”
“I know what our father's plans are,” he started, “and I know it’s not going to work. Other than you, I’ve probably spent the most time around humans, and know them far better than he does. Answer me this. Has a human ever treated you badly because you don’t look like us?”
Cas nodded and left, doing his best to ignore the comment. He’d stopped questioning the woman and her future predictions long ago, but he wasn’t going to base his decisions on it either. With new resolve, he was determined to get up earlier so he could go to both stores the next morning.
Dean nodded. “Just Jess, Emma, and Alice. We want to send it to mom and Cas’s parents. Don’t post it anywhere, though.”
Immediately, he saw him at the register, smiling sweetly at a mother and her son. He wanted to both praise and curse his luck because although he was glad the man was there, he was suddenly regretting turning down Balthazar's offer to be there as emotional support. Every word he had rehearsed over and over in preparation of meeting him flew from his mind, and he could only stare at the handsome face of the mystery barista as he inched closer and closer to the register.
“No!” She squirmed away, but Jack was blocking her exit and it was too late. With as much strength as he possessed, Dean forced himself to sit and aimed for her armpit. She screamed loud enough that the neighbors must have heard and started kicking, nearly getting him in the crotch. Dean felt little hands pull at his in an attempt to save Claire, and he took the opportunity to pull Jack in front and start the assault on him.
He heard the little window open just as his hand found the smooth black leather of his wallet, tangled within the sleeve of his dress shirt.
“You didn’t know?!” she yelled at him. “He’s been under my direct command for seven years! I detail his exploits in my weekly missives. I talk at length about my nephew in every letter! How could you not know how much he does for our kingdom?!”
The soul-crushing disappointment must have been clear on his face, because before Dean could mutter more than a sad “oh,” Cas was rushing to continue. “But that doesn’t mean I’m against it.”
He let out one last sigh, pushed himself to his feet, and collected Jack, not happy about having to admit his defeat. Cas was never one to say ‘I told you so,’ but Dean knew he’d be thinking it.
He shook himself out of it a moment later, almost laughing at himself for getting emotional thinking of a theoretical child that he hadn't even brought up to Cas yet. Dean took the plate of patties inside and deposited it next to the buns.
“Yeah, babe,” Dean encouraged, his lust blown eyes watching Cas’s fist work quickly over his cock. “I’m almost there.”
Once again, a thick finger pressed into him. He tensed around it and whimpered, nearly biting his tongue hard enough to bleed in an effort to stop from crying out. Almost as if he was purposely trying to make Dean scream, he rubbed over his prostate again and pushed at it ever so lightly. He couldn’t hold back his wail and it echoed through the house.
“You noticed that?” His eyes crinkled in a laugh as he looked down at Cas. “The manager puts them in a box each morning and we pick one at random. Gabriel thinks it's funny, and we all just decided to go with it.”
wait for Dean, but in the meantime… His heart stuttered in his chest as he gave his hard cock a squeeze, eyes locked with his sexy and
“I supposed I can give it to you. I wouldn’t want you showing up when I’m not here to check up on you. Maybe I could even show you around town, if your brother hasn’t already done it. There’s a nice coffee shop I like to go to after my shift.”
Stationed on the front lines, Castiel only heard about the mess at the palace from Balthazar, his only brother that cared enough to send the occasional letter. As the youngest son and a thorn in his father's side, Castiel didn’t even make it past his sixteenth birthday before King Zachariah shipped him off to the war front. According to Zachariah, he was being sent away to build character, but he knew it was because he looked too much like the humans the king despised and he had no place for that in his court. It was meant to humble him and put him in his place, but once away from his father, Castiel flourished. Finally given the attention he needed to thrive, he worked his way up the ranks, never using his royal status to earn a promotion. By the time he was twenty-eight, he was one of their most successful commanders and a decorated war hero. Because of his outstanding record, his father left him alone. He was virtually untouchable, and he used that to his full advantage.
His heart beat loudly in his chest as he waited, poised to go the moment he caught a glimpse of familiar gold. Thirty seconds passed, then forty, and still no sign. He was going to give himself a heart attack if he didn’t calm down, but he didn’t have the time. Any second now, his soulmate’s car would drive past him and he just
The groan Cas let out was enough to knock the breath out of Dean and remind him that he was supposed to be stroking his own dick. Cas thrust slowly into Dean’s mouth so he adjusted his pace, alternating the bobbing of his neck to go with Cas’s movement. The flap of Cas’s fly folded towards his face, reminding him once again that Cas was fully clothed. He felt his dick pulse at the reminder. Shit, he was getting close. If he would just let go of his cock he could draw things out, but he never had much self-control, so he tightened his grip and quickly brought himself to the edge. It only took two more strokes for him to spill all over the sheets.
“This is Benny.” Dean pulled the large man into a handshake. “He’s the head of the guard. Benny, this is Cas.”
There was something about the way Cas got dressed in the morning that made Dean want to drag him back into bed and muss him up again. Perhaps it was his strong fingers, working button after button into tiny holes as he closed his shirt. Maybe it was the way he looked Dean dead in the eye as he slowly tucked his shirt into his trousers, sliding his hands down his hips and stomach to smooth the lines. Maybe it was the way Cas threaded his supple leather belt through the loops and buckled it snugly on his hips or the way Cas’s feet arched as they slid into his socks.
The teasing tone never wavered, and Castiel was beginning to suspect the man was actually flirting with him, not out of niceness or duty to customer service, but because he genuinely liked Cas—or perhaps he just liked teasing him. It had taken him a long time to come to that conclusion. Castiel was never one to assume employees were flirting with him, no matter how many times they smiled or said a kind word. It was their
If he just passed the Target, then that meant his soulmate must have already passed him because he sure as hell hadn’t made it that far! He checked his blind spot and zoomed back onto the freeway, nearly cutting off a Chevy truck.
Dean made no sound of complaint, just took what Cas gave him, his arms wound tightly around Cas’s waist, scratching and fisting at his white button-down shirt to the point that Cas wasn’t sure if it would ever iron smooth again. Hips ground against his, pressing the thick lines of their hardening cocks together in a delicious rub, and Cas was overheating. He gave Dean’s tongue a nibble and pulled away, savoring the way Dean’s mouth chased his. They took a moment to suck air back into their lungs, staring at each other with lust flashing in their eyes. Dean’s face was red and his pupils were blown wide, leaving only a thin ring of green visible in the dim light. If that was what Dean looked like, Cas was sure he looked even worse.
“My first day here I was trying to find out some information about the notoriety-for-profit law. I googled it, but all I found was a Wikipedia article and I needed something with more legal mumbo-jumbo. I gotta sound like I know what I’m talking about, right?”
It could have been the new angle, the pressure of Dean’s cock trapped between their bodies, or the sensation of feathers all over his body, but it only took a few thrusts more for Dean to go taunt and gasp out a high “Cas!” before he spilled between them. He groaned in relief. If Dean had waited any longer, Cas would have finished before him. He held Dean’s limp and sated body even tighter and thrust twice more before he shouted his release, lighting up the room with his grace. With Dean sucking marks into his sweaty neck and humming in satisfaction, it took him longer to come down than normal.
“You should hold him.” He looked up and Kelly was looking at him expectantly. “Skin to skin is the best way.”
“Hm…” Cas considered the dilemma, not caring at all that their children were kicking Dean’s ass. “I think I’ll save it for lunch tomorrow.”
It started his second week on the job. He had just switched from taking care of the princesses of The Royal Hall to some of the rotating characters. Working with Maleficent, Peter Pan, Alice, and the other roaming characters was a breath of fresh air. Their outfits were easier to move in and that meant they were easier to get in and out of, a nice change from the stiff gowns he started with. He
Zachariah hated that they were allies, and had been since the reign of his father. He loathed the fact that their military often called for human aid in the battles they waged against demons. They came willingly, always eager to lend a hand to rid the earth of the abominations. Castiel, as a military man and strategist for the commanding general, had fought side by side with humans since he was old enough to wield his angel blade, and could testify to the strength and resilience they possessed. His father, of course, wouldn’t hear it, especially from him. He was the youngest son, barely on his father’s radar.
“It could be a boy.” He reminded her. “But I think it’s a good idea to get ready to share your toys. Babies don’t always ask permission before playing with things.”
Cas ran a hand through his already messy hair. Maybe it was D. Winchester's most recent book still running through his head, but his imagination was already beginning to run wild. “This isn’t normal, Anna.”
“Sorry?” Cas repeated. With a disappointed shake of his head, he pulled a paper out of the stack and put in on the top. “I have your test right here, Mr. Winchester, and I have to say… you
It started small. More hours at work, some extra business trips, a few nights out with his college buddies, and before he knew it, Cas was going days between having any meaningful interactions with his husband. More often than not, Cas would wake up at two in the morning to his husband crawling into their bed, and that was it. Michael—when he was home—became snappy and short-tempered, with him and their newborn. Getting him to hold Claire felt like an uphill battle, and when he succeeded, she was handed back after only a few short minutes even if she wasn’t crying. Still, he was hopeful for the future. Having a family was stressful, but he was sure Michael would come around.
He gathered Castiel into his arms and climbed into bed with him, hoping that he would fall asleep soon so he could get back to Becky. He let his eyes slide to the alarm clock that was on Michael's bedside table, and the numbers read 2:34 am. Something tickled the back of his mind, but he was too tired to grasp it. Eyes heavy, he began to drift off, when suddenly, he remembered. Castiel, his sweetest child, had been born at 2:31 am. Moisture suddenly filled his eyes as comprehension dawned. After five years of hoping and praying, Castiel Novak finally had his first sighting.
Dean cursed and pushed Cas back. When there was finally some room between them, Dean took hold of Cas’s belt and began unbuckling it. With that barrier gone, he made quick work of the button and zipper, and pulled his slacks open, exposing a vee of Cas’s boxers. Beneath the soft cotton, Cas’s cock stood hard and proud, pushing against the cloth, giving away his desperation.
Dean raised his eyebrows, but didn’t say anything while they headed to the bathroom. Inside, they washed their hands and righted their clothes. By the time Cas locked the library and they walked out the front door, it was nearly nine o’clock, long past closing time.
“I tried to use my uncle's PC, but it's old as shit. These are old too, but at least the software is up to date.”
again. It wasn’t his fault the preparations for their wedding had taken so much out of him, and it definitely wasn’t his fault that they extended their honeymoon for a few more days… That was Cas’s fault. If he wasn’t so sexy, and
When he finally drifted off to sleep, he did so with a smile on his face. Three thousand miles later, when Dean finally needed to do another oil change, he did it with Claire, decked out in her matching pair of gray coveralls.
Disappointment flooded his system when the wrong brunette opened the window and gave him his total. When the woman turned away to scan the card, he craned his neck to get a better look inside the small coffee shop. He was easy to spot in the back, working coffee beans through the grinder and laughing with his coworkers.
Balthazar couldn’t bear listening any longer. He felt both dread and happiness, shame and pride, all for Cassie. They were all guilty for ignoring their littlest brother, some more than others. He alone had the best relationship with Cassie, and even that was strained from being apart for more than a decade. Now, without him, things were going to change.
His soulmate had a gold Lincoln Continental that had been running a little rough for the past month.
With sure hands, Cas pulled his hips back, pushing Dean’s ass into his crotch so he’d have enough room to reach around and undo his buckles. With those out of the way, nothing stopped him from pulling his pants down and letting them pool around his ankles. His boxers followed quickly and Dean was ordered to step out of his clothes. Cas kicked them out of the way and immediately put his hands back on Dean’s bare ass.
Castiel could see that his sister didn’t agree with him, but what was there to argue? He came to a public computer, used it to look up how to commit murder and not get caught, presumably looked up the laws that he would have to circumvent to get out of it if he did get caught, and didn’t even bother closing the browser when he was done. The man was cocky, clearly, and that was a bad quality to have as a criminal. In short, he was gearing up to be a horrible murderer.
He turned to look at Balthazar and contemplated kicking his shin behind the counter. “I’ve been using up some gift cards.”
Soon, it was time for the ceremonial robe, a silver silk monstrosity lined with ermine fur and embroidered with their royal crest. The robe, blessed by their religious leaders, was carefully draped below his wings and then over his shoulders, where it was then clasped around his neck. He immediately felt the weight of it, nearly suffocating him with the expectations of all those who wore it before him.
Cas’s hand found its way back to his head, fingers threading into his hair and thumb stroking the tender skin behind his ear. “Yes, thank you.”
“Oh my God…” he muttered, hand rubbing down his face. He knew he was going to regret his decision, and it was working out to be worse than he imagined. “I’m not in love.”
Cas leaned in and hissed in his ear. “If you don’t get me out of here right now, I’ll never speak to you again.”
Before he knew it, he was in front of the man and the woman he appeared to be with, finding himself at a loss for words for the first time in years. Normally, he’d launch into some kind of speech involving food, but his tongue was stuck to the roof of his mouth and he was unable to look away from the man’s sun-kissed face, freckled and flushed and absolutely perfect.
Maybe it was because he figured out Dean was trying to get him to pull over, or he was just trying to get away from Dean, but his soulmate threw on his blinker and changed lanes. Dean followed him. He changed lanes again, and Dean followed him again. Finally, he was on the offramp, and Dean’s heart was beating too quickly for his chest to contain it. He felt ready to explode with a mix of hope and nerves, both ready and
Four weeks later, Dean knocked on Sam’s door with Cas by his side and coffee in their hands. The look on his face when Dean told him to ‘
Missouri silenced him with a glare. “Like I said, mine are better. Now, why don’t you go and get your boy.”
Cas’s glare softened the longer he stared at his husband. Dean could be so aggravating sometimes. The way he ate burgers resembled the way a snake swallows its meals whole. At the end of the day, the smell of his socks was enough to make Cas’s eyes water. When he rolled over in the middle of the night, he flopped around like a fish and woke Cas up, and sometimes he took ridiculously long in the bathroom. But he had the biggest heart of anyone he’s ever met. He couldn’t believe how lucky he was to be able to watch stupid movies with this beautiful man.
At that moment, Cas’s eyes swiveled to Dean’s, and his expression morphed from embarrassment to relief. He pushed his way to Dean, soldiers following behind him still shouting his accolades, and grabbed Dean’s hand. “Let’s go.”
. Not wanting to hurt his neck, he kept Cas’s cock in his mouth as he moved, placing himself between Cas’s knees for the perfect angle. With one final deep breath through his nose, he lowered himself as far onto Cas’s dick as he could before pulling up, pressing his tongue into the underside until he popped off the top. With just the tip of his tongue, he flicked over the slit, gathering more of that salty flavor, and began to toy a little with his foreskin. He loved his husband's uncut cock, loved the way he could reach straight into Cas’s boxers and jack him off without needing to waste time with lube, and he loved the way Cas whined when Dean pulled the skin up to cover the tip and tongued inside to lave around the head. More to play with, he always said, and he never missed the opportunity to play with his husbands’ cock.
“We’ll talk about that later.” Dean ruffled her hair. “For now, I’m going to check on the chickens. Wanna come?”
Their arms crossed in the middle, elbows bumping as they stroked and squeezed, desperately trying to get the other off before they finished themselves. Judging by the expression on Dean’s face, the man was getting close and it couldn’t have come at a better time because Cas’s own orgasm was spiraling closer to the surface. Dean must have come to the same conclusion, because he doubled his effort and squeezed tighter, stroked quicker. Cas reciprocated, desperately trying to hold off his orgasm as long as possible, but with Dean working his cock over so expertly, he knew he didn’t stand a chance.
Finally clean of the cum on his stomach, he slipped on his silk banyan and walked to the wardrobe. Cas opened the double doors and stared forlornly at his sparse clothing. Between the wedding and honeymoon, he didn’t have the time to expand his wardrobe, so the handful of outfits he had was all he’d been wearing for three weeks. For a royal, that was unheard of. Even Dean, who never seemed to care what he was wearing at any given time, had chests full of suits and other garments, rarely wearing the same thing twice. Cas had chests full of his army garb, but those had been sitting in storage gathering dust. He desperately wanted to ask after them, to get them brought up to the room so he could wear some of his most comfortable trousers and linen shirts, but he didn’t dare mention it. He hadn’t talked to Dean about the possibility of returning to the battlefield yet, and he wasn’t sure he
He heard the bedroom door click shut, and then a few moments later, the garage door opening and closing. Dean fell back into a doze, head full of his husband, and the taste of cum still on his tongue.
He pulled away and blew gently into his ear, earning a shiver out of his husband. “Come lay down with me for a few more minutes.”
With Sam at Stanford, it gave him the perfect excuse to check on his brother and dig his toes into the warm sand on a daily basis. Thankfully, Sam was more than willing to indulge his older brother. He was a bodyboarder, so he loved squeezing himself into a wetsuit, pulling on a pair of fins, and using his board to ride the waves back to shore only to do the whole thing again for hours on end. Dean preferred to recline on a beach chair and bask in the sun, only venturing to the water if it got too hot.
She made no move to slide the case open and give him what he wanted. “It’s been a while. Surely you’ve not been getting your breakfast somewhere else.”
Dean couldn’t help himself and craned his neck to take in the sight. And what a sight it was. It was like a scene from Baywatch, slow motion and everything. He was carrying a plastic bucket, bicep bulging from the weight of whatever was inside. As he trudged through the sand with as much speed as he could muster, the muscles of his legs flexed beneath his tanned skin, and if Dean looked hard enough, he could see the slight bounce of his pecks. Even the wind seemed to caress him, throwing his wild brown locks off of his forehead and giving him an unobstructed view of the guy’s face.
He left his brother's side and followed Dean at a distance, stopping fifteen feet away from his frantic conversation with the king.
compared to being on the battlefield, the choking smell of sulphur in the air, blood and sweat sticking you to your clothes. “You should be happy father even accepted the alliance. From what I’ve heard, Prince Dean wasn’t happy about the whole thing. Apparently, he thinks he’s too good for an angel. Could you imagine? A
Dean whined at the praise, and pushed up to his toes to give Cas a better angle. The extra inch of height worked, and Cas slipped all the way in with one smooth glide. Dean groaned and reached back to grab Cas’s clothed thigh, willing himself to relax into the stretch that was so much more intense than Cas’s fingers. He was burning up inside, he felt like a bowstring ready to snap. Cas placed a comforting hand on his shoulder, and suddenly he was able to relax. Shoulders first, then his neck, and by the time his breathing calmed, he was a boneless puddle on the desk.
“I’m glad to hear it. We can continue until the water cools and then I’ll give you a to-go bag. When you get home, please take a hot bath and stay in until the pain is gone. Should only take a couple of hours.”
, his latest novel. Is it supposed to act as a sequel? I’ve heard there might be one, but Winchester’s blog hasn’t confirmed it yet.”
He took care of his shirt first, swapping it for another one of his old work shirts, and then went to find Cas. He heard them before he saw them, making Lego robots and planning an invasion in the kids room. She was squealing loudly while Cas threatened to shoot her with his laser, his voice low, and monotone. Dean paused in the doorway and watched them, sending a Cas a reassuring smile when the man glanced at him and Jack.
Back at the shop with his phone still in hand and heart beating madly in his chest, Dean was at a loss for what to do. Eventually, he walked to the corner of the shop and wedged himself next to the refrigerator, effectively hiding from everyone in the shop. With a deep breath, he pulled up Cas’s number and hit dial. When the call didn’t connect the first time, he called again. Then again.
The next morning, Cas got to work and began his usual tasks with half an eye out for their controversial patron. He came at his normal time, notebook and flash drive in hand, and sat at the same computer. Cas stayed close by, intent on watching him like a hawk. If he slipped up, Cas would know. If he gave any sign he was about to kill someone, he would know.
Cas tutted and continued to stroke Dean’s arm. “No, she doesn’t hate you. Claire’s only seven so I don’t think she even knows how to hate anyone yet.”
“Stingray shuffle?” Dean chuckled and started cutting the shrimp into smaller pieces. “Is that some kind of ritualistic dance?”
Dean took his seat at the steering wheel and began their drive home. As he rounded the corner and into the main street, he gassed the car gently, going the exact speed limit and breaking as smoothly as possible. He’d never driven so carefully in his life. “Its ok, babe. We got this. Relax a little.”
Cas, tired of all the talk when the head of his cock was so close to Dean’s mouth that he could feel his warm breath, grasped the base and angled it to Dean’s lips, silencing the man.
His smile widened. “Awesome. We should head to the great hall. I don’t want them to get any ideas if we stay in here too long.”
Dean, still a little anxious over their little passenger, whipped around in the driver's seat. “What? Is everything alright?”
“You don’t recognize me?” he asked weakly. His soulmate should have had at least one sighting where Dean looked in a mirror or caught a family photo in passing.
After a moment spent panting with their hands on their knees, Charlie popped up with a smile. “This is great! We haven’t had an actual date in weeks!”
“Of course not!” He blushed. “Ok, I get your point. Although, I don’t think I could forgive myself if he did kill anyone.”
He could see Cas at the desk, a few small stacks of paper in front of him and a frown on his face. His shirtsleeves were pushed up to his elbow and his tie was loose around his neck, making him the picture-perfect rumpled professor. Dean stared for a moment longer, unable to look away, and then rapped his knuckle on the door frame.
When he was only one person away from the register, the barista glanced behind his customer and locked eyes with him. His polite smile slipped briefly, lips staying parted in the same dumb expression Cas was wearing. Slowly, agonizingly slowly, his lips curved up in a genuine smile. Wide with teeth and crinkled eyes. He jumped back into serving the man in front of Cas, writing his order on the paper cup and giving the man his total. When he was gone, it was finally Cas’s turn.
He went from computer to computer, taking each out of sleep mode and performing a shutdown cycle. Soon enough, he got to the computer his mystery man had been using. He moved the mouse, woke the computer up, and was surprised to see that the browser was still up, displaying his most recent search. He was just about to click the little X on the upper right corner when he froze, his mind finally registering what he was reading.
He moved torturously slow as he pushed in further, his finger getting thicker as he worked it in.  Dean’s thighs flexed almost to the point of cramping in an effort to keep still. He wanted to push back and take Cas’s finger even deeper, to force the man to move and
The next morning, he slipped five gift cards into his glove compartment before he left. All of the cards ranged from between $5 and $25, adding up to nearly $70. He hadn’t even realized he was holding onto so much hidden money. He felt better about his decision to start using them, reasoning that it would be a waste since the money had already been spent. Taking a deep breath, he pulled one car space forward and placed his order. Then, he waited for his turn at the window.
“Fuck is right,” Cas agreed, his voice cracking from misuse. He let out a jaw creaking yawn, and snuggled his face into Dean’s shoulder. "Grace will slip through when I'm feeling intense emotions. Battles...sex..."
The nurse smiled in sympathy and pointed out that it hadn’t even been twenty-four hours since his birth. “We won’t know for another few hours. Be patient. Even if he doesn’t see anything, it doesn’t mean much. His soulmate might not be born yet.”
as good as his professor fantasy. Almost. Shit, Cas even had those damn socks on. He couldn’t help but grip himself and give a few strokes in a vain attempt to relieve some of the pressure.
If that was true, then Castiel was doomed. How would someone who already disliked angels feel about Castiel? No one had ever expected Castiel to play such a large role politically, so he was never trained in the customs of other kingdoms; he would likely make a fool of himself and shame his family. Balthazar was with him to make sure he didn’t cause a scandal, but what would happen when he left and Castiel was on his own?
Cas had been going to the same Starbucks for a few weeks, and he was running out of gift cards. The sensible part of his brain was telling him that once he ran out, there was no reason to return. He didn’t like their coffee, and Missouri deserved his continued patronage more than Starbucks did. The other part of his brain would miss the mystery man. He had yet to find out his name, and he was beginning to suspect that he was avoiding choosing his own nametag on purpose.
Hannah offered him a wide smile, holding eye contact for a moment before taking the bill. He got his change back a second later, brushing the man’s warm hand momentarily as he took it from him. “Your drink will be ready in a moment.”
“I don’t know about that.” Dean pointed out with a smile. “You stopped looking for socks, didn’t you?”
The boys who were training looked to be just out of childhood. They were small and thin, arms and legs too long for them to know what to do with. It reminded him of how he was the first time he held a practice sword. Cas’s training had been a trial by fire. Michael had brought him into the garden long before he would have been considered old enough to train, handed him a wooden sword, and started his attack. Hours later, when he came back to the palace with a sprained wrist and covered in bruises, his mom had merely tutted at him and sent him to the doctor. It was a month later that he landed his first blow, hitting Michael in just the right spot that his sword arm went numb and he was unable to continue. While cruel, his training had given him an edge above the others when he entered the military, drawing the attention of his Aunt Naomi and allowing him to rise in rank faster than the others. Commander Naomi had never shown him any kind of favoritism, even going as far as punishing him the one time he accidentally called her Aunt Naomi, but she did allow him the space to grow, and because of her, he had become the Chief Strategist.
“That's fucking awesome." Dean began to card his fingers through Cas's hair. "Don’t go falling asleep on me. It’s only three o’clock. We have a lot to do today.”
“Well, I—” he gulped and fiddled with his collar. With a shaky hand, he reached out and trailed a finger down Cas’s thigh. “I really need to pass your class. I’ll do
Cas wished he lived further away, because his house was only a five minute drive from the library and that only gave him a few more minutes with Dean before they arrived. Dean must have realized that too, because after a few moments of silence he cleared his throat awkwardly. “Why don’t you give me your phone number and I can text you tonight. You know, so we can figure things out.”
Balthazar barreled on, ignoring Cas. “I’ll sit in the back seat and not say a word. You just order your coffee and I’ll observe the interaction. My lips will stay firmly shut the whole time.”
After a few minutes of basking in the sun, he stripped out of his t-shirt, zipped his phone into his shorts, and made his way to the shore with the fishing pole and bait in hand. The weather had truly outdone itself today. The sky was blue, the breeze was cool, and the water was even clearer than normal. He couldn’t keep his eyes off the horizon as he made his way into the water. The warmth soaked into his bones, undoing the pain of sleeping on his brother’s couch for a week. If he paid any attention to the water below him, he would have seen the little round rays shooting away from their hiding places under the sand as he disturbed them with each careless step. Dean made it to a decent spot and cast his line a handful of yards in front of him. With the warm sun on his skin and a rod in his hand, he knew his day was going to be amazing.
Cas rolled his eyes, a happy smile flooding his face with light. “I’m not giving up the shelfs. You have the rest of the garage, so if that’s not enough you should get rid of some things.”
When other children were getting glimpses of public parks or other landmarks, Dean got sightings of the breakfast table. When teenagers were getting sightings that included street names and other obvious clues, Dean was getting sixty seconds of his soulmate’s zero-period calculus class. When other college students were finding their soulmates, he got nothing more than early morning classes and library study sessions. His single-minded focus on his studies was so great that Dean didn’t even know what college the man went to. After college, his sightings became his soulmate’s commute, every day a full minute of morning traffic on some random highway.
“You’re a Mr. Grumpy Pants today, aren’t ya? Listen… I’ll make you another drink and turn that frown upside down. Where’s your Christmas spirit?”
Cas was so flushed he was sure he would catch on fire. He had no excuse—that he was willing to admit to the man’s face, at least. He began to stand. “I’m sorry, let me—”
The longer Prince Samuel stared, the more he wanted to jump out the window and fly away. He felt like he was waiting for the moment Samuel would open his mouth and ask why the hell
“Nothing bad, I assure you.” They finally entered the courtyard, and they could see the newest recruits practicing with dull swords. There were areas for archery, calvary training, and space for men with pikes practicing their charges. They seemed to be separated by size, and the largest of them were grouped off to the side, practicing drills with their swords. “This isn’t too different from the way we do things.”
He cringed at that. “Yeah, I noticed. I never wanted to make you uncomfortable, you know. Charlie told me I was being an idiot, but it’s too hard to switch back and forth. Once I’m at the park, I’m
Fortunately for Cas, Dean was a great multitasker and refocused his attention on Cas’s cock with his mouth while he stroked himself with a tight fist. His husband shifted and squirmed beneath him, fighting the urge to thrust into Dean’s mouth. Dean was having none of that. He let go of his dick for the second it took him to grab Cas’s hand and place it on his head, giving him all the permission he needed to thread his fingers into Dean’s sleep-mussed hair and circle his hips in a low grind, pressing Dean’s nose into the hair at the base of his cock.
He supposed there might be a good reason they hadn’t found each other yet, and that was because Dean rarely left the damn house either. Needing to be in bed by nine or ten really put a damper on his social life, and more often than not, you could find him on his couch, watching tv and winding down. Obviously, they were made for each other. Tipping his IPA to his lips, he drank to that thought.
Cas chuckled lightly, wholeheartedly agreeing with her comment about him being a little thick. Would it really be so bad to have a date with Dean? His immediate thought was
He sat up and pushed the blanket off his legs, already annoyed at the primping that was to come. He’d need to wash with herbed soaps, be coated in special oils, his wings would need to be groomed, the ceremonial robe would need to be put on, and ribbons and gaudy baubles would need to be woven between his feathers. It was going to be a long and annoying morning.
That was the problem with soulmates, though. It wasn’t like you could decide when you were born. Hell, he didn’t even know when his soulmate was getting his sightings. For all Dean knew, his soulmate could be treated to sixty seconds of Dean’s morning shit, or even worse, his nightly wind down time that heavily featured his right hand. It all depended on when the other person was born. Dean couldn’t change his sighting time any more than his soulmate could. He knew the mumbo-jumbo everyone spouted about the
Getting back to the task at hand, Dean laid down next to him and went straight for his mouth. He sighed into the feeling of Cas’s soft lips and the cool tingle of mint on his tongue. Normally, he might be tempted to keep it at that, just the soft push and pull of their lips together, but Cas pretty much gave him the green light to do whatever he wanted for the next twenty minutes, so there wasn’t a second to waste.
He opened his mouth to argue but stopped short. It could work. If Balthazar sat in the back seat, and he kept his big mouth sealed, it was very likely that the barista wouldn’t know anyone was in the car with him. “Actually…”
“Aren't you going to be bored just sitting there? Come on, you’ve been doing that all week. Have a little fun.”
“Help, Cas!” He yelled out, play-wrestling with the two children currently trying their hardest to pin him to the cushions.
This time when he explained the parts of the car, Claire nodded along and even asked questions. “How fast can Baby go?” “What does the radiator do?” “What if you put cranberry juice in it instead of oil?” “When am I going to be able to drive?” It was heartwarming, and she reminded him so much of a younger version of himself that he was getting a little emotional as she shakily held the flashlight and talked his ear off while he finished putting on the new spark plugs.
A hand appeared on the man’s arm, turning him bodily away from Cas and drawing his attention elsewhere. A muttered conversation was had, and a second later not-Hannah turned back to him with an apologetic expression. “I’m sorry. Kevin is going to be giving you your drink today.”
Dean laughed and slapped him on the shoulder. “Fuck. I don’t know how I’m going to keep up with that libido of yours…” But he was smiling ear to ear, and Cas could tell that Dean wasn’t considering it a hardship
being naked. To be honest, the fact that Dean was naked as the day he was born and his husband was still fully clothed was
He trailed a finger down the button front of Dean’s vest, his eyes locked on Dean’s. “Take me to our bedroom.”
He let go of Dean’s cock and stepped back, finally able to catch his breath. Dean’s lips, red and tender from their kissing and the rough way he had bit them, tipped up into a satisfied smile, and he finally opened his eyes and took in Cas’s similarly tousled state.
arts to little Jack, that he completely ignored his daughter. God, she had even asked if she could help and he told her
That didn’t make him feel any better. “Me and my dad used to work on Baby together, and I had all these dreams of teaching my son how to take care of her… and I got so excited about doing that with Jack that I just completely ignored Claire. I feel like shit.”
“Who knows what goes through their small minds? I think it’s to ensure they can’t see us until the wedding. Wouldn’t want them changing their mind.” Balthazar laughed at the thought.
Dean’s heart ached for the girl who didn’t have the support she deserved. “Yeah, my dad passed away, but our parents are both very supportive of us.”
After a few minutes acquainting himself with Dean’s usual band of guards, they left the castle grounds. When Cas first traveled by carriage through the bustling streets, he had been amazed at the amount of life he saw. Zachariah had always talked about Winchester like it was a slum and teeming with garbage, but it was a bustling city just like any other he’d been to on his campaigns. There were businesses, people chatting with friends, families ambling through the streets, and young children playing in fields.
Dean, knowing exactly what he was going to say, rushed to climb into Cas’s lap and slap a hand over his mouth. “Don’t you dare finish that sentence.”
Chenoa. That meant that he had to backtrack north so he could jump on the southbound I-55 and—he rubbed at his forehead, a headache already forming. He’s taken that drive with his soulmate for years, so he was positive he could recognize it if he saw it. Hopefully. If not, he didn’t know what he would do.
Now—years later—here he was, sitting on the couch with Dean and watching cheesy Christmas movies after he put the kids to bed, their bellies still full of Thanksgiving dinner. Sam and Jess, along with their two children, had long since left, taking with them half of the leftovers. It had been noisy and chaotic but incredibly fun.
the easiest. Still, he squared his shoulders and looked into Cas’s blue eyes. “I want to adopt Claire.”
Cas smiled at them, seeing the obvious love and affection in their gazes. It was times like this he wished he had what they did. A boyfriend to call his own and a – His feet stopped moving, forcing them to stop just before they entered the restaurant. His mind swam and his gut clenched.
Zachariah’s eyes swung to Balthazar as if he could have possibly been the strategist she was speaking about. He was surprised his father even remembered he was there, and held his hands up in surrender. The king looked back at Naomi as he wracked his brain for who she could be talking about. “Michael?”
“I don’t often dance, but I will if you ask it of me.” That was a gross understatement. The last time he danced was at Gabriel’s wedding more than six years ago.
“Hot as hell. I swear I was seconds away from passing out this afternoon. My keeper practically had to drag me backstage for my break so I could swap into a clean shirt. I should send the cleaning crew a thank you card for the amount of sweat they’re going to have to wash out of that thing.”
report you and they will be removing you from the property.” And then he was walking away, that familiar coat thrown over his forearm and a walk that would intimidate
This seemed to fluster him even more. “That’s not what I meant, I— uh… I’m sorry. It's late, I should let you get your rest. Tomorrow is going to be a big day.”
Cas got up and straightened his stack of papers before walking around the desk, leaning his hip against the dark wood. Dean knew he was fit and lightly muscled beneath his clothes, but seeing his biceps flexing as he crossed his arms, and the way his wide shoulders seemed to expand as he took a deep breath was something else. “Listen, Mr. Winchester… I don’t know what you expect me to do for you. Your best option is taking the D and then trying again next semester.”
He jerked his wing away. Wings were supposed to be prim and fluffy, always pleasant to look at, but he had never fit the standard and used to resent them in his youth. Now, he felt differently. They were dark, and that kept him safe. They were spiked and aggressive, and that intimidated his enemies. He’s stopped seeing them as unsightly and instead saw that as part of what made him
Rolling his eyes, Dean got up to make himself a second burger. After dinner, they sat down for a little tv. It was one of his favorite places to be, side by side with Claire stretched across their legs. He ran his fingers through her hair, wondering what he did to deserve them.
“What about Michael? From what I can tell, you’re a hundred times better. I was a little worried when you never responded to my letter, but...”
He couldn’t understand his father’s hate for them. Every single man and woman he met had treated him with nothing but respect, offering him sustenance and shelter, and making him feel more at home with them than he ever did at home.
Sam shook his head in exasperation. “Fine, but don’t forget the stingray shuffle. A friend of mine was here a few days ago and he was saying that it was pretty bad out there.”
At the tinkle of the overhead bell, Balthazar glanced over and gave him a bright smile. “Morning, sunshine!”
Castiel Novak hated Starbucks. It was a soulless corporation that produced overpriced coffee that mediocre at best, but it was extremely convenient. Every time he pulled up to the drive-thru and placed an order for a hot coffee with a splash of cream and a single packet of sugar, he knew in the back of his mind that the handful of bills he was about to hand to the barista would have been better spent at a locally-owned coffee shop, or even a doughnut shop. Not lining the pockets of a CEO. He tried his best to stay away, but every once in a while, when his alarm didn’t wake him and he was scrambling to get to work on time, the drive-thru was his only option.
She laughed loudly and practically skipped to the back room to grab her things. He waited until she came back out with her bag and his keys in hand. “You sure?”
Dean stood at the door terrified to go in there and hold the baby, but Cas had no issues about strolling in and pulling the girl into a gentle hug. “You look amazing,” Cas muttered to her.
“Yeah. I talked to him this morning and he told me a little about you, but he’s into that whole angel thing so I couldn’t trust his opinion.”
“I was born at 2:33 in the morning. The only sightings I’ve ever gotten stopped when I was a teenager. The only reason I know I still have a soulmate is because I sometimes wake up after having some very odd dreams.”
“—and of course, we’d like to make each party as comfortable as possible, so we have special rooms in our agency for meetings such as these. Mrs. Kline has given us several dates that she is willing to sit down with you, and working with her schedule is of the utmost importance, so it is important to choose a date that will work for her. I hope you can understand.”
Cas glanced at his watch. “We have to leave in thirty minutes to get Claire from the afterschool program.”
her job, and she was probably the one responsible for finding out who the Angel of Thursday was and bringing him here. If he remembered after she was done with her current rant, he’d have to ask about it.
It was hard, but every time Claire smiled at him and babbled nonsensically, he was reminded that she was worth everything, even being single for the rest of his life. As long as he had her, he would be fine.
He drove south, taking Baby faster than he would normally. The next few minutes brought him the to Target sign he had been on the lookout for, and then a gas station he’d never even seen before. It was twenty minutes before he gave up and headed back to his hotel. When he was finally in his room, he threw himself onto his bed and groaned, fighting the disappointment. Dean couldn’t believe he hadn’t noticed the car pass! He had been looking the whole time, not even pausing to sneeze. He
Thankfully, the woman who played Alice bustled into the room and he had to cut the conversation short. He spent the rest of his shift wondering about the importance of ‘
Her fist pounded on the desk again, hard enough for Zachariah’s dessert wine to slop out of his goblet. “Where. Is. Castiel.”
that was eliciting that reaction. He knew his body was covered in old silver-white scars, his build stocky and thick, far too muscular for an angel of high birth. Next to Balthazar’s lithe and graceful form, he must have been a sore sight. It was likely they just had never seen an angel like him, and that he understood.
“He did?” Cas was surprised, he thought Sam would have run to him and told him how odd he was, both in looks and personality.
He turned to the display in a desperate attempt to change the subject. “I’d like a blueberry muffin and a coffee, please.”
With a backward glance at Dean, who was still being smothered in a hug, he walked over, intent on observing the lesson. Two of the guards followed him, their eyes peeled and ready to protect him at any moment. It felt odd to be the one being guarded, and if anything, it made him miss his old duties even more. He itched to talk to Dean about it, to see if he could be involved in the military once again, but he didn’t want to overstep. He was still trying to figure out his place in Winchester, and while King John seemed to like him well enough, he didn’t want to rock the boat.
Dean signaled his guards to follow, ready to rescue Cas if needed. He was sure nothing bad was happening, the soldiers wouldn’t
They lapsed into silence, Samuel still staring, and Castiel growing so uncomfortable that it was beginning to show in his wings. As his feathers grew more and more agitated, swaying and twitching as if fighting against a strong wind, Samuel’s eyes tracked them, cataloging their movements. Castiel cleared his throat and Sam's eyes went back to his. “I apologize for my appearance. I know I’m…”
It was almost too much for Cas, but by some miracle, Cas was able to get Dean into his costume. Although Dean hadn’t said much more after their brief introduction, Cas could feel the heat of Dean’s gaze on him throughout.
“Stay quiet.” And that was all the warning he got before he heard the snick of the lube opening and felt a cool drizzle of liquid down his crack. He couldn’t help but flinch at the sensation, but Cas didn’t seem to care.
akin to signing his life away. When he first moved to Los Angeles in the hopes of finding a job, he made the trip to Anaheim a few times a month. He had grown up thinking Disneyland was some magical place where dreams come true. That all ended when he got to know some people who worked there. They, just like him, moved to LA in the hopes of making it big. Getting a job at the theme park temporarily while they made their dreams a reality was par for the course, but few made it out. He heard countless stories of dealing with nightmare guests, useless managers, and the strict rules that being an employee of the happiest place on earth entailed. He wasn’t interested in becoming one of them… until it was the only viable option he had.
Blood rushed out of his brain and straight to his dick so quickly he felt a little lightheaded. He tripped forward and threw himself in the chair across from Cas so hard it squeaked in protest and scraped across the floor.
He let out an audible sigh of relief and grinned at Cas. A door slamming alerted Dean to his time crunch. In just a few seconds, Sam cock-block Winchester would be there to help him into the car, so he needed to act quickly. He used his free hand to grab his phone and thrust it at Cas. He took it just as Sam rounded the front of his car. The look on his face as he caught on to the situation was priceless, and he just
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m far from a blushing virgin. I was in the military, and if you think we weren’t—”
A hand fussed with his tan coat, pulling the sleeve back to reveal a white cuff and a black watch. Seven forty-two, it said.
He itched to turn to Prince Dean and ask him point-blank what he was doing. Surely, he knew he was getting the short end of the stick. He
He slumped into the couch and closed his eyes, willing his heart to calm. No matter how often he told himself that it didn’t matter if Cas didn’t want to adopt a child, just the slightest hint of rejection caused him to freak out. Hell, it wasn’t even a hint of rejection… all Cas had to do was question him and he fell apart. “Yeah, sorry.”
Dean did as Cas asked, angling the back side—that was even worse than the front—away from his husband. “You said I couldn’t wrap the round one, and I did! It's wrapped!”
Castiel let him talk, his mind far from the present happenings. Part of preparing for the wedding was having only positive thoughts in his mind, but dread was slowly sinking in and he couldn’t help but picture all the things that could go wrong.
Dean smiled widely and turned to Charlie’s station where she was fighting with Dean’s wig, forcing wisps of black hair back into place. “Awesome. I’m going to…”
“I know you don’t think he’s going to kill anyone, but I’m not so sure. If he wasn’t a killer, why would he be looking up all of these techniques?”
Cas could have laughed. To think that his father’s mad dash to get his brothers married had been for nothing! “I was his second choice? Surely he would have preferred Balthazar or even Gabriel.”
“I’ll text you,” Dean promised him just before Sam slammed his door and walked over to the driver’s side. He rolled down the window immediately, not wanting to miss a word of Cas’s reply.
Either way, Dean loved to watch his husband dress every morning. The magic of him going from a rumpled, boxer-wearing middle-aged dad to a sexy professor
My dad’s been trying to find him for a while so he can offer him rewards and medals for his service to our kingdom, but he’s been difficult to find. That’s all we know: dark hair, blue eyes, and black wings. You’d think we could find him since most angels have white wings, but on the battlefield they all blacken their wings.”
Dean didn’t need to be told twice. Before he could blurt out an embarrassing ‘God, yes!’, He closed the space between them and went for Cas’s shoulders just so Cas would be forced to wrap his arms around his waist. He felt safe and warm, and never wanted to let go. Soon, Cas would have to disappear inside the building, and Dean would have to go back to his hotel room, but for now, Dean could just hold him and tell himself that everything would work out.
“Oh god, no.” he rushed to reassure him with a gentle squeeze to their still clutched hands. “It just seems like it’s happening so fast.”
“Yeah, and then there’s the YouTube channels, and the Netflix documentaries, all of those thrillers you read, and the—”
They all collectively blinked at him and scurried from the room, with only one brave servant remaining. “Sir, would you like us to bring you another breakfast?”
Cas put it down and crossed his arms. “When you said you’d do it, I thought you’d at least try to do a nice job.”
Dean always thought they’d do something a little more exciting for their third anniversary. Maybe a nice bed and breakfast, or if Dean had his way, a long road trip. After all, statistically most marriages that are destined to fail usually do so before the two-year mark, so making it to three years was kind of a big deal. Unfortunately for them, the big day landed on a Thursday. They briefly considered taking the day off and celebrating it, Thursday or not, but if they took Thursday off, they may as well take Friday off too, and at that point, a four-day weekend for the sake of an anniversary started to feel a little silly, especially since they weren’t going anywhere. With two kids, it was hard to find someone willing to watch both of them so they could go off and fuck like rabbits. Overnight was the best their friends and family could do, maybe two nights if they begged.
Zachariah waved him off, jewels glistening on his pudgy fingers. “You must prepare. Do try and look presentable. They’ll be disappointed enough as it is when they see you.”
That look gave him the courage to close the last few feet and step up onto the dais, finally standing shoulder to shoulder with his fiance. With both of them in front of the altar, the priest gave them a smile and gestured for them to take each other in.
slipped the tip into his ass. The stretch burned and his shoulders tensed and he felt hot all over, but he pushed against it, knowing that in a few moments his body would relax. Cas held his finger there for a few seconds before he pulled out and pushed back in, never venturing past his first knuckle. Cas continued to toy with his hole, pushing in and out, pulling gently at his rim until sweat began to bead on Dean’s forehead.
By the time Dean was in the warm bath, Cas still hadn't replied but he didn't expect him to. Lifeguarding was an important job, especially with idiots on bodyboards around, and he couldn't have his phone out when he was supposed to be watching people. Still, he turned his notification volume on the loudest setting and put his phone within reach. He ended up draining and refilling the bath with hot water three times, and by the end of the second hour the pain was practically gone. His toe, unfortunately, still looked like a half deflated balloon.
Charlie finished her tasks first, practically skipping over to his station and helping him zip the appropriate items into each character's garment bag for the laundry crew. “Dean said you’re getting dinner with us. He finally wear you down?”
Maybe it was hope, but Dean thought there was interest in his gaze, if the way his eyes scanned Dean’s face was anything to go by. Unfortunately, he could feel that the water was starting to cool and he felt a pang of sadness that they would have to head back so soon after meeting the lifeguard. Maybe he could convince him to get Dean a fresh bucket of warm water so he could be with the man just a little longer.
“You’re not going to die, stop being so dramatic. God, Dean. Even in pain, you’re still thinking with your dick.”
They drove down to the nearest ice cream shop and both got chocolate-dipped waffle cones filled with two scoops of ice cream. Bright blue cotton candy with sprinkles for her, and cookie dough for him. As they made their way home with ice cream dripped on his shirt and Claire’s lips stained blue, he couldn’t stop smiling and feeling like maybe he
She was absolutely correct about his ass. It was round and firm and flexed under his jeans as he walked the law shelves, running his fingers along the spines and moving his lips as he silently read the titles. He eventually settled on a book and turned to make his way to the computers. His front was just as good as the back, and the way he sauntered toward Cas, hips swinging and stride charmingly bow-legged, almost made him drop the book he had been sliding into place.
“That’s because she leaves halfway through. Trust me, babe, I’m not complaining. These movies are always so ridiculous it makes it worth watching.”
She stifled a laugh behind her hand. “He’s been coming all week. If he was going to murder you, he would have done it already.”
The line took a few minutes to move, but the moment he was in front of the register, his eye caught the ham and cheese croissant and his mouth immediately watered. He pointed at it through the glass and glanced up at Missouri. “That one, please.”
Dean, to Castiel’s surprise, seemed to notice the change in attitude immediately. His flirting calmed and the blushes he used to be able to pull out of Cas were now coming from
Cas rolled his eyes and turned back to the tv just in time to see them staring lovingly into each other's eyes, romantic music playing and lips pulling away. “Did I just miss their first kiss?”
Oh God, he was beautiful. His heart fluttered in his chest for the first time in a while, begging him to talk to the man, ask him out, get his number, try to—
Cas couldn’t help his huff of laughter. “Fine. Put it in the pile, but I’m going to put your name on it.”
Castiel sincerely doubted that. From the moment he walked in on Cas’s first day, he’d acted like an outrageous flirt. “Don’t tell me he’s saying that to the guests…”
usual was the phone call he got from the adoption agency halfway through a tire rotation. He ignored the call, of course, not even bothering to check who was calling. There were dozens of things that could happen to a person while they were under the lift, and none were pleasant. If his boss caught him on the phone under the left, he’d get the lecture of a lifetime. It wasn’t until he lowered the car, put his tools away, and washed his gritty hands, that he even remembered his missed call.
Once again, Cas sprang back to reality only to find that the man was trying to hand him his coffee, arm outstretched towards his car. He flushed immediately and took the coffee, taking care not to touch the man’s hand as he did. He was probably getting put on some kind of Starbucks watch list as it is, and he didn’t want to make things worse. “Thank you.”
“Anna!” he hissed. “I’m not going to—” but he cut himself off, because if the opportunity arose… Well, Dean was a very handsome man. He’d be an idiot not to. “Just get out of here.”
Something that would force him to admit he was sending poor Cassie to the slaughter, but he couldn’t help but feel some pity towards the man. “Yes, well I can confirm they are, indeed, married.”
He pitied his betrothed and dreaded the moment they’d meet face to face. As the Crown Prince, Dean’s portrait had been sent around once he came of age, and while Castiel’s people would admit that the man was merely tolerable by angelic standards, Cas found him to be one of the most attractive people he’s ever seen. He was an intriguing mixture of angelic beauty and human ruggedness: clear green eyes and delicate lips, but with a sharp jaw and even sharper smile. He was broad-shouldered, much like Castiel, and he could tell by Dean’s build that he was tall for a human, putting him roughly at Castiel’s height. Having worked side by side with their commanders and generals, he had been exposed to humans far more than any other of his kind and had always been fascinated by them and their differences. Dean was no exception.
“Well, I still think a rooster would—never mind.” He took a deep breath. “Ok, so I guess there are two things I want to talk to you about. Let me just lead with the easiest.”
He groaned and checked his watch, desperate to get his sighting over with so he just go back to his hotel for a good sulk. Maybe binge some daytime drama shows and try to get in a second helping of breakfast. Dean would know in a few minutes, anyway, whether or not the day would be a bust.
Dean shrugged. “I have to bring the guard, but yeah. I used to just climb out my window and sneak down here when I was younger, and once he figured out I’d keep doing it no matter how much he threatened to lock me in the dungeon, he put the detail on me.” He offered Cas the jar. “Want some?”
“Then I won't look.” Cas let his eyes linger on the man’s face, forcing his eyes away from the name displayed on his chest. He didn’t know what to say. God, he wished Balthazar was there to tell him what to do, wished that he understood people better so he could say the right thing. Instead, he glanced at the wall behind the man and cleared his throat in order to say the first thing that came to his mind. “I’ll have a cold foam cold brew.”
The truth of the matter was that Cas didn’t have a spectacularly high libido—it was all Dean. It was impossible not to look at the man and want to ravish him. From his trim hips and perky nipples to his playful smirk and bright eyes, everything about Dean called to him, and once Dean was in his arms… Well, both he
Still, he had that nagging guilt in his chest as he walked into the house and saw Cas in the kitchen starting their dinner with Jack perched at his hip. Hours later, when they were both in bed, he brought it up to Cas.
Dean sucked in a surprised breath and turned to him with a glare. “Hey! I could totally kick your ass.”
It was silent for a few moments before Cas spoke again. “If you don’t mind me asking, how is the pregnancy going?”
No one who met Dean could say that he didn't love his brother. He talked about Sam constantly, whether it be about his stellar grades, his beautiful girlfriend, or his job prospects. Dean visited him as much as he could, although it wasn't near as often as he wanted. The drive was a hard one, spanning at least two days of driving, and put him out a few hundred dollars in gas, hotel, and food, and sleeping on the couch sucked, but the sacrifice was worth it to have an uninterrupted week with Sam.
“You say this every morning. It's going to be in the high 80’s today so I want to beat the crowd. Do you want my spare bodyboard?”
She seemed startled by the attention. She glanced between them, equal parts exhausted and confused. “You want me to name him?”
As usual, the week was adding up to being amazing. Every morning Sam woke Dean up just as the sun was rising, and rushed him out of the door for a morning at the beach. When they were done with the beach, Sam took him to all of his favorite restaurants, gave him a tour of his campus, and took him to interesting parts of town.
Dean sighed and went back to trying to fuse his face into Cas’s neck. “Fine, I’ll just think it in my head instead.”
He put the tip of Cas’s dick back into his mouth and held it there as he worked his arm under his stomach and stroked his own cock.
He placed his hand over the receiver as the woman continued talking about the meeting process. “It’s the adoption service… someone saw our profile. They want to meet.”
He could barely remember his mild hangover, or the big meal he had been stressing about the day before, which they needed to start soon. With both of his children squirming in his arms, and the soft glow of the Christmas tree, he could only think about all of the Christmases to come and how he couldn’t wait to spend them with his family.
With Dean’s hand on his cock and nimble fingers pinching at his nipples, he was too overwhelmed to answer. Instead, he continued thrusting his hips, forcing his cock through the tight channel of Dean’s fist. All too soon, Dean was pulling away.
One of Dean’s favorite things about going to Palo Alto was the beach trips. As children, their mom and dad took them to the coast the first week of every summer vacation. They gorged themselves on ice cream, ate at cool restaurants, and visited interesting state parks. They always came back a week later horribly sunburned but deeply satisfied. When Mary died, the tradition had stopped. John didn’t have it in him to take the kids alone, and Sam was too young to care. It seemed like Dean was the only one who missed their yearly vacation.
Cas rolled his eyes at Dean. “He has no neck strength and the car seat is angled too far forward, so unless you want me to sit back here and hold his head back for him, we need to figure this out.”
Missouri’s didn’t close… the community would riot. In fact, you’d be on the front lines of the march.”
He must have zoned out because Charlie snapped her fingers in front of his face and jerked him out of the plans he had begun forming for later that night. “Huh?”
“Oh, it’s you,” Zachariah drawled, as if the servant hadn’t announced him. King John himself could have been announced and he wouldn't have paid a lick of attention to the poor servant.
have amazing food. In fact, Lamplight Lounge had the best chili-ginger glazed wings he’d ever tasted, and he salivated at the thought. Cas glanced up at Dean’s freckled face and met his hopeful gaze. The denial got stuck on his tongue, causing him to reconsider. He cursed his weakness for green eyes and pouty lips.
For the first time in his life, Dean spent his sighting wishing it was over. The last thing he wanted was to miss the car driving by because he was too busy watching it happen through his soulmate’s eyes. He could feel it drawing to a close just as the Target sign whizzed past him. Suddenly Dean was back in the Impala, staring at his steering wheel.
“I hope it's ok that I’m here. I know you’re not allowed to see Dean until the ceremony, but I wasn’t sure if it was the whole family, or just him.”
“They’ll get over it! This is way more important than the stupid tower we were working on. I swear, Garth was trying to seduce the dragon, and even
“We’re going to go to the meeting and say hi, answer any questions she might have, and be ourselves.”
The finger retreated and he clenched around nothing for only a moment before two fingers returned, dripping with lubricant. The burn was intense, but once the fingers were in, entering him slowly and carefully, it began to recede. It took only a few minutes for the burn to disappear completely and be replaced by the same growing pleasure, this time building further.
The rest of the ceremony passed in a blur. They were directed to stand, face the crowd, and walk out of the room to the sound of applause. He knew that as Prince Dean walked next to him, he snuck glances, eyes going from Castiel’s profile to his wings and back to the hall in front of them before repeating the process all over again. He knew they were being led to a separate room to sign the marriage contract and have a moment to themselves before they made their way to the feast. Castiel felt a quill being pressed into his hand, felt his muscle memory scribble out a signature, and suddenly, they were being left alone.
He sat down at what he was beginning to think of as The Murder Chair and stared long and hard at the man’s last search. Acid. Lots of it, and google searches asking how long it would take to dissolve a body. It only took Cas a moment to pull out his phone and search up John George Haigh who used it in the 1940s. Apparently, he had only been caught because, in addition to being a serial killer, he was a fraud and crook, and it was those charges that led to the discovery of his killings. Overall, Cas decided it wasn’t a bad way to dispose of bodies, but the logistics of it all would be difficult and it would take time to completely dissolve the body.
A strong hand gripped the back of his neck and pushed his face flush against the desk. “We’ll talk about that later, but for now…” He cleared his throat. “This is your last chance to back out, Mr. Winchester.”
Cas did as Dean asked and lowered himself onto the bed, scooting back until he was able to lay down fully. Dean started with his vest, opening it and revealing his button-down shirt. He could see a warning on the tip of Cas’s tongue. “Don’t worry, it’s not coming off. I remember the rules, Professor Novak.”
“I think it helped acting like an ass. Made it feel like I wasn’t actually trading sex for a good grade.”
Once the car door was shut behind him, he checked the dash and noted the time with dismay. He only had fifteen minutes to get to work, and it took at least ten to go straight there. There was no way he was going to be able to stop by the doughnut shop and grab his usual hot coffee without being late.
responsible for getting the character actors and actresses into their costumes and if he was very lucky, he was able to make small repairs on the costumes themselves. He got dressed in tan khakis and a light blue button-down every morning before reporting for a full day of helping some of the kindest people he’s ever met into elaborate costumes. Cas loved getting his hands on the clothes and was constantly surprised by the quality and fit. He helped Mickey get into his giant gloves and helped ensure Daisy could see out of her mask, made sure every prince and princess was ready for their shows, and did it all working beside Charlie as she secured wigs and touched up makeup.
