“Hmmm…” Dean said thoughtfully, looking Cas over and adjusting his tie. “‘Holy tax accountant of the lord’ I like it.” He smiled and kissed his cheek.
Dean finally spoke a minute after pulling into the garage. “Castiel, can you come to my room in twenty minutes? I want to talk with you.”
"I love you too, Dean Winchester."
“Deanna? Do you promise the same?”
Sam sighed and got up off the bed, grabbing his pants from the floor.
Now, Cas moaned, as Dean marked his neck. He grabbed for the hem of Dean's shirt.
“Hey Cas, are you hungry? I can make you something to eat.” Dean told her, but Cas shook her head.
It's not quite a memory, but it had the same effect on Cas.
Cas obeyed, sucking in a sharp breath.
“Listen, you are and have been obviously, head over heels, in love for as long as you’ve known each other, and I could list a hundred reasons, but you don’t want me to. Trust me. I’ll let you two figure that stuff out on your own.” Sam told him.
"When did that start?" Dean growled.
“Cas, can you come in here?” Dean called, standing in the nursery.
dream. You and Sam are vessels, Michael and Lucifer’s, and they come after me and the baby. Dean, what if something happens?”
o? Muy doméstico." Dean rolled his eyes. "I agree, you two should go talk or make out or whatever you're gonna do… I'm gonna go 'talk' with Samshine over here. See ya!" He walked back to Sam's room, and Cas walked to Dean's.
"For now."
Sam’s eyebrows shot up in alarm, Dean hadn’t called it ‘his’ room for nearly three weeks and he almost never used Cas’ full name.
“Uh,” he smiled shyly, like a kid who’d just gotten caught with the cookie jar. “Hello, Dean.”
She inhaled, finding it increasingly harder to breathe, and opened her eyes.
"Hey." Sam said, with a face splitting smile and what Dean could only describe as heart eyes. "Did you tell him?"
“Yes I will, Samuel. Cas is my baby brother. He may be a seraph, but he’s still my little brother-“
“I’ve forgiven you.” She said, walking away.
“What was that voice?”
“My god you’re a freak.”
“Sam, I’m-“
“What?” Cas said, tilting her head.
“Hey Sam. We aren’t hunting it anymore.”
He blushed slightly.
Damn all those years of reminding Cas about personal space.
ty cozy with D
“Blasphemy!”
"He helped us not too long ago, and… he and I kept in contact."
“Truth is, I’ve seen some crap too. Toured in Iran. Twice.”
Dean walked forward, until they were only inches away, and he kissed her.
“I promise.”
A small cream note with his name in beautiful golden letters was attached to one of the bag’s drawstrings, so he opened it, taking out a piece of glowing, leather cord.
“I love you too.”
I’m leaning towards Skysky because of the sky and celestial connotations, and because I think “love dearly” is a cute phrase, but I want other opinions too! Comment your pick or a suggestion of your own!
"This is a hell of a party."
Cas stood and dropped to his knee, getting Dean’s attention, along with the other fifty people in the restaurant.
“So, I’m gonna guess that you two are my angels, right? I knew you would look heavenly, but this is ridiculous!”
“Really?” She asked, slipping into her true voice.
"I'll get the discharge papers."
“Thanks, kid. You’re cool too.”
“Can I stay here for a few months? Just until I turn eighteen, please?” Hanna asked, looking up at him with the tiniest glimmer of hope in her eyes.
"Dean, I think we should the kids somewhere."
“There is one, Elainel. I’ll call her.” Cas told him, stepping into the hall.
"Not yet. Did you?" Gabriel asked, his expression matching Sam's.
“That’s alright, sir. Are you hungry? Would you like something to eat?”
Dean smiled.
“So what, Sam? I knew what I was getting myself into when I aske-”
“I’m sorry.”
“No.” Cas said quietly.
“Nice one, kid. Did Sammy put you up to this?”
Hanna's jaw dropped.
“Hey mom? Can I talk to you for a minute?”
“Fine, whatever. We need to go, we’ve already spent too much time talking.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I would ADORE feedback on the story so far! Also, thank you for reading and leaving kudos!
"Or," Dean grinned, mischievously, "we could go somewhere a little more private, and-"
Cas nodded, looking out the window. Gabriel and Dean got out of Baby and went inside.
“I love you too.” De took a shaky breath, “Yes.”
There was a bright flash of light and Cas’ vessel crumbled to the ground.
“Are you married? Or can you remember if you have any family we can call?”
Gabriel looked up from his burger with a worried expression.
"So good for me. So well behaved. I think you've waited long enough. Touch yourself."
John did jazz hands, and Dr. Masters rolled her eyes and shook her head of brunette curls, reminding John of something.
“Right.”
“You’re good at reading people.” Dean said.
you. Call me cliché, but you’re one of the very few people I’ve ever loved, and I’m not ready to let that go! Please, just say something!”
Sam dragged Gabe into a kiss, before following Dean, leaving Gabe smiling in his wake.
“So, when’s the wedding?” He said.
“You’re right, I’m sorry. I just don’t want to lose either of you, please?”
Mel - melek - turkish for “angel”
"Nice to meet you, Hanna. I'm Dustin Jameson."
Gabriel smiled.
Sam pulled away a moment later.
"You're lucky I'm in love with you."
Hanna sputtered.
“Bye, bitch.” Dean, the master of eloquence, said from behind the angels as Mirabell fell to the floor, dead.
Sam closed and locked the door, and turned to Gabriel.
Then the violinist, a blonde teenager who looked a year or two younger than Hanna, changed songs again and in walked Bobby and… Cas?
It seemed pretty interesting, so I thought I'd start here. Listen, Uncle Sam, I want to learn how to hunt. And… I want you to teach me."
Thirty minutes later, they walked into their room.
Dean sat up off the bed quickly, but immediately regretted it as a heavy wave of nausea overtook him.
Sam laughed harshly.
"Oh god." Dean said to Gabe and Sam quietly, smiling unconvincingly as people filed in and sat down.
Sam softened.
“Right, and country is better than rock.” He retorted.
Deanna looked at her lap.
“He’s not a woman.” He told her.
“I’m going to-“
“I thought you were married! I asked Sam about it, and he said not to mention it.” Jack piped in, tilting his head slightly.
“Sure Dean, are you ok?” She asked, looking concerned.
“It’s different with Cas, Dean, he’s a freaking angel! He knows better than anyone how dangerous our lives are! Hell, he’s helped us with god knows how many cases! Just reconsider, please?”
Dean repeats in the back of his mind.
“Yes, I think that’s a good idea.” She said, closing the book and putting it down.
Sam smiled.
Sam, however, took his time walking in and sitting down at the table, much to Dean’s annoyance.
He took the mustache off gently and kissed him.
“Any ideas as to what it might be?”
Her brother had wings.
Sam inhaled slowly, trying not to lose it.
"You're a pro, and even if I'm not going to use it, it's still a good idea to learn how to defend myself."
Dean knew on some level as soon as he was awake.
I headcanon Gabe as the person who shot off the flare gun, mainly because it seems like something he would do. XD
“So, what happens now?” Cas asked.
"Hey there." He said.
“My name is Elaniel, I never got to officially meet you in heaven, but you are my hero. My shift ends soon, would you mind getting lunch with me? I would love to hear about your adventures. Please?”
“Hey, what’s up? How’s the hunt going?” Sam asked, answering the phone.
“I believe the baby may be starting to reach out to us.” Cas grinned proudly.
“Did you just Dali freaking yoda me?”
“It’s been awhile.” He admitted.
“Cas, you didn’t do anything wrong. Dean’s kind of an idiot when it comes to relationships, but he does love you.” Sam told him, getting out and going inside.
Gabriel smiled smugly.
“Uh… Anybody want pancakes?” Dean changed the subject.
“No thank you!”
“I mean it, Dean!”
It scared him more than he wanted to admit.
"Dean, what year is it?" He asked slowly.
“Leave him alone, Gabe. I thought you had a plan.” Sam said, indignantly
"Cas, I'm so so screwed up. I'm not-"
They smiled and hugged, and the world felt a little more stable under their feet.
“Ok, so what is this and why did it make me freaking collapse?”
“Did you just say ‘son’? It’s a boy?”
Then he remembered that she wasn’t his brother.
“Sure! Maybe… a salad?”
“Dean, this doesn’t make any sense. Start from the beginning.”
“Did I mention I hate you? Come on, you know I hate Tuesdays. You’re part of the reason I hate Tuesdays!”
“Lovely! I’m sure she’s a very lucky woman!”
“Ta da!”
Dean and Cas looked at each other.
Cas smiled and sat up.
"We're engaged." Gabe said.
Dean wondered, although he knew that he himself certainly hadn’t been the most upfront person about whatever they shared.
“Probably until after the birth, once I have my strength back.”
“We aren’t dating.” Sam practically growled.
Dean kissed her again, still holding her closely.
“I’m very sorry Ms. Castillo. Does De know why we’re here?” Cas asked gently.
Dean went quiet until they got to Baby.
"What are you doing?" Sam asked, quietly.
“Go tell Sam.” She smiled at him, breaking the kiss, and pushing him towards the door.
“Yep.”
“Cas, do you want to talk?”
“Good different or bad different?” Dean asked, looking worried.
“Oh. Alright, Dean.” He said quietly.
“I really do want her to stay here, with us.” Cas said, words muffled by Dean’s chest.
Something inside of him reminded.
Cas shoved the laptop aside, and repositioned herself next to her older brother, looking at him expectantly.
"The hospital... Remember?" Sam replied with his own question, blushing.
"How's my favorite sibling? Heard you're preggers! Congrats!" He hugged her.
Sam frowned, but said nothing.
She nodded slowly, not breaking eye contact for a second.
“Dean, she’s your daughter and she needs a place to stay. She should stay here.”
“I have a child. A daughter, Cas.”
Claire smiled innocently, and Dustin went white.
ck.” He said, handing her the blade.
"So beautiful for me" Cas marveled. "Color?"
"We aren't dating, Sam." He explained quietly, getting redder and redder as the minutes ticked by.
“I mean it. Deanna Manchester, will you marry me?”
“That’s it! I swear!”
“Cas, the humans.” Gabe chided softly.
"I want you to wear whatever you're comfortable in, but I also want it to be a surprise. What else do we need? The place, how the tables are set, and… The honeymoon. I think we should take the kids on vacation, but we can do the standard honeymoon thing if you want."
She turned towards the door, but she caught sight of her stomach, which at some point had started glowing it's comforting dull blue.
So he did.
“H- She’s pregnant.”
Dean steeled himself for the fight.
“Really Castiel? You of all angels know the consequences of bringing nephil in to being, let alone with a Winchester?” Ishim sneered.
Sam nodded looking more scared than Gabriel had ever seen him.
Cas sighed, annoyed with his self deprecation.
“Yeah, I- I just need to go find Gabriel.”
“Dean?” Cas took out her angel blade and gave it to him. “Keep
She covered her face with her hands.
“Yes, you’re my Cassie’s guardian angels. I cannot thank you enough for what you are doing, using your time to take care of her like that… thank you”
Dean pursed his lips.
Cas looked at him, confused.
He had to do something!
“We may have found him-“
“Would everyone stop protecting me?!” Cas yelled and stomped off to her and Dean’s room.
"Charlie? My son?"
Dean kissed her, holding her closely.
“Hanna, this is Cas. Castiel, my fiancée. Cas this is Hanna, my daughter.” Dean said gently.
son reached out to Hanna and I.”
De shook her head.
Cas paced the floor of their hotel room. It was six in the morning and she hadn’t slept a bit that night, despite feeling exhausted from the day before.
“I miss not having to worry about things.”
, worried.
“Are you ok? You look lik-“
“It’s no problem,” Dean replied, “helping people is kinda the family business…”
“Mmhm.” She replied, stepping out of the dressing room with a flowy silver and blue dress on. “I’m not so sure about this, Dean. It’s not very practical.” She looked up at him with a worried expression.
"Dean? What did he mean?"
“Really? I thought you had been together for at least a year before I got here.”
Sorry, probably shoulda said that different. I'm so sorry, Castiel. Cas."
be fine.” Cas pleaded.
“I raised him from perdition after he saved Sam by trading his soul for Sam’s life.”
“Don’t call me that.”
“I love you too.” She said, and silence settled over the room.
“Thank you for your call, goodbye sir.” The man says, hanging up on him.
as suggested, standing and resting
“Humans.” She muttered, brandishing her blade.
(Oops, here Bean!)
, Cas. You aren’t hunting, end of conversation.”
"First, I just wanted to apologize for earlier. I deleted the video, but I still feel like a huge jerk."
“I forgive you. It’s pretty hard finding out that the monsters under your bed were real. On top of meeting your father, his fiancée, and your uncle, and finding out they fight said monsters?” Cas paused, eyes darkening for a second. “I understand it.”
“Dean, I
Gabriel smiled.
“Yeah Dean, I know. I was the first person you told!”
“Smart ass.”
“Dean’s not here.”
“Yeah, turn around.” He said.
“How long, Castiel?”
"You'll never belie-" He paused, did a double take, and backed out of the room. Ran loudly down the hall, and slammed the bunker door.
Sam was about to respond, when he heard something big fall.
"Really? Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! I won't let you down!" She smiled.
Cas smiled at Dean as they walked over.
"In your room. Cas, he has amnesia."
“Mmmm, Cas.” Dean moaned, pulling the angel closer sleepily.
“Hear that Baby? Your daddy wants to name you Dave.” She said quietly, rubbing the non-existent bump softly.
“So, what’s the baby’s gender? Do angels just know, or do you go somewhere?”
“Am I-?”
"Hiya! Long time, no see, little bro!" He said to Castiel.
Dean knocked on the door.
Both brothers looked at their angels, who had slipped into a conversation in enochian and smiled, both thinking they were the luckiest men in the world.
“Thank you, Sam.” She said.
“Very, just, please try to be quiet?”
Cas looked at him thoughtfully.
“He’s saved the world.”
The hunter grinned and picked her up, carrying her to their room.
“I love you, Castiel.”
“Dinner and a movie? You pick where we eat, but not Olive Garden, alright?”
“I’m gonna go. Have fun, kids. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” Dean said, backing out of the room.
“No, I’m sorry Mr. Winchester, you just missed him. He just left to have some tests done.”
Dean hugged her and kissed the top of her head.
"Yes I am, Winchester."
"Hey Bitch, what's up?"
"That's why I'm not going to tell him." She said, quickly.
"Cas." Dean reached for his other hand. "Castiel, when I got in the accident, the only thing I could remember was that I needed to get home to someone. I couldn't remember my own name, but somehow I knew that the love of my life was missing from it. I love you and I promise to always keep searching for you."
Sam hung up.
"It's getting late, let's go to bed, Baby." Dean said, leading her towards their room.
“You’re amazing, you know that, Angel?”
Dean walked into the room and smiled at them, before kissing Cas’ hair.
Dean kissed her and helped her stand, his hand lingering over her stomach.
“He’s not going there to tell them about the baby, is he.” Cas asked after a few minutes.
"That's smart, but I'm not sure that Dean would want you-"
“Hey, how are you feeling?”
“It’s a boy.“ Cas answered quickly. “I think it’s a boy. It would be nice if there were somewhere, but conceiving nephilim is outlawed by Heaven.” She looked over at Hanna, who’s mouth was hanging open and winced.
“So,” Dean said, setting his bag on the bed. “I was thinking we could one last night together.”
“No Sam, it’s Cas.”
"Sam! What the hell am I doing? I can't marry Cas! She's going to hate me! I'm going to mess everything up! I CAN'T DO THIS!" Dean ranted, until he felt his cheek stinging sharply.
“And you love Cas.”
"No, you're dead. Lucifer killed you!" Dean said.
"Yes, shut up! I-I-"
"Gree-ahh-green!"
"I think she was the violinist, but I don't remember hiring her, do you?"
“Yes, but that was when I was human!”
"I- I should've asked. I suck."
"Do you love me?"
“There’s a pregnant angel asleep on the couch and I would appreciate if she stayed like that for a bit longer.” He announced protectively.
Dean gasped and smiled.
Sam and Gabe looked at each other and ran to Dean and Cas' room.
Cas chuckled.
“Sam, I can’t find Dean. Please tell me you know where he is.” Cas asked, walking into the room
“I’m sorry about how rude I was.”
“Cas, are you ok?” He asked, holding her hair back.
"YOU CRASHED MY DADS WEDDING!"
Dean smiled, and then froze.
Sam looked him over with wide eyes.
“Dean, we talked about this! No cowboys!” Cas protested.
Dean smiled and kissed her softly.
"Meg" Sam finally said.
"Yeah, having everyone in one place was wonderful.
“Fine! I’ll ask him out. You happy, Sam?”
Gabe, who had walked in to the room just before the slap, backed out slowly, unnoticed by the humans, and bolted back to the room Cas was using.
"I know Cas, but we're almost there." Dean comforted him. He would never admit it, but Cas moaning like that, even in pain, was hot.
"Nice try Dean, but we all finished about a minute or so ago." Sam spoke up from behind his phone screen.
She stormed out of the room, tears falling heavily.
"Yeah, ok. Thanks for being so cool about it, Dean."
Dean’s mouth dropped open in shock.
Sam grabbed an angel blade off of a shelf, and the two humans started to leave.
Dean smiled, calming down.
“And coffee?” Cas asked hopefully.
“Dean, I have something im
want to do?"
“Dean, that wasn’t nice.” He said.
"I could ask you the same thing. H- have you been sleeping?"
"Thank you." Castiel said, curtly.
"Knowing Cas, you're probably right. Good night, son. I-I love you."
"So, who are you, and why are you here?"
“Yes, it’s Sam Winchester.”
Cas closed her eyes and shook her head.
“Sam, this is serious. I’m going to be a… Crap. I got Cas pregnant!
Also, grammar corrections, feedback, kudos, and other stuff is much appreciated!
Cas kissed him and took the cloth to unfold it, and he buried his face in her shoulder to hide his embarrassed blush.
means.” He replied angrily.
“I wish I could give you more than I can. You deserve the world. I-“
Dean turned to her and dropped his hands to his side.
me hundreds of times, archangel, Gabriel? You're-"
“I feel almost human, I think something might be dampening my powers.”
“I’m fine. Where am I?” He asked impatiently, he couldn’t shake the feeling that he needed to call… someone. He couldn’t remember who, though, or even why.
“You won’t let it happen again.”
“Are you sure?”
Sam grinned.
“It’s ok, Cas. It’s fine, baby, it’s ok.” He said, petting her hair softly.
Dean smiled, and nodded proudly, rubbing the back of his neck and blushing.
Cas walked in, and Dean followed him.
Skysky - Elsk dyrt - danish for “love dearly”
Cas smiled softly.
The man types something quickly, and the computer reads it out to him.
"No, but I'm pretty sure she knows."
Cas flinched.
Sam walked into the kitchen to grab Gabe and himself coffee.
“I can do that for you sir, can I have your name so I can pull up the order?”
“That sounds nice, what did you have planned?”
“I know.”
Dean rolled his eyes.
“I need an ambulance.” The man known as Sam Winchester said quietly into the phone.
“Do you need a ride home?”
His face broke into a smile.
“Bitch.”
“Doesn’t matter. You look great, Cas.”
“When a man loves an angel very much-“
Just then, he saw Cas walk into the room and sit near the back. She was wearing the blue and silver dress from the start of the pregnancy. He didn't remember her buying it, but he must have forgotten.
Sam threw on pants, motioning for Gabe to do the same, and grabbed for a gun. He made his way to the door and opened it.
"I know you." Dustin smirked.
“No.”
“Ellen Harvelle, Jo Harvelle, Ash Willingham, Pamela Barnes, Jessica Moore, Ben Braeden, Lisa Braeden.” Sam says quietly, to himself.
Damn angel. Why’d he have to be so… him?
“Can I just send back the meal? Get my money back?”
Tears slipped down his face, and he hugged his angel.
“Fine.” Sam sighed, “Just, don’t bring any of it up. Especially around my family.
De smiled.
Dean stared at her.
“Fine. She doesn’t like me, anyway.”
"Hello, Mr. Doe, Sam, and who's the little doe ball? Your kid, Dean? Looks like you. Congratulations, by the way! I heard you got Clarence knocked up. Took you two long enough."
“Dean,
“Dude.” He said. “I never even mentioned Cas.”
“So, you’re an angel…? What’s that like?”
“I didn’t think I would ever be able to have something like this, thank you.”
Cas goes into labor. Dean kills an old foe. Sam and Gabriel talk.
Dean sped down the road, debating whether to call Cas or Sam first, when something sent his car flying.
“It’s just a gift. Don’t read into it. You made it perfectly clear you’ve- what were the words you used? Oh yeah, ‘you’ve had enough of my games!’ Whatever the hell
Sam sighed.
Dean pushed him into the wall, kissing him feverishly.
"Sam..." Dean warned his brother.
“I wasn’t saying you didn’t know what you were getting into, but I don’t think we can be together. I-I don’t want you to get hurt or worse, like everyone else in my life.”
“I know what it is that you’re dealing with.”
He laid back, but was relieved to realize that he still remembered everything.
want, ok?” He told her.
“Are you sure that’s appropriate to talk with a teenager about? When I went to tell Sam that dinner was ready last night, he looked like he’d been making out with someone, and Gabriel was in the closet, hiding. I don’t even want to think about what they’re doing right now.” Dean whispered, cringing.
“Oh my god! A blind meat salesman?”
"Thanks Sam, that's real nice." Gabriel said sarcastically, walking into the room. "Hi Cassie."
"So, we're finally married." Dean said, turning around and wrapping his arms around his angel. His husband.
“Yep, always next time, Honeybee.”
Cas hugged Sam tightly.
"Hello, Dean." Cas replied rigidly.
“Hi. I have something for you. A gift.”
“It’s fine, just keep your eyes on the road.”
“Are you ready to come out yet?” Dean asked, trying not to feel too weird clothes shopping with his pregnant angel fiancée.
She took a deep breath and stepped in.
“Thank you for your service.” He said and she nodded.
He asked silently.
"I think I know someone who might be able to help. I'll be right back." Sam left again, returning with someone in tow.
She rolls her eyes.
“Sam, are you ok? Sam? Sammy!”
Dean paled.
Sam softened.
“Deanna.” Cassie started firmly, wiping the tears from her eyes, “Please just say my name. My real name.”
“Gabriel? Can we talk?” Sam said, voice shaking slightly, betraying him.
"That's complicated. Do you want me to?"
She bit her lip, and shook her head.
Cas dipped Dean into a kiss, making everyone laugh.
“Cas? Castiel? My best friend? My angel? Love of my life? I’m sorry this happened.”
“Who are you people?” Hanna asked, holding up a book on
“Yes, he will be fine, Charlie.” Cas told her son gently, smiling uneasily.
"Hey Dean, Hanna, thanks for hauling down this way. Dean I'm glad to see ya passing down the family business."
“Who’s Gabriel?”
“Hey, it’s not your fault.”
He got up, and picked Dean up to put him on the bed.
“He seems sweet. You’re a lucky guy.” Cassie said.
“You ok, Cas?”
Dean was making lunch the next day when Sam and Gabriel finally came back out of Sam’s room, holding hands, much to Dean’s amusement.
Dean looked extremely confused.
“You could bring Gabriel?”
Dean stepped backwards, looking down, and Cas stepped forwards with a huge smile on his face. He grabbed for Dean’s hand, and Dean looked up at him.
Of course he has wings, he's half angel! She reminded herself.
"Yeah, sure. She's an angel. She's your best friend. And she's scared to death, and needs you to remember, and come back home to her." He shouted at Dean, just as Dr. Masters walked in.
“After Dave Mather?”
Cas groaned.
Cas nodded, shocked and not hearing anything, let alone processing it.
Sam was engaged.
“Yes ma’am, will do.”
“Starving.”
"Sam?! The hunt went sideways and Cas got hurt!" Dean yelled, hoping that Sam would appear soon.
“Yes, we can! We just need to be extra careful where we put the stuff. The baby will be fine.”
"I got stabbed. I don't have enough grace to heal myself."
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re going to be a great parent too, Castiel.”
Hanna looked at it and rolled her eyes.
considering the fact that she's my step sister."
"Well," Dean started, grabbing Cas' hands and kissing them. "We
Cas opened his eyes and smiled.
“Wings, Dean. Wings. Think about it.”
"Not much, the last thing I really remember was getting torn up, and getting my ass thrown straight to hell."
“Thank you, Sam.” She said hollowly, and he decided to drop it.
"Who-?"
Hanna sat up and rubbed her eyes, and then they left.
A - 1. B - 2. C - 3. D - 4. E - 5. F - 6. G - 7. H - 8. I - 9. J - 10. K - 11. L - 12. M - 13. N - 14. O - 15. P - 16. Q - 17. R - 18. S - 19. T - 20. U - 21. V - 22. W - 23. X - 24. Y - 25. Z - 26.
"Will do." Dean smiled and stood up, walking over to the bed.
*nervous smile* donthatemeeverythingwillbefine!
Sam scoffed, and was about to reply, when Dean walked in.
Bobby said nothing, turned around, amd walked away.
Claire said, shooting Hanna the evil eye.
t was
"I don't know, Cas." He lied.
It broke a moment later, when Cas ran to the bathroom, heaving.
Dean prayed to Cas, as the three of them walked to the kitchen.
Cas nodded again.
Cas nodded, and their eyes met.
“Dean, you’re a hunter and I’m an angel, you can’t just get rid of all of the weapons! Cas yelled at him impatiently.
“I don’t know, she just told me.”
“No! Cassie no. Please? Casandra, hang on for me Angel. Please? I love you.” De sobbed as Cassie grabbed her hand and smiled peacefully.
“You- you’re eyes were just glowing.”
“Wha… Cas? I- no, that’s… Shut up!” Dean sputtered, blushing slightly.
Cas nodded.
"Our nephew, babe. He's going to fix it."
“Never mind.”
Cas cleared his throat.
he reminded himself, tightening his grip on the steering wheel.
“I’m good. Now, can you stand for me?”
Charlie said quietly.
"And you're a-"
“Why do you need to talk with him?”
“What are you doing?” She asked, giggling.
This is where it gets really good! The birth! Also some other stuff!
“More than he knows.”
He kissed his collarbone, making him shake and whimper desperately.
“On a date.” Gabe said hopefully.
“Right, burgers!”
“What? We just got together an hour ago.”
However, the lips that brushed his own hurt him more than a slap ever would.
“What can I say, Sammy? I’m a kinky bitch.” Dean grinned.
Sam sighed, stood up, and left the room, clearly disappointed in his brother and friend.
“I was talking about Cassie and Deanna. You gave them time together that they wouldn’t have had if you weren’t there, even if it was only a minute. It was still something!”
"No thanks, jerk." The brothers grinned and hugged.
"Dean-"
"I think it's time we start the wedding."
Sam pulled into the driveway and parked.
He reached for his hand, but Sam jerked it away.
Sam ignored him and checked his brother over.
At least, he was pretty sure that was what the younger hunter was doing.
“Ready to go, Sammy?”
"That'll teach that asshole to knock first!" Dean said.
"Meaning I have to dig a hole."
“The love of my life.”
“Fine.” She said.
“I know.” Cassie hung her head, “I’m so sorry, De.”
“Hey, keep this safe for me? I have to go now. I love you, Cas.”
"That's part of why you're amazing. And part of why I love you."
“Well…”
“That’s the tenth time someone has asked me that today. He’s my father.”
“Thank you, I’m glad you like it, but I need something practical for hunting. It could get stuck.”
Sam smiled as he regained consciousness, Gabriel kissing his face, neck, and chest.
Confusion spread over Cassie’s face. “Yes?”
“Three hundred, fifty two and a half.” He said over his shoulder.
“Fine, but you shouldn’t eat too much junk food. I’m getting you a salad too. I feel dirty just saying that.”
Cas was crying.
"Yep. Alright, no mall, what do
“I- I think I want to keep it.” She said.
“Castiel,” he said. “That’s not healthy. Come here, I have news, Baby bee.”
"Not really 'help' as much as an extra pair of hands."
When Dean finally got a hit on Lucifer, he wanted to punch something.
“Cas-“
“Gross! Get a room, lovebirds!” Gabe chuckled, holding a smiling Sam’s hand under the table.
“What?” Dean asked, not understanding what Cas meant.
"Where are you, Jerk? Bobby just called, there's a ghost in Scotland that needs that he needs help with."
"Thank you, Cas."
“She’s in the library.” Dean conceded, hanging his head. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for this to happen.”
you were gone, ou
The younger hunter looked at Gabriel longingly for a second, then decided against it.
“Cas, we’re leaving. Cassie thinks Chevys are overrated and I don’t want you to be around someone like that.” Dean told him.
"Cas-"
Cas cupped Dean’s face and pulled him towards him, kissing him softly.
"Two weeks, and you're just telling me now! He is so gonna get his ass kicked when we get b-"
“By the power given to me by my father, I pronounce your souls bonded. You may kiss.” Cas said, smiling and dropping their hands.
“Dude, are you ok? You just passed out!”
"Dean, what was Sam talking about?"
"I thought teenagers loved this crap..."
“Maybe this?”
"Absolutely you can not. You don't know how to handle a gun, let alone fire it, and you don't have training!  No, no, no, no, no. Bad idea."
Dean peppered his face with kisses, and Cas laughed and captured his lips.
"I do."
“Ok.” Gabe said.
“A Nephilim. The child of a human and an angel. We aren’t going to hunt it.”
(I’m serious about feedback guys, I’m really self conscious and even tiny shows of appreciation make me feel indescribably happy!)
“Come on Uncle Sam! He’s my father! I
“We’re good. Dean’s been treating me like glass, and being a little annoying, but he’s taken care of us so much already. It’s amazing.”
“Dean, food is also good for the baby.”
“Thank you!”
“Yes, but you aren’t the most by the book angel out there. And that’s a good thing! Besides, this isn’t the first time you’ve slept.”
“Dean, say something. You’re scaring me. You haven’t said a word since you got off the phone with Sam. Are you angry, happy, excited? Please just give me something to work with.” Cas pleaded.
"Dean, I think we should have the talk we discussed on the way here."
"Dean? Can I talk to you?" Sam asked, approaching him close to the end of the reception.
“Yeah, but it was gone as soon as I remembered it.”
“What if one of these times, he doesn’t come back? Or what if he decides he doesn’t actually want me? Or something happens to me?”
Dean's jaw dropped.
“Ok, what the hell? SAM? GET YOUR ASS IN HERE!” Dean yelled. “Cas? You too, buddy!”
A tense moody silence filled the room.
He was pretty sure the angel knew where he stood in that regard, though.
“Oh, uh, ok.”
“I’m sor-“
Cas nodded.
The door of the room slammed open, revealing an excited Sam.
“Um, so I was thinking you could possess me and see if you could heal me and if not, let me live long enough to get my stuff in order. Then I want to die quick and painless.” Cassie said, distracting Cas from snapping at Dean.
It’d felt so right. He’d thought, even fantasized, about kissing Cas before, but this wasn’t anything like he’d expected. Cas’ lips were unbelievably soft and tasted slightly like honey, and it was both the best and worst kiss he’d ever had.
“Stop it!” She giggles, “I’m mad at you!”
“Ok, Cas and Gabriel, you two take Hanna to the basement, Sam, we’re gonna go fight whatever the hell this thing is. Got it? Good, come on.”
She ran back out to pack.
Sam looked up from his laptop with a worried expression.
“Bye Cas, bye Dave!”
He kissed her.
Cas nodded, trying to push down the images of finding him in hell, rebuilding his body and soul, and flying him out.
“I can’t believe I’m letting you talk me into this! Dean’s going to kill me.” He paused, thinking of an idea. “You know what? Go ask Cas! She’s basically your stepparent!”
"Shut up, bitch."
During the dinner, Cas had slipped the ring to the waiter and it sat on top of the whipped cream on Dean’s slice of pie.
“Cas, you need to stop that!” He protested.
Dean ran his fingers through her hair.
"It was..." Cas started, turning to Dean.
“I’ll be back in an hour or two with lunch. I love you.”
Sam’s sharp gasp only added to his suspicions.
“I- I know. I just… I wish I could’ve done more for them. I’ll be fine, I promise.” She said, wrapping her arms around her middle and shivering slightly.
“Yes, Dean. I’m alright. Just a nightmare. Is the battle over?”
“My brother. Apparently Cas is pregnant, and he’s freaking out.” Sam filled him in.
“Wait, when was the last time you went on an actual date, huh Sample size?”
“I love you.”
feel free to give me a call. Ok?” She said.
"Sam!" His angel ran to him, and he kissed him softly.
“Good morning Mr. Doe. How are you feeling?”
He opened the door.
"Yes sir." He correcting himself. "'M sorry, sir."
“Stop. Sam, just stop!” Dean half yelled, storming out, Castiel ran after him.
Dean started to protest, but Sam stopped him. “Now, Dean! Meet me in the kitchen. Hanna? Do you want anything? Pbj? Water?”
"Yeah, Gabriel. Right?"
“Jack, come here.” Cas said.
“Morning, Beautiful.” The archangel responded, kissing him soundly.
“Dave?”
“I don’t know.”
"Really?" She asked. "Yes, I'd love to. We can start with… I have no idea."
“Come on, Dean! Fords are better by far!” Cassie giggled, and Dean glared at her.
Cas grinned at him and he grinned back.
Sam sighed.
“Ok, let them in, hon.” The woman inside called.
“Suicide.”
more private...?'" He said, and Dean blushed.
“I’m glad, Cas. Any idea what junior is yet?”
“What ever you say, Jerk… I’m gonna go to the store, give you some time alone.”
“Ok, but you need to tell me what’s going on.”
"What an asshole." Claire said, under her breath. "Are you ok, Hanna? What's on that paper?"
“Yes!” Cas yelled, and Sam winced.
“Deaaannnn!” Cas whined, “I can’t just calm down! I’m not supposed to sleep!”
"Ready?" He asked.
Cas smiled.
“God, I love him.” Dean said under his breath and ran to catch up to his angel.
“It’ll be quick, ok? It’ll be fine,
“Ok, now that
He patted his jeans down until he found his wallet, he took out his credit card and handed it to her.
"You don't know me, remember?"
“Sam-”
“Mine.”
"Gabriel, just desserts prankster,
“Cas, we should probably leave soon.”
Sam stood up, sat next to her, and hugged the angel.
After what felt like an eternity, they were back at the bunker.
He shuttered as the memories of “I need you”s that meant more than face value bombarded him.
Jody, Ellen, Bess, Gabe, and Cas swapped pregnancy stories.
“You WHAT?”
"Castiel? Do you promise the same?"
“My name’s Hanna Marten. Is Dean Winchester here? I need to talk with him.”
“Are you serious? You’ve got to be kidding.” Sam said, as Gabriel pulled into the parking lot of a karaoke bar.
“Sam.” Gabriel tried, but Sam left the room.
“It’s a protection bracelet.” He said, matter-of-factly, “The sigils and things are supposed to ward you, protect you from spells, give you strength and energy, the works. But if you put it down too quickly, or if someone tried to take it from you with force, it weakens them to the point of collapse. There were instructions in the bag.”
Gabriel scrambled across the room, as Sam smoothed himself down and opened the door.
20 14 2 13 13.  24 16 19 5 20. 14 2 26. 4 16 15 21 2 10 15. 4 13 22 6 20.
They slipped into the hall.
“Cas, I want to do it. Even if we need him to do it. I want to be bonded with you like that.” Dean interrupted, cupping Cas’ cheek and looking into his bright eyes.
“Fantastic. So, we have no idea what this is or how to stop it, and it’s powering you down. Freaking fantastic.” Dean sighed.
"Yeah?" Gabriel replied, reluctantly.
Then he turned red.
nd on Dean's shoulder gently.
The thing that convinced him though, was the way she held herself. It was just so
"Anybody want food?" Bobby asked, breaking the tense silence. "There's chicken and steak, and a whole lotta sides."
Dean sighed.
Mary joined in, and soon the brothers were part of it too.
"That's what I said, isn't it sweetheart?" Dean smirked, lounging against the door frame of a storage room.
"Here," she pressed his ring into his hands. "Almost forgot to give this back to you, love."
“Wings? Really, Dean?”
"Damn it Sam! I haven't been sleeping because every time I close my eyes, I see Lucifer murdering everyone I love. He was the one who flipped my car, and I've been trying to track him down."
Dean looked around and realized they were in a parking lot in front of a Texas Roadhouse.
Meanwhile, in Cas' room…
"I don't know! Take her to the mall or something? Or you could ask her what she wants to do?"
"Yes, ok? I love you!" Dean cried, self loathing and expecting stinging pain on his cheek.
They walked in to see Sam with his arms around Gabriel, both grinning, along with Hanna, Mary, Bobby, Ellen, and Jo, Claire, Jody, Donna, and Alex, Garth and Bess, Anna, and for some reason, Meg.
“Dean.” He protested. “We can’t leave! Elainel will be here tomorrow afternoon, and Cassie-“
“Alright.” Dean scrubbed his face with his hands. “Gabriel, you help them get to the basement and then come find us when you’re sure they’re safe. Sam and I will be trying to get rid of them, but if we go down, you three are to regroup and get the hell outta dodge. Cas, come with me?” He asked, voice strained with unshed tears.
"I love you too, Cas."
"What happens... Betrays... Die. ... Be stupid, Dean... Smart way."
“Good luck.”
Cas stared in to the jewelry case thoughtfully.
“Oh, Dean! It’s
Roadhouse, and I’m pretty sure there aren’t any for a couple hundred miles.” Dean said, and Cas started walking away.
"You're
"I'm trying... Way... Not working... Can't find... Got to go... Cas... Worried... Love her."
Sam’s mouth dropped open, and he noticed things about her that he hadn’t noticed before. The green eyes, the sandy hair, even the flannel and the Bob Seger t-shirt reminded him of his brother.
"Hey." Sam spoke up gently. "We'll figure it out, I promise."
“Sam.”
“Dean, I know that you’re queer.”
Med - med - russian for “honey”
"Hey! When did you get back? I didn't hear you come in. How was Portland?"
"Please."
"Nice to meet you, Dustin, So how do you know Dad? Are you a cousin or something?"
Sam started to speak, but Hanna cut him off.
“Damn it, Gabe! I have tried so hard to stay away from you, but you have to be so frustratingly sexy, and adorable, and funny, and I just can’t do it anymore!” He yelled, pulling Gabe into his lap and kissing him.
Sam barked out a laugh.
as. It’s all ok.” He smiled, “
“No!”
to Hanna standing over he
Cas smiled.
“Cas-“
Castiel's expression changed from pain to confusion to shock, and Dean cursed himself for slipping up like that.
"Yep." He said, grinning.
She stepped back.
“Sure, Cas. Go ahead, I’m going to go in to town and stop by Harvelle and Singer’s.” Dean said, leaving the house.
Dean didn’t register punching the mirror, but he certainly felt the splitting pain that came after.
“Cas, I want to take care of you, but I can’t do that if you aren’t talking care of yourself.”
“I want to take you out.”
"Heya Sammy, long time no see! How's Stanford? And who's the kid?" Dean asked, and Sam's jaw dropped.
“No thanks!” He says, kissing her.
“I’m fine, I’m just trying to adjust to being pregnant.” She said, but Dean didn’t buy it.
“A few hours.” She admitted. “Dean-“
“Have a nice day.”
They were talking cars when Cas walked back in.
"Interesting." He finished, "What's with the Asia? I thought you hated this song."
Cas followed Dean’s order, and visibly relaxed. Everyone else, however, kept their hands up.
"As green as these, babe." He said, and Cas chuckled and kissed Dean again, this time more gently.
"Hey Dean, how are you?" Hanna skillfully interrupted, smiling.
"Cas? Dean? Can you two come in here? Sam and I have a surprise for you." Gabe called from the living room.
“I won’t let that happen. You’re going to be a wonderful father, Dean Winchester.”
“No!” Sam snapped. “I don’t want to overload her with surprises! She’s going to be ecstatic!”
“Well, if you boys need anything and I mean
“You know what?” Sam’s head snapped up to look at him. “I will not ‘just go!’ I
“Dean…”
“Hey. I was wondering if you had a minute?”
Gabe sighed.
Sam turned toward Dean and softened.
Sam looked up, looking hopeful.
“You can’t promise that, please don’t promise that!”
“Need a burger ‘n some beer.”
"Sam, you don't know w-"
“Come in.” Cas answered, and he obeyed.
Dean hung his head.
“No thanks.”
“Ok, Dean.”
Like I said, it will all (hopefully) fit together nicely.
After a minute or so, the violinist approached Dean, mumbling something about Tuesdays, Orchestra rehearsal, and being written into a story.
She thought for a moment.
“Not great to be honest, but that’s how it goes, isn’t it?”
"Oh my god! He's half angel." She whispered, grinning.
“Fine! Cas is hot, But it’s not like that!”
“No pickle chips!”
"Dude, what the hell? You can't just leave like that! We were worried sick. Listen man, Cas isn't doing so well. Come on, we need to get you home." Sam continued.
"Do we have an agreement?" He asked.
Hanna smiled sadly.
Cas turned on Dean, and kissed him.
“Why did I even agree to this?” Sam muttered under his breath.
“Casandra.”
“Um, I’m going to go track Sam down. Thanks for the advice Cas.” Gabriel got up from the bed and walked to the door.
“No.” Castiel said firmly. “It’s not your place to call my son or any of my other family a mistake, or try to tear us apart. I’m done with you dicks.”
“We could always ask another angel to keep the engine running. There has to be at least one left who doesn’t hate us, right?” Dean asked.
"I am serious! And don't call me me Shurley! Actually, on second thought, Cas and I haven't really talked about the last names yet."
“Sickness has always been one of my least favorite parts of my father’s work.” Cas said quietly.
“Dang, maybe next time then?”
“Hey baby, how are you?”
“He sat down next to her, but she moved out of his reach.
The room shook again.
“Fine Cas! The weapons stay! Happy?”
“So now you want to talk.”
After a few more minutes, Dean hung up.
Cas flinched.
Dean put his hand on Deanna’s shoulder as Cassie took her last breath.
"Dean!" Sam and Hanna both yelled in unison.
“Got it.”
“Yeah, ‘m getting to that.”
He stared at it in awe for a good minute, until someone knocked at the door loudly. He quickly shoved the cord into a drawer just as it opened.
“Are you coming, Dean?”
“I don’t think I can. Not with you like this.”
He snapped his fingers and Sam was alone.
“Hello, Dean.” She smiled, walking in, already showing slightly.
"By the power given by dad, I pronounce you bonded. Kiss already!"
"Dean, I love you more than I can properly express in any language, dead or living, on earth, in heaven or hell. You once told me never to change," he leaned his head, so their foreheads were touching. "But knowing you, I can't help but to change for the better. I promise to love you until you're old and gray, and far past."
He kissed her passionately, guiding her to the wall.
Cas sat up and stretched.
“Oh god. Cas-”
Dean looked at her for a second and looked back at Sam.
“I’m worried that something’s going to happen to you, and I’m going to end up like dad.”
Hanna relaxed a little, noting that Cas had been reading the book on
"No problem, anything for my little sister."
“You wanna drive?”
“Castiel is keeping me alive for right now, but he says he can’t keep me for long. Thank you for the time we had together, De. I love you.” She said and De hugged her tightly, cradling her head.
“What was that about?” Dean asked.
“You can be both.” Dean smirked sleepily, “I love you.”
d him.
"Nope! That's news to me, especially
Heat of the moment was playing from someplace, and books and other things were scattered everywhere.
"Hold on," Dean said. "You. I remember you, bitch."
to help.” Hanna argued.
“So, are you going to tell me what you have planned?”
Dean smiled.
"Nope! No way am I going to do that to Cas, besides, not only is she my actual soulmate, she's also my best friend! Everything will be fine!"
Gabe's eyebrows shot up, and he blushed also.
“You’re Dean? He’s Dean Winchester?”
"Mornin' Sunshine. I made you breakfast."
“Yup, it’s… I’m…” He frowned and thought about for a moment, then his face lit up. “Oh! It’s uh… no.”
"Th-"
“Dean, your painting!” She squeaked.
The archangel shrugged, "Well obviously not! Luci couldn’t have killed me with that pig poker! Do you chuckleheads really think I’d carry around something that can kill me? Anywho, let's getcha healed up, Cassie!" He waved his hand in front of Cas' wound, healing him.
He looked at the screen, rolled his eyes, and answered.
Cas glowered at him.
“Uh yeah, sorry. I’ll go get him. I’m Sam, Dean’s brother. Do you want to come in?”
“Dean, will you marry me?”
Engaged.
Cas blushed softly.
“Ok, “ Dean smiled. “Then we can look for one after we eat.”
"You are forgiven, however, I want you to keep track of your offences today. I'll need to discipline you for them. What do you want as a punishment?"
Cas gave him a withering look.
Hanna laughed sharply.
Dean sat up quickly, rubbing his eyes.
The objects in question were a stunning pair of shiny, oil-slick, black…
"Dean, do you promise to love Castiel for the rest of the time you have on earth?"
“From what I can tell, the prayers are genuine. Besides, I can handle myself pretty well, Dean.” He smiled and grabbed Dean’s hand.
“I’m going to be a dad, Sammy.”
“Ok, enough said. Rebecca is out.”
“Alright, do you want to leave now?”
A - b. B - c. C - d. D - e. E - f. F - g. G - h. H - i. I - j. J - k. K - l. L - m. M - n. N - o. O - p. P - q. Q - r. R - s. S - t. T - u. U - v. V - w.  W - x. X - y. Y - z. Z - a.
“And you were alone then, not to mention a kid, too! You’ll be a great dad, Dean.”
“Sure baby sib! Whaddya need?” The archangel smiled warmly.
“God, have you
"I need to do this, it's my job to…"
“Well, you’re not human… wait-“
“Ok, now that we’re all here,” He said, glaring at Sam. “How many of you thought me and Cas were together? Cas, put your hand down baby, I meant before today.”
"Sam, stop being such a freak. It can't be
He gurgled at her from his crib, smiling and kicking.
Cas gasped, and opened the bag.
"You have my word, Dean Winchester. Although, with your permission, I hope that I might return later with several garrisons to search for my Father."
Relief spread through her body, as her hands and belly’s glow faded.
"Ok, fine. Deal. What do teenagers even like to do?"
“Who’s the victim?”
"I do. Gabriel's been blasting this for the last two days straight! By the way, you might want to stay away from him. I made him promise to leave you alone, but I would still be careful."
“They’re perfect. How much for the set?” Cas’ eyes shone.
Sam was sitting, cleaning a gun in the library, when someone knocked on the front door.
So I know at least one person will ask about why Sam was so weird when he and Hanna first met, so I’ll get this out of the way now. The way I see it, he was completely in shock. He’d just met the neice he never knew existed, and he wasn’t able to think straight. He wasn’t purposely being a creep, he was just trying to be nice, and didn’t think about how it would sound. I tried to edit the creepiness as much as I could without loosing the entire scene, but I really like how it relates to the rest of the chapter, so I couldn’t figure out how to ditch the creep-vibes completely. Sorry!
“FINALLY! YOU TWO WERE MADE FOR EACH OTHER! ASK CHUCK IF YOU DONT BELIEVE ME!” Sam yelled from somewhere else in the bunker.
"Are you in love with me?" Cas asked harshly.
“Say what you want to say.”
“You’re at St. Mary’s Hospital in Wichita, Kansas. You were in an accident. Do you remember your name?”
"Actually, Uncle Sam's been training and teaching me, and I can clean and shoot both handguns and shotguns."
“SAY WHAT YOU WANT TO SAY!”
"Now is the soul bonding ceremony. This was done in the early days of earth, by angels and humans, however, it fell out of use because of the danger of the rituals associated. Both of these men know the risk and have decided to follow through, and this is the last of them.
"And these two would and have sacrificed themselves for the other in a heartbeat. Now, I believe the grooms have both written vows, so Deano take it away!"
“You’re adorable when you get like that.”
“De, you don’t need to stay strong for me.”
He nodded.
“Casandra? Do you promise to love Deanna for the rest of the time you have on this earth?”
He had initially thought it would go away. He wasn’t even supposed to be attracted to men! There were those guys in high school that he’d had crushes on, but those always seemed to go away after a few weeks. This was going on ten years!
The fallen angel was in the next State.
It was an absolutely gorgeous painting of a field at sunset, with trees, a lake, and mountains in the background that covered one of the walls. Tiny bees speckled the foreground, some flying and some perched in flowers. And the flowers. They were bursting in color, almost every shade you could imagine.
“Sam,” Gabe said, sitting up, “I’m not sure that I can or want to forget that.”
“Dean, stop. You’ve already basically raised one kid, and he turned out alright, right?”
He walked over nervously, and the angel hugged him.
"Castiel, it's ok. He just got knocked out by the sudden influx of memories, and yhe dose of grace. It's normal for the spell. He'll be up in about two hours." Gabe spoke up.
went off to talk to other people.
“Can this wait ‘til morning?” Dean asked gruffly.
felt jealous.
“No. We’re done talking about this.”
“Like what?” Dean asked.
"Yes, I want to be your boyfriend."
for the birth of your son."
"You know Cas?"
Then he realized that he’d fallen asleep, and bolted upright suddenly, feeling very awake. Awake and… refreshed? What the hell?
His gaze landed on a faint bronze glow coming from a small green bag on his desk.
“What?”
Cas raised an eyebrow.
De tilted her head back up.
"Yes sir. I want you to spank me. Please."
“Not really,” Sam cleared his throat, “I haven’t really had the best track record when it comes to relationships and I’m worried that the future won’t be any different. I don’t think we should-”
Dean grinned and pointed to the panties.
“Dean, I don’t understand, we aren’t married yet.”
“Yes, I’m so sorry! I won-“
" Sam half yelled.
(Here’s the article I found the story in!
"So, this is you." Hanna said, smiling.
“Is everything ok? You’re scaring me.”
“Good, that means my plan to make you love me is working!” He joked.
Cas smiled gently and fucked himself with Dean's mouth, moaning and praising Dean fluently.
She nodded, shifting her weight again.
“Ok.”
“No Dean, I did not.” Sam glared at him, but Dean rolled his eyes.
When he finally found him, he'd told him to ask for anything he wanted, with a smirk and a wink.
"There are so many people here." Gabriel laughed, and Sam and Dean both shot him glares.
“Working in my spare time. I’m actually quite good at accounting.” Cas replied
"Still nothing about the little tree topper or Clarence Jr. though? Dean, all I want is to get you back on your feet. For what it's worth, I'm sorry."
Cas put the stuff she’d brought away, before helping him.
"Cas is your fiancée. She pulled you out of hell-"
"Ok, color?"
“Hey, what’s got you so happy, Sammy?” Dean asked.
Dean moaned and started working his hand over his dick through his panties, still sucking the Angel off.
“What’s up?”
"Hello?" He called.
“Dean, this is Hanna Marten.”
He grabbed his gun, put the one he was cleaning down, and opened the door up to a teen with green eyes.
“I’m the angel, my name is Castiel” He glanced at Dean, who looked annoyed with her flirting. “And this is my fiancé, Dean.”
"Gabriel? Could you please stop the music? I’m sorry, ok?” Sam said, and Gabriel sighed.
“That bad, huh? I got peanut butter and jelly and coffee for you, if you’re feeling up to it.”
Blue eyes locked with green.
"I can't remember! I just need to!" Dean yelled.
Niaomi stepped towards Castiel gently.
“I’m in love with Cas.”
Dean went rigid.
Nothing against Starbucks or people with more complex drink orders, I actually like more sugary drinks myself, but I felt like Dean's daughter would be opposed to them! XD
People talked, ate, laughed, danced, and told stories about the grooms and hunting, the most popular being from Gabriel about the time Cas almost ended humanity by stepping on a fish, and Mary, about the day Dean rode Sam to the hospital on his bike because he thought his parents would be mad at him.
He laid it down on the bed, smiling and kissing Cas awake.
He panicked for a second, until he realized how familiar it felt.
"Claire Novak, Hanna never mentioned you."
"Absolutely not! The kid isn't even born yet!" Sam protested, reaching for the doorknob.
He’d been in his room, trying to forget Sam Winchester for the better part of the month, but how could he forget the man when he came to check in on him almost every other day?
“Sam, really? You ‘don’t want me to get hurt?’ I’m a big boy, I can fight my own battles. Please?”
“Ok.” He said quietly, moving away.
“Because, the last time I even felt a fraction of what I feel for him, was with Lisa Braeden.”
"Cas, I'm sor-"
She looked at him, shocked, but nodded.
"Stop it. I've pieced your soul back together, seen you sacrifice yourself for your family, and for complete strangers, I've even seen your worst side take over. You are
Sam cleared his throat. "Gabe's gonna be staying with us for a while."
“My goodness! The tension between the two of you is thick! You look like you want to rip each other apart! Fair warning, the hospital almost kicked me out after De and I tried that last week. We
“Hey,” he said, “breakfast is done. What were you talking about?”
“Yes please… I’m sorry this happened.”
"Thanks, Cas." He said, beaming at her.
He freaking  proposed, Sam! I can’t get married! Being married means having someone relying on me to walk out of bad situations every time, in one peace, and I can’t do that!”
“They are telling the truth.” Cas said, frowning slightly.
“Sure. You ok?”
"I'm fine, thank you Gabriel."
Everything had melted away, leaving only Dean and Cas, and there was quiet for a moment.
"It's bad. He can't remember anything past hell. I don't know what to do. I let Cas go see him, but I'm not sure she can help him."
On one condition.
"That's wonderful." She said.
"You've been engaged for four months and you're just telling us now." Cas said, more than slightly annoyed.
“It- it’s fine.”
“Ok, now? I’m pretty sure Castiel could marry us, I mean, who better than an angel? And the one who might inhabit my body for a few days soon?”
“Fine, but I’m fine with it.”
After a minute, there was another quake, this time a little stronger.
"What happened?"
He stopped obsessing about it for a minute after noticing someone had stopped right outside of the door. They stood there for at least a minute before turning and walking quickly down the hall.
“Thanks!”
Cas was beautiful.
"That's freakin awesome! When did it happen?"
"Actually apparently, Sam's passing it down.
Gabe sat on the bed, and Sam looked at the floor.
“Thank you. I haven’t married a couple since bible times.”
“I love you.” He told her.
But that’s gone as soon as it came.
“Yeah, ‘m fine, Dean.” Cas replied, her voice sounded hoarse, and Dean sighed.
Dean went silent for a minute, before finally relenting after Sam’s puppy eyes did him in.
gotten laid.”
I also headcanon him as being the one who made the tower lean more, again, because it seems like a ‘just desserts’ Gabe-esuqe kind of thing!
"I know. I wish this mess hadn't happened. I was trying to clean up a mess that I helped make." Dean yawned.
“I’m not adorable, Dean, I’m an angel of the lord.”
"Fine. What book is that?"
"Dean, we'll talk about that when you get back. Bobby's in Scotland, South Dakota, not Europe. Take Hanna with you, she needs experience. Bye."
Dean stepped forward to shake her hand.
“Fine. love you!” He said, walking away.
“Yeah, let’s go.”
“I know you aren’t, Sam. She’s an old friend.
“I have you at 1004 N 3rd St, Lawrence, KS, is that correct?” The woman on the other side asked.
Cas nodded, a tear slipping down off her chin.
They'd been friends with benefits for the last year and shortly after had started Bdsm play.
“Here, I meant what I said. I want you to get what
“I’m not angry, Cas. It’s not your fault you’re knocked up.”
“Out?” Sam repeated.
Cas nodded in agreement, and they hugged them.
Sam stepped towards him.
“Here are your meds, Honeybee.”
Cas looked up from the book she’d been reading, smiled, and nodded.
“I’m unsure of their gender, I’m sorry. Although, they should be born in about four months.” Cas smiled, hands traveling to her small baby bump.
Dean spoke up.
“After our… activities last night, I fell asleep.”
"Sure, Sammy! What's up?"
“Uh, here, let’s go in my room.” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck and gesturing to the door.
“Thank you. No, we were just talking about the day Gabriel left heaven.” Cas told him, and took a sip. “Coffee?”
"I can't believe how big you already are, I swear, every time I look at you, you're more like your Lala…" He said to his son, smiling down at him gently.
Sam looked dumbstruck.
Sam mock pouted.
“Supply run. He should be back any minute…”
“Please just go.”
“I don’t know what that is.” Cas said very quietly.
“I love you, too.” Cas relented, kissing Dean chastely before getting out of their bed and moving across the room to pack.
Dean groaned.
“Castiel?”
“Thanks.” Sam stood up, got the cord, and ran out of the room.
Gabriel knocked on Dean and Cas’ door, unsure of what to say when someone answered.
She smiled and took a sip of her coffee.
The two other mistakes that Gabe mentioned during his speech were;
“Rebecca?”
He finally got up the courage to look at the damage, and confirmed his fears.
“What are you talking about?” Sam asked.
behind my back?"
“Hello?”
Dean followed angrily.
“God I love you, baby.” Looking into Cas’ eyes was like looking at the ocean.
“Wait,” She said, “I’m sorry. I… Um, I’m-“
“I don’t want you to do research.”
Dean’s phone rang.
Dean cleared his throat and blinked away tears.
“You’d better.” He growled, leaving the room.
not the one who will."
Hanna nodded, still smiling, and left.
A day later, he was giving his body to Michael, as a vessel.
“Oh, what were you talking about?”
“You just made that up.”
His hands followed hers, and he smiled too.
Dean blushed, and mumbled something.
“Having longer hair again is strange.” She said, absent-mindedly.
Cassie frowned.
“Hungry?” Dean asked.
" He kissed her. "The wedding. I, uh… Cas. Castiel, I think we should start planning it."
"I want to go on a hunt." She said, opening the door to the coffee shop and stepped in.
Just then, the front door opened, and Dean and Cas walked in, looking at each other like they were the only two people in the world.
"Like I said, kid's powerful. He contacted Cas a week ago and he's helped her a lot in the last few days. He's the most powerful thing in the world."
“Who said anything about hunting? You’re
“Watch me.”
“Damn it, that would’ve been hilarious! I can’t believe I hadn’t thought of that.”
“C- Casandra, you’re all I have left. After Sam died-“
"Cas?"
“Honeybee, it’s time to wake up.”  Dean said, kissing Cas lightly, “I brought you coffee.”
“You- I… You love me?”
“Cas, you can’t use human as a term of endearment, it’s weird. And we can’t have anything around the house that could hurt it!”
"Are you kidding? Of course I want to."
He decided he would call Sam when they were on the road.
A while later, Anna and Meg finally reappeared, another round of hugs ensued, and everyone left for homes, motels, and apartments.
“Speaking of Cas, what’s he up to?” Gabriel asked.
Cas looked between the two of them and stood up, grabbing her plate and leaving.
Sam blushed.
A thin wisp of Cas' grace left her mouth, hitting Dean in the chest.
Cas sighed, and Dean spun her around, gently.
“Nosy bitch!” Dean yelled.
Dean sighed and rolled his eyes.
“Damn it, Sam.” He said, and answered the call. “Hey. What’s up?”
As the glow faded, he noticed small sigils and symbols imprinted carefully into the leather.
Cas was doing laundry, one of the chores Dean had assigned himself, when her hands started glowing a dull blue.
“We should probably pack up.” She said, looking up into his eyes.
“Ok. Alright, Cas.”
“No, but what it is, it’s powerful.” Cas replied.
Gabriel frowned.
“Ok, thanks Dean.”
"Shut up Dean. What happened on the hunt?"
“Listen dude, does he live here or not? Cause if not, I need to go.”
"Why... Why didn't you tell me?" Cas looked up at him, eyes glistening with tears. "After all this time, do you still not trust me? Or is it that you've been so poisoned by your self hatred that you don't think you're worth love? You are more than worthy of love. Dean, I love you."
"Cool it, Sam. It's fine, I'm not mad. Who is it?"
“He’s at St. John’s hospital, if you want to visit him.”
He turned around.
“Awesome! Fantastic,” Cas groaned and sat down, hard. “Dean is missing, and I’m eleven weeks pregnant! This is just great!”
"Charlie's kicking! Do you want to feel?"
“Thank you, Dean. I love you.”
Also, I have a poll! I want to give Cas a unique parent title for baby to use! I have Dada for Dean, but I want something Cas could use with any vessel they take in the future. :)
"No. Maybe Sam or Gabriel did." He said, wrapping himself around Dean, and kissing him again.
“Cas? Are you up? I need to tell you something.” Dean said, pinching the bridge of his nose between his finger and thumb.
“Is that a joke?”
“Yeah,
"And you were also planning the wedding, so we thought we'd hold off until after the wedding."
“I screwed up their happy, perfect, apple pie life. I’m the kid of the other woman.”
“I don’t know. The vessel, it feels different this time. I feel different.”
"Ok, we're almost back. What do you remember?" Sam asked, turning the twisted Impala down a road.
She kissed him, and he put the ring on and left to go find Sam.
Cas sighed.
Hey! So I know that a lot of the story doesn’t make sense right now, but I promise that it will all fit together after the last chapter is uploaded.
“Yeah, we have a son.”
"I've always wanted a sister."
I know what I said about last chapter being my favorite, but… THIS ONE IS SO CUTE!!!
“I’m here because I kinda need a place to stay, because my aunt found out I like girls and kicked me out, and um, well, your name was on the birth certificate. And My mom’s name was Lauren Marten.”
“Come in!”
“Ok, fine. I’m dropping it. Whatever it is.” Dean said, putting his hands up in defense.
I’ve been excited to write this chapter for a long time, and here it (finally) is!
“Are you sure? Because-“
“Dean,” she said, quietly. “I have doubts about being a parent, too. My father abandoned everything. I’m so afraid I’ll be just like him. But we can be different, we can be better.”
Until that moment.
Dean sighed.
"Suck." He commanded, and Dean nodded enthusiastically, mouthing at his Angel's neck.
“Do you have anything for $75-100?”
“Whoops! Sorry Sampai!”
“I’m going to keep you away from those s.o.b.s.” He told her, pulling her towards him and kissing her.
“Fine, so?”
Then he realized he was looking at the floor, and looked up at Cas.
He was sure Cas hated him.
Sam recoiled from slapping Dean, and they both wore matching looks of shock.
As it would turn out, Cas’ idea of fancy was Olive Garden, but no one cared.
An hour after that, dessert was served.
“I want to treat you all to dinner tonight. We’ll need to dress nicely.” Cas said, and Sam and Dean exchanged a look.
“I can’t believe you!” Sam yelled.
Sam looked like he was going to throttle Dean.
“Ok.” He said, grabbing on to the idea like a lifeline, and relaxing under her touch. “After the baby. About the baby. What is it? Do you know yet? And when’s it due?”
Most of the rest of the night was a blur, except for three events.
Gabriel sighed.
He’d kissed him. He’d kissed Cas, and ran away.
Cas’ face fell.
Neither of them enjoyed the cheesy b-roll rom-com Dean chose, so they ended up kissing in the back row, until Cas finally flew them back to the room.
Only to come face to face with one pissed teenager.
“I know, I just really wanted to say that, darlin’.”
“God? Please, if it’s your will, allow me to die in peace.”
Or the one I’m leaning towards,
Cas finally relented, pulling back, but only slightly.
have a wedding coming up. And they're all going to want to be here when Charlie's born, especially Mom, Jody, Ellen, and Claire. Claire seemed pretty excited to meet Hanna."
Twenty minutes later, they were all piled into the Impala, driving to the restaurant.
Cas had seen heaven, but this was better.
"It almost didn't." Dean reminded him, frowning. "I almost turned you down, and we both almost died."
“Cas-“
A voice asked.
They locked eyes, and he nodded and smiled with tears in his eyes.
Cas smiled and kissed his hair softly.
“Nice to meet you, I’m Castiel, and this is Dean, my fiancé.”
“I can’t think of anyone in the world I would rather have marrying my brother. Welcome to the family, Cas.”
Mary looked confused.
“We always do.” Cas replied, tearing up.
“Well that doesn’t sound suspicious at all.”
"I have a son too." He said slowly. "This is freakin' awesome! Cas…"
"Cas." Dean said quietly after a moment. "I know you think I'm this amazing thing, but I'm not. I'm just human."
He snorted.
Then, the unexpected happened.
“Hey. How are you feeling, Cas?” Dean asked.
"Green as hell, babe."
.” Cas said, gaze falling to the floor, breaking eye contact. “We don’t need to be bonded in that way, we already have an existing bond, if-“
“You know, I like the sound of that. Actually, I think I like all of this. You in my bed, kissing me awake after spending the night, calling me beautiful…”
“No! I can’t and you know why!”
Cas’ hand hovered unconsciously over her stomach.
“You never remember to clear the history on my laptop when you’re done. By the way, ew.”
Meg stood up, whispered something to Sam, who nodded, and left.
“Ok, but tell me when you feel hungry. I’m going to do some research.”
Sam wondered later if the missing freckles meant what he thought they meant. If his brother’s angel was truly gone.
"Hanna, you shouldn't do that. He's not going to like this." Sam warned his niece.
Cas was sitting in the kitchen when the door opened, and Sam stepped in with a grave look on his face.
People rearranged the chairs, brought in tables, laid out the blue and green tablecloths and the centerpieces, lit the candles, and helped Bobby and Ellen carry the food out.
“No, he was off the wall. Dean said, “Most angels are dicks. Cas is one of the few who aren’t.”
"Damn, I thought Cas was joking! It'll be fine though. We've got two angels, we'll be fine. Go get ready, I'll get Henry dressed, ok?"
Hanna looked at him like he was crazy.
“Yeah, no. Dean would kill me.”
“Hey Cas.” Dean said, smiling.
Dean ripped himself away from the Angel's skin, and pulled the shirt off, revealing a lacy green bralette.
Someone.
“I will! Mainly because the weapons protect us from them!”
“Ok, I’m ready. Are there any stores nearby?”
"Look, here's the exit. We'll be back home in half an hour. We'll get you fixed up there. Hang in there, Baby." Dean winced as the words fell out of his mouth.
Baby rolled for several hundred feet, before coming to a rest beside the road on the other side of the highway.
"Years and years ago, Dean made a demon deal. His life for Sam's. One year later, he was sent to hell. Now, usually this would be the end of the story, but my little brother, Cas, had different plans."
“Help! It’s Cassie!” De yelled, and Dean and Cas ran back into the room to find Deanna crying over her unconscious wife’s body.
“Sir-“
“No, I will be gone by then.”
Cas was on the bed with a laptop on her legs, she looked up with tears in her eyes.
The doctor smiled, nodded, and left.
He picked up his hand and held it to his chest.
“What price range are we working with?”
"We'll see, as long as this goes well and no one gets hurt." Dean agreed, cautiously. "Yes."
The second Mary and Jack were back from the store, Dean pounced.
“What’s he then? A demon? That would explain why he’s so hot!” She joked, winking at Dean.
He could try and explain it away, he could tell Cas how he felt, or he could ignore that it happened. He really didn’t want to do any of it, but he knew he had to apologize. He couldn’t not apologize.
Sam cut him off.
Hanna and Claire bonded over their new sibling, while Sam, Jo, Mary, Donna, Jody, Dean, Alex, Bobby, Garth, and Charlie talked about hunting, and Bess and Cas talked about raising kids in the life and homeschool.
“Well, well, well, getting
Then the brothers started laughing hysterically.
“Done! thanks! Give me ten minutes to ask and get stuff together. I’ll be right back.”
By the way, if anyone needs accurate, detailed notes on nephilim pregnancies, hit me up! I took the info provided on the wiki, did a whole bunch of math, and I can safely say I have a wealth of information on the subject! XD Good for my hunters journal, bad for my circadian rhythm… The beginning of this chapter is day 56 of 182 with 126 left, or just under 2 months of 6, for anyone who was curious! :)
"Say no more, I'm sold." Dean said, grabbing himself a bag and shoving clothes into it.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.”
"Thank you, my baby bee."
"I love you too."
“You must have seen more than a fair of crap. You have the look of either a man with the world on his shoulders or a soldier who broke rank and hasn’t stopped running since. You both do.”
"That's our son.
“Dean? Could we pick out a room for the baby?” Cas asked, trying to change the subject.
“Ok.” He said, grabbing her hand.
Cas paused.
“I am.”
“You pick up reading people pretty quickly in the field. How to tell meekness from weakness, stupidity from loyalty, and monsters from men.”
She ran her fingers through her hair.
He finally had Cas, so what was next? He wrapped his arms around Cas and let all his thoughts melt away. That could all come later.
Sam sighed.
"Anything?" Cas asked, squinting his eyes at his friend's suggestion.
"Hey, he loves you, he's going to love this."
When Cas reached him, the music stopped.
“Hey Cas, how are ya holding up?” Gabe asked, knocking on the door of Dean and Cas’ room.
“Goodbye Uncle Gabe. It was nice to finally meet you. You seem pretty cool.” Hanna said quietly.
“Well,” Gabe finally spoke up after a moment, “That was eventful.” He snapped up money for the bill and they left.
Cas shot off the bed.
"I'm so sorry, Cas. I know who flipped my car. I remember. Everything."
Dean and Sam both went rigid.
He sat back down on his bed, ran his fingers through his hair, and looked around the room.
“So he does really fight monsters?”
“Yeah.”
“Can I just send back the meal? Get my money back? This was the worst burger I’ve ever had the displeasure of eating. My brothers dog wouldn’t touch it!”
Cas probably hated him.
"Dean, you know the rules. If you can't ask for something, you can't have it."
“Dude, it’s Cas. He’s my best friend. I can’t mess that up!”
“You know those scary stories, legends, and folktales? The ones with monsters, ghosts, and demons? We’re the people who kill the monsters.” Sam said, walking into the room.
“Cas, it’s called
“Jerk.”
"Ok. Color?"
“Fine, whatever Gabriel. Just try and remember that if you hurt him, it’s going to hurt her. I’m going to go talk to her.”
"Dad," Hanna started, tentatively. "Henry has… Wings."
"What were you doing, Dean?" She whispered.
"I'd like that. Should I wear a dress or a tux?"
"I get it, Sam, I can see you're happy. Hold on to that, ok?"
"'Gabe'? When did he become 'Gabe'?" Dean asked protectively.
Dean sighed.
“Thank you.”
“Why the hell not? Please Samuri? Listen, no strings attached, no expectations, just you and me. Having a little fun, raising hell…”
Cas was using his old vessel.
“No duh, why haven’t you asked him out yet?”
“Cas, it’s not that easy, you can’t jus-“
Castiel fought for Dean, dragging him out of hell, and hurting himself just to save him. Now, I don't know about all of you, but my definition of love is being willing to sacrifice yourself to save someone else." He paused, gaze landing on Sam and blushing.
He gets out and approaches the house, until he sees a person next door, working on her car.
“Shush, you’re going to have fun. I promise, Samosa.” Gabriel said, looking up at the taller man from the drivers seat.
“Cas, I know you aren’t. Can I come in?” He asked.
“Come home and stop this ridiculous rebellion. We can help you!” She said, as Cas pushed Hanna behind her and moved back. “We can save you from your mistakes, Castiel, God will forgive you! It’s not too late!”
He and Gabe sat down and started eating.
"He reached out to you." He said as his eyes glazed over.
As soon as Sam got a hit, he packed himself and his car, said goodbye to Cas and Gabe, and went outside to leave.
Dean laughed.
A week later, they had settled in to a routine. Everyone else seemed well adjusted, but Dean felt like they should slow down a bit.
"Hanna, who's your friend?" Claire asked, coming over.
Cas shook his head.
“Yeah, what’s up Gabriel?” The other angel said in a very human way.
Dean laughed quietly.
“Hanna, she does like you. Why do you think she doesn’t?”
Cas growled and pounced on him, undoing his jeans and pulling them down. His dick was already gloriously hard, and tenting a pair of panties that matched his bra.
“No. Look Gabe, can we just forget that this happened, and hope it never happens again? He asked, pulling the pants on.
“Unresolved sexual tension.”
“Hey Sammy, Cas and I just finished making dinner.” Dean said.
“That’s sweet human, but we kind of need those.”
“I was wondering if you would do the bonding ceremony for my wedding? Please? We need an archangel to do it, and I can’t think of anyone better for this.”
Hanna facepalmed.
They kissed and hugged, taking each other in one last time.
“I wanna marry you.” Dean said, snapping her out of her thoughts. “I wanna know when you want to get married.”
Gabe cleared his throat nervously.
Cas smiled, and they walked down the rest of the hall together.
He was to kill Lucifer and return to Heaven, leaving earth alone.
“I’ll be back in about twenty minutes!” Dean told her, over his shoulder.
This is my favorite chapter so far! Warning, you might need some tissues…
“Cas, come ‘ere.” Dean yawned and sat up, patting the sheet beside him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean barely registered Cas lunge forward to hug the couple as he processed the words.
Sam arrives at a small house with a neglected garden and a Great Dane.
Dean pushed something into her hands.
The doctor smiled in return.
"Sam? Hello? Sammy!" Dean yelled a bit louder, starting to panic until Sam walked in the room with a pair of headphones on.
“No, not really. Cas, I just found out I have a kid.”
Even though those words weren’t spoken, Sam knew.
“Uh, so, I was wondering if we could talk.”
His eyes snapped forward and he swerved back into the lane.
“How’d you get money to afford to take us to dinner?” Sam asked.
“You don’t get to make that decision.” Cas told him coldly.
“I really need to get back home soon, but if you would like to do it another time, I would be happy to tell you some stories.” He stood and smiled politely.
Sam rolled his eyes.
"I'm her boyfriend. My name's Dustin."
“My brother. You haven’t met him? He should be around here somewhere…” She trailed off. “OH! Um, he and Sam are working through some… problems right now, I’ll try and introduce you at some point.”
“Gabe! The road!”
Claire, Jo, and Charlie eventually teamed up to yell at Cas and Dean for not telling them about the engagement or the baby, but ended up laughing so hard, they completely forgot what they were yelling about, and then got into a heated debate over Harry Potter.
“Excuse me sir, would you like some assistance?” One of the clerks asked, flashing him a smile from over the case
“I love you. Both of you.”
"Sure thing, ba-"
“Nope, the caffeine is bad for Rebecca.”
“It sounds like a good idea, but I might not be able to return to my current vessel after this is over.” Cas said, looking from Cassie to Dean.
“I’m getting rid of anything that could be used to hurt the baby.” He told her, glancing back at her.
Sam frowned.
“How did you and my father meet.” Hanna asked about an hour later.
"Hey kid, time to get up." He said gently. "If we leave now, we'll make it back a little after midnight."
“Fine, but if anything happens, it’s on your head.”
"Hell yeah I am! Smiting aside, I'd be lucky just to be your friend, but now I'm married to you, and we even have kids!
Hanna smiled.
Dean sighed.
Gabe opened the door and peaked in.
“Cas-“
"Really? 'Airplane!'? I walked right into that, didn't I?"
She smiled and turned towards him, but her face fell as soon as she saw Dean’s nervous expression.
“Oh, anything good?”
“That would be amazing! Thank you! I’ll go get the boxes for the rings.”
“Fine,” he relented, “I’m going to go get up to my ass in hookers and booze. Adios!” He said, flying away.
"Dads? As in two?"
“You’ve made me so happy, Cas, I can’t wait until you’re mine.”
“I’m going to miss you this week.” Dean murmured against Cas’ lips.
“You know what? No. I love you Cas. I’m sorry, but I’m in love with you, but you don’t need to worry. I won’t let that happen again.”
She wasn't able to hear most of what they said, and what little she could make out sounded like gibberish, but she listened anyway.
He heard the bed squeak softly and a second later, the door opened and Cas hugged him.
“Hola.” Gabe said, and Sam scooped him up and threw him on to the bed.
Sam’s mouth dropped open. “Dean-”
“Alright then, are you feeling up to shopping? We don’t really have any clothes for you at home.” Dean said, moving over to his bag and shoving clothes, guns, knives, and a set of enochian brass knuckles he’d brought ‘just in case’ inside of it.
“I still feel… Odd. A little on edge, I guess. I’ve been trying to figure out what changed this time all night.”
"I don't know what I'm talking about? Really? Wow, Dean."
“Cassie?”
“Hey, I made lunch.” Dean said, smirking as he looked his younger brother over. “Hi Gabriel.”
Hanna sputtered and tripped, but caught herself.
“Thanks, De. Love you too!” Casandra blew a kiss at the nurse, who winked and walked out, leaving Casandra and the boys alone.
"Do you remember back in 2006, when all that weird stuff started happening on a case? I thought you broke my computer, you thought I let the air out of Baby's tires? It ended up being what we thought was a trickster?"
The two stared at each other for a few minutes before Dean finally spoke up again.
1. Montreux casino burning down, inspiring deep purple to write smoke on the water.
“Dean is my brother.”
“I think it sounds perfect.”
"Starbucks. You brought me to Starbucks." Hanna deadpanned.
Cas smiled, and after a few seconds, Hanna joined her.
Hannah's jaw dropped and she took a step back.
“What? Why not? Who’s child is it?”
Then she started giggling, and Dean looked at her, confused.
"Never mind, just something your grandfather used to say. I thought everyone said it, but I guess it's a hunter saying." He got out of the car.
Today, Sam was out and about, so Dean searched the bunker until he found Cas organizing and cataloging the storage rooms.
He pulled away just enough to lock eyes with her.
The woman, a doctor, he guessed, frowned.
Niaomi got there before
“Cas, I can’t.”
Cas smiled.
“Ok, um… Calm down! Wow, does she want to keep it?”
“Ok, but why? Why did you give it to me?”
She dropped the shirt, and moved back, only to look down and see her stomach was glowing too.
“Oh.” Cas looked down.
"Everything from when we were kids, up until right after you left school. Nothing about Cas, either of my kids, or the person you refuse to tell me about."
“I apologize, we only use premium meat.”
Then Gabriel spoke again.
“I love you, will you marry me?” She giggled, kissing his cheek.
"Sam, he's extremely powerful. He can do it without hurting himself or either one of his parents. He reached out to me yesterday and told me what he's gonna do. It's safe."
Cas moved toward Dean, and Dean wrapped his arm around him.
"Bingo, babe."
"What the hell, Sam?"
safe.”
“Why-“
“I do.”
Later, after the hunt, Hanna lay awake with her eyes closed, while Dean and Bobby talked quietly at the small table in the corner of the room.
“I love you too, Gabriel.”
“You’re not getting it. What if I end up like Dad? What if-“
“Cas-“
Ohh boi, here goes nothing, kiddos!
“That’s great, Darlin’.”
“That part about soul bonding, was that just a saying?”
“Yeah, we’re both fine, Dean.”
Dean picked his son up from the crib, gently.
“Well, you should probably go up to her room now. She’s been excited about this all day.”
“NOPE. That’s not what I meant!
“What’s your emergency?”
Sam sighed, and sat up.
“Dean. Wake up.” He said gently, placing a hand on Dean’s side.
Sam rolled his eyes and turned to head back to his room. He loved seeing his brother happy, but it hurt that he couldn’t have something like that too.
“ Dean pinched the bridge of his nose.
Dean turned to leave, but Cas grabbed his arm.
"We'll start tomorrow."
“Congratulations.” Dean said warmly. “If you don’t mind, I want to steal Cas for a minute.”
He put his hand gently on her stomach and she flinched.
TBC <
A minute later, Cas walked in to the bunker carrying paper bags.
"Ugh, Dean." Castiel moaned.
“Fine! You win! Give me two weeks, ok Gabriel?”
“Sam?”
“Alrighty Angel, call if you need anything! Love ya!”
"Yeah."
De captured Cassie’s lips before she could say anything else.
Any feedback for this is appreciated! Thanks!
“The way you look at each other, it’s just so intense and intimate, I guess I just assumed…” Mary said thoughtfully, after a few seconds.
“Hi.” Sam said, keeping his guard up.
“No?”
The man stays quiet as Sam starts laughing.
"Hey Dean! Wow are you tall… you don't know where I could find a portal to another universe, do you? My friend wrote me into this world, but I think she forgot to write me a way out, and now I'm kinda stuck here. This has been fun, but I need to get home." She said.
"'04? '05? I don't know."
He turned and headed to Cas and Dean’s room and knocked on the door.
“Deanna-“
"Have fun, Babe?" Dean asked, wrapping his arms around Cas from behind and resting his chin on her shoulder.
He turned to Castiel, and they spoke quietly in enochian, hugged, and Gabriel was gone.
“Come in.”
“What the…?” Dean stared at the pie. “Haha, real funny Sammy!”
Cas looked to Hanna, who nodded.
Gabe snorted and Cas glared at him.
Castiel’s eyes were wet with tears.  “Thank you, Sam. For everything.” He said, going in the room.
He went to Sam’s room and knocked on the door.
ere, you’ll need this b
“Thanks, Sammy.”
“Please,” she said warmly, “Call me Cassie. And yeah, she suggested it! She’s always been pretty religious. De even used to listen to that Rev. Buddy Boyle podcast before it went off the air! I thought he was a loon, but now I see he wasn’t too far off the reservation.”
"Do you want to finish where we left off then?"
Gabriel sighed.
“Yeah, I just…” Dean trailed off.
Cas nodded, staring at the mirror nervously.
“Not at all.”
Maybe he could blame it on the beer, although Cas knew he only had one that afternoon.
“Yeah, I am.” Dean replied, smiling.
“Sam, they’re here.” He said, and the ground shook on queue.
They kissed and held on to each other like the world would end if they let go.
"You say that like you thought it wouldn't happen!"
“I didn’t have any idea she even existed!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean, we’ll figure it out, we always do.”
“No. I’ve had enough of your games Gabriel. I’m done!”
"Hey big guy! Let's get you ready…" The young woman trailed off as she spotted something behind the baby.
“I love you too.”
Dean stormed into the room with Cas and Hanna trailing behind him.
Fighting nasea and struggling to clear her vision, she sat up.
“What are you talking about?” Dean asked.
She shook her head and shifted again.
"What the hell do you mean 'she knows?'" Gabe asked his fiance.
"Dean, you need to be sleeping. What if Cas, Charlie, or Hanna needed your help? What if something happened to them, and you weren't able to get to them?" Sam slammed his hand down on the table.
They stood there uncomfortably for a minute, before Sam suggested that he, Dean, and Cas talk in the kitchen. Cas nodded, and Dean let out a breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding in.
“Fine.”
“It’s ok Cas. Why don’t you sleep? I’ll stay with you if you want, and I can make you something to eat when you wake up. Did you find a room for the nursery?”
“You did a great job.” He said, kissing Cas.
“It might be, you don’t know that it won’t be.”
He winced slightly at her new unfamiliar tone.
"Cas!" Sam yelled, barging into the room.
an-o, huh baby b
“Yeah, sure Samshine. Is everything ok?”
“I knew you were perfect for each other. Listen Cas, if something does happen, Gabe and I will be here to help. You may not be married to my brother yet, but you’re already family, and you won’t lose that because my brother’s an asshole.”
"Hanna, hey. What are you doing?"
Don’t say that like that.” Cas commanded, looking terrified.
“You know, Cas,” Dean said after a minute of watching his fiancé. “My brother won’t be up for at least another hour, and yours seems to be able to sleep for days…” He got up and pressed himself to him, kissing him between his shoulder blades and making him shiver slightly.
Dean walked over to the table, grabbed the trenchcoat, and draped it over her shoulders.
Sam shot him a look and he and Gabriel left.
"Why? Your job to what?"
“I was too late. I’m so sorry.”
“You like it? I’ve been working on it since we picked the room.”
"She lives in Portland." Cas said quietly. "It's leukemia. Stage four. She's not going to live more than a week."
“Dean,” Cas interrupted gently, “You don’t have to give me the world. I just want to be with you, ok?”
It was Dean’s turn to blush, he nodded.
He'd definitely been recording them talking, and he was also definitely going to get pranked later.
“I love you too, Castiel.”
"Yeah, the amount of times I've thought about that in the last few days alone…" Dean smiled at his daughter from the doorway.
It's Dean's turn to laugh.
“It just means he isn’t talking to me. Actually, maybe I will try that…” Gabriel paused to toss it around in his mind for a minute. “How are you and Dean and your kid?”
“We’ll find him, you know that, Cas.”
"Really? She's told me so much about you. Did you know you're her favorite cousin?"
"I'm going to make sure nothing happens to either of you. Whatever it takes." He said, and Cas' stomach started to glow.
how I got out! Listen Sammy, the docs say I have amnesia. Didn't even remember you until you came running in here. I was in an accident. I was going to call you. You and… My car flipped. I think something… what was I saying? Oh, right. Something mojo'd my Baby, made me crash."
Dean shook his head.
“Yeah, I do actually! We’ve only been together for a month and he just
“Yeah. Actually, I’m great! Cas and I are together.”
Now it was Dean’s turn to bolt up.
Gabe nodded.
“That sounds perfect, but we’ll have to track him and his lover down. I think they snuck out while we were talking.”
She sat down on the side of the bed and he hugged her.
He’d known for years that he loved Cas, but he’d been so careful about it.
"Who was that? Cas asked, coming up behind Dean, and kissing his cheek.
“What’s her name?” Dean asked after a minute.
They noticed a few seconds later that someone was pounding on the door.
De’s eyes welled up.
I got 73 hits in less than 24 hours! Thank you all so much! Enjoy this next chapter!
“I’ll miss you too, Dean.” Cas smiled.
“Ok,” Sam said, jumping into action the second they were in the kitchen. “Dean, she’s your daughter. You get the biggest vote on this.”
“Um, yes. I would like to purchase a ring, please. I’m planning on proposing.” Cas replied, smiling back at the woman.
"I'll try."
Gabe laughed slightly.
The Wayward daughters, Jo, and Charlie all eventually had a Dean impression contest that had everyone, including Dean, laughing in minutes.
“It’s not yours either, assbutt.”
“Maybe.” Gabe smiled, keeping his eyes on the road.
“Let’s go home.” Cas said suddenly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s mouth dropped open in shock, but he recovered quickly and ran to help her.
"He's not my friend."
“Alright, but I want you to rest, ok?”
She nodded slowly, taking a few shaky breaths.
Sam thought.
His phone rang, interrupting him.
“What did that son of a bitch do?”
“Dean! You’d better have a good explanation for that!” Sam yelled, storming into Dean’s room.
Sam felt like he was about to cry.
“Cas, you have no idea how much I love you, and I don’t know any words that even come close to describing it.”
She rolled her eyes.
Cas nodded, but she still looked distraught.
Cas smiled weakly.
“No.” Dean replied, quietly and firmly. “Cas, can we talk about this later? Please?”
Hundreds of his freckles were missing, replaced with bare skin instead.
“Hello! We met briefly yesterday? I’m Deanna Manchester, but you can call me De if you like.”
An hour later, Sam was finally back, but still wouldn't look either of them in the eye.
“Very!”
"Hey Dean," Lucifer said, turning around. "Long time no see. Is that Mikey I see? Or are you just excited to see me? Hey big bro!"
They got in the car, and Sam pulled out.
This should be quite the chapter...
“Good!
thing that happened earlier. It won’t happen again. I’m really sorry.”
Sam started to walk away.
Dean pulled out his phone and sent a text to Sam saying to pull out some headphones, and pulled Cas to his room.
Hey guys! Long time no see! I finally have an update, and this one is 1) pretty cute, 2) important, and 3) nice and long! I'll try and update this more frequently since I have several chapters written and ready to get typed up in my google doc! Also,  after this chapter, there's only seven more until the end! Enjoy!
“Ok, uh… ask if you need anything, you can sit down wherever you want, and feel free to read anything on those shelves, just don’t pick anything up off of
“Unfortunately, no. I’m completely serious.” Said Sam, walking into the kitchen.
Castiel was leaning against him, weak from an angel blade wound in his side, Dean was helping him into a chair as Sam walked in the door. He looked like a mess with his hair sticking up, his t-shirt backwards, and his lips red and puffy. "I thought we agreed not to bring chicks here, Sam."
Dean kissed him softly.
“You’re forgiven.”
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck.
"He's a wedding crasher!" Hanna told Claire, grateful for her ability to detect lies.
Cas nodded.
"Of course, Dean, but we
Cas looked at him.
“Becky.” Cas said, and Dean groaned.
"I love you. Both of you." Dean said, hugging Castiel.
"Where is he?" She asked.
"Can you tell me more about her?"
She focuses on getting back to the present, the sound of blood hammering through her body distracting at best.
"I-it's alright. Good night, Dean."
"Ok, you should have told me. I could've helped you. I have a deal for you. You take a break and hang out with Hanna, and I'll take over researching for a while, ok?"
She faked a smile and pushed him away.
“Not yet.”
She shifted again, looking like she was either going to bolt or start crying.
“I slept. We were cuddling, and I felt safe and calm, and I- I must’ve drifted off? I don’t know!” He said, his voice getting louder with panic.
"Yes, I am. How much do you remember?"
“I can’t! It’s not that easy!”
"Color?"
“Leave my wife alone!” He yelled at the two remaining angels.
"I can't believe you! You-"
"Cas, that's not on you. Jimmy knew what he was getting into."
“Hey, wait! You’ll need this back.” She ran to him, giving him back his ring, and kissing him one last time.
Dean smiled too.
“Explain what? I’m not an idiot.”
Lala - pchela - russian for “bee”
"Not quite."
"My mom used to say that. So?"
“No you will not, Gabriel.”
Someone, Charlie, asked.
“I- oh god, I think I’m gonna be sick. First Cas, and now this? Oh god, Cas.” Dean backed into the house.
"Wow, you really are my kid. Lemme guess, you like coffee as black as your soul?"
Also, comments and stuff fuel my creativity! It’s hungry, you should feed it!
"Yeah, me either. Maybe… What does a wedding need? Flowers, the food, cake… Actually, can we have pie?"
"I'd love to, Dean."
"Dean? How much do you remember?" Cas asked, stretching and sitting up.
“I know, you ass! You don’t have to explain, or keep apologizing to me. I trust you.”
“Ok, let’s go.”
“Are you really that oblivious?”
“Yeah, I’m sure.”
She moved into his lap, and he smiled at how much smaller she was now. She rested her head on his shoulder and sighed softly.
"What?"
“I was in Cas’ head and I experienced some of his feelings, and then I met you and experienced yours.” The young nephilim said simply.
“What? Who’s pregnant? The lady that Cas’ helping?”
“Hey Hanna, I was just leaving.”
A week and a day later, Cas found Dean in one of the rooms putting various weapons in boxes.
“Nope, just the usual.”
“Go right ahead! We aren’t going anywhere!” Cassie beamed and De nodded.
“God, I hate you.”
But it wasn’t right. He’d crossed so many lines. And, to make it worse, he’d hurt one of the few people who he’d ever cared about.
“Cas, listen. I’m sorry about
"Thanks, Ellen, Bobby. We really appreciate it."
When Dean got back, Cas was still curled in bed.
Dean smiled.
Dean snickered, reminding Sam that he and Gabe weren't alone.
“Thank you, Dean, that was fun.” He whispered, kissing him between words.
Gabriel couldn’t take it.
“Well, seeing as I have a pregnant sibling to protect, and a huge crush on this tall, gorgeous, intelligent, brunette, I had no intention to follow through with that plan!”
“Alright, burgers and fries?”
“I understand why you don’t want to risk losing something like this, but if you wait too long, you’re gonna lose him anyway. You’ve gotta trust yourself, Dean.”
Hanna laughed.
"Thanks Sam, I really needed that!" Dean smiled and hugged his brother. "Pretty sure I was about three seconds from calling this off!"
Dean stepped closer, but Cas backed away.
“I don’t know. I don’t know which one I want more either. Dean says he wants a girl.”
“You, Me, and Cas? Sounds great!”
"Hey, it's ok, Sam."
"Sam? Gabriel! We're back!" Dean called as he and Cas walked through the door.
He walked over and picked it up carefully.
"Everything." Dean grinned, "Last night I woke up and it all just clicked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh! Sorry!” She said, this time in English.
“Always, Dean.”
“And you are…?”
“Yes! Thank you! You won’t regret it!”
“It’s fine, you had every right to be mad, I was being a douchebag. I’m the one who should be apologizing. Here, hold on.”
"Hanna? Is that you?"
“Please, let me explain.
“Well, I couldn’t have told them those, they have such a bad ending!” Cassie teased back. “I mean, who wants another gay love story where one of the main characters dies a horrible, tragic death? Bor-ing!”
“You’re welcome, Cas. How long do you think you’ll be stuck like that?”
Castiel nodded.
“Hanna, I practically wrote the book on messing up apple pie lives. When I was six months old, a demon come and cursed me. My mom came in and tried to stop him, but he killed her. My dad was devastated, and he spent the rest of his life hunting him down, and drinking himself to death. And that’s just the short version of my parents story. It’s bad.” Sam sighed. “You can come, if Cas gives you permission and if you promise to stay out of trouble.”
The two men looked at each other, the door, and then back at each other, and started laughing hysterically.
Cas smiled.
"His number. And yeah, I'm fine, Angry, but fine. Thanks Claire."
“US-what now? What does that even mean?”
“Thanks.”
The two girls smiled at each other, and
“Hello Dean.” Cas smiled back, walking over to Dean, putting down the bags, and kissing his cheek softly.
"Dude, do I need to remind you tried to sneak out of your own wedding a few hours ago for 'somewhere a little
“You know I can hear you, right?” Hanna asked, nose crinkling.
! Who…?” She gushed.
She thought for a moment.
"Dean-"
“No.”
"Dad! Surely you can't be serious.
"Come on, my love. We should get back to the party. They're going to be done setting up any minute now."
“Did you remember something? Your face lit up for a second.”
"He's breathing." He finally said.
"It's the book on
“Dean, go get Cas.” Sam told him gently.
“Relax baby.” Dean pulled him to him and cupped his cheek, “we’re just going to grab her some coffee from a place I saw on the way here, and check into the hotel.”
"You will never believe what I just saw!" Gabriel said, bursting into the room and interrupting Cas. "Well, I don't know exactly what happened, but I just walked into Dean's room in time to see Sam slap him! And then they started laughing, like psychopaths!"
“Sam, drop it.”
“Fine, I’ll bite. Where are you going?” He asked, sitting up.
Sam glared daggers at his niece.
“Worth it!” Cas grinned and Dean kissed her.
“Dea- Deanna?” Cassie said weakly. “It’s all going to be ok, Deanna. It’s time, my darling, it’s my time. I love you.”
“Thank you again.” He smiles and leaves.
“Look Sam, I’m sorry ok? Dad knows I’ve screwed up a lot in my lifetime, but hurting you like that? It takes the cake. Even with that day in Montreux, and that time I made that tower lean a little more than it already was. Never mind that, it’s not important. What is important is I think I’m in love with you, Sam Winchester.” Tears pooled in his eyes, but Sam still refused to look at him. “Sam, please.”
Hanna rolled her eyes, but got out too.
Sam crumbled to the ground, not hearing the rest of his brothers words.
“No, I don’t. I’ve been looking for him all morning, and his car is gone. I’m sorry, Cas.”
“Dea-“
Meg and Anna spent the entire party glaring at each other across the room, until they both left in the same direction a few minutes apart.
- Time, From Athens To Rome (My band)
“I knew this wasn’t real.”
“Just go.” The Hunter growled.
“I’m sorry. I swear to dad, I’ll leave Dean alone.”
“Seriously? I was handling it! Listen, if he does mess up again, take it out on me, not them.”
"I do." Cas smiled widely.
He got out of bed and shuffled out of the room, eyes avoiding the mirror hanging on the wall.
"I'll take that as a yes!"
"Thanks Dean, you too."
“He’s giving me the silent treatment.”
“Oh. Has he saved you?”
Dean sat up and looked around for the person who was talking.
“Yes, I will marry you.”
“SAM! No it happened before! He wasn’t even in her for more than a few moments before she died.”
Cas looked up, expression guarded.
"Our nephew?
“I do, Human. Now shut up and let me meet your daughter!”
Hanna and Cas sat down, as Dean served them the cooling pancakes.
“Dean, I love you too. I have for a long time.”
one. We don’t want you to be cursed accidentally, or something.”
The archangel pushed his hands between them, shutting Sam up.
Cas slipped quietly into the room, but Dean turned around anyway.
Then he changed Henry, and left to find his brother.
“Is she here? I want to meet her.” She said, getting out of the bed, and opening the door.
Then she ran through a blue glowing door, and vanished.
Sam quickly cut Jack off before he could finish his question, and Dean silently thanked his brother.
“Cas? It’s me. Are you ok?” Dean asked through the door.
He picks her up.
The girl shrugged and looked around.
"Green."
He could practically
“Same day as you and Cas’.” Sam fired back, smirking.
“Hold up, Sam. Cas? How do you feel about this? About her living with us? About any of it?”
Ellen, Mary, and Jody passed out cake and talked about how excited and proud they were.
"We're…" they stole a glance at each other.
“We’ll figure it out, right?”
“Cas, what’s up with you today? First, you didn’t sleep, despite being so drained, you’re almost human. And you threw up, and almost threw up again when I got you coffee and pb&j, one of your favorite meals. And now you’re refusing to let me do research, which would usually be fine, but you obviously aren’t feeling well, and Baby, talk to me?” Dean said.
“Boy is he going to be sorry if he isn’t.” Gabriel said, appearing by Sam.
Sam glared at him, and he winked.
"I know, but I'm not going to hunt. I promise."
The hunter ran for his brother’s room, a voice that sounded a lot like his father shouting at him to watch out for Sammy.
He counted the second Cas started kissing back as the best moment of his entire life.
"Should be! My dads deserve the best."
"Never mind, I see it now. Congrats on finally marrying Cas, be nice to Sammy and my nougat son, Jack, and if you hurt Cas, and make my friend rant text me at three am one more time, I will find my way back here and end you. DREAMS ARE FUNNY THINGS! And I think my job here is done, goodbye! Nice meeting you in person, instead of just reading about you!"
“What?” Sam asked coldly.
“What?” Dean snapped at his younger brother.
“Thank you, but this should be easy. I’ll be fine.”
“Alright, well, are you coming back to Soux falls soon?”
“Who are you?”
Cas eyed it and nodded, smiling hugely.
“Sam and Gabriel.” Cas smiled easily.
“Uh, hi.” She said, shifting her weight nervously.
“It would be easier to just get rid of the stuff.”
"Will you go out with me?"
Cas grabbed his hand and squeezed it.
Dean waved, and Sam waved back, taking the headphones off.
"Good night, Cas."
"What is this? Is this a hat?" Dean asked, frustratedly holding up a folded washcloth.
“Oh darn, thank you! By the way, you might want to clean and tighten the spark plugs.”
Dean reached for Cas’ hand, and Cas squeezed it, reassuring him that he was ok.
Dr. Masters nodded sympathetically, and John felt pathetic and sat back down.
His hands traveled over Cas' body desprately. Cas loosened his tie and slipped it off, throwing it who-knows-where and starting on his shirt. Dean pulled off his own shirt and smiled at Castiel, who was struggling with the last few buttons and helped him, kissing him softly.
In seven days, God created the world, in seven seconds, Sam Winchester shattered his.
“I love you, too. Yes, I will marry you. So, I thought we could start calling the baby something like Charlie for now and we can figure out an actual name later. What do you think?”
Cas let out a sob and buried her face in her hands.
"Found yourself... Good one... Hold... On to that."
Sam raised his eyebrows, and Dean sighed.
“I want advice. I really want to be with Sam, but I keep messing it up. I want to fix it. What do I do?”
“For you? Nothing. Consider it a wedding gift, Castiel.”
"I know, they talked for a long time at the party. It was nice to see Claire getting along with someone. I think she still holds me responsible for Jimmy Novak's death."
“Ok, thanks Sammy!” Dean hung up. “Cassie is and always has been a real person, and our brothers say hi. Now, back to what I was saying before we were interrupted. If you don’t want to do this, you don’t have to. Just say the word and W- I’ll get you back-up.”
"Gabe." Sam said as he stood in the doorway of his and his boyfriend's room.
“I won’t let anything happen to you or our kid. I promise, Castiel.”
“Wait, why not? Is everything ok, Dean?”
Sam glared at Gabriel.
“It’s decaf, not quite as bad for Charlie. I, uh, felt bad about earlier, so I got the pickle chips.”
"Oh my God…"
Dean went white.
Dean’s worried expression shifted into a giant smile, and he pulled Cas closer again, kissing her gently.
“Ok Dude, what the hell? Cas was almost asleep!” Dean yelled at his younger brother, prying his hand away.
"Off." He commanded, tugging the fabric roughly.
“Castiel? Can we talk?” Hanna asked quietly, approaching the angel cautiously.
“Yeah, ok.”
“Thank you. Get whatever you want, I don’t care. I’ll be in the car.”
“It’s not your fault Cas. Don’t blame yourself for this mess, please?”
“We can do something else if you want.”
“He’s eating with Cas in the kitchen.”
"If you're happy, I'm happy, but please warn me when you're going to... You know. Congratulations, by the way! I've been wondering when one of you would finally ask the other out..."
“Yeah, but it was getting too chick flick-y, besides, now we’re alone.” His eyes crinkled as he smiled, studying Cas’ face.
Cas got up too, and hugged him.
Dean nodded, but he still was concerned. He grabbed Cas’ hand and they walked to the parking garage.
“Castiel, I- Yes, I’ll do it. Thank you.”
He instantly felt regret.
“Michael was never my favorite.” Cas said, wrinkling her nose slightly. “You were the only one who would play with us fledglings, you were everyone’s favorite. Michael ordered us to stay away from you, but I went anyway. You let me feel her kick.”
the difference.
"You should be a lawyer. That was very convincing."
“What is it like? Being an angel?” Dean asked quietly.
"Dean! Enough is enough! Why have you been avoiding Hanna?" Sam yelled, barging into the library.
“Tell me that when Michael or Lucifer or just about anything else comes after our kid!” Dean yelled back.
“Can I?” She asked, and Sam nodded.
"Sam, it wasn't Charlie's fault." Cas said, her voice broke on the last word.
Joe obeyed.
Then came the hugs, and everyone sat down to talk.
Hanna spun around, coming face to face with a guy her age.
“Honestly? Seeing you so happy and comfortable with Cas. It’s good to see you have that after all these years.”
Cassie nodded solemnly.
“Thank you.”
Hanna smiled and walked to Henry's room to get him ready for the day.
Hahahadontkillme…
Cas smiled, but there was something behind it that Dean couldn't place.
“Baby wants pickle chips!”
"Wait, Dean!" She called, and he ran back to her side, looking worried.
