with his eyes. Natasha, bless her soul, seems to understand exactly what Rhodey is trying to tell her and gives a curt nod.
Pepper reaches over and places a hand on his arm. Tony gives her a smile that doesn't reach his eyes, patting her hand and allowing her to intertwine their fingers for a moment before he pulls his hand away and nods at her somewhat awkwardly. He realises that Clint has stopped laughing in the kitchen, and that Sam is probably staring at them in horror, so Tony heads towards the elevator without another word. He needs to get to his penthouse and think for a while, and he tries desperately not to think of the remaining alcohol in the cupboard.
taken me almost seven months to realise that I was so focused on pleasing others that I forgot I have to please myself, too. I feel like that works as a pretty okay explanation, but if you're not satisfied with it then there's not much else I can tell you other than this:
doing.
“So, we’ve figured out that whatever you’ve done to yourself is working pretty well in terms of self defence,” she says as they head towards the exit.
” he yells, battering his skull with his fists so hard that his vision darkens and goes rather blurry.
“What happened, Tones?” murmurs Rhodey. He sounds hurt and upset and Tony attempts to curl in on himself, hissing in pain when Natasha digs her nails into his shoulders to prevent the action.
“Keep it steady, okay? Make sure you don’t drop it.”
because he's your
“I know,” he responds, still sounding like a petulant child despite his bed efforts. “But I need to speak with Nat about something.” He turns to look at her, lower lip caught between his teeth. “It’ll be quick, I promise.”
“You – What?” splutters Sam. “Why were we not told about this?”
As Steve fires back another response, Tony stands and makes his way across the room by staying as close to the wall as he can without looking afraid. Bucky eyes him suspiciously, apparently not fooled by Tony’s technique. Tony is too busy gently feeling the burnt area that he doesn’t notice Steve walk up behind him.
No one told Steve the cost of his lies. They won the war. Natasha died, and Tony finally got to rest, and Steve isn’t prepared for life without them. He thinks of Tony often; how he loved him, how his smile never changed from gently loving in all the years they fought, how where once there had been the pain of suffering in silence there is now the pain of agonising loss. It comforts Steve as much as it kills him; one ache replaced with another, harsher, brutal and unforgiving – but, in the end, Tony died knowing the measure of Steve’s love. They had their moment of blissful ignorance and Tony understood the lies.
Let me start off by saying this: I am the worst. Why, you ask?
“No, I don’t. I wish I did, but I don’t anymore. It all seems so pointless to me now. There’s just going to be more pain and suffering after this, and I’ll have to get better all over again and put on a strong face that no one fucking believes anymore, and for what? Nothing matters. I’m a burden, and a pain, and I’m tired of acting like everything is okay when it’s
“For what it’s worth,” he says slowly. “I’m sorry. I hope you can understand that I never wanted to hurt anyone, but I know that I have. Their blood is on my hands. All I can do is apologise.”
Natasha ducks under the rope and, with a sigh, walks to her corner of the ring. “You’re lucky you’re pretty, Tony.” She plucks a stray piece of fluff from her shirt as Tony climbs in after her. “And to say that I knew would be a lie because I don’t know what you actually did to yourself, but I do know that it wasn’t a simple healing serum. Whether you continue to keep it a secret or not is up to you.”
It seems like their sparring match will never end, given how stubborn and skilled they both are, and Tony is honestly just astounded that he hasn’t started panting yet. Eventually, Natasha is the one who calls for a time out, and that is only because Tony threw her too hard against the mats and she dislocated her shoulder. Tony watches as she pops the shoulder back into place with practiced ease and he suppresses a grimace at the sound, which has Natasha smirking at him.
Пиздец! = That's it!
Upon walking back into the living room, he discovers that no one has left and rolls his eyes. Rhodey glares hatefully at the bottle gripped in Tony’s hand.
Natasha’s response is innocent, but her smile is coy. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Bruce considers this progress, no matter how small it may be.
“You can’t just kill someone, Tony,” says Steve, speaking up for the first time since entering the room. Tony glares at him coldly, appearing to hate Steve more and more with each word he speaks. A small lump forms in the super soldier’s throat but he continues on. “That’s not going to help anything.”
“Boss, may I recommend-”
(See the end of the chapter for
Pepper releases Tony and stands back, smiling as Tony laughs at Clint. “No, it just works like a really fast pill. Practically all of my aches are gone, and I think my bones are fully healed. That’s why I spent so long in the workshop; I wanted to check for any side effects before I told anyone.”
“FRIDAY let me in,” he says, which doesn’t answer Tony’s question and he knows it. “Apparently, you’re a danger to your own damn health and I was already on damage control for Steve, so I figured I should come check out what’s up.”
“And what if next time you don’t? What if you decide to get back into old habits but when I find you, it’s too late? How am I meant to deal with that? How are any of us meant to cope after that? Don’t forget that there are people that still give a shit about you, even if you don’t.”
“I’m afraid he won’t take no for an answer, boss.”
“Yeah, well,” grumbles Tony. “When you’re over 40, things tend to get a bit more difficult. Not that you’d know.”
do you mean by that, exactly?” asks Rhodey sharply, strong arms crossed over his chest as he stares at the archer. Being in a wheelchair doesn’t stop Rhodey from being his usual intimidating self, it seems.
The doors shut just as he throws his head back and groans, “You are a cruel woman, Romanoff.”
“There’s nothing I’m not telling you, Buck,” he says slowly.
“Pep, what’s going on? Where are you?”
“Well, you know how tiring travelling can be, so I’m gonna go nap,” says the engineer with an awkward cough. Bruce and Natasha smirk knowingly while Bucky continues to eye his projection on the screen.
“I can hear your damn thoughts from over here, Stark.”
“Mr. Hogan is being released from Mt. Sinai Hospital tomorrow, and Sir has requested you escort both he and Ms. Potts to their apartment until he has finished his meetings.”
“What’re you workin’ on?”
Tony freezes, looking as if he’s about to collapse, and stares at Bruce in something akin to childish confusion - as if he cannot understand why Bruce would say such a thing. Eventually, he swallows and says, “Thanks, Brucie Bear.”
“No, you may not,” says Tony shortly. A noise of frustration escapes past his lips as yet another search comes up with no new information. In a fit of rage, he sweeps the piles of documents and empty beer bottles onto the floor and tugs harshly at pieces of his hair while a crash sounds around his workshop. “
“Yes. Make sure to tell them not to search for me.”
The pain in his chest increases at that. They stop in front of the elevator and Tony presses the button for the ground floor, feeling jittery and anxious for no apparent reason. Rhodey eyes him suspiciously.
“You know,” says Tony later. He and Bruce are working side by side in Bruce’s special lab in the Tower just like old times, except for the unusual silence that has fallen amongst the two scientists. Whenever they worked together in the past Bruce merely listened to the other man’s incessant babbling and made interested sounds when appropriate. He never thought that he’d miss the constant stream of conversation, but now he craves it more than anything. “This isn’t just about Steve. He’s only one problem amongst the dozen others.”
Tony and Nat share a look and then run towards the already open doors of the elevator. The doors close not even a second after they step foot inside, and then they are travelling upwards.
Pepper is pacing up and down the sterile corridor of the hospital in bare feet when he sees her for the first time in months. Her clothes are torn and scorched and her hair is a tangled mess and her broken heels have been abandoned on the floor. Tony runs towards her and engulfs her in a hug, and continues to hold Pepper while she breaks down and keeps a tight grip around Tony’s neck as she sobs into his shoulder.
Pepper gives Tony a look that he can’t read, and it makes him anxious. He hates being unable to read people. It makes him feel vulnerable to an attack and that’s a dangerous feeling, given his circumstances. “There’s no shame in struggling, Tony. I know that you’d rather handle things yourself, and that’s fine - I’ll stay out of your business as long as you can promise me that you’re not being destructive. Believe what you like, but I
I had the absolute best time reading the comments on Chapter 5. You guys are so sweet and encouraging it makes my heart melt. I also got a great kick out of all of the comments wishing Tony and Pepper would just punch everyone in the face. I must say, you make it sound very tempting...
. Don’t you love me anymore?”
FRIDAY is silent for a minute. Tony eats the rest of the doughnut with no interruption, and then decides to eat another just for the hell of it.
The fifth chapter of this fic was (and still is, I think?) the most successful chapter in this work. Up until then, the number of comments was increasing and then hit an all-time high at the fifth. I was elated. For once, I thought my writing was good enough to be enjoyed by so many people and that maybe I could achieve my goals after all.
“Hey yourself, Brucie Bear,” he replies good-naturedly, waving. “Hey Tasha.”
The meetings go on until finally Tony is done for the day and allowed to leave. He flees from the building with the thought of
Tony shakes his head. “Technically, no, it’s not, and I’m not calling you that, either. We’re not friends, and I’m not-” Tony cuts himself off but Barnes seems to understand what he was about to say anyway.
“I just mean that he needs help,” Clint responds, hands raised in surrender. “Like therapeutic help, counselling,
answer him. A hand reaches for his chin and gently tilts his face. Steve shudders, eyes half-lidded while Tony smiles at him tenderly.
As Tony drives further into the airport and around the back he sees whom he presumes to be the pilot and some staff standing outside the hangar. The doors to the hangar are already open to reveal his gleaming white private jet sitting there in all its glory. Tony pulls into the private airspace and parks his car with a sigh.
“Don’t bite my head off, Steve. I just feel like we should do something.”
“So?”
Tony’s workshop is on constant lockdown now, and the only time that he leaves its sanctity is to visit Happy in the hospital, usually with Pepper. He fully invests himself in discovering the whereabouts of Spymaster and discovers some interesting things along the way, for example: the last Spymaster, Nathan Lemon, was arrested and severely beaten in jail until he eventually died in Intensive Care. It leaves Tony with absolutely no idea of the identity of the new Spymaster, and there seems to be nothing one the face of the earth that he can dig up that will help his search.
(See the end of the chapter for
doesn’t even know. I can’t tell anyone else because they’ll make it into a big deal. Don’t make me regret confiding in you.”
Tony huffs and chews on the bread in his mouth slowly, eventually swallowing it and sticking out his tongue at Natasha to show her his empty mouth. She quirks an eyebrow and hands him another. As Tony concentrates on chewing, Natasha coaxes Tony into standing and guides him out of the kitchen and towards the elevator with a gentle hand on his back. Rhodey wheels after them silently. They step into the elevator and Natasha orders FRIDAY to take them to the underground car park, which is when Steve slips past the doors and stands next to her.
A pair of strong arms wraps around Steve’s waist as tender kisses are pressed along the expanse of one of his broad shoulders, skin bared to the room because the neck of his sweater slipped after getting out of bed that morning. Steve hums in content and presses back against the warm body pressed against his back. The calloused hands resting on his sharp hipbones give a little squeeze and Steve can feel the smaller man resting his forehead against the middle of Steve’s back; right between his shoulder blades.
“Who targeted them?” asks Bucky from the corner. His face is a hard mask when Tony glances at him. “Was it Hydra? AIM?”
“Always,” she says, and then she pauses again. Tony looks in the mirror and sees the pilot boarding the jet. “I know you hate when I go all mother-hen on you, Tony, but listen to me for a second, okay? For as long as I’ve known you, you’ve always been going at 100 miles per hour; trying to please everyone, trying to please your father despite everything. I just want to tell you that I’m happy you’re finally going at your own pace, and doing things for yourself rather than for everyone else. If anyone deserves a break, it’s you.”
“I’m not that kind of-”
Tony remains silent after that, and Steve takes it as his queue to leave. As he walks towards the exit, a small amount of hope flares in his chest and causes a smile to appear on his lips when Steve realises that
“I know.”
the cruel one because I can’t just magically fucking forget everything that happened. I don’t
“I’m so proud of you, Bird Brain. You’ve done Clint and me proud,” he mocks. Sam bows jokingly and waggles his eyebrows. Tony hops down from his seat and backs up towards the doorway, ignoring Bucky and Steve and the swell of pain in his chest. “Well, I’ve got shit to do and not enough time to do it, so I’m going to go do what I do best.”
A small part of Tony’s mind agrees with the Captain and deep down he knows that killing Spymaster isn’t the answer, but then he remembers Happy’s much-needed advice during the emotional shitstorm that was the Sokovia Accords and he ignores the niggling voice in the back of his brain and instead focuses on Happy’s comforting words; ‘
The bot wheels over holding an unopened plastic bag with a large syringe in it. Tony takes the bag from its claw and the bot beeps happily once Tony smiles at it gratefully. After a few minutes of struggling, Tony finally manages to open the bag and he pulls out the syringe with a proud smile. Dum-E beeps again, but this time it sounds more worried.
for Steve to have a change of heart, but he never says anything about it. Nevertheless, he acts as unaffected by the kindness as he did before about the rudeness and general dislike of all things Tony. It turns out to be a gigantic mistake on Tony’s part because he actually develops feelings for Steve Rogers and doesn’t that shock him to his very core. It’s not that Tony thought that no one would ever come after Pepper; it’s just that he hadn’t expected it to happen so soon and with
Tony brushes past everyone and walks into the kitchen. He heads straight for the cupboard which contains his alcohol and grabs the first bottle he sees, which happens to be a bottle of rather expensive brandy. He doesn’t bother to grab a glass and instead uncorks the bottle and takes a long gulp from it, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand once he’s done. The amber liquid manages to dull some of the aches and pains he feels, courtesy of Bucky Barnes, and he sighs with relief.
“Your sarcasm wounds me. I’m in love with a little shit, someone help.”
“Steve,” he concludes, to which Tony nods. Barnes watching him for a moment through the computer screen and Tony stares back, unwilling to shy away from the ex-assassin’s piercing gaze. “I ain’t gonna tell him ‘bout this, just so ya know. Figured it ain’t my place.”
Tony chuckles coldly and takes another drink from the bottle currently falling victim to his iron-tight grip on its neck. “It has everything to do with this! You are a liar, and a coward, and the only reason that I’m still alive is because T’Challa showed up right in the nick of time to stop your friend over there from beating me to death.” Barnes’ hands clench into fists beside Steve but Tony ignores him, too caught up in his rant to stop. “And the funny thing is that I wish he hadn’t shown up, and that Barnes had killed me, because it would have been better than having to live in the same world as someone like you.”
Tony places the hearing aid and his tools down and turns in his stool to give Pepper a smile. “That’s great news, Pep.”
Things grow worse over the period of two months. It takes a while but Tony eventually develops a small level of trust with some of the others. He realises that Sam is actually a really nice and sincere guy, and Clint, well, Tony has always had a secret soft spot for the archer. Wanda is still incredibly stand-offish around Tony and vice versa, but they get by with small talk and awkward half-smiles. They don’t see much of Scott, but when they do he and Tony are capable of a little joking around and enough conversation to prevent it from getting awkward. He outright avoids Steve and Bucky at every opportunity, and Tony avoids all human contact from people that aren’t Pepper, Rhodey, Bruce, and Natasha.
Tony whimpers again at the sound of an annoyed Bruce, which can lead to an angry Bruce, which can lead to his large green alter ego taking over and destroying Tony’s tower with him in it and he has to screw his eyes shut and attempt to concentrate on his breathing because that train of thought is downright
“That’s always been the thing,” says the smaller man. He chuckles dryly and scrubs a hand over his face, which catches on his goatee. “You would fight and die for me within reason, but I would kill for you without hesitation. That’s why I’m doing this, don’t you see? I’m killing myself slowly, just like you wanted two months ago.”
He tugs the blanket further over his head and grabs his ‘World’s #1 Asshole’ (courtesy of Rhodey) mug and fills it to the brim with rich and steaming coffee. Sam wrinkles his nose at the black drink, preferring a sweeter one himself, as Tony places it on the countertop. He goes back to flipping pancakes while Tony seats himself next to Bruce, but it proves rather difficult with the blanket still wrapped around him.
FRIDAY’s displeases tone fills the elevator. “Captain-”
Tony takes another long gulp from the bottle before he slides his eyes shut, grumbling unintelligibly under his breath until his grip around the neck of the bottle goes limp and his breathing evens out. Bucky watches him sleep for a moment, noting how much younger Tony looks in his sleep now that his wrinkles have smoothed out. Bucky grabs a soft and thick red blanket from the back of the couch and drapes it over Tony. He glances at the pictures on the table only once as he makes his exit.
“You have ten minutes to clean yourself up and get dressed.”
Natasha raises an unimpressed eyebrow at him. “He wasn’t that hard to miss, Steve. Don’t blame me for your lack of observational skills.”
“No,” replies Tony sharply. He then sighs. “Well, yes, sort of. It’s everything, Pep. I just need some time away from every
“Rough night, I’m guessing?” says Sam cheerfully.
“Fix.It.”
After minutes of heaving and trying to calm his shaking hands, Tony sits back down in his swivel stool and returns to his research. He’s not even sure what to search for anymore, but he will continue to try everything under the sun and just hope for some answers. He needs Pepper and Happy to be safe. Aside from Rhodey, they’re the closest thing to family that he’s got. He doesn’t realise that he is biting his lip until he feels something trickle down his chin and he wipes it away with a frown. Upon examination, he discovers that the substance was blood and sucks his lower lip into his mouth in an attempt to stem the slight bleeding.
“His work is always Hulk-inducing,” replies Tony with a small smile. Clint nods in agreement.
“What sort of question is that?” he asks.
“Yes, FRIDAY?” he asks, polite as ever despite having a slight inner meltdown at the thought of having to erase his very large mistake without doing damage to his drawing.
Tony remains silent. Bruce isn’t surprised in the slightest and continues on.
Sorry for the lack of updates recently! I've been having some personal issues lately, but let's hope that I manage to write another chapter for Friday. Apologies for how terrible this is but I did my best.
“And what of the other Avengers?”
Pepper scoffs and returns to the kitchen, which is when Tony notices the steaming apple pie on the counter. “Please, Tony, you know I’d be the doctor. You can be the nurse.”
A beat of silence follows.
“Mount Sinai Hospital.”
“I know,” says Bucky, nodding. “No offence or nothin’, but-”
Apparently the avoidance becomes a problem for Steve, who shows up to Tony’s workshop unannounced one day and has the audacity to start yelling at Tony and play it off like all of this is
Can I just say that reading everyone's comments makes my days so much better and brighter. I always smile when reading them because you're all so sweet, and it honestly means a lot that people are actually enjoying what I write. It almost makes me feel bad that this fic is full of angst ... almost.
Bucky pauses long enough for Tony to grow fidgety. He hates Barnes’ presence on his floor, in his home, and he wants to burn the area of the couch that he’s sitting in just so that everything in his penthouse remains untouched by the man who murdered his parents, his
"I tried so
It was never my intention to abandon this fic for so long, but then again it
“However backhanded it may be,” mutters Tony, which earns him an even colder glare. “But you’re welcome, Barnes.”
It gets kind of blue for a teeny bit and touches on my mental health, so if this is something that could cause you any unease please be aware of that.
!” exclaims Natasha, keeping up the act even though her eyes clearly display the amusement she is trying to hide. Tony laughs again, and he marvels at how easy it comes to him now. Back in the Tower, he could barely even smile without some form of alcohol or drug in his system.
“Yeah, well,” says Tony through a small smile. He’s missed bantering like this with Pepper. Most of their conversations revolve around the company now that they’re broken up, and Tony knows that she’s missed this, too.
Steve cannot keep the smile out of his voice when he leans in close to Tony’s ear and murmurs, “I love you, Tony Stark.”
Tony grins and woops with joy. As well as his clothes, his bandages and casts have also mysteriously vanished, and so Tony flexes his fingers experimentally. He laughs incredulously. “It works!”
All of you are extremely sweet, incredibly kind, and caring people and I love you all from the bottom of my heart. I hope to have another chapter ready eventually, but this is it for now!
FRIDAY pauses long enough for more of Tony’s tears to begin their descent of his face before catching in his goatee. “Of course, boss,” she replies eventually.
“It really depends on your definition of stupid-”
“Easy,” she repeats, and then enters the elevator to leave Tony staring at her with a dumbfounded expression until she reaches out and drags him in. “Plus, this could be a good way to check for any other side effects from that experiment of yours.”
Barnes raises his eyebrows. “Hardly,” he grunts. “I don’t understand proper emotions yet. People are too damn complicated and they seem to think a dozen things every second, just like you do. What I came up here to say is maybe that’s why I don’t like you. I mean you hate my fuckin’ guts but you still let me stay here, and Natasha seems to like you much more than she’s willing to admit and I trust her judgement.”
Something I can tell you, though, is that I read everything you write to me, and it warms my very cold soul to see that some people didn't give up on me (or this fic, obvs) in times when I had given up on myself. I am nearly always on this website - in instances when I am not, I receive e-mails of my notifications - and if anyone would like someone to listen, or to offer a few words of simple encouragement, you know where to find me.
Steve can’t,
“There’s still some in the pot,” says Bruce in lieu of a greeting, nodding towards his cup of coffee that Tony now notices has an animated picture of a cat in a lab coat on it.
Steve isn’t stupid. He can tell when he isn’t wanted. He sucks his plush lower lip into his mouth and worries it between his teeth and then nods. He glances back at Tony, leaning against the wall and trying not to fidget, and then follows Pepper obediently. They pass by the couch where Happy is sprawled out half-asleep across it and Pepper unlocks the door and opens it for him. Steve pointedly stares straight ahead of himself as he exits the apartment. Tony doesn’t come running after him, nor does he kiss him right there in the corridor like he used to, and Steve vows not to let his imagination run wild again as disappointment courses through him.
“Bruce?” she asks softly. “Are you alright?”
Tony swallows around a lump in his throat. “Far enough,” he says, and ends the call.
, whatever the hell that means.
“How is he?” he mutters softly. Pepper lifts her shoulders and then drops them in a graceless shrug. She looks exhausted and possibly traumatised, and all he wants to do is bundle her up in warm blankets and protect both her and Happy from all of the bad things in the world.
“Put her through,” says Tony instantly.
“Just... one of those days, y’know?” he says.
“Now,
Oh, and I have yet another angsty song recommendation: Comatose by Mikky Ekko. That song paired with this fic? Ouch.
Tony shrugs sheepishly. “I was apparently too exhausted to have any nightmares, so...”
is where you and your team of delinquents come into use.”
“My parents,” he responds, voice sounding scratchy and raw.
“What the
“If you didn’t like it, I won’t be offended,” says Steve with a frown. “I don’t want it to seem like I’m trying to buy your forgiveness with gifts. I just thought you’d like it, is all.”
“Trust me when I say that Captain America and his gang of simpleton’s will not be a problem. As for Mr. Hogan and Ms. Potts? I have big plans for them. Tony Stark will be eliminated by the end of the month, that I guarantee.”
Steve and Bucky share a look. “Are you sure Tony meant
ring any bells? Or do none of you watch the news?”
“I thought it’d be better to tell you myself rather than you hearing it from any of the others.”
Bucky snorts and rolls his eyes. “And what’s that? Drink?” he says with a sneer. Steve’s eyes widen and he thumps his companion on the arm rather hard, if Barnes’ flinch is anything to go by, but Tony doesn’t rise to the bait. Instead, he flips the former assassin the bird and turns swiftly on his heel to exit the kitchen, blanket billowing behind him like a cape.
He receives a few eye rolls and grunts in response, but no objections, so Tony considers it a win as they all file past him to enter the elevator. Natasha is the last to squirm her way into the cramped elevator, and she smirks over her shoulder at the engineer.
“And why-”
This chapter is all over the place but, hey, I tried. I promise (hope) everything will start tying together nicely in later chapters, but for now please enjoy the update. There is a chance that I will be updating more frequently now that I am officially on Summer holidays, but we'll see!
At that, she throws the sheets on top of Tony’s face as he lay on the ground and exits the bedroom. With yet another groan, Tony manages to drag himself to his feet and he trudges into the bathroom to relieve himself and brush his teeth. He doesn’t bother gelling up his hair and decides to leave it lying flat and fluffy on his forehead. Feeling more awake, he then leaves the bathroom and enters his extremely large walk-in closet to throw on the first items of clothing he sees. He emerges from his bedroom after exactly ten minutes, wearing a grey pull-over hoodie on top of his black tank top and black sweatpants. Natasha looks him over and nods approvingly
“James?” asks Natasha suspiciously. “What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know what to do next. I’ve been to visit Pepper and Happy and spoken to them about what happened, and Pepper said a man ran into them but they saw nothing else, and FRIDAY said that the IED was in-”
“And what of Ms. Potts?”
Tony spends far too long considering it before he shakes his head. “No, no, that’s okay. I’m needed here. I can deal with this shit.”
“I don’t think so. How ‘bout you, Pep?”
Steve frowns. “Was my access revoked or something?”
Tony wakes up weeks later in a hospital room with a sleeping Rhodey in the bed beside him and barely has time to think
lnir/Shield combos, Sam and Natasha creating the
“I’ll call Pep on the way and tell her myself. She can pass the message on to Rhodey.”
he thinks with a bitter expression. For whatever reason, Tony is unable to decide whether it’s a good thing or not.
Tony stops pacing and turns around to glare at Rhodey, sneering. “I think ensuring Pepper and Happy’s safety, as well as everyone else’s, is a bit more important than my personal hygiene, don’t you?”
“Of course I trust you, but I’m not stupid, Nat. You and I both know that you are fully capable of finding out by yourself, so why haven’t you?”
“It’s no problem, man, just close your damn mouth.”
“What-” He manages to get out before Pepper takes a menacing step forward and firmly pokes him in the sternum.
“Tony...” She says his name very slowly, and her tone is wary.
“I’m fine!” yells Tony, panicked. He will not have Barnes, of all people, seeing him at his most vulnerable. He downright refuses. “Get out! Leave!”
Natasha rounds the other side of the breakfast bar, nudging past Sam on her way to the fridge. She grabs the carton of pulp free orange juice and pours herself a glass before hoisting herself up onto the countertop next to where Sam is serving up more pancakes. An amused smile is pulling at the corners of her mouth.
“You’re going to anyway,” says Tony with a deadpan stare. He takes a slow sip of his drink and watches Barnes over the rim of the glass.
It comes out bitter though Tony had hoped for casual and hurt flashes across Steve’s features and tugs his lips downwards into a frown. “Tony,” he says cautiously, with an edge of warning. Tony’s palms grow increasingly sweatier by the minute and he shoves them in the pockets of his slacks.
“You- Are you kicking us out?” asks Clint incredulously.
long time. Someone seems to hear his prayers and, as Natasha is a step away from the elevator’s threshold, the doors close.
Oh, look, another chapter that I'm not happy with! I hope you all enjoy it regardless.
“Sorry, guess it’s just been a long day or somethin’,” he says, attempting a sheepish smile.
“What can we do for you, Steve?” asks Happy with an awkward smile, hoping to diffuse the awkward tension in the room.
Bruce sighs loud enough to gather the attention of the others, including Steve, who has been pacing back and forth with a frown on his face since they reached the floor. Natasha places a comforting hand on Bruce’s shoulder and looks into his eyes with genuine concern shining in her own.
“Thank you,” Tony whispers. “It’s been tough, but I know now that you had no control. I’m sorry too, for what it’s worth.”
мый.”
Tony feels like a deer caught in headlights as Pepper and Rhodey look at him expectantly. Here, right in front of him, are the two people who have always tried to be by Tony’s side no matter what. They are the two whom have always tried to do right by him and, for the most part, succeeded. Even when they wronged him, it was always over something small and they would do their damndest to make it up to him again. Suddenly overcome with guilt, Tony avoids their eyes and looks down at his bare feet.
“Tony, well, he stood up for me, which no one else had done before. We were walking to the lab one day when I heard these agents around the corner talking about me. They were saying really nasty things, like how I should be locked up because I’m dangerous, and Tony, well, he wasn’t having any of it. He walked right over and gave them hell for it, and afterwards he didn’t even understand why I thanked him. He kept saying that it’s what every good person would do, and so I guess Tony was the first good person that I ever really met. He was the first person to treat me like I was normal, like I was a friend. He accepted that the other guy was a part of me and just...
, Tony!” exclaims Bruce, flinging his arms out as he stares at his friend incredulously. “Drinking won’t help you get better, but the right treatment can. Treatment brings hope.”
Tony inhales slowly again, thinking that it could be his last chance to ever do it again, and then sinks the needle into the nape of his neck and presses down on the tip of the syringe. As soon as the Extremis serum is injected into his bloodstream, Tony’s vision goes blurry and his body begins burning up. He can faintly hear Dum-E’s worried beeping and the whirring of his wheels, but no words of reassurance leave his mouth and Tony slips into unconsciousness.
‘Huh.’
“Anyone with half a brain cell knows that I am still stupidly in love with Steve,” says Tony, which seems to take Barnes by surprise. “I haven’t stopped, not even for a second, not even when he chose you over me. I don’t see a day in my future where I will ever stop loving him, but loving someone doesn’t mean that you have to date them, or marry them, or anything.”
“If you want to kill me so bad you should just do it. I don’t care,” spits Tony. He watches the slight widening of Bucky’s eyes at that admission and feels an odd sense of pride at being able to surprise the man. “I won’t stop you. At least I’ll be with them.”
“There were quite a few close calls, sir, but it appears that the Exremis serum has successfully rootted itself in your body. The arc reactor proved its most challenging competitor and it almost caused multiple seizures, but I can no longer detect any issues with your current health. As a matter of fact, your health is better than it has been for quite a while, sir.”
, he thinks hysterically.
When FRIDAY said that Barnes wanted to talk, Tony had shrugged and thought
“Ah, shit,” he mutters angrily, staring down at the skin on his left hand which is bright red and looks as if it may blister.
Steve sighs and runs a hand over his face. “It’s all we’ve got to go on,” he offers with a helpless shrug of his shoulders. His eyes suddenly turn distant and sad, and Natasha has a feeling that Steve isn’t finished explaining himself yet. “And Tony, he- he seemed so
“No shit,” says Tony with a roll of his eyes. “I thought as much, unless it’s normal for a guy to call me seventeen times and text me ten times. What can I possibly do about it? I’m not coming back any time soon, and I don’t owe him an explanation.”
“Only for you, sweetheart.”
That’s the state that both Steve and Bucky find him in.
“As if I don’t know that,” Tony scoffs. “But we’re here to talk about Spymaster, and since you’ve all made your opinions abundantly clear I only have one thing left to say; don’t get in my way. You can all leave now.”
Tony nods again. Natasha sighs and plants a gentle kiss to his cheek before she brushes past him to reach the trunk of the SUV. As she sticks her head inside to remove Rhodey’s wheelchair and unfold it, Tony makes a rash decision and bolts.
technique, Clint shooting arrows that Wanda attempts to explode with her powers, etc). Tony can only hope that they move to the training room to test out new techniques because, even though the gym may be built to handle everything the Avengers throw at it, the gym was built for fitness purposes and
“FRIDAY,” says Tony as he and Rhodey enter his suite. “Tell everyone to come to the penthouse immediately, it’s urgent.”
Tony joined him at the console, equally frustrated. Above the console was a projection of the scant amount of information the team knew about Thanos’s weapon. And next to it was a list of the random sequences that had been sent to Tony the past week. Tony and Bruce were at Stark Enterprises earlier in the day to discuss the mysterious email and perhaps its connection to the super weapon.
fucking hard.” Tony breathed as he stroked Steve for some time before leaning downward to suck on his cock.
The three of them chatted a little longer before Rhodey excused himself to speak to Pepper. Steve and Tony were left alone, both weirdly trying to appear not awkward at all.
“And, Tony!” T’Challa greeted as soon as Tony came up to him, “so wonderful to have you here before the wedding.”
what you’re capable of. Thanos has been using you to evade detection this entire time. How can we take your word that you’re no longer working for him?”
building almost kill him.” Bucky coolly responded.
“What does that mean?” Clint shouted over the propellers.
“Two conventionally attractive people hanging out with each other, yeah people are going to let their imaginations fly. Some have the decency to keep it to themselves.”
Steve yawned as soon as he opened his eyes. He was lying on his back with his arm outstretched on the side of the bed Tony had slept. He blinked a few times, realizing that Tony was gone already. He sat up straight, looking around; Tony’s bedroom looked different from last night. Steve wasn’t sure if it was due to the time of night or night’s somber atmosphere. He looked around the room once more before his eyes landed on the bedside table. There, a folded note with his name on it caught his eye. Steve took his time reaching over to read it. He glanced around the room again, as if searching for the person who had left the note before flipping it open:
Tony heard his friend whistle a few times; he instantly felt self-conscious but that wasn’t going to stop him from looking forward to spending more time with Steve.
Tony propped himself up to eye Peter. “Did you check your bathroom?”
The first few months were a little bumpy, but after a while Tony and Peter began spending more time together, effortlessly clicking on anything related to science and technology. Eventually Peter grew attached to Tony and vice versa. Tony had vowed upon adopting Peter that he would never treat him the way his dad had when he was a child.
“Steve never seemed like the type to take things lightly…I bet he’s struggling with how to show you that he cares about you without pushing you away. You guys always seemed like you clicked…actually, and I said this on the way here with Pepper, I always thought you guys were going to get married…”
“Get your hands off me!” Loki continued to scream.
Steve shook his head. “Buck, you begged to come along with me.”
As he approached his usual workstation, Steve finally checked his text messages. He found a few from Sam asking him how his trip with Tony was, undoubtedly wearing that goofy smile while crafting those messages. Steve sighed to himself as he thought about the entire trip.
“I like the stripped one!” Peter exclaimed, pointing to the shirt on the left.
a troublemaker.” He quipped, hearing her sigh loudly as he quickly headed toward his lab with a huge grin on his face.
He grinned at Tony once more before opening the door to exit the office. Tony groaned loudly to himself as soon as he was left alone, burying his head in his hands. His moment of solitude was soon interrupt, nevertheless, as another knock rapped on his door.
“Are you okay? Should I come back later?” Steve asked quietly.
Steve spun around away from the sink. “I probably did something else stupid at the party. Thor was passing out some cocktail he made after you left.”
“Uh…well…,” he started, shuffling around in his chair. He looked at his wristwatch, trying not to lock eyes with Steve.
Tony sighed. He knew he was going to have to really work for it. He could tell that Sam had already picked up on his real question. He felt so juvenile for even asking about Steve and Bucky’s relationship, but he couldn’t ask Steve. Asking Bucky seemed more puerile than asking Steve, so that was also out of the question. Sam was the only one of Steve’s closest friends who seem to be the most neutral and Tony felt the most comfortable asking, even though he felt like he was in high school—
Steve glared at Tony. “Not to mention you put yourself in harm’s way when we tried dismantling that Thanos weapon. And I’m not entirely thrilled that you and Peter seem to be working on those crazed robots again.”
“Hey, Peter. Come over here and meet Steve.” Peter turned around with a huge smile at the sound of Tony’s voice. He then jumped down from the ladder, running up to Steve before stopping short to salute him.
Tony chuckled before reaching out a hand to stop Steve, turning somewhat to address him more directly.
Tony sat up in the bed as best as he could, prompting a now awake Steve to slide his body on top of him.
He took a moment before continuing, unsure if he should bring up having Steve stay over when Peter was home.
Tony groaned with a smile. “Yeah, okay, you huge sap. Open it already.”
Tony continued to stare at him before giving him a quizzical look.
“Hey, Pep,” he began, drawing out Pepper’s shorter nickname, “this is super short notice, but are you busy tonight? Something came up and I need someone to watch Peter for me for a few hours…” Tony trailed off, fully expecting Pepper to tell him to fuck off.
Obadiah glared back at him, yet he was confused by what exactly Thanos was getting at. They had the schematics, Tony no longer had control over Synergy, and they were free to sell their version of the device with Stark Industries reaping the benefits.
Tony hadn’t meant to look over at Steve; his emotions were swirling, and he was having trouble trying to control them. But something about the moment felt right as he watched Steve excuse himself from the huddle before walking over to his table.
known Rogers to how long
He looked upward at Tony again before inching closer toward his cock, rubbing as tenderly as possible, which seemed to feel great to Tony who started moaning. Steve swallowed a lump in his throat before he closed his eyes, opening his mouth slowly, letting his tongue touch the tip of Tony. He pressed his body downward into the bed as he took more of Tony in, pleasantly surprised with how nice he felt in his mouth.
Tony groaned as he leaned forward in the chair to place his head into his hands. “That’s the understatement of the fucking century…but miraculously, he’s on board despite my best efforts in pushing away one of the only good things to happen to me in a while…”
“I said, ‘okay?’. Tony repeated sternly.
Tony perked up. “Pepper Potts?”
Tony felt horrible on the inside.
Steve whimpered as soon as Tony’s hand made contact with skin. He rutted against Tony as they continued making out heavily, gasping for air. Tony panted as he could feel himself pressing against the fabric of his pants. He then reached underneath Steve to get to his zipper, but he stopped short.
Tony uncrossed his arms to retrieve something from his back pocket. To Steve, it looked like a computer chip encased in a small glass container, but it was a little too big. Tony handed the chip to Steve. Steve hesitated before accepting it, not entirely sure what he had been given.
Tony grinned at the two of them before grabbing the bottle and more shot glasses. “Suit yourselves. Barton, let’s interject some debauchery into this party, shall we?” He motioned for Clint to follow him over to where others were gathered.
“We don’t know who else is involved and it might go to the top. If it does, we’re only making it worst without coming up with a plan first.”
Steve’s expression slowly betrayed his discomfort. His face turned red as he looked away from Tony again.
“What?” Tony responded as he looked at Steve before looking back at Bruce and Shuri.
Steve winced before he responded. To Tony, it was obvious that Steve was trying to choose his words carefully, but he didn’t feel like hearing what he had to say that could possibly explain such a misunderstanding.
Tony criticized himself as he hugged his knees against his chest.
figured out how to get the device up and running? And, no one got hurt.” Tony pointed to himself as he glared at Steve.
Would you like to have dinner with me sometime this week?
“…Buck?” Sam kept his eyes on the sheets.
“Of course, Steve.” Steve could see out of the corner of his eye Sam giving him that infamous goofy grin.
Shuri’s eyes widened as she looked at Tony and Steve.
Obadiah looked back and forth between Thanos and Nebula before looking down at the schematic.
Tony nodded with a sheepish smile. “Yeah, I’ll just hang out.”
Tony smiled meekly. “Thanks, Rhodey. I really appreciate it,” he then fluttered his eyelashes as he changed the fluctuation in his voice, “and it helps having someone as big
Tony laughed quietly as he continued to push backward into Steve. “I suppose that’s fine…” He teased.
Steve waited a minute before he joined Tony at the railing. He let Tony settle before continuing. “Tony, I’m not talking about Sharon…I’m talking about you and me…” He explained quietly.
“I'd rather be in custody.” Dr. Selvig looked intently at her, his voice, this time, never quivered.
“I don’t know, she was okay a second ago” Steve looked in the verge of despair.
Steve didn’t even dare to question again, he just set the phone down in front of the kitten; whatever to get her to stop crying. He could hear Tony’s voice, if faint, whispering nothings at the kitten and even crooning, and it was working. The cat approached to the phone slowly, surely recognizing the familiar voice and just sat there, meowing from time to time as if answering whatever Tony was telling her.
Peter ran to his parents’ bedroom, Steve was surprised he was so fast to have such short legs, and knocked on the door calling for Tony in a tone that had Steve’s heart in a tight grip but he couldn’t risk Peter getting ill, not with his asthma. With a sigh, Steve walked to get him, picking him up as careful as he could and it was a bit tricky when Peter was squirming like a fish that just got out of the water.
What started as a task meant to somewhat assist Tony with his anxiety, changed into a program; Avenger’s kitties. It wasn’t exactly the Avengers’ per se, mostly only Tony, but people would be more interested to adopt cats that had been taken care of, and even named, by the Avengers as a whole instead of just one of them. The shelter took care of all the adoption process while Tony just took care of the kittens, bathing them, feeding them, playing around, cuddling, and of course, naming them and taking several photos which he later posted, increasing then the chance to find them a loving home. The whole program was approved after its success was proved right after Tony was assigned his first litter of kittens and they were assigned homes almost immediately, and maybe that was helped by the video Natasha recorded of the tiny fluffy kittens following Tony around the tower like little ducklings.
“Yep”
And yes, it could get worse, so much worse, because no matter what everyone said and how things ended, no one had died. Sure there were relationships and friendships ruined, there were physical injuries, in his very own case very lasting damage, there was emotional trauma left behind, but no lives had been lost in between them, but with the Avengers dissolved and so very few of them still within reach and under the UN’s and the accords’ guidelines there was a high chance that they wouldn’t make it if an important threat to the world knocked on their doors. Rhodey was out of commission for the moment or at least until his therapy granted him full use of the legs Tony had designed for him, and even then he still had to relearn to control War Machine, T’Challa was a great ally but he had his hands full between serving as an ambassador and mediator for the accords and his duties as a King, which left Tony alone with Vision and a bunch of enhanced humans still in training that could pose as a liability rather than proper team mates, and knowing Tony, he’d rather do it all by himself than to risk unexperienced people, for if they got injured or died Tony would take it upon himself, adding the guilt to the already heavy weight he carried over his shoulders.
"Pete, do you mind if I kiss and hug your daddy?" He bounced Peter a couple of times to get his attention.
"Hey, hey, hey, easy." The voice urged but the dizziness added to the turmoil of everything that was in his head made him react.
“Now that’s not so bad, is it?” he chuckled and took it as a victory.
“She started it, she’s hogging you” Shuri pouted but Tony knew she was pretending.
"I'll be there in ten, would the little guy mind if I joined you two?" He heard Tony ask Peter and he couldn't help the dumb cheesy smile plastered on his face.
“Your cat—Miss Peanut Butter misses you” the mention of the name drew a very loud laugh from Clint on the other side of the room. Steve sent him his best glare.
No particular prompt for this.
But if there was something Tony would never forget nor forgive was the fact that Steve lied to him, Steve kept the murder of his parents secret from him and still had the nerve to call Tony out on his own mistakes, because of course, Captain America was better than everyone. Steve had got mad at Tony for hiding his knowledge about the accords, to which Tony provided the information right away, trying to make amends, he got mad the power of decision would be take away from them and somehow that didn’t apply to Steve, somehow Steve was a superior being to have the right to make decisions for others, to decide what was best for Tony, as if Tony were a mindless child who knew no better, acting in that condescending and patronizing way that made Tony’s blood boil with anger.
Prompt: Give me a Tony Stark who’d very gladly wake up in the middle of the night and slow dance in his pajamas while playing soft music with a very upset little baby cuddled to his chest because they’re teething.
He remembered every single second of the fight; his reasoning blinded by anger, Steve’s and Bucky’s coordinated attack against Tony, two super soldiers against one under-armored Iron Man, because Tony had fulfilled his promise to Sam to come in peace, to help find Zemo and bring him to justice only to be left alone, beaten, wounded, defeated and with a useless suit in the middle of a freezing abandoned Hydra base, to be accompanied only by his failure. But the image of Steve bringing down his shield on him would be forever tattooed in his mind, for a moment there he had truly believed Captain America, Steve, his supposed friend was going to end his life with a final strike. Tony was almost sure that if it wasn’t for T’Challa finding him he would’ve died there, and it scared the hell out of Tony how little he had cared about his own death right then.
"You have to breathe, okay? We don't want you passing out on us, buddy." The voice said, Sam, as Steve looked briefly at him before reaching out to Bucky, shaking hands grabbing onto the fabric of Bucky's shirt. "Breathe in five hold and out in seven, come on." Sam coached but Steve's mind couldn't focus.
“Friday?”
"Surprisingly, he didn't." Tony pointed out and he seemed quite impressed by that fact too. "Pep got him some crayons and paper and he colored for some time and then he just fell asleep on me, both things he could've also done if he had stayed with Happy."
Tony had never come to terms with his parents’ deaths. Sure Howard had been an asshole and a prick but even he hadn’t deserve to die like that, but Tony’s mom, Maria, had been the light of Tony’s life; for so many years she and Jarvis had been the only reasons Tony had had to stay alive, they had been the only reasons why he came back home on holidays risking to run into his father for whom Tony had never been anything but a failure, a creation because he had never earned the title of son in the eyes of the great Howard Stark. To his father the only one who matters was Captain America, Tony’s childhood hero and hated figure alike; later in life he found that Steve Rogers wasn’t as perfect as people claimed him to be, he was full of flaws but somehow people thought him worthier than Tony, and Tony had accepted a long time ago that maybe he would never be, but that was okay. But that day Tony had witnessed his parents’ death- his mother’s death and lashed out of anger; Barnes wasn’t guilty but neither was Tony.
Tony and Bucky glare at each other unwaveringly. The entire room is tense and the others are watching with bated breath to see how things turn out. Bucky’s chest is heaving up and down and Tony’s hands are shaking, but it’s clear that neither man is going to be backing down any time soon.
“Actually,” says Bucky in a disgruntled tone. “That’s my vodka.” He shrugs when Steve turns to look at him incredulously. “What? I like the taste.”
The room goes quiet enough that, if a pin were to drop, you would hear it loud and clear. Tony clenches his jaw and meets Steve’s eyes with a fiery glare, having caught what Steve was about to say before he backpedalled. “I’m so very sorry that you think my parents’ murder is such a small incident, Steve, but I guess that apology is as false as your own.”
Features breakfast with the Avengers, Bruce being a good bro, and Stony angst.
Steve curses. ‘What do you want me to
“I honestly don’t know what Steve sees in ya.”
“I’m too emotional for this shit,” he sobs into Bruce’s shoulder, which earns him a chuckle.
Steve jogged to catch up with him, but he expended little effort. “Me too.” He offered quietly in a reassuring tone as he followed Tony into the bedroom.
Steve followed Tony all the way to his office, stopping the door from slamming in his face with his foot. He pushed the door open to find Tony standing in the middle of the office with his arms crossed.
strong as you to help from time to time.”
Steve appeared not to notice Bucky’s expression as he nodded back. “I guess that might help…”
Pepper nodded again as she rubbed Tony’s arm. “I appreciate the concern, Tony, but I’ll be okay. However, please look after yourself…please don’t run off and play spy again without telling me, okay?”
“J.A.R.V.I.S.,” he called as the robot threw a broken stand in their direction, “give me a rundown of Peter’s robot, I need to disarm this thing...”
“Ah, Tony,” Dr. Strange appeared in the room interrupting the budding intimate moment, “glad to see you’re finally awake.” He smiled at both Steve and Tony as he walked to the opposite side of the bed.
Tony was sitting at his desk while Peter and Steve played around with the controls on a small console in the corner of his office. He watched Peter show Steve the schematics to the new robot they were planning to build, and Steve listened intently with a level of patience Tony could only admire. Watching them interact felt both familial and strange to Tony; something about seeing Steve and Peter like this confirmed his feelings toward Steve, and he found himself doubting their relationship less.
Steve exhaled with relief as he entered the elevator; he wasn’t sure Tony would let him up. Steve scanned his fingerprint before he leaned against the back wall of the elevator. He agonized over what he was going to say to Tony once they greeted each other. The elevator flew past each floor until it reached the penthouse; the shaft stopped promptly before opening its doors to reveal a very worn-out looking Tony.
Bruce, Natasha, and Thor huddled together before walking down the hallway. Tony was left standing awkwardly next to Steve. He glanced upward at Steve with a sheepish grin.
Steve turned around to look at Tony who was now moving around the kitchen grabbing items without hearing what was for dinner. Steve rolled his eyes as he helplessly watched Tony whirl around the kitchen.
Obadiah gasped for air as soon as the hood over his head lifted. He struggled, realizing that he was tied to a chair. He kept gasping for air as his eyes adjusted to the change in light, seeing that he was in a tiny room with Thanos and one of his daughters.
Obadiah Stane
Bucky slowly acknowledged Steve. “I agree with Sam…you should be able to do what you want, Cap…if you want to bring Tony, you should be able to do that.”
Steve waited as he heard May let out a subdued sigh. “Peter’s fine. He’s sleeping. Are you sure everything is okay?”
“This should give the board something nice to ruminate on while we do our work in peace.” Bruce clapped Tony on the back as he followed Thor out of the hospital room.
Tony looked at Steve. Something about his tone was super sexy, but Tony reminded himself not to get hung up on it. He desperately wanted to take a hold of Steve’s hand, but decided against it.
“What do you want, Obie? I’m about to leave to visit Steve.”
Steve’s eyes widened; Tony had never seen him looked so terrified. “Tony…” Steve shook his head, “…why didn’t you call me?”
The robot stopped before it blinked a few more colors. “Good day, Captain Rogers.” It greeted.
Steve watched Tony stroll away, before motioning for Sam to follow him in another direction.
“So, you know...” Rhodey pointed back at Tony.
The comment shocked both Steve and Tony as the two looked at each other before facing Mr. Beck again.
“You know, Tony. I’m going to have to reevaluate our friendship if you keep ignoring me.” Bruce turned to face Tony directly, but Tony was too involved in ogling at Steve to really notice. He grunted a non-committal reply.
“Let’s hope we don’t have a repeat from your party, Thor.”
Then why even try for a relationship at all? Maybe he shouldn’t date. He probably should just give up and focus on Peter and work. There was no use; he would just fuck it up again.
Steve laughed as he pulled Tony close to his body again for another kiss. “Yes, Tony.”
Steve had turned around to hold up a hand. “There’s no ‘you and me’, Tony.
“So…” Shuri zoomed into the image with her free hand, “there’s something about an external device, which I originally thought was just the chip that I embedded the failsafe codes in but I don’t think it applies now…the notation was something about…another function in the device…but I’m not too sure…”
“Oh yeah? What does Obie want now?” Steve could tell that Tony was trying to be his usual cheerful self, but now he sensed that something was making his lab mate uneasy.
As the band and Tony continued on, Bucky bumped into Steve, smiling ridiculously as he tried to get his friend to dance with him. Steve sighed as he moved with Bucky, motioning for everyone else to sway or dance as Tony sang.
Bucky rolled his eyes dramatically as he rested his hands on his hips. He looked downward before looking up as his friend.
“Tony!” Steve responded, clearly embarrassed.
Tony nodded quickly. “Yep.” He looked around again before looking directly at Steve.
“We originally hired Rogers here to do our legal work, but he picked up on using the device so well that he’s now a star player.” Fury grinned as he patted Steve on the shoulder.
As Steve relayed the details of Bucky’s move-in, Tony drowned his voice out. He thought maybe he should interject and ask Steve to move in with him, but he didn’t want to look desperate. Besides, they just started seeing each other and would Steve even want to move in with him? Yet, he knew thinking about Steve and Bucky living together would only make him miserable. Just hearing about it was already twisting his heart apart.
Tony shifted his body as he rubbed the arm Steve was using to stroke him. “Yeah?”
Steve had called Tony that morning to see if he was free to grab coffee. And of course, Tony was both elated yet confused by the call. Dinner the night before had been really nice, so nice that it was easy to forget that he and Steve were no longer dating.
They gathered around each other with Steve and Tony standing close to one another to the right of everyone else. The photographer looked beyond his camera before motioning with one hand at the group.
“Really? Um, okay! Great, thanks.” He nearly tripped over himself.
Tony wasn’t sure how to proceed. Should he continue? But before he could dwell on it any longer, his mouth had other plans as he began rambling.
Sure, he had a habit of dropping the ball repeatedly when it came to relationships, and it was true that he had trouble when it came to commitment. He had believed, or at least told himself, that after his wild twenties and thirties he was finally becoming serious. Or maybe that was the point? Maybe his lack of self-awareness of how he was hurting Pepper was the reason why she finally called it quits. He did care for her, but Tony would have never stayed with someone like that if he were treated the same way.
Steve sat up straight as he looked determinedly off into the distance before squeezing the handle clutch. He told himself to go with the flow.
Both Rhodey and Pepper nodded in agreement, recognizing that Tony was doing his best not to raise further alarm regarding the situation. As the conversation switched to another topic, Tony scanned the room with his eyes, trying to find Steve again. He smiled as he spotted Steve talking with a board member; Tony was completely transfixed by his infectious personality.
Tony wasn’t sure if he should take that as a compliment, although he knew his friend was trying to assuage his worries about possibly wrecking Project Synergy before going out into the field.
Tony laughed. “I’m not the one we should be worried about.” It started out lighthearted but ended on a sour note as Tony thought about what Obadiah was capable of in possibly sabotaging Project Synergy.
Steve nodded; he hesitated before walking any further beyond the threshold of the balcony.
personal items behind my back.”
Looking quite surprised, Dr. Selvig swallowed before looking downward at his tablet. He shuffled around a bit before looking directly at Natasha.
“He’s getting the mask of shame. He keeps it in his bedroom.” Tony explained.
“Explode?” Thanos had held up a hand to silence the scientist, “yes, it is
UNKNOWN SENDER
“So, do you, by the way.”
Tony laughed before easing Steve onto his side as he removed his finger. He rubbed Steve’s chest, unzipping his own pants, before leaning forward, rubbing Steve’s now exposed cock a few times before using his mouth, taking his time feeling Steve with his tongue.
Fury walked up to Steve to pat him gently on the arm before shaking his hand. “It’s good to see you up and about, Rogers.”
That entire week, Steve had spent most of his waking hours trying to figure out how best to approach Tony, yet he was feeling anxious and overwhelmed; he thought Tony would have cooled down by now to at least work in the lab with him, but he hadn’t heard one word from Tony since Monday.
“See ya in a bit.” He said with a smile before walking down the hallway.
Tony made a face at Steve as he crossed his legs, perhaps reacting to how formal Steve was being. He looked away before looking back at Steve.
Already feeling tipsy from his few drinks, Tony wobbled into the office, slumping down hard into his desk chair. He placed the bottle and the glass on the top of the desk before staring at the drawer that contained his dad’s diary.
Tony, shocked by his reaction, tried to hug the pillow underneath his head as his body overacted to being with Steve.
He winced as he rose from the bed, trying to stretch out his aches and pains before limping out of Peter’s room. He followed the sound of laughter to the kitchen to find Peter and Tony eating breakfast at the island.
“I’m aware, Nebula. However, whatever caution you exude often gets trampled by your penchant for anger.” Gamora scoffed at her sister.
“Hey, Peter.” Steve gave Peter a tight hug.
He stopped moving as he held onto Tony who was still pushing downward into his body. Tony kissed Steve on the neck before letting out one more gasp, coming not too far behind Steve.
Bucky laughed quietly as he pointed back toward the kitchen. “Why are you spending a
Tony smiled. “Ned and
Steve looked over at the clock on his bedside table to check the time before settling back down into the bed, now watching Tony sleep soundly. Steve grimaced as he began mulling over last night again.
They walked through the foyer before finding the living space and the kitchen. They then found the dining room which was connected to the kitchen, leading out onto a balcony.
Thor and Steve were sitting in Thor’s car on the other side of a street lined with rowhouses. Thor pointed to the building at the corner. Steve squinted as he looked out the passenger-side window: the building and the entire street did not look how he had pictured Loki’s favorite hang-out spot to be.
“I…uh…I think I sort of remember what happened…” Tony sat back, wincing, “and...that…stupid chip…”
Steve shook his head, still trying to understand what Tony was asking him. “Of course not, Tony. Isn’t that…physically impossible?”
Sharon smiled at him as he watched her leave the table before leaving the coffee shop.
Rhodey leaned forward. “Tone, I don’t know if you remember this, but remember when you thought you had moved too fast with Steve after you made out after that party at Thor’s?”
Tony rested his hands on his hips. “Well, Steve has his own life and sometimes he’s doing that instead.”
“Okay,” Tony pushed the driver’s seat door open in a huff, “let’s get this the fuck over with.” He muttered as he walked to the back of the car to retrieve their overnight bags from the backseat.
“I’m fuzzy on the details…I’ve only been given some information…I was only contacted to persuade Selvig…they wanted to use him to build some sort of super weapon…” Loki gasped as soon as Tony let go of him.
“Hi, everyone.” Steve responded meekly as the applause eventually dissipated.
Tony remained calm before responding. “We’re putting the device on lock until we can keep the team safe.”
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. “Get him out of here, please.”
Tony smiled as best as he good, laughing quietly. “Thanks…Rogers…thank you for that…everyone else is okay?”
“I think this is the most appropriate move…”
“Uh, so, let me get this straight, time traveling is out then?” Tony responded, shrugging.
Steve’s answer elicited the most uproarious laughter from Bucky. His laughter was so intense that his body shook their table.
Tony looked up at Steve slightly before turning away somewhat. He gathered himself before pointing aimlessly at a console in the middle of their space.
“Uh, yeah. We had it had Chez Elle.” He answered, visibly confused by the question.
Tony slowly nodded as he tried to smile back at Steve. “I’m fine. It’s just the board thing.” He half admitted.
Relatively speaking, the party had been tame up to that point until Thor began passing out glasses of his homemade concoction he called Jörmungandr. Everyone, except Steve, drank a glass or two (or three) of it. Whatever it was, however, had been more potent than what had been at the bar and it definitely showed.
“Maybe I’ll eat lunch with you two when you get back.” Tony offered, trying to sound as calm as possible.
Steve nodded wordlessly again as he swallowed a lump in his throat. He thought about the way Tony had been with him in the car, feeling him and taking his time. He appreciated that Tony was so patient with him, which eased him even more as he looked back at Tony, giving him a kiss before climbing on top of him.
Thanos chuckled as he listened to his daughters squabble. Eventually, he waved a hand to get the two to cease before turning toward Obadiah. Obadiah frowned before shooting Thanos a grin.
Tony expressed confusion before answering. “I thought the three of you were moving in together?”
Steve grinned before letting go of Tony to accept the can. “Lime? I don’t get to choose?”
As Steve walked through the lobby of his suite’s building, he thought about the conversation he had with Bruce about Tony after the first failed simulation run-through with the Synergy device. During their conversation, Bruce hadn’t mentioned anything specific to him, but Steve did remember that Bruce had tried to explain that Tony had been dealing with a lot and Steve just needed to be patient with him.
“…fuck, Steve…” He repeated as he felt a warm slick feeling between their stomachs. He pressed up against Steve who was a still grinding downward into his body. They held onto each other for a moment longer before Steve slid off Tony to lie down next to him. Both panted for a while, trying to catch their breath.
. What do you think we’ve been doing this whole time?”
Steve had been listening, nodding back slowly as he let Tony finish.
“Sir, your readings show that you are injured. Do you need medical attention?”
Besides Steve had sensed the same change in Tony’s demeanor when he talked about his son that resembled his discomfort whenever Howard Stark was mentioned. Steve put the pieces together and figured that Tony’s father must have been a major source of stress for him and that he was possibly struggling himself with parenting.
He turned around to look at Tony who looked conflicted. “…but do you remember the night you first…spent the night over at…my place…?”
Steve only responded with another nod as he placed his head into his hands to rest on top of the table.
“Well, team. This is just a minor set—”
of May, Mr. Stark is recorded saying that the trip to Malibu will begin promptly at 8:00am on the 15
Tony exhaled with anguish, slapping his hands to his face, dragging them down slowly in the most dramatic fashion.
Steve made a face once he connected the dots. He ran a hand through his hair as he laughed nervously.
Obadiah shook his head as he wiped his mouth off with a napkin. "She sent me an email that she'll be here in a few minutes or so. Stuck in a meeting, I suppose."
“He can stay with me!” Peter answered enthusiastically.
“Oh, and…uh…thank you for your service.” He heard Bruce offer awkwardly. In the past, it had bothered Steve whenever he was out and about in his uniform or told someone about his service and they responded with the same phrase. After a while, he realized people were trying to be nice or genuinely appreciative, so Steve just nodded and smiled whenever it was uttered.
How in the world was he going to tell Tony that everyone thought they were sleeping together? Well, Steve had jumped to the conclusion that that was the case. If Obadiah and Sam had believed so then there was a good chance everyone else they knew thought so too. The thought ate away at Steve; people would automatically assume the only thing he and an older Tony Stark would have in common was that they were having sex.
Tony sighed deeply; maybe he should come clean about his feelings for Steve.
Steve nodded slowly. “So…you’ll be gone for a couple months then?”
Thanos stopped walking to turn around slowly to face Obadiah. “That
Steve swung his legs out from the bed. He leaned forward to retrieve his shoes before straightening up to exit the bedroom, but before he could, Tony stuck out an arm to stop him.
“Wasn’t expecting that—well, actually, getting to know you more and your taste,” he grinned, “I
He walked ahead of Tony and Steve, pointing to the specs. “How did you create this? The medical research lab at Columbia said they were more than a year away from finding a cure…”
He then pulled a slender device out of the breast pocket of his jacket, “but it only messes with your biological makeup incrementally to make some of your more distinct facial features a
“Sam? Are you serious? Tony? And me? Sleeping together?” Steve pointed to himself before uncrossing his arms. He huffed a little as he pushed himself away from the counter before settling again.
“You wanna get out of here?” Steve quietly asked after pulling away again to look downward at Tony again.
“Well, I’m glad it was fine.” Tony could tell that Pepper had noticed he was trying to play cool but was grateful she didn’t tease him about it.
Steve sighed. “‘A science fair project that will end all science fair projects’?” He quoted.
Fury tapped once on his tablet. “Commence simulation.”
Tony sighed to himself, tossing a manila envelope to one side of his desk.
“When I built this resort…” T’Challa began as everyone was out of the cars and following him to the building, “I brought my personal architect with me. I had to import most of the construction materials, but it was important for me that this place reflected Wakanda. I prefer doing business that way!”
Steve looked at Tony; to Tony, Steve looked unsure.
Tony groaned as soon as he remembered the drunk kiss he had shared with Steve that night. “Okay, yeah?”
Loki let out a curt laugh as he took his time looking back at Thor. Thor was looking at him with a sincere expression again that made him roll his eyes but he couldn’t help being somewhat moved by his brother’s persistence, probably a remnant from their childhood before he found out that he was adopted.
“I just want to make something easy so I’m not standing for too long.”
“Like I said, I don’t want to get into the middle of it, but I wouldn’t worry about Bucky.” Sam smirked before clapping his hand on the back of Tony’s back. He then walked over to where Steve and Bucky were standing. Tony looked over and saw that Steve had quickly glanced over to smile at him while he was in a conversation with one of his classmates.
“Hold on, Tony! Wait for the paramedics!”
“Hey, hey. I’m not talking about
“Wait a minute, wait a minute…” Clint interrupted, appearing to add something profound to the conversation, “what about Shuri’s wedding?”
He handed the student the card with the notebook. The student looked like she had just been entrusted with the holy grail.
“I completely understand where you’re coming from…and I’m really sorry about that…” Tony breathed deeply, “…but I can’t do this without you, Steve…”
Hours later and both Tony and Steve had finally arrived at some ridiculously oversized mansion not too far away from the beach shore.
“No, he hasn’t apologized yet.”
“You know,” Tony could hear Steve begin, “despite how shady everything was, at least you managed to get some info—”
Steve stayed on the sidewalk as he watched Happy pull away, continuing to watch the car drive down the street. As he lingered, Steve began to feel the way he felt the first time he realized he was attracted to Tony. Something about it kept the smile on Steve’s face as he took his time walking back into the building, thinking about Synergy and Tony.
He turned once more onto his back, thinking about everything before remembering that Steve had told him he could call him if he needed anything. Tony knew Steve was most likely referring to Synergy, but it felt like after spending more time together again, Steve was also offering in terms of rebuilding their relationship.
Steve looked unamused. “Don’t say that, Tony,” he began to fiddle with the unused cutlery next to his plate, “…I understand what you mean about feeling alone.”
“Steve!” Tony shouted.
Tony sighed loudly as he wiped his eyes from laughing too hard. “Rogers, you need to lighten up.”
“…uh…” He tried, shrugging.
Peter groaned. “Why didn't you say that when Steve was in the car?”
Tony watched him before jogging in the opposite direction to catch up with Shuri and Bruce.
“Did Selvig send you these sequences?” Loki asked quietly as he pointed to a projection above the console which displayed the mysterious set of numbers. Clint walked up to the console to wedge himself in between it and Loki. Loki scoffed, clearly offended, as he turned around to face the rest of the group.
Tony smiled back shyly, but then chuckled at the way Steve used the word “technology”. He thought about Peter meeting Steve but wondered how to go about doing it without making it a huge deal. Also, would Steve even want to meet Peter? He was probably just being nice asking about him from time to time. Tony ordered himself not to over think the possibility or lack thereof until he finally figured out Steve’s intentions.
“Oh, and…” Tony snapped back to attention, “let’s try not to blow ourselves up or get arrested before Shuri’s epic wedding, okay?”
Pepper shrugged. “So? I was also there, and I didn’t see anything.”
The group then sat down before answering a slew of questions.
Steve laughed as he tapped the tablet a few times to look through Bruce’s notes. “Well I appreciate that, too.” He turned slightly before addressing Bruce again.
Steve sat down in the chair next to Tony before kissing him on the cheek. Tony tried to kiss him back, but he was too weirded out about Mr. Beck’s demeanor.
Indeed, Steve and Tony did look awkward in the photograph: Tony had placed his hand on Steve’s shoulder while they were speaking to each other, but if you looked at the photograph now (and probably back then) you could tell that there was something else between the two one wouldn’t be able to explain until now.
Sam drank out of his mug before he answered. “Did you want to? Because you look upset.”
Tony appreciated the gesture, not really caring or realizing that such a move might appear more intimate than they usually let on. Tony was too distressed that his team members were now in danger because of this damn Synergy project.
Tony laughed. “Seriously, though…I love you, and I’ll be back, okay?” Tony caressed Steve’s face with his thumbs, before leaning in for another kiss, “you can’t get rid of me that easy.”
Tony grinned. “Well, that sounds great.”
Tony’s eyes widened. “Fuck me.” He gasped before attacking Steve’s lips with his own.
Tony laughed nervously. “Really? I mean, that’s great. That’s really…great…” He continued to smile at Steve as he backed away slowly before turning around to walk to the Synergy device.
Someone, near Tony and Steve, was whispering loudly to the person next to them. However, without missing a beat, Steve whisked himself and Tony away from the chatty couple, obscuring the bystanders’ view.
Steve nodded. Tony thought maybe he looked relieved, but then again, he told himself to cool it.
…Tony sighed in his head as he rested his hands on his hips, hanging his head low. He felt an urge to run over to Steve to hug him, but he fought against it.
Instantly, Tony felt horrible inside; it never occurred to him that Steve would even care about meeting Peter, but of course he wanted to. Tony had been too wrapped up in his own shit to really assess whether Steve would even want to meet Peter.
But before Steve could finish his question, Sam broke out in a fit of laughter, slapping a hand on the table.
It wasn’t until about a month ago that Steve realized that he had gone a whole week without thinking about Synergy or Tony Stark. Yet, when the memories resurfaced on occasion, Steve had trouble processing the outcome, though he pressed on in order to get through his days.
Tony shook his head as he slumped downward to sit on the edge of the bed; he continued breathing heavily. Steve could hear him counting to himself, but he waited; he wasn’t sure if he should try to touch Tony or just reason with him at a distance.
Steve shook his head to regain his resolve; he had seen the helicopter before, but this time they weren’t on a tour. They were on their way to put the Synergy device into practical use.
“Ha, well. It could have been worse, like you said.” Steve answered wearily though he was also smiling.
Steve nodded but before he could add anything Tony looked up at him with a coy grin.
Tony smiled at Steve’s text message before chugging the rest of his coffee. He shoved his phone into his pocket before throwing some things into his work bag, rushing out of his home office to get the elevator.
He didn’t know how much longer he could take; the sensation was more than he could handle as he felt himself coming to the brink.
Clint stepped forward. “Let’s put the squeeze on Selvig for more info. He has to know more.”
“J.A.R.V.I.S., where’s Peter?” But before he let the computer locate the nine-year old, Tony jumped out of the bed and ran to Peter’s room. Once he reached the bedroom, he nudged open the door to peer inside. Peter was soundly asleep.
Thanos paused the recording, still laughing to himself.
Steve nodded as he felt Tony rub his body a bit longer before trying again. Feeling Tony inside of him like this was more than Steve had ever experienced. He told himself to relax as Tony stayed put, rubbing his ass and spreading him further apart, whispering how much he cared about him and how beautiful he thought he was.
Tony nodded as he kept his back facing Steve, finding two clean glasses before pouring water into them. He closed his eyes tightly, counting to three. He then turned around to walk the glasses over to Steve, holding out a glass for Steve who accepted it with a half-smile.
Tony laughed. “I think you’re right about taking a break from the whole relationship thing, but sex with you is
“Thanks…” Steve finally responded.
Bucky huffed loudly, but Steve ignored him as he took his time looking around the lounge before spotting Tony talking with Rhodey. He motioned for Bucky to follow him who went along reluctantly. As soon as Steve reached Tony, he noticed immediately that something was off; Tony appeared despondent.
Obadiah grimaced, although he was still confused by Thanos’s tone. “Fine…” All he wanted was to sell Synergy, but he couldn’t do it without Thanos and his team of scientists.
“I don’t know, anything, please.” Tony groaned back as he rested forward with his elbows on the control board.
“Obie, I swear to God,” Tony inched himself further into Obadiah’s personal space as he felt himself losing his patience, “if I find out you had
Steve inhaled deeply as he thought about his mother; it hurt thinking about her.
“Of course! I’ll see you at 6:30.”
“Right away, Mr. Parker.” J.A.R.V.I.S. repeated.
you’ll be the first to find out.” Tony answered with a slight edge in his voice. He knew that some of Stark Industries’ employees were actually minions for Obadiah. If Obadiah discovered anything before Tony announced it, it was probably because of one of them.
Strange exited the car, and Steve and Tony followed him to enter the park. “If we don’t do something soon, I’m afraid it’ll get even worse. Who knows how many others have contracted this virus and are unaware.”
Tony sighed as he rolled his eyes. He patted Bruce’s hand on his shoulder. “Banner, chill, okay? I’m fine. It’s probably heart burn or a panic attack or something.” He waved his friend off before walking back to his console to retrieve his tablet, but he could feel Bruce staring him down.
“You guys suck.” Steve tried to counter, but Sam and Bucky were doubled over one another laughing so loudly it nearly disturbed the other patrons.
“Obie. How may I help you?” He motioned half-heartedly for Obadiah to take a seat in front of his desk.
“I…I think I’ll just go back to my office then…” He pointed behind himself, turning slightly so that Bruce couldn’t see how emotional his expression was becoming.
“Hey, at least MJ will know your name, now.” Ned joked.
“…no one can tell me that I’m doing wrong today, whenever I see your smiling face my way…” Tony turned to wink at Steve again who was now facing him, smiling and clapping.
durable.”
“Yep, that’s perfect!” The photographer shouted back, wholly unaware of Steve and Tony’s relationship woes, “okay, now everybody say: congratulations, Sam and Shuri!”
Tony looked at Steve as if he were confronting a scared animal, taking his time stepping out the shower before reaching for a towel.
Steve laughed as he joined Tony at the console. “I think they’re great. I’m ready to test them out in the field.” Tony felt Steve place a hand on his shoulder.
Sam nodded before turning around with a drink. “Great presentation, Tony. And this space really worked well with the faces.”
Steve shook his head, but he smiled. "It's okay, Tony."
“Hi, Bruce.” Steve stayed near the entrance of the space as Bruce turned around from a console.
“Okay…please don’t get upset…” He inhaled sharply before dragging out an exhale.
“Steve, you can do whatever the
He ran down the corridor, shoving people away as he tried to get through the mangled mess that was the remnant of his lab. He jumped over fallen glass panels of the façade, seeing Steve lying in the middle of the lab unconscious.
Tony pointed to Natasha. “Romanov, why don’t you hang out with Thor and Banner until you get your lab mate back.”
“I need some advice.” Tony immediately asked as soon as they were alone, his voice lowering. He didn’t need to soften his voice, but he was paranoid that someone might be hanging around outside the room.
“Of course, Tony.” Steve began with a widening smile, “I would love to come with you.”
As Tony entered the conference room, he found Obadiah alone, eating his lunch at the table.
“So, we’re going to use this to power the Synergy thing?” Clint had risen from his chair, leaning so much over the table that his head almost penetrated the image of the vibranium.
Tony watched Steve shuffle around, setting up his work area like he had his first day on the team. Tony continued to watch, debating whether he should be straight forward with Steve or just stick to his original plan.
“Rogers, stop.” Tony held up a hand to interrupt Steve, “you’re a real piece of work, you know that right?” He angrily dried himself off before marching out of the bathroom.
He forced himself to dwell on the positives in order to get through work before going out to Queens to meet with the team again.
Fury stared Tony down as if silently telling him he had no idea what he was talking about. “How can our legal person do his work if he’s unaware of the specifics? Besides, the point of this venture is to collaborate with others, Stark. Now, I know you don’t usually like working with other people but think of this as a mentoring opportunity.”
Underneath the Christmas paper was a framed photograph of the two of them on Project Synergy’s orientation day.
Thor laughed heartedly. Tony looked over at Steve who was smiling, seemingly fine at the mentioning of the party.
. Come on.” Tony paused for a second as he motioned for the band he hired for Steve’s party to set themselves up behind him.
Steve listened to Tony ramble on about the suits as he smiled to himself. The past week, he felt himself becoming more comfortable being with Tony which meant he found himself becoming more comfortable with Tony’s sense of humor, especially when it verged on the sexual side.
“Hey, so I thought before the party tonight, maybe we could get dinner? Just the two of us?” Steve asked with a shrug.
“Okay, I’ll see you later.” Steve answered.
“You have one
“The blue wires, Tony!” Peter shouted.
“Boxer briefs or shorts? There’s a difference and the difference
Steve stayed still. “Tony, but—”
“Okay, I’ll have Romanov take us back over to the island.”
Tony turned to face Steve more directly. “Why don’t you relax a bit?” He reached out to rub Steve’s arm.
“Just get everyone about hundred feet away…but I would say ten to twelve minutes.”
As he approached the front door, Steve considered riding his motorcycle to work. Maybe, he began to wonder, he could suggest a joy ride with Tony around the city for a bit after work—
Tony sighed once more, looking downward and away before looking up at Steve. “Just…just be honest with me…please…”
“Stane,” Fury motioned with one hand toward Obadiah, “there’s no need for any of that, okay? We’re all on the same team.” He curtly added, now pointing defiantly at Obadiah who only crossed his arms.
Tony stared at her as she approached, not entirely sure if she knew about what had happened between him and Steve.
Loki rolled his eyes with a shrug. “He said he used to work here when your dad was in charge?”
“…do you really think that’s necessary, Tony?” Steve looked horrified, hesitating before accepting the device as Tony handed it to him.
a secret.”
A few minutes passed as Tony shook his head, now looking away from Steve, trying to figure out how to say what he wanted to say.
“Captain Rogers.” Peter addressed Steve as sternly as possible which caused Tony to chuckle.
Tony waited for the call to end before launching himself out of the bed to quickly find some clothes. He jogged into the kitchen to search for his keys before tripping over himself to put his shoes on as he jogged to the elevator.
“Are you sure about that?” Tony ultimately questioned.
Steve joined him on the edge as he placed a hand on his shoulder. “Tony, you really didn’t have to. The party was more than enough. And I got to hear you sing.”
Instead of responding, Steve continued to stare down at Tony. Tony shuffled around underneath him, trying to get comfortable, hoping Steve would just take the answer he had given.
“Rogers.”
Tony groaned, but he kept his eyes on his tablet. “What, Banner? I can see you staring at me.”
Tony groaned as felt Steve from behind. He braced himself against the countertop as he let Steve give him a hug.
He turned around to see Sam standing at the top of the steps to Low Library, waving at him before turning to talk to someone. Tony walked up the stairs to join the pair.
Tony watched Bucky slowly open the door; he took his time placing a tablet down on the table next to him. Bucky stopped short from entering the room, shoving his hands into his pockets as he finally stepped in.
“Oh my fucking god, Steve…” Tony gasped. He reached out to hold onto Steve who leaned forward to hug him.
Steve nodded again as he tried to unclench his muscles. As he felt Tony continue to rub his body, he reminded himself of how patient Tony had always been with him which eased Steve even more. He then felt the tip of Tony’s finger rub him before entering slowly.
Tony silently chuckled to himself.
Steve shook his head. “Just because Synergy is at a standstill doesn’t mean that the team needs to split up. We can only learn from this and create something better.”
“How about this. Since it’s a Friday, if you stump me, I’ll let you stay up an extra
“I…uh…really enjoy spending time with her…but…I’m just taking my time, you know?…it’s important for me to feel close enough to really be vulnerable...I’m just making sure I’ll get there eventually…” Steve looked downward before leaning back in his chair.
“Tony, stay close to me please. I don’t like this…” Steve put his hands into his pockets.
Steve sighed as he shook his head. “No…well…it’s just…it’s…” He tried to get the words out, but everything about the situation with Tony and Synergy was strangling his thought process.
“…but I’ll touch you after you get use to me…” Tony whispered into Steve’s ear. Steve moaned just from the feeling of Tony rubbing his hips and the tone in his voice.
He turned around with the glass and the bottle, sitting back down at the island. He tried to focus on relaxing but his mind drifted back to his dad’s diary. He poured another drink before rising from his stool, carrying the bottle and the glass to his office.
Steve motioned toward the board member to introduce Bucky. “This is James Barnes.”
Tony exhaled with relief. “Great.”
“How’s it looking, Banner?” Tony asked as he joined Bruce.
“Uh…?”
Tony stared, coughing a few times before motioning for Steve to follow him.
“Stark Industries won’t survive under Tony Stark without me. He thinks he has his life under control, but there are ways to manipulate him. We just have to wait.” Obadiah crossed his arms.
Tony stared at Steve before shaking his head quickly. “Uh, no. But thank you, Rogers. That’s too much to ask for.”
Tony shuffled uncomfortably back and forth on his feet. “Ty.” He answered quietly, inching further away from the group he was originally engaged with.
Tony spun around to face Steve while in the process of remembering all the little details about that night. Tony had only brought up that night because he had talked about his relationship with his father with Steve.
Steve stopped what he was doing. “What trip?
cute.” Tony responded as he finally settled.
“I just came to see how Steve is…” He answered quietly.
“Already? Isn’t a little early?”
But before Steve could really dwell on his missteps with trying to flirt like everyone else, Tony’s voice interrupted his mental torture.
The guard nodded, motioning for another guard to come over to the desk. “Can you take this package up to Mr. Stane’s office right away, please?” He said to the second guard.
“Look, Tony, last night was a mistake, we’ll never do that again, okay? I really just want to be friends with you—”
Tony tried to keep his expression pleasant, but the guilt of having Rhodey stay so late with Peter and his failure from trying to figure out Steve made his face fall back into agony. He could tell it had so from the way Steve was now expressing concern.
Tony stared at Steve as if he had sprouted a third eye, but he remained quiet. Steve could tell that he was already offended by his reasoning.
“Morning.” Tony answered back, rocking his hips forward, lingering before titling his head upward to press his lips against Steve’s, placing both hands on his hips, now controlling the movement of Steve’s rocking motion. Steve kissed Tony back, moaning slightly as he let Tony grip his body tighter.
Natasha shrugged as she crossed her arms. “Barton only said that he might have seen another person in the lab next door. I’ll follow up on it after we clean the footage.”
"Please don't tell me this is some homophobic bullshit or something about our age differences, which, I may emphasize, you can't really tell when you look at the two of us separately."
Tony turned slowly to stare at Steve. “Uh, yeah…” he began, his expression was blank before he smiled back, “I think that’s a great idea, Rogers.”
Peter nodded. “I feel like we’re a shoo-in for 1
“Everyone, we have a special guest today,” the staffer started, motioning for Tony to join him at the mic, “I think you’ll all appreciate what an unexpected treat this will be.” He then started clapping as Tony waved at everyone as he stepped up to the microphone. Murmuring radiated from the crowd before it erupted into applause as soon as the conference attendees realized they were about to hear from Tony Stark.
“…Mr. Stane? Your package is here…” The guard looked back up at the carrier who looked wholly unbothered by the entire situation, “…yep…okay…I’ll send him up with a guard…”
Rhodey shook his head. “Tony. I don’t think you messed up. Based on your updates, I’ve been impressed actually with how well your relationship with Steve seems to be progressing—”
“Listen, Rogers. If you can’t do it, then get out of the way.” Steve felt Tony crouch down near him, but he didn’t move.
“Steve, stop. I’m sorry, but please stop.” Tony shook his head as he turned around to walk to the front door.
“It’s a little awkward trying to see someone when you have a kid to worry about…”
did you think I was going to expect?” He repeated sternly.
Peter beamed as it became clear that Steve was genuinely interested. “Okay!”
Steve looked surprised by the offer. “Tony, you don’t have to do that…”
The security guard nodded quickly. “Of course, Mr. Stane!”
Hey, Tony,” Shuri appeared in the space, “hey, Bruce.”
His raised voice hushed the room instantaneously.
His will power was at its absolute limit; there was no way Steve would be able to keep a straight face while thinking that everyone assumed he was sleeping with Tony.
Tony laughed as he joined Steve on the bed again, reaching over carefully to kiss him, and not long after, there was a soft knock on the bedroom door.
Steve thought to himself. He also took note of Tony’s absence.
Steve’s expression changed quickly as he smiled back at Tony which prompted Tony to return the expression, albeit timidly and through waves of pain.
“Tony,” Bruce started, “we need to be careful. The energy from Thanos’s weapon can trip the device’s reactionary blast, which will then cause it to self-destruct.”
Steve chuckled as he crossed his arms. “Sam’s also been bragging about it, so you’re not alone.”
masquerading as spy husbands, Rogers. I’m talking about the
Tony sighed again, taking another moment to calm down. “Peter, you’re not supposed to be standing on the stools, remember? You could hurt yourself. Please don’t do that again, okay?”
got this.” Steve turned to look at Tony who was still facing forward, but with his hand on his shoulder, waiting for the doctors to let them in.
Rhodey sighed before answering. “Fine, Tony. Just do what you need to do to keep everyone safe and the project running. Although, and it pains me to say this, I have no doubt you will.”
“Also, there’s enough here for Tony to join us…that’s if he doesn’t need to leave so soon!” The tone in Sam’s voice must had made Steve blush the reddest color because Tony started laughing hysterically.
Steve breathed heavily as he pushed downward harder into Tony. Tony fought the urge to touch himself; he wanted to come by just grinding against Steve while holding him. Steve pulled on Tony’s neck as he inhaled then exhaled. Tony felt his body shake; he knew Steve was close, but he didn’t want to rush him.
“Hey guys.” Steve started as he approached Sam and Bucky who were leaning against a small high table, “I’m taking off.”
be effective. Fury wouldn’t have been okay with you joining the program of you weren’t.” Tony winked at Steve before spinning around to walk over to another series of consoles. Steve stayed put as he watched Tony rapidly tap a few times on a screen.
Tony couldn’t even answer Steve with a nod; he was too upset with the entire situation. He choked down a few sobs as he watched Steve reel from rejection.
“Well thanks, Rogers.” He paused for a second as he walked to sit on the edge of the bed on Steve’s side.
“I am that obvious, aren’t I?” He finally admitted.
straightforward plan, but, of course, one can only hope to find good help these days…”
Subject: CONFIDENTIAL
Tony nodded as he readjusted his stance. “I’m so sorry, Steve…”
Tony stared at the closed door. He knew Rhodey was referring to their last conversation in which Tony had given Rhodey the full rundown on his first impressions of Steve Rogers. Was he that obvious? He must have been if Rhodey had felt the need to show him support, or a sly warning of sorts?
“Fuck.” Tony let out.
Tony shuffled a bit in his chair. He cleared his throat. “He’s doing great. He asks about you from time to time.” He steadied himself before taking a sip of water. Pepper nodded as she delicately placed her cloth napkin on top her lap.
Tony nodded again, uncrossing his arms as he walked over to his desk. He knew he shouldn’t have left Steve at the resort reeling from rejection, but he needed the space to think, this time being more assured about what he wanted from Steve.
“I had a really nice time tonight, Tony.” He offered faintly.
The two fell silent before Sam continued. “So…is Tony seeing anyone?”
“J.A.R.V.I.S., you’re such a cockblock!” He quipped.
Tony looked back and forth at the two women before answering; he was surprised by their abruptness, however, he managed to remain cool.
Tony sneered at his friend as he let go of Steve. “Get that date yet, Banner?”
“How do you plug anything in here?” Tony sneered with a smile.
“How is it on your end?” Thanos asked quietly, never taking his eyes off the device.
Tony’s eyes grew wide from not only the sudden change in Steve’s tone but also his unexpected mentioning of Pepper.
“Uh, yeah, I suppose that’s correct.” Sam joked as he mimicked Tony’s cagy behavior by also glancing around awkwardly.
“But,” Gamora pushed herself away from the fireplace as she walked up to Obadiah, “I’m afraid your tenure with us has come to an end.” She then pointed her silencer to the middle of his forehead.
Steve swore again as he unexpectedly smacked Tony’s ass before pulling him down closer to his body as tight as possible.
“Hey, Cap!” Bucky popped out of the elevator, “T’Challa’s taking us out on his yacht!”
Tony laughed awkwardly. “I’m just messing with ya, Rogers.” He then tried to walk ahead of Steve who stopped him with an outstretched arm.
Steve shook his head before turning to exit the lab. He turned slightly to look back at his family. “Also, please don’t be late for dinner, again. Especially since we’re having company.”
“I don’t know, what say you, Chef Steve?” Tony snapped his fingers at Steve.
“Well, that’s a damn shame…” Tony tossed the tablet he was holding on top of the console which caused the projection to pixelate.
The comment caused everyone to laugh as Tony directed everyone to enjoy the rest of the party. Steve and Tony said goodnight to Peter before he left with May and they spend the rest of the night relaxing and talking with their friends.
"Of course, I'll see you in ten, sweetheart." Steve ended the call after Tony told him to drive safe.
“She misses him?” Steve parroted, ignoring Clint.
“Mama?”
Things had gone from bad to worse and then sort of good for a brief moment before going even worse than before, and Tony took each blow like a champ, or so he made everyone believe.
I'm not sure if Fluff Therapy even exist but I'm aware that people with mental illness such as anxiety, PTSD, OCD, conditions such as autism and situations such as rehab or reintegration to society (felons) are sometimes designated a therapy animal or companion, the most common being dogs. We are all aware of Tony's issues and condition so I too my approach through this.
Of course Barton, the big asshole, had taught Peter to call Tony mama. Sadly for the archer, his plan backfired because Tony didn’t mind being called that, after all how could be called such be a demeaning thing when he was raised by a great woman and had been around great women all his life? Peggy for example, so being compared to them was more of an honor than an embarrassment.
“Captain, it appears that Miss Peanut Butter misses Sir” Jarvis, always wise.
“You don’t want me to give him kisses now?” Tony spoke to her, smiling and leaning in to kiss her cheek “But I like kissing him” Tony joked and just for good measure he turned back to his husband to kiss him briefly, the little girl didn’t take longer than two seconds to protest and demand her own kiss, which Tony gave her right away.
