The letters end up being a glimpse inside Steve’s mind, and at times, into his soul.
And Steve would smile, huff a breath even as he let himself relax back against his pillow, eyes closed to feel the whisper of spectre’s hands across his skin. He deserved this. It was all about him.
“We should have tried harder. I should have tried harder, Tony. I know that. Maybe we should have talked to someone. A therapist? Sam’s said that could’ve helped, but I kept thinking about how you said you didn’t like therapists, that they don't work for you.” Steve exhales and closes his eyes. When he opens them, his breath has settled over Tony, hot with blame and Steve gives him a sad, resigned smile. “I would have tried therapy for you, if you’d let me.”
“What’s this about?” Steve’s voice is soft and soothing, cajoling even. He feels buttered up and it’s horrible.
“I’m not going to talk about this,” Steve says. “If you’re not going to help me, then just say so and I’ll go.”
“Of course, there’s something.” This is Steve Rogers, for Christ’s sake. There will
“Anything.” And there’s no doubt in his mind that Steve means that. He’ll always mean it, even after everything.
Tony gives him a sharp shake of his head and invites them inside to stay for lunch.
“No, Steve I can’t, please. Steve!”
“Yes.”
, he reminds himself.
“I’m yours, Steve. Fuck, come on, baby.”
FRIDAY had greeted him moments before with a moderate tone of resentment, and Steve assumed he deserved that much. Tony had every right to still be angry and FRIDAY, by extension, was entitled to her anger as well. The familiar reminder that,
It’s already taken him several hours and everything shy of shock therapy to remind himself that Steve has already thrown their marriage away. Tony could forgive him, maybe, for decimating him with the shield. Compared to everything else that feels almost like a lover’s spat.
“Very well. Sir prefers his wagon wheels boiled with melted butter and parmesan cheese sprinkled on top.”
“Tony, I love you.”
It’s a ridiculous fantasy, something reserved for children—one he had, in a different form, when he was a child himself—but he holds tight hoping that one day Steve might prove him wrong.
But he’d always work him over quickly with hand or mouth, or inside the warm heat of his body, bringing them both over the edge in a matter of seconds with a dark chuckle as he spewed lines of filth right into Steve’s ear.
“Okay, I think we all need to just—”
When he spares a glance up, Tony’s eyes are squeezed shut, and he looks destroyed, every little line of emotion written across his features. His dick is half-hard between his legs, wanting but weighed down with grief. It feels wrong to do this now, even when Tony shoves both hands into Steve’s hair and pulls him closer, roughly dragging his chin up.
Rhodey huffs a laugh. “No, but I can make you some breakfast and hang around for a bit if you want. We could watch the highlights from last night’s game?”
“Come on, baby, yes. Just like that.” Tony shoves back onto the two slick fingers Steve has crooking in and out of his ass, his left hand tight around his hip to keep him close, or slow him down, Steve isn’t quite sure.
“I’d like to try and explain, but it took me a while to figure it out. The first part isn’t so nice.”
Tony keeps his hands carefully curled on his knees, angles them away when Steve’s shifting movements have a wisp of his pant leg brushing against Tony’s. The last time he’d been this close to Steve, Tony’d fallen back to square one, a broken heart and a stomach full of bitterness, blackened around the edges with sorrow and grief.
He swings by the workshop one afternoon and gruffly offers an apology for ‘how things went down’, asking Tony if he might want to join him up on the roof sometime soon to run some drills. The moving targets in the gym just aren’t cutting it these days, Clint claims absently, before he’s out the door as quickly as he’d come.
Tony seals their mouths together, sucking Steve’s tongue into his mouth right before he flies apart, the orgasm ripping through him and stealing all the air from the room, let along his lungs. For a moment, he swears that he’s reached some higher plane of existence, that Steve has fucked him right into the fourth dimension.
Tony snorts, as dry and sarcastic as a snort can be. “Is that what we’re calling it? You want to know how many broken ribs you’ve got, Steve? Ask me. Go on, ask me how many.”
Steve
did that. Because Tony belongs to him. Tony’s
Tony was the beautiful one, scars and all, a map of his life literally printed across his skin and Steve would traverse the globe, kissing and tasting every plane and peak of his body until every inch of Tony belonged to him.
and Steve can’t breathe. His chest aches with it all and he wants to wrap them up in his arms and never let them go. Steve’s been so damned lonely, that even when he was with Peggy it hadn’t been quite right.
The elevator bell chimes and Steve half expects to see Phil, striding towards him in a pristine suit with laughter teasing at the corner of his eyes. The door opens but the elevator is empty. All of his dreams come with a pinprick of bittersweetness along the edges and Steve’s come to accept that not unlike his life, with immense joy comes red-rims of pain.
Before he can get another word out, Tony surges forward and kisses him, his mouth firm but pliant over Steve’s. Tonight, Tony’s kiss is awkward and uncertain. There’s a slight tremble to his hands, unsteady when he reaches up to frame Steve’s face and as one palm drifts down his neck, Steve can feel the way Tony’s breathing shudders and he leans further into the kiss.
Steve huffs a laugh, leaning heavily on the door frame as he tries to drink Tony in and commit him to memory. There’s something different about this Tony, something Steve can’t quite place.
Shame shot through his stomach, the acid turning over, bubbling up into his mouth to leave the back of his throat burning and raw.
“Tony?” Rhodey put a hand on his arm, stilling him because he was babbling. Of course he was babbling. Bucky made him nervous as hell, and as twitchy as downing eight cups of DUM-E’s misguided take on coffee.
Steve brushes a hand over his hair, and Tony leans into him. “Do you want to talk about it?”
There was absolutely no way that Steve could handle another Barnes-Barton prank war. If not for his sake, he wasn’t so sure that Tony’s heart could take it, either.
Doubt surfaces, without warning.
In the greater scheme of things, this is really the most fucked up thing that’s happened. Finally getting up the courage to open his damned mouth and he can’t even be sure Steve’s even really heard him.
There’s no doubt about it. This is the happiest day of his life.
The answer seems to surprise them both for a moment, and Pepper’s eyebrows creep up a few notches but she doesn’t challenge him. Instead, she gives him a firm nod, shifts until she’s far enough over the bed that she can press a kiss to his forehead, and runs her fingers briefly through his hair.
They’ve discussed this. All of the current Avengers are in agreement and Ross isn’t naïve enough to challenge the unified team, not now that he’s lost so much ground.
“Come anyways, we want you here.”
If Tony wants him like this, pointy bones, deafened hearing, asthma and all, Steve can wait. He’ll wait because the rampant arousal throbbing between his legs feels more important than anything else and Tony may be tougher now, but he isn’t cruel.
Steve leaned in closer, pressing his forehead against Tony’s, letting the angry puffs of breath wash over his face. “I had to, Tony. I couldn’t drag you down with me. You had the better chance.”
The tugging becomes more demanding and Tony would wave it away if he knew how.
Steve looks resigned and it doesn’t fit. It also doesn’t leave the familiar icy twist in Tony’s gut anymore so maybe it’s good enough. That’s what his life has been reduced to. A series of
The look Steve gave Tony was severe, cutting him off. That brought Bucky up short.
Tony kisses her cheek, letting his lips linger when Happy protests behind her—they’re too close, it’s not appropriate anymore—then steps past her and kisses him next, making him flush. Happy wraps Tony into a surprisingly thick, tight hug and holds on a beat too long.
“Avengers,” Tony says loudly, not that he needs to draw their attention. “Meet the kid. Peter Parker aka Underoos aka Spider-Boy. Spider-Kid, meet the team.”
Love is a stupid fucking curse.
Steve blinks.
After she’s gone, Tony picks up the letters and lets them run through his fingers, a river of paper that slides across the bed. They’re all out of order and he has no idea where to start. For a second, he remembers the first one, how much hope had interwoven into the initial dread, only to have it sliced away when the letter hadn’t revealed anything new. Well, maybe that wasn’t fair. Steve had tried with the first letter. And even a one percent change was still a change, right?
Steve makes all the right noises, soft little moans that zip through Tony’s cock and create layer after layer of heat in the pit of his belly. It would be so easy to spill in Steve’s mouth and call it a day.
It was only a matter of time, really.
“Oh, fuck. God, Tony, yes—”
“Not recently, but I gave it a try for a bit. I thought it was time I try and sort some stuff out.” When Steve opens his mouth and abruptly snaps it shut, Tony rolls his eyes. “I was trying to grow, Steve, don’t make a big deal of it.”
“I talked a lot about your big ego getting in the way of everything. Then Bucky snapped and said ‘have you ever tried to apologize half as hard to Stark? Damn it, Stevie, get your head outta your own ass. This is on you.’”
Bucky’s looking at him as if he’s crazy, and maybe Tony is crazy, because he can feel that he’s much too close but he’s not backing up.
“It’s not. I don’t know why I can’t do it. I’ve tried so many times.”
The lean lines of his torso ripple and flow under Tony’s hands, muscles trembling with exertion and barely restrained desire as he shifts restlessly. Steve pumps his hips at a steady pace, shifting up to meet Tony’s downstroke from where Tony undulates above him.
“Dr. Strange couldn’t tell us much about the threat, only that it’ll be here in a few weeks time and it will devastate the world, if we’re not ready. He has little information in terms of the size of the attack or the technology. We’ll need to be prepared for just about anything.” The sound of Captain America preparing for another rousing speech curdles the vodka in Tony’s stomach.
Tony’s in his arms, alive and alight with desire, his head hanging low with his wet mouth open, and it’s all Steve’s ever needed. He came so close to losing him, but Tony’s here, now, vibrant and willing in his arms.
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?”
Who is Tony kidding, he’s been a mess since he met Peter Parker, showing up at his apartment building when he had no right to do so, sporting a black eye and desperate for back up in the form of a sixteen-year-old kid with a penchant for danger?
Maybe his coding can’t understand the complexity of this fucked up situation either.
A hand comes up to clasp the back of his neck maybe to calm him or to keep him in place, he’s not sure, but it settles there as a steady, unsettling pressure.
The words feel like a goodbye, and Steve claws back the sob bubbling in his throat. Without warning he rolls Tony over, pressing him down into the mattress, covering Tony’s lips with his own to cut off the whispers.
The second mistake comes when Tony turns and presses his forehead against Steve’s temple. He lets himself breath Steve in, inhaling the rich, spicy smell of his shampoo and something that’s unmistakably
“Look at me,” Tony demands, his voice a low grow. He nips Steve’s lip again as Steve struggles to fuck himself back onto Tony’s cock, planting his feet on the mattress for leverage. “You’re perfect, Steve.”
In all reality, no one will see them. They’re too high up and it’s too late into the night. That’s not the point. Steve wants them to see him, whoever
They forgo any food and Peter chats idly with FRIDAY for a few minutes while Tony waffles in the Compound kitchen, the liquor bottles on the counter, and the beer chilling in the fridge a siren’s call. There’d been a time when the Compound had been almost dry, personal suites being one of the few exceptions, and Tony supposes that he can’t expect things to continue that way. Still, he wonders if Steve had even given a second thought to the bottles, knowing Tony would be coming this evening.
“Sam’s actually what I came to ask you about.”
He wants to let it all go. But he needs to be sure.
Now was about safety. Safety and trust and all the love that Steve had to offer his partner.
Tony laughs and takes his hand. “No, you’re definitely not, but you’re gonna love it anyway.”
as Steve continues his assault, sucking and licking long past Tony’s orgasm until he’s flinching away from the stimulation.
Tony’s breath is coming quicker, the round flesh of his ass perfectly filling Steve’s palms as he urges Tony closer. Little shivers of pleasure race under Tony’s skin until he’s a mess of desire, reaching down to get a hand around his cock. The wet tip rubs up against Steve’s belly every second or third thrust, and it makes his mouth water.
They tucked away into a small room, nothing more than a double wide cot, two pillows and a towering pile of wool blankets and Steve had helped Tony strip down from his flight suit. His beautiful, graceful hands where so white they were almost blue and Steve shoved them into the warm crevice between their bodies to hold him, creating a makeshift sauna of mutual body heat.
“Yes, Tony.”
Tony did and it stretched on forever.
Tony had met them in the middle, pointing out that perhaps Bucky didn’t need to be taken apart again. There was no reason to strip him down to the base and build him back from the ground up. He was just… this person now. The charming, innocent flirt from Brooklyn was gone, and years of the hardness of life as the Winter Soldier had left a mark.
?” Tony all but screeches, hopping up from the chair and crossing the room. He drops down at Peter’s side on the carpet, and tugs Bucky’s arm towards him for a closer look.
Groaning, Tony heaves over and rolls sideways off the bed, fishing around on the floor for his boxers and tugging them up over his hips. The rest of his clothes follow, and Steve lays there watching him, eyes cloudy.
“He did. Right before everything. I don’t even know if he knows that I heard him, I was half asleep. But he said it. So how do I even begin to make sense of the fact that he said he loved me, spent almost two years lying to me, damn well near killed me, picked Barnes over me–yeah, yeah, I know they’re not together, not the point–and gave me some bullshit about how I was
Later. They could sort this out later.
“He says the mission has been compromised, and you are to report to the common living room immediately.”
“I didn’t even figure it out on my own, not really. It wasn’t long before you called that I actually started to see things differently. I watched how close Bucky and T’Challa got, after he came out of cryo and I was so bitter. How could two people with so much hurt and anger between them manage to set things aside, and my own–my…”
It was the perfect descriptor really, capturing the mixture of devastation and loss, rage and heartbreak that had lived inside him and spread like shrapnel for almost a year. There had been a time once, when he’d thought he was done with shrapnel.
Steve pauses, smile wistful and far away.
“So maybe I misjudged you.” Her voice is even and soft. Calculated, as always.
Just as streaks blurred across his vision and his sight narrowed into a tunnel that threatened to close, the suit breached the surface, rocketing into the air and flashing across the sky. Water drained from the suit as JARVIS activated the emergency released and Tony gulped in air, sputtering and gagging around the salty water as he vomited into the inside of the suit.
The lounger is practically a bed, shaped like a half-cracked egg with a canopy that keeps the sun off Tony’s skin. He wants one for the mansion. Tony hardly has to move off to one side for Steve to fit with ease onto the space beside him. Hell, there’s room for another super soldier or two, if Tony were ever so lucky.
Peter lands next to them, dropping down into a crouch and scrambling across the dirt until he can get an arm around them both. His eyes scan Tony’s face, look into Steve’s eyes. He chokes on a sob and collapses into Steve, too.
He’d taken Tony’s meager weight and let Tony rest against him. For just a moment, Steve had held him.
Steve gets it right another week later, after half a dozen heartfelt and weepy conversations, when Tony starts to panic. When Steve’s arms around him feel like a vice and Steve’s voice in his ear as he’s drifting off to sleep triggers layers upon layers of fear and resentment because that delicate space between wake and sleep can be a tempting siren, drawing him into old memories that leave his chest aching and his hand trembling.
Steve huffs, bracing himself on a forearm as Tony’s hand works its way between his legs again and palms his balls. “What do you want to hear, exactly?”
“That’s it,” Steve urges. “You gonna come for me, sweetheart?”
“Take her,” Pepper says, already shifting their daughter towards him. “Go on, she’s yours. This is what you’ve been waiting for.”
But he doesn’t. Steve gives a deliberate, measured nod, releasing the door and venturing one step closer. “I promise.”
After one of Tony’s unexpected and sporadic heats, Bucky had casually asked if Tony wasn’t the domestic type.
Tony tried to play it off, but when Steve unboxed the sketch that he had had framed for DUM-E, his eyes had gone soft and sweet, stirring up warmth in the pit of his stomach as the smell of freshly ground coffee beans wafted towards him.
Tony throws his hands up in front of him and lets them fall with a slap against his thighs. “I was just trying to be respectful!”
Tony glares at him. “No, I don’t want to talk to him.”
“Please!”
“I ain’t seen him do this before.” Bucky replied warily.
As a heart attack. And you’d better get with the program, because if you pull any of your dramatics and screw this up, I won’t look the other way so easily this time.” At least he has the nerve to threaten Tony to his face.
It doesn’t do any damage, not even a dent or a scratch on the design, and it certainly doesn’t hurt. But in a hot second, he’s back in Siberia, gasping for breath and bleeding onto cold cement.
Steve’s face is unreadable.
Steve blinks.
“The way I remember it,
yes, just like that.”
. He doesn’t acknowledge
had beaten the crap out of
“Welcome home.”
The line crackles and screeches and Tony’s desperately sealing the hole shut if it’ll just give him a chance to hear something, anything, on the other end of the line. It’s suddenly eerily quiet, save his own heaving gasps, but there’s nothing from Steve except static.
“I’m not happy, either.” Okay, that’s one way to interpret that. “I think about you all the time. You know I remember everything, right? Too clearly. So clearly, it’s not fair. I can’t imagine you’d have any idea how much I want to forget what your mouth tasted like the first time I kissed you, and the way you felt when you were sleeping on my chest during movie night.” Steve balls his hands into fists at his sides and his eyes flicker between Tony’s face and over his shoulder, as if he can’t bear to look at him and speak the words at the same time.
“Time to suit up, Avenger. Nat’s got a lead on Bucky.”
“It’s not your fault, Tony. It’s not.” Steve presses his lips into his ears and speaks in a low tone, so only Tony will hear him as the others start to gather around them.
It’s like being dragged across a cheese grater, every nerve ending raw and exposed.
Maybe it’s talking to Steve before bed–it must be, really–that leads him to dream about him.
“What even are wagon wheels?” Steve muttered, exasperatedly to himself, leaving the assassins to a heated debate over meatballs vs. tortellini vs. alfredo sauce.
Steve stumbles his way through his own vows, the fearless leader and motivational speaker in him left behind because Tony Stark is marrying Steve Rogers, and Steve Rogers never really had a way with words. When he finally finishes, he watches with wet eyes while Tony slides the vibranium wedding band onto his fingers and makes promises that sound simple on his lips: to love Steve, to cherish him, and to do things together, always.
“If there’s a chance, we have to try, Steve.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He wishes he’d had the mind to fuck Steve instead; hurt Steve the way Steve will never hurt him, even when he begs for it.
He never has any words for Peter. No matter how many times he runs the loop and Tony dies in his arms, Steve can’t ever bring himself to look Peter in the eye.
It’s not that he hasn’t been trying.
’ pop off his lower lip, tossing a casual smile at the waitress across the room with a quick gesture for their bill.
Steve kissed him exactly the way he remembered, all fumbling eagerness with a little too much teeth, pouring everything he’d ever felt into Bucky’s mouth. Steve inhaled him sharply, shuddering under his fingertips, and teased along his bottom lip with his tongue. Invading his mouth, Bucky licked and sucked and tried to draw out that delicious chocolate flavour he knew lingered below the surface somewhere.
Steve just looks at him, blue eyes hooded. “What if they’re the same person?”
“No,” Tony breaths into his mouth, petting a hand down Steve’s chest. “Not like last time.”
A shadow that should dissolve with the night, but Tony’s had to reinstate to the arc reactor, his heart not quite strong enough to withstand a biting curve of vibranium. Now there’s always just enough light to keep the shadow alive and well-fed.
“Oh? I hadn’t noticed.”
All his thoughts were chased away when Tony did something absolutely sinful with his tongue. From that point on there was absolutely no doubt in his mind that Tony would show him exactly just how good he could be.
Rhodey pushes a cup of coffee into his grasp and nudges him towards the kitchen table.
He would have never thought… had never
“Take your pants off, Steve.”
“I’ll accept either, apparently.” Bucky remarked, dazed.
Tony ignores him. Doesn’t bother to look up.
Steve kisses him again, claiming his mouth like he’d claimed him as his partner in front of everyone. He kisses Tony like if he licks deep enough into his mouth, they might learn how to share air, never having to part to take a breath.
“You think I picked him, over you, is that it?”
Slowly, they figure out how to make a life for themselves. When it’s clear the world no longer needs the Avengers, thrust into an unofficial exile, Steve hangs up his suit and shoves the shield into the back of an unused closet. The Iron Man suits, all but one, stand like funeral monuments in Tony’s workshop in the basement of the Compound.
Bucky was a dirty tease, stroking two metal fingers through the mess between his cheeks, spreading it, and him, until Tony was squirming. All the while, Steve’s hands were exploring them both, pinching at Tony’s nipples, stroking too light and too briefly over his cock. Diving deep into Bucky’s hair to push him down, down, down until he was between Tony’s spread legs.
Tony throws the multitool across the room, relishing the way it shatters into a splay of attachments across the tile.
Whatever is causing Tony pain,
There’s an uncertainty on Peter’s face that shakes him to the core and leaves him feeling cold all over. They’re fighting in front of the kid. The only reason Tony’s here, the only person who matters in this whole goddamn circus; Peter’s the only one who isn’t a clown and Tony is supposed to be here supporting him, building him up, giving him a boost if he falters.
Fucking into Tony like this left Steve lightheaded, everything in his awareness narrowing down to the way that Tony’s ass clenched around his cock and didn’t want to let him go.
“Yeah, I’ll be right there,” he bit out. Steve cleared his throat. He didn’t have much to say these days and his voice was mechanical and flat, rusted from disuse.
“JARVIS?” Steve asked, later that evening as a pot of water boiled, a half-dozen pasta sauce recipes open in front of him.
For a lot of reasons, that doesn’t actually make Tony feel any better. Picking sides is what got everyone into this mess and he doesn’t want that. Not really. If anything, he just wants everyone not to be so against
One day Steve might be the better man Tony’s been waiting for since Siberia.
and that it’s real, not something he has to say or wants to say to make it all go away. That he understands that he fucked up and fucked Tony over and Tony is worth it, he’s been worth it this whole time. That’s the hottest part, somehow, because nothing has ever really made sense when it comes to Steve and Tony’s messed up brain.
Steve had crumpled, shoulders sagging forward in a display of submission Bucky hadn’t seen before.
It’s always the same.
Tony raises his hand between them. “I don’t. I’m sorry for saying it.”
“Oh really? Is that generally speaking or did you have a specific time in mind, because if I remember correctly you’ve not always been the best judge of character when it comes to yours truly?”
Steve doesn’t sleep for hours.
“I can be good. For you.” Tony purred in his ear, fingers curling in the back of his hair to drag him down again.
? JARVIS what the fuck, buddy?”
When his brain is swimming–drowning, really–too much to think about anything more, Tony collapses into bed with his clothes on. Sleep hangs just beyond his grasp and every time he’s about to drift off, he jerks awake with an ache in his chest and his breathing rapid.
Steve steps into his space. Just one step more and they’d be touching and Tony is torn between whether he should feel hot and bothered or icy fear. His body and brain are at war, rational thought disappearing with the waves of heat radiating from Steve’s body.
Tony gestures for Steve to continue, and he does.
The air in Steve’s chest threatens to strangle him. At some point, one he can’t even remember now, Steve had brought Tony coffee for the last time.
Then Natasha comes down, which must have at least
No one ever challenges Captain America.
“Hey Tony?”
Bucky had scented of cream; rich and thick with an underlying whiff of vanilla that crept into the back of Steve’s sinuses and liquified his brain. The mouth-watering aroma trailed after him when he left for work in the morning, and greeted him heavily in the evening when he returned.
The groan Steve lets out should make him shiver, but it has tears prickling behind his eyes and it takes more than it should to hide them underneath a choke and light gag.
It’s an odd look on the man who claimed to love him. Who had held him and cherished him, made a home inside of Tony’s body.
“I can’t be the only one doing things different, Tony. You want to talk, we talk. No more shutting me out and pushing me away. That was a really awful thing to do. I know you heard me. You haven’t done that in—” Steve shakes his head like it doesn’t actually matter. “But I get it, okay? I get it because this is terrifying and I don’t want to lose you either. I’m terrified every damn day but you’re worth it. Do you hear me, you hard-headed asshole, you’re worth it, I love you, and I am so very sorry.”
“Yeah I just” he sniffled “I needa make a phone call” Steve nodded and gave his the phone, closing the door on the way to give the billionaire at least some privacy.
He began to put on the helmet Tony could have sworn he never had, and smiled. “That's great, see you on Monday”
“Promise” Steve never broke a promise, he  hung up the phone and texted his address to the random number. This was like a really bad soap opera and Steve wasn’t even the main character. This was so unlike him, sure he loved helping people, but letting strangers in his home he never really did. No matter how famous, this wasn’t like him at all.
“Well was he fighting back?” she asked not looking up as her hand went over his injuries gingerly.
“That’s all?” Steve asked confused
Tony was waiting now, waiting for them to finish him off, to kill him and hide all evidence but that time didn’t come. They started running away as a blurry figure entered through a door in the ally. Tony was saved.
He spent a while cleaning the kitchen and was about to take a well deserved break but stopped midway when he heard sudden screaming. “What the-“ he looked over at the security cam and it was no longer cats. A group of guys and girls surrounded a man who was laying on the floor all their faces blurry from the small tv screen.
“Well I apologize I take it back,but is being rich really how you explained it?”
*                          •                           •
The merman and the human locked eyes and it felt like Steve was in a trance, taken away by the creature before him’s beauty. Tony was rendered speechless as this was the first human that wasn’t shoving a camera in his face, yelling at him to do tricks, or manhandling him.
“I dont think so”
“Man if I ever get a video of either of them I would submit it without second thought, it’s not even about the money” Steve huffed
“No way”
Peter moved the jar slightly. “Oh my God” the tooth fairy laid completely still. Oh god the tooth fairy is real and Peter killed him. Peter was a murderer.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wow wow there pal who the hell is Tony?”
“Net!” and in a blink of an eye everyone swam away yet Tony was still trying to comprehend what was happening.
“Drive safe” he winked and Tony might as well have dug up his grave right there and then because he was dead.
“Yeah yeah sirena whatever let’s just go” everyone was together at first but as the day progressed they all found different sources of entertainment. Bucky and Sam found a lot more interest in the girl at the pretzel cart rather than the penguin exhibit.  Loki disappeared two minutes in and Peter followed him without Loki having any clue. Thor has dragged Bruce to the koala exhibit because he’s ‘been wanting to see one in person since birth’.  This left Steve with Natasha and Clint who were on a baby sitter adventure.
“Tony does the video relate to what happened last night?”
“Steve, I know you’re a good person. Just don’t think your heads in the right place right now. I’ll let you figure it out for yourself” she shook her head and slipped into the restroom to get a look at the damaged clothes that previously belonged to Tony Stark. Steve was left thinking about the young Stark a part of him thought maybe he could be wrong.  A larger part of him kept reassuring himself that he was right.
Steve
“You can hardly walk on your own you won’t get far” Steve barely argued a smirk playing on his lips in excitement. Something gnawed at him in the back of his heart but ignored it.
“Banner I do not keep a phone you know this”
“Look Nat don’t get me wrong, I feel bad that this happened to the kid I really do. But also I think that maybe this was the wake up call he needed.” Natasha was just exasperated at this point. She wanted to scream more than anything that this man was touched in ways no one should be touched without their consent. Instead she swallowed her lecture and nodded at the blond.
He lifted his bloody shirt carefully to reveal an even worse torso, he was completely covered in dried blood and bruises. He would have to ask Steve for some bandages to cover that up. He sighed slipping the huge shirt on, sure Tony’s small he hates to admit it but boy was this Steve guy built. His shirts practically engulfed him. He looked in the mirror rolling his eyes, he looked like a child.
“Oh god that was real?” Tony whispered through pouted lips. His heart raced at the thought of everything he had been through and the last 24 hours. Tony’s chest ached it felt like everything he’s been through was sitting on his chest, mocking him. He didn’t feel like himself, he wouldn’t wish that upon his worst enemy
Sorry about the dry chapter I struggled a little with the dialogue and having it flow naturally :( but hopefully the next chapter will come along much more eventful! As always comments are very appreciated:)
“Dad, I’m 13, I don’t believe in the tooth fairy” Peter rolled his eyes.
“Be there in 5” She hung up quickly. Steve got closer to the unconscious genius shrugging his jacket off to support Stark’s head. Steve bit back a bitter laugh, what kind of luck does he have that he got stuck with a beat up, spoiled brat. His eyes ran over Stark one more time, water dripping from the gutter behind him, multiple animals roaming behind him,this would be the last place anyone would see Anthony Stark. “Whats up?”
Silence.
“Is there anything you wanna tell me about ?” Tony couldn’t tell if he was talking about his supposed sex tape, or him getting jumped or that Steve guy. Tony’s face was painted with a blank expression as he nodded preparing to fake a response. Thor popped in head into the room before he had a chance to make up a lie. Saved by the overly large friend, Tony smirked to himself.
“Italy”
Tony woke up in a hospital bed with Bruce by his side. He smiled softly at Tony, “Hey Tones” Bruce chirped. Tony’s mind rushed with a million thoughts at once and like a ton of bricks every little detail began to register to him. He felt icky inside and out. “Rhode’s on the way, he’ll be here in half an hour” Bruce moved closer to Tony.
Natasha tilted her head to the side and look at the two young men infront of her. One was scrawny and shy looking while the other stood buff but surprisingly unintimidating as he smiled. “May I ask what for?” Natasha turned towards them.
“Tony? This isn’t Tony.” Must be a wrong number, Steve thought to himself. “I swear if you hurt a single hair on his head so help me god you will never see the light of day” he stopped himself from hanging up as this man actually sounded worried.
———————
“Don’t get your panties in a twist I was just leaving” he viciously wipes the tears from his eyes. “Also don’t call me Anthony, the names Tony” he spit with false confidence.
He tried to yell but only a sad whimper escaped his lips. The people stopped touching him after what felt like years and spoke to one another all looking at something Tony couldn’t make out. His eyes stung, tears were escaping.  He wanted to scream, to beg for them to leave him alone put he couldn’t.
“How far are you from the diner” Steve asked knowing the whole situation would be easier to explain in person.
This chapter is short and kind of just a continuation of last chapter because I feel like it needed a little more. Also because I have so many emotions I keep writing lol. Comments are always appreciated and really inspire me!! So drop some predictions please!!
Peter could barely breathe, his body felt as though it was made out of ice and was suddenly melting at a rapid rate. He had to do something and fast. He glanced at his alarm clock 1:36 a.m., Dad was definitely asleep and Ned was most likely awake. He would know what to do. Ok Peter it’s not the that hard, just get up and don’t look at his tiny dead body and grab the phone. He gulped as he look at the phone that lay all the way on his nightstand. Three, two, one, go. He rushed to the phone and quickly dialed Ned’s number not daring to look back. It felt like eternity with each ring, when finally “Hello?”.
“Thank you, also” Steve hummed in response “don’t bring up what happened to him yesterday. Promise?”
“Hey Tones” Rhodey’s voiced calmed him down almost instantly, the heat melting away.
“Sounds about right to me!” Bruce spoke up suspiciously, but backing Rhodey up regardless. Loki just shrugged not caring, following Thor as he led the way back to Tony’s room. They expected to see Tony a bit on the upset side but instead they were greeted with extreme mayhem.
“No problem, call me ‘Tasha” she grinned giving one of her many nick names.
“Steve you’re being a mega ass right now and I’m gonna hurt you” this time it was Natasha who was turning red. She wanted so badly to just sit Steve down and play the atrocious video for him. A shiver ran down her spine, every scene in that video going through her head over and over. She knew it wasn’t her story to tell but her hand itched to play the video. She peaked outside of the bedroom to see that everyone had left. “Way to go Steve now they left and now you can’t  even apologize!”
“Rhodey” he whispered. He didn’t want to tell him, Rhodey would hate him. He would never look at him the same, no one would.
“Well I took a class on date rape drugs and all that and well the way his body is reacting points to him being drugged” Her face remained completely neautral.To be honest in Steve's eyes she was the Hermoine of their friends, always on top of her work, and always correct.
“Thank you so much kind ma’am” the buff one beamed at her.
She began watching the video from the beginning, the genius was being dragged by a group of two men and two women. Natasha furrowed her brows as the group dragged Anthony Stark to the dark alley, what they did next left Natasha speechless. What they did to him was the most disgusting thing she witnessed, his alleged sex tape was actually him being raped.
“Tony? Tony? Hello?” Bruce waved his hand infront of Tony’s face.
Steve continued his work late into the night. “You’re still here?” Bucky, his roommate smiled as he walked out of the  kitchen, taking off his apron.
Tony walked into the bar later that night,  with his head high, he told himself no more than one drink tonight. He really didn’t need the paparazzi to get their hands on more embarrassing videos, he also didn’t want to listen to his dad lecture him for an hour about him spoiling the Stark name. Because honestly in Tony’s view point the Stark name has been ruined long ago.
Tony started to get up off the curb despite every joint in his body protesting. “Wait! Wait! Anthony!” He cringed, he hated that name. I’m reminded him of bad times. He turned to see the waiter from the night before, the man who saved his life, and who was also a complete ass. What a package deal. Well it’s not like Tony didn’t deserve it, he did, just sometimes he wished people wouldn’t be so quick to judge him.
“Y-yeah” Jarvis paid and left a rather large tip because Tony refused to move.
“But da-“
“Relax it’s almost our turn” Thor responded clearly agitated. Steve lazily laid his head on his younger cousins, Peter’s, shoulder; his mind constantly rolling back to this fake mermaid. The wait felt like years but finally they were let in and the group of teens and co rushed inside.
“Well should we call the cops?”
“Come one Jarv, we've already been over this I’ve already practiced before I’m practically licensed. Well except for not actually having my license and all that.” Tony stuck out his bottom lip begging.
“I like helping nice people not pricks”
Doctor Hill’s voice took Tony out of his trance, “Mr.Stark are you alright?” Dr. Hill watched with sorrow in her eyes as she knew the story behind Tony Stark’s alleged sex tapes. This, unfortunately, wasn’t her first time dealing with a victim of sexual assault.
Peter looked at the jar infront if him “Shit”,
So i tried to keep the details short and simple I didn't want to get into it too much. If you couldn't tell Tony was drugged. I had to search up date rape drugs and its very scary so please stay safe. Many drugs cause distorted sight and hearing thus explaining why Tony doesn't hear Steve or recognize him from earlier. I hope you enjoyed and leave a comment if you'd like.
Tony finally composed himself “Y-yeah Rhodes but-but it’s not a big deal.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Let me take you on a date”
Whispers filled the bar as Tony walked in a few people even taking pictures, many thought they would be getting the ‘it video’ that would be everywhere tomorrow morning. Tony sat himself down, ignoring the many glances. “What can I get you?” Before Tony could answer a girl sat herself besides him and responded.
Hope you all enjoyed this it was kind of a filled just to get things running along. Comment what you think is gonna happen next or don’t idc lol.
“Hi, what can I get you?” The blond server gave him a look questioning his sunglasses.
Trigger warning: Mentions of sexual assault
“Let’s do a movie tomorrow because sitting around in Thor’s room is great and all but I can’t do this all summer” Sam whined throwing his head into pillow. Everyone hummed in unison, all of them starring mindlessly at the celing. They were only on their third week of summer but they were all already going insane. Their small town had very little to offer and at this point they have hit up every theater and arcade 10 times.
“Peter it’s the middle of the night? What’s wrong?”
“Well yeah it’s where my moms from so I’d like to say I know quite a bit about Italy and I’d love to learn more. Also pizza is the greatest creation ever and something tells me it tastes even better in there” they both smiled.
Peter spent what felt like hours in his bed, his eyes closed but his mind was filled with a million thoughts. Suddenly a noise made its way through Peter’s room. Peter shot you quickly, “Dad?” He looked around and nothing. “Dad?” Still nothing. Peter opened one eye slowly, then the other, nothing. His heartbeat quickened as he glanced at the his night stand, a glowing light laid near his lamp.  “What the hell?” He whispered to himself, turning the lamp on and suddenly the the glowing light sped across the room and banged against the window slowly falling to the ground. Peter ran as fast as his legs would take him, sliding across the floor he caught the glowing thing just before it plummeted to the harsh floor.
Steve fixed together some aspirin, water, and plain toast in hopes that he would keep it down. The faster this guy felt better the faster Steve could get rid of him. Steve turned to the TV , the news suddenly catching his attention. “Anthony Stark’s Alleged Sex Tape has been leaked”. He furrowed his brows together as the gossip channel promised to show a clip later in the day. The idea that the news would use something so private to dehumanize someone was rather disgusting but then again maybe it was also just the wakeup call Stark needed.
“Ned, I killed the tooth fairy”
“Bye Tony, stay safe. I’ll call you as soon as I’m on the way” Tony smiled again and hung up the phone. He kicked his shoes off, set his half dranken from  cup of coffee on the counter, and threw himself on the bed. He thought to himself about the people in the diner, about what the said. He tried not to let it get to him, but truthfully he couldn’t stop thinking about for the rest of the day.
“Knock knock” a woman with a white coat popped her head through the door. Tony sighed with relief, glad that the doctor could stall Rhodey’s ooze-fest for a little longer. “Me. Stark could I talk to you privately for a moment please?” Rhodey looked over at Tony and nodded before leaving the room. Tony didn’t like doctors, they never listened well sometimes it felt like no one ever did listen anyway.
“Thank you”
Steve nervously ran his hand over his face noticing just how bad the damages were to the unconscious young man, “Im sorry Nat did I wake you up? it's not that important it can wait- well it cant wait- but I-I”
“Well if it makes you feel any better I’ve never left the country either”
“Yeah here. Steve, Steve Rogers” Tony nodded taking the phone just as a news notification showed up ‘Tony Stark’s Sex Tape Leaked’ the air has left Tony’s lungs. His skin grew itchy, cold, and hot all at the same time. He choked back tears as Steve took the phone from his shaking hands. He looked over the screen and almost felt bad for the bastard. Sure he didn’t like him but something that private shouldn’t be shared with the world without his consent.  “Are you alright?” Steve found himself in a very awkward situation, he was hoping that Stark would get up and leave and he wouldn’t be late for work  but apparently nothing ever goes as planned in Steve’s life.
“I’ll catch up with you guys later” he smiled receiving a raise eyebrow from Natasha, but no questioning. Instead the two nodded leaving Steve.
“Yes please” he responded quietly, embarrassed. Steve smiled grabbing the rubbing alcohol as Tony slipped his shirt off.
“It’s a surprise” Tony turned smiling before hitting on the gas in full speed, earning a yelp from Jarvis.
“Tony!” He could hear Rhodey shouting as he was the only one swimming towards him, but it was hopeless. He was twisting and turinung frantically to set himself free but the net felt like an endless blackhole. He suddenly found himself struggling to breathe. To make matters worse the net began to lift up and every merhuman’s worst nightmare was met.
“Yes” she replied, remembering the pepper spray in her back pocket and feeling at ease.
“You’re welcome?” He asked confused turning to the bar tender pouring their drinks.
“Are you alright?” A random man asked placing his hand on Tony, his face was blurry but Tony could barely make out a smirk on his lips. “Come one lets get you some fresh air” the guy started pulling Tony’s weak body.
“Well you know mine so it's only fair” he gave Tony a charming smile that absolutely melted his heart.  “And you are in my physics class after all, you're pretty hard to miss, always blurting out the answers” Tony’s already red cheeks darken some more, his heart was ready to jump out of his chest at this point.
“Rhodey I’m fine I really don’t need any help, okay? I’m perfectly fine, actually I have never been better. ” Tony cheesed a smile at him. Rhodey looked down disappointed,Tony felt pathetic, useless and just down right worthless. God if only Howard could see him now, he could never be prouder, really.
He nodded quickly, igniting a head ache, the funny feeling not leaving his body. “Excuse me. I need to go to the restroom” Tony got up quickly almost tripping. Britney watched him carefully as he stumbled to the bathroom. “What the ‘ell” Tony slurred his words washing his face with cold water. His vision suddenly becoming blurry.
“We haven’t been formally introduced, I am Dr. Hill, nice to meet you. You took quiet the hit there Tony. You have fractured ribs, internal bruising and a little something else.” The doctor took a seat besides Tony, a serious look painting her face. Tony’s body instantly went completely cold, and every time he closed his eyes he was brought back to the previous night. Before he knew it he was throwing up in the trash can next to him, nothing but bitter bile and black coffee.
“Alright I’ll help him for the night” He sighed defeated “Thanks Nat” She hummed in response calling Clint.
Tony chuckled interrupting Steve. “No I get what your saying” he laughed again as Steve’s cheeks burned even brighter, if that was even possible at this point.  “I mean it has it’s moments I guess”, Steve rolled his eyes, how privileged was this guy?
All his life Tony was lectured by different people about one thing, the dangers of humans. He would always brush it off because were they really all that bad? He’s always enjoyed watching them do regular and strange tasks from afar. Sometimes they would just walk around laughing about nothing and sometimes they would hit something hanging from a tree with a stick. They were overall just strange but really not all that viscous or so he thought.
“She’s doing good, hospital bill are a pain in the ass but we’ll make it through” Steve smiled sadly.
“Some dudes apartment I’m pretty sure he hates me”
“Thor this line is taking forever and I want to go home” Loki whined as the summer sun poured down on the group of friends.  Thor was forced to bring his little brother who only ever had tricks up his sleeves and quite frankly gave all of Thor’s friends stress hives.
Hands were touching him everywhere, he didn’t like it. They were cold and rough, they held no affection or emotion. His body was being held down, used. He wanted to scream, to call Rhodey, Jarvis, his mom, or even Howard, but he couldn’t no matter how hard he tried. He screamed as loud as he could but only a muffled whimper escaped.
“But Sir your father”
The merman swam away into the small corner as fast as he could. “I-I told you I won’t do it just leave me alone! I don’t want to preform like-looks some kind of animal please just let me go home!” Steve approached the glass confused and sad. Tony realized it wasn’t one of the horrible zoo people and gasped slightly, trying to hide away even further into the corner.
She felt sick to her stomach and almost stopped watching. Instead she continued watching as they began beating him, she watched up until Steve came. “My hero” she mumbled, but she took it back quickly. Natasha watched as Steve left a helpless Stark unconscious on the floor. Natasha replayed the scene over and over again, zooming in until she could read Steve’s lips. “You’re not worth it.” Natasha repeated Steve’s exact words.
“Mmhmm, good luck Rhodes” Tony smiled opening the door to the penthouse.
“Uh-“ Rhodey struggled to come up with an excuse for Tony’s strange ordeal. He knew the reason is because he didn’t want his dad to see the hospital bill on the insurance record but no one other than Rhodey needed to know that. “Because he’s Tony duh he loves to spend as much money as possible!” Rhodey almost laughed at his unbelievable response.
This was the perfect opportunity Steve thought to himself and within five minutes he found the closed exhibit. Yet he had no way of getting in. “Through the back door buddy” he jumped nearly 10 feet in the air before looking up to see Loki just chilling in a tree while Peter just grinned at him and waved. He nodded at Loki thankfully and snuck through the backdoor. Steve didn’t know why but he had to know about the mermaid even if it was just one of his classmates dressed in an Ariel costume.
“Listen I really appreciate the hospitality but I have to go” Steve caught him just in time as he almost crashed to the ground. “…or not” he mumbled grabbing the water from Steve and rinsing his mouth out into the bucket. He put on his public facade, he couldn’t risk someone knowing what happened to him.  “Do you have a phone I could borrow and a first and last name?” It hurt to smile but he did it anyway.
Steve began tippy toeing into the vacant area, expecting complete silence but instead he heard a voice. “Come on Tony think, think! How the hell are you gonna get out of this one? God I should’ve listened to dad! Never thought I would be saying that…God how could you be so stupid Tony!” Tony broke down sinking to the fake ocean floor. Gold sparkles escaping his eyes, tears, for merhumans cried glitter such a beautiful effect for such a sad cause. Steve witnessed everything, leaving him speechless. Mermaids were definitely real and well this was a merman? Steve watched from the shadows and as he tried to get closer he tripped over his clumsy feet.
Throughout the day Steve worked over time as Sam went to catch up with his mom. Clint took over his shift asking why Steve was still working, but he already knew the answer.
I’m so sorry for posting so late Infinity War ruined me so I need time to prepare before anything happened. Also I know there’s barely and SteveTony but I’ll work on it don’t worry. Also I didn’t proof read sorry :(
He meant to just watch them from afar but then him and his classmates decided to be stupid.  “Hey Stark, I dare you to touch one of the boats” Justin smirked and Tony turned around to face all his obnoxious classmates. If his father ever finds out about him being this close to the boats he’ll be in a whole new world of trouble.
“Yep”
They began touching him again, but this time they pulled his pants and boxers up. Were they done? Was this all they wanted? Tony was praying so but then again Tony’s life was never easy. Before Tony’s drugged brain had time to react he was pulled up off the floor by two men and was suddenly receiving punch after punch. One to the face, one to the stomach and the again. After what felt like years he was dropped to the floor only to be kicked in the ribs multiple times. The pain in his body seared as he felt bloody dripping down his mouth.
“Buddy, we talked about this.”
“Avalon Protocol?” Natasha steps up on Steve’s other side and puts a steadying hand on his elbow. Steve hadn’t realized that he’s shaking.
A disgusting grimace contorts Steve’s face and the envelope in his hands is stained with his tears, blurring the plain black lettering on the front into a mess of ink. Steve’s gone a corpse shade of pale and Tony wonders if he might be sick.
“Right. Well, congratulations Rogers, you’re a free man.”
It was something, seeing the way the tension could just slip from the lines of his skin.
Steve pants into the air, throwing his head back and fixing his eyes on the ceiling.
All the blood drains out of Tony’s cheeks but once the words start, they spill out of Steve in droves. Like little stones, tumbling to the bottom of the well, all with a delayed reaction when they land.
Which shouldn’t matter because Tony hasn’t even read them all, not after the first.
“It wasn’t supposed to be like this.”
“Come off it. It’s professional. Strategy. I’m not backing his call; we both think this is the right decision, and we think you’re the one that needs to bring him in.”
“Don’t make the sacrifice play.”
“And what was that?” Tony asks, dully.
Amazing, Tony thinks spitefully, how Steve manages to piece together select snippets of information in ways that worked for him. That the Accords, which he had used not long ago as an excuse to rip their team to shreds, now fell from his lips as a beacon of trust and reconciliation.
“Come on, Evil Knievel, let’s get settled and I’ll take you out again later. You hungry?”
“The fourth isn’t for another three weeks?” Bruce said with a frown.
Risky though, giving a man in pain for a decade refuge in opiates. Pepper should know better, the countless times she’s had to pry bottles from his hands.
“I know, fuck,
“It felt real.” Tony’s hands clench in the duvet. His shoulders shake, and whatever he’s seen has his heart pounding rapidly in his chest. “It felt more than real. God.”
Steve’s soulmark is gone. Steve’s soulmate is gone.
“Two more days,” Rhodey’s voice is soft and thick as he wipes his hands on a crumpled napkin and tosses it onto the remains of a soggy bun and a handful of fries.
Even now, the gore of it all can still leave him retching.
Maybe it’s the sharp intake of breath behind him, hardly a whisper of a sniffle, or maybe it’s Steve Rogers calling him
“You’re here, okay, you’re safe. I’ve got you.”
“Buck, please.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, muffled against Tony’s mouth.
“Well,” Tony claps his hands together around two leaflet folders tucked under one arm. “I suppose congratulations are in order.”
It’s one of those moments where the world slows down, and Steve can’t form a thought to save his life. They call him a master tactician; that may be true but Steve still needs time. He needs time to plan and to collect himself, but Tony has never been generous enough to spare him that decency, not since the first day they met. Tony meets him head on, walking him backwards in a head-on assault until his back is against the wall. Trapped.
Steve pats a hand on his shoulder as Tony touches down beside them, a gauntlet settling on the other. “Nice work, Peter.”
He takes the kid back down to the lab first, and tinkers while he talks.
Steve all but growls as he drives into him at a brutal pace, cock threatening to split Tony in two and Tony scrambles against the window, trying to get a grip or some form of leverage to push back to meet Steve’s thrusts. He can’t, it’s thrilling.
“No more!” Tony pushed at his chest, wriggling free with a laugh.
The surface wasn’t within view as the water crept steadily up towards his chest, filling in every modicum of space and reaching up to lick at his throat. It was a race against time and after his run-in with Vanko in France, Tony had never been one for races.
“Tony? Tony!” Tony stares at him, wide-eyed, before he starts to convulse. His body bends and shakes at inhuman angles and Steve can’t look away when he starts to gasp, ugly, disturbing sounds wretched from his throat. “Fuck. Fuck, no. Tony, no! Please, no. We did it. You did it. Tony!”
“Guess the cat’s out of the bag.” Then Steve was placing one big palm on the side of his face, cupping his cheek as if he were something delicate. “We were going to talk to you. Or at least I was.”
Tony sucks in a sharp breath behind him, fingers twitching against Steve’s jaw. Tony’s silent for a long moment, but Steve doesn’t open his eyes. He listens to his unsteady breathing and waits until finally, Tony whispers, “Just name the time and place.”
The clothes he’s wearing belonged to Sam once and practically drip off his body. Fabric pools at his waist even though he’s rolled the shirt up and tucked it firmly into ill-fitting jeans. He’s had to cuff the jeans multiple times and his feet poke out from underneath them, ridiculous protrusions in shoes two sizes too big.
The adrenaline in his veins is liquid nitrogen. Tony’s at Bruce’s side, wrestling the gauntlet off him as Bruce howls in pain. Tony, always so goddamn self-sacrificing. He doesn’t ever stand down.
Steve struggles in his arms, fights, and Tony doesn’t let him go. He forces Steve back onto all fours and curls over him, pressing his forehead into the top of Steve’s spine, right at the base of his neck and lets out something of a sob of his own.
A nasty gash on Natasha’s forearm is the only obvious exception.
“God,” Steve breathes. “Sometimes I still can’t believe you married me.”
It’s an obvious warning, if he’s ever given one.
He leaned past Tony to refill his mug, dipping a hairbreadth too far into his space as he went.
There are precious moments where everything fades away and he finds himself completely present. Like when Steve joins him in bed at night and slides between his sheets. The soft hair of Steve’s legs rasps against Tony’s and he pulls Tony into his arms. Safe and secure, sometimes they fuck, and sometimes they just lie there, luxuriating in each other’s presence.
“You’d love that though, wouldn’t you? You’d want them to watch, just so they all know you belong to me. Invite them into our damned bedroom if you could, just so they’d all see, hm?” Steve smiles to himself and the silence that greets him, knowing full well that Tony’s both a sucker for Steve talking filth to him at inopportune times, and his little fantasies of the rest of the team having to watch.
So when Steve arrives at the lake house, devastatingly handsome with a few new lines on his face—take that Dad, peak of human perfection and still aging all the same—Tony can greet him far warmer than he ever has before.
Everything goes hot and cold and Tony can’t focus, can’t breathe. There’s nothing more than Steve inside him, the cold glass against him and the orgasm rattling towards him like a train while the whole city watches.
“Okay,” Tony says, buying for time while realization dawns slower than the beginning of time. “Okay, maybe I’ve miscalculated here—”
This is about possessing him, Tony knows, so he refuses to look at him, closing his eyes and tipping his head up towards the top of the bed.
“Tony? What are you doing here?”
Tony grits his teeth, feeling the light connection of tense muscle straining under Steve’s palm. “No, it won’t.”
“Oh good, because I was thinking maybe if it goes over well with the chickens, we could try a dragon next? Nothing too big, just a small one.”
He burst, hot and thick between them and he could feel Bucky in his
Steve huffs a whisper of a laugh. “Is that a trick question?”
Yes, it’s far more than he deserves, but oh how Tony loves this beautiful, maddening man. Steve’s forgiveness is bittersweet on his tongue and he swallows it down anyways, letting it spread warmth through the hollow space inside him.
“Tony, that’s enough.” Steve’s voice is a low rumble with a bite of warning as he steels himself to the spot and visibly unclenches the fists he’s curled at his sides. Big man, never found a fight he couldn’t finish with his fists.
Is this what Tony wants?
Tony deepens the kiss with a sweep of his tongue, tilting Steve’s chin up further and running his fingers along his jaw, pressing into the tender spot behind Steve’s ears that drives him wild. Right on cue, he moans and shifts forward on the bed, pressing them together from chest to knee.
“Unfortunate politics? Unfortunate
Tony jostles him with a small nudge. “It’s not a competition.”
Gentle laughter rumbles deep in Steve’s chest.
“You know,” Tony starts, voice low and non-threatening, his figurative hands held out in front of him laying his cards on the table. “Sometimes you do these things, little things, and it just hits me like a ton of bricks.” Steve glances over his shoulder, eyebrows lifting by a margin. Tony chuckles a humourless laugh. “You and Howard must have gotten along so well, back in the day.”
Steve had been so desperate their first time together, so eager to learn and to please.
“Of course, Tony, we must’ve misheard you.”
Tony traces his fingers over Steve’s throat, stroking the bruises forming there. His lips press together until a line of white appears at the purse and Steve doesn’t move, doesn’t dare touch him.
Steve blinks.
“No.”
Steve presented him with his own gland and gave a sharp grunt when Tony bit down, too hard. Tony wanted it to hurt, he thought viciously, chasing his pleasure. Wanted Steve to understand what this meant after all they’d been through.
Steve groaned, thrusting up into his grip and curling his other fist tighter around the little puppet in his hand. It couldn’t be wrong if it felt this good and Tony would want him to feel good. Tony would want him to be happy, that’s what everyone kept saying.
Steve blinks.
They hadn’t spoken about it since, Bucky smoothing everything over with soft words and murmured apologies.
He took Bucky apart with firm, slow hands, calming him with soft strokes down his chest, trailing lower and harder until Bucky’s brain shut off and gave over to pleasure.
here.”
“Barnes says you owe him fifty bucks.”
“I don’t really give a fuck.”
Steve struggles for composure, using everything he has to stop himself from dragging Tony back down onto the bed and starting all over again. The realization that Tony’s prepared to go into the fight with Steve’s come still dripping out of him sends a rush of arousal punching back through his body. Tony, taking a little piece of Steve with him wherever he goes. And with a spectacular hickey on his throat to boot.
And oh, that was just perfect. Right there.
“Someone had to,” Steve argues, and Natasha and Sam groan.
“Wow, this is inappropriate,” Tony’s eyebrows fly up as Steve shrugs him off and shuts the door with a soft
He jerks back, eyes wide, because even in this century he knows you don’t lick your friend’s fingers. But then he catches the way Tony’s eyes darken. Tony takes a little, hitching breath and sways towards Steve like phantom hands on his shoulders are pushing Tony forward.
Steve blinks.
Tony’s on his knees. Peter’s unconscious in the dirt.
There are hitches in his shoulders and Tony wonders if he’s crying.
“Well, we can’t have that,” Steve mutters to himself, shaking his head, but excitement zips underneath his skin as he crosses the parking garage. The few dozen floors to the communal floor feel like hours until Steve’s stepping into the living room, his team standing around Tony in a half-circle with varying degrees of expressions, unimpressed and amused.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y.? How long?”
Steve reached down to get a grip on his cock, resting hard and throbbing against his belly, and pleasure crackled along every nerve ending. He’d let Tony watch. He’d
“Hi Boss, I missed you.” FRIDAY’s voice comes out tinny from the speaker of the cell phone, but she’s there in all her cheerful glory.
Tony choked on a gasp, one of his hands flying up to cover his mouth. His eyes searched the fabric, taking in the fresh, cooling stains on the bed and he swayed forward slightly, eyes screwing closed as his face contorted into a grimace and the long lines of his throat swallowed again and again. “What did you do?” He asked, hoarse. “Steve, what did you do?”
But it’s quickly sinking in that Steve’s prepared to give Tony the world.
Steve tries to protect Tony from himself, but Tony won’t let him. Doesn’t want him to hide.
“Can’t help it. You bring it out in me.”
He’d hit traffic in the car on the way over with Happy, who was likely still stuck riding the elevator after Steve had opted to take the stairs a few sets at a time. Everything was conspiring against him, but he’d made it. Tony was still awake, and he’d made it.
Steve blinks a few times to clear the haze that clouds the edges of his vision. He runs his sluggish tongue across the roof of his mouth and reaches out a blind hand until it meets soft, warm skin. An arm that belongs to Pepper, of all people.
Peter is making excuses for why he really needs to be getting home, even though Clint and Sam are already at him to commit to a day to spar with them both.
gone. Who knows who else remains? It doesn’t matter, he thinks frantically. It doesn’t matter who’s left because half of them are gone.
“W-What?” Steve looks up at him, blank.
“Walk away. From this, I mean. Now. Please don’t make me be the one who walks away again. It’s killing me, Steve. You have to see that.”
He wants to ask Tony what he’s thinking. He wants to beg him to stop this.
Bucky’s cryostasis chamber slides shut, and the glass frosts over before Steve can think to say anything. He sends up a silent prayer for his eidetic memory. Even while Bucky is gone, he’ll remember the soft smile of his Bucky, breaking through the nightmare that was the Winter Soldier and holding up his hands, finally ready. Steve will remember the way his hair fell down to his shoulders, longer than Steve had ever seen it before the war, but somehow so very Bucky all the same because that smirk, that
There’s no answers to any of the questions. There’s nothing more they can say, and the world doesn’t need any more platitudes. The whole world weeps, and they aren’t going to be able to fix it this time.
“Aren’t they interchangeable at this point?”
Steve shrugs. “Don’t need to. Whatever you want, the answer is always going to be yes.”
“No, you don’t. But you have it, so you decide what you do with it.”
Steve misinterprets him, pulling away physically as his eyes cloud over and Tony has to reach out to stop him, settling him with a hand on his chest.
For the time being, Tony holds Steve close and breaths him in, drifting into the quiet that stretches between them on the heels of Steve’s sobs. His breathing evens out under Tony’s hand while he traces the mosaic of interconnected muscle in Steve’s back that flows and constricts beneath his fingers.
Wave after wave of pleasure rolled through his body and for a moment all the humming in Steve’s brain stopped. For one, blissful moment, there was only Tony.
The movie opens and Peter, with his bright, eager eyes, is sucked in immediately. Tony’s mind is lost somewhere in a galaxy far, far away and clear as day he can hear Howard’s voice in his head, barking orders, brushing aside his mother, berating them both.
“I’m right here. Okay, Steve? I’m right here and I’m not going anywhere.” Tony almost adds,
And if they don’t make it?
“Hey, come on now, wake up. You’re alright, Tony. Wake up.” He jostled his shoulder a few more times without success.
Shame and humiliation nip at his heels like terriers as he steps past a line of reporters and sees one of the cars they had arrived in already pulling up. The knowledge that Pepper’s known this whole time and not said anything, that she’s had a glimpse of his dirty little secret makes him want to sink into the floor.
Tony gives him a light kick to the ribs. “You can finish me off after the battle.”
“I just thought that if I tried—”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hold on, I get it. Okay, damn it where is it—” Tony’s hand smacks against something hard and he curses under his breath. “There we go.”
Steve reached out a hand as if he could stop him, intending to reassure Tony, to hold him, but Tony was too quick. Tugging the sheets with him, Tony covered his gorgeous body from view, forcing Steve to look up and focus on his face—
and his chest constricts, lungs dragging air through the spaces between Tony’s fingers. It’s not enough. He’ll choke on it.
“I wanted to talk to you about today. It meant a lot to me, what you said. And, about other things.”
actually a primary emotion.”
“I know.”
The door opens a crack, a barely there movement in the back of his mind and Tony gathers the strength to peek through.
Tony is the virus living under his skin, resurgent in any moment of weakness.
Tony gives her a hard look, wishing that he could read her mind and know if this is all true, or if she’s just playing another angle. Every fibre of his being wants to believe her, but he’s been burned so many times. It’s exhausting, these mind games, if that’s what this is.
“That’s the sweetest thing I’ve ever heard.” Steve murmured after a beat, tugging Tony back for another kiss.
“I just… I don’t understand why you even thought you should send it in the first place. I think I deserved better than that.”
So what else was there?
“Bullshit. What aren’t you saying? What—” Tony cuts himself off, and his face spasms with realization but he steels himself and pushes on. “What are you hiding? Why are you hiding something from me?”
Why can’t the person screaming
And then, the third. “I don’t sleep without you either, Steve.”
me, Steve, goddamnit!” Tony barely gets an arm up against the window before Steve let’s go of his throat and his forehead crashes down against it. He groans, low and broken as Steve angles down and hits that perfect spot inside him with expert precision.
“I know the past year can’t have been easy on you, either,” She offers, gently.
“Of course, I told them! You heard the woman. Get up here, Pops.” Tony waves him forward as Pepper gives a wet laugh from one contraction to the next.
“The booze isn’t going to help that.”
?” Tony counters, pulling the tablet back. He punches in a series of numbers and a new video appears, the spider kid sneaking down an alley next to Stark Industries. He never reappears, but a minute later Tony’s intern appears around the corner and strides straight into the building.
“He said he wants to be a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, so that’s what he’s going to be. I’m not pulling him in again, platypus.”
us when he does that. Wait, do you not smell it?”
Maybe Steve can’t be that for him right now. He hasn’t been ready to talk, so Steve’s waited. He’s been waiting for this. “I won’t.”
“I saw it in the paper, you know,” Steve says, quieter. Pain flashes in Tony’s eyes but he stays stubbornly silent. “You called me and said not to worry when the mansion fell into the ocean and that same afternoon the papers said you were dead. And then you didn’t answer the phone, Tony!”
She just kicks off her heels, slips into one of his t-shirts and a pair of sweatpants that droop off her hips despite the triple knot, and climbs into bed with him. Pressing her soft lips into his brow, Pepper gently reminds him to call next time and tells him to sleep while holds him until morning.
The admission surprises them both, and whether he knows it or not, Steve gives his whole hand away. He shifts forward, so their knees are almost touching, and the grief comes rushing back up to the surface, darkening his beautiful features.
The world doesn’t care about the Avengers at all.
It was never about getting even at all.
“Thank you.”
“Mr. Stark, you need to take a look at this. It’s amazing. It actually might be better than the prosthetic braces you’ve been working on for Colonel Rhodes.”
Steve presses his forehead against Tony’s and smiles.
Nothing.
Steve crumbled.
“Guess I must be predictable.”
“Tony, no,” Steve gasps around the words, “I never meant to—please believe me I didn’t want, didn’t ever think—not once. Oh god.”
“No, shut up. You don’t get to say something like that and then tell me to
“Sorry, tonight was so difficult, Mr. Stark. You didn’t need to come just for me.”
Steve doesn’t wait for Pepper to come. He can’t bear to see the pain in her eyes. They’ve both lost Tony, but Pepper’s grief is intolerable.
“You’re sorry?” Steve asks the question with slow precision, and looks at Tony like a spooked horse to be tamed. “Just like that?”
Maybe it does matter, because if Tony’s honest with himself, Steve’s been giving him orders since the day they all returned. It’s been easy to ignore them, acknowledge them yes, but set them aside because Steve didn’t have the right anymore. It didn’t stop him from trying, and bitterness and resentment made it so much easier to ignore.
“No, we’re not. But I don’t want our marriage to end because we can’t have a conversation.”
“Tony–” Bucky tried to interrupt but Tony continued over him.
.” Tony blinks back the tears biting behind his eyes because this is supposed to be good. It’s not sad, it’s good and he’s okay and this is so, so right. This is everything, damn it.
“Shut up.”
Except this time, Steve doesn’t push on. He stops, waits, keeps his eyes trained on Tony’s with his lips pressed so hard together the blood bleeds away and leaves the crease of his mouth a dull pink.
And Steve hasn’t lost him.
Steve’s cock slipped out of his mouth as Bucky tugged Tony up into his arms, using reserves of his strength to manhandle Tony exactly where he wanted him and Tony spilled forward, a limp doll, open and easy with pleasure. Steve wrapped Tony’s arms around Bucky’s neck for him, pressing up against his back and for a second, he could feel Steve’s cock slip between his legs, sliding against where he and Bucky were joined.
“Steven, honey?”
Tony didn’t respond, writhing against the bed as a hoarse cry ripped from his lips and Steve called out his name again. Clamping a firm hand down on his shoulder, Steve tried to shake him awake but Tony’s body fought him off, one arm flailing out to protect himself.
“My turn now?” Tony takes a deep breath and looks down at his hands. They’re loosely clasped in Steve’s and though he’s nodding, there’s caution swirling in Steve’s eyes and Tony imagines that it must be the mirror image of his own. “The letter you sent me–”
They’ve always been explosive and sometimes it’s hard to tell where anger ends and lust begins. Maybe it’s always been one and the same.
Steve shook his head, looking down at his feet with a soft sigh. Tony was right; he was always right and it might’ve been infuriating if the storm raging in Steve’s chest wasn’t so fierce. “I know. I do know that.”
Tony choked, gagging on Steve’s words. What was he saying? Tony couldn’t think, couldn’t fathom it.
Tony remembered crawling into his bed, stretching out beside the old man, and taking turns reading pages as Tony stumbled over words and argued that his turn always came too soon. Jarvis’ lilting voice always seemed to stitch the story together, effortless and smooth as butter.
“Yes. All of it, yes. Please.”
Steve adjusts next to him, sliding down the mattress and forcing Tony back onto his own pillow. He covers Tony’s fingers with his own, now pressed into his chest just below his heart. In the shadows, Tony can make out the cerulean of Steve’s eyes, half-hidden by long lashes.
“Yeah,” Tony replies, lamely.
“I think I have a few knitted blankets, if you want them, Stark.” Wanda piped up, but there was an underlying warm in her inflection. Being the only other Omega, save Peter who had yet to present, her words didn’t hold the same sharp edge.
Steve pulls him down again and again, his own release hanging on the knife’s edge, just outside of his reach. “Tony. Tony, come on. Just wanna see you—the look on your face, please just—”
“We’re going to figure this out, Steve. I promise. I have some new ideas for B.A.R.F., and who knows what Shuri could do for him. She’s got a phenomenal mind. We’ll figure this out.”
But the gig was up, marked by a mixture of excitement, and searing-hot embarrassment gurgling in his stomach.
“Tony—” The words are garbled into Tony’s palm, thick with emotion.
He is so tired.
“It meant a lot to Bucky too,” Steve’s face softens when he says the other man’s name, sending a spear of jealousy and white-hot rejection through Tony’s gut.
The words don’t even make sense. He doesn’t know what Tony’s talking about, but he digs his hands into his chest, right where the arc reactor once was, and fucks down onto him harder, faster, milking Tony for everything he’s got because if it’s their last night on Earth, he’ll be damned if Tony doesn’t fill him full to the brim. He makes a dozen silent promises, and if he were still a religious man, Steve would pray.
Their local pie shop must be thriving these days.
Steve presses his lips together and gives Tony a calculating look that makes him think he should have left New York hours ago when he’d had the chance. It wouldn’t take much to get up now and walk away from Steve, leave him sitting there with his overflowing barrel of self-pity and bitterness, but he doesn’t.
to do with Clint, because when she appears, she’s got two cups of coffee and a box of donuts. She hovers in the doorway, so unlike her, and Tony rolls his eyes, nodding his head so she knows it’s safe to enter.
It’s vindicating, to know that Steve finally understands. It must’ve been difficult, Tony imagines, to set so much aside and be willing to try again. The B.A.R.F. sessions can’t have been easy on him, but he did it anyways, to make things right even if only for himself. That counts for something, doesn’t it?
Reinstate their
Tony licks a stripe behind his ear and Steve noses at his jaw when he laughs. “That’s never going to happen.”
There had been a time once where Steve believed in the afterlife, back before aliens and Gods, super serum and the mystic arts. Now he wasn’t so sure and that scared him. If there was no afterlife, then Tony didn’t live on anywhere. He was just… gone.
“I’ve been with other people.”
“Come on, hurry up, you’ve made us late to the party!” Tony scrambles out from underneath him, cock bouncing between his legs and a small trickle of come already working its way down the back of his thighs.
“Whenever you want.” Steve promises gently, tugging on Tony’s hands to draw him in closer. He runs a linger hand down to stroke across Tony’s chest, resting it flat on the soft curve of his belly. Glancing at his mouth, Steve leans in but hesitates before he kisses him this time.
Tony thinks he’s a man without secrets, and he couldn’t be more wrong. He deserves the truth, he always had. It’s not Tony’s fault he’s fallen for a man too afraid to lose him—too afraid to lose either of them—to be honest with him.
Steve sounded desperate. Tony understood, he felt desperate too.
“He’ll love it.”
Tony has been busy, is still busy, and it feels good. Rewarding, on the best days.
Steve takes one massive step back but his eyes flash and his posture is ramrod straight. That is, until his eyes clock the way that Tony’s left hand is shaking at his side and his eyes fly up. The tension in Steve’s body drains onto the pavement and in seconds there’s no fight left in him.
Would this be better or worse if Tony touched him? God, he might die if Tony didn’t touch him again soon. Right now.
Steve tightens his grip on Tony’s wrists as he tries to jerk away.
His eyes catch on his left wrist, where at some point the burning has stopped and been replaced with... nothing. There’s no sensation, there’s no explosion of red and gold, the resplendent fireworks that once adorned his skin.
A heavy thump of skin on skin made Tony laugh and relax by a fraction. He peeked through one eyelid to see Steve above him, flushed red and guilty. Maybe a little aroused.
JARVIS hesitated. “Captain, if you are preparing to prank Sir, I should warn you this is a particularly sensitive topic and I don’t feel it would be appropriate–”
“Get up. Stop sulking. You don’t have anything to sulk about.”
“Drop it, Pep.” When it comes out a touch too harsh, he adds, “thank you. For everything.”
Outside the workshop he could hear Steve and Bucky’s muffled voices and he curled in on himself, snuggling further into the mass of blankets and pillows that had started on the workshop sofa and spilled over onto the floor sometime in the past few days.
Tony’s been hurting for so long.
“I’m so tired of hurting, Tony. If I could just—”
“This is what people are talking about when they use the word irony, right? I mean, come on. This is pretty ironic.” Tony circles him for the last time and Steve resists the urge to roll his eyes. He folds his arms over his slight chest, straightens up his back and realizes a beat too late how much that small gesture gives away.
“It appears that the sequencing is skipping too quickly and the program is getting stuck in a feedback loop.”
An entire year and he’s barely even taken a breath. A year without Bucky. A year without Sam. They’d fought so hard to get here. To be happy.
a better man. He’s damn lucky, and if you can’t do this, that’s okay. But it’s not you who should be standing here wondering if you’re going to be living up to expectations.”
“Do you want me to get him?”
“I hate this tie,” Tony hisses as he pulls off, gasping in a breath before swallowing Steve down to the root.
“Tony? Tony, I think we need to talk.”
“Nope, let’s not. I do not want to hear it.” Clint interrupted, coming back into the communal living room, flanked by Natasha. He quickly filled two thermoses with coffee, black for Nat and a touch of milk for his, as she pulled on her jacket.
“Tony—”
“Don’t I?” Tony says, the hand playing with his balls drawing away to come back wet with slick. Tony prods between his legs, swiping fingers over his hole. Steve clenches down, body rebelling against the cold touch but Tony keeps him honest. He applies more pressure and Steve’s body yields. “I felt pretty powerless in a dead suit, bleeding into the snow.”
“You don’t
“Hang on!” Tony’s voice may be clipped and modulated but even behind the mask Steve can tell that he’s grinning. One gauntlet wraps around his wrist and Steve instinctively grabs on with the other, and then they’re rocketing into the sky.
Whether he has the papers in hand or not, he’s officially divorced. Tony wonders if Steve knows yet, or if he alone has been blessed with the curse of knowledge.
“God, you’re as bad as he is, aren’t you? Do I have to do all the work here?” Tony demanded, and then he was fisting a hand in Bucky’s t-shirt and forcing his mouth against Bucky’s, kissing him hard.
“I love you,” Steve repeats. “I’m sorry. Tony, whatever you need—"
knocking against his skull but refusing to process.
Suffocating under a giant, heavy marshmallow. A terrible fate for Iron Man.
“Tony—”
Eight sets of eyes turn to look at Peter and he’s stiffer than he was a minute ago, back straight. Tony keeps a firm hand on his shoulder, though he’s not sure if it’s meant to benefit Peter or himself.
“Don’t you think that’s his decision to make?”
“You’ve been waiting for this for months.” Bucky countered between sweeps of his tongue in Tony’s mouth.
Sometimes, Steve could hardly believe this was real. When he thought about it too long, it seemed like a fantasy. People didn’t just offer up their bodies to their friends the way Pepper had, but she’d offered and followed through nonetheless. Tony had been right again.
“Wow, okay.” Tony forces out an uncertain breath before he pulls back the hand on Steve’s face and runs it through his own hair.
Steve had been working on a new sketch of DUM-E since yesterday, the childlike robot chasing after Tony on the page. In his claw, DUM-E held up a fire extinguisher as caricature Tony chased after caricature Bucky, hair sticking up at all angles. The idea had popped into his head last week, after Bucky had flat out refused to look at Tony’s design for the Mark 22 of Bucky’s ever advancing metal arm.
Steve swallows. The realization that Steve might come out of this without Tony either way sets in, and he stares into the blank, dark circles of Tony’s eyes, searching for an answer.
“Sounds like a cop-out to me.”
“You don’t have to humour me, kid. I’m fine, really.” Tony offers Peter a smile but he’s already giving over, rolling his eyes and stepping into the car as Peter follows behind him and shuts the door a fraction too hard. So, he has a soft spot for the kid? Someone needs to look out for him.
“No,” The finality is meant for Steve as much as himself.
There’s no question that this is the Tony he fell in love with—Tony’s not even forty yet, the arc reactor still embedded in his chest and bathing his worktable in a soft, blue light. The fine lines of his goatee are more black than grey and there’s a smear of motor oil spreading across his jaw that makes his facial hair look lopsided.
“You think
“They’re going to put him under in a few minutes. You can’t go in, Steve.” Pepper lays a hand on his arm as he starts toward the door. “It’s a sterile environment. But you can talk to him, if you want. There’s an intercom, here.”
"I know," Steve said, wrapping his arm around Tony's shoulder and pulling him into a sideways hug. "Is this helping?" Tony shut his eyes and took a few breaths in and out, trying to relish in both his boyfriend's company and the fact that conversation went much better than he ever could have dreamed.
"When I lied about dying to Pepper," he said. "I honestly did it because I could only imagine what that would do to her. At the time, I had feelings for her and thought I was sparing her; giving her some form of mercy. Instead, I just ruined whatever we had between us and almost destroyed our friendship. I thought, 'okay, I'll never do something that shitty to someone again,' then last week happened…"
Thankfully, Tony was saved from having to answer Fury's question when Dr. Fox stepped into the room. All eyes turned to the doctor as they waited to hear his assessment of Steve's condition. Seeing as he had the rapt attention of the entire room, the doctor wasted no time in giving his prognosis.
"Trying to watch porn," he said. "That's how I found out." He had to take a moment to wipe at his face before continuing. "One of the X-rated channels got ahold of it. I just happened to be trying to jerk-off when it came on." He let out a completely humorless laugh. "God, I'm an idiot."
"Right away, sir," the AI responded while Cap began flipping switches to turn the stove burners and all the other appliances off.
"No," a female voice from beside Tony responded. He turned and saw the woman with no identifying clothing. "He just thinks he is. Agent Jenifer Duran, Department of Homeland Security."
"I can get you the original report," she said. "That's the most I can offer you in terms of proof. Everything else, though, you are just going to have to trust me on. I have apologized and told you the truth, and unfortunately that is all I can do. So, can you just meet me halfway and hear me out?" A concerned look crossed Stark's face.
"Counterpoint," Lara said. "The innocent ones tend to have the most skeletons in their closets. No offense, Steve."
"Carol."
"Look, we have sort of an emergency situation going on right now," Steve said. "Tony's house just got robbed and he needs to go back and check the damage. Can you please help us do this one thing real fast? If you do, I'll leave with you as soon as we get Tony back to the hospital. Deal?"
Oswin shoved the cell phone into the pocket of her sweatshirt. The screen went black again, but he could still hear Oswin thanks to the headset she was wearing.
"No," Steve said. "I'm good. I just wanted to make sure you were okay." Tony smiled.
"Steve, stop." Tony just couldn't listen to that. All the vile self-hatred in those words made what bounced around in Tony's own head half the time sound like a glowing appraisal of himself. "You're not sick. We don't think like that anymore."
"Grief," Stark said. "They don't need to waste it on me."
"No, he's not." Before Clint could come up with a proper rebuttal, a thrilled, feminine shriek echoed through the room.
"On the off-chance," he laughed again. "You crack me up."
"Among other things," Carol said.
"The bar was handing out free alcohol
Pushing past Bruce, Clint stepped into the stairwell. He had his S.H.I.E.L.D. uniform all zipped up and his quiver was strapped to his back, bow in hand. Before he could go any further, Natasha stepped in front of him, holding out a hand and forcing him to stop.
"Yeah." Steve looked down. A small, barely noticeable chip on the edge of the table suddenly became very interesting. "I have since I was a little kid."
"You don't know that," Bruce pointed out.
Alright, now that I got to the good news, it's time to give you the bad news. I have only written up to chapter fifty-five and to be honest, I haven't been able to write too much in the past few weeks. I wish I had a good excuse, but sadly I don't. The major thing that's been keeping me from writing is the fact that I have Asperger's Syndrome and with that comes hyperfixations. Normally, that's good if what I'm hyperfixating on is my writing, but right now that isn't the case. So what am I hyperfixating on? Well, a few weeks ago I started watching this TV show and I kind of got my family watching it, too. You might have heard of it, especially if you spend a lot of time on Tumblr. It ended back in November after blowing up the internet by making one of its major ships cannon, and if you can't guess from that, it's Supernatural.
to get some sleep."
"That's the thing," Carol said. "It's not detecting any known lethal poisons. Although, his blood-alcohol level is through the roof. Are you sure he's not just drunk?"
"Oh, Steve," he said. "I'm sorry! I am so sorry!"
Onscreen now, however, nothing nefarious seemed to be happening. At least, as far as Rhodey could tell. Someone's shadow could be seen in the corner of the screen, clearly humanoid in shape. The person the shadow belonged to stood off-screen for a good couple of minutes, before they slowly started to step into frame. Almost right away, Rhodey noticed that there was something familiar about this person and a sinking feeling began to slip into his gut.
"That is correct."
"After my mum died," Oswin said through shuddering breaths. "My dad married another woman. Things only got worse from there and eventually, I hit a breaking point. I ran away from home, for real this time."
"Whatever," Lara said. "That's not what I meant. Can you cut off the power to the elevator without messing up the building's whole set-up?"
"Can't you see all you're going is hurting yourself and everyone around you?" Tony turned to look at him with fury in his eyes.
Thank you to mfaerie32 for the review on FFN and the guest who left kudos on AO3! It really means a lot! :)
"No," Tony said. "If anyone threatens this planet and/or the lives of the people on it, we will defend them."
"Are you feeling okay?" Steve asked while moving his hand between Tony's neck and forehead. They were both ways too warm.
"There's no way we can get out of this, Stark?" Natasha asked.
"We gotta go wide on the public awareness campaign," Pepper said. "You need to do some press." Tony hated hearing those words, but it couldn't be helped. Facing the press was a necessary evil when it came to change the world, unfortunately.
"That's only during meetings," Clint tried to argue.
"Sara," the girl answered.
"I'm right here." For the first time, Freeman took notice of Tony, who was standing at the back of the gathered group. His expression was one of shock and relief.
"But he's alive?" Natasha really wished she didn't have to phrase that as a question. Fortunately, Coulson went for the merciful response.
While Tony was busy figuring out whether the wool was being pulled over his eyes that he didn't notice Agent Coulson coming up to stand beside him.
From a young age, Charles had been a staunch Atheist. Despite his family's urgings, he never believed in God or Jesus or any other religious figure. He saw them as just as fraudulent as Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy. As soon as he could, he left home without looking back, attending Culver University in Virginia, hundreds of miles away from his hometown and family. However, he still couldn't escape the stranglehold religion had on society. It shouldn't have surprised him. It
(See the end of the chapter for
"That still doesn't change the fact that I need to go to work," he said. "As much as I'd like it to." Steve shrugged.
"Hey, J," Tony said as soon as they were a good distance from the Hellicarier. "Can you hear me, buddy?"
"I won't," Lara said.
"Don't argue with me, Clint," Natasha said. "You
"What, like with a plane?!" came instantly pouring out of Clint's mouth.
"It's not like anything can be done about it now," he said. "JARVIS, get a working archive of every time any of the surveillance cameras have gone offline in the last six months – barring anything dated September 4th, 2011."
Remember kids, if you go to Jones Beach on Long Island, NY, just keep an eye out for anything suspicious. I don't know for certain if any crimes specifically happened there, but you know... If you see a random burlap sack just lying around, don't touch it. Call the police right away. It could be nothing, it could be a dead body. It's best to err on the side of caution and call the police. This has been a PSA.
Natasha wasn't afraid. In fact, she honestly just wanted to laugh at these pathetic moron's attempts to threaten her. Really? They were going to pull her teeth out? That was the best they could do? Please, it would take a lot more than that to get her to talk. In fact, she had gotten more information out of this idiot then she had in an entire month of surveillance and undercover work. All she had to do was get herself tied up. Too easy.
"Director Fury wants to see you in the observation room." Tony tried to object but the doctor was firm in his response. "Now."
"What do you mean 'why didn't I say anything?' I just found out!" Lara scoffed.
"This one." Steve took the file from her and flipped to the page that contained the line in brackets "redacted at the request of Mr. Stark." Looking over the paragraphs that proceeded and followed the line of text, Natasha kept an unreadable expression on her face. So, Steve was noticeably shocked when she spoke up.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I might have caught something that you missed," she said, but her defense came off weaker than it already was as a yawn forced its way-out mid-sentence.
"No," Steve said into his clasped fists. He balanced his elbows on his knees – one of which was bouncing – and he was leaning forward to press his fists against his lips. "It's actually worse." Natasha frowned.
"Well, I can sum that up in just one word," Bergeron said. "Nothing."
"Thanks," Conroy said as she stepped in the room. "I know I'm early but-" She stopped mid-sentence as she took in Tony's appearance. "No offense, but why do you look like an extra from
"Thor's back in his home realm of Asgard," he explained. "We don't have any way to contact him, otherwise we would have asked him to be here with us today."
"I don't wanna play outside," Rebecca said, stamping her feet. "I wanna go in!"
"Yeah," Steve said. "Just in case something happened."
"Natasha was angry when she came back to the table."
"You don't know that," Pepper said. "Tony, when I saw you this morning, you looked like you were on your deathbed and to hear that doctor suggest that you might have AIDS… Tony, you're still my friend. I don't want to lose you." Tony's expression softened.
"Nice to meet you," Steve said to the eyes that were glancing at him through the rearview mirror.
"Because I care about you," Steve said. "How many times do I have to say it before you believe me?"
Almost immediately after the thought occurred to him, a shiny glint of red caught his eye. Walking over to a series of tubes, wires, and metal parts that Tony had stacked up in one corner, Steve could see a familiar(ish) shape amidst whatever disassembled mess this was. Reaching in and freeing the piece of metal from the pile, Steve could see that it was his shield. Well, at least a replica of it. It's heavier weight and the layers of ripped-apart metal made it clear that it wasn't made of vibranium. Inspecting it carefully, Steve realized that it probably wouldn't work in the flying discus way he usually threw it, but it would still at the very least hold up if somebody tried to get between him and Tony.
Another thing he hadn't been expecting was the battalion of police cruisers swarming the parking lot of the Stark Industries complex. Tony quickly parked his car and rushed towards the building. Turning his phone back on, he saw he had missed calls from Pepper, the LA County Sherriff's Department, and at least three other numbers he didn't recognize.
"Oh, I'm sorry," Natasha said. "I almost forgot 'Vain.'"
"I'm not saying that," Rhodey said. "I'm just saying think about it rationally and talk to Pepper before you do anything rash."
"And you promise not to worry about me excessively during the day?" Steve frowned and this time properly opened his eyes.
"There is one thing I want to know though," he said.
"Seventeen," she shrugged. "It wasn't that big of a deal. I was already used to fending for myself – you must when no one can even notice that you might need help. Plus, I've always wanted to travel, so I did a bit of that. Paris, Milan, Hong Kong – you name it, I've been there. I learned how to control this "power" a bit; disappear only when I want to. Still, there are times when I can't get anyone to notice me no matter how hard I try, and it drives me up a freaking wall."
"Do you need help getting off the plane?" It was an easy question, but it took Tony an agonizingly long time to respond, but eventually he did in a small, almost defeated voice.
"Everyone told me about that," he said. "Peggy confirmed the story, though."
"So," she said. "We know that all of the Avengers seemingly work well together. Did you all know each other or get a chance to work together before the incident?"
Clint probably jinxed them all with that remark. As soon as he finished saying that, a massive energy burst came from the Tesseract, opening some sort of portal and causing a blinding flash of bright blue light to consume the room. When it faded, a figure was standing crouched on another platform that had been set up for testing purposes. A few S.H.I.E.L.D. agents carrying heavy machine guns approached the figure cautiously as it slowly looked up and gave a venomous smile. It was very clearly a man; one without good intentions. The man stood up and took stock of the room. At this point, Fury spoke up.
"He's out," Natasha shouted to the cops down the beach. "He's not going to get up! Cuff him but try to avoid actually touching his hands!" With that, two of the cops came running. Tony let out a sigh, glad that this was all finally over. He lifted the armor's faceplate and turned to Steve.
"I am, too," she said.
"Even so…" Tony took a deep breath before he brought himself to look Steve in the eyes again. "Also, just so you know, that's a two-way street. I know I'm a flaming hot mess and everything always comes down on me, but if you need anything, I'm there. I promise." Steve smiled.
"No," Rhodey said. "It just means you like seeing children mutilated and forced to preform for the entertainment of others."
"You and Romanoff pushed him too much and then walked away." Lara opened her mouth to protest, but Hill raised a hand to silence her. "I'm not blaming either of you. Stark is the one who drank to excess, but at the same time, nothing you did helped either. You told him off and when he didn't do what you wanted, you left him. You can see how that might make things worse, right?" Natasha nodded.
Ignoring how terrible he looked with the black bags under his eyes, Tony pulled the mirror back to open the medicine cabinet. He decided to top the whiskey off with a capful of NyQuil, figuring he could probably use the help falling asleep as well as staying asleep. After that, he rinsed his mouth out with both Listerine and water and took the extra step of brushing his teeth. He hoped that was enough to cover the scent of alcohol, but with Steve's enhanced senses he highly doubted it would make much of a difference.
"It's a kiss or I'm getting out of bed," Steve threatened.
"Maybe," Steve said. "You can check."
"What is Freeman doing?" Pepper wondered aloud, her eyes not leaving the screen.
Tony wasn't going to lie, he was scared that the HIV test was going to come back positive. The rational part of his brain was trying to argue that he had never taken intravenous drugs from anyone besides a doctor and he hadn't had sex in over a year. However, he still had that niggling little doubt in the back of his mind. What if it did come back positive? What if all the tests he took prior to this were wrong. It was a small chance, but with something as serious as AIDS involved, the small chances were always the scary ones.
"Alright then," he said. "What
"That was speaking to me."
"Yeah," Steve said. "I get it. That sounds like something she'd do."
"You're right," she admitted. "If it's not an inconvenience to you, would you like to stay so we can work out the details?" The smile that came across Freeman's face was rather uncanny. Rather begrudgingly, Agent Morse stepped to the side so he could walk into the room.
"Mr. Stark!" Tony looked up from where he was messing with his IV tube and gave a sort of half-dazed smile.
Remember kids, just don't buy Goop products, even the non-dangerous ones.
"I worked as a security guard at the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant back in the 90's," he explained. "My first week I got locked out of the control room and I didn't want to be fired for being so incompetent that I couldn't remember a stupid door code. The locks were Stark keypad locks with ten-digit codes. I entered every combination of numbers I could think of before I stumbled upon the factory override code."
"Couldn't agree more," he said.
"Everyone." Tony sighed. He couldn't argue with that.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 12/31/18
"Happy to oblige," he said. "Any place, any time."
"It's fine," he said. "You probably needed it." Steve nodded in agreement to that before pulling himself up to sit on the couch.
"Woke up," he explained. "Couldn't fall back to sleep."
"What about that party you and Stark threw?"
"We got to the bar," Natasha said. "Stark told me to get out of his sight, so I did."
"Oh?" Duran said. "And what, pray tell, would that be?"
"The move him in with the RCMP," Salinas said. "That's their job, isn't it; to keep an eye on things?"
"But what?" Tony could feel Steve's hand rubbing up and down his back. He took a moment to remind himself of Steve's promise before taking a deep breath.
"To do my job?" Natasha shook her head in disbelief.
"No," he said again. "I can't. That's why I said it was irrational."
"Wow," Carol remarked. "No wonder he's completely tanked."
Smith then took a step back and allowed Drew to continue down the stairs. Drew made it down to the bottom step within a minute or so, but by the time she did she was completely out of breath. She held on to the banister as she turned to face Carol and Tony.
Remember kids, the plot needs what the plot needs.
"It creates a sense of equality," Adoniram explained.
"Did she say that?" Tony asked.
"Probably not," Natasha said. "Although I do have some apologies to make." Tony nodded in agreement.
"Did you have a nightmare?" he asked.
"Yeah." Steve nodded and offered Tony a hand up, which he took.
"Shit," Tony muttered. Already, it didn't sound good. "We better get out of here, then."
The board did not like this because it made it seem like SI was admitting culpability to what happened when it was clearly S.H.I.E.L.D. and the Avenger's mess. Tony was adamant about doing it, though. He as an individual had played a part in all the damage that was caused and all the lives that were lost. Because of that, he was going to use all the resources at his disposal – including SI – to try to fix as much of it as he could. Many of the board members backed off on that once they saw the positive effects their part in the recovery effort had on the stocks.
"Good morning, Mr. Stark," she said without preamble. "I hope I haven't run late." Tony looked at her like she had three heads.
"Oh, hell no," he said. "I'm not driving seven-hundred miles to fucking New York. No way, no how. You couldn't pay me enough."
"Please, Tony," Steve implored. "You need to sit down, at least for a minute."
"Well, as I said, we started off at the gala," she said. "Then I noticed that Tony was drunk and making people around him uncomfortable, so I took it upon myself to remove him from the situation. In hindsight, I was probably too pushy and that caused him to lash out at me."
Originally posted on 12/2/19.
Still, Loki's eyes couldn't help but drift to the gem at the center of his scepter. Supposedly, it was a part of the Tesseract, or at least powered by it. Loki didn't believe that, though. Whenever he reached out to it with his magic, it felt much different than the Tesseract did. The Tesseract felt smooth, swirling, with a slight current to it; almost like water draining through a funnel or an interstellar vortex. The gem in his staff, though… It felt much different. It felt rough, twisted, churning… It made him think of the roots of an old, gnarled tree only much less tangible than that. It also felt like fire and electricity… He had seen Thor strike down an opponent once with a bolt of lightning and immediately after the unconscious person fell backward into a burning pit below. How he had imagined the pain of that was exactly how that gem felt. It struck both fascinated awe and unimaginable terror into Loki at the same time.
"Finally!" her friend exclaimed. "I've been waiting for you to call for half the day!"
"That's all," Pepper said. "Then why didn't you say that in your text?"
She grabbed him by the wrist and started pulling him towards the door. He didn't immediately resist. He was somehow just aware enough of his surroundings to know that starting a scene in front of such a crowd wasn't a good idea. He waited until they were out in the hall and out of view of other people to pull his wrist back. Lara's grip broke rather easily and once he freed the limb, Tony cradled it against his chest protectively.
"God, yes!"
"Alright," he said. "But if office supplies go missing, we know who the culprit is." Pepper raised an eyebrow and had trouble keeping the laughter out of her voice.
"Seriously?" Carol said as she raised an eyebrow. Tony sighed.
"What kind of situation?" Carol asked. "The kind a girl should have gotten paged for?" Fury shook his head.
Smiling like a kid in a candy store, Tony started taking cases of whatever alcohol was in the fridge and started stacking them into a tower on the floor. Pushing the tower forward and careful not to send it all crashing down, Tony inched it over to the cash register. It was a slow process, but he managed to do it. Although, before he let the cashier start ringing up his purchases, Tony ran back and got two more bottles and a bag of M+Ms. What? He was hungry. The cashier raised an eyebrow.
Once again, I'm sorry about this. I'm not abandoning this story. I will be back on September First. Thank you for understanding.
"Like what?" Steve shook his head and shrugged.
"This is good," he said. "I'll have to ask Natasha how she made this later."
The world was ending again. At least, that was the impression Tony got when he saw the sheer number of cop cars and news vans surrounding the Tower. His eyes immediately went up to the sky, scanning it carefully for portals with sky-whales and Chitauri soldiers spilling out of it. Thankfully, nothing of the sort happened, but that didn't quell any of the alarm that was building up inside Tony.
"You know what, save your excuses for someone who cares," Dr. Holcomb said. "That's not my problem. What is my problem being that when I just got done talking to you about how serious your condition is, you go gallivanting off and jeopardizing your already fragile condition by encountering who-knows how many pathogens? Were you even listening to me when I told you that aplastic anemia essentially reduces your immune system to nothing and that contact with the average cold or flu virus could cause you to become extremely ill or kill you? In fact, you're lucky you got back here in time for us to bring your fever down before any permanent or serious damage was done. A few degrees more and your brain would have been like a hard-boiled egg. Plus, you wasted the time of our staff searching for you after your girlfriend told us that you had gone missing. I hope you're happy with yourself."
Remember kids, always save everything to the cloud.
"I hope she knows she left her laptop and all of her other crap here," Tony remarked once she was gone.
The first thing Pepper had noticed was off was that she could hear the TV on in Tony's room and the volume on it was blasting. Tony was supposed to be resting and he never turned the sound up that loud. The second thing she noticed that was off was that someone was speaking French in the room. Tony knew French, but Pepper knew his voice wasn't that feminine. Pushing the door open, Pepper saw Lara sitting on the edge of the bed, talking on her cell phone while inspecting her nails. The sensor on her right index finger made it clear what she was doing.
"Fury didn't tell me he was calling you in," he said.
"Nothing would have, and nothing will," Natasha assured.
"I hate to admit it," Romanoff said. "But he does have a point."
"I don't think that's a good idea," Steve had to say. Pepper's eyes narrowed, and her mouth opened, but Steve cut her off before she could say anything. "I mean Tony going straight to work. I'll gladly leave if you want me to, but I just thought you should know that Tony's been running a fever for most of the night and all of this morning." Immediately her expression turned to puzzlement.
Just as he was questioning that, Loki heard the whining start back up and a bolt of pain shot through his head. Bringing his hand up to cradle the affected area, Loki had found it was the same spot the Other had touched him during their psychic conference. His eyes went wide in realization and he quickly put his hands down and calmly waited for the noise to stop and the throbbing to cease. Luckily, within a few seconds, it did just that. Loki swallowed hard.
No one was home when he got there, so he sat on the front steps and waited for someone to come back. It took a while, but eventually, a blue Nisan pulled up in the driveway and Lorraine stepped out of the car. He looked exactly how he imagined Joyce would look at this age, but skinnier, angrier, and with longer hair. He got up and started to approach her.
"My chest," she gasped out. "My head and my back…" Fury got up and put a hand on her back looking like he was trying to decide whether hitting her back would be helpful. Carol, meanwhile, tapped the screen of her wrist display and did a scan of Jessica's body. When the results came back, Carol raised her eyebrows in surprise.
"Holy smokes!" she exclaimed once she came to the realization that she had a real, rough sapphire stone attached to her back fence.
After the commotion of intubating Barton had died down and the doctors had retreated from the room, things became far to eerily quiet. Tony understood that Barton was intubated and unable to talk. Having been in that position before, Tony knew how much it sucked. He knew he could try to talk to Barton anyway – at least to attempt to entertain and/or distract him from the horrible situation he was in – but Tony found himself in a bit of a compromising position.
"No one knows," Fury said. "Stark said he believed it was taken by Fenhoff while Stark was under the influence of his mind-control, but neither the SSR nor S.H.I.E.L.D. was able to verify that. For all, we know it could still be locked away in some hidden vault in Stark Industries. Either way, if he was willing to go that far to ensure he maintained access to Rogers' blood, I'm sure he would have done the same with Rogers' medical files."
"Yeah." Bruce sounded surprised. "Why wouldn't I?" Lara shrugged.
"Oh my God, he's alive!"
I hope you guys are still enjoying this story and aren't mad that this chapter was entirely OCs. (Well, one character from the comics, one character I've taken from lonelygirl15 and put my twist on, and one OC, but still I doubt you've recognized which is which.) This chapter is meant to serve as a bridge of sorts to what's coming next, so hopefully, you don't mind.
"You don't think I don't know that?" he rhetorically questioned. "Because I spent the past week and a half recovering and I'm sick of it. I want to be able to do something other than stare at the same four walls and ceiling all day. I want to do my job."
"No one did because I'm not." He looked over to his left. "Steve?"
"Possibly," Romanoff said. "I'm still looking into it. Let's see… Served in the Essex County DA's office… Married with two daughters… Oh, this is interesting."
"It's alright," she said.
"Boss didn't say he was bringing anyone back with him." Steve heard Tony mumble something but couldn't make out what he said. "How much has he had to drink?"
"Gah!" Tony shook his hand to stabilize it. Somehow, it worked. "Look, it's not like I have much of a choice. I'll be lucky if this suit lasts until we reach the tower. I already have plans drawn up for the MK9, all I need to do is buy myself a few minutes while JARVIS assembles it. Once I've gotten my new suit and gotten out of there, the rest of the plan's yours, Winghead. You're calling the shots."
"I wouldn't worry about that!" Betty called down the hall before turning back to Bruce. "So, how have you been?" Betty held out her hand and Bruce took it.
"Still, doesn't it seem odd…" Clint heard the bedroom door creak open. It was shortly followed by a sharp gasp.
"So, what are you guys doing for dinner?" she asked.
"Nor does it you," Natasha said.
"Hell no, you shouldn't have!" He raked his hand through his hair in frustration. "What if there's a silent alarm wired in the lock? What if you just tripped it? Christ, Oswin, what were you thinking?"
"Well, I mean yes," Adoniram said. "We failed in our main objective in turning the media against the Avengers, but we sowed enough seeds of distrust in there for us to work with. Particularly with that disappearing act, Stark did on Monday."
"I'm sorry," Steve said. "Isn't everything?" If Thor didn't speak up, Tony would have let out all his building rage against Steve right then and there.
Steve had to keep himself from laughing. He knew who Stephen Hawking was. He'd heard Tony mention the guy a few times and he was a featured article on Wikipedia at one point. He just liked seeing people's baffled faces when they realized he didn't get the reference. It was even better when the person he was talking to didn't know he was displaced sixty years in time. However, Steve kept himself from laughing and just gave Coulson a small nod of understanding.
" Steve rushed out to grab his shoulder and stop him from blindly walking into the street. Tony tried to shrug him off.
"Anywhere from two days to two weeks." Jessica let out a groan, but the doctor was unphased. It was clear she was used to dealing with difficult patients. "I brought everything I might need with me. Would you mind getting her to a bed?"
"Ah, that wasn't what I was implying," Bruce said. "Or at least not that salacious, but that's good to know." Tony shot Bruce a look that said not to even try to continue the conversation from there, and the other scientist obliged. Tony was thankful for that. Not for his sake, but for Steve's. Instead, Bruce went to one of the holographic screens and started hitting buttons. "The guy's not wrong about Loki, though. He does have the jump on us."
"Aren't that what phones do already?" Tony shook his head.
"Listen," he said. "I know I probably could have done more to stop him, but I don't think it would have mattered anyway. Tony had his mind set on going after this guy and nothing was going to stop him. Just like how I have my mind set on helping Tony and nothing is going to stop me."
Oh yes, Tony noticed as soon as she set the paper down in front of him. There were some cells that maintained the normal, rigid, round look, but the majority were elongated and amorphous in shape. He almost immediately knew what this was.
"Move away please." Loki smirked. There was the backup he had been expecting. He had the illusion slowly back away. "You like this?" The agent – Coulson was what the Hawkeye identified him as – stepped closer to the illusion, holding a large gun. "We started working on the prototype after you sent the Destroyer. Even I don't know what it does." Coulson hit a button on the side of the gun. An orange light started emitting from it and it hummed to life.
Well, that is unless the person in question has a tack. That could certainly burst a bubble like that.
"Why don't you help your sister?" she asked him.
"Let's not forget the risk of infection," Natasha said. "If you went down there with all of those people, you would have run a very high risk of getting sick and setting your recovery back to square one." Clint let out an exasperated groan.
"Speaking of Agents Barton and Romanoff, what do you know of their relationship with each other?" Tony frowned and narrowed his eyes.
"'We're either going to stop this or we'll die trying,'" Tony said. "That's what was going through my head for the most part and at certain points where it looked like the later was what was going to happen."
I don't know what's wrong with me. I just can't focus on writing this story anymore. Maybe it's because I've been going at it non-stop for almost two years? I haven't taken a break or written anything else in that time because I've been so persistent on finishing it, and I'm scared if I do take a break and write something else, I'll never come back to this. I don't want to leave people hanging, but I also don't know what else I can do. As of right now, I'm writing Chapter Fifty-Five and I've been at it for almost a month. I can't get myself to focus on the story. I don't want to leave people hanging, but just be aware that's what might happen.
"You gonna give me a lift?" Clint turned to Tony and asked. Tony walked over and grabbed him by the quiver.
"Oh," he said as he began to rub his forehead. "Sorry, I…"
As they stood backstage, waiting for the presenter to come out and give them their cue to enter, Tony couldn't help but brush the back of his hand against Steve's. He hated this; not being able to touch or kiss his boyfriend even though that he desperately needed the comfort. He could still do little things like that, though, and he felt the tiniest bit reassured when Steve brushed his hand back. That would have to suffice for now.
that," Steve said. "I just said that I got it, but I still think she could've been a little more controlled than she was."
Tony paused. He honestly couldn't think of anything negative to say about him. Sure, he had heard Howard talk up the guy for years and sure, as a kid Tony might have resented Steve for that, but now? After meeting him, Tony couldn't think of anything bad to say about the guy. Okay, he could think of some superficial things. Steve's teeth were a little too perfect and he didn't like kale, but things like that hardly mattered.
"If you're done, would you mind sitting back down? I'd hate to make you." Sharpton gave Natasha a nasty look but complied. "Good. Now, if you wouldn't mind telling us who else involved in your plot…"
"Did the Kree tell you that?" Jessica had to resist the urge to laugh at the way Carol's face scrunched up.
"What is this?"
Carol promptly hung up the phone and spun on her heel. Spotting one of the pamphlets lying discarded on the floor just a few feet away, she scooped it up before rushing out of the store. The clerk shouted something at her as she left, but she didn't pay him any mind. Instead, the focused on the neatly printed address on the pamphlet's front cover.
"Hello Mr. Stark, Agent Barton," he said. "I'm Dr. John Wayne." Both Clint and Stark's expressions grew alarmed. "Like the actor, not the serial killer. If it makes you feel any better, know I was born a year before he was caught."
"Yeah," Stark said. "But it'll be better for them. They'll get over it faster."
"And that's all even now, right?" Tony furrowed his brow.
"Steve," he said. "I'm forty-one years old. I've been drinking since I was nine. That's thirty-two years of unfettered addiction. That's tough to break."
"How do you know the pin? I never told you." Pepper raised an eyebrow.
"Yeah," Tony said. "Yeah. I just really want to lie down."
"No problem," Cabe assured. "Will you be okay to go home?"
"She did?" Lara nodded in confirmation, giving a little "mm-hm." "What did she say exactly?"
When you grow up being told something is wrong or bad – no matter whether the thing in question truly is wrong or bad – the stigma of it tends to stick with you for a long time, sometimes even the rest of your life. When Steve was a child, homosexuality was illegal. If you got caught or were publicly outed, an arrest was the
Although he had only been working there for less than a week, it was rather easy for Knežević to fall into a routine. That routine being standing there from 4 PM to 2 AM every day and glaring at the television set as it changed from the news to a sports game to more news to the late night talk shows and back to finish off the night with yet another dose of news. Occasionally he'd have to hand a customer or two a beer, but other than that, things were usually quiet. At one point he questioned whether this bar was a front for something but decided that it probably wasn't a good idea to think about that too much. They hadn't asked questions, so neither should he.
"I'm going to be fine." Natasha opened her mouth to reprimand his use of the f-word, but Clint beat her to it. "Ah, ah," he said. "I said 'going to be' that implies that I plan to be in the future, not denying that I'm not fine now." The corners of Nat's lips raised into a smirk.
"Well, we had an enraged Asgardian try to steal the Tesseract," Fury explained. "His name was Loki. He put one of our top agents and our leading scientist under his spell and attempted to use the Tesseract to summon an army of massive proportions to invade the Earth. Stark is part of a team established to protect the Earth from such threats."
"He has a wheelchair, doesn't he?" Tony asked.
Before he could stop himself, Steve found that he was wrapping his arms around Tony's waist. He expected Tony to try and push him away, so he was surprised when Tony returned the embrace. It was warm, and comforting, making Steve not ever want to let go.
after all." Freeman then turned and headed to the dining room. All three pairs of eyes watched him until he was around the corner.
doing that, don't you?" Natasha gave a non-committal shrug.
"Sure, you were," Bruce said not quite convinced. "Wait, Secret Service?"
"So, thanks for the lift back there," he said sarcastically. "Really was a huge favor. Saved me a lot of trouble." Tony didn't even look over at him.
"Just come out when you're ready to talk. I'll be waiting." Steve tilted his head back and squeezed his eyes shut. All he could do was wonder what in God's name was he supposed to do next.
"What did you hit?" The HR rep turned to look back at him.
"Did you tell her about…"
"Listen, Stark…" He cut her off before she could say anything more.
"Think about it," Adoniram said. "We have an ex-Stark employee on our hands, and not only do we have plausible grounds for a wrongful termination lawsuit, but we also have access to a literal treasure-trove of Stark Industries secrets. We can expose all of them."
over here." As he gestured over to the woman lying across the couch, a groan escaped her lips.
It was clear that the Other had some sort of connection to the gem. That's how Loki had been psychically pulled in to the conversation, and he could imagine that was how the other was able to harm him even though he was only a mere illusionary image. That… Loki didn't even want to think about all the horrible scenarios that could go along with such a thought. Instead, he got up and got back to work. His plan was far from being completed and he would get nothing accomplished if he just sat on his ass all day.
It took only a few moments for Stark to completely empty the contents of his stomach onto the ground and when he was done, he was left raggedly panting. Jessica was hesitant to approach him, unsure if it would be safe to do so. However, Stark quickly got to his feet on his own, which Jess took as a good sign. She quickly moved to help support him.
Steve's mother had called for a doctor to come and look at him, but the man hadn't recommended anything she wasn't already doing; just fluids and rest. However, things were getting bad. Steve could barely take a breath without hacking up his lungs. Even though she knew they couldn't afford another hospital bill right now, it was looking more and more like she had no other choice.
"Uh," Betty said as she raised her hand in an awkward wave. "Hi, Bruce." Bruce gave her a slightly nervous, slightly shy smile.
Those were the two most conflicting statements in the entire S.H.I.E.L.D. file on Anthony Edward Stark. How could someone be both approved and rejected at the same time? It was like someone who only reads things they've already read. It didn't make sense. However, those kinds of inconsistencies seemed to be abundant in almost all the files Steve had read so far. At least in Tony's files there weren't entire paragraphs blacked out by long, thin bars. The only section that seemed to be tampered with was one line in brackets that read "redacted at the request of Mr. Stark." As far as Steve could tell, that was the only thing that had been edited out, so it led him to wonder what was so bad that Tony would request S.H.I.E.L.D. to remove it from their files on him.
"How can I be sure you'll hold up your end of the deal?" He asked.
"I'm sorry?"
"Beer it is then." Knežvić got her a beer from the fridge, then went back to scrubbing the same spot on the rough wood of the bar while he listened to whatever drivel the station decided to put on before the news.
"Captain." The woman's eyes narrowed in annoyance at being cut off.
"Do what?"
"How did you even get involved with a guy like that?" Almost as soon as the question left his mouth, Bruce wished he hadn't asked it. He hadn't considered how she might react and worried that he might have offended her. Instead, she gave a humorless laugh.
"You're right," Betty said excitedly.
Okay, he was avoiding the issue. Not only was he going out of his way to distract himself, but he was also kind of avoiding talking to Pepper. He could admit that at the same time, though, he couldn't push himself to stop it. The only way he could see that ending was with him doing something stupid or with a fight. He thought maybe he should talk to someone about this, but he already talked to both Rhodey and Steve and he didn't feel like he had made much headway. He just felt like he was talking himself in circles. Nothing was getting solved and sadly, Tony was starting to think nothing could be solved. It was kind of disheartening…
"What do we do?" Clint asked.
"We'll be glad to."
"Sorry." It was clear he automatically thought she was referring to the incident on the Hellicarrier.
"Stay at your brother's house," he said. "Do whatever you need to get done that you couldn't get to this weekend." What he was saying clicked with Lara.
"That all could be true," she said. "But even if it is, I think you should look at this as an opportunity."
"He'll be fine," she assured. "He just needs to rest. In fact, I think his symptoms will go away if he just gets some sleep. The only problem is that he doesn't believe me when I say that there's nothing physically wrong with him."
"Listen, I don't want to do anything to hurt you," he lied. "Just go to the police over there and turn yourself in. End this all right now before more people get hurt." Knežević laughed in response.
The anxiety started to retreat, though, once he got off the elevator and Wylie led him to a room off to the side of the lobby where they found an exasperated Hill and a smug-looking Tony. In fact, it started disappearing as soon as his eyes landed on Tony. He tried not to smile as he took in the other man's appearance. He looked a little paler than when he saw him last, but nothing too alarming. The three-piece suit looked a little warm for August, but it was undeniable how good he looked in it. Sexy, even. Steve shook his head a little bit to get rid of the thought as Tony held out his hand for him to shake.
“We’re not.”
“The baklava,” Tony gestures to the forgotten desserts on the table. “It tastes good. Really good.”
are and it courses through Tony’s veins like a drug.
“I mean, you’re always here. But we’re not always
Steve doesn’t need to be told twice.
“You can bring a picture of your favourite goat, and in exchange for your cooperation I’ll take a look at your arm and see if I can make you something new.”
The ache in his chest is back, radiating low and constant until it spread down his arm and into his wrist. The last thing that he wants to do is yell, so he absently rubs at the scar on his chest, clenching and unclenching his fingers. Trying to ignore how Steve’s eyes clock the movement, he gives a sharp shake of his head when Steve leans into him, reaching out as if he’s going to try and wrap him in his arms.
Tony lingers behind him, fingers slipping down the back of his neck to massage at his shoulders, and Steve relaxes into the touch. He drifts on the thoughts of how easy things have been. There were so many times they could’ve broken. Maybe at times they’ve bent but they’ve never snapped.
The wet tip of Tony’s tongue teases the head of his cock, making Steve gasp. “Tony, please.”
What he couldn’t find himself, JARVIS was only too willing to order for him.
You’d think it was the funniest thing that’d ever happened to him with the way Clint cackled until his eyes watered, wiping away the tears that slip free from the corners. Tony just glared and Steve felt immediately awful, really, he did, because this was only ever about making Tony smile.
Steve makes a valiant attempt to keep up, sliding his tongue into Tony’s mouth but Tony forces him back. Tilting his head up with both hands in his hair, he yanks hard and the throaty moan that rips from Steve’s throat bolts straight to his cock.
When Tony finally sees them, it’s two days later which appears to have been just enough time for everyone to have readjusted, but not enough time for Tony to be able to yank himself out of his massive hangover. It’s actually a couple massive hangovers because he doesn’t start from scratch, he just starts reinvesting in the buzz midday.
“Thanks man I love you”
“Oh my God you're alive”
“Yeah dad I know trust me, I’m fine.” Peter faked a smile.
“What the hell is going on here?” Natasha yelled over both of them and for the first time they realized everyone else in the room. Suddenly Tony felt even more uneasy.  “Actually I don’t wanna hear it Steve your room now” Natasha demanded like an angry mother. Tony turned to Bruce and Thor, his eyes instantly softening.
“Well your ass better go back and get him” the stranger sassed.
*                          •                            •
After stopping by at most of the exhibits the twins grew irritated, “Sirena! Sirena!” They cried in unison.
Rhodey’s demeanor switched completely. “Who Tony?” He was pissed.
“Let me know if you need anything,alright?” Clint smiled nudging him.
“Thank you” he managed to say hiding himself deeper into his baseball cap. His eyes wandered back to the tv, it was another videoof him. He hated it, constantly being under the public eye having people you thought were friends post content of you on the internet for five seconds of fame and a pretty buck. He hated it.
“Fine. ” Tony swallowed harshly “I’m fine. Always.”
“Yep anything”
and sad.
“Thank you” Tony grabbed the clothes Steve handed to him.
Tony looked down with tears welling in his honey brown eyes and shook his head, “no” he mumbled. His voice cracking in attempt to prevent a sob from escaping his bruised lips. Doctor Hill nodded sadly before writing on her clipboard, Tony hadn’t even noticed it was in her lap the whole time. Then Doctor Hill began to explain what testings proccesss was like and what Tony would have to go through. Tony has never felt more disgusting.
“I mean it has its perks but it’s not like it’s that great. Ya know how everything has it’s pros and cons I guess but maybe I’m just being spoiled I guess. Like I would personally say the cons outweigh the pros but I mean it’s my personal view. Sure there’s the other side who haven’t had a bad day in their life and well obviously well maybe not obviously I’m not one of them. But I guess I have it pretty good I really shouldn’t be complaining. I get to invent things I like because I can buy the stuff and that’s always nice, science is nice it keeps me busy. Like the new project I’m working on helps make everyday tasks simpler but it’s kind of dumb at the same ti-“ Steve began chucking fondly at Tony. His pupils were huge as he happily ranted away about science, Steve wasn’t expecting this much personality from him. “Hey thats not very nice” this time Tony was blushing.
"You've got to level out." He could hear Natasha filling a glass of water. "It's gonna take time."
"I know guys with none of that worth ten of you." Tony wanted to point out that those guys were dead guys, but he couldn't be that petty. Not unless he was provoked. "I've seen the footage. Hell, I've seen you in action myself. The only thing you really fight for is yourself. You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you."
Remember kids, no one has to know what we do. His hands are in my hair, his clothes are in my room...
"Calm down," Freeman said. "We all did great today. Sure we had a few bumps…" Tony scoffed at that and for the first time in the past two days, Freeman looked something other than calmly optimistic. "…But it's nothing to upset ourselves about. Tomorrow will be better."
"No idea," He said. "Last, I remember it was in the inner pocket of my blazer, but I have no idea what happened to that."
Before he could slide the device back into his jacket pocket, his phone chimed with another incoming text from Tony. This one was just a simple ":D." Steve had no idea what it stood for and just assumed that Tony had somehow made a mistake while texting. He slid the phone back into his pocket and began wandering around New York, trying to find something he could do until eight o'clock rolled around.
As frustrating as it was, neither had given up. Betty was observing the powder through the magnifying lenses while Bruce was researching, trying to find out as much as he could about different biological weapons. It was silent with neither of them speaking. That was until Betty let out a cry of "Oh my God!" Within seconds Bruce was on his feet, rushing over to her.
"With all due respect Miss Potts," Fair said. "Miss Conroy is Miss
"Do you even need to ask?" Tony turned around so he was fully facing Steve and their lips collided within moments. The kiss was very chaste, but both were very reluctant to pull away, especially since this was the first kiss they'd had in almost a week. However, like all good things, it had to come to an end – this time in a comedic way as the elevator doors began to close on Tony, who had taken his arms away from the door to wrap them around Steve's shoulders. Tony let out a little yelp as he pulled back and pushed the door open again.
"Listen," Tony said. "I was drunk. Nothing I said to you or about you meant anything. Understand?" Lara nodded.
"No one knows it was him?" Steve asked, incredulously.
And now the moment you've all been waiting for...
She hid in an alleyway only a few blocks down from the Church's Outreach Center. She was afraid someone would take notice of her if she got any closer. Also, she had a few stops to make before she tried to approach. One of them was to the dollar store directly across the street from where she had chosen to camp out.
"Did they even check to see if you sustained a burn?" he asked. "They put gauze on your face and that'll just make it worse. You're supposed to let a burn breathe."
With a few parting words to Cranston, the five of them were walking out of the office at a far brisker pace than when they came in. Despite the situation, Steve wasn't deterred from falling into step beside Tony and gently placing a hand on the small of his back.
"Conroy just drop the damn knife," Tony said, catching Lara's attention. "I really don't want to fire you for stabbing one of my friends." With that, Lara's eyes went wide, and the knife fell from her hand. She turned, saw Tony there, and let out an audible sigh of relief.
"That's great," Bruce said.
"That actually does help a bit," Clint murmured.
"I didn't text her back," she said, allowing herself to speak a little faster, but still being careful of how she pronounced each word. "I am not texting someone I have never met. Not now. Why would you do that?" Bruce's face scrunched in confusion.
"Yeah," he said. "That's not necessarily romantic, is it?"
After he got out of the shower, Steve had to explain the events of the night to Hill. It was hard, especially when he had to explain his fight with Tony. Out of respect for his boyfriend, Steve didn't elaborate on some of the things Tony had told him, specifically the stuff about Howard. Thankfully, Hill didn't press too much on that issue and Steve had a feeling that Natasha – who had been sitting next to him – might have had something to do with that.
When he woke up, they had already arrived at the tower. Steve had a hand on his shoulder and was nudging him carefully. Tony smiled at the sight of his boyfriend being so gentle, and he got a smile in return. Steve helped him out of the car, keeping him steady until he touched down on the cement floor of the parking garage underneath the tower.
"She survived being exposed once," Hill said. "I'm sure she can survive it again." Tony wanted to point out how unlikely it was for a person's immune system to be able to fight of diseases as dangerous as Ebola and H5N1, but for the sake of everyone's sanity, he decided it would be best not to bring that up, especially right now.
"Tony, quiet down," Steve said. "We're in a hotel."
"Do you want me to do something to make this easier on you?" Steve asked. "Make you breakfast, perhaps?" Out of everything he could have said, that got Tony sitting up faster than anything else could.
Honestly, there wasn't much interesting there. All the envelopes were addressed to "Tony Stark" or some variation. (Anthony Stark, Anthony E. Stark, Anthony Edward Stark, A. E. Stark, Iron Man, etc.) so it wasn't like he could open it. That would be a federal crime. However, there was one letter that caught his attention; one that was addressed to the Avengers.
"Come on," she said. "I said I was sorry, right?"
"Don't," Romanoff said. "Don't lie to me. We both know it. You're drunk and based off your demeanor; you've had more than two glasses of wine. What's going on?"
She had a kettle brewing on the stove and was patiently waiting for her bagel to pop out of the toaster when her guest finally stirred. She watched as the older man sat up on the couch and stretched out.
Once the car pulled into the driveway, Tony could finally feel himself relax a little bit, but he was up and out of the car before Natasha had a chance to kill the engine. He heard Steve call after him, but he ignored it. He had to take account of everything, ASAP.
"Partially," Adoniram confirmed. "Unification is important, but there's only one true way we can all be saved."
"I don't know," he said. "I really can't explain it. It's me, but it's not me at the same time. Does that make any sense?"
"What?" Lara said, taking a step back to allow Freeman to come in. "What happened?" The man didn't elaborate; just spoke over her.
"My apologies, Sir," JARVIS said. "But there seems to be a matter with your health that requires your urgent attention."
"Yeah, yeah," Tony said. "See you in a minute." The video feed back to Pepper cut out and the mechanisms to take apart the Iron Man suit came to life around Tony. Slowly, he stepped off the platform and the machinery began to take apart his armor bit by bit.
"Now you can look." Turning back around, Tony saw the door hanging open, the lock having been blown off. He looked back to Natasha, who was clearly unphased by the angry expression on his face.
"Fine," she said. "But if she passes out, I'm not carrying her back up the stairs."
"Alright," Lara said. "Thank you for this wonderful opportunity…"
"Can't say I blame him either," Fury said.
Looking around, Carol found the place to be just as drab as the foyer. The walls were painted a painfully bright shade of white, while the floor tiles were an off-putting yellowed brown color and were eroding away from years of wear and tear. The place was almost completely utilitarian, with no decorations, photos, or posters hanging on the walls. The only thing that served to detract from the main lobby's dreariness was a mural painted onto one of the walls.
"You said that 'drinking makes you better,'" he said. "That you don't have nightmares or flashbacks when you're drunk."
"Is Steve still out there?" Tony found himself asking.
Rubbing his eyes and looking away for a second, Adoniram was able to confirm that what he saw was real. He glanced over at Margot to see that whatever it was had caught her attention, too. Although it was hard to tell from this perspective, Adoniram was able to make out that the light was coming from the newly-constructed Stark Tower or some other building within that vicinity. At first, he thought it might be some sort of freaky, holographic light show set up by Tony Stark to celebrate the building's completion, that was until a massive hole opened in the sky and creatures on hoverbikes started descending from the sky. Although he had never seen them himself, he instantly recognized them from his many sessions with the shard over the years. These were the Chitauri; actual aliens from outer space.
Remember kids, always take your Prozac on time. You will not believe how terrible you will feel if you don't.
Natasha pivoted on her left foot and brought her right around to strike the inside of Steve's knee. If it wasn't for the sheer surprise that she could kick that hard, Steve probably wouldn't have fallen forward and let go of her arm. Not that he wanted to keep holding her back anyway. Tony was already gone, and it was just the sheer shock of what had just happened that kept him rooted to the spot and his hand tight around the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent's arm.
"Nope," Bergeron said, popping the "p." "Everything came back clean as a whistle." Duran let out a groan of frustration.
"Good morning Mr. Stark," she said pleasantly enough, holding out a hand to him. "It's lovely to see you again. How are you?"
Quickly saying their goodbyes, Fury, Hill, and Carol left. Steve collected Tony up into his arms again, and this time he lifted him off the couch. Tony would have wrapped his arms around Steve's neck, but he would have to let go of the blanket he had taken from Salinas' house (which yes, he still had) and he was cold, so he didn't want to do that. Steve started carrying Tony through the living area and towards the bedroom. Natasha cut in front of them to open the door. From there, she also pulled back the sheets on the mattress. Steve set Tony down on the space Nat made and pulled the covers back over him. Carefully, he straightened the sheets.
"Know what?" he said, his voice quivering.
Thank you to mfaerie32 on FFN for the review! It really means a lot!
"No 'buts,'" Clint said. "You're a
"Let me ask you, do you have a job?" Knežević felt a nervous twinge in the pit of his stomach.
"The first interview is at one-thirty." Pepper began gathering a few miscellaneous files from her desk. "I have a meeting that can't be postponed any longer. I'll see you then.
"My name is Steve Rogers. You know me better as Captain America." The crowd started cheering and clapping. Tony noticed that Steve's cheeks turned a little pink and the corners of his lips rose up. "A detail about myself… I really like Earl Grey tea." Much like Clint, he shrugged as if he wasn't sure what else to say. The crowd made another noise of amusement before all eyes were on Tony.
"How did you sleep?" Tony's own smile widened.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony didn't know about this. Mostly because it pretty much went to the back of Steve's mind after the first time it happened. There wasn't much of a need for Steve to think about it. Every time he'd seen Tony they'd either be alone or in the company of Pepper, Rhodey, and/or Lara. All of them had proven to be trustworthy to Steve. Pepper and Lara had figured it out for themselves (mostly because they walked in on Steve and Tony
"Yes," Dr. Rawls confirmed. "However, your records show that you weren't anemic before and you have no history of anemia of any sort in your family. This leads me to believe you have acquired aplastic anemia. This can happen in a number of ways, notable exposure to certain toxins or nuclear radiation."
"You didn't let anything happen," Rhodey assured. "Someone went behind your back and did this. Did you even see the beginning of the tape?"
"No Clint," Natasha said. "You're staying in your own room and watching that dog."
"Okay,
"Really," she said. "Is that what your girlfriend calls you?"
"Yeah, but you've never had me before," Tony pointed out. "You don't understand what you've gotten into. I mean, I'm
Oswin thought.
"What?" he eventually forced out.
"It's another ten-digit Stark lock," she observed. "I'll try that code again and see if that works." Knežević watched as she set the phone down again and the screen went black. He heard her enter the code a few times and curse when it didn't work. "I don't think that code works with this door. Sorry."
She quickly followed it up with a text message to Coulson.
"How is putting off furnishing an apartment forcing myself to suffer needlessly?" Lara was surprised by how genuinely confused he seemed to be.
"What does that mean, sir?" Hill asked.
"Rogers," Fury said, clearly none too pleased. "We gathered everything related to the Tesseract. This does not mean that we're making…"
Stepping across to the other side of the room, Steve stood across from the doctor, her wide, dark brown eyes drilled directly into him the seriousness of her words.
However, he didn't pull up the flashlight app. Instead, he found himself opening his contacts and tapping on one of the few names contained within. The phone only rang twice before there was an answer.
Adoniram moved to sit in the armchair he usually sat in when there were meetings in his study. Salinas and Freeman arrived rather quickly, with Salinas careful to shut the door behind him. When he turned around, anger clearly marred his face.
"Eh, it was worth a…" Before Tony could finish that sentence, the holographic screens lit up and started flashing, indicating that it had found a match.
So, Steve panicked. The self-preservation instincts in his mind were telling him that if S.H.I.E.L.D. caught on to Steve's feelings, they'd be in trouble. Rather than risking his and – more importantly – Tony's safety, the best thing he could think to do was try to remain detached. It was painful, but it's what was necessary for survival. At least, that's how he figured it in his mind.
"I'm sorry," Oswin said. "I guess we should have thought this through a little more and came up with a solid plan before we started taking shots of Patron."
"Hello again." She set the Gatorade down on the side table. "I got you this."
Tony hesitated a moment. Something about this just didn't feel right. As a means of stalling, he picked up the glass of water and took a sip. There was something wrong with the texture of the liquid, but the water tasted fine. He just assumed that it was something screwy with the tap and drank about a fourth of the glass down before glancing over at Salinas. The man was looking at him expectantly. Sighing, Tony set the glass back down on the table and laid back on the couch. It wasn't like he had much of a choice.
"By a lot." Jessica rolled her eyes as Carol laughed. "Where's Stark?"
"You're not still thinking of going after this guy, are you?" Steve asked.
Again, though, she knew Pepper wasn't going to let her even argue to stay. She was dangerously sleep-deprived, and she knew for a fact that she didn't have enough insulin on her to last until morning. Honestly, she couldn't even convincingly argue with herself to stay. How was she going to convince Pepper? So, she reluctantly nodded.
Hence, why it had never been tried before, or at least that was known of. Conspiracy theory sites often claimed that the USSR and the KGB were looking into such technologies during the Cold War – and it certainly was plausible given their history or conducting experiments with little regard to the subject's physical or mental health (ex. Pavlov's orphan experiments) – but it was a little hard to take those claims seriously when the same websites also claimed that the Earth was flat and there was a global conspiracy to make everyone believe it is round. Also, organizations such as the CIA and S.H.I.E.L.D. found little evidence to support those claims. If they had found evidence of them, though, it would've made their jobs much easier as they tried to revive Captain Rogers from his ice-induced coma.
Clint froze. His eyes went straight to the door. For privacy purposes, Clint had gone into his en suite bathroom to make the call. That way, there was less of a chance that someone would walk in on him. (Though, to be honest, the only person that he would think would barge into his room without knocking was Natasha and she already knew about Laura and the kids. Still, it was better to be safe than sorry.) Also, he didn't want Laura to see the puppy before he got a chance to tell her about him and he thought it would be easier to lock the puppy out of the bathroom than it would be to trap him in there, but the dog was proving him wrong. He could hear him using his one front paw to scratch at the door, crying as if he were mortally wounded. Clint set the laptop on the ground and went to open the door.
"I think so, too," Laura said. Clint looked back at the screen and his heart was warmed by the radiant smile she was giving him.
"Oh?" she said. "And how is that supposed to be spelled?"
The Avengers suffered a bio-terror attack, Clint and Nat are in the hospital, Freeman tried to slander SI, Lara's paranoia-induced insomnia caused her to fall asleep at work, and Steve and Tony got a little frisky. ;)
"Generally, the reception is good," Lara said, showing a graphic she'd compiled on the news media response. Reading some of the headlines she gathered, it was clear she was truthful on that. "I just wanted to preface it with that. There was some criticism about the abrupt cancellations on Monday – most notably from the outlets we canceled with – but I'm working to fix that."
"Like I said, there was something in her voice," Natasha explained. "But also, some of the things she said didn't quite add up. Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S. didn't start up until Thor came through town, yet she's saying she was there all the way back in the '90s." Tony furrowed his brow. Having read through the files before the whole Loki situation, he knew that this was in fact the case. So, he had to admit that was odd.
A few minutes after they got seated and settled, a holographic screen came up and began transmitting a video feed from the executive conference room at SI's Malibu offices. The members of the board were sat around a long conference table with a camera and their holographic screen projecting their side of the transmission at the head of the table. Pepper called the meeting to order as she usually did. From there, they were off.
"I'm working on it," Tony tried to assure. "Relax."
"No."
"That has yet to come to my understanding." Carol felt chills go down her spine as they stopped in front of a door.
The video was barely a minute long and was timed stamped for early in the morning two days before. Although one would expect surveillance footage to be grayscale and grainy, thanks to the miracle of JARVIS and Stark technology, the video was in perfect quality and full screaming color.
"Puny God," he heard the beast remark. If he had any sense at that point, he would have retaliated, both verbally and physically, however, the pain was much too intense, and darkness was already clouding his vision. Before he finally did pass out, he couldn't help but be grateful for the fact that the ringing probably wouldn't follow him in death.
"Are you kidding me?" Oswin pulled her hand back. "Hell no! I'm not turning myself in and I'm not going to leave Nina alone when there's a madman out there trying to kill us!"
"Also, the guy said thirty minutes or less and it's free," Clint added. "And that was forty-five minutes ago." Tony frowned.
"Yes," Tony shouted, kicking off the covers. "I'm awake! I'm listening! Just please stop that noise!" The noise then stopped completely and Tony let out a breath of relief. If he didn't already have a headache…
"Welcome back to
"Roughly two-dozen," JARVIS said. "Although, most of them appear to be patrolling the lower floors and stairways. A facial recognition scan detected that Dr. Eric Selvig and Loki are currently at the Tower. Dr. Selvig is on the roof while Loki is in the penthouse below."
So, Tony's interview with Christine Everhart didn't go so well. Maybe the public Q&A session will be better?
"That's understandable," Laura said.
Alright, this author's note is officially longer than the chapter so I'm just going to stop here.
"Peggy Carter," Steve found himself asking. "Is she okay?" Thankfully, the man responded quickly.
"I don't remember that," he said. "Maybe it was just a dream."
I wish I had something insightful to say, but frankly, I'm just tired and this chapter is as long as hell, so I'll forgo a comment and just ask you to review, comment, kudos, favorite, follow, and all that other fun stuff. Sound good?
"Well, consider yourself reassured because I feel absolutely fine." Pepper gave him a disbelieving look. He knew he had to change the subject before she got a chance to argue otherwise. "Listen, what I said earlier – the 'higher standards' thing – I'm sorry. That was a low blow and I shouldn't have gone that far."
"Right," Tony said, not believing a single word of it.
"He's a bit miffed that you left the party early," Peggy said. "But he'll calm down. I'll talk to him."
"Rambeau residence," Maria's voice greeted.
"So," Bruce said as they approached. "This all seems horrible."
"Lara!"
"Really?" Stark asked. Clint shrugged.
"Holy shit," Charles gasped in disbelief. "This is insane… Can you… Can you control what I do?"
"What?" Steve hesitated. "Steve."
"You're welcome, Miss Conroy."
"And we've never heard anything about you," Clint said. Carol shrugged.
"That is not how you spell 'vector.'" Lara raised her eyebrows, but otherwise looked unsurprised at Barton's challenge.
"I think a right at the end of this hall and then straight down," Tony said. Steve nodded and then hefted Tony's full weight.
The frog man opened his webbed hand to reveal a small gray disc. Pressing a button on the top a compartment within the disk slid open. Inside was a thin, silvery-blue shard on a piece of white, silk-like fabric. Tarquan still looked skeptical.
"Why don't you just tell him to stop?" Clint asked.
Walking over to the People's Unity Church, Carol wasn't sure what to expect. She had tried to scope out the place the night before but couldn't get a good look at things in the dark. Seeing it in the light of day, though, probably should have been more shocking than it was. The building very clearly used to be an elementary school.
"It really is, Tony," Natasha agreed.
he thought.
"What about you," he said. "You come across any leads?"
"I walked right into that one, didn't I?" The smile Dr. Cranston gave him was more bittersweet.
"I already did that," Tony said. "In fact, I'm going to see a therapist tomorrow." Despite the sharp taste the word "therapist" left on his tongue, Tony could see that the same word gave Carol some relief.
"Maggie off the pickle boat?" she said. "You know, the saying?"
"Forget I even asked then."
"No." Tony frowned at the unprompted response JARVIS gave.
"What can I say? I was desperate. I'll apologize to her later."
"Alright," she said. "According to Wikipedia, every social security number issued in the state of New York starts with any number between 050-134. So, your guess of 'five' was close, but not really."
"What would make you think I was going to do that?" Pepper gave Tony that looks again. He relented. "I was only going to have JARVIS save a copy of the CCTV footage so that way I can see for myself what happened. Other than that, I will let the police do their jobs." Tony then took the opportunity to check his phone.
"So, what do you want to watch?" Tony looked up at the ceiling as he thought about it.
"Yeah?"
"Wow," Lara said. "Even when I tell you directly what the point is, you still miss it." She turned away and took a deep breath, needing a moment to collect her thoughts before she jumped back into the argument again. She had just about figured out what she was going to say when Steve made the announcement that he was "finished." Looking back, Lara could see that Tony had furrowed his brow.
"I'm sure it does." Betty looked at him with a genuine smile on her face. "I'm happy for you." Bruce couldn't help it, he snorted at that declaration. "I'm serious, I really am."
tired. If she could just keep her head down for five seconds…
"Alright," Clint nodded in agreement. The two of them headed back out into the lobby where Bruce and Steve were waiting for them.
Remember kids, you can show all the violence and gore you want as long as nobody gets naked.
"That's all that's worth mentioning right now," she said. "There are a few minor blips, but we can leave them alone for now."
Duran wasn't allowed to interview Oswin. That job fell to Special Agent Bergeron, who had taken over the case now that it was found not to be a matter of national security, as Duran had previously argued to keep her foot in the investigation; just a regular, old case of felony grand theft. However, she did get Bergeron to agree to let her listen in on his interrogation of Oswin. She gave some silly line about wanting to see the case through to the end and somehow, he reluctantly agreed to it.
"Lara?" A hand on her shoulder immediately caused her to jump. Thinking fast, she slammed her elbow into the person behind her. She pushed out of her chair and spun around, ready for fists to start flying when Pepper's voice finally got through to her. "Lara, it's Pepper! Stop!"
"Maybe, if I have time later," Lara relented. She walked past Dante and into the attached kitchen. "I don't know. I've had a long week and I just want to eat something and lie down."
"What is she nuts?" Tony exclaimed automatically. Steve shut his eyes and let out a breath.
"Wait, what?"
"Alright then," she said. "I'll have a beer."
After a few moments, Adoniram stood and went back to his desk. He tapped the small button on the top of the circular case and the shard slid out. Gently, he placed a finger on top of it, and once again he came face-to-face with the image of Karl Marx.
"What?"
The consequence of sending their souls to Earth was complete and total memory loss. No one could remember their previous life as a Raël. That's where the People's Unity Church came in. As their leader – Daniel Adoniram – had been awakened by a being known as the Supreme Understanding, he was given the abilities to restore the memories lost. He devised a series of "tests" to draw the memories and one's "true personality" to the forefront. Once fully awakened, the person would be completely integrated into the Church's community. There was nothing written about what happened after that.
S.H.I.E.L.D. wasn't looking for a confession. They had more than enough evidence to nail Sharpton no matter how she plead. They wanted to know if there was any way to fix what had been done. Obviously, there was no cure for Ebola. You could only give the infected person an IV, put them on a ventilator, and monitor their blood pressure. The rest was up to how their body responded to the treatment. However, there was a chance that Sharpton had an ace up her sleeve; something that could undo the anti-biotic resistant aspects of the virus' modifications and allow them to be able to treat Clint better. It was a longshot, but if there was any chance of saving him, Natasha would take it.
"Aye," Thor confirmed.
"No, he's not." Freeman's face scrunched with confusion.
Once he was up, he put his hands down on the desk and leaned forward, taking slow, deep breaths. His eyes scanned the room. Everything looked the same, which should have been reassuring, yet somehow it wasn't. He swallowed hard.
"No, no!" Knežević stepped closer to the girls. Audrey put her arm around her sister and pulled her back. "It's not like that! She was trying to keep you from me, but now we can be together as the family we should be!"
"And it's your job to deal with the press, is it not?" Freeman's expression faltered.
Gently, Tony felt a hand come to rest on his shoulder. He looked up to see Pepper giving him a soft, slightly said look.
Clint stared at the spinning wheel on his laptop's screen. The clock in the corner of the screen declared it to be 9:30 PM. Considering the hours' time difference, it should only be 8:30 back at the farm. It was perfect timing. Laura would have put the kids to bed half an hour ago, but she would still probably be up, likely doing schoolwork on the office computer. Although he knew he probably shouldn't be interrupting her study time, it seemed to be the only time they could talk without running the risk of being interrupted by the kids, who he didn't want to mention the D-O-G in front of.
"Lucky the Pizza Dog," Cooper said. "That's a good name, right?" Laura looked up at the camera, smiling and shrugging.
"You're going to be fine," she mouthed, or maybe whispered. Either way, he knew exactly how to respond. He made an "O" shape with his index finger and thumb, sticking the other three fingers out straight.
"Is that how you feel?" she asked. "Like your lack of privacy is endangering you?" Realization hit Tony in the face like a frying pan.
Surprisingly for a second, he thought he heard voices; ones other than that of the Other Guy that inhabited his head. He panicked for a moment but calmed once he realized that the voices were coming from not only outside of his head but outside of his room as well. Slowly, he pried his eyes open.
While he sat watching the fight, Loki couldn't help but be bothered by what was going on in his mind. He had no idea what he'd been thinking before he heard that loud whine, but it bothered him that he had lost the train of thought so suddenly. There was the uncertainty he felt concerning the memory of falling into the black hole. For some reason, looking back on it now, it looked somewhat fuzzy, blurry… He could have sworn that Thor had thrown him off the Bifrost, but now? He couldn't be sure. There was something wrong with the memory. That much was clear. Had someone tampered with it? No! Of course not! He was
"Yes." The girl's face fell again. However, she put her disappointment aside and with a pleasant smile, turned to lead them through the doors.
