Please, forgive me for pressuring you when you had just arrived. I know it must have been days of starving and feeling the despair of being lost miles away without hope of returning. But I felt desperate and we wanted, we tried to solve something that without knowing had no solution" Steve said with sadness in his voice and this time, he did look into his eyes.
«Tony, what we...» Steve tried to explain.
Steve was kissing him again, so the time for breakfast seemed far away now. Tony continued to get drunk on the sweet ambrosia of Steve's lips, and the desire to please each other seemed to be their only focus at that moment.
"Well, when I have my body back, I want it impeccable. Or you will see yourself with 30 pounds gained."
«Would you let me help you now?» Steve asked him kissing him softly.
Tony replied and immediately realized it sounded like a refusal.
know?" Tony asked frowning.
"You need me?" Steve asked him, staring at him with a half smile.
_ _ _ _ _
«I am not who you think» replied Steve trying to sound calm.
Steve couldn't help smiling and Tony's heart melted at that smile he loved so much. "
"You arrived just in time," Rhodey told Steve.
"No, you didn't," Tony tried to explain but Steve got out of bed.
. Tony heard his name after a loud growl. Steve seemed to lean back strongly against the bathroom door as he repeated his name over and over again. Tony's breathing was getting more and more agitated. Something in his mind told him to leave the room, but his name repeated with that deep desire in Steve's voice did not allow him to move from his place. A moment later and Tony heard his name again after a last groan. He stood still with his eyes closed without moving against the wall. A couple of minutes later, Steve opened the bathroom door.
Steve just laughed softly and didn't answer.
"Stark, take a toast with me!," Thor said serving him a shot. "You are of my kind. You can handle this" bringing the drink to Tony.
"Now we have an important goal in mind," Bruce spoke. "Return the stones."
"I shouldn't," Tony said sighing.
«Are you drunk or something? You sound too happy,» Rhodey asked him in disbelief.
"She went to the depots," Rhodey said and another explosion was heard.
A couple of hours later, the conference was over. They said goodbye to the ambassadors and went to the limo that would take them back home. They both sat down, and a strange silence accompanied them all the way to the compound. Tony didn't dare turn to see Steve, but he could feel the tension between them contained in the air he was breathing.
He had returned with Pepper, had made a decision.
Steve snorted. "It was just a question I asked Bruce," Steve said without turning around. Tony's voice accelerated his heartbeat with pangs that hurt too much.
Steve took him in his arms and buried his face in Tony neck. He could feel Tony's breath in his. They stayed like that for a few minutes, hugging each other with a force that seemed to be too much but not enough to show what they both felt. Then Tony pulled away a little to take him by the neck and speak to him.
OK, that's a definitive proof he was not
“No, it is OK. It's not big deal, buddy. I'm all yours,” replied Tony confidently.
not the fantasy. And the guilt and the shame made an appearance once again. He was there because he wanted to be alone on Pepper's birthday and ended the day thinking only of Steve
... the words echoed in Tony's head. And for a second his eyes must have said something to Steve, because he blushed and looked down. Absolutely not a good deal if he won, he told himself.
"Didn't they like each other?," Tony said smiling amazed.
"I am sure," Tony told him by slapping him on the shoulder. He then looked at Steve who nodded.
"Come on," Thor told them, nodding to the middle of the room where everyone was gathering.
. Steve's throaty groan when he felt Tony against him, could be heard in the entire house. This seemed to indicate to Tony's hands they could travel all over Steve body. Then Steve felt his hands rest on his bulge, and he couldn't help his hips moving forward to have more contact.
«Please do not tell me there is some of my grandchildren still messing around? Vision told us he destroyed Ultron last robot» Tony asked.
Steve. And how good those full lips that reddened with his touch felt. Tony kissed him and he was sure that when sucking those lips he could taste the ambrosia of the Gods. He placed his hands on Steve's neck and hair to bring him closer deepening the kiss. Tony felt overwhelmed as he has never felt in his life. If pleasure could be defined with a sound, it was Steve's moans of intense delight, the melody. If desire could be defined with an action, it was the gentle movements of Steve's tongue, the perfect dance. When Steve broke away from the kiss, Tony was left gasping for breath.
Steve smiled with a half smile. "You wouldn't be the only one," Steve looked into her eyes.
"Coffee?" Natasha asked him seeing the shield in his hand. Tony saw she knew what that meant so she went to the kitchen.
"I offer to return them," Clint raised his hand.
"Tell me how to do it," Steve said determined.
Tony couldn't stop staring at him.
It was incredible how they had survived so many tragedies, so many fights in their eagerness to protect the world. The turns of life had been so many until they reached this instant where they were together. Exposing their souls to the other, healing the wounds of theirs hearts. Tony had a feeling that seemed strange to so much pain in that day. He felt alive again.
“Are you OK?” Tony asking him concerned.
. He wanted to say. Tony was turning back and forth in his bed without being able to sleep. He wanted to go and return that look to Steve, and not only that. For God's sake, he wanted to devour him and that was driving him crazy. Images of the sauna came to his mind and lodged in the lower part of his body. He couldn't keep up with Steve's burning looks of desire. That couldn't be his own fantasy if Steve looked at him that way too. He didn't want to reason, and didn't want to meditate if what he felt was right or wrong. He just wanted to get out of the already painful erection he had just thinking about Steve.
"It won't work," Steve explained with a smirk. "The serum, remember?"
Steve smiled. "I can't deny that."
"I don't talk to her," Tony said. "I could do it, but I don't. It would be like accepting she's not here."
Rhodey arrived with the food and everyone sat at the table. Steve sat next to Tony and he wished he hadn't done it. Every brush of his skin, aroused too close memories and distracted him from focusing on eating. However, after a few minutes of hard concentration, Tony was able to focus on eating calmly. They talked, kept joking with Steve and Tony and remembered some moments of the past as it always used to happen when they were together. When they finished eating, they decided to watch some TV.
After a few arrangements and indications to Friday, they were ready to go. Tony went to one of his Ferrari and opened the trunk to put their bags. They both got into the car, and Tony asked Friday to locate the road in the GPS. They would have about 5 hours of travel, so that was plenty of time to talk. However, at the beginning they were both silent for a few minutes, perhaps neither of them knew what they could talk about. Feeling the discomfort of the silence, Tony spoke first.
"There's nothing there, Cap. Do you sign up for Chinese?" Tony asked.
Tony saw how Steve nodded to Sarah, and he couldn't stop looking at him until he left the lab. He could not believe what had happened. A jealous Steve would definitely be his absolute downfall. And damn, how
«I love you too,» Steve said with a sigh.
"Are you sure? I'm fine. I can stay with you," Pepper told him.
«Hi,» Tony smiled at him. «Can I... have...» Tony tried to speak.
Tony repeated over and over in his mind. He would certainly not know what to do now if Steve knocked on the door. "
"Tony, how are you?" Shannon asked him.
"Tony," Steve told him in a sigh.
are the CEO of the Stark Company. It's a lifetime position!" Steve heard Tony say.
Tony relaxed a little when he heard him. He closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. “Come closer, Love,» he said as his eyes longed for him when he saw him. Steve smile and went closer.
"The cave," Tony spoke, but still did not recognize that voice.
“Are you trying to trick me with riddles?” Tony said trying to joke.
"I brought some clothes for you to change," Natasha gave him a small backpack.
"I must agree," Steve looked at him with affectionate eyes. "We must learn from it, but also let it go."
"I love you, Tony."
"I know," Steve replied.
"You were having a nightmare," Steve said softly.
"Tony, I'm glad to see you well," Wong said with a soft smile when he saw him.
"Tell me you touched yourself while you were in my body," Tony said breaking the kiss.
"I love you," Steve said and kissed him again.
he needed for his tongue to take hold of Steve's mouth. Tony felt Steve move him as close to his body as he could. After a moment, he groaned down is his throat when Steve hands clenched tight against his buttocks to bring him even closer to him.
voice once more put Steve´s heart on a desperate running. He tried to get up but still felt dizzy and only managed to sit down. The fatigue of days without rest was ravaging him right now. He could not look up from the floor. He vaguely was dealing with waking up, and could not see
"Romanoff," Tony said smiling too.
Tony entered his lab, and a thought took him by surprise, he liked coming home. This time, the word hadn't sounded so far away, it was his
Steve smiled and kissed him softly. "I have reserved your special care for the night," Steve said raising an eyebrow and Tony bit his lip. Suddenly, they heard the puppy complain.
It was dawn, and it had passed 5 hours of Tony focused on the search when he felt Steve waking up.
"No, and I think I even made it worse," Tony replied sighing.
«It can be any time you choose from the past,» Tony told him from the control desk.
"You want lunch?" Steve told him while they were stopped waiting for the traffic light to change.
"Tony, it's time for the appointment," Happy told Tony. "Hi, Cap,"
Steve's heart was beating in despair, but he had come to do something he should have done a long time ago.
"Sure, Cap." Tony realized he called him Cap like in the old days. He felt he was going back in time. Suddenly, he realized they were the only left in the room.
"Don't do it," Bruce begged him now.
"Let's go," Strange said, getting up. He opened a portal and the eye of Agamotto shone with its splendid green.
He was not a saint either, but for God's sake, that man sometimes took him out of his right mind. He went to the gym sauna, with that, his day would definitely be complete.
A shiver ran through Tony's body. He got out of bed and went to the bedroom window. It was dark outside. "This was a spell or something like that? What did you find out?" Tony asked without turning around.
Tony looked into Steve eyes and this time all the anger was gone. "Why me?," he asked staring at him with apprehension.
«I will. I promise» Steve replied knowing he did not need to be convinced. He was going to follow Tony wherever he takes him.
was what he must do. Needed to do.
«Are you OK?» Pepper looked at his arm. «Did you rest?» she asked concerned.
"I see you better," Rhodey told him pleased.
"Tony," Steve said hesitant, and when Tony turned to see him, he could tell Steve now looked relaxed. "Thank you.”
pregnant with my child,» Tony was speaking in a frantic way with a lot of nervousness. «And I dreamed about it, twice. I dreamed she was pregnant the day before Thanos happened, and even a few years ago. I had that rare dream of a crib in a middle of a dark room. In the dream Pepper told me why I could not see them? There was a beautiful baby girl in the crib. But how could I? How could I have known?» he finished saying with exasperation.
. He felt Steve hugging him with all his strength as he sighed.
Steve noted the closeness between him and Tony when Tony took a step back a turned to reply to Rocket approaching the screen.
“Your arm,” Tony said frowning.
Tony nodded. "Why haven't they managed to bring us back to our bodies?" It was too unreal to hear Steve say the words when in his mind he could hear himself thinking.
"Mr. Rogers, I need to talk to you. Alone," Strange told him.
"My conclusion is everyone has an opinion on the subject. But they seem more nonsense than anything else," Tony explained sighing discouragingly.
Steve kissed him slowly. "I'll go to the support center," he said looking at him with apprehension.
"Your own amusement park but about technology. I know, you tell me every time we come," Steve said smiling.
Steve Rogers. Even when this one was older, different somehow.
Steve smiled shaking his head. "You scheduled it, remember?"
Steve licked him clean and very quickly was able to hold Tony to his chest when he tried to sit on the couch, or rather collapse on the couch.
_ _ _ _ _
"How you feel?" Bruce asked Tony. Both were in Bruce's lab, the formula was almost ready.
Steve was watching Wakanda's wonderful night sky from the balcony of his room. The city was wonderful at night, and the stars and fireworks brightened everything around. He was in the palace bedroom that had been given to them to spend the night. Tony was saying goodbye to Rhodey who would return with Carol early in the morning. While they, as part of a honeymoon that seemed delightfully endless, would stay a few more days in Wakanda. Steve heard the door of the room open and saw the man of his life enter with the most wonderful smile he had seen in his life. Tony immediately approached him to kiss him. Steve wrapped him in his arms, groaning when he felt the bite of his lower lip.
"You're welcome to come to the Avengers home," Tony said smiling.
Steve took her hands caressing them. "I don't know how you can understand me. It seems unfair I can say these things."
«That's easy» said Steve smiling back.
"If that happens, I swear I'll stop watching it," Bruce said in dismay.
"I'm starving," Tony said. "Chinese?"
«Nope,» Tony said this time rolling his eyes.
Tony stared at him for a long time.
"4 am. I'm sorry. I couldn't sleep," Tony said, sitting next to him.
"OK, pall, I better take you to your room. Thor, that's yours." Tony said taking Rhodey and pointing Thor´s room. He turned to see Steve, "Good night, Cap."
"Nothing. But I know I can get him. I've done it other times," Natasha said wistfully. "Boys, please, can you stop now? We could have the meeting, and then you continue fighting of who cares more for the other."
Work, it was the antidote to all his ills. Tony got up early and went to work on a design that had occurred to him about a weather satellite. After the storm, he felt he should help detect them. He thought something else could be done, something that would give them more time to prevent. Besides, working helped him focus on something. Three days had passed since Pepper had returned to their home and Tony decided to stay for a while to avoid an even more uncomfortable situation with her. That morning she had written to him she would move out, and Tony thought he would not be able to return to the house they shared either. Too many memories would make everything more difficult.
. Now the soul thing was left. Tony ran his hand over his face exasperated. A face he didn't know. Somebody knocked at the door.
«We could have them for lunch… what? What are you going to do with them after we fished them?» Asked Steve laughing of the expression of disgust on Tony's face when he mentioned they could eat the fish.
"I was just kidding," Chandra said to his back. She had followed Steve to the kitchen.
«I'm sorry. I just wanted to explain. Please, Tony, don´t do this...» Steve said, now begging.
«Tony, you asked me before why I had chosen that day. It was because after battling for a long time with myself to accept it, since that day I came to realize I could feel that feeling again. It was not left in the past, in the ice. I knew when saying goodbye to you that day, my heart was also awake» Steve said heavyhearted.
There was the silence again.
"I like them both to the same extent," Tony replied, wanting to joke, but his words were loaded with feeling.
"Thanks, buddy," Tony smiled back and saw him close the door.
"Yes, a 12-hour shift. For the holidays, it was January 1st," said Steve explaining.
"Hi, buddy, you missed me too much," Tony said smiling.
"I must agree on it, and please don't tell anyone I cut myself with a potato peeler," Tony smiled and nodded. He took the first-aid kit and went to the living room.
_ _ _ _ _
Chandra went to the record player of the bar and changed the song that was playing. Then she approached Steve, took him by the hand and led him to the dancing floor. They started dancing.
Steve nodded and looked at Tony. He was so quiet and serene.
"I don't need a babysitter. I just wanted to come and get some things, that was all." Tony explained knowing that there was no point in what he said if Steve had caught him in the middle of a panic attack.
"We're two stubborn idiots in love," Tony told him smiling.
"I wouldn't call it luck. It was fun sometimes," Steve told him with a nostalgic smile.
The girl smiled. "I would like new toys."
Steve smiled back, "Do you want me to say something to him?"
"It's OK," replied Steve. "Don't worry, it won't be long before the team comes looking for us. The girls can wait here."
"Tony," Steve said breathless.
"I don't know what I should do," Tony said looking at him with fear.
"Always lost in your thoughts, Mr. Rogers," said Somnang, one of the older monks who approached him.
"Pff, I'm sorry. I fell asleep," Steve said rubbing his eyes.
"You know he will love it. He loves you and will love to share that with you," Natasha sound sincere this time.
«Who am I looking at Friday? I could feel offended if you think my kind of fun for starting the day would be seeing the neighbors walking around the park» Tony said joking with the A.I.
“I do,” Steve said with pain in his eyes. “It does not have to be complicated, Love.”
"Hey man, you should have told me you wanted to come. I would have come with you too," Rhodey told Tony, nodding at Steve.
"We were with Blaine. Rhodey is going to schedule a meeting for us to discuss," Tony told him speaking very formally.
The next day, the flower ceremony was beautiful. Steve really loved that place. The monks explained him the ceremony gives you the opportunity to give thanks, to ask for forgiveness or to seek help with finding health and happiness. Without any doubt, living there brought him an inner peace he didn't think he had known before.
," he could hear Steve's voice compete against his own thoughts. Tony put his ear to the door. His whole body was curled up against it as if only that simple piece of wood was the abyss that separated them. He placed his hand against the door;
"Is that a lucky charm now?" Steve whispered in his ear as he hid his face in his neck.
," Steve noticed how the words flowed easily from his mouth. It was as if a fountain had opened forever and he now could flow with it.
, he thought. Pepper and he used to call themselves like that, but Steve said it with such devotion. It made his heart felt replete of a captivating warmth. “Said it again,” Tony said with a sigh.
«There's no need for explanations, Cap,» Tony said looking straight to the lake. His words came out with a hint of sharpness.
, in another time," Steve told him firmly.
"My lady, your wishes are orders," Thor said pleased.
"I know," Steve said hugging him.
"It wouldn't be bad, but I see you installing a lab at some point," Steve joked.
"I like you like it," Tony said trying to breathe in Thor's hug.
«Well let me say that is a relief...um...OK bring it up» said Tony without paying too much attention to the screen and focusing on the bracelets on his desk. On the record playing, it could be seen from a long distance a figure walking from side to side.
«Hi, Steve,» Pepper said with a soft smile and went to Tony's bed.
"An old church has a couple of underground rooms. They will serve as a refuge. It is 400 meters away. You can take them on 2 trips and return on time, Sir," the AI explained to him.
"I came because I..." Steve started talking and couldn't finish because Tony had approached him so quickly to hug him.
. Seeing yourself enter through the door. Tony watched himself enter the room without saying a word. Pepper was right, it wasn't his own eyes that saw him. It was Steve.
Both began to laugh and people at the table beside cheered for them, not knowing why they laughed, but touched by their joy. The air was loaded with happiness. The world was contained in there, with both laughing and creating a new experience that would fill their memories with a new aroma.
"Somnang is a monk I met in Cambodia. He taught me I should love and accept the ways of its expression. He told me it was worth living them, each one of them." Steve replied.
"Well let's come more often," Tony smiled pleased.
, the words echoed in Tony's heart.
Later on they were in the Jacuzzi of the bedroom kissing while they drank champagne and ate from a cheese board. The palace's attentions seemed like those of a luxury hotel. Impossible to ask for more of a new year that promised good omens if this was just the beginning. Tony put the glass on the edge of the Jacuzzi to kiss his neck and Steve sighed in pleasure.
«Missed you?» Tony finished his sentence without realizing it.
"Can we do this here?" Steve said looking at Tony and then around him again. But at that moment Tony took his cock in his hands to immediately put it into his mouth, and Steve fell back arching his back and growling loudly.
«Why are you here?»
Tony looked at the floor, now he felt ashamed. “I didn't mean to say that. It was rude. I'm sorry too,” said looking at Steve. “Sometimes I can be a truly jerk,” Tony finished saying miserably.
They stared at each other allowing the energy to be reunited once more. Their lips were approaching very slowly, as if they wanted to stop time and live every moment million of times. They could feel their breaths. They inhaled the essence of who they were with every breath they took from the other. When theirs lips finally touched, their movements were so slow as if none of them wanted to hasten the pleasure their caresses provoked. And so, after savoring a few moments of ecstasy, their tongues touched each other welcoming bliss. It was
"Please, don't cry," Tony told her wiping her tears.
Then Steve turned around and went to his room. He couldn't look back.
"It doesn't have to be you," Tony said worriedly.
"I don't say it for the past forgotten and forgiven," Tony continued explaining and watched as Steve regained his spirits. "I say it because we are two stubborn fools, and I think we will always argue for something."
. That was going to be complicated.
"Captain, where's your suit?" asked the older girl.
Tony laughed, "Yes, we won't fight again and if we do, we have a quite satisfactory way of fixing things. Which leaves me thinking that those fights will come in handy," Tony replied, nodding.
Bruce looked at the kitchen corridor. "Is everything alright?"
"Now are you going to explain what happened?" Rhodey asked him.
«Did you ever say anything?» Tony asked with a mixed tone of despair and concern.
“No, you're not,” Tony said and saw him look down smiling. “Let's go to the other room right now if you don't want them returning and seeing all the not PG scenes I had in my mind.”
_ _ _ _ _
However, Steve thought he would not make it so easy. When they started kissing again, he remembered Tony had wrapped his cut hand only with the towel. So he broke the kiss and took Tony hands that kept trying to open his pants without success. "Be careful, let me help you," Steve said between breaths, pulling Tony's hands away from his pants and kissing him back. But then Steve moved very fast and opened Tony's pants instead, reaching with his hand along the length of his member.
"Don't worry, we'll be fine until the storm passes," said Steve.
. Where we had planned to be parents, where we loved each other..." Tony said with dismay and fear at the same time.
"Thank you for doing this for me," Tony whispered.
Steve sighed and looked at the floor. Why was he so hard on himself?
"He is your soulmate," Wong said looking at him.
"Mini vacations then?" Tony said smiling.
Everyone laughed.
_ _ _ _ _
"Everything is fine, Love," Steve whispered in his ear.
Tony opened his eyes and saw a gaze of love, passion and melancholy that spoke about Steve's heart. "I'm here," he said staring at him.
"It's more than I've ever shared with anyone," Steve spoke without resignation, without pain.
After both found a way to stop pleasuring each other, a while later they were walking towards the town. Their bodies could not be far apart from the other, so they were walking very close. Luckily, they decided to leave early because the sun began to rise and it could be felt the temperature rising. Although the proximity of both when walking could say otherwise.
"They are tears of happiness," She told him smiling.
"Tony," Steve kissed and took him to bed.
could not be him.
“What else is out there for me now?” Tony asked with a sigh.
"Let's go home." Pepper's voice brought Tony back.
has some cold beers," Rhodey said jokingly, and entering the house also.
When the tribute was over, they all shared a few minutes of silence. Tony couldn't help remembering the silence in his dream. A shiver ran through his body, but he told himself it had only been a dream. Later, the governor invited them all to go to see the walls. Rhodey and Steve approached the rest of the team.
"I better..." Tony tried to say he better go back inside. But he turned around very quickly and almost falls if it wasn't for Steve who took him by the waist to hold him. It seemed an eternity, the instant when Steve took him close to his body, and their faces were a few inches from each other. Tony could feel Steve's breath as his eyes looked at him with an unknown desire. "Steve," he heard himself say with a sigh.
Tony smiled, “Morning,” he replied. Honestly, Natasha was amazing. He took care of serving the coffee, and Nebula took the cups and followed her.
Steve wanted to say he had come to see him. But Strange told him he should say he was on a mission he had indicated him.
It could not be more difficult than this. He once thought that waking up in an unknown world was the most terrifying and hardest thing he ever lived. Now he knew with the certainty only death gives him
words echoed in his head again to bring him back to reality.
Tony felt a sharp stab in his head and put a hand to his forehead.
"I need both of you to sit inside the circle facing each other and close your eyes." Wong pointed out the places in the circle and they sat down. "Close your eyes. I just need you both to be relaxed, but aware."
"Now I have an excuse for not going to the meeting today," Tony said smiling happily.
"You both need to rest," Steve told Bruce worriedly.
Carol smiled and stroked Rhodey's arm. "It will only be a minute," she winked at Rhodey.
"Then you'll come back to me," Tony explained as if that was the point.
Steve, who had sat on the floor, got up and went to the other room. Tony could feel the whirlwind in Steve's heart mixing with his. He made his way to the other room as well. When he entered, Tony tried to close the door a little. It was time for the conversation. When he turned around, he saw Steve with his back to him.
Steve placed his forehead against his and wrapped him in his arms. "I slept 70 years to get to you."
, just one last time.
"What's wrong, Cap?," Tony asked intrigued, "What bothers you?"
"I don't know," replied Steve who was just as surprised as he was. "I just touched you."
_ _ _ _ _
. They were going to plan how to proceed with the stones.
"I know," Steve nodded. "He continues fighting in his own way. Although not the most convenient."
"I know how difficult all this can be. I have lived it long enough to know it is not easy to accept it. Even less learn to live with it,” Steve paused as thinking how to continue.
Steve smiled "How long have you been without coming to one?"
in order, and he needed more data
Tony not only bit him but also squeezed his shoulder and arm very hard, causing Steve to enter in a wild state of mind. Tony shuddered under him and Steve could feel his own orgasm drawing closer. One more movement of his hips, one more pressure at all the points where Tony was tightening him to make them feel the force of their passion, and Steve exploded inside Tony with such force that the growl in his throat flooded any other sound.
"Well that's not fair, I wouldn't make you wait so long to give you something you want," Tony told him complaining.
"Hi, Mrs. Pott. Nice to see you," Tony tried to smile.
"Oh, God," Steve cried out, with a desperate groan.
When he landed at the door of the cabin, he immediately saw the door opens and Pepper running out to hug him. Tony put his suit away and received her in his arms. They held each other for a long time without saying a word.
"Yes," Tony looked at him fiercely and kissed him again.
Tony approached dressed in his black suit and bow tie. He wanted to hide he was out of breath when he saw Steve dressed in a suit. But Nat's mischievous look made him understand he hadn't.
«Hey, is something wrong?» Steve said concerned.
"FRIDAY, analyze the activation command of that model. Something is failing at the startup."
Tony looked at her and half hugged her stroking her shoulder. "I'm going to miss this opportunity to tease you," he said jokingly.
— — — — —
was not talking seriously. But he needed to say something believable,
Tony was starting to feel anxious. His mind was trying to avoid a fact that was inevitable to miss and now he was asking the wrong questions.
Morgan was very happy. "Yes please."
“I would like you open the door Tony, but not this one precisely,” Steve said.
When they entered the dining room, Natasha and Rhodey were standing around the table talking pleasantly. Steve wasn't there; it was the first thing Tony noticed.
"Everything went well, we could stop them. But unfortunately we did it after he had attacked you two. You and Steve." Bruce paused as if thinking how to continue.
Tony closed his eyes and let the warm breeze of the summer day embrace him. His mind started wandering inside the memories shared with her. She was his world, his purpose, the reason for living.
«Who are you?» Tony asked. «Because yeah, the Captain theme seems borrowed, but the test result shown you are him or at least his DNA matches with yours. So the real question should be,
"Good morning, Tony," Steve replied smiling as well. "Coffee?" he asked.
"You cannot bully yourself about the height, right?" Steve asked making him laughed.
«Sir, Miss Potts is calling you. Do you want me to answer the call?» Friday interrupted them, and suddenly Tony came back to reality.
"Steve," Tony said, begging him, he didn't know for sure if he asked him to stop or continue.
"Cap," Tony said looking into his eyes.
The smell of fried eggs and bacon woke him. When Tony went to the kitchen, he saw Steve occupied on the making of what looked like a continental breakfast.
"Bruce, are you alright?" Steve asked trying to get close.
Steve smiled and stroked Tony's reddened lips with his thumb, making Tony close his eyes. "I've missed you too much," Steve said with a sigh.
Steve took the whiskey and gave it to Tony, who kept watching him.
"Yes, I helped them go to one of the shelters," Steve nodded.
“OK, stop, I'll do it,” Steve said standing from the sofa. He went to the middle of the room. It took him a couple of seconds, but with a sigh began to speak. "We must be grateful to be together. It has not been easy for any of us to be here today sharing something that was once as simple as a smile. It is a long road that we continue to travel every day. We continue being brave with ourselves.
"It's just another future, Tony.
«No» replied Steve looking down.
"Please. The world needs you," Wong insisted again.
"I know, but I"m gonna miss that sexy ass of yours on your tight pants," Tony said teasing him.
«Why are you here?»
"What do you think we can do?" Rhodey asked.
Tony now looked up to watch the person on that screen. He did not hear what he had said but turned to see Steve and was surprised by his shocked face. "Sorry, who is that guy?"
Those words touched Steve soul, and he thought that even when his mind could not quite comprehend the meaning, he knew his heart did.
"OK, 2%," Tony said doubting a little.
Steve was watching Tony for a few minutes now, he seemed to be absorbed reading one of the poems. He wanted to think Tony wouldn't realize when he looked at him while he was distracted. But the minutes shortened, and the time he had left with him was so brief. He didn't want to waste a moment. He wanted to create a collection of memories, his own mental pictures that would last him the rest of a life without him. Suddenly, he watched as Tony headed very quickly to the door. He seemed affected by something, but Steve could not understand what had happened. His first thought was to follow him, but without knowing why he instead went to the spot where Tony was reading the poem. He stood in front of it, and thought the painting seemed familiar...
Steve smiled, and they both went inside the monastery.
"Maybe," Steve laughed softly. "I hope those two get along better," Steve smiled wistfully.
Steve closed his eyes and sighed deeply, "Tony," he said softly.
Five days had passed since the last time he saw him. For Steve, it felt like an eternity. They always had talked, even when they weren't close to the other. It was so strange not to be able of speaking with him. And it wasn't about him not having the strength or the tortuous desire to talk to Tony. He knew he should give him time, space to think. But the waiting was still eternal. While Steve was running that morning, his mind could not stop thinking.
_ _ _ _ _
Why? He made it for you," Tony told him.
"I think I have a migraine," Tony said feeling the pain go away.
Tears camouflaged with the water running, but his body felt weak. Tony felt Steve hugging him from behind, then he threw his head back leaning on his shoulder.
Steve cleared his throat and bent down to be at the same height as them. "That's true. Sure, we're boyfriends," he explained, and the scream of joy from the three of them could leave anyone deaf. They began to jump with excitement while Steve laughed watching them. Tony was staring at him.
«Mm, no. Let's keep this between us for now. I need to go with Pepper but call me as soon as he wakes up».
conversation.
«I'll do it. I promise you won't be near any of the
"I'm sorry, that sounded bad. I didn't mean it like... And I used to tell you..." Pepper was speaking nervously.
"I need more than that, Cap," Tony said looking into his eyes and could see in Steve's eyes the hunger mixed with sweet contentment.
Perhaps he deserved it, because he was there in the bathroom thinking about the kiss he shared with Steve instead of understanding the implication of what had happened. And even Pepper was in the same room. Tony opened the tap water and wet his face. Or Steve's.
While they were walking watching the walls, Steve and Tony separated from the rest walking closely to each other.
"What do you think?" Natasha asked Tony when she saw him approach.
"I know," Steve said and kissed her forehead.
Tony looked at Steve. “Is everyone fine? I saw the kid,” he asked as if realizing what had happened.
"Dude, welcome to Tony's babysitter club. I tell you that it doesn't pay well. And you have to put up with many tantrums and spoils on his part," Rhodey said now addressing Steve who was clearly holding himself not to laugh.
"I'll go with Nat to catch up," Steve replied, nodding.
"You were and
_ _ _ _ _
They kissed once more, and another time, and one last until both realized they should say goodbye. They dressed and headed for the jet hatch. When it opened, the sun lit up their faces. They got off the jet and reaching the hangar door they turned to see each other. Tony touched his reactor which covered him to the neck. They remained motionless for several seconds without saying a word. Tony didn't want to leave, and he could feel Steve didn't want him to leave either. But he had to get back to Pepper, he needed to talk to her. He should go and break her heart. Tony looked at the floor.
That seemed to convince Rhodey,
After helping to get the survivors out of the buildings and put out the fire. Tony saw Bruce talking to the chief firefighter, and Steve and Rhodey talking to the other firefighters. He knew he could not return to the compound.
Tony smiled, "I believe you. But you're the lucky one, alcohol doesn't affect you."
Tony laughed, "I don't know, it could be. It's Romanoff."
Tony knew why he was asking and now he didn't feel sure to show it to him. "I'm fine. We got a little rough..."
"Hi," Pepper leaned out the door. "Sorry if I interrupt. I was told the meeting was over."
A six years old fan, Tony thought smiling as he saw her excited to confirm her suspicion. He saw Steve nodded and smiled at her.
“How can you possibly know me better than I do?” Tony said frowning. He began passing from one side to another again.
"Don't you dare to touch me," Tony said sourly.
, he told himself. Talking about not messing with the future.
"Captain Rogers, nice to see you again. Mr. Stark is in the kitchen at moment, Sir. Would you like me to let him know you are here?" Friday asked sounding too clever, Steve thought. Even she seemed to know perhaps he would not be welcome.
"Why so lonely?," Steve asked Natasha.
Tony moans of pleasure were growing in their intensity as his cock was stroked, pulled, and squeezed in the warm embrace of Steve mouth and hand. For an instant, Steve pulled back and looked up at him with a lust gaze to very slowly return to take him all. The second his mouth sucked him again, Tony ground out as the last shreds of his self control receded and he was coming. Steve swallowed every last bit and even licked him clean before pulling off. Then he got up and hugged Tony who collapsed on top of him panting.
"It's better if we talk tomorrow, Tony. We're both tired. We can think things better," Steve said as he placed a towel over his shoulder.
"Perfect," Tony told him.
Tony looked at their hands together, and how he had inadvertently responded by squeezing Steve hand tightly. Then he looked at Steve and felt like he was not longer trapped. As if a very small flame was gaining strength so the light could enter and dissipate the mist.
"I don't know how to shave your beard," Steve explained a little ashamed, but smiling.
Tony squeezed his eyes shaking his head. "I'm sorry. It's just that it is frustrating."
_ _ _ _ _
when he felt Steve's hand on his neck to lift his face and steal him a kiss, "morning," Tony finished saying with his eyes closed. When he opened his eyes, he could see Steve's face of satisfaction at having surprised him.
"And how am I supposed to do that?" Tony asked. Steve had said to him to peel some potatoes that were over the counter.
"It would be better if only the 3 of us goes to Sanctus Sanctorum. It is a safer place to do the ritual,” Wong explained them.
"I need to go to the cabin, could you tell the rest that I won't go to the compound?" Tony answered.
Steve kept thinking, "No, the truth is I haven't," he replied thoughtfully. "I think I've been in new places to me, cities, countries, but for missions, always for work."
— — — — —
The image before his eyes looked like a scene from the old days. Everyone was gathered in the room talking cheerfully. As he walked, Tony let the nostalgia and sadness seizes him just for an instant. They weren't all there, not the whole team, not Pepper. However, everyone could have that moment and enjoy it. In his heart, there was a trace of gratitude he could also recognize.
Steve turned around. "He traveled back in time as I did. He went to look for me in the past where I stayed."
"Tony..." Steve tried to speak but his lips were sealed by another kiss from Tony.
The good old days...That's why he chose this timeline. But now he had to figure out what should be his next move not having the GPS with him.
«Did you?» Rhodey asked amazed.
Tony was starting to wake up. He could feel the heaviness in his body, and his eyes didn't want to open even though he wanted to know where he was. His senses began to respond very slowly, and he heard someone's footsteps. He felt so tired and although he insisted his eyes open, they seemed to have their own will and ignored him. Someone was by his side; he could feel a presence. Whoever was there took him by the hand and stroked it gently.
«You couldn't,» Steve replied looking lost. His eyes were fixed at a point on the floor.
Steve smiled immensely satisfied and was kissing him. Tony hugged him, wrapped his arms around him. And Steve felt Tony wanted not only his heat, but all of him. As if the purpose was to merge with Steve, so not a part of their bodies remain that were not touching.
"Why you had kept this place for yourself, it's amazing," Rhodey said taking a drink of his beer.
"What the heck!" Tony said to Wong taking off only the mask of his suit. "You wizards don't know how to knock on the door?"
"Don't tell me, he already told you the percentage of merit you have," Rhodey told Steve smiling.
Steve smiled again, "Yes, sure, but it was more like an
"Shit," Tony said. "Come on Bruce. You can do it, buddy." He was dodging Hulk throws.
While Steve was dressing, he heard some hisses from Tony. It had only passed another week, but he was getting tired of not being able to do things by his own. Tony was so independent and proud he wanted to shave himself to only feel he could do something alone. He reminded him of someone, Steve laughed softly. At least the wounds were healing well, he thought. In a couple of days, Tony would receive the treatment Cho had created. Suddenly, Steve turned to see Tony when he got out the bathroom. He had some small cuts but was very happy to have succeeded. Steve approached him.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony smiled but did not answer.
"4 days," Pepper replied sitting again in the bed. "Yesterday when you woke up, Rhodey and I were with Wong. He was explaining us he could try something he found."
“I'm sorry,” Steve said smiling and taking a step back.
"Oh," was the only thing Bruce could answer for a moment. "Why don't you wait and try talking to him again?"
"You're welcome, dear," Tony said, opening the mask of his suit.
with him was not the right thing to do. If he was honest with himself, the thing was he needed people between him and Steve. He needed to put distance because he didn't trust himself any longer.
«Tony, I am extremely sorry for doing this to you» Steve said, feeling in his heart the terrible weight of what he had done.
"And why I, who am in your super serum body, was unconscious for so long?" Tony asked, but it seemed more a question to himself.
"You'll be fine?," Steve asked him, out of breath after another kissing session.
"Yep, it has everything that a Captain America suit should have,
_ _ _ _ _
Suddenly, a young girl came crying to him.
_ _ _ _ _
They walked in silence for a few minutes and Tony suddenly stopped, touching his forehead.
"We need to split the team with wings to get out of there," Tony said, widening the screen. "From here we should try to get out, in any case." Tony pointed a zone in the map.
"It's OK, don't worry. You needed that rest."
Steve took out his cock and put it back moaning at once with Tony. Steve felt ecstatic of knowing Tony's whole body, what he liked, what gave him pleasure. Then he put one of his hands over Tony's and with the other took him by the waist to create a rhythm that pleased them both. Their skins had gone warm. There was no part of their bodies that did not feel ignited by the burning of their passion. Every breath, every thrust, every moan created the reality they both loved. Where there were only the two of them. Where the world had stopped many times so they could meet and be together. When Tony arched his back with a gasp, Steve knew he had hit the spot that would make him come in a few seconds. So he focused on getting his thrusts to that spot while listening to Tony moans.
"The Captain is in the gym right now, Sir."
"mm?" Steve turned around and watched him approaching.
«I don't know,» Tony said not looking a Steve, finally stopping and resting one arm on the chimney. He stood there in silence looking lost.
Steve smiled, and he could see the love in Pepper eyes while looking at Tony. She seemed tired, like she hasn't sleep either. She approached Tony and gave him a kiss in the forehead. Tears were running through her face.
Tony felt Steve's hand caress him in the back. "Are you alright?," he asked in a low voice.
"No friend! No Banner!" He yelled even more angrily and tried to punch Thor. However, although everyone prepared to help him. Hulk grabbed his own head and started screaming in pain.
— — — — —
"But how can you accept so easily that I might not be with you?" Tony asked desperately.
«I am,» she told him.
, you put me in an existential crisis," said Tony seriously.
“I would like you open me the door to your life, and above all, to your present,” Steve said in a serious tone, and Tony knew the light conversation was over.
"2 hours." Steve kissed him biting his lip and Tony groaned softly.
"Hey, where are you?" Rhodey asked him.
"Thank you," Steve replied.
"Don't miss me," Tony told him.
«Me too,» Tony looked at her with tenderness.
That foolish man who is hidden out there
"Because I should finish designing the portal, and I'm just thinking about going to the shower with you," Tony bit his lip looking at him with teasing eyes.
«I missed you too, Tony,» Pepper was sobbing.
«The compound, you said I was gonna miss you and I told you I would. It was an important moment for me» replied Steve as steadily as he could, but he could also see Tony was getting restless.
After seeing the video a few times, Tony should not say he was perplexed by what he was looking at. But despite everything they had been through, seeing an odd «Steve Rogers» walking around his neighborhood made him feel extremely uncomfortable.
"Tony," Steve moaned his name, deep and throaty.
. He wouldn't think of anything else. He would just live that moment. In a couple of hours he would reason, for now, he only wanted Steve by his side. When that warm sensation wrapped him making him feel relaxed, he knew Steve was walking toward him. A few seconds later, he felt him sit down next to him.
"Peps, everything will be fine." Tony approached Pepper, and she looked worried but sighed.
"A little yes," Tony replied by closing his eyes and burying his head in Steve's neck. "I don't want to go. We don't have to go."
"FRIDAY, look for a place we can take refuge without having to travel far. I won't be able to take them on a single trip," Tony pointed out and saw Steve approach the families to calm them down.
"Are you alright?" Pepper asked, looking into his eyes and stroking his face.
"We need to reach the mines from where everything that is smuggled to the rest of the countries is hidden. Most are medicines, but there are armed groups that guard them," Steve continued.
Tony turned his face a little to his right without seeing Steve directly in the eyes. After a wait that seemed infinite, now he wanted to lengthen that moment of pleasure in which he could kiss those lips again. "So you like to play." Tony took one of Steve's hands and slowly lowered it until he reached the bulge of his cock already half hard.
Tony broke apart from the embrace and left the kitchen. Steve was stunned for a moment while watching him leave. Soon after, he went to the living room and saw Tony walking from side to side.
Steve leaned toward him and kissed him softly. Tony felt his heart rejoice; it could not have greater happiness. Steve appropriated of his lips and savored them so ecstatic as if time only existed for that purpose.
"Happy New Year, Love," Tony told him without parting his lips.
. Tony wondered why could he see it in Steve eyes. But most strange of all,
"In five minutes we will welcome 2023 and what better way to receive it! With my loving lady and my best friends!" Thor told them excitedly. "Two beers, please," he told the bartender.
"Nature teaches us things have a beginning and an end. Yes, it sometimes destroys, but it also cleans. If we lose this house, maybe it is because this house already filled its purpose of taking care of us. And a new house will come to share our family history."
Steve smiled full of joy again. “We are.”
." Steve words wanted to warn him they shouldn't do what they were doing. But this time it was Steve who squeezed his erection tightly while giving him a hard stroke. Tony groaned and turned his head to look at Steve. His eyes told him he missed him, yes, but in them there was desperate hunger, a ravaging desire that was taking place also. Tony's mind ran through all the possibilities.
"Your souls seem to choose each other's body on purpose. Perhaps it is because you both must learn some lesson from the other. We are talking about an unique power, an energy that only you two in the end can control. "
"I know. I also thought I wouldn't see you again," Steve said with a soft smile while caressing his face.
"5... 4... 3... 2... 1... Happy New year!" Everyone screamed, and Steve took Tony by the neck to kiss him deeply. And that was not a chaste kiss to celebrate the end of the year. It was a kiss of passion that spoke of an eternal desire between them.
Steve looked at the ground. "I know," he took a deep breath. "I could feel your closeness long before I saw you."
Thanks for reading!
"I will," Steve replied and kissed him again. His tongue did not ask permission this time and threw itself into Tony's mouth with despair. Tony's moan was hidden under the kiss. He rested his hands over Steve's pants to bring him closer so he could feel how much he needed him.
Steve went to bed and lay down while watching Tony's movements. He also removed all his clothes and went to his bedside table where he found a lubricant. Tony went to the bed and sat on his knees between Steve's legs. Once again saw Steve's cock and this time he did not resist giving it a gentle stroke. Steve closed his eyes and squeezed the sheet tight with his hands. Tony wanted to please him.
"I missed you," Steve said in a whisper in his ear.
"Cap," was the only thing Tony could say while following Bruce.
"Where is Nat?" Bruce asked worried.
Tony did his best not to laugh. "Well honey, do you want me to tell you a secret?"
"I better go," Pepper said and turned around.
"OK, but I thought you would stop doing that. Didn't you talk about retiring or something like that?  How come I don't know about it? Tell me where you are” Rhodey demand, now sounding worried.
"I can't say the same. I look sexy as a genius," Steve replied and Tony laughed loudly.
"Yes, he asked me to return to the compound and now he is in his room. No one knows he has returned."
Part of the team was in the meeting room discussing about the smuggling that was taking place in different areas of the country. After Bruce's procedure, Tony and almost the entire team had not found rest between so many missions. And those were Earth's problems only. God knows out there were more trouble, but they needed to start at home first. When they believed everything was getting better, new complications were evident. The medicine smuggling problem was increasing every day, but they had found the place where the criminal organization was hiding.
«I like to keep my prisoners at ease, not that I had one before. But it seems to be the right thing to do, you know» Tony said amused at Steve answer.
"Did you get up early to do all this?" Tony asked jokingly.
_ _ _ _ _
"OK, it's over," said Chandra sitting up too, and placing her head on Steve's shoulder while hugging him.
"Steve," Tony approached him. "It doesn't have to be you."
"See you in a little while," Tony told him.
Then, Tony very quickly opened his zipper and lowered only his pants. "You can do the same or just thrust me with yours on," Tony told him with a hoarse voice, bringing his buttocks close to Steve's erection. And as a perfect response to his naughty proposal, Steve grunted very hard taking him by the waist to give him a strong thrust. Tony had to place his hands on the wine cellar to balance before Steve's strength. It seemed that a restrained beast was struggling to get out and Tony could not be more pleased.
"Well, I'm not very good with this. I think I once told you that I'm not that kind of doctor. But in these last days I see you a little, I don't know if sad is the right word, which is normal too," Bruce explained him.
«What did I sign?» Steve asked.
"Or we can sneak out and go home." Tony couldn't stop smiling, he felt like a fool.
«Yes, please, you don't have to ask,» Steve said ashamed.
Steve took a deep breath and unwittingly his voice came out with a tint of defeat and resignation. «I don't know how to answer your questions without fucking up everything more than I have done». He sat on the bed and covered his face with his hands. It was truly difficult to accept it at that moment, but he felt trapped in his own cage, one he had built with his fears and the desperation of longing.
"Friday, where is Tony?" Steve asked.
"For the ultra secret matters only you can access," Steve joked.
He knew he was running away from something and despite everything, only a tremendous anger overwhelmed him at that moment. Once inside the house, he leaned against the front door. His heart was still agitated, unbridled, and he was breathing as desperately as if that were the end of some battle. Tony closed his eyes trying to calm himself.
Tony sighed every time he heard Steve say it.
"Why didn't you stay in the states? Tony asked raising his head to look at Steve.
Tony gasped and took a deep breath. Steve caressed his arms until he took both of Tony's hands to lean him against the sofa. They were both bent over, and Steve felt his cock nestle between Tony's buttocks. He moved his waist making them both groan at the same time and then he lifted up a bit. He stroked Tony's buttocks and listened to him pant for breath. Then he took his cock and pressed his head to Tony's perineum, hearing him gasp and watching him throw his head back. He did it again and again, and watched Tony tighten his grip on the couch.
They arrived to center of the town and headed to a cafeteria for breakfast. It was like a morning in the lab, but this time with a better view. As always, they talked a little about everything. Tony was surprised at how comfortable he felt with Steve, and he could tell Steve felt the same. Like being together was so natural that there was no reason to feel any awkwardness. As if everything had been meant to be so.
«Maybe I am,» Steve replied smiling.
"You knew it," Tony said looking at the ceiling.
"I think so too," Tony said nodding.
«I love you too,» Steve said kissing him on the forehead.
"Thanks for the flattery, Cap, but I don't see the point," Tony interrupted him.
Tony was with Pepper and always would be until the end. There was nothing he could do about it, and he wasn't entitled to change it.
Tony nodded smiling.
“Cap, Cap, Cap” everyone cheered now.
, that living in a world without
"I am happy for you,” Steve said leaving the cup of coffee on the table. “I have to go," he also said very quickly and passed by his side still without looking at him.
Steve looked at Scott who smiled at him. He nodded him.
"I missed you too," Steve told him and kissed him again. In a single movement Steve got up with Tony in his lap and they continued kissing.
"Barton," Natasha told him with a half smile. "Last time he was in Mexico. It was nothing pretty what he left behind," she said thoughtfully.
"Thank you for everything you do for us," Pepper's father told Tony and then he turned to Steve. "Thank you Captain, for those kind words and for helping us too."
Steve stared at Tony and approached him without looking away until he was close. He took the cup from his hand, put it on the counter, and went straight to the belt of Tony's robe to open it. He approached Tony's ear, "Can I have my breakfast?," he said in a hoarse voice. Tony didn't know when he had stopped breathing, but after hearing him, he let out a breath that almost ended in a groan. Steve placed his palms on Tony's bare skin, his fingers running up and down, and began kissing his neck. "Can I?" he said once more.
with a letter and run away?," Tony began to speak much louder with each question.
, to where Steve was. Why had she said she was there too? Tony wondered.
"Hey, there are not that tight," Steve complained.
Steve turned away from Tony trying to fix his clothes. "You must follow her. We both know you must," he said without looking at Tony to his eyes.
"Come here. I want to show you something," Tony told him going to the table with the projecting screen. He touched some keys and a suit appeared on the screen.
_ _ _ _ _
«Sir, I am afraid I do not have the best of news today.» Friday interrupted his line of thoughts.
_ _ _ _ _
Steve lifted him a little to slowly introduce his cock and they both groaned. They stared at each other panting and Steve stepped back to push his cock harder this time. Tony arched his back and threw back his head shouting his name again. Steve began to move slowly, and Tony took him by the neck to kiss him. They started taking a pace that grew fast within the minutes. Both were so aroused it wouldn't take them too long to come. With each thrust both gasped louder, then Steve took Tony's cock in his hands, stroking it with the same intensity of his thrusts. Tony rose a little grabbing himself of Steve neck and shoulder, and a thrust from Steve made him squeeze him with his hands tightly, burying his nails a little. That drove Steve crazy who focused on thrusting him at that spot listening to Tony's ecstatic groans. Steve gave Tony's cock a stroke at the moment of a hard thrust. He felt Tony bite him between his neck and shoulder as he groaned, coming with great intensity. The ferocity of Tony's orgasm made him come only a few seconds later.
"Would you mind driving?" Tony asked.
"That time, you did, you came back to me despite acknowledging it. My tears of joy were genuine," Pepper looked at him with the same tenderness as before, but with a hint of sadness.
"I don't know if I should say that I'm hungry or that your body is starving."
«Tony, I made a mistake coming back here.» Steve found his way back to his words. He had to explain himself clearly. «I cannot tell you everything without sounding crazy, I know, but I traveled here because I wanted to see you. That is the truth, there are no deceptions, there are no hidden meanings behind my words. It is too simple, I know that too, but
Tonight, Steve thanked him for bringing him here. The truth was he looked much better, more relaxed. He would dare to say even a little happy. Obviously, he did it to make Steve feel better, it was a desire born and raised in an instant. But he also had to accept he did it for himself as well. Tony needed to understand him. Why while smiling, Steve's eyes looked at him with adoration? Was it desire what he saw in them too? How could he inspire so much...what was that? What was that in Steve's elusive eyes when Tony turned around and could capture him looking at him.
They spent a few minutes there while Tony's gaze was lost on the horizon. A comfortable silence embraced them and Rhodey´s hand was caressing him on the shoulder. Tony knew Rhodey was right, but that wasn't enough to feel better. He lost everything when losing Pepper. The love of his life, his best friend, his partner, his world…
Tony stared at him, his chest rising. “Because I love you,” he said out of breath. “And I cannot conceive my life without you,” his words sounded with a profound despair.
Tony nodded and saw Pepper went up to their room. He didn't understand what was happening to him. He sat on the couch and Rhodey sat next to him.
"I'm here," said Steve in a whisper.
"Admiring the starry sky or taking some air due to Thor's drink?" Steve was by his side, and Tony hadn't realized when he arrived.
. He tried to get up, but felt Bruce's hand on his shoulder.
No, he wanted to think of her, how he missed her and loved her.
"Be careful Nat, please," Steve said with concern.
"Yes, but without walking Tony. I know it must be annoying to go in the wheelchair, but it would be better if you don't make much effort," Bruce replied trying to use his best doctor voice.
Again everything went black, and he seemed to return to the elevator. However, this time everything went a little faster and when he opened his eyes he saw himself on top of a car.
. He had missed it, the only resource that made him feel good in so much pain. Tony got up and placed himself in front of Steve.
Tony got out of the cell and stumbled down the corridor to the lab. He was having a panic attack, again! He hadn't had one in years, but this Steve and his story of grief, and pain, and lost.
"Although you went to the past and had those two encounters with him, everything has run its course. It seems the story was not altered or rather acquired another meaning. But the end remains the same," the last words of Strange sounded with sadness.
Tony closed his eyes.
"Get up and help me. I'm older than you," Wong told him smiling.
"That's great," Natasha nodded. "By the way, everyone wants to come to visit you two, but I have them under control," she said smiling.
«A sacrifice,» Bucky told him frowning. He sat by his side.
He was in a location where he could see the house. Always with a prudent distance it would be safe, he insisted in reassuring himself. It was early in the afternoon, and he saw Happy coming out the house, and that gave him some hope. Maybe
_ _ _ _ _
Tony swallowed dries.
"Glad to see you, Happy," Steve said to him with a smile.
Tony and Steve placed as much as they could on the doors to seal them. They were indeed rooms that seemed to be built as shelters for storms. They had some old chairs piled up in a corner and shelves with what looked like preserves. Tony went to the family and helped them warm up. They were all drenched. The three girls looked nervous, but also seemed excited to see him.
"It is. You both are not aware of it, but you made that decision mutually. With a purpose."
"I've just wanted to love you and apparently I haven't known how to do it," Steve told him with anguish in his voice.
. That's you Tony, the genius, the witty, the man of daring and risky ideas. Yes, but so bright that they always work," Steve explained.
"Tony said the same," Bruce smiled, nodding at Tony.
«I think it would be best if I am alone for a few days,» Tony said without turning.
“The world still exists out there, and we swore an unspoken oath that said we were going to protect it. We could still help others. Heal are our wounds while healing theirs too,” Rhodey said with optimism.
"Perfect, thanks." Tony turned around and went to the basement. It was a very cold night, so a good wine would suit him.
"He insisted on coming, even when we told him he should rest from the trip," Natasha addressed Tony speaking very softly.
"I feel so weak," Tony said with a sigh.
. Yes, many souls come together to different universes to express themselves. To be infinite as a whole, to give life to the unimaginable."
— — — — —
I had to calm down, Steve told himself. For the first time in his life, he seemed to lose his mind. A few weeks ago he had told himself he would understand the sacrifice they would make for humanity, but now he could not bear the thought of losing Tony. He was not as strong as he thought he could be. His world made no sense if Tony was not in it. Steve turned and looked at Pepper. She was crying while her parents comforted her. Within a few hours of returning, she had already found a way to know where Tony was, and she was immediately there waiting. Steve had to understand her situation and respect it too. He knew what Nat meant. Pepper was trapped in whatever place they were, and returned and finds out she almost lost her boyfriend, her
Tony looked up to see Steve. He had noticed the date Steve had gone. For a moment he looked confused, but then he also seemed to realize what Happy had said and looked down.
«She greatly appreciated the gesture, you could say» Tony told him, focusing on cutting a piece of meat.
"Do you feel good where you are now?" Tony said looking into his eyes.
Steve
"Very bad use of words, Captain," Tony said, pouncing on Steve to kiss him with full force. Steve replied moaning, kissing and bringing him closer to him. This time they kissed with more savagery, abandonment and their breathing became heavy. Then, while Tony was devouring him, he took Steve's bulge to stroke him hard. "That's what I want," he said to Steve pulling away from the kiss and looking him straight in the eye. "In my mouth," he whispered before kissing him again. A frenzy of lust burst inside them and he felt Steve lose his balance making them fall.
"These two are really hopeless," Rhodey told Steve. "You and I let's go for a drink."
"Yes, of course. Do you want us to go somewhere?" Bruce replied.
Tony sank in the Jacuzzi, and Steve felt his cock been sucked underwater.
"Tony what's going on? Are you OK?" Pepper stroked his face.
During those days the conversation with Pepper kept repeating itself in his mind.
Then Steve felt the relief he needed to continue. Quite naturally they started talking a bit about everything. Life in the 40s, politics, economy, war, but also about very simple things. Sports, meals, the first TVs and their funny commercials, movies and their favorite artists, childhood games. Even when they did not agree on all opinions or tastes, they did agree on most of the things. It was good to know too, Steve thought. And although he will always regret that once he had misjudged him, he lived long by his side to know Tony was an admirable man, of good feelings. And not only of an intelligence that seemed immeasurable, but of a good heart. Steve could also recognize this trip was for him, he could feel inside him it was not about pity for him. Tony was doing it to make him feel better. Although after being he, the bearer of bad news, it was Tony who was putting an effort to make him feel comfortable. At least for a few days.
right now. It's dangerous," Tony said biting his lip.
"Wow," Steve smiled. "I honestly don't know if I can get over that," he said, joking with him.
How can you be so good?" Tony said, stroking Steve cock, making him close his eyes and gasp.
"It's a great lesson," Steve said thoughtfully. “Bruce is a great example of teaching us you can accept yourself from forgiveness." He leaned against Tony's side on the desk.
"How you knew? How you knew Steve was there?" Rhodey asked him surprised.
"I am a failure in love, master," Steve said sadly.
In the compound, they found the team already prepared and gathered in the meeting room. While Steve was talking to Natasha, Tony was in charge of preparing the slides of the project he was going to discuss with the whole team. Being there reviewing the presentation, he felt proud and so excited that he even forgot about the reason of his laziness to get out of bed that morning.
"Please," Tony insisted.
. That thought drove Tony crazy, and he cried out in pleasure when just then he felt Steve press his cock the way he liked it. "Tony," he heard Steve say with a grunt as he felt Steve's hard cock behind him. Tony couldn't take it anymore. He turned around and started kissing Steve fiercely dragging him against the wall. He wanted to devour him, make him his, he wanted Steve to be his. And as if Steve read his thoughts, he broke the kiss and gasped, "Fuck me." Tony growled and kissed him again, reaching into his pants. He took Steve's cock and remembered the sensations of having it in his hands. He gave him a hard stroke and heard Steve groan ecstatically. At last he could please him, a hidden desire that came true. Steve stopped again and stared at him intently before turning around, pulling down his pants. Tony looked at those beautiful buttocks and squeezed them listening to Steve's pleased moan. Then he thought it might be painful, but Steve surprised him once again. "I can handle it," he gasped, glancing sideways at him. Tony wet his fingers and tried to lubricate Steve's entrance with his saliva. "Tony," the despair in Steve's voice made him lose his sanity once more and he dared to just put the head of his cock. The growls of both merged into one, and Tony saw Steve throw his head back. "Fuck me," Steve said once more, and Tony thrust his entire cock into Steve until he rested his head on his back. That was too much, Tony couldn't move. He was inside Steve. Suddenly, he noticed how Steve's body trembled completely, Tony could feel the sea of emotions that surrounded Steve. Tony stroked his back and heard him sigh and relax a little. He ran his hand down Steve's abdomen until he took his cock and heard him moan. He stroked his cock several times before trying to move inside of him. Then when he did, when he finally moved, he heard Steve's moan of pleasure. He began to move slowly along with his strokes resting one of his hands on Steve's waist. Little by little the rhythm grew and also the gasps of both. Steve said his name over and over, and Tony couldn't think of anything else but to make him cum. When a movement hit Steve's prostate making him cry out, Tony felt a fury break loose in his body. He would make Steve cum screaming his name, because he would be marking him with his essence forever. Tony's thrusts drove them both into a frenzy, until Steve arched his back to cum with all his might and Tony exploded inside him.
