"I think you're making a mistake," Mycroft says, as he takes the pen and paper back from Robert, "We could get through this if we would work together," he writes
He'd received a few texts and a call from John in the midst of the case. He'd only texted back that he was on a case and he'd talk when he was done.   The one call he could tell Hamish had been terribly upset by Sherlock's absence. John had been trying to cover it up by keeping the phone away from him and muting the sound with his hand. Sherlock asked John to text only after that call, in case he was at a crime scene.
John pulls Sherlock back into his bedroom (their bedroom) peeling off Sherlock's shirt, grabbing at his pants, his belly. They giggle at each other, this is absolutely ridiculous; always murders and then laughing and making love, the two of them, the only two in the world.
"Sherlock, look at me, please," John tipped his head up, catching Sherlock's face, "I've tried so hard to tell you. But you didn't seem to be listening. I want you. I'm in love with you."
"Let me do this, John, please," Sherlock nuzzled into John's neck, nipping playful bites, sucking on his skin. His cock slipped in between his cheeks just a bit more, but he didn't penetrate him. He just rubbed, and fit himself in between, lazily rocking himself against him. His skin slapped against John's, sweat causing them to stick together. Sherlock felt a deep pull to rut, to push, to grab onto John and push him into himself.
Sherlock was terrified. Should he leave? Should he ask him if it was good? What does one do in cases like this-
You're supposed to be here, right fucking here. Anderson got caught in the quick release. We couldn't undo it. Jesus, where the fuck were you."
"You don't have to look so smug about it," John smacks Sherlock with a pillow before rolling over to sleep.
was impossible to fully ignore. As the mic squealed when tapped, John noticed everyone winced, but Sherlock was completely still. Sherlock watched the crowd, but didn't react himself. Instead, he turned his chair so he could both see the speaker and the audience at the same time.
As John is describing the scene and warning them of the smell in the building, Lestrade pulls up in his personal vehicle, with Molly climbing out of the passenger seat. Sherlock raises his eyebrows to give John a look, and he giggles.
"I don't think Mr. Detective quite fits anymore. I'd like to call you Papa, if you wouldn't be offended. I didn't consider you my second daddy, or my other daddy, until Amanda suggested it. But I realize that it fits very much with how I feel. I want you around forever, and I think daddy does, too."
John turned in to face him, moving his chair a little closer. He whispered to him, "You are blood of my blood and bone of my bone. Why would I not want you to be happy?"
He watched Sherlock smoothly navigate his car into a spot in front of the station. Sherlock winked at him as he smoothly exited the car, giving John a chance to look at his arse as he did so. John looked at his scrubs, comically underdressed compared to the other man, and jogged to catch up to the long-legged interpreter. He started to type out his note asking for his number to take him on a date but got distracted watching him walk, the lean muscles of his thighs and forearms swinging in tandem. He was beautiful, constantly looking around him. He turned, waving at John to catch up.
John's parents were extremely proud. John's main job was construction, in addition to helping at the restaurant, so not everything rose and fell on being successful in the theatre.
His older brother had boxed his ears for staring but he just couldn't help it. He'd never seen that look on his brother's face. Sherlock didn't understand why his brother's cheeks were mottled pink and his ears red, nor why he was breathing so heavily. He was just standing there, barely touching another man!
John keeps his head down, murmuring, whispering. He feels, knows, Sherlock's breath is speeding up, more ragged. There is guilt, but he pushes it down. He wants to ask Sherlock if he will act like he did with Janine, with Irene; love and forget. Use and move on.
"John, please, I want to, want to come, with you, please," Oh, Sherlock is begging and John cannot deny him. Sherlock passes him the lubricant and John slicks his two first fingers, entering Sherlock slowly, as he's entering Sherlock, he's teasing the head of his cock with his tongue. Sherlock is grinding himself in circles, flushed.
"Every moment he can be spared from the navigation room, I've seen them together.," Julie explained, quietly, with a look of pity.
"He wants us," He swallows a sob, "You and I to go to his parents' house for Christmas. To start over. He's so insistent on it, Jesus," Sherlock crying, Sherlock broken in the hospital, more tears, "He said. He said it would be good for us to all be there. Put everything behind us."
John pulls his detective, his love, to him and wraps himself around him. Grabs the blankets to pull up over them. Sherlock's eyes are wide and his brow furrowed. John strokes his face a few minutes until he relaxes into his touch; smiling slightly when John begins to speak.
John walked out, and Sherlock could hear he and Hamish chatting away as they walked down the hallway.
John was lying on the bed, Sherlock was leaning back, on his knees, on either side of John's hips. He reached his fingers back and opened himself slightly, before leaning forward, perching himself on his heels, lowering his body onto John's erection. John gasped, arching, Sherlock whispering into his ear, "I told you I loved you, that I was so sorry," John pulled his head back, just slightly, so he could look into his eyes, "When you were shot, I told you, I would love you forever, till death to us part, and I'd loved you forever. I've always loved you, John."
The wedding guests milled around wooden casks of mulled wine, most of each groom's families not wandering from their own clan. The colors of tartan were mostly the blues of Holmes and yellow of Lestrades, but a few stood out like Sherlock. A few wore deep red, a few wore green blue and one old man had on a tartan of white.
John couldn't breathe. He let the towel drop to the floor, and went over to Sherlock, kneeling at his feet, "Please, Sherlock, is this my gift? You are so gorgeous."
"I'm sorry, I don't know why I'm crying," Sherlock said, putting his hand over one of John's. John brushed Sherlock's tears off his cheeks, moving his hands back, lifting his hair up off his neck.
John was not a case. He was more difficult. He considered possible discussions with Greg about John, none of them he could see ending well. Did Greg know, and let him suffer in silence? Or was Greg truly ignorant of John's love and affection?
Sherlock looked back at Daemon, who took a step forward, "John, we can stay in the living room. Or in the bar. I just don't think you should be completely alone."
Sherlock watched as John put lube on his fingers, wrapping them around Sherlock as he placed the condom on. He nearly orgasmed from that touch alone. Then, John took his fingers, preparing himself for Sherlock's cock. He drove one finger in and out, moaning, twisting himself on the bed, "Watch me," John begged, taking Sherlock's hand and placing it on his inner thigh, "think about me, wet and hot, just for you- Sherl-" he moaned, pushing a second an a third finger inside himself, scissoring them, pulling his quivering ring of muscle more open in preparation for his lover. Sherlock felt dizzy, staring at his erection, wondering how it would dare fit in that small of a space.
"Is Hamish ok?" Sherlock crawled up onto the bed, eyes shifting and looking over John's face, lit from the light pouring in from the hallway.
Sherlock clicked his fingertips against the waiting room chair, tapping against the plastic edging of the laptop. Daemon threw up a crumpled Playbill into the air and caught it, muttering to himself.
"John...shhhh...I'm here. It's ok. Don't go where I can't follow. He's right. Mycroft is never wrong. But we will be ok. Put your hands down, let me see your eyes."
As they exited the room they smelled the fire roaring and heard the family talking in the large common room. John took Sherlock's arm, wrapping his hand around his bicep and tucking him in close by his side. Sherlock stumbled as his vision swam. He was suddenly thirsty and dizzy with hunger.
He sees that as he's been casually walking, storm clouds have been appearing in the distance. John grins, and breaks into a run, hoping to reach the cabin before it starts to rain.
John turned Sherlock so he could see him. He smiled up at him, his grin crinkling his eyes, "Oh God yes."
Mycroft looks sympathetically at John, then addresses Sherlock, "Is this what we need to do, Sherlock?"
He waits 2 hours. Goes outside, walks through the alleyways and through small parks. He knows she will find him.
He remembers, as he rubs his hands on the cool table, cracking his knuckles, the feeling of Sherlock's cheeks turning cold, his color graying as he waits an eternity for emergency services. He is a doctor, a doctor that went to war. He understands now why Mycroft was Sherlock's confidant when he decided to jump off the building and survive. He imagines this is the feeling, peeking over the edge, but trusting implicitly that the older Holmes brother will be ready to put all the pieces into place.
Six months ago, he may have felt melancholy sipping on this gift, but now he uses the memories to fuel his resolve. The moves and counter moves play in his mind as he swallows; a comfortable burn as it goes down.
He raises up off the top step, walks slowly into the kitchen. Robert is standing, looking out the back bay window. Robert doesn't turn around. Mycroft comes right up behind him, wrapping his arms around his middle. They are nearly the same height, so Mycroft rests his chin on his shoulder.
John looked at Greg, "I didn't point at her. I promise. She and I struck up a friendly conversation. I was lonely. Invited her back to my place. That was it! Nothing more than that. We shared some drinks. She was willing, we got a little loud, it's been a long time."
Down the path from his parents' large house, Sherlock saw the foundation of a new blackhouse rising from the ground. As his parents and he walked closer, he noticed a stone horse paddock was marked out, and an off site kitchen hut. Sherlock wrinkled his brows.
John, in a wave of bravery, in a wave of recklessness, leaned into him, "Have you thought more, about not annuling the marriage after the case?"
He proceeded to talk about his history, making a point to turn away from the interpreters. It was apparent Sherlock had decided to give his own presentation on what John said, so there was no reason for John to stay turned for him to lip read.
"What happened to 23 hours!" I spit blood. "22 hours and 15 minutes is how long you have to live, nobody said I couldn't have a little fun.
I don't realize I'm laughing until I receive a stern look from father and mummy asks me what's so funny. "Ask Mike." I chuckle. Receiving another stern look, "Sorry father." I mumble. Mycroft smirks, "Mummy, I do have reason to believe Sherlock is in love." "With a male or female?" Father asks. Mycroft simply bows his head. "That is quite enough dinner tonight." Father gets up and walks away. "Right now we'll be going to our room." Mummy replies disappointed in, not father, but my brothers and I.
The thought astonishes John. It’s the last thing he thought he’d ever worry about. It has never been an issue before.
“Good morning,” he said, the words never having been so true, and followed Sherlock as he moved them in an intricate order of turns across the cold kitchen floor.
“Just shut up, you arse,” John chuckled quietly and rested his head on the comfy pillow. If Sherlock replied, he didn’t hear it anymore. The exhaustion had already overcome him.
people, if he simply could’ve asked him. It once again dawned on Sherlock what great an advantage it was to have John, the embodiment of common sense, by his side. But what use was it if the doctor himself was the problem he was facing?
Sherlock feels something stirring in his guts, something acidic and revolting. This isn’t fair. “You still don’t understand, do you?”
Big, pearly tears disentangle themselves from John’s lashes and drop down his cheek. His voice breaks. “I just want to be with you,” he chokes out. “I just want to come home. I just want to come home. Please.”
If he didn’t have visual confirmation, John would never have guessed that the voice forming his name belonged to Sherlock—hoarse and shaky and forlorn. Sherlock stepped into the light of the sitting room lamp that reached the kitchen and hesitantly stopped next to Mycroft, their shoulders almost touching. More than the deep purple colour of the bruise-like shadows under his puffy eyes or his suppliant posture, it was this gesture of wilful closeness to his brother that sealed it: Sherlock was not okay. He was as far from being okay as John had ever seen him, even at his darkest hours. He looked positively demolished, with his messy hair and yesterday’s wrinkly clothes clinging to his lean chest. John swallowed heavily. This was his fault.
“But what did Jason and Cal fight about in the first place then if not the ring? Didn’t Jason want him to leave or what?”
John had admittedly been a little concerned that Sherlock had not thought things through completely until his friend stated that Rosie would need a room of her own eventually when she was older and they might as well get used to only having one bedroom to themselves. Despite the matter-of-fact tone bordering on irritation, John’s insides had warmed with contentment given Sherlock’s long-term plans for their living arrangement. This form of commitment began to thaw some of the icy insecurity that had clung to him since he and the Holmes brothers had been Eurus’ captives. “Look at him,” had Mycroft said. “What is he? Nothing more than a distraction, a little scrap of ordinariness for you to impress, to dazzle with your cleverness. You’ll find another.” And although Sherlock had dismissed everything as an act of provocation so that he would find it easier to shoot Mycroft, the words had stuck with John and nagged on his insides like a parasite. Since they had moved back in together, it had shrunk every day. Sherlock drove him up the walls as usual and strained his mental and physical abilities in every way imaginable but he never, not for one second, made him believe that he was replaceable.
“John, what—,” was all he managed to get out as he stepped into the room like a moth being drawn in by the flame.
Sherlock watches the car drive off through the sheer fabric of the curtains before he finally turns away.
Sherlock bites his lip, the fluttering feeling in his stomach being replaced by a cannonball. Everything in his body revolts as his tongue forms the words “That’s… unfortunate.”
This chapter mentions abuse (not detailed)! If this triggers you, please take precautions and be safe <3
He doesn’t know how but he gets through the next six days of the honeymoon without having a nervous breakdown. And without fighting with Mary.
on a regular basis. You shouldn’t change the whole way you two communicate just because it’s his wedding. That’s just confusing.”
For a second, the urge to just grab John, to pull him and Rosie close and never let either of them go again is irresistible, burning in Sherlock’s muscles like wildfire.
Sherlock acknowledged John’s waning resistance by tightening his grip around John’s waist, bringing his body flush and lowly murmuring in his ear: “I’m sure you’ll have other… more pressing matters to attend to.”
“He’s definitely not here,” Sherlock warbled, his hands behind his back, as they reached the Rowley’s flat.
First and foremost, he needed data. Data formed the universe’s fabric. Data brought sense and logic and security.
John loved watching them; the way Sherlock talked to her in that special low voice, the way he peppered her little body with kisses and nuzzles until Rosie giggled and squealed with joy.
Swiftly kissing Mary’s forehead as she crosses to the bathroom, John agrees: “When we come back I want to be as brown as a hazelnut and five pounds heavier.”
“Leaving you? Don’t tell me you’re chiming in on this whole thing now, too. I cherish you, Sherlock, as a friend.” John’s voice, calm even now, made Sherlock’s stomach turn. “And it’s not like I am the one that faked his death and disappeared for two years.”
He keeps a close eye on Sherlock throughout the ceremony, half expecting him to raise his hand when the vicar asks if anyone opposes the union. But everything goes smoothly.
“Do you have to do that now?” Sherlock asked, letting his head rest on John’s shoulder. His curls tickled John’s temple, their addictive scent easily drowning out the citrus aroma of the dish soap.
Before long, he finds what he’s looking for: a small newsstand right outside his bribery radius. The owner is about to close for the night but still happily sells Sherlock three packs of cigarettes and a lighter. The quip about his rushed demeanour only peripherally touches Sherlock’s ears as he rips the pack open.
Silence spread between them like thick, sticky jelly. What were you supposed to do after such a question? Sherlock could only consult the memory of his own more than embarrassing experience when John had asked him to be his best man. That hadn’t been ideal either. Should they hug? Preposterous. They never hugged.
“There wasn’t any time but he knows that she’s safe. Cal confirmed that they were supposed to meet. He told her to pack some clothes and wait for him in the hide-out after school.”
Before Sherlock could protest, John turned him around, exposing his back to the light. The sight made his heartbeat stumble: A wild clutter of scars expanded over Sherlock’s skin, an abstract painting of distorted flesh and warped skin. John scanned the damage with expertly glances; These cuts, deep and overlapping, had to have been inflicted over hours or even days, given and reopened by precise violence until the skin hang positively in tatters. How come he had never seen them before?
For a second, John looked utterly confused before his expression melted into something incomprehensibly soft. “I’m not thinking about Mary when I’m with you.”
John readily sags against him and Sherlock steadies him, holds him upright, carries the weight for him a little while.
John let the unmasked affection in his voice wash over himself, once again amazed by the fact that there was nothing holding them back from expressing their love anymore. For a few achingly sweet heartbeats, they remained joined at arms and faces, the sheer joy radiating of their little family choking a few tears out of both their eyes.
His own cock minutes away from simply bursting, John pushed Sherlock to his back and began to make his way downward, leaving bite marks and purple spots wherever he pleased. Sherlock squirmed beneath him, his melodious moans closer to whining now. He couldn’t take the waiting much longer and John, for once, was determined to not be cruel. He was already reaching for his bedside table when the sobering memory hit his endorphin-drenched brain and a sigh escaped against Sherlock’s navel. How could he have forgotten about that?
” that lets her ride on his shoulders and teaches her about bees and stars and disembowelment (if John doesn’t watch him very carefully).
John’s fears or hopes—or whatever it is that’s currently dancing before his eyes—are coming true when Sherlock clears his throat and speaks to the camera: “John, you know I’m neither particularly skilled nor experienced when revealing my emotions. Victor Hugo once said
For the first time in months—years if he’s honest—John wakes up and is excited for what the new day may bring. Maybe even more unusual is that he’s actually feeling rested, he ponders as he turns to his side and relishes the last traces of sleepiness slowly lifting from his brain like early morning fog.
“Dad, I’m going to say things now I’ve carried with me for a long time, decades even. I know you didn’t want to hear them when you were alive but you’re not anymore, so… you’ll have to listen to me now. Because I have to tell you, should’ve told you back then. Back when Harry moved out, when you basically kicked her out just because she brought home a girl. I should’ve told you then but I was so scared of you. Of you and your anger and your disappointment.”
“I’ll start,” Stella said as soon as everyone was settled. “Never have I ever broken the law and got away with it.” She giggled again. “And no, I’m not going to arrest anyone tonight, so, be honest!”
He treads to his room, throws on the first clothes he gets his hands on, and makes for the door. As he steps out onto the landing, the chair seems to call after him, taunting him in a high mock version of a familiar voice.
Rosie nestled her cold little nose in the crook of his neck and John grabbed her tighter. It was a shame that his daughter would grow up without a proper grandmother. John knew, that Greta would have coddled the little girl with all the warmth and kindness she had swathed her own kids in. God, how he missed her.
As he reached down and grabbed one of the cartons, a sad smile fought its way up to his lips. Buying milk. This used to be such an innocent annoyance when they had first moved in together, a cause for infinite bickering and countless jokes.
Taken by surprise, Sherlock took a moment to answer. “It just… made me so angry that she assumed you weren’t doing what’s best for Rosie. She shouldn’t—no one should be allowed to talk to you like this. Not on my watch.”
There were still secret, ash coloured corners in his mind that someday, maybe, he would open up to John’s golden embrace if he ever mustered the courage to. Every time he let John catch a glimpse of the desolation that lay behind his barricades, allowing him to see all the ways he was a misfit in this bleak universe, Sherlock was sure that his friend would be appalled. How couldn’t he be? But then John was just… kind to him, kind and calm and steady. Sherlock knew that he could trust him unconditionally when it came to fighting the wars of the world but burdening him with the mountains of pain he carried on his shoulders would certainly break even the bravest of men. He had put John through enough already.
An hour later, Katie picked up Ethan’s biology teacher, Ms. Brower, a redhaired woman around thirty with an aura of sensibility and vulnerability that made John’s stomach clench with his natural protective instincts. This couldn’t possibly be a cold-blooded killer. But in the interrogation, she broke down and confessed to strangling Ethan. They had had an affair since the summer vacation but Ethan was about to break it off. In a fit of rage, she had killed the boy.
“I. am. not. leaving.” To corroborate his words, he climbed back into bed, pulled his blanket up to his waist and crossed his arms, pouting.
Cal nodded, lowering the weapon a little. In the dim light, his arm threw a long, ghostly shadow onto the grimy floor.
“You weren’t ready,” Sherlock assuages John, his thumb rubbing soothing circles on John’s skin. “And you’ve made up for it. No one has ever done anything remotely like that for me. That was disgustingly romantic.”
He looked back at John who had followed his gaze. His eyebrows rose suggestively before he leaned into Sherlock and all but yelled in his ear: “About time! He’d been pining for her for years now.”
He headed upstairs to find Rosie crying in her crib, lifted her to his chest and began to rock her gently in his arms until she finally calmed down. He quickly glanced at his watch and suppressed a sigh as to not wake his daughter up again. It was almost three in the morning. The next day promised to be hellish.
“Sherlock, please, you’re right, okay?” John tries to mollify him, his fury given way to something else, but Sherlock doesn’t want to hear, doesn’t want to stop the torrent of words he’s suppressed so long. He begins to pace the sitting room.
“Changed your mind then, have you? Earlier, you literally begged me to help you,” he says, trying to keep his temper at bay.
The cab ride to the yard and the way John leaned into him, a warm hand on his thigh, had Sherlock’s great mood fully restored. By the time they arrived, he was almost giddy.
Those bloody ridiculous tears were brimming in Sherlock’s eyes again but at least his voice had come back to him in time to object. “But—but then… you’ll know it’s me.”
Every piece of information, every shred of data he had ever acquired about his flatmate was stored between these four walls. Sherlock approached the vast accumulation of documents and pinned additional images to it—
"If you need anything my room is two doors down. Its the black one, and Mycrofts is the blue one. Although I don't recommend bothering him. Umm... oh! We're not allowed out of the rooms past 11 unless told to by Mummy or Father or working." I look over to the clock. "But it's 11:05 right now." "Oh shit! Goodnight, sorry I didn't have time to grab you a spare mattress!" Delilah yelled running out the door. "Oof! Aw! Fuck, Mycroft!" I'm assuming she bumped into Mycroft and now the two are arguing.
"When Sherlock was younger his only friends were Mycroft and I. When Mycroft turned 16 he shut us both out amd niether of us knew why. So Sherlock only being 12 looked up to me for guidance and for a while I gave him some. Then Jim came along, John Jim raped Sherlock. Mycroft and I did nothing to stop it. I'm so ashamed. Sherlock started joining into the wrong crowds. I still tried and tried, but one day I just stopped. And to this day I don't know what Sherlock did between the ages of 13 and 23."
I tap Sherlock on the shoulder, he looks at me raising an eyebrow. "Are you okay?" Sherlock looked down. His father glared at Mycroft, "Um... John we don't talk till dessert and we don't talk unless spoken to by mother or father." Mycroft explains. I look confused, "This only applies for meals." "Yes, that's quite enough explaining Mycroft." Mrs. Holmes says.
Sitting in a bar is all I do now. Going to Sherlocks twice a week, feeding him. Its not like he eats anyways. Lost in thought we both are. It doesn't even phase Mycroft. Nothing ever does.
"Sher (A/N for any confusion Sher is pronounced sure, not cher) will you pass me the salt?" Delilah asks. "Here you go De."
"Anyways, John, I'll get to the point. I am Sherlock's older sister. Now this is the first time I have seen my brother happy in 20 years." "Sherlock's only 23." "My point exactly. Anyways, John you make him happy and you and I both know Sherlock does not show emotion often, or even has a sense of emotion. Just between me and you I don't even know if he is human." She laughs. She doesn't seem like a Holmes. "I'm not really getting to the point am I?" She laughs again. Why does she show emotion and they don't? She stands up to turn on the light so she can look me in the eye. "Well, he really likes you and Mycroft and I think he is in love, but we're not sure." She says quickly I almost didn't understand her. "Okay, okay. I'm sorry, let me talk slower, ha-ha a 25 year should get this nervous around something like this." I notice she is scratching her arms as she talks. "I just, I don't know what to do right he's my little brother and everything." Her arm starts to bleed. "You're bleeding!" I cut her off. She looks down at her arms, "Oh that, ha-ha. That's nothing, but I really must be going." She says walking out of my room, when she closes my door and walks down the stairs, I hear Mycroft yell, "Jesus Christ Delilah!" "I'm sorry!" she squealed. I could hear the tears in her voice. One minute she was laughing about it and now she is crying. What was she hiding from me? I lied in bed listening to their conversation for hours almost about to fall asleep when I hear something interesting. "Yeah, I guess it would be safe to go home now." Mycroft said. "I'm sure John is awake still, maybe talk to him or play the violin." Delilah says "Stay safe okay De." "Yeah, haha. Way to open old wound right?" she laughs but I can tell it's not a joke. The door slams, Sherlock begins playing the violin. I'm drifting to sleep when I suddenly recognize the song he is playing. 'We Wish You a Merry Christmas'. The last thing on my mind was: tomorrow is Christmas.
After that night Jim was gone, the beatings continued but less. The children learned their lesson. But dinner was awkward, timing was strict. Mycroft was no longer a child but of course as family tradition holds it, the oldest cannot move out, he/she must take the property and pass it along to their children.  When Sherlock turned 16 he left, an 18 year old Delilah stayed with Mycroft and his parents as he could use "help" around the property. Meaning he needed his best friend. Sherlock moved to a little apartment or flat. 221 B Baker Street was his new home, but he couldn't pay for it himself. This leads us to today......
Ever since this man moved in, Mycroft was still being beaten and dealing with it by becoming a bully of his own, especially to the two kids he stopped calling brother and sister. Delilah was beaten, cut and bossed, which of course was nothing new. But it was different coming from this man, someone they didn't know and he didn't know them. She cut her own wrist when someone wasn't hurting her for herself, it was almost as if she missed the pain. Sherlock on the other hand, the poor little 11 year old, had it so much worse. He knew what the man was doing and Sherlock hated himself for it because a voice in the back of his mind knew he even liked it a bit. Soon he found himself participating even, but that didn't stop him from getting hit, he got hit harder and more often because the man took a liking to him.
We walk farther through the cemetery hundreds of Holmes are buried here. But we stop in front of another grave and its marked:
We each sat down. Me and Sherlock next to each other across from Mycroft. Mr. Holmes at the head of the table and Mrs. Holmes at the other end. Delilah is yet to show. "Ah, not to worry Mr. Watson Delilah will be here any minute." Mr. Holmes voice booms. Maids and waiters served us Christmas dinner.
"John, John. Wake up." "Mmmm." "Your going to miss your shift at the hospital." John jumped up and fell off the couch. I busted out laughing, "Thank you, John. That is the first time I have laughed in years." "Jesus Christ Sherlock!" I get up and get dressed, about to grab my jacket when John asks, "Where are you going?" "Oh, Molly has a body for me."  "Together then?" John holds out his hand, I take it. "Together."
I shoot the wall, what could they possibly want to talk to me about? Suddenly Ms. Hudson says, "Oh dear, that's my bloody wall Sherlock." "I'll pay for it and the many damages that will happen again." Delilah said from behind the fragile old woman. "Sherlock, you've got guests." Ms. Hudson says smiling and walking away. "What do you want?" I growl. "You and John....." Mycroft begins sitting down. "How do you feel around him?" Delilah interrupts, oh mummy wouldn't like that. "Confused, wanting to hold him every second, longing, I believe what they call butterflies are in my stomach...." I stop midsentence as Mycroft and De look at each other. "What is it? I whisper looking to my older sister. Her lips slightly part before she says something, clearly thinking how to put, so I would understand. She was the only one of us three that had feelings, yet she always said they were a disadvantage, although she is the smartest one of us, whether Mycroft likes to admit it or not. I'm lost in thought when De slowly says, "Sherlock, you're....." She paused as if she was upset to say it, "in love."
, you always post a photo that includes you and Greg. If the photos are of a group, if the group includes his ex wife or my brother, they are completely or partially cropped from the photo.  I would imagine you didn't attend his wedding 8 years ago to his first spouse, Abigail, for the same reason you didn't attend the one to my brother two weeks ago. You are in love with him. It was too painful."
Sherlock pinches at John's arse, pulling him deep, surprising him. He plunges in response, pressing him down into a kiss of tongues and teeth. They rock, slowly, but sharply, Sherlock stroking himself in time to every thrust John gives.
Robert writes, but says "This is about us. It has to be. It was in the conference room seat where I always sit for our group meetings. I am up for a promotion, and others in the office have heard me talk about wanting to be ,with you. We can't do this." Robert writes
Sherlock and Hamish were both indignant. Sherlock mentioned that knowing information about leaves would be valuable in detective work, and Hamish huffed that he was almost done and if he let him finish he wouldn't bring it to Sherlock's flat. Sherlock offered to help Hamish finish the experiment and clean up the mess.
John looked ashamed, tired. Again, he rubbed the mustache and his leg, "But you're like Hamish. You are smart enough to figure all that out."
Sherlock tried to gulp air into his lungs. Did John expect to use the oil right now? Was that part of the betrothal process? Is that why William had bathed him and Tavis had given him the unscented oil to carry on him at all times? Was he expected to just do it with him whenever he wanted?
John withdrew his fingers and laid himself on top of Sherlock. He rested himself in between his thighs, grabbing his cock, rubbing the tip of his engorged member on Sherlock's stretched hole.
Sherlock stood, trailing part of the tartan behind him, leaving the kilt on the bed. He quietly tiptoed to his door, listening for voices. He heard the voice of his father and another male voice. From down the hallway, and with their backs turned, he couldn't tell who his Da was speaking with. He couldn't imagine it was anyone other than John Watson, but he couldn't tell from the mumbled voice.
He doesn't realize he's yelled out loud until Mycroft is near him, Sherlock is whispering somewhere. He can't open his eyes. Everything hurts.
He hates Jim's voice. His toes curl. His palms sweat. He smells chlorine. Again. (God, will it always be this way?) He has to remember to breathe. He tries to remember the Afghan dirt and sun, wishing the memories of Jim, and what he drove Sherlock to do, weren't more painful than being shot. More painful than believing he was dying.
John knows by the looks Mycroft and Robert are giving each other that Sherlock is texting. They aren't sharing out loud, so John doesn't ask. Mycroft is his commander for this mission, so the information will be given if it is necessary.
Sally, who was curious and a little taken aback by Sherlock bringing someone to the crime scene, asked, "Who is this person?"
The next few weeks pass without much incident. 221B is being slowly repaired, John and Mary text or call occasionally under the rouge of working on their relationship. John has become used to Sherlock being near him morning, day, and night; he knows his detective, without cases, is becoming bored and restless. John does his best to keep his mind from being bored by discussing the case. Sometimes it works, to John's amazement, Sherlock would rather kiss, make love, or cuddle with him. They both feel the countdown of the clock; eventually, near Christmas, John will have to return to Mary. He wants to enjoy every bit with his detective.
There was a very long pause before the wife responded. And she responded with just a few signs. Sherlock responded with a few back. Sherlock took John's phone, typed some phrases, then gave it back to Dimmock. John couldn't quite see what was being written, but Dimmock gestured for his police partner to come over. Dimmock texted something back to Sherlock, handing it to John.
John looked up at Sherlock and burst into laughter. Sherlock smiled back and started laughing, tears in his eyes.
John looked at Sherlock for a moment, raising his eyebrows. Sherlock responded, "Sorry, I just mean you look really good now. From what I remember. From before."
"No, why would I be mad? I'm crying because I'm happy," Sherlock smiled, "I've worked very hard at trying to be nice, and I'm happy you and your daddy think I'm nice."
Mummy and Daddy Holmes look at one another, then back at Billy. In her quietest, motherly voice, "Well, sit back down young man, perhaps you can stay a bit longer."
John and Sherlock watched Hamish for a  moment. John felt Sherlock squeeze his left hand, his finger pinched by the unfamiliar tug of the new ring on his finger.
Mycroft runs to the bedroom door, nearly slipping and falling on his ass (for fuck's sake, can he not walk upright around this man?) He yells to stop Robert before he gets to far off the stair landing, "How the hell do you know about the Magnussen deadline project?"
This left John and Sherlock with an excuse to be alone outside for a few moments. They were still standing incredibly closed.
Even after Sherlock turned off the water, they held each other for a few moments, slipping against each other. They didn't have clean towels in the bathroom, so they held hands, Sherlock leading, to walk naked into the hallway into Sherlock's room.
John had felt guilt at times, cleaning, repairing the house, but Sherlock was here. At least in between cases. From the first days of dating Sherlock he knew he was committed. He couldn't tell if the commitment was more of Hamish's devotion to Sherlock or his. It must have been an equal blend of both. Falling in love with Mr. Detective was not euphoric, or dizzying, but the completion of a puzzle, or of rest after hours and years of difficult labor, or finding the perfect home to match everything they didn't know they needed.
The air was cold and their breath puffed out from under the quilt. Sherlock watched as John, in one swift motion, grabbed at a vial under his pillow and rolled Sherlock underneath him.
Hamish looked thoughtful, "My daddy gets upset, and sometimes I think I know why, but I'm not sure. He gets upset when I ask."
They shudder, shake, holding each other. John has never, ever, felt anything so wild and gorgeous as Sherlock slack in his arms. A few tears trickle from his eyes and Sherlock kisses them away.
"Sorry, I am so sorry," is all John whispers as he jumps out of the ambulance, his bones jarred against the pavement, the shock of the small jump all the way up from the balls of his feet to his hips. He feels Sherlock reach and grab his wrist, feeling his pulse, his skin, just shaking his head. They do not break the tether of their eyes.
Sherlock sighed, letting Gavin wash his face. He assured them he was fine, that what he really needed was to be washed, some food and to sleep. Eric agreed to run and find William and Price went to find John. Tavis took Sherlock back to his room, where he'd returned to staying since he'd recovered after his fall. John had taken to saying good night to Sherlock and sleeping outside, working on pieces of their future home by torch light and lamps.
"I will slowly work you open, using my fingers. If you let me, I will kiss you open using my tongue and lips, wetting every bit of you before I fill you with my fingers. When you are writhing, only then will I push into you. You will feel full, and uncomfortable, but soon I will learn your body. I will find that place inside you that causes pleasure, driving against it, and your climax will be greater than anything you've ever felt, my darling."
The police force and helicopter pilot are all staying in a small inn under the guise they are acting in an episode of a new BBC crime drama. An exec at BBC Three has agreed to tweet behind the scenes photos to add to the authenticity.
John hugs Sherlock to him tightly. Sherlock continues to lightly stroke John's hair. They do not talk or move from the bed until the nurse and Mycroft pay another visit, bringing food and more medicine.
He swears he can hear Sherlock's violin, but that makes no sense. The only sounds are a bit of wind rustling the trees. He listens more closely, everyone else is asleep. He must not have been screaming. John remembers the jeep ride and yesterday's hospitality. It was a fun evening; he felt like a little boy, it had been fun to be the center of attention for once.
He allows John to guide him, quickly, into to the bathroom and helps him to strip naked in between running the taps as hot as they can stand.
Sherlock leaned in and kissed John, caging him in with his arms, "I was making last minute wedding preparations. The music, getting an idea on how long the vows had to be. I'm always keeping an eye out for anything out of the ordinary, but I've just been thinking about marrying you," Sherlock cleared his throat, not making eye contact with John, "I'm sorry."
"We normally do that, John, when we aren't running through the wilderness or hopping planes to other countries."
"Sherlock, Sherlock honey," John put everything down and came to his side, "Are you ok? Are you hurting?"
Roderick stares at John. Sherlock grabs at John, holding him, "John, now is not the time, my love. Soon. You saw the photos. You've seen him before. Now is not the time."
"Cousins! We found him. He was back behind the south path. He was afraid his beloved was angry with him for what was said to the old fool."
They discuss work, their family. Mycroft would usually be bored talking to someone this long. He's not. Not bored at all.
After waiting for 45 minutes, John sees an old jeep start to pull up the road, crunching gravel underneath the tires. John slowly moves out into the middle of the road, holding up his hand. He approaches the driver cautiously after they stop.  It's a young couple, out on a casual date.
He sits in his chair, willing his mind to clear and allow him to flip through his files. He is fixated on the Holmes brothers. They are fascinating; they deeply love each other, yet the games they play are so.....delicious.
The company waited for direction from Harry. Everything was unsure at this time. Reports and rumors floated. A coma, wakefulness with muddled speeches, parents waiting at Anderson's bedside for a word on his condition. The theatre company waited, together, at the theatre.
Mycroft runs his fingers over Robert's short, brown curls. He's never been tactile, but he can't stop touching him, "Christmas day? You'll take the brunt of Christmas Day?"
Billy continues his leisurely pursuit. Her hair is  a similar blonde color, possibly a bit darker, but most people who know her should be able to recognize her. She weaves into an alley. He follows, climbing up a fire escape so he can watch her from above. He is light and silent.
Sherlock stepped out of the shower and into a towel John held in his arms. John wrapped Sherlock up, cradling him against his chest, John's lips reaching Sherlock's jaw, "You smell heavenly, Sherlock." He said, handing Sherlock the clothes. As he dressed, John watched him, letting his eyes roam over his lean frame.
As Sherlock began to question the Sheriff on the other suspicious accidents, her radio cracked. Dispatch provided a code and the Sheriff turned away and stepped back, muffling the voice on the radio. Harry, John, Sherlock and the four other carpenters looked at each other as the Sheriff barked orders over the radio. She kept walking away, so her voice was muffled in the black curtains.
Even though they slept in different bedrooms, there was something comforting in hearing others rustling around in the house. Sherlock wasn't looking forward to his first morning when Hamish wasn't his alarm clock. His few days here were happy, and he was thankful of the situation that left him with John to take care of him.
Sherlock held on to his brother's arm as the room had begun to spin. He laid down on his front, his face pressed against the comforter. His forehead grounded against the mattress seemed to help the worst of the dizziness. Invalid? Wasting away? He was moving. His head felt hollowed by radiating pain, and he preferred his eyes closed, but he had to get up. He had to find John.
When he is home, he runs up the stairs, peeling off his filthy clothes, shaking hands hardly letting him run the taps for a bath. He does his best to scrub away the feeling of Mary's gun touching his skin, her breath in his ear, her unflinching look at she shot a corpse at their feet.
"Mycroft," Robert huffs, pulling himself up further. He crosses his arms, over Mycroft's stomach, and rests his chin on his hands. He looks up into Mycroft's face, "I am talking to
John lays on the floor, wrapping himself around him, "Sshh. Why are we hurting each other? I'm sorry. I just. Jesus, Sherlock."
Sherlock looked at John with his eyebrows furrowed. John looked back at him, leaning closer so their noses were almost touching, "Yes, Sherlock, I can cook. I am quite the catch." He winked, then kissed Sherlock's nose. Sherlock pulled back a little bit, then did something new, he giggled. John, still holding Sherlock's hand, led him downstairs to the bar, his parents following behind.
Looking over Sherlock, still turned towards him when they fell asleep locked into each other's eyes, he decides he will be slow, tender, the same he always imagined. He raises from the bed, Sherlock mumbles and reaches for John.
Now, in this small, rented flat, Mycroft observes his little brother. His little brother who never fit in, his little brother who never opened up, is now this man who can hardly keep his hands to himself regarding his beloved Doctor. He is happy. Sherlock is truly, dizzily, happy in love and he's doing his best to focus on Mycroft but they both know Sherlock, for once, is less than focused on the case.
John was fascinated by the tall brunett. How could he, if he were Deaf himself, interpret what was being said? He ignored Greg, and spoke again.
"Are we ok, Sherlock? I don't want to ruin us. That would kill me. Are we ok?" John moved forward, sitting at Sherlock's feet. He'd tucked his knees up and wrapped his arms around them.
"We always knew're laddie Johnny was a soft'un for th'poor an' wea'r sex. Ne'er thou't 'ed go to th' ver' poor Holmes clan."
Sherlock smiled, knowing exactly where to go next. He took a moment to wrap the Forsythia and the Flowering Currant with the green ribbon. He ran at a breakneck pace towards the stables on his property. When he arrived, he didn't see anything. Finally, at the corner of the building a colored rock caught his eye. In the distance, he could hear laughing and singing. He had an idea, before he opened the note, where it would lead him next.
Jim calls Seb from a secure line off of the work site. He does his best to keep his voice even, to keep it from cracking. Seb can tell Jim is tired, worried, ready for this part to be over and for Mary to be gotten rid of.
After the lighting is dimmed, and Mycroft sits himself on the couch, Anthea goes downstairs to let Mary in.
John stopped speaking as Sherlock pushed through the last bit of resistance and he was fully seated into John. He snapped his hips, again and again, the only sound their moans and the slapping of Sherlock's pelvis and thighs against John's. He tried his best to reach around to find John's cock to stroke, but there was too much sensation, he kept losing his grip as another wave of approaching orgasm struck him. He felt John push backwards and forwards against his own thrusts as Sherlock's stomach pulled upward. As Sherlock came, John cried out, crying Sherlock's name as he turned his head into this pillow. Sherlock shook, holding onto John, unsure of what to do. As always, John was patient, and willing to walk Sherlock through each step.
Sherlock, still looking so young, so doe eyed, lets John guide him back into their flat, into Sherlock's bedroom.
Sherlock stopped near the intersection, pulling at his hair, "Every possible motive makes no sense. Why? Why this theatre? Why Anderson?"
"Sherlock, were they nice to you?" Sherlock looked up at John. His face was flushed from the heat of the grill, his muscles of his arms flexing as he balanced the tray and put the food down in front of Sherlock and his family. He couldn't get words to form.
"Ready?" Mycroft clicks. They go upstairs, change into army fatigues and weaponry all brought courtesy of Queen and Country. John is resolved and is slipping back into familiar skin, but is surprised with how easy Mycroft looks and acts as commander.
As Sherlock began to drift into sleep, he heard John singing. John kissed Sherlock's temple every few words. It was an old wedding blessing song, one that was sometimes sang, or read, at formal ceremonies.
"Sherlock-" Mycroft moved to embrace him, but Sherlock put his hand up. Mycroft stayed in the kitchen doorway, searching his face.
Greg huffed, using his finger to push John's jaw and turn his head to the left. "No, you idiot, over there."
John took a moment to review his and Sherlock's bedroom. He hadn't lived with anyone since University or the Army. Living with Sherlock, spending his mornings and evenings with him, would be an altogether different arrangement. John had been looking forward to staying over with Sherlock rather than spending so much extra time traveling back and forth between his old flat and Sherlock's.
The spider, the lying wife, the businessman. There is only one that will be left in all of this. Only one of them can live to see the new year.
"Why are you crying? What's wrong?" John snaps, the words familiar, but he can't remember where he's heard them before.
He follows, wanting to talk, but he doesn't know what to say. His heart is pounding, bursting out of his chest, to finally see his silhouette in the dark, to hear his breathing.
They looked at one another for just a beat, then Sherlock turned with a spin of his heel. Every encounter between them had been quiet and in the middle of the night to avoid disturbing Hamish or Mrs. Hudson. It was midday, the sun was bright, and they were completely alone. The two men took advantage of the privacy. They moaned into each other's mouths, grabbing onto one another, giggling as they pulled ran each other over to get to the bedroom.
He'd called him boyfriend. One day and one night together. This was insane. He didn't do relationships. No one had ever wanted to spend time with him, let alone attach themselves to him so quickly. Was this a joke? He didn't sense that John could lie. His feelings were clear on his face, and he said exactly what he thought. He didn't think John had the time or the inclination for nonsense such as stringing someone along.
"I was engaged to be married once," John began, "Her name was Mary. We had a common witnessed wedding. She was with child. I thought I loved her," John's voice cracked with emotion and Sherlock squeezed his fingers, "She lost her mind. She had delusions that everyone was ready to hurt her. She stopped eating. We lost the baby. She finally…"
With that, John felt Sherlock move even slower. Sherlock still didn't speak, but used his palm to grind John down into the metal bench. He hissed as the metal scratched at him, his shirt the only barrier that kept it from drawing blood. In Sherlock's other hand he held his cock, like a punishing instrument, he continued to use it only to run around the rim of his anus, dipping just the tip of it inside of John.
Sherlock sighed, putting his phone away, "John, I very much doubt you could make me do anything I don't want to do," he leaned down to look into John's face, "What were you trying to do when you fell?"
Tavis looked at Sherlock, his corn blue eyes soft, "I don't know, 'Lock, my da just said your mummy was close to a match. And she was placing you in your betrothed's tartan to draw attention to you when he arrives."
"Sherlock," He said it clipped, raising his eyebrows, "Seems to have threatened them within an inch of their lives if they touched you."
. Had been for longer than he cared to admit. And, being British, and male, he couldn't come out and say it.
Sherlock took a jumping leap and grabbed Mr. Hudson by the forearm attempting to wrestle the gun out of his hand. He heard John yelling for Hamish. Mr. Hudson dropped to the ground, and as he wrestled with him, he was able to grab the gun and slide it away from his reach. With Mr. Hudson's hands free, he took his thick fingers and squeezed around Sherlock's neck. Sherlock felt the room go even darker as he gasped for air, as he felt himself shut down. Suddenly, the pressure was released.
John and Sherlock sit close in the helicopter, in comfortable silence. John's eyes are beginning to close, so Sherlock wraps his arm around him. John grasps the lapels of Sherlock's coat to keep from slipping from his seat when the helicopter pitches. John begins to fall asleep on his shoulder as the helicopter flies a more even path towards London.
Sherlock took a breath, and began, "I follow you, and a lot of my acquaintances' friends, on social media. I go by
John remembers feeling so angry, betrayed, hurt when Sherlock returned. He'd waited as long as he could, and now when he'd moved on, Sherlock had reappeared.
"Oh, my sweet virgin. Sherlock, let me. I will teach you," John wrapped his hand around both their lengths. Sherlock moaned, crying, the slick, soft heat surrounding him. John pulled him tighter, their cocks trapped in between their hipbones and John's pumping fist, "I will put my mouth on you next time. I will draw your seed out of you and swallow it. I'll show you I love you by kissing and tasting every inch of you. I'll use that oil on you, open up your most intimate place, slowly, so gentle. When you're begging, only when you're ready, we will make love. I will be connected to you, inside of you, joined as husbands."
Sherlock kept everything close to the truth, "Yes. I embellish it a bit, but it's close to their traditional dance."
"Come here, my love," Sherlock grabs John by the hips and leads him to the bed, laying him on his back. John watches Sherlock as he grabs the lube out of the bedside table. Sherlock's hair is a mess, he has scruff on his face from not shaving for a few days, and his nails are dirty. He looks absolutely sexy.
"It wasn't even my fault, the detective said," John kept speaking, the others stayed silent, "No matter how safe I made it, he was determined to get his fame and glory. No matter how it happened. No matter how many friends and family loved him. It wasn't enough. He wanted fame at any cost. Even if he brought others down with him. Even if it meant a horrific injury."
Sherlock would not go to prison. There would be riots. He could get Queen and Country to agree to an exile. He wouldn't last six months.
Sherlock pursed his lips and stared at John for a few moments. As the silence became uncomfortable, he growled, "I certainly don't recall welcoming a man into my bed," Sherlock rubbed at his temple, his eyes fixed on John, "I hurt all over. My ribs. My arms. My head absolutely aches."
John sits in the quiet of St. Edwards church. He has Valium in his pocket tucked next to his gun.  (He had Sherlock run chemistry analysis on it; they had giggled at the idea of conquering everything only to have John succumb to a poison plot like
Sherlock held his breath as the clothing was placed on him. He remembered his brother winking at him at the initial betrothal ceremony, after the Lestrade clan had been formally introduced to the Holmes clan. He'd winked, whispering in his ear, "Your turn for a husband next, little brother." Though Mycroft had meant it as a jest, or to cheer his brother up, it had simply filled him with dread. Unlike Mycroft, the younger Holmes had never longed for a family or a husband. He'd longed to be left alone, to keep up with his experiments, to read and write snippets regarding the newest scientific discoveries. Marriage was not part of his plans.
"No, John," Daemon said, stepping right behind Sherlock, "Frankly, I'm going to be having nightmares for years, I was right by Anderson when he-" he covered his eyes with his hand, "I don't want to be by myself. Can I come in with you two?"
John spent the better part of the rest of the day in bed watching Sherlock sleep. He was beautiful. There was no other word for him. Handsome, certainly. Gorgeous could apply. But beautiful, in John's mind, fit his body and soul. As he watched Sherlock,
Hamish's eyes were wide. John glared at Sherlock. This was normally about the time the parents removed children from the conversation as Sherlock tended to either give children nightmares or make them cry.
Sherlock felt affection, and warmth, for  John Watson. He couldn't help moving over and kissing John's lips again. He missed his target, and his lips connected with a tickle of John's beard at the edge of his lips. Sherlock giggled.
As the lead EMT shifted, one of the other medical technicians climbed up the ladder. As more firefighters arrived, they slowly replaced the technicians, keeping the weight balanced.
Sherlock allowed William and Tavis to help him dress. His large plaid was wound around him, tightened by clasp loops and his belt. William assisted Sherlock with his high socks and woven garters. He had never seen fabric so finely created just to cover his feet. He was accustomed to running around the farmstead in worn leather slippers. Today, William dressed him in a pair of Mycroft's decorated
He wasn't sure what John was, yet. John most certainly had, in the past, more sexual experience that Sherlock, who before now had none. He might consider this a fling, or a week long distraction while he was simply working on the set and making it structurally sound.
Sherlock smiled, running his fingertips across his husband's cheekbones and lips. He used his thumbs to wipe the sleep from the corners of his blond eyelids. John sighed, pushing down into the mattress, his legs straddling one of Sherlock's. They rubbed against one another, their skin still soft from the oil of the night before. Sherlock sighed, and began to moan as his prick thickened with the heat and friction of his husband's thighs.
John has had conversations with Sherlock in the back of cabs, at crime scenes, at Buckingham palace in a sheet, while Sherlock was unconscious in a hospital bed. Now, Sherlock is his lover, his best friend, and they are whispering to each other in between kisses and stroking touches. Sherlock had taken up so much of his days, and nights, and thoughts, but it was never enough. It feels lovely and whole to whisper and talk to him, just the two of them, against the rest of the world.
The nurse returned with fish and chips and water, not from the canteen, but from an actual shop. The nurse smiled, "I know you missed your wedding reception. We wanted to get you something better than food from hospital."
John pushed, lowering his hands and spreading Sherlock's arsecheeks wide. He nearly came just from watching his cock disappear into his body, his thighs glistening from sweat. John leaned back, his cock swallowed into tight grasping heat, his release building.
"Sherlock was a nickname. I've always loved my hair long. To my shoulders, or longer, and my cousins called me 'sure of locks' or some such nonsense. It stuck, and was shortened to
Sherlock looked up, licking his lips as he looked at John's body from the top of his head to his feet. John growled, jumping onto the bed and covering Sherlock with his body. He dug his face into the crook of his love's neck, kissing and drawing blood to the surface. He moved down Sherlock's long body, hiking up his kilt. He teased him, "Let's see what's under your kilt, shall we?" John plunged his head under Sherlock's kilt, puffing warm air over his thighs. Without warning, Sherlock's cock was engulfed with hot heat. All Sherlock saw was the outline of John's head bobbing underneath his kilt, the fabric covering his beloved to the middle of his back. He threw his head back as John sucked hard, curling his toes. Sherlock watched as John put his hands under his own kilt, pleasuring himself as he suckled on Sherlock.
Irene went into the middle of the stage, and called up into the fly loft, "Oy, John, this is Sherlock. He's out of work to do in the sewing room and the makeup design is done, so I thought I'd lend him to you,"
The Captain and Sherlock jumped away from each other, and John moved out of the way as the two of them stood in front of the message, whispering and studying the paint as Sherlock looked over each part with his magnifier. As John watched the two of them, he'd never felt more lonely in his life.
John opened his legs, trapping Sherlock's thighs between. Sherlock moaned, adjusting himself so he better fit in the crease of John's inner thigh with John's prick tucked beside it. They rutted against one another.
John thought, as they touched back down on English soil, was it really just yesterday morning he and Sherlock had desperately made love on Sherlock's bed before they'd detonated their flat?
John and Sherlock linked their fingers together, watching the sea and the waves rolling away from the boat. John knew he had to commit this day to memory, he wished so desperately he had a mind palace. If he had one, he knew exactly what he'd fill it with. The sunlight on the waves, the sound of a piano playing drifting through the deck, the feel of each other's heartbeat through their fingertips. The different ways Sherlock said his name. John didn't want this to end. He imagined living with Sherlock, being able to live with him for years and introducing him as his husband, and not just his flat mate.
Sherlock nodded. John added another, pulsing his fingers in time with the empty thrusting of Sherlock's hips. As he added a third, he found his prostate, watching his ring of muscle redden and large strings of precome drip onto the chair. Sherlock's legs began to shake. Before he could collapse, John wiped his hands off on his plaid, lifting his kilt up around his waist.
Round and round the circle they discussed and answered, speaking only when spoken to. Eventually, the questions kept circling in over and over to the inspector, Jim Moriarty.
Now, to his ultimate shock, he was considering that Moriarty was innocent of this particular crime. There were still too many accidents and injuries with the trifecta of Moriarty, Magnussen and Mericurium insurance, but in this case, it was a horrible copycat crime.
John's field of vision narrows to a small, pinprick of light in front of him. He must remind himself to breathe.
"Mycroft, do you have any trace on Hamish and Mrs. Hudson?" He was begging in his mind, they had to be found. He had to be okay.
He screams as he feels a poke in his arm (am I being shot at?) and suddenly he feels arms and legs and kisses on his cheeks and God he hopes it's Sherlock and not Mycroft.
Sherlock held Tavis' arm as he walked into the dining room. Stuart and Victoria Holmes had opened up all the doors and windows to allow the midday breeze to come through the house. They had prepared a simple meal of potatoes and bread for the noon meal, but Sherlock caught the scent of lamb and a large smoking fire. His family was preparing something larger for a celebratory evening meal.
At that moment, Billy knew he was right. And being a romantic himself (and wanting Sherlock's stuff if he died) he shut his mouth.
Without warning, John rolled off Sherlock and laid to the side. He spread Sherlock's plaids to reveal his cock and upper thighs completely. Sherlock's cock was long and pale, precome dripping onto his lower belly. John dipped a finger tip into the liquid and brought it to his mouth. John turned in so he was half laying on Sherlock.
Instead, he looked into John's face. His eyes were nearly shut, his mouth was slightly open, and he was breathing quickly. What was causing him to act this way?
As she said the word "distracting," Harry gestured to Sherlock's person, crudely focusing on his groin. Dameon stepped in between Harry and Sherlock again before Sherlock could move any closer to her.
He's spent the past 32 hours awake, traveling to face his sworn enemy, who is now his comrade in this crazy scheme against Mary. He wonders about their flat. Will Sherlock sleep at Mycroft's? Does he even miss him? Or is he still in the Czech Republic running around with Moriarty?
John laughed, "No, well, I like seeing you get flustered when I talk to you. But I want to know what happened. Why did Elias try to shoot you?"
Sherlock grabbed the stuffed elephant and bopped him on the nose, "No deducing. If he wants to tell me something private he will tell me himself."
Sherlock was overwhelmed. John gave up his bed and agreed to sleep on the couch. Hamish offered to give up his bed as well, explaining "Mr. Detective would love the planetarium blankets and glow in the dark stars on the ceiling." Eventually, when John discovered just how lumpy the couch was, John would sleep on the floor of Hamish's room with all the extra blankets and pillows in the house.
John had never seen Sherlock like this. Even when he'd discussed Moriarty, or Magnussen, there was not such venom in his voice. He was shaking, his laptop nearly trembling right out of his hands.
He wakes up with a slight headache (oh, yes, he'd bumped the headboard last night a couple of times) and a grumbling stomach. Robert rolls towards him, his face pink and creased from the sheets.
"Young man," She clicked at him, sitting on the edge of the couch, "If an 80 year old woman was able to take you out with a pan, I don't know how much protection you really are. And I'm still not sure what I need protection from. It's best you get feeling better and get on your way."
"I'm not ready," he says slowly, looking up at her, her face unreadable, "To move back in together," he thinks of Sherlock never living with him again, never kissing him again, and more tears fall. He wipes them quickly, "But it's important to-" (him, Sherlock) "the baby, to....so I can work up to it."
At the colloquial expression Sherlock begins to giggle, shaking John. It's the delightful, joyous giggle that John adores from the beginning of their friendship; chasing bad cabbies, wearing sheets in Buckingham Palace, staring slack jawed at an honest-to-god elephant in the room. Mycroft is wiping tears from his eyes, giggling, looking from John to Sherlock.
As John was palming Sherlock through his leggings, they heard the door slam on the other end of the green room. John huffed, pulling back, "Oh. Time to work. We'll continue this later, yea?"
"Robert," Mycroft is at a loss. This is beyond, far beyond any negotiation he's every been through. Everything is, muddled. Confusing. Conflicting. He doesn't know what else to say, but, "Please come back to bed."
Sherlock pulled back, one hand on John's chest, the other still holding the jar of flowers, "You're wearing my plaid. I'm just supposed to wear yours. Why are you wearing my plaid? My tartan and colors?"
Sherlock shoved his phone in his back pocket, running back outside and down to the police station. He had motive, reason and some proof, and now to turn it over to the authorities. He smiled, giggling, covering his mouth as he chastised himself, "I can't giggle, someone died for god's sake."
Charles Augustus Magnussen goes through all his newest information on Mycroft first. Sherlock has been in hiding. Blocked.
"No, I'm fine. I just. You are making me dizzy. Still not used to being able to touch you as much as I want."
"The time of death is throwing everyone off because the killer murdered them weeks or months ago, froze them, and dumps them after very slow defrost."
John laughed, "I had finished cutting all the wood and I looked over and you were asleep. Laying here on the cement floor, curled up on yourself. I couldn't believe it."
"You're too far away, beautiful," John pulled Sherlock close, spooning him, resting the back of his thighs against the top of John's. They both moved against one another, John grinding up into the cleft of Sherlock's arse, Sherlock thrusting his pelvis downward as he stroked himself.
As they snuck through the alleyway Sherlock dared ask, "Did you help build the restaurant? Some of the flourishes on the moulding looked like what you'd started on the set."
John returned with a tumbler for each of them, and sat next to Sherlock on the couch. He had to shove some books on to the floor to make room. Sherlock took a few moments to breathe and sip on his drink. John was content to stay quiet, rubbing his fingers over the top of Sherlock's knee.
"There are gaps in my files about my birth family. Gaps about me and who I am. These gaps have everything to do with you, your brother, and why I'm so keen to help protect you and your brother from Magnussen. But these stories aren't in any files. You're going to have to trust me. Ask me. Before we run out of time."
After Sherlock left, John wandered around the room for a few minutes. He realized all Sherlock's clothes and toiletries were gone. He'd packed and moved to another room, taking everything with him.
John gave him space, smiling up at him, "There is nothing to be sorry about. I was shot right after eating crisps with lunch. To this day, I can't even see that brand of crisps without going into a near panic attack. It took me years to figure out the connection."
The brunette moved close to John, putting his forehead against his, "I'm sorry for what happened to you, but I'm glad you understand."
A ring. John couldn't believe it. He'd been rehearsing, practicing, thinking over how to propose for weeks. Here, he'd been beaten to the punch. He saw Hamish smile, "I told you, Papa, he wanted to propose, too!" Sherlock smiled, but continued to play, not speaking. He turned to face John, continuing with the well-known wedding melody, gently setting on the edge of the bed. As he ended the song, Hamish jumped up a bit, clapping his hands. He was grinning from ear to ear. Sherlock picked his bow up gingerly and took the ring off of the end, unwrapping it from the fishing line that held it in place.
"I'm not afraid, John," he said, sitting close, placing his fingers on his wet knee, "You're my betrothed."
John sat for a while, thinking back on the times during this case when Sherlock had left upset, or had been angry with him. He knew he'd done something wrong, but he couldn't figure out exactly what. Had he not made his feelings clear? Had he not asserted himself that he did love Sherlock, desperately, and had for a long time? Did Sherlock not love him the same way, and was frustrated with the situation? John was unable to come up with an answer, so he took a walk. He walked the entire ship, from the inlaid theatre, to the restaurants, to the bars, past the swimming pool. He walked for a couple of hours. He swore he saw nearly all the 900 passengers, some a couple of times, but he never encountered Sherlock.
When Sherlock was excited, happy, or wanted John's attention, he would say his name with a bright tone. Jumpy. Emphatically. John's heart would race and the adrenaline would begin flowing. He knew that tone, that inflection so well he would hear it even when Sherlock was out of the flat. At first, Sherlock would say "John, a case!" But now , with their years of living together, he would simply say his name.
"John, John, John." Sherlock cried out as he came, his body fluttering around John. Arching his pelvis, John came, pulsing, holding his body up with his right hand taught against the headboard.
"I can't believe that-" John interjected. Clearing his throat, "I mean, you're handsome. And I appreciate your kindness towards my son. Usually, I'm having to shield him from people or make excuses on how they treat him. I'm really-- sorry. Go ahead."
Sherlock shocked even himself at how easy the description rolled off his tongue. He looked into Lord Watson's face. He was rolling his shoulder, attempting to stretch it out. His face had a slight grimace of pain from his shoulder, but he was grinning none the less.
John had no idea what Sherlock thought of all this. He was in the dark, as he couldn't read his detective's thoughts as well as his detective could read his. The only indication that he was ok with the arrangement, or at least ok with John, is that Sherlock allowed John to absent-mindedly stroke his curls while they sat on the couch and read up on cruise brochures.
and played it back. Sherlock kept smiling, and John was determined to continue learning as many signs as he could if Sherlock would keep smiling at him like that.
John pushed into Sherlock, adding his ring finger, driving his fingers in and out. With each thrust he pushed in deeper, watching as clear precome leaked and dripped on Sherlock's flat belly.
"Mycroft," Robert says, chuckling, "How are you any less frightening than him? It sounds as if you've just described yourself."
"I have my four cousins. I'd like to tell them goodbye," Sherlock had to stop speaking. He felt tears start to run down his cheeks. John stopped walking, placing his hands on either side of his tear-streaked face.
John's breath hitches as he feels Sherlock's fingers digging around near his hip. Sherlock pulls his phone out of his pocket.
Billy holds his head up high as he walks. He's been put in charge. He's never been put in charge of anything in his life, and he is taking this as seriously as the days he was assigned to guard Sherlock Holmes on the 'Case of the Undercover Junkie.'
John leaned down, his foot gently ticking Sherlock's ribs, "The look of joy and delight in your eyes is gift enough.   Get on him and let's go for a ride."
"I won't have to. I know your acting skills are not as strong, as my brother's," Mycroft waves the waiter away as he approaches the table, "You only have to keep Sherlock away from what we're doing for a while, then we will let him in. But not yet."
As it wrapped up, he stood up and Greg hugged him, wrapping an arm around his neck and pulling him close, "I'm proud of you, Dr. Watson. It was important to tell that story."
John attempted to pull his wet kilt off by himself, but Sherlock heard him rolling around on the ground, crunching leaves and twigs. Sherlock turned, seeing half of John's kilt popped down under a hip, his white skin on his iliac crest a marked line from the bronze skin where his kilt normally hung. John was trying to push his heavy and wet kilt off with his right hand only.
John jumped off the bed and retrieved the box, setting it on the mattress. He sat beside Sherlock, his thighs open, allowing the breeze to cool down his overheating cock and bollocks. Sherlock turned his head in an attempt to look under his kilt.
Sherlock answered quickly,"I didn't stay for most of it." He looked at Lord Watson's eyes. Leaning closer, the lamplight shone just enough to reveal his eyes were blue. Sherlock felt his neck flush, so he raised his shoulder length hair a bit so the breeze would travel under his collar.
"Its John!" I take a breath stupid breathing. "Jim Moriarty took him, well he didn't actually take him, he hired someone to." "Who? Why?" "Jim Moriarty haven't you been listening?!" "Yes but why?" "Me."
I'm sitting in the bath, the tub is steaming. I have candles around, scented of course. I just get into my Mind Palace when Mycroft barges in. "Sister, dearest. I do have reason to believe Sherlock is in love." I basically jump out of the bathtub grabbing a towel. "What?" I said in astonishment. Ah bugger, feelings..... "I do believe you heard me the first time according..." "Yeah, yeah." I cut him off. The dinner bell rang, mummy shaking it ever so violently so everyone would hear it. "We finish this conversation later, Mike." He cringes when he hears me call him Mike, he absolutely hates it.
"Sherlock, how?" "I disappeared for a while. But I came back because I couldn't stay away from someone so dear to me." "Who?" I ask. He was silent till suddenly he screamed, "Bloody Retcon!" I jumped back in shock.
"I hope you don't rest in piece Father." I whisper as Molly walks in. I speak up so Molly can hear. "I'm going to take a sample to check." "Sherlock who is he?" "My Father." "Then why do you need to take a sample?" "Because he died once before." Walk past Molly, who is staring at me in disbelief, and head to the lab.
"Oh come on! Delilah you've got to stop looking in the mirror all the time! You aren't even that pretty!" Mrs. Holmes yelled at her 8 year old daughter. "Why do you even care? Your brothers don't, they take it and leave it." A 10 year old Mycroft walks in, "For goodness sake mother, do you have to be rude to the youngest child." "Do not defend her Mycroft, she is a girl." Mr. Holmes says walking in.
"I dont know what he did for 10 years! 10 years, John!" Delilah started yelling. I look at my clock 6:30 in the morning. I get up and dressed knowing that any second John will be here.
"Sherlock?" "Yes, Molly?" "I would like you to meet my boyfriend, Jim." I quickly look up from my microscope, hitting my head. The name reminding me of horrible times. I walk in the opposite direction not even looking. "Is this Sherlock?" Asked the fimilar voice, I drop my tray and turn slowly. Holding is hand Jim said, "Jim Moriarty, nice to meet you." I quickly turn away. Molly not noticing cheers and says, "I'll let you boys chat." She walks out.
"What is so wrong about being gay?" I asked after getting the 'You are not gay' speech. "Oh shit!" Delilah yelled running down the stairs. She ran towards the door, opening it.
All they did was try and try. They wanted to get on their father's good side but that only made their father hate them even more. Its almost as if The Holmes didn't want children. The kids often found themselves wondering: Why did they have kids if they didn't want them? You'd think with Mr. Holmes beating them and swearing in different languages, the neighbors would call the police. But they never did. Everybody was scared of The Holmes.
"What's your name sweetheart?" A man ask in a thick British accent, breaking my thought. I turn and face him.
The children were in Mycroft's room sitting on the floor in a triangular shape, while Delilah spoke. "He obviously isn't part of our family. He is lying about his name. He is gay. He is young, not much older than you Mycroft, 20, or 22?" She wasn't finished when Jim busted through the door. "You!" He pointed at Sherlock, "with me, now!" Sherlock got up with pleading eyes. As soon as the door closed. "And is into little boys...." Delilah whispered. Mycroft looked at the clock and sure enough it was 11pm Mrs. Holmes was fast asleep. They both silently got up following the path that lead to Jim's room. Stopping by the door and listening. Sure enough, Sherlock was crying, trying to scream. Delilah not wanting to see Jim naked had no idea what to do. Mummy wouldn't believe them and if Mycroft ran in he would rape him too. Mycroft and Delilah looked at each other then slowly walked away. Delilah went to play the piano, knowing it would calm everyone down just a tad, Mycroft went to play the violin. (A/N the song above.) They played it all through the night, until the sun started to rise and Mrs. Holmes walked into the living room annoyed.
"This is my mother's grave, my birth mother. Father was having an affair, stupid. John," he looks away from the grave and faces me, "When you look at me and my siblings stand next to each other, we don't look alike. That woman is only Mycroft's mother."
"Where are we going Sherlock?" "I want to show you something." We arrive at a cemetery, marked "The Holmes." I say out loud. He nods opening the gate leading me somewhere.
"It wasn't my idea!" Sherlock screamed in terror. "So, John where do you work?" Mrs. Holmes asks not even noticing the background "noise" Delilah cringed when Sherlock yelled, was something going to happen to her? Surely they'll just talk.
"58 minutes." I mumble. I throw some papers around till one catches my eye. "I got it! 587 Aero street!"
"Alright, Delilah if you'll join me in the kitchen so dinner can get finished up. Mycroft set the table, you too John. If you want to eat here, you help out. And Sherlock join your father in the study for a chat." The three of them cringe when Mrs. Holmes mentions a chat in the study.
I open the front door, it's a little after midnight, when I pause hearing voices coming from upstairs. "Sherlock, you're.... in love." A woman says. I felt a shiver go down my spine, with who? Me? Don't be silly John, you're too average. I was thinking when suddenly Sherlock said in wonder, "In love?" He paused. I thought they had heard me as I was walking slowly up the stairs to hear them better. "With John?" "Of course with John, you of all people shouldn't be so blind." A voice said, I recognized this one....... Mycroft! "What am I supposed to do, De?" Sherlock practically begged the girl for an explanation. "You do what everyone else does, tell him or wait for him to tell you." De responds. "You think....? He loves me too?" Tired of standing there I acted as if I was drunk staggering by going straight to my room. They all mumble at the same time, "We know you're not drunk." I laugh to myself of course they do. I go back up to my room closing the door, only to have it open again. "Hello, John my names Delilah." The woman said walking in. Delilah was beautiful I mean damn. She had silk brown straight hair, died purple at the ends. She was wearing semi-formal clothing. Her skin was so pale but I'd be lying if I said it wasn't the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. Why was she with Mycroft and Sherlock? Was she Mycroft's girlfriend? "John?" Her voice stopped me from thinking. I had only just realized I was staring at her. "Um- sorry what did you-"She cut me off. "I said, how are you doing this fine evening?" Is she flirting with me? She laughs, "Quite the opposite, I was sent in as William's wing-man." "What-"I pause only to realize I was thinking out loud.
I sat in the bed for a few more minutes listening to her sing songs like, Centuries, Hero and I Don't Wanna Die. Until I've had enough.
"Come on John, I'll show you his room." "He's doing it again." "Yes, well he has done it for as long as I can remember."
Mycroft tapped my shoulder, taking me out of my thoughts. "The hospital." "Oh, are you an assistant?" She asks, rudely. "Um, no ma'am I'm a doctor." "Oh!" she smiles, "Why didn't you introduce yourself as Doctor Watson?" "Um, well I don't really know." "Mummy, John here was in the military." Delilah states. "Was?" "I was honorably discharged."
"You should've looked at that message." The voice says behind me. Then something touches my back and clicks.
I pull out my phone and text Sherlock. Which is something I never really have done after getting off work before but I feel like I should this time.
I'm awoken to the smell of eggs and Sherlock cursing. He knows he can't cook, why try? I walk down the stairs, when suddenly the night before comes flooding back. Was this his way of asking me? No, no it can't be, it's Sherlock. He would straight up ask me, right? Suddenly I realize where I am, standing in the door frame of the kitchen. "What's this?" I ask, scaring Sherlock. "I um... well I was trying to.... Umm.... Make breakfast...." Sherlock says blushing.
When I stepped into the room it was like I was transported into a 16 year olds world. Shelock laughs as if he knows what I'm thinking, "I left when I was 16."
How is no one awake? I walk out of Sherlock's room and knock on the black door. "Oh, John." She very noticeably pulls her shirt so it is covering the shorts she is wearing. "I didn't think it would be you. Haha, um did I wake you?" "Um, yes." "Oh, I'm terribly sorry. It's just they sleep like bears in the winter and this is the only time I can listen to music like this." "Its okay." I laugh, " You're a good singer." "Thanks."
"You couldn't have told him the rules!?" Mummy suddenly yelled. "There is just so many, I couldn't remember them all and it was all a last minute thing." Sherlock quickly explained.
Delilah had two wonderful friends, Dan and Phil. Soon after the first year of high school died in a car accident. Nobody was there to help her grieve as she was the only one in The Holmes family to be cursed with feelings.
"Sherlock, will you please pass the salt." "I would be delighted to." He makes sure to avoid reaching over food. "Thank you, dear." "You're welcome, Delilah."
"Father, I have no idea what you are implying." "Sherlock, this man. You cannot ever bring him back." "But father, John is my friend." "You don't have friends." Slap. He slapped me! "I'm sorry father, but this time I do." Slap. He did it again. "It wasn't my idea!" I yell suddenly. I didn't mean to, Delilah was my sister. I didn't mean to hurt her.
"Earlier your sister called you William twice." I state. "Oh yes, well my middle name is Sherlock. William Sherlock Holmes. What about you? Is it Johnathan or just John?" "Just John." "Oh." "Sherlock I have to tell you-mph."
The adrenalin pumping through John’s veins splayed the all too familiar steely coating over his muscles, readying every fibre for imminent combat. Time slowed down around him. Between two heartbeats, he could see the boy slip from his grasp, running through his fingers like fog he had tried to catch. He needed to act.
He can’t deter his thoughts from circling the DVD, as much as he tries. No walk on the beach, no massage, no yoga lesson can take his mind off of it.
Against all odds, the best man speech is not a total train wreck—at least for Sherlock’s standards. Well, of course, he manages to insult most of his audience and demonstrates how socially awkward and unpleasant he can be, but his words are also heartfelt and full of genuine adoration for John, moving most of the other guests to tears.
, the live-action version which Rosie has been only allowed to watch a couple of nights ago. She was a little scared of the howling wolves but the Beast won a special place in her heart right away. John must admit that he, too, enjoyed that particular film. Well, they can still have movie nights at their new place.
“Sherlock, there’s no one here but us. Who did you hang that up for?” John’s voice was harsh and his stomach clenched although he couldn’t quite tell if it was out of thrill or panic. When it came to Sherlock, John had noticed, the two were almost indistinguishable.
“Shhh”, Sherlock interrupted him, keeping his eyes stubbornly fixed on the garden spread out in front of them.
Her tone is bordering on contemptuous and John wonders if she knows what a sore spot her words have just pressed on.
Had someone just said his name? Sherlock emerged from the depths of his insecurities and concentrated on his surroundings again. Bemusedly, he noticed that both Angelo and John had turned to him. Apparently, they expected him to comment on something he hadn’t paid attention to. “Hm?”
Greg has to divert his gaze. Sherlock’s expression is just too painful to watch now that he knows what goes on in his heart. He begins to wonder why he hasn’t noticed sooner—he’s a detective after all—because the signs are as clear as the spring sky outside.
Last night, they had finally reached the breaking point. Lying in Sherlock’s bed, one giant mess of arms and legs holding on for dear life, they breathed against each other’s skin, John’s rhythm becoming more relaxed by the minute. Although Sherlock’s muscles beneath the thin layer of his t-shirt were still as tensed up as the first night they had hugged like this, John couldn’t help but relax in the comforting embrace to the thud of Sherlock’s heartbeat.
John nodded and watched Sherlock finally convince one of the few passing cabs to stop. He came jogging back to them, carefully trying to hide how much he shivered under his thin, silky shirt. Lips pressed together, he helped John to the car. Greg accompanied them.
, then.” John pressed play and settled himself comfortably next to Sherlock on the sofa. “Haven’t seen that one, either. Or any Christmas movie that came out later than the 90s, I think,” he chuckled and offered Sherlock the bowl with nibbles. Against his expectations, Sherlock grabbed a handful and began to chew cheerfully. This man never ceased to surprise hem. The mere fact that Sherlock was sitting here with him, watching a movie, could be regarded as a classic Christmas miracle. And if that wasn’t one, the fact that he hadn’t thrown a temper tantrum as John had invited Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Greg, and Mycroft to their place for Christmas Day was definitely one. In hindsight, John was not quite sure if that had been one of his best ideas but at least that way the holidays would really feel authentic—including family drama and everything.
Greg endures his words with an immutable, weary expression. “I’m sorry.” Slowly, he backs up to his car. “I just couldn’t not at least give you the chance to reconsider.”
John’s face lit up at the sight and Sherlock knew that he would never need anything ever again if he could just have this moment for eternity, these few precious heartbeats in which John Watson looked at him like this.
“And you’ve done a marvellous job, I think,” Sherlock chuckled, the sound vibrating from his chest right into John’s skin, filling him with honey-sweet content. “I’ll reckon it’ll be fully functional for some more fun tomorrow if you’re up to it.”
“Yes, I’ve just been seeing you with Rosie, how good you are with her, how happy you look when all three of us are together, and I thought… I just love raising her with you. I never thought I was cut out to be a father but you… You are simply extraordinary, and you make me a better parent, too.” When Sherlock stayed silent, he added: “We don’t have to decide right now. Just think about it.”
While Greg got up to fetch some drinks for John and himself, Stella tried to convince others to participate as well. A curvy blonde with heavy make-up that introduced herself as Esther and her friend, a caramel-skinned woman—
Sherlock didn’t answer and stayed perfectly still as John let his fingers roam over his abused skin.
“I love you so much, future husband” John said, in lieu of all the things he couldn’t put into words.
For a few minutes, uncomfortable silence wraps around them, a tight, damp coat pressing on their mouths and ears until everything is rendered grey. The pub around them, gradually filling with people and laughter, is drowned out to a faded buzzing, to white noise Greg barely registers. A stale, ash-like taste sneaks onto his tongue as he swallows again.
John scoffs. “Oh please, the great Sherlock Holmes doesn’t have to do anything. You with your back-up plans and—and exit strategies.”
A voice came floating down the hallway to John’s incredulous ears, the words carried on it familiar but glazed with a new significance: “
It must’ve been visible on his face because Mary says: “Oh, come on, John. You can’t be serious. He’s dismantled an internationally operating criminal network without your help. He’ll be fine without his blogger being around to protect him. You really have other things to worry about than Sherlock Holmes.”
The small room was overflowing with steam, fogging up the mirror and coating John’s lungs with the aroma of Sherlock’s expensive body wash. He quickly undressed and pulled the shower curtain back a little, biting his lip as he beheld the naked body in front of him. “Mind if I join you?”
At least it’s not like he had anything else to do today, Sherlock thinks grimly, ramming his fists into his coat pockets. He’s got nothing else to occupy his time—no real case (apart from the cold case featuring magically disappearing toenails), no Rosie to watch, no John to make him watch ridiculous action movies.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John’s incredulous expression. “Past experiences strongly suggest so. I don’t tense up because I don’t like being touched by you. I do like it, a lot. It’s just… so intense, too intense sometimes.”
The DI had been unusually quiet for the past few hours, observing Sherlock carefully, contemplating everything he said with the same unmoving frown anchored at his brows. Sherlock looked up at him through his dark curls.
John buried a hand in dark curls, determined to prevent the end of the kiss by force if must be, and let his tongue slip into Sherlock’s welcoming mouth, being met by the most delicious moan. Raising up onto his toes to bring their bodies flush, John let his other hand glide downwards until his fingers found a marvellously tight butt to grab, barely covered by a thin layer of fabric. Slender fingers worked up and down his own back with swift and artful movements, leaving the skin beneath them burning with want. John pressed his rapidly growing erection into Sherlock, letting out a satisfied growl when he found that the outline of Sherlock’s hard cock was already straining his pyjama bottoms. He would have that for breakfast, right here on the kitchen table until Sherlock would pant and cry and beg for sweet release.
“His poor parents. I know them, grew up around here. Whoever did this must pay. We need to solve this as quickly as possible.” John could imagine the pressure that weighed down on a young detective when something like this happened in such an otherwise peaceful neighbourhood.
Sherlock clapped his hands in relief. “Yes! The runaway! I saw Detective Bradley or Bailey or whatever his name is interview her.”
As soon as the door to the flat shut behind them, John let all restraints go and grabbed Sherlock’s face again, covering his lips in eager kisses. He had been craving this all these years, nearly died of thirst without knowing it, and only drinking in Sherlock now could satisfy him, nurture him back to health. They barely managed to rid themselves off their snow-soaked jackets while they made it to the sofa, calves bumping against the coffee table. John slumped down, pulling Sherlock with him and unto his lap.
“Not to my recollection,” Mr. Beaumont answered through gritted teeth while his wife was convulsed with another wave of tears.
He woke with a start, knowing that the bed beside him was empty before even opening his eyes. Milky thorns of sunlight crept through the curtains, illuminating sleep- and sex-muddled sheets but just one body underneath them. John rubbed his eyes. When opening them again, nothing about the room had changed. The second pillow next to him remained vacant.
“I’ll… think about it, Sherlock. It’s a nice offer, really.” He finally got his feet to move again and they resumed their walk in quietude. John was grateful for the opportunity to be alone with his thoughts. Sherlock was one of the few people with whom mutual silence wasn’t uncomfortable and he loved that about him. His offer had genuinely moved John although he doubted that that had been Sherlock’s intention. He was just being practical, following his code of logic, as usual, John assumed. But, still… It wasn’t the mere thought that Sherlock was willing to stoop to taking money for his services but rather the gesture of appreciation implied in it that filled John’s insides with warm, honey-golden contentment. Every time Sherlock made some kind of commitment, somehow recognized John’s role in his life, he couldn’t help but be excited. It was almost pathetic how much he craved this sense of approval. Had he been in the same situation with any other human being, the depth of their connection would be unquestionable. But with Sherlock you could never be sure, could you?
“He was found in quite curious conditions. Last night’s sleet has destroyed most of the footprints and probably any useful DNA evidence, but there are details that suggest that a second person was in the garden when Jason died. And his shoes were missing.”
Quickly, Greg shifts the folder full of Sherlock’s notes to his left and hurries over to him, grabbing his shoulder. “Here, let me,” he says as Sherlock steadies a little, and offers him his arm for support.
The man, dark curls framing his face, reaches for something next to him. Greg recognizes a simple acoustic guitar as the man lifts it onto his lap and begins to gently stroke the strings. Hesitant notes drift from the speakers.
Sherlock finally looks up, tears brimming in his eyes. “The next morning, he—he didn’t remember… anything. We’ve never talked about it. Just acted like… nothing had happened.”
He’s a decent man. He would never put John through this without good reason. And going by the way he looked, he had pondered whether to come here diligently.
As always: I appreciate every comment and kudos soooo much! Knowing that you are out there, reading this, is giving me so much strength and motivation. I can't thank you enough, every single one of you! <3 <3 <3
He opened his mouth for an un-committal answer when his eyes found Sherlock who met his gaze in some sort of sad disenchantment. The sight clenched John’s heart in a firm cold grasp of guilty conscience. He knew how Sherlock had suffered witnessing John’s denial for years and years, how he still was so painfully aware of John’s need to comply to social norms that he offered him complete control over their display of affection in public. Sherlock was willing to yield to John’s needs, to let him lead, to let John love him on his own terms—as long as he finally loved him.
“That’s really none of your business, Sherlock,” said John with raised eyebrows before he shook his head defensively and shifted to leave the sitting room, in hopes Sherlock would just let it go. He, of course, did not.
Rosie wraps her legs and arms around his body like a little spider monkey, Sherlock securing her with strong arms as he keeps spinning them around. He lets his head fall back and sings at full volume as they twirl on the worn-out carpet, his voice saturating the air with its enchanting timbre. Every single word hits John like a wrecking ball.
John gave him a smile so bright that it seemed to wash off all the hardship of the past months. “Forget about the milk.”
That John was the one driving them back from Norfolk was nothing short of extraordinary. But the last two days had been nothing if not extraordinary. Usually, he would refrain from even discussing the matter with Sherlock and simply hop on the passenger’s seat since the alternatives were far less pleasurable: Either they would have a row over whose turn it was and fighting with Sherlock was seldom worth the outcome; or John would stand up to him and then would have to endure a car ride with a pouty Sherlock that constantly criticized every single aspect of his driving style. His friend was certainly a man with a multitude of incredible talents but riding shotgun was not one of them.
“Does it hurt?” Sherlock asked, eyeing him in the bathroom mirror as John swallowed his pain meds with a glass of water.
“They’re both pretty shaken up but fine considering what they’ve both been through. Children’s services are informed and have taken Laney to a foster family. Cal’s still in custody and under psychological supervision, given his suicide attempt. I’ll do what I can to get him out of this mess. Sherlock insisted.”
Rosie has stirred but once after John has put her back to bed after her bottle. Apart from that, John has slept an uninterrupted and dreamless slumber he hasn’t known for years. Although his nightmares have relented over the past weeks, they never quite leave him, and a night without startling awake with cold sweat beading on his forehead and his heart beating out of his chest is rare, to say the least.
What John had done yesterday, how he had pleasured him with a wicked tongue and skilled lips—it had been loving but an act of utter dominance. John hadn’t let his reign slip for a second, had systematically dismantled Sherlock with suction and massaging fingers until Sherlock whimpered and quivered beneath him, begging for a coup de grâce.
John finally whispered: “By the way, you could’ve let me in earlier… on this whole theory. I wouldn’t’ve told Greg.”
“Hey,” John said softly into the dimly lit space while peeling out of his jacket. Since no one answered he went upstairs where he found Sherlock in one of his silky dressing gowns, sitting by Rosie’s crib. He smiled at the sight. Sherlock had insisted on buying all essential baby gear which he had put in John’s old room directly after they had made 221B habitable again so John could stop by with Rosie anytime he wanted. Over the past few weeks, Sherlock had watched Rosie even more often than Mrs. Hudson or Molly had. At first, John was sure he tried to somehow make up for everything that had happened between them since Mary’s death, but now he felt that his friend simply thrived in sight of this new responsibility. Whenever John had a long day at the clinic, Sherlock would volunteer his time and apparently never let little Rosie out of his sight, not even now when she was sound asleep.
But wasn’t there another sound? Something beeping? Hurried steps on the stairs? A door banging open? Someone shrieking?
“They… they beat us,” Cal whispered finally. “When they drink. And they always drink.” A bitter little laugh formed a white cloud in front of his mouth.
John heard him turn on the water while he put away the rest of his shopping. Sherlock’s absence provided him an excellent opportunity to hide the present he had gotten him. He eyed the little parcel, a sudden surge of nervousness whipping through him, before he stored it in one of the drawers of the side table.
, “that you intentionally misinterpret every single aspect of our life together to avoid facing the uncomfortable truth about yourself.”
A proud grin plastered on his face, John grabbed the pushchair and turned around. Sherlock was already several meters ahead of him, making his way home to Baker Street with determined strides and Rosie on his arm. Quickly, John followed him.
Has something happened to John? To Mary? Molly? Mrs Hudson? Who is in danger? Where do they have to go? How long will it take for the back-up to get here?
Greg rises from the sofa and crosses the room. The telly goes black as he presses the button and the DVD player ejects the disc.
When he turned back around, John had gone pale, his mouth slightly agape and his eyes fixed on a point to Sherlock’s right, carefully avoiding his gaze. He could not even stand to look at Sherlock anymore, could not even muster the decency to
The pancakes that hadn’t burned weren’t nearly enough to feed two adults but neither of them seemed to have any particular appetite anyway. While Rosie happily mashed a banana on her plate, John could barely keep his eyes—and hands—off of Sherlock. Some part of their bodies always maintained contact—feet tangling under the table, fingers resting on thighs, backs, and shoulders, lips finding a temple or a forehead. Some of these gestures barely differed from the platonic acts of affection they had more frequently shared over the last two months and yet John would never have imagined touching Sherlock to feel like this—exciting, addictive even, and just… right. As if all these brushes and nudges had been there, had been meant to be, and now finally,
Feet hammering on the pavement, the stranger turned into another side street. Sherlock reached the crossing first and found himself almost colliding with a young couple. The whole street was crawling with people, blocking his way and sight.
This was tedious. Sherlock felt the cold creep into every fibre of his being, damp fingers gripping at his face and body. His legs were already numb from the strain of hunkering down for so long and his nose and ears would surely fall off any second now.
“I think it’s only fair. And corresponding to our respective talents: You’ll get to be in command in the bedroom, hence, I get to lead when we’re dancing,” Sherlock declared in a matter-of-factly tone, betrayed only be the little smirk that played on his lips.
The words John had said to him are forever imprinted on the walls of his skull, an internal tattoo covering the grey matter Sherlock is so proud of.
"Still, you should consider the risk you’re taking. We both know Dr. Watson as a loyal but not the most emotionally considerate person. After everything that's happened... You might get hurt and I couldn’t bear to watch that.”
Instead, Sherlock draws in a deep breath. “I want to show you something,” he mumbles and loosens the grip on Greg’s jacket. He rises clumsily and dives into the mess of unsorted correspondence and leftover seating charts on his desk. Greg watches with brows arched while Sherlock is frantically rummaging through the papers until he finds what he’s looking for.
John has barely ever seen the DI in such bad condition. “What’s going on?” he asks, worry clenching his stomach. “Did something happen? To Sherlock? Is he alright?”
“Nothing new, Sir,” she said to Greg, acknowledging John and Sherlock’s presence with a mere nod. “Forensics are almost done though. This is definitely only the place where his body was found. We believe Jason was dragged behind the shed to conceal the crime, from over there.” She gestured to the other carefully marked spot a few metres to their right. “The Beaumonts are waiting inside if you want to question them. They’re both pretty shaken up, so maybe put your bloodhound on a leash.”
He wasn’t even angry at John anymore, just like he hadn’t been back then. John had every right to cast Sherlock as far away from him as possible. Who could ever care for someone this damaged? For someone who broke lives and happiness like a bull in a china shop? He had known on that fateful day as a teenager. Over twenty years later, it was still true: Sherlock Holmes was unlovable, an abnormality, a monstrosity with no place in this world.
He knows Mrs Hudson wouldn’t approve but the alternative sees her finding the flat burned to ruins upon her return. Even without a gun in the house to shoot the wall, Sherlock will surely find other destructive habits that could do similar damage.
So, cheering John up was Sherlock’s objective, no matter what it took. But Mary had been so right about him: John Watson would never consciously allow anyone to aid him in his grieving process. Hence, Sherlock had to cloak his aim. Doing all of this for Rosie’s sake was the perfect disguise since it was technically not a real lie. Additionally, it concealed the fact that Sherlock genuinely enjoyed the festive atmosphere their home radiated. It contained nothing of the mendacity he hated about most societal norms, it wasn’t a façade gilding a dysfunctional inside: the decorations were only a visualization of the sincere and all-embracing love that filled 221B Baker Street. Now, it shone from every Christmas ornament.
“John, I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to make you sad. I shouldn’t have—,” he frantically began to apologize but John interrupted him by rising up on his knees and pulling him and Rosie into a tight embrace until he shut up.
And things have been fine, great really. Sherlock adores Rosie and the little girl, in return, is obsessed with her “
Although she had thought it so loudly that it shouldn’t count as being quiet, Sherlock remembers and his nose curls in aversion.
John was clearly baffled by the compliment; His head jerked around with such rapid movement that he almost spilled his own cup of tea in his eagerness to look at the younger man. His eyes scanned Sherlock’s features for signs of dishonesty or mockery but found only a coy smile curling full lips. Slowly, John’s expression relaxed and reflected Sherlock’s smile.
The DVD itself isn’t labelled either. Just a silver circle, reflecting the light in rainbow-coloured beams.
“’Course I do,” said John, barely conscious. A minute later his breaths were already so deep and steady that Sherlock was sure he had fallen asleep. His own transport, however, didn’t allow him to drift off that easily. John’s words still rang in his head, demanding a revaluation of the evening’s development; Compliments were useful to display affection and appreciation after all. Sherlock would just have to apply them regularly so John knew he was being serious. That wasn’t that hard. There were thousands and thousands of little positive things Sherlock noticed about John and just never found the necessity—or the nerves—to utter.
“You pretended to be dead—for two years!” John roars and stomps out into the room. “I organised your funeral, I visited your grave. And all this time you were alive and keeping this gigantic secret from me.”
“It’s not like you made me stay up later than I would be anyway,” Sherlock replied. “But you will most definitely have a considerably longer night if you try to move Rosie from her crib now and wake her up.”
Warmth flooded John’s chest. He would never tire of hearing—or saying—it. He loved Sherlock. And Sherlock loved him. There was nothing better than this simple yet world-altering fact. Trailing his finger over a razor-sharp cheekbone, he said: “I love you more.”
If it were anyone else Greg would have joined in everyone’s teasing. But this is Sherlock. He doesn’t work that way, being too far evolved to listen to his carnal nature or to give in to what he so lovingly calls
“No.” Sherlock measures his next words carefully. “I only knew on the roof. When I had to say goodbye to you.”
Greg gave him a puzzled look but didn’t protest as he trotted back into the Beaumont’s garden. Sherlock faintly heard him give orders to Donovan and the rest of his team to canvas the neighbourhood and then a car driving off just as he reached the shed. No one paid him any attention, Sherlock noticed contentedly, and kneeled down on the muddy ground next to the garden hedge.
He tries to sip at his tea but his jaw is set tightly, his lips glued shut. The baby monitor cracks faintly as Rosie rolls around in her crib but the sound barely makes it to John’s ears.
After Mary is done, John showers and gets dressed with military efficiency, running through the morning’s schedule again and again as if it were a mantra keeping him focused.
When they entered 221B, Sherlock still rolled the situation over in his mind. The acute sting he felt every time he saw John paying this kind of attention to someone else had not yet vanished and he stomped up the stairs to their flat a little more violently than necessary. John followed him with Rosie on his arm whose cheeks were flushed from the cold January air. She leaned her head against her father’s shoulder and gave a small exhausted sigh, all but falling asleep.
“If you got chased by two strangers, you’d probably try to get to safety. I was already suspicious because he seemed to know the area remarkably well and then he just disappeared. With that much adrenaline, your brain mostly works on auto-pilot. So, where do you run if not home? I bet he’s got some kind of hide-out there where he and Laney were supposed to meet, so he could get her out of their parents’ reach. We’ll have to go back and look.”
“Something wrong?” he asked, quickly scanning John who was standing in the kitchen, hands on his hips, brows furrowed. That he was upset was clearly visible for Sherlock but the source seemed unclear to the genius detective.
“She won’t remember that we let a batch of cookies burn,” John added to sooth Sherlock’s thoughts and picked Rosie up from her chair. “Will you, bumblebee?” he cooed and placed a kiss on her chubby little cheek. Rosie squealed and grabbed the air in an attempt to reach out to Sherlock.
“I thought there were no usable samples,” John asked Molly as they huddled around Lestrade’s phone. He had put it on speaker while they waited for the system to process the data and hopefully cough up a name and an address.
“Still,” John got serious again, “if the case is as high-profile as Greg said, we must expect a decent amount of press and I just want to know how we’ll handle that before I go and embarrass us both.”
“Yeah, I know,” John agreed, glad to share that thought with someone, and shot Harry a melancholy smile as she looked up again. Both of them carried the weight of having inherited Greta Watson’s eyes, a constant reminder of her presence—and absence. But, more so than John whose sturdy figure matched his father's, Harry had always been a miniature of her mother, from her stubborn head to her toes. John had often wondered if Geoff would’ve treated Harry differently if she weren’t a reflection of the woman he had loved and lost. And he wondered if Harry knew how painful it was for John to look at her, to see his sister, now about to surpass their mother in age, waste away under his gaze, just as Greta had. Now, her image would live on in yet another generation, in a granddaughter she never got to hold. John silently begged every entity that might hear him for granting his Rosie a less brutal fate than that of the women whose face she wore.
Still, John’s nerves began to buzz in something between anticipation and sheer panic with every step he and Rosie got closer to Baker Street. If Sherlock hadn’t returned to 221B yet… What was he supposed to do? Calling and texting hadn’t been successful and John doubted that he would be able to find Sherlock if he wanted to be alone. Maybe he could call Mycroft who surely had an eye on his little brother’s every move but that would certainly not aid in regaining Sherlock’s trust or affection. Besides, the thought of asking Mycroft for help, especially in such delicate and private a matter, made John’s stomach turn.
“I bet they’d willingly give all their worldly belongings if they could just have their son back,” Sherlock said sombrely. “Maybe if Cal had not been so scared and called an ambulance…”
Lestrade’s lips twitched up in what may have been the resemblance of an encouraging smile before he reached for the voice recorder and turned it on.
Sherlock woke slowly, gradually, to a heavenly weight surrounding him. Surely, he was still dreaming, his subconscious mind creating wonderful sensations of warm arms around him and breath ghosting over his skin. Yes, what a fantastic dream this was, too good to give up easily.
It’s still standing where it always has, with the same union jack pillow haphazardly thrown on it, but, somehow, it’s growing, demanding more room, more air. Its presence, its reproachful emptiness, colours 221B up to the tiniest speck of dust.
If he tried to kiss John now and he rejected him, everyone would see and Sherlock would have to drown himself in the Thames or something. If John would, however, return the kiss, their first intimate contact would be a meaningless gesture observed by a dozen strangers. Both not really pleasant options.
John clings to this image as he shuffles down to the kitchen; the two of them on a beach, the sun sizzling on their skin and shallow waves playing around their bare feet. That doesn’t seem so bad. It’s just a nice holiday.
His body aches with the knowledge what this something has to be, the memory still fresh in his cells even though he has gone so long without it.
“Let’s hope that knowledge will ease their pain,” John said and gently stroked his fiancé’s lower back. Sherlock was obviously still distraught by the whole case, tense underneath the fabric of his shirt.
Sherlock struggled to swallow the contents of his mouth that had suddenly turned from delicious food to tasteless mush. John’s face lit with realization as he raised his eyes to look at Sherlock and he quickly interjected his darkening thoughts: “No, no, no. That’s not what I meant. I’m not taking anything back. I do love you, Sherlock. I mean it. It’s just… extraordinary. But everything about our story is, isn't it?”
This was just great. He had only wanted a nice quiet evening with Sherlock, watching a movie and maybe nibbling some more gingerbread men, but, of course, he had to pick the one film that apparently featured porn starring what looked like a younger version of himself. What was the universe trying to punish him for?
John knows he shouldn’t be so upset, has other things to think about, but Sherlock is his best friend and, whether John wants it to or not, being abandoned like this… it hurts.
“Of course, brother dear. You know how I worry about you,” Mycroft replied, absorbing Sherlock’s grin with his exaggeratedly benevolent expression.
He breathes in deeply. A normal person would probably remark what a lovely evening it is, with birdsong drowning out the traffic noise and flowers blooming on every windowsill. But, well, Sherlock isn’t one of them. Normal people, that is.
“If she does become a detective I can hardly take credit for that. Half of her extended family is in law enforcement, after all. It could just as well be Greg or Molly’s influence.”
Sherlock shifted. “That was different. There was no other way. I had to protect you. And I would still risk everything to keep you save. But running after armed strangers in the dark, confronting someone with a gun on the verge of a nervous break-down… there’s simply no necessity for it.”
He smokes the first cigarette right there on the spot, the nicotine welcomed back in his bloodstream like an old friend. Instantly, his mind seems clearer, sharper. The nervous quiver leaves him with every bit of deliciously blueish smoke entering his lungs.
The single syllable lets all alarms go off in Sherlock’s head. Red lights blink over the scenery as the sirens set in. “Why—why did he give it to you? He said I shouldn’t, that it was a bad idea.”
Greg watches breathlessly as Sherlock lowers his hands and then—holds up a book? Through the blur of his rushing blood, Greg deciphers the title:
John cursed himself—and especially the horny beast inside of him that had overruled his conscience at the sight of Sherlock’s gorgeous body—as he hastily pulled the dresser open and slipped into a pair of pants and a random t-shirt. He needed to find Sherlock and beg him for forgiveness. He had to apologize and pray that he hadn’t ruined their relationship before it had even started. How could he live on with this glimpse of what could have grown between them without ever getting it back?
John’s tongue darts out again. “Greg came round the other morning and gave me a DVD. He said you had meant to show me before the wedding.”
“Not exactly. I mean, of course, it fits the season, but mostly I chose it… because it was Mary’s favourite as a child.”
As Sherlock was about to take off his coat, he felt John’s hands on his shoulders, helping him out of it in a gallant gesture that made Sherlock’s blood rush to his cheeks. John had never done that before, at least not for Sherlock. For his girlfriends, yes…
“How is it not? You once again let your fragile male ego or your insatiable libido jeopardize a relationship!”
Sherlock steps further into the room and lets his gaze roam over this extraordinary display. On the kitchen table, among another dozen candles, stands a cooler with a bottle of champagne next to two glasses. Sherlock is also sure he has spotted a gigantic box of pralines from his favourite chocolaterie.
“You know, you could tell me now,” he proposes tentatively, his fingers toying with the golden hair on John’s chest. “What you wanted to say.”
John caught a glimpse of the relieved and somewhat thankful smile illuminating Sherlock’s features before lips crashed to his own in a fervent kiss. The second they met, something cracked in John—an invisible dam that had been impounding water for the last couple of hours, now releasing it again with all of its might. Like an avalanche crashing over them and tearing down whatever stood in its way, John was no longer able to resist the gravitational pull of the man he loved. He needed to have him, right now. He needed to melt into Sherlock, to sink deeper and deeper, fully consume him. Oxygen wasn’t a necessity, Sherlock was. John would gladly let him saturate his bloodstream instead, grow dizzy with his presence in every cell, welcome the rapture of the deep.
The only letter Mary’s ever written him had been nothing but a coward’s resort, an excuse for abandoning him and their child without even having the decency to say goodbye.
He knows that others have been quick to joke about the two single men living together, in the truest sense of the word. They didn’t just share a flat; They shared adventures and an unsettling preference for the macabre. Hours after their first meeting, they were already bickering like a married couple.
Now that his head has calmed down enough to allow coherent thoughts, the aftershock of last night’s news shakes the very foundation of his identity again.
The graves’ state spoke volumes about their negligence. Back in the day, John and his family had visited his mother’s grave every Sunday after church to lay down fresh flowers. His father had insisted on it with iron strictness. John could still hear the names he had called Harry the first time she had refused to go with them, could still see her reddened cheek under runny mascara. Not even a year later, she had left, forever.
Sherlock stayed silent for a few seconds, his brow slightly furrowed in thought. “Honesty,” he finally stated. “I don’t know what else I want because I’ve never come this far with anyone really. But I know that I don’t want to pretend anymore. We’ve lied to ourselves, to each other, to everyone basically and look where it got us. I don’t want any more secrets between us.”
“You don’t have to take her home. You can stay if you want to. Sleep on the couch or—,” Sherlock trailed off with a vague gesture and quickly nipped at his tea.
At these low points, John’s room provided a safe haven, a space to calm down. He could shut himself away until he gained control again, to make sure he didn’t spill all this bile on the people he loved. Today, Sherlock knew, he would have drowned in his agony if it wasn’t for the calming memories in this suite. He got up from the sofa, and there he was: John, the version that existed only in his mind palace, standing in the middle of the room, the smile on his lips just as soft as the ridiculous jumper he was wearing. Sherlock approached him and inhaled deeply. Olfactory memories were usually the most potent to relax him. The scent of John’s shampoo mixed with the smoky aroma of Whiskey.
Yes, another song featured in a TV series (that's half my playlist). I love this song/this version so much. And it gives you a clue to what's coming ;)
He eyes Sherlock carefully but the singing detective doesn’t show any signs of flustering, nor does Rosie correct him. Surely, John has misheard then. When it comes to reciting Disney songs, Rosie is more than unforgiving when someone makes a mistake. Unfortunately, she has picked up Sherlock’s habit to correct everyone on everything, although not with the same air of smugness as her godfather.
“No. I mean, yes—Yes, he’s fine,” Greg splutters, fumbling with something in his pocket. “I’m here because…”
He appreciated the fact that Sherlock didn’t broach the subject but simply acknowledged that John was a little quiet and sad at times. Instead, he seemed determined to be less of a Grinch than usual and entertained the teething Rosie as well as he could to take John’s mind off of his grief.
As John took a controlled slow breath, the intoxicating scent of Sherlock’s hair hit his nose and trickled right into his veins, quickening his heartbeat and making him dizzy. It was the second time within a few hours that John was so close to Sherlock. But this time, without the bitter taste of grim memories lingering in the air, it was nothing but exhilarating. And possibly extremely awkward if Sherlock woke up now, John thought, still unable to move even the slightest bit.
“Well, if you figured out that he was dragged here by the second person present, then you should know for whom to look, shouldn’t you? It’s obvious.”
But how could the rational part of him possibly understand how he longed for every second of this quiet night—Sherlock’s breathing the only sound soaring in the still air, relaxed and steady, nightmares seemingly no longer tormenting him? How he longed to indulge in every single second that Sherlock allowed him so close, allowed him to hold him like this, their bodies and hearts bared alike? How could he not want to stay awake and cherish this wonder he was granted?
Sherlock’s face lit up in a delightfully thankful smile and John positively beamed back. If his whole life from now on only consisted of taking care of Sherlock, of making sure that he was as content as he could be, of spoiling him rotten, it would be a life well lived. John would gladly start right now and not stop until his last breath. As long as Sherlock let him, John would make him happy.
He’s not in his right mind. It’s the hangover, this sodding headache and the sheer surprise. He just has to get used to the thought, he tells himself. As soon as the baby is here, he’ll be overjoyed. Definitely.
“Me too, honey. I’m not especially in the mood to be yelled at. I bet Greg won’t be too excited about our little un-supervised adventure.”
. And John would love him. That was too good to be true. Tears were now freely flowing over his cheeks although he couldn’t quite tell if they fed on happiness or something else.
? The realization hit Sherlock with the intensity of a wrecking ball. The air was forced out of his lungs, leaving them crumpled and so tightly compressed that they dangled in his chest, with miles and miles of dusty emptiness around them. The sitting room seemed to secede from the laws of physics, spinning and twisting on the edges of his vision.
“He’s terrified,” had she said with that superior air she sometimes has about herself when John takes too long to get things.
“Yes, Sherlock, very good. Great. Perfect!” John laughed and wiped his face again before settling back down on the floor.
“Like this,” Sherlock gasped out, rolling fully onto his back and pulling his knees up, “need to see you.”
, John’s voice echoed in his ear and made Sherlock bite the already swollen inside of his cheek. Why did they get to be happy? This was so unfair.
“Do you have any idea what this man has been through? His wife died only weeks after giving birth to their daughter and here you are, you sorry excuse for a human, and try to lighten the weight of your own meaningless existence by belittling a grieving father!?”
While Sherlock could be persuaded to shower, John made do with a catlick. Washing off the traces of blood and iodine on his belly and putting on a fresh pair of pyjamas sufficed to make him feel like a whole new person.
They kiss and kiss and Sherlock is sure he’ll never recover from the extraordinary experience of being engulfed by John.
“I’m just saying that your dating life now affects more than just yourself. So, you should consider raising your standards. A materialistic bigot with a smoking habit and an obvious thing for single fathers might be an acceptable option for a quick shag if you’re in such a need for one, but highly unsuitable to have around a small child, don’t you think?”
John distinctly remembers how he had danced with Mary and watched Sherlock over her shoulder, the two of them exchanging one last awkward little smile. When he had turned around the next time, Sherlock had been gone.
So, Sherlock handing him the car keys spoke volumes. Since Sherlock had not protested even as he turned on the radio—a habit that normally entailed a scornful analysis of today’s pop songs—and fallen asleep almost immediately, John had first ascribed it to simple exhaustion. Sherlock hadn’t slept at all last night but he had seen Sherlock go days without eating or resting properly and still demanding control over everything. John had often suspected that the trials of the last few years had taken their toll on Sherlock’s body and his resources were slowly but steadily depleting. This incident just seemed to present another piece of evidence supporting his hypothesis. John himself was utterly exhausted after the case they had just solved but at least he had gotten a few hours of rest. They weren’t in their early thirties anymore and John surely felt the effects of progressing age on his own stamina. Not that either of them would ever admit to it.
still looks like walls with bullet holes and union jack pillows and earphones on a bison skull to him.
“I don’t want to terminate our friendship,” John says with the tiniest shake of his head. He sets his tea down and rubs his forehead. “I just wish you would’ve told me sooner.”
?” Sherlock marked the last word with air quotes to underline his sarcasm, desperately hoping that John wouldn’t recognize it as the futile attempt in masking his insecurity it was. John didn’t need to know how nervous he was about this part of the night—all honesty aside.
“The lights are on now,” John said, intertwining their fingers in an assertive motion and stepping even closer.
“You wouldn’t.” Sherlock’s voice was matter-of-factly yet soft, but as John inhaled to form an objection he added with an adamantine stare from steely eyes: “No, listen to me: You wouldn’t. There’s nothing you can say or do to change my mind, John. I want to have sex with you like this, been wanting that for a very,
As they sat down one December evening, both exhausted from assisting Lestrade on a case which unfortunately called for a lot of lengthy stake-outs, the flat lay in comfortable silence. Mrs. Hudson had already put Rosie to bed in her room where she, fortunately, slumbered now. John made tea and handed Sherlock a couple of gingernuts with his cup and a quiet smile before he slumped down on the sofa and turned on the telly.
Greg came barging in on their domestic bliss a couple of hours later, accompanied by Molly. The traces of last night’s troubles had been washed away by sleep and good news.
“So, do you love me?” he croaks out, a hint of the mischievous grin Sherlock adores so much tugging at his lips.
“I… John… We fought… I screamed… Rosie…” Sherlock’s voice broke, limbs shivering from the frost and agony. He could barely keep himself upright. At his words, Molly seemed to shake off the remainder of tiredness and take in the sight of him: greatcoat unbuttoned, no scarf, face ghostly pale, eyes red.
John’s voice adumbrated the smile on his face. “Yeah, like that. I could do one of those every night.”
As soon as he slackens the reins, his mind tries to drift off to those perilous realms he eschews and yet feels drawn to.
By the time the police showed up the whole city knew. Some grieving, most cheering. The police had no idea about who had done it. There was too many suspects, everyone really hated this man. It became a closed case just like that. "De?" Sherlock asked looking up, "Yes, sher?" he laughed he liked it when she called him that, it sounding like she was saying yes sir but with a hint of Sherlock. "What did father call you the night before he, you know... I don't understand French." "He called me Vous hostie de merde which means you worthless piece of shit." "Oh..." The little boy said looking down. He didn't expect it when Delilah picked him up and pun around in circles.
Sherlock looked down at him, his features fogged with sorrow. The sight took John aback. What was there to be sad about?
He shouldn’t have had all those pints with his rugby mates. These guys drink way too hard for him. Hell, he can barely remember when and how he made it to the hotel room.
As they said goodbye, John and Harry shared a tight hug that seemed to mend some of the broken bonds between them. His heart still light from the acceptance and reassurance his sister had offered, John made his way through the darkening city. Rosie had become increasingly grouchy since she had woken up from her nap and now fidgeted in her pushchair. It was about time that he brought her home, John thought.
Oh, how kind they all are to him, showering him with biscuits and cold cases and body parts like a child with scraped knees who’s kept from crying by waving a shiny, new toy before its eyes.
“Someone with a very close emotional connection to Jason. A family member, a lover, something in that order. Who else would a) try to reanimate him in the middle of a heated argument—”
John rose again, holding Rosie upright on her tiny gloved hands, while she greeted her mother in wet babbling sounds. She had grown so much. Soon she would walk on her own, speak, leave for her first day of school, dance on her wedding day. Without her mother there to guide her. John’s insides ached for his daughter. But there was also so much room now, for a different future to grow in the space Mary had left, a better one even. John would do all humanly possible to fill that void with love and adventures and flowers to bloom in the spring. And his little girl would be happy, sung to sleep by a dark, honey-like voice, walked down the aisle by two pairs of fatherly hands. The thought made John’s heart sing.
John looked up and gave her a reassuring smile. “Do you remember whether it was closed when you came home?”
“It’s vodka with a bit of lemon juice and raspberry lemonade,” John replied with a hint of insecurity but Sherlock smiled shyly.
Greg’s lungs burn almost as badly as his worry. Like wildfire, his thoughts are spreading in every possible direction, devouring everything in their way. “What?”
The three of them shared a pretty messy snack—Rosie insisted on feeding John and Sherlock some of her whole grain cereal with clumsy little hands—and were just setting up a little playground for the toddler on the sitting room floor, consisting of some of those educational and sensory stimulating toys Sherlock had insisted on getting her, when John’s phone buzzed. It was still in the pocket of his jacket, haphazardly draped over the little side table by the door. Sherlock’s greatcoat piled next to it on the floor, evidence of the passion that had found its way into 221B last night.
John’s laughter filled the booth and Sherlock joined in, at last, unable to fight the chuckle making its way out of his chest. John always made things easier for him, always found a way to soothe his spiralling mind. God, how he adored him.
After they finally had left, Sherlock returned to John, finding him sitting on his side of the bed. His face was still rather pale but at least the shivering had stopped. John shot him an apologetical smile while Sherlock just stood in the doorway, unsure how to proceed. He wanted to make John feel better, no matter what it took. That was what a good friend was supposed to do. And he wanted to be a good friend for John Watson, so badly.
“Well, I guess, given the circumstances, that’s good news.” Greg sighed, his lips pursed into a tense smile. “Okay, morgue next?”
After abundantly making fun of silly human sentiment over the years, here is Sherlock, crafting a beautiful love letter and hiding it in John’s coat pocket. The charming bastard.
“There’ve always been people who would’ve been affected, Sherlock,” John said, trying not to let the nauseating mixture of pity and remorse creep up his throat and tint his voice.
“Oh, Johnny.” That was all his sister got out before falling mute for a few minutes. John tried to remember the last time they had shared such a comfortable silence. Harry’s thumb rubbed little circles on his skin while her other hand raised her cup for careful sips.
“And you would never miss a gathering where there’s cake,” Sherlock interjected teasingly as John came over with a glass of champagne and took his hand.
Soon, however, another obstacle presents itself. Every additional sip seems to fire Sherlock’s imagination and Greg needs all his focus to gently steer him away from the completely ludicrous ideas he begins to form without stepping on dangerous territory again.
John tightened his grip around his fiancé, ignoring the protesting sting his side gave at the movement. His fingers rubbed soothing circles onto Sherlock’s skin. “But that’s not a bad thing, love.”
The door isn’t locked, so Greg pushes it open and untangles himself from Sherlock who seems rather confused by his actions.
The words shoot through Sherlock like poison arrows. He can’t do this. He can’t listen to John saying he needs him, can’t meet his eyes when they’re so full of sincerity.
“I usually prefer my violin but it’s not as suited for comping,” Sherlock says, his words still audibly slurred, although he is making an effort to sound sober. “On the rare occasion that I compose music with lyrics, I… switch instruments. The guitar was more accessible than a piano. I could’ve broken into Mycroft’s place while he’s at work and used his concert grand but I prefer a less… nauseating environment when I’m composing.”
We're getting closer to our happy ending but it wouldn't be as sweet without a little angst now, would it? ;)
Since all residents were more or less lying about something, it was distinctly more difficult to sort out the innocent ones. Sherlock finally broke loose in the church of all places. While the residents gathered to mourn collectively, he rolled into their middle like a force of nature, leaving nothing in his way in its initial place. When he was finished with his deductions and had exposed all kinds of affairs, porn addictions, substance abuse or money problems, the once so quaint village all but lay in ashes. It turned out that Evan’s mother was one of the people cheating on their spouses which represented itself as a brilliant new lead. But nothing came up in further investigation. Both Mr. Nichols and Mr. Daniels, Ethan’s math teacher, had an alibi. Their public exposition, however, entailed a brawl between the two men and a nervous breakdown on the part of Mrs. Nichols that sent her to the hospital.
John doesn’t look at him. “Well, she’s there for me, has been although I’ve not been much fun these past few years. She made me laugh when I firmly believed I never could again.” He peels his eyes away from Mary and gladly receives a fresh pint from the bar. After a sip, he continues: “She gave my life meaning again after… you know. Proposing, marrying her seemed like the right thing to do. Make an honourable woman of her. Start a family. It’s what you do, innit?” He gives Greg a quick glance before taking another, plucky gulp.
“And… and Rosie?” The words tasted stale and bitter as he forced them out, not even sure how he could speak at all—there was no breath left to exit his body. It took enormous efforts to stay upright. Or had he lain down already? Was this the floor or the ceiling he stared at?
For a second, both of them halt, gaze flicking back and forth between lips and eyes, but then their mouths crash together with the force of an avalanche and Sherlock is knocked off his feet, bowled over by the sheer intensity of it. Little white lights start to dance behind his eyelids as his body disregards gravity and threatens to float off, up into the night sky to dance with the snowflakes.
As John wiped his cheek where a rebellious drop had made its way across his skin, Sherlock looked deeply disturbed.
“What did you just say?” Sherlock interrupted her, stepping closer and fixating her with an adamantine stare. John startled and halted in his movements, only his eyes flicking back and forth between Sherlock and the victim of his anger.
—, and further down still, spreading soft kisses on every bit of skin he passed: over Sherlock’s chest where a heart proclaimed its existence in a hard rhythm—
John scrolls through his sent texts, each sounding a little more desperate than the last. Of course, Sherlock often doesn’t reply to texts he doesn’t deem worthy of an answer.
The sun is hanging low outside, reaching for his naked feet on the coffee table with golden fingers.
With more mental effort than should have been required, he turns off the water and reaches for a bathrobe.
. They only hurt John to hurt Sherlock. He was his breaking point, his weak spot, and Sherlock was unable to protect him. He could only tear at his chains and scream John’s name as his friend endured his torment in stoic braveness, sometimes for hours, until a merciful force finally let Sherlock wake up, shaking and covered in cold sweat.
. I’ve come to think that this is true. Maybe some things cannot be put into words. Maybe there are things too vital for mere language to convey, too ineffable. I’ve attempted it nevertheless and hope the music simplifies matters.”
“Sherlock, you’re next,” said Greg before John could ask any follow-up questions, not completely disguising the gloating in his voice. Molly seemed to notice, too, and nudged him with her elbow.
Hamish addressed Sherlock directly, "I know you're important to us, but the words we use aren't quite right. But I wasn't sure how to ask you what to call you."
Greg looked at Sherlock, "Oh, I see. I just, I didn't-" Mycroft gave him a look, and Greg stopped talking.
"I know, Mummy, but Robert is making himself responsible. He's taking responsibility. Because….He knows Roderick…Well, I don't understand. Why he's willing to give so much."
John has not heard anyone wail like that since the night the fifth Northumberland fusiliers were ambushed, when Corporal Joel screamed out the moment he saw their doctor slump over in a flash of blood and shrapnel.
Hamish smiled, unconsciously pulling at Sherlock's coat that was draped over the seat, "So you're unattatched, like me. A loner."
"You're my moon. My sweet prince," John playfully kisses his cheek, grabbing his beautiful arse one more time.
Sherlock sat up a bit. John gasped at more air and continued, "We went there on horses. We were riding back when you got hurt. You were thrown off your horse."
He decides, however, that he must play her. Have it show that he's feeling somewhat defeated, but still resolute to work through a solution. He remembers John telling him once that the stage "lost a great actor when Sherlock Holmes moved into detective work," so he trusts those instincts.
As Sherlock packed, John puttered in the kitchen, cleaning and working off nervous energy. John jumped when he felt Sherlock's fingers over his left elbow. Sherlock pivoted him around, putting their left hands together, "Did you want rings, John?" He placed his long fingers over John's, comparing them. John could feel his fingers trembling.
"You did, you decided to pick me up yourself, rather than waiting for me?" He continues smiling at Mycroft; he feels Robert's warmth off of his leg.
"No. You wouldn't have liked me then," Sherlock stroked John's back thoughtfully, "We need to stop hugging. It's not one of the 35 approved methods of back or rib adjustment."
"Actually, young man," John said as he took Hamish's glass, "It seems that you need a small nap. After your nap you and Mr. Detective can go back to playing with your blood samples and whatnot."
"I have nothing to remind me of you, Sherlock Holmes. You have my tartan.  What token can I have of yours?"
"John, John. We're going to be late," Sherlock squeaked as John smacked his mouth with deep kisses. John giggled.
"Sherlock, Sherlock," John moaned, feeling against his lover's neck, keeping time with the pulse point there, "I love you. I've never loved anyone like this. I love you."
John realized, the shock and pain hitting him all at once, that he'd been shot in his bad shoulder. The shoulder didn't hurt because the nerve endings had been damage previously. Sherlock was saying something, as were the doctors, nurses, passengers, but he couldn't make out the sound.
"Our home will be even more beautiful, Sherlock. And your happiness is worth all of my gardens and all of my lands."
"Mr. Jim Moriarty," Mycroft clips, not even allowing the other man to start speaking, "I suggest you quit with the clandestine secrets. We have to work together."
When Sherlock was satisfactorily clean, John scrubbed himself quickly. John left the tub first, wrapping a plaid around himself, then grabbed one to wrap around Sherlock. John kept his arms around Sherlock the entire time as he lead him to the bed. Sherlock felt warm, and sleepy, but John wouldn't let John lay back onto the comforters.
Daemon jumped a bit when the doors opened. John walked in, quiet, hands in his pockets. Sherlock and Daemon watched him walk through the audience seats, all three men too exhausted to speak. John stood between them, looking up at the scaffolding.
"Well…ok. So I wasn't handsome, not typically so, I wasn't fit, blonde haired, blue eyed, rugby player type," Sherlock gave a flit of his chin to gesture at John. John laughed.
"We may need to not show our hand to her, just yet," Mycroft answers, slowly, weighing each word, "If she knows at all, and loved you, she would not have shot him. You may have some time with Sherlock to let things cool off..."
Sherlock grabbed the leather bag that had been stowed under his seat. He jumped down from the wagon, his legs beginning to shake. He wasn't sure that he'd be able to walk. John was at his side, holding his arm. Sherlock allowed John to take the bag from him. They entered John's home, the windows open and the light shining in from many windows and the fireplace hatch. John led Sherlock over to his bed which was tucked in the corner of the house, at the opposite end of the kitchen.
John tried to shuffle up using only half of his body, but couldn't. He hissed in pain, "No, Sherlock, I'm not playing. I fell on my injured shoulder. Can you help me?"
"No one else, Sherlock, no one else," John moved the plaids out of his way, holding onto Sherlock's hips. He opened his legs, sitting back on his arse and heels, allowing Sherlock to spread his legs and lower himself onto John's cock. John held him, allowing only his tip to enter, "Doesn't this feel better than your fantasies? Does this feel better than the rubber you had before?"
John Watson, M.D. fell asleep for three hours, lulled into a dreamless sleep. When he woke, he decided to change the topic of his speech to something he felt was closer to the truth. Something that the crowd needed to hear. He scratched out and rewrote sections, understanding that he needed to talk about his life after the army as a type of therapy. He had hidden from it too long, and it had taken a toll on his ability to form meaningful relationships with others.
"John, I was so alone before I met you and Hamish. It was pure luck that you came upon me at that crime scene. You saved my life," at this, Sherlock shakes his head, tears are beginning to form in his eyes, "I could've died in that alley, but you saved me. I never expected to be loved by someone like you. You are perfect for me. You don't think I'm strange. You love me for who I am. You both feel like my family and I want to make you my family, officially. John Hamish Watson, will you marry me?"
John woke to a smell of pancakes and the sound of giggles. His back ached from being in and out of bed for most of the last 24 hours. As he rolled up and sat on the edge of the bed, he heard Hamish yell, "Papa, Daddy's finally awake!"
"We need to go back. They'll think I've kidnapped you," John breathed, his lips ghosting over Sherlock's as he spoke.
Sherlock huffed out as John pulled on his legs. John was shaking his head, "Wait, which Mr. Wiggins?" Sherlock thought through all the Wiggins he knew. There was five in his homeless network, one that worked at the largest grocery store, two school teachers….he continued mapping in his brain the layout of their locations as Hamish talked.
They wore kilts, with black waistcoats intricately buttoned with the plaids dashed across their chests. Sgian-dubh were tucked into their white stocking socks that went up to their knees. On their feet were shiny, black brogues and they wore dress sporrans that glinted with silver chains that held them at the wearer's groin.
“Thank you,” John called after him as Sherlock disappeared into the next aisle, his long legs bridging the distance to the dairy section much quicker than John could’ve managed with Rosie strapped to his chest.
Grabbing Sherlock by his thighs—well, maybe his arse—for leverage, John spun them both around in a swift, almost effortless motion until Sherlock lay on his back, head landing on the sofa’s armrest, and John half-knelt between his readily spread legs. The sight made John wet his lips in nothing short of ravenous appetite. The way Sherlock’s cheeks were flushed a bright crimson by now, his chest heaving in such violent motion that the already strained buttons of his shirt were seconds from giving way—nothing and no one had ever looked this delicious. Sherlock gawked up at him with surprised admiration for a second before John dove down to him, greedily extracting a few kisses, before positioning himself flush with Sherlock’s body and grinding his hips in a slow wave that made Sherlock cry out in a guttural moan. John half-heartedly tried to stop and shush him—Mrs. Hudson was probably still awake—but firm fingers were already wrapped around his arse cheeks and coaxed a steady rhythm out of him. John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck again, muffling his own groans by working his tongue and teeth against the exquisitely responsive skin.
One of the waiters guided them to their usual booth at the window and then went to fetch Angelo. The owner never missed an opportunity to greet Sherlock. Over the years, this had become a routine, a ritual even, but tonight everything was new and exciting and… actually a bit scary. Sherlock hadn’t felt like this since the first time he had brought John here. On that fateful night, he had panicked, too, had rejected John in a way that had embarrassed them both terribly. Sherlock couldn’t count the times he had thought about this interaction—well, of course, he could count but what was the use in that? He couldn’t mess up now. Not this time.
But then there was a dim light and John, piecing Sherlock’s physical form back together with soft kisses and reliable strokes, stacking cell upon cell. Into each layer, he wove another vow, another reminder of his eternal devotion, until Sherlock returned into a new body, given and altered by the touch of the man he loved. Because this wasn’t death after all—it was rebirth.
John did his best to ignore it but the beast’s howls grew louder with every shudder and spasm jolting through Sherlock’s body. The savage rhythm of his heartbeat took over, drums in the nightly jungle, and John raided the man beneath him, leaving behind nothing but charred ruins of pleasure. As if in trance, he kissed and bit, stroked and licked every inch of him he could reach with voracious diligence. Sherlock reciprocated as far as his restrained position allowed, arching against John’s body, half-heartedly trying to free himself while cheering him on with gasps and groans.
Sherlock tugged at his hand. “Everything we tried so far was absolutely breath-taking. I loved it, all of it. I don’t know why penetration should be any different.” The small, encouraging smile he gave John made his insides clench even more. Sherlock was so trusting, so unjustifiably trusting.
The buzzing and beeping drove him mad. With a dauntless swing, Sherlock sent his phone flying over the balustrade. It cut through the air, its last beeping sounds faint against the noise of the cars driving by, until it hit the surface of the Thames and sunk, silenced at last.
Lestrade stepped forward and placatingly raised his hands as Laney crouched deeper into the cushions. “We’re looking for your brother. Do you know where he is?”
“Sherlock—,” Lestrade began, hands raised in an appeasing gesture that only facilitated Sherlock’s anger. It boiled beneath the surface, so scorching hot his skin must’ve shown by now, must’ve bubbled and melted off.
Sherlock froze and looked at him like John had just struck him with lightning, eyes wide in shock, but John kept going, unable to stop the words that had waited so long to be uttered: “I know that I’ve hurt you, I never meant to, you have to believe me. I don’t know why it took so bloody long for me to get it. I’m sorry, Sherlock, I’m so sorry that I put you through this and that I pushed you away like that last night. I was just so shocked and didn’t realize what I was doing and—Christ, Sherlock, I am so sorry. I don’t know what else to say. I know that it doesn’t excuse what a complete arse I was and I know that I can’t make up for it. And I understand if this is all too little too late and you are done with me but I needed you to know that I love you even if you never want to see me again. I would totally understand that. You must hate me and you surely have every right to.”
He ran one hand through his hair, fixing the damage the running had done only superficially; There was still a stray strand hanging into his face. His cheeks were flushed by adrenaline, his eyes almost glowing in the semi-darkness. Even if they hadn’t just run after a suspect, this sight would have been more than enough to take Sherlock’s breath away.
“I didn’t.” Sherlock’s voice was barely audible. He seemed to shrink, to slowly shrivel to a ghostly image of the brilliant energetic man John knew.
“Good God, Sherlock, I thought someone was about to blow up the flat again,” she chuckled in apparent relief.
Something about his stubborn stance, this way he plants himself on one spot, immovable and obstinate, makes Sherlock’s blood boil over. John is a soldier, for God’s sake; He should be the first to understand that there are worse things than death.
Sherlock needs a safe place to spend the night before he does something irreversibly stupid. He heads out to find the one person whom he's always trusted, even at his lowest points.
Sherlock turned to him, his frustration reaching the boiling point. “Yes, but you’re all idiots!” he yelled, eyes as cold and piercing as he could muster. How could anyone believe that this wasn’t all his own doing, his personal failure?
And if he froze to death somewhere on these all too familiar streets it wouldn’t matter much, would it? He knew enough silent corners where no one would find him until his suffering was over. Or at least, where no one would stumble over his half-frozen body by accident. If someone actually made an effort to find him, there were people who could. But no one cared enough to go looking for him on a bleak January night, not anymore. Glorious images rose in front of his mind’s eye: a desperate John spotting him in an empty alley just in time, tending to his pale, cool figure with tears of regret in his eyes; John reviving him with his own body warmth, kissing life into lips blue from hypothermia. Sherlock wiped them off with a guttural howl that made two passers-by jump back with alarmed faces.
