take it, I think," said Jimmy. "So close. Until I can fill you up, and feel your tight, beautiful body."
"You don't have to answer any questions.” Dean said that more for Sam than Cas. He didn’t think it would make too much of a difference to Cas. After the fourth set of failed search terms, he set the laptop aside. Took Cas’ hands.
Jimmy wrapped his arms around Dean. "Hey. Tell me to stop and I will. But what I'd like to do, is lay you right here in Cas' arms, and he can hold you, and play with your pretty cock while I just very gently make love to you."
Hands pulled Dean forward, just a little jolt to give him friction from Jimmy's body, and allow Cas to move his fingers down, off the swell of his ass around the curves of his inner thighs. His touch there was so light that there was almost nothing to feel. But then his hands got heavier, bringing Dean's legs just a little bit farther apart.
. Would’ve thought he'd learn this time. He snorted. Not likely. Something was building in his chest and finally burst forth as the most honest thing he'd said in weeks. "
Jimmy nodded. And it took about five seconds for the grip on his shoulder to get a whole lot stronger.
"I think about it,” said Jimmy. “I think about you - making love to me. I... I've gotten off to it." He went hot and red.
Jimmy pulled the computer into his lap, skimmed through the list, and then started to read aloud, very quiet, very intense.
Dean wrapped himself up even tighter in Jimmy's trench coat. Told himself Jimmy needed his space. Didn’t want Dean to touch him. Dean could understand that.
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath, hiding his face against Cas. "Thanks." He wasn't sure if Cas was being considerate or careful. He decided not to ask. Drawing away only as far as necessary, Dean admired those stunning eyes and the ancient being that looked out of them, who saw Dean as someone worth saving.
. Holding his hand to the mark that was a record of the first time they met. What was he supposed to
"I want to do right by him." Dean paused. "But there's a problem. He says it feels weird to be fake-married while he's still real-married. And I won't let him fake his death. I'm not doing that to the kid.”
Jimmy practically threw himself at Dean, squeezing around his shoulders. Arms settled around his waist like they belonged there, and Dean breathed a sigh of relief. It was a little pathetic, but no one had to know he’d been afraid they were going to leave him again. Jimmy was muttering strings of broken sentences against his neck.
so beautiful. Having my fingers in you felt amazing. You were..." For some reason, Dean felt almost shy. Just... talking like this. He didn't really do the whole morning after thing.
" He scrabbled - with the hand that wasn't still inside Dean - hanging on to his shoulder for leverage. He gulped, and swore. "He's so close. You would not
It sent Dean sinking deeper into his strange sort of zen. Torn between trying to focus on Cas and wanting to just float in the safety that was being snuggled between these two. This was even better than being the little spoon. Definitely different from sleeping between two chicks.
Cas leaned in, and kissed Dean like he was pouring out his goddamn soul. Maybe he was. He had said something about reconfiguring things. And Cas was clearly willing to take his time, because after that he kissed along Dean's cheek and eyebrow, nuzzled along his temple and hairline.
"I'm pretty sure in Cas’ head we’re already married. But Jimmy wants to update the fake papers to include marriage stuff."
"Wait, this car has bench seats?" Jimmy was climbing out of shotgun - out of Sam's seat - into the back.
"Come one, you love the Fourth of July! I bought you a whole box of fireworks once. With honest money I earned myself and everything. I worked a normal-ass job to buy you that."
"You are so open for us, beloved," muttered Cas. "You give us your trust. Not just now.” His hand came to the small strip of skin between stockings and corset, and pulled Dean's thigh back, to give Jimmy more room to work with.
The porch had become a comfortable sofa. The field had vanished. The entire world was black, a night sky filled with tiny specks of light, tracing the outlines of a sphere of moving lace, a rough sketch of Castiel's true form.
Dean gave up trying to speak, and made an irritated noise before just wiggling his way closer. He kept hold of the pillow, only letting go enough to pull the edge of the trench coat so that it covered Jimmy a little too. It was stupid, but Dean felt safer that way.
. And I couldn't explain what happened to me before, not in a way that Amelia would accept. But with you I could. Because it's the truth. I
Jimmy tucked his head under Deans chin. Reached out a hand, and when Cas took it, yanked him closer. Dean felt breath against his neck as Cas lay warm against his back, warm fingers drawing little patterns against his skin.
Jimmy just looked at him, intense, the way he'd looked as he read Cas' mind in their dream. "Let me know what you're asking? The answer's yes."
"Just a sec." Dean was already coating a finger in lube. "It'll be easier to reach from inside. It just might take a minute."
Cas bent down to kiss Dean again. When he broke it - "We would both love to touch you. Is that too much?"
"Sammy?" Dean could feel his physical body again. This was now. Alastair was dead. Sam wasn't. Dean needed to find a way to stay here, a way to remember how to talk. There was a familiar jacket under his cheek, and it smelled like Sam. "Can we call Dad?” he said.
Jimmy laid himself along Dean's back and kissed between his shoulder blades. Cas took a few deep breaths before he was able to speak.
"Don't take this the wrong way. But I miss having both you guys in the same body. This has its advantages," Dean snuggled back into Cas, "but it's not the same.” Snuggling was a pretty generous description for what he was doing. It leaned towards cuddling, but... suggestive cuddling. Dean kissed Jimmy's hair and whispered, as if Cas weren't right there, "Feel like this all the time? Like he's got you in this nice warm hug?"
"I love you." He held on tight to Jimmy, covering his face in kisses. "I love you so damn much. Thank you. Oh, God. Thank you so... much... I can't... I didn't..."
Cas looked sideways at Dean and smiled. He moved, so his body language was just that sliver more open.
Cas and Jimmy went still above him. For a beat or two they seemed to stop breathing. And then they moved, both at once. Jimmy flipped Dean onto his back, into Cas' chest. There was the sound of wings as Cas flicked backwards against the cushions, Dean in his lap. He hooked fingers into the garters holding up the thigh-high stockings. Used them to pull Dean’s legs further apart.
Jimmy snuck a hand into Dean’s jeans, cupping his balls. Even through jeans and slacks, Dean could feel just how hard he was. "What do you say?" Jimmy whispered into his ear. "Dealer's choice, or have you got any requests?"
"Yeah. Sorry about that. Hey. Where's Cas?" Dean was trying to figure out what happened, and didn't have a lot to go on. "He's probably worried about me and… Crap. Jimmy's probably a mess."
Dean opened his eyes. “I take it all back. Jimmy is the luckiest son-of-a-bitch I know if he gets to see you like that every day.” They were still on the sofa, but now the sofa was in a room with a large low bed along one wall. It looked familiar. There were candles and rugs and a few wooden trunks scattered around. It took him a minute to place them. And when he did, Dean laughed. "Hey Cas, this is where you were doing your weird sexy cult leader thing in that future!"
you can." He turned Dean's face towards him, and kept it there. "You will be no one's sword. You are ours. You will forgive yourself for this as well."
Dean nuzzled against it affectionately, leaving open mouthed kisses along the length of one side. Cas made a pleased, humming sound.
"Um. Time, it – gets weird for me. Not in a bad way. But, probably not for a while?” Jimmy looked embarrassed. “I don't think I sweat anymore though.”
Cas' eyes were glowing. His silver-blue angelic aura reflected off the bathroom's white tiles. He laid a hand over Dean’s forehead.
Jimmy happily snuggled into the two of them. Tiny gold patterns moved down his hands like henna, but Cas' eyes didn’t move from Dean.
"That's, uh... kind of a lot to ask a guy?" Damn did Cas ever know how to throw him off balance. Dean wasn't sure if he was excited or nervous. He felt a little like he was having an out of body experience. Figuratively. Not in an astral projection kind of way.
Jimmy pulled Dean into his arms, and tucked his head under his chin. "Come here, you. Castiel knows you love him. No question. That was a big deal, what you did last night. But I have to know. Is this guy... still alive? This guy who isn't Zachariah. Because Castiel is going to want to kill him. And by Castiel, I mean me. But Castiel will get there first."
"It wasn't Zachariah. Gotta say this. Could you maybe just... hold me for a sec? But first....uh, I need to get something." Dean sat, and rearranged things so that he was holding the trench coat like a child would a blanket. His ears were burning with shame, but he didn't know how else he'd be able to get through this. "Cas knows I love him, right? This isn't his fault. I'm not scared of
"Seriously, don’t kill yourself getting over here. This place is mostly crap but it has a really nice bed. If you wanted to finish up the case you're on, take a detour, we could stay another night."
"Don't worry. I got you." It was only a few steps to the edge of the bed. "You're not going anywhere." He felt Jimmy's legs lock tighter around his waist, and Dean arranged things so he could lay him down. He was supporting his own weight, keeping Jimmy pinned to the mattress underneath him. "Cas is great, but he's not you. He’s also not the one I want right now.”
"Please?" Dean surprised himself by wishing they had a blindfold. But that could wait. He did want to see Castiel's face after all.
"Okay, slow. You can start to press in a bit." He felt like he was giving instructions for driving a forklift. Oh well. Not everything about sex could be sexy all of the time. Not even Dean Winchester.
finally say hello, he makes a point to draw my attention to the sexy new vessel he’s got like a girl showing off a new dress. Oh, this is after he’s blown out all the lightbulbs. Not even blinking." Dean was taking some artistic license. “Guess what he said instead of 'hello’?"
"I don't really know this stuff,” Dean admitted. “Don't go to many weddings. But I do know I'm supposed to kiss you."
"I, ah. Like the lace. And I like calling you kitten. But, um. Claire. Would call me -" Jimmy couldn't quite make himself say it.
Taking a slow, unsteady breath, Dean brought his hand to Castiel’s shoulder, mirroring the handprint on his own body. He knew these shoulders. He knew these arms. “I need this Cas,” he whispered, almost a prayer. “You have no idea how much I need this.”
The worst part of everything, the worst part of everything he’d been through in Hell, was that he hadn't hated every second of it. If he had, things would be so much easier now.
"He knows you did not mention it, but if you wanted to fuck him - he thinks about how the drag of your cock inside him would feel."
Right now he was good. So much better than good. Cas was slow and careful in a way that no human could be, and Dean was expecting that awkward moment where he couldn’t relax enough to take two fingers, but that moment never came. Instead, Dean kissed his way into Cas' mouth as Cas continued to open him up. Reaching between them, he took Cas in hand. He might not be able to feel Castiel's true form inside him, but he could feel this.
Then he laid Dean out on the bedspread, arranging him so all his limbs were spread apart, and continued, kissing along his stomach, and hip bones, and groin. He laid one little kiss on just the head of Dean's cock, before continuing down to kiss along Dean's inner thighs. And with that finished, he arranged himself in the pillows as carefully as he had Dean, so there would be the least amount of jostle possible, when Cas laid him across his chest.
"Admit it. With all the freaky shit you and Cas get up to, that was at least as much you talking as him."
Dean's words were gentle, teasing, the same as his lips as he familiarized himself with slopes and planes of Castiel's chest and shoulders. He reached the dip between the collar bones. "Seriously, Cas. Thank you."
at each other. “Sometimes humans do this thing where we sit down before big conversations." he said.
"... that's what you were after...." Jimmy said, as the muscles in his body untwisted around Dean's hands.
He took a calming breath, brought one hand to rest at the small of Jimmy's back, clear of any sensitive invisible points of connection. The other reached back to find one of Cas' thighs. "I feel like his property sometimes. I want to belong to you instead."
Cas rolled onto his back, next to Dean. His thighs spread, and a hand went between them as he leisurely began to finger himself open. Cas closed his eyes and hummed, and his breathing became relaxed and even. This new activity was clearly working for him. The other hand, the unoccupied hand, reached out to find Dean's wrist.
"I'm not sure I feel it. It's more like a memory?” Dean tried thinking about it like Jimmy said. “I don't remember it, but part of me does."
Jimmy smiled, and raked one hand through the hair at Dean's temple. He pulled his face closer and kissed, biting playfully at the bottom lip, going deeper and deeper with his tongue as his nails ran across Dean's scalp. Then he pulled back, and kissed Dean one more time, softly and sweetly.
Cas laid another kiss higher up his thigh. “Do you like the idea of me inside you? Are you considering it now. In the privacy of your mind."
"Edging," said Castiel, matter-of-factly. He appeared to have regained speech at some point while kissing Dean's chest.
"I would hold you, just like this, and praise your body and mind and soul and deeds. I would repeat the praise others have for you, until you become strained and embarrassed and tell me to stop. But I would not want to stop. And that is not the lesson you have been trying to teach today."
He surged up to kiss Dean, reaching behind him for Cas. Their fingers twined together, Jimmy’s and Cas,' as they kissed him, Cas’ lips along his hairline, and Jimmy across the soft skin of his jaw.
Dean didn't know why he was having trouble saying this, considering everything he’d already said. He wanted words that wouldn't sound cliche and stupid when he said them out loud.
got through the haze. Dean let Cas' thumb slip from his mouth for a second. "What... what'd'ya mean?" That didn't sound good. "Ketch, what's he talking about?"
Once Dean was on the road with some kind of clear destination - even if that destination was just another crappy motel - life did feel a lot more manageable. And even though Cas could literally teleport, he was still riding shotgun, staring silently out the window, watching the flat Missouri horizon go by.
"Please stay?" There it was. With one question, he handed them the ability to break him beyond recognition.
Dean braced his arm against the headboard and leaned down to whisper in his ear, a little smug. "That so?" He let his breath ghost across Jimmy's skin before moving away. "I'll be sure to keep that in mind." Deciding not to be a complete tease, he took one of Jimmy's hands - brushing the tip of his nose against the pulse point, before bringing it to his lips.
. It's just words. If I don't want something, I tell you. You saw how I said no to Naked Twister. I also really don't like foot massages. That's okay. I just want to know what you like."
"Listen. I'm with - I'm in Kansas City, in some crappy abandoned house and I need to get my car but I don't know if Cas is still here or not, and..." He couldn't keep his voice from breaking. Hopefully Sam couldn't tell he was crying over the phone. “I don’t know what to do. So, whatever you’re doin,’ if you could get here. Please. I need your help, Sammy."
"Forget it. Don't know why I said that. You're not even human so it's not like this kind of thing matters to you anyway, just forget I said anything." He could not believe how fast he’d gone from sexy and in control to making a complete ass of himself.
Dean needed to be able to think, and he couldn't do that like this. He couldn't talk about safewords while Jimmy kissed his way along his legs. It brought the memory of another smiling face, a moment where everything felt perfect, and then teeth sunk into vulnerable flesh, and pain, and blood.
Everything was fine. Dean just wanted it to stay that way. "Remember to keep talking? Just in case?"
Dean finally did as Jimmy had asked, and ran hands along the contours of his shoulder blades, and his spine, and the tendons that connected them. Jimmy curved into him, flexing the muscles in his back around his hands.
Dean shook his head. That wasn't it. He was pretty sure that wasn't it. It was hard to think, much less explain. He felt… he didn’t know. Everything had been so good before, but the warm feeling of safety had taken a claustrophobic turn somewhere.
He was pressed between both bodies now. Castiel leaned forward, thrusting into Dean with small, intimate, expert movements. Jimmy's body he might be learning, but Dean's body he
"Jimmy...” Dean said. “I want him comfy a lot more than I want an orgasm. That fantasy we had? What part of it spilled over into too much?"
Castiel made an expression that sat right at the crossroads of frustration, annoyance, and pouting. "That is a foolish question."
Very unwillingly, and very slowly, Cas detached his hands from Dean, and took hold of the towel on his waist. He moved like he had to send an order to each muscle individually. But eventually, he did manage to wrap the thing around him.
Jimmy smiled. "I am going to ride a firework in a minute, and it is going to be good. But um. Is there something you don't want to happen? Because the, limiting factor here - it’s not Castiel. There is - he would.
"Sorry if this is weird, but I've never actually been with a guy before." Jimmy picked up his hand for a moment, embarrassed, before putting it back. "I was actually..." He laughed. Dean was starting to think he did that when he was nervous. "Kind of relieved when you said that thing about no butt stuff, because the rest of it. Like I've had sex with ladies, and with myself. But I'd at least like to, read a Wikipedia article on anal? See, a diagram? Sorry, that sounds stupid. I took a test once, said I was a visual learner."
“A place with running water that has not felt a human presence in some time. A place we will not be disturbed.”
"That is the lucky all-nighter sweatshirt,” called Sam from the other room, “and you get to wear it because you’ve been sick." It took Dean a minute to realize that Sam probably didn’t mean staying out all night drinking. Dean had never pulled an all-nighter studying in his life.
"I am lucky in my vessel,” said Cas, quietly. “And in you." He closed his eyes. "He is here, now, saying kind words and fixing the chaos in my form. And admiring your beauty, flushed and on edge as you are.” Cas was gently kissing along the line of Dean's jaw now, a hand moving his face and a thumb touching along his lips.
"We’ll get Bobby to put a watch on them. Any hunter who's in the area can swing by, make sure everything looks normal. I can keep a tab on the mom's credit card purchases, make sure nothing changes."
Dean made a sort of strangled whine before leaning in to kiss the same path his hands had just explored. He made himself stop, just before his lips made contact. "Please?"
"You would ask to simply receive care and love. But you would feel wrong and selfish to lie back and let me love you as you loved my vessel, without giving me something in return. But this kind of surrender is neither incomprehensible nor unforgivable to me. I would give you this. And I hope you would not think badly of me, if I asked for permission to continue even after you began to cry, or struggle, or did anything other than ask me to stop. I will always stop. I will not always be entirely gentle. But I do not think that is always what you want." He turned to stare right at Dean.
"If you can't it’s okay. Hey, if you both look like Jimmy that's hot too. And less likely to arc-of-the-covenant my face. I just like the idea of a real group hug."
. You're getting screwy on me. I'm fine. I'm safe.” Over the phone, he heard Sam draw a breath. “Cas rebelled against heaven because he didn't like the way the other angels were treating you. He
"Sammy? Can you explain to him the exact type of stupid I was when I called you? Because I don't think this man realizes what a colossal dumbass I can be."
"Kinky. You know I’d do that if I could, Cas. I love knowing I get to make love to both of you. Again."
"I understand." Cas was sitting back on his ankles with his hands on his knees, and he looked very serious and proper. "Continue?"
,” said Sam. “You have never been great at serious romantic relationships, even before Hell, and I would bet money that you are looking at something Cas did, and then thinking
wasn't sexy, but it wasn’t like he was going to argue. "Yeah, okay." The watery smile he gave Jimmy was a bit pathetic, but he couldn't really do any better.
Golden patterns started to fold in tighter, and Dean realized - they weren't lightning bugs anymore. He wasn't sure what they were, but also knew that was not a safe question to ask. They
Dean just dropped the lube. He kept a steady rhythm, between the stroke of his fingers and the movement of his head. Even once Jimmy started thrusting, he could keep control of things with the hand around the base of his cock. He started applying a little more pressure, with each motion of his fingers. Still gentle, but persistent.
Cas always ran sort of hot, and the fingers on Dean were warm enough to send a pleasant shock through his system. They began to move, perfectly even, perfectly pressured strokes. Dean bit his lip to keep from making a truly undignified noise. This was actually happening. He wasn't afraid. He had thought he'd be at least a little afraid. But he felt so completely, amazingly safe.
Dean's fingernails were digging into Jimmy's skin, but he couldn't make himself let go. If he did, Jimmy would leave him here.
"It's like this. See?" Dean walked him through it in front of the bathroom mirror. Maybe it wasn't the easiest way to do it, resting his chin on Cas' shoulder and wrapping his arms around him to reach the buttons. But Dean was happy.
Dean took a moment to process that. Then decided he'd be better off keeping his mouth shut. He ran his hand along the entirely too tense looking muscles of Castiel's back.
"Start with the things she can do and go from there." Made sense. Maybe leave out crossroads demons entirely. Chances of her ever having anything to do with one were slim to none. Why risk it?
Jimmy kissed him, and then - still shifting the muscles in his back under Dean's hands - began to stroke the soft, delicate skin of Dean's inner thigh. His fingers were just as barely-touching as Dean's had been, as he made big slow curves, curving up through the hair between Dean's legs, ending on the tight muscles of his stomach.
Jimmy stopped pulling. Dean instantly regretted saying anything. Should have just left his shirts on and not explained why.
There was a complicated sentiment surrounding that which Dean was not able to express. "Yes" was the best he could do.
Once Dean felt his knees hit the edge of the bed, he sort of toppled over onto it, bringing Jimmy with him. The bedsprings screamed in protest. There was a chance Sam had managed to find the single crappiest motel room that also still had electricity. No way Dean was going to let Cas and Jimmy stay here. They deserved better.
ass. Cas can just relax those muscles. I'd have to do it the old fashioned way and I'm not sure if that would work for me, or work enough to feel good for anybody, because... I don't want it to be because I'm too, you know, midwestern. But there's something about being so - pain is scary - and maybe I'd do it wrong, or be a wimp, and there'd be, I don't know, blood. I don't like blood. I'm not very - aware - when Cas fights and - "
"Okay. So God and Sir are banned in the bedroom from now on." He snaked an arm around Cas and placed a kiss on his angel's shoulder, simply because he could. "Okay. Let’s brainstorm. List sexy things until we find one to call you. We could do Angel, but that seems kind of… would that be like you calling me 'Human' or Jimmy ‘Meat-suit?’ Master’s out. What's something sexy that means you belong to someone, and like... is something you're into?"
"I'll wait. It's okay." Dean kept running his hands over Jimmy's body, mesmerized by his hands as he kissed his wrist, right on the pulse point. "You're nervous."
He'd gone from seductive to self-conscious way faster than he would have liked. But at least Jimmy knew he was only pretending to be a badass most of the time. And seemed to like him anyway.
" He dragged a hand up Dean's cock as he kissed him, then leaned down to whisper into his ear, like it was a secret. "What it would feel like to just wrap arms around you and pull you in
"We are lucky in you. Although this strange problem where you temporarily become deaf when you are praised is very worrying. Perhaps you should see a doctor."
. The not-talking thing had been real bad when he was a kid, after the fire. But it had been a long time since it happend in front of someone who wasn’t his dad or – well, Missouri was psychic and Sammy did most of the talking anyway.
Cas' hands crept back towards his ass, and replicated his motions from before, touching without any pressure. Dean was in his element now. Relationships were new and scary, but sex he was good at. "Let’s try that again. The circles felt kinda weird, but you get points for creativity. Just press in slow until you've got about an inch or so inside. I got this."
Dean couldn't talk like this, so he settled on showing his enthusiasm by swallowing around Cas. The muscles in the back of his throat contracted, and his mouth flooded with even more saliva. Cas showed his appreciation by bringing a hand to Dean's cheek, but fucking his mouth just as hard.
, sailor? Pretty sure it's 'Hello, sailor.'" He used a comedically sultry, not totally unattractive, Jessica Rabbit voice.
Cas was getting flustered. His eyes fluttered, then flicked to Dean's lips, the rest of him almost vibrating. He pressed forward, searching for a kiss-
" The memory of what Castiel might become vanished, and the frost on the windows started to melt a little.
Cas took his fingers back, and ran them down Dean's body. "You seem to have entered some alternate meditative state. I am reminded of Tantric Buddhism."
Cas twisted onto his side, supporting himself on one elbow. Looking down at Dean's face, his expression was sharper and closer to the avenging angel than it had been a few minutes ago.
"That was corny even for you." Dean pulled Jimmy down to him. "Cas and I were torn up over losing you, you know that? That other me? Cas and him weren’t even talking and I think he was only sticking around for however long he needed to get the job done."
Dean started pacing. The carpet felt weird through his stockings. He realized the pacing wasn't helping anyone except him and sat back down. He wrapped his arms around Jimmy, rested his chin on his shoulder. The only thing that mattered now was Cas. But Dean wasn't good at situations where all he could do was wait.
"That was not my intention. I would, of course. But I would also wash the effort off your skin, and feel your muscles soften against the warmth of the water."
Jimmy but...  um, yeah." Dean hoped Cas understood. "I just need to know you’re not - I don't know - bleeding out or something? I don't know how this angel stuff works."
"What if I never..." He couldn't give voice to that particular fear. Not in the middle of an empty parking lot, not for all the world to hear. "I don't know. You and Jimmy help. We'll figure something out."
"Sorry, just a sec." Dean looked around. He'd already used most of the towels when he barricaded himself in the bathroom earlier. But he found a clean one. "I stepped in a puddle."
As the phone rang, he listened to the trees move and looked at the way puddles formed in the uneven dips of the road, here in this weird little street on the outskirts of Kansas City.
"I don't want you to go." Dean felt a bit like he was falling. It wasn't as pleasant as the floating feeling. "Cas, what... what is this?" Dean felt drunk. He
Cas rose up on his elbows to join them. "No. This is joyful." Dean pulled their angel into the embrace too. Very squished, and he didn’t care.
Dean swore he could feel hands on his body but they were the wrong hands. Everything about them was wrong. He shoved Jimmy away and bolted. Made it to the sink before throwing up this time.
"I don't think it's up to you to say what's sexy." He smiled at Dean. "You're ours. We decide. And you don't worry about it."
“Please. Love your fingers." He hoped they wouldn’t think he was whining. But Jimmy had stopped and Dean still needed
Cas looked up at him with wide blue eyes. One of his hands came up to cover Dean's, holding it as he parted his lips around the thumb and brought it into his mouth, tasting it, rolling his tongue beside it. His eyes closed in effort and concentration.
Dean unconsciously tried to follow when Cas broke away, then let himself fall back against the pillows. He considered doing an exaggerated swoon, but decided not to. He didn't want to confuse things. And, he wanted to let himself enjoy this. "If we're gonna do this, we're gonna do it right." Dean took one of Castiel's hands and brought it to his lips. There was something about Cas that made him want to do weird old fashioned sappy shit like that. "Tell me how to make you feel good. I want to make this good for you."
"I have been telling you that you are good,” said Cas. “The truth is that is their word. You are clemency, and empathy, and decency. You are better than good."
Jimmy inched on top of him. Reached out to bring the zipper down the rest of the way. His hands slid along the edges of Dean’s hips, pulling off the boxer briefs and jeans. Until there was nothing left. He sighed. "You're an unfair person, you know that? I'd say something about being sculpted by the gods, except that I actually know you were put together by an angel."
Jimmy moved into Dean's space. Managed to tangle himself even more around him, until they were a bundle of legs and arms. And he searched blindly up, nuzzling, for Dean's face. There was a nose, then a mouth on his, but it wasn't a kiss. Jimmy was just sort of pressing there. Asking permission. Dean shook his head. He couldn't.
Dean pulled back again. He wasn’t quite ready. Soon. He nuzzled softly against the skin of Castiel’s thighs, kissing one of Jimmy’s femoral pressure points. It was reassuring, to know if anything happened, he could stop arterial bleeding long enough to apply a tourniquet. He did the same thing on the other side. Between Cas and himself, they could keep Jimmy safe.
too real. Not bad, but - just a lot more than he ever expected. Jimmy wasn't a dream. This wasn't some djinn-vision, or alternate future, or weird hallucination. Jimmy was real. So was Cas.
“Dammit, I love you. I love that you're doing this for me. I love that I get to do this for you. I love that you got yourself here. You've done good."
"Oh no you don't," said Jimmy, and he thrust into Dean, hard. "You've been nothing but my sweet beautiful kitten, getting dressed up in a beautiful corset to please me, and I haven't been treating you right." He picked up the pace. "You need to know you're mine, and only mine. Feel how hard I am kitten? You did such a good job pleasing me."
"Okay, I have no clue what you did, but at least they’ll stay on. We’ll just cut the things and replace them later. No one will notice."
Ketch kissed behind his ear. The back of his neck. Cas' thumb was still in his mouth, but now his other hand was buried deep in Dean’s hair, controlling the movement of his head. All of their legs were tangled hopelessly together. Dean threaded his fingers through Cas’ hair, as he leaned back against Ketch.
It was nice having the family all together like this. He thought he heard Dad and Bobby arguing in the backyard, and the faint sound of his mom's laughter. Sam was around here somewhere. Cas would show up, he always did. Maybe Jimmy had to go into work. Did people work on days like this? It seemed too nice outside for that kind of thing.
"You really are ours," said Jimmy. "This is our body. We made it. We got rid of your scars, fixed that finger that healed wrong. We made your eyesight better."
"I want you so bad." Dean's voice was low, rough. He could feel himself stretch around Jimmy's fingers, without any of the pain he'd grown accustomed to in Hell. Those fingers were slowly moving in and out, a motion that was
“Of course you can have a kiss, kitten. Stay right there, I’m coming around to you. Keep on sucking Cas’ cock.”
And Jimmy was there, up close, between his thighs, grounding him with those deep blue eyes, and a kiss that opened him up.
suspicious. He walked into his brother's room, sat on the foot of the bed, and opened the laptop. And started to type one-handed, because he didn’t want to let go of Cas.
“Glad I could help.” There was a warm fluttery feeling building in Dean’s chest. “There's a lot to be afraid of out there. Shouldn't have to be afraid of who you are." Dean put his hand on Cas' knee. “I'm glad he has us, Cas. I’m glad I have you guys too.”
Dean was careful to balance his weight so he could keep them from falling if Jimmy slipped. If that meant he had to slip his leg between Jimmy's thighs, well. That was just an added bonus.
Yeah. I'll... do that, while you finish up in there." It was only right to give a man some privacy for some things.
"I don't know. Maybe?" he kept hold of Cas, a piece of cover to shield him from harm. "I just want...."
"You mean it? Actually?" said Jimmy, between kisses. "You don't... you don't have to... decide right now. Someone's gonna... need to get me some fake identification anyway..."
Opening his eyes again, Dean had to smile at this concern. “None of this is even real. Worst case scenario, I wake up and whatever happened will just be another bad dream. I’ll be fine.”
Dean smiled and turned his head to kiss Cas' bicep. "You still have too many clothes on." It wasn’t really a complaint. Just an observation.
Sam’s trick worked. Dean double checked to make sure it was what he thought it was, then turned the screen towards Cas.
"There are sigils that cut an angel off from his power. I would paint them on my skin, and you would blindfold me and leave me in a room alone. I would see nothing and sense nothing, and then you would walk in, and I would hear your footsteps, but not know when you would touch me or where."
Cas looked down at the hand he still had wrapped around his cock, as though he had forgotten about it. Then he looked back up at Dean.
“Fuck yes,” Dean bit his lip and closed his eyes briefly, as he finally gave in and wrapped a hand around himself. “Cas. The idea of watching someone like you fall apart for the first time ever? You have no idea how hot that is.” He gave himself a few, slow, teasing strokes before continuing."I want you up against the wall, with both our cocks wrapped in those beautiful long fingers of yours."
"Yeah. But I might not have looked her up again if I hadn’t been on borrowed time, and If I hadn’t done that - Ben might be dead."
Dean was loving it. "Touch him. I know you wanna." He wasn't entirely sure which one of them he was talking to. It didn't really matter.
Dean sat up and shed the trench coat before giving a salute and a wink."Yes sir." He was in the middle of crawling over to Cas before he realized what he'd said. And his reaction was instantaneous.
want, I think it’s your turn. And if I don't want the same things as you that's okay. There's enough we both want that it won't even matter. I'm asking you
Dean wanted to keep watching, but felt a strange buzzing sound behind his eyes. He tried closing them. It helped, but not completely.
“Yeah. What’s your point? Why wouldn't I do that?" You get better at fighting a monster each time you go up against it. Sam knew that. This was the same kind of thing.
Dean moved the arm blocking his vision. Propped himself up on one elbow to get a better view. "Seriously. I'm not complaining, but you have the whole headboard. Can I have one of the pillows? I was kinda hoping to be able to sit back and enjoy the show."
Dean was so hard it was difficult to think straight. But nothing he was doing needed much thinking. All he had to do was keep going, watch Jimmy fall to pieces around him. He was fucking himself on Dean’s fingers, and pushing up into Dean’s mouth - although his cock was a lot less hard than it had been -
The towel Sam held out was pretty thin, but at least it was large. Poking back out from behind the damaged curtain, Dean grabbed it without a thank you. Manners were for boring people.
"Pretty sure I skipped that age. You know, fake IDs. Also, I'm seventy. Just look great for my age." Dean suddenly had a thought. "Does that make me a cougar?"
"There are so many things I must reconsider, Dean,” Cas was saying. “I feel as though the only solid points are you, and Sam, and my vessel. I feel as if I have been turned inside out. I - I do not even know what I am asking for -"
"Yeah." Dean's voice wavered, "I trusted him, Sammy. I thought... I don't know what I thought. I didn't think. If I had, I wouldn't be hiding naked in a crappy bathroom, in a crappy house with a crappy floor plan, and a bedroom with no door!" Dean rested his head against the floor.
"You have managed to find the strangest, creepiest house that so far does not seem to be actually haunted,” he said.
piece of furniture in the room, which had Dean thinking - would it be weird to sit on the floor? He tried to picture it. Instead of Cas in a trench coat, looking totally out of place, all he could see was that Frankenstein's monster of a person, stitched out of the remains of Jimmy and Cas. Telling a group of women to go get cleaned up for the orgy.
Cas smiled, and kissed Dean. Then changed position, and Cas (Dean was pretty sure it was still Cas, it was
"Oh, hey Cas." Dean stopped what he was doing, left one last kiss on Jimmy's skin before flopping on his back. "Jimmy still asleep? Or he awake in there and just shy?"
Jimmy was lying beneath him, breathing hard. Every mark that Dean had given him stood out against his soft unblemished skin, and his hair was wild. One hand was behind his head, grabbing onto pillows or headboard or something. The other was in a fist, holding the sheets. His cock was completely hard now, and starting to leak at the tip, as flushed and red as Jimmy's blushes. It was so close to Dean's face, and so were the thighs spread wide enough to lie between. One of Dean's hands was splayed across his abdomen, and he looked sexier than any one person had a right to. Which made sense, considering Cas and Jimmy were two people. Or maybe Dean just wasn't doing most of his thinking with his brain anymore.
"You said you got off thinking about me making love to you. Want to fill in the details?" Dean leaned Jimmy against the shower wall, and watched him blush. His ears blushed. His neck blushed.
Safe behind the blindfold, without the distraction of sight, it was easier to listen and believe. Cas wouldn't lie to him. Dean pressed a kiss to the palm of his hand, and Cas pressed Dean's face to his chest. "We will keep well this body we have made.”
Castiel touched the skin over his shoulder, and then very deliberately lined up his own fingers with the handprint.
The two men leaned backwards on the step in unison, turning towards each other to talk more easily. "The pie is a metaphor for domestic stability," said one. "It will never cool, because Dean believes he lives a life too intensely heated to give him this."
And he leaned over to pull Jimmy into a kiss. Dean had to admit. He was pretty damn lucky himself. Cas leaned back into the cushions of the couch to give them space, and Jimmy - who was blissed out and boneless - took about fifteen seconds to turn Dean's kiss into a full-on high school make-out session. Hands in his hair, thumb sneaking down below the waistband of his jeans, the works.
Cas put a hand under Dean's neck and arranged him, so his face rested in his body and Cas didn’t have to look at him.
"I'd rather he never wound up topside in the first place. Pretty sure I'd be dead if you hadn't shown up when you did."
Jimmy gently pulled out, and started shoving all the pillows to the middle of the bed in a mound. After a brief bit of eye contact, Cas helped too. When it seemed solid enough, he sat to one side, looking at Jimmy with glittering eyes.
"Look Cas… I get it if you don’t know what to say right now. But - I can’t do this unless I know you're okay."
hell. That guy who zapped me to the nightmare future? He had me work in sales once. That stuff is soul crushing.” Dean snuggled closer. "But you know the worst part of Hell? The alone part. It's not always the flashy stuff that gets you." He pressed a kiss to Jimmy's forehead. "Wish Cas hadn't shown you that stuff. Too late now, I guess."
“You can give him a little more,” Jimmy said softly. “Rules are different here. I saw how you were holding his head before, distracting him while I was working him open. Do that.”
Since there were no objections, Dean grabbed the duffel from the bathroom and handed it to Cas. Then got around to the important questions. "Alright, does anyone want to tell me why you put my boyfriends in angel timeout? Or are we all just going to stand here while I play twenty questions? Seriously, what'd I miss?"
Dean felt himself starting to panic and he didn't know why or about what. He'd be okay. He was just scared. He'd be okay. He just had to remember to breathe. He wasn't even sure what he was afraid of. Everything was okay.
"If I had clothes I think I'd be okay though? They don't even have to be right for the weather. I just need
Cas took his hand away from Dean. "We are discouraged from caring for vessels, or humans. Nephilim have been a problem. But I do care. It is selfish."
and if Dean could just get his mind to shut up and let him have this moment - he could probably retreat into his own head and manage - but Jimmy wouldn’t want that and he knew it.
Dean groaned and let his head fall back against the sheets. "I better not see a news story about 'unknown man in trench coat with massive boner steals lube and scandalizes many. Kansas City police looking for him, but so is the city’s gay scene because holy shit was that guy hot.'" He was too far gone to even try thinking through his words. "Whatever you guys want. Up to you. I want you any way you'll have me."
And some point, without realizing it, he got a few stray tears in his eyes. Not a lot. Cas silently kissed them off his cheeks and out of his tear ducts.
"If there were a way we could share Cas, I'd say yes to that in a second. Doesn't seem like there is. So we get to share you instead."
"Dean Winchester. You have given me a name. You have made me myself. I have remade you, and you have remade me. There is no vow I can give that I have not made before. There is nothing you would ask for I would not give you."
Jimmy leaned in to kiss him properly. And as he kissed, his body became still, and strong, warmer and heavier. Cas pulled away, to stare down at him. If this was what it was like when they kissed him, he could not
A moment later, Cas' touch got lighter, more irregular, wider circles, sneaking down to touch Dean's
Wait. There didn’t seem to be any covers, and the chest he was asleep on seemed to be attached to a person. Which, all things considered, was better than the alternative. He had been right, about that reason to wake up. Cas must’ve have done something, because this was the best sleep he’d ever had in his
As Cas inched backwards to recline against the giant mound of pillows, Jimmy flipped himself on top of Dean. His hands went to Dean's wrists, pinning them to the mattress. He smiled.
"My... vessel thinks that's funny. He says he is too much of a..." Cas paused. "Too much of a 'chicken' for drugs."
"I have done my vessel a disservice by seeing a fearful soul instead of a damaged one. After you fucked him, there were many old fears he lost. I suppose sodomy was one of them."
"No, it's. Walk me through it? Don't even know enough about this stuff to say, ‘this that and the other thing, not my thing.’"
I've seen other people do the same kind of thing, but they just end up like me, or Cas. And you're just kinda here."
Jimmy exhaled, and at the end of his breath unfurled against Dean's body, pressing too tight and pulling the cracks and kinks out of his back like a very mean masseuse.
Dean hid his face against Cas, but couldn't say anything. He wasn't sure how long he stayed there, still. And then Jimmy's fingers rubbed his shoulder. Dean's breath hitched, and he had to find his voice all over again.
This was real. It was a dream, but it was also real. Cas was here, and so was Jimmy. And Dean belonged to both of them.
Cas tilted his head to one side, trying to understand. "A corrupted connection is better than no connection at all," he said slowly. "And if that is your only connection for long enough, another connection - will make you think of it. Make you feel it again. Sex is that for you. Not only you. Humanity."
"His mom's great. She's got her act together in ways I never will. Single mom. Happy kid. Good house, safe neighborhood. Respectable. She was never gonna tell me and I don't blame her. I'm just some guy she spent a weekend with." Dean shrugged. "So when she tells me the father was just some guy in a leather jacket she picked up at a bar. Can’t argue."
That done, Dean turned his attention to nosing lightly against Castiel’s balls - before taking them into his mouth. He worked his way back up the shaft with soft, teasing kisses before finally taking the head into his mouth, hand stroking what his mouth couldn’t reach. He was mindful to keep his lips over his teeth, but he felt himself sinking deeper inside himself until nothing else mattered. Dean wanted to live there, in that moment, between those gorgeous thighs for the rest of eternity.
Dean very deliberately bit his lower lip before glancing up through his eyelashes and - in what he considered to be a
"Okay. Now I'm going to want you to keep your fingers still, and just sort of rest them outside my body like you're going to press in but don't yet. I can do this, but we have to go slow. And it's more fun this way."
"Good. I want to." Dean felt the entire surface of his skin tingle in strange pulsating waves. He wasn't sure if that was something Cas was doing, or if his body was just acting weird again. Either way. Felt nice. "Tell Jimmy I'm totally picturing sucking his cock right now. I really liked that dreaming idea. If I get so out of it I fall asleep, let’s do that."
Something about the way Cas said that suddenly made this all too much. Dean hid his face against his neck, held on way too tight. If this were anyone other than Cas - he'd leave bruises.
. And no one believes you, and it keeps telling you it's hungry because it's draining fluid from your spine with its creepy little mouth. Because
"Of course he did." He and Cas were going to want to talk about that, but it could wait. "Actually, maybe we are staying here? I think they might be asleep. Damn, I was really -"
"Loved. I feel loved." He thought. "Maybe scared too, but it's not a bad thing. I – trust you." That was it. That was the thing he'd been trying to find words for. Trust. Not something he was used to. Not like this.
But Jimmy blushed, and pushed up a little into Dean's hand "I think maybe I'm offended."  He stretched his fingers. "Maybe you need a little more of me."
Dean didn't need to take his pulse to know that. "Your pulse just told me you're alive and have a normal heart rate. It's okay if you don't want to do this."
And then - eventually - Jimmy wasn't holding himself like Jimmy anymore. And Cas wasn't holding himself at all, and collapsed back into Dean like he had forgotten how to control the body.
Dean couldn't help it, he started laughing. "Fucking Chri-" Dean snorted and crawled over to sit against the headboard with Cas, not even trying to look sexy anymore.
. I kinda want to take him apart piece by piece and see if he like… fills the room with static electricity. But no choking, painplay, watersp-“
"Shut up. You're gonna make me cry.” But Jimmy was starting to smile again, and there was no venom in his words.
"Sometimes he'd let me stay. He'd ignore me, but he'd let me stay. After enough time, it almost felt like... love. It wasn't, but… I could pretend." The rest was need-to-know basis.
Dean tried to smile but it was more of a grimace. "You're telling me? Maybe we can just..." No. That was stupid.
"I do not speak ill of your brother, but if Ruby is any indication... you are avoiding the question."
Cas shifted. Now Dean's hand was more on his thigh than his knee. Dean would have thought that was unintentional before, but now...
Dean pressed a smiling kiss to his husband's stomach before dipping his tongue into his navel. "If I had something like that I'd wear it under my clothes and we'd be the only ones who knew." It was a nice fantasy. Nothing like that was going to fit him. Not that they could get for cheap. Nothing good, anyway.
Cas rolled Dean on top of him like he weighed nothing, and the kiss broke as he landed with a bounce between Cas' bent knees. Dean had not been expecting that, but it was definitely a welcome surprise. Cas laid back to stretch luxuriously beneath him, paying attention to every link of Jimmy's back and neck. Then one of his ankles hooked around Dean's, locking him in place. Cas moved delicately into the friction he created for himself. His eyes were there again, huge, unblinking, blue and cosmos-deep, and he made a
“Now I want you," he said. "Actual you. The part I can't see or feel. Add that, and a second finger at the same time so I know. It's the same as the last one, but slower and without the teasing at the start.
There was a little moment that might have been Jimmy and Cas holding hands, or might have been Cas passing Jimmy something. It was only after Dean felt Jimmy's fingers, cool and slick between his legs, that he remembered
And then, quick as anything he pressed up, got his back against Dean’s chest and an arm around his shoulders. And
The high pitched sound Dean made would have been embarrassing if this had been anyone else, but right now he didn't care. An odd shudder ran through him, starting at the base of his spine and ending at his shoulders. Like that feeling of jolting awake right as you’re falling asleep.
"Cas? I trust you." It was a question, but Dean didn’t know what exactly he was trying to ask. It took a second to find the right words. "If that thing that happened earlier happens again? The fun one, where everything went fuzzy? If that happens and you feel like it - I want to keep going."
It was honestly really appealing. The idea of making out in the backseat, just that, with no pressure to go any further... but he'd already kind of made plans with Cas. So that would just have to wait. "Maybe we could find a drive-in movie somewhere, make an actual date of it?"
"Or you could fuck me,” said Dean, as he held Jimmy close. “I just... I didn't know if I could do this, that's all. And I can. Thank G- Sorry Cas. Thank
That's not what I want and you know it." Dean's voice cracked, but he didn’t care anymore. "I wanted to make this work, so I told you about how I was so desperate to be cuddled by my goddamn
"You working yourself open on those beautiful fingers of yours." Dean turned to kiss the hand in his hair. "You in general, really."
Castiel sat on the edge of the bed, with Dean in his arms as he unwound around him. Dean was sitting on Cas' bare thigh for a moment, before there was a hand at his shoulder, another on his ribcage, carefully lowering him down to a space between Castiel's spread legs. Castiel's hand was there too, leaning Dean's cheek against his inner thigh. And he was very, very hard. Dean licked his lips.
Dean was quiet for a minute. "I think Bobby’s going to like being sort of a grandparent. Dad would have."
You could hear the eye-roll in Sam's voice. "It's 2009, and Sarah Palin is not president. Nice to have you back."
"Dean." There was a strong hand on his elbow. Dean had been here before. He knew it. As much he knew anything right now.
Dean felt his breathing slow. He was less light headed. The faint screams that he hoped Cas and Jimmy couldn't hear began to fade.
"You should see yourself. Seriously, it's like you walked out of a wet dream. A really good one. I can't see you around me right now, but I know you are and I dig it. Hey," Dean's face lit up with a grin. "I know I can't feel you, but you said you could see my soul. Does that mean you can feel
"You told me to spread my legs and asked if you could kiss me and the whole time, I’m keeping this mantra going about how 'This is Cas. You can trust him. It's fine. There's nothing to worry about. He's just kissing you. He won't bite.' And like, yeah. It's great you kept your teeth to yourself and I'm not screaming in agony right now, but it still really fucking hurts, okay? I quit. I'm done. Find someone else to save the world. Let Sam do it. He was always the smarter one anyway. Tell Jimmy he doesn't totally suck, and I'm sorry. Just go. Or stay. I don't care." That was a lie. He cared a lot.
Dean got down on the floor with him, and pulled Cas into a hug. "Let’s get back under the blanket, and then we can talk, okay? It's cold out here."
That brought Dean back to himself real quick. "Yeah. Of course. We don't even have to actually get married if you don't want. If she wanted to stay married to you on paper because taxes."
“That makes two of us." Dean snuggled back, close enough to feel Jimmy breathe. "I wasn’t getting how new he was to this whole... wanting-things thing. He really does wants to fuck me, right? That’s not just something he thinks
"Cas? You're amazing. I don't know what I could do to deserve you." Dean's hands started at Castiel's hips and made their way upwards until they could coax the coat off those beautiful shoulders. "I'm sorry I laughed. You did exactly what I asked." Dean decided not to explain that there was just something about the serious look on Castiel's face that made the whole situation so much funnier.
"Don't think I've ever heard anyone say, ‘Mr. Winchester’ in my life? It's always just 'Winchester.' Usually shouted across a room."
"I told you, I locked myself in the bathroom. I know, enclosed space with no way out. Bad plan. Didn't know what else to do." Honestly, it hadn't been a plan at all. He just didn't want to have to see all that crap Cas brought him. It had been almost thoughtful. In a different context, it might even have been nice. That's probably why it hurt so much.
He felt a kiss on his collarbone, long and lingering. And he knew he was supposed to relax but he couldn't help rolling his neck to the side. Hopefully Cas would take the hint.
He wiped his face on a nearby thigh before taking Jimmy's cock in his mouth. He thought this was an extremely clever bit of problem solving.
“He feels guilty and disrespectful for thinking that his advertising job was torture. This job being the primary reason he said yes to me, and left his family. "
Jimmy slumped against him, around him, shaking. Dean could feel it as new pieces of orgasm aftershock vibrated through him. A new one every few seconds. You did it right, you could get an orgasm like this going for
Very carefully, and very slowly, the fingers lifted and Cas' eyes were there again. He looked concerned. The patterns behind him were no longer lightning and plasma, but softer, lightning bugs again. Jimmy was sort of half-draped over the back of the couch. If he didn't have his eyes open in a kind of fuzzy happiness, he would have looked passed out.
Jimmy paused, clearly processing on a lag. He pushed himself out of bed, leaned his forehead against the glass of the tiny ugly window. Blue moonlight from outside cut around his profile.
"Can I hold onto your hair? I promise not to be rude about it or anything? You'd still be in control."
. He tried to remind himself that this was Cas. The hands on his body belonged to someone who would sooner die than hurt him. Everything was okay. He'd been enjoying this. There was nothing to worry about.
Dean fake-struggled where Jimmy had his wrists pinned. He actually giggled. It wasn't even a proper snort laugh. Not very manly, but he couldn't help it. He was just so damn giddy.
Cas took a moment to push Dean's sweaty hair back from his forehead. "Tell me what you want, at this moment. Be small for me, Dean. The pain of the world is not yours."
Sam unfolded himself up out of the couch, and stood. He easily had about five or six inches on Jimmy.
Jimmy turned his head into Dean’s neck, either shy or embarrassed. “I'd like to do this for him. Make him feel good, I mean. Being inside him when he's all safe and powerful and.. it’s just, it’s good. And he feels that way around you a bunch, so. Thanks.”
"You want to touch my ass? That's fine. Hell, a friendly slap on the butt isn't even going to seem like a sex thing. But my upper thigh? Don’t get me wrong, I
"Sammy." He thought he did an okay job keeping emotion out of his voice. Sam could probably tell, but Jimmy might not. "A little help here?"
Dean wished he'd known that when Cas gave him a glimpse of his true form. "Happy to help." A bit smug.
To illustrate his point, he covered Cas’ hand - the one resting on the back of Dean’s head - with his own. And
He laid a few kisses along the small of Dean's back. "You're doing great so far. Anything I've explained bad?"
Cas fumbled behind him until he found Dean's wrist, and then Dean's hand. He pulled it forward to hold in both of his. Then he bent his head down, uncurling Dean's fingers, admiring them in the greyish-purple light, memorizing.
"Yeah..." Jimmy was talking on his exhales. "You could hurt me, if you went too fast, or deep, or wrong. But you won't. I know you won’t. Every time you move your fingers even a little. Totally new feeling. Intimate. That's the word I was thinking of."
Okay. That was something. Dean tried again. "Imagine if someone horrible were able to force you into the same connection that you have with Jimmy. And it's just as personal, and just as strong but it's
The air around them got noticeably warmer, like Castiel had turned himself into a space heater. Dean chuckled. It was okay. Thoughtful, even. "He was the only heat in the damned place. Think he did it on purpose. The torture chambers weren't like that. Some of those were like weird blood coated saunas. But his room was always cold. He made me beg." Dean curled further in. "No, he didn't make me. I did that."
Cas had crossed his arms, and folded the coat around himself in a way that sort of looked like a bird ruffling its feathers.
Jimmy shivered, and moved closer into his space. "I ah, seem to remember having you flat on your back. And being about to tease you open with my fingers. And large amounts of lube."
But then Dean felt a warm, intimate pressure between his legs, and when Cas rolled to the side he saw Jimmy, hair a mess, leaning on an elbow, sucking on his dick. It wasn't hard yet, so it all fit in his mouth easily, and he seemed to enjoy tasting it. His mouth was warm and his touch soft and careful. He made eye contact with Dean, pulled his lips off and smiled.
"There is no right word for what was done to me.” Castiel looked at the dark room, and for a moment looked lost. “I am returned to you. This could be a punishment. A reward. I might be here by the will of God, the will of Michael, even the will of Lucifer. I have heard that my older brothers were given the ability to create angels. I do not know."
. But could you - it feels like I've got stage fright or something - could you, keep a hand on my belly? Something like that?"
Now Dean was the one blushing. He tried to use Jimmy's body to hide his red flush. Made a noncommittal noise, sort of acknowledging that Jimmy had said something.
"I feel..." Cas held Dean tighter in his arms. "My vessel enters places that have been ignored, and lets light in. Or rips them away as unneeded scabs. This hurts, but in all best and most delicious ways. The way it hurts when you fight us, or pull our hair. I expand for him, but the deeper he goes, the more I feel. He could hurt me but does not. That intimacy is ... much. The effects build until I cannot handle more stimulus. And then he lets me settle back into place."
Cas leaned back into the mattress, as Jimmy shifted position and dog-piled on top. Now Dean was cuddled face-first into the lapels of Cas’ trench coat, Jimmy’s arm was thrown over his back, and his face was tucked between the two of them. Dean was pretty sure he heard words, but they were muffled. So he took his time kissing Castiel, and put on a show for Jimmy without being too obvious about it. Once he felt confident Cas wouldn't feel left out, he refocused his attention.
"I'm also wanted for multiple homicides. That's harder to fix. I've been hunted by the FBI. Haunted by the FBI, even. I think that's the last time I died on paper? But I’ll figure something out." Thank god Sam studied law. "What music do you like? Name a musician."
Forget this happened. I have nightmares and this one hacker guy told me it helps if you list what you see, touch, and hear, and it's mostly bullshit because you have to say it out loud and it doesn't even work every time. Usually I list the five things I can see and then switch to like, Zeppelin's discography or steps to stabilize a spinal cord injury, but you're a civilian and I didn't want to scare you with the spine stuff and um..." Dean was sure his ears were red.
- the fact he was so pissed off was the main reason he wasn't having a complete breakdown. And maybe going silent and holding a coat like a security blanket wasn't the picture of mental health either. But whatever, it was working. As soon as he got himself back together, he wanted an explanation.
"I love knowing you’ve got fantasies about me. It's okay if they stay that way. But I'd love to love you, baby."
Cas pulled back from Dean's mouth, still holding his head, a hand against his neck. "Does my vessel succeed?"
He slumped down into the mattress. And Cas picked himself up. It was amazing, how differently they moved.
"Your own fault for being so kissable." And Dean decided to push his luck one more time, punctuating that statement with another kiss. "Okay. I'll be good. No more kisses unless you tell me."
Dean's hands were straying down Jimmy’s hips. His touch was light and teasing, not lingering long in any one place. Unhurried.
"I thought you'd be bigger than me,” whispered Jimmy. “Turns out I was right - but I liked that idea. You know.
“Huh. I thought that was just going to be a Cas thing.” Dean figured it was still mostly a Cas thing. "It's his wings, right? Am I touching them or what?"
Dean was starting to feel enough like himself again to not bother with the rest. "And then three things I hear, but I'll skip that one in case there's dogs." He buried his nose in Jimmy's neck and breathed in. "Jimmy, and Cas which counts as two."
"I know he heals you, but can he maybe hold off right now?" Dean ran his stubble across the skin of Jimmy's neck. "I want to see what you look like thoroughly debauched."
It was – it was like Cas was attracting them. They were hovering around him, settling into his hair, and into his clothes. But Cas would have told him, if this was something bad.
"She'll see how happy you make her dad. It might take a while, but maybe when she does, she'll forgive you." Maybe he wasn’t just talking about Cas anymore. "I don't expect her to call me ‘dad.’ I just want her to, not hate me forever. But if she does, that won't change anything."
"It's crazy," he said, rocking against Dean, and his dick. "I've been trying to think, what's your sexiest look? I mean. Seeing those lips wrapped around Cas' cock was pretty good. But you in that
Dean let go and stood back up, to hold Jimmy. "Good. I want to do this right. Anything you definitely don't want me to do? Other than anything painful, obviously. Because I was talking to Cas and well... you're right. He
Cas' face was still buried in Dean's neck, but he began to move against his body, rhythmically, like waves. His hands clawed up, landing in Dean's hair and holding on to both sides of his face. Castiel kissed him, as he began to learn what it was to fuck himself on Dean's cock. And Dean rocked upwards, in time with his angel’s hips.
Dean was quiet, one hand on the wall of the shower, the other covering his mouth. It was Jimmy. Not Cas. The water and darkness did nothing to disguise the tremor in his voice. "What?"
Then he looked up, and found Cas' lips. Careful, light kissing. But Dean noticed Jimmy's hand pass over their angel’s shoulder blades, and his smile got too big for his face. He was the chick who got too emotional at weddings and the groom head over heels in love, both at once.
"Yeah, fine. You caught me. Call the fashion police. I'm a grown-ass man who still can’t tie his own tie." Dean used the end of Jimmy’s tie to pull him into a kiss.
"Of course I did. You think I'm going to miss this? Not a chance. Cas, I want to feel you around me as you come. I want to watch you fuck yourself on my cock."
Jimmy was tearing into ribs, and smiling with his eyes as he watched the brothers go back and forth.
He considered going to look for salt before deciding it wasn't worth it. Cas was right. Alastair was dead. And even if he wasn't, Cas could just smite him again. They were going to be fine. Dean took his cell phone and put it on the nightstand, gathered their clothes into slightly more orderly piles to buy himself enough time to figure out how he wanted to handle this.
Cas traveled kisses along Dean's eyebrow. "You would like to reward us?" His lips took Dean's, long and deep, before letting him have enough breath to form an answer.
Jimmy looked up into his eyes. And as if in answer, Cas draped Dean's other leg over Jimmy's shoulder, and slid forward, changing the angle until he was almost lying down. Dean could practically feel those eyes behind him.
Castiel nodded. He held out an arm. Dean needed no further prompting, and made himself comfortable against Cas, head resting on the angel's bicep. Cas was stroking Dean's hair, and adjusting his seat so Dean was almost but not quite sitting in his lap.
"But—” Jimmy continued. “It knows you. It knows every stupid and mean and lazy thing about you. Every dumb or wrong thing you think. You can't hide, and that's scary. But then it... loves you."
Dean put his hands on Jimmy's shoulders. "Cas. I don't know how to help you understand that every single thing on that list is true for you just the same as it’s true for me. Should have just called Sam to debate philosophy with you first thing, but I thought I could handle it. I screwed up, okay? We’ll make this work as long as we talk about stuff. Right, sweetheart?"
"I'm going to check on Cas." Sam stood and left the bathroom, but kept the door open. He tossed in a duffle bag. "Find something that you can wear."
Dean just raised his eyebrows and mimed jerking off. "You and Cas were going to get to know each other? You asked me to watch? He's never even touched himself. I don't know what he looks like to you, but from what you've said, he's gonna light up like a Christmas tree."
"Because you're beautiful? And you're brave. You make me brave. I'm not actually, I'm actually kind of a coward. You're the only guy I might actually see myself trusting enough... to let him make love to me."
Dean sighed. "I know." He didn't know where to start. "I'm kinda glad he didn't know? I was worried maybe he could see it on me or something."
He rested his head against Cas and smiled. Took a deep breath. "Smell so good, Cas." Cas was stroking Dean’s hair, with strong fingers. Warm, comforted. No awful twisting hunger eating away inside of him.
He closed his eyes. Just focused on this feeling. Cas was equally blissed out, teasing himself.  Dean felt the beginnings of Ketch's sympathy boner pressing against his back. But when he turned his head and caught Ketch's mouth in a sloppy kiss, Ketch made a small noise of surprise. Tried, as best as he could, to push him back.
"I wish I could've given you an orgasm. That's not a big thing. That doesn't seem like a crazy goal."
Out of the flames, Dean looked for someplace to sit. If he pulled out the chair from the desk, he could put distance between Sam and Cas while he sorted out whatever misunderstanding had them sending death glares at each other. Maybe not death glares. Yet.
Dean was still held in balance between them, and couldn't see what was going on exactly, but he could
Dean parted his legs. Cas was using a lot of lube, and rubbing it into the skin just – everywhere. So much lube that Dean had a stray thought about wasting it, but then, it
"Two is good for now. Remember that spot I found earlier?" Dean crooked his fingers. "I'm going to try and find that again."
"Okay, first? You might not stay hard while I fuck you. Some guys don't. And yeah, they feel different. I mostly meant that this might be over before that. It's okay if it is. Like I said. We have plenty of time. I'm not going to rush this."
"Feels so good. I forgot." Dean was shaking, "I forgot it could feel like this." He couldn't hold them back anymore. "I'm sorry, Jimmy." He wiped his eyes on his arm, "I know it’s not sexy.”
Jimmy pulled himself up to make eye contact with Cas. "All that work, and didn't think about him physically manifesting?"
Jimmy thought about it. "It's like looking at the night sky. Actually. No. It's like walking in a really old building. And it's there, and beautiful, and it’s going to keep on being there. You feel small, like you don't matter that much. But that feels good. Like you don't have to worry. Like it'll just soak up whatever you’ve got. It's seen so much worse."
"I've known you're bi for years, you should hear yourself talk about Dr. Sexy. Don't change the subject."
Not the normal guy who let an angel wear his body. Who was important too. Dean sure couldn’t ignore the broken bits of Jimmy Novak floating around Cas’ head in that awful future. He was still replaying that heart-stopping moment when one of those pieces seemed to surface, and all Jimmy could do was scream.
Dean's hands came to rest on Jimmy's back. Out of curiosity, he sought out the spot that had such an effect on Cas earlier. Jimmy hissed in a breath, arched into Dean's body, tightening fingers into his hair. Every one of his muscles felt hard, and then soft. Well. Except the one. That one was still pretty hard.
Jimmy and Cas made eye contact. Then one of Cas' arms hugged Dean close, while the other began to rub slow circles over his abdomen. "Breathe." He felt the vibrations of that low voice against his back. Jimmy did another one of the crotch snaps. And another. This wasn’t just getting undressed and leaving clothing scattered around the room. This was important. It meant something, even if Dean couldn’t explain what, or why.
a body in Hell. He didn't want to think too hard about the implications about the state of his soul.
Dean shook his head, reached back and got his hand in there too. Any leftover weirdness from the spell was totally gone now. Ketch's cock was back to normal, and it wouldn’t have been anywhere near enough to give him what he needed from Cas - but it was still a nice size, and very interested in things. Dean was still kind of drunk on the energy in the room. More than a little giddy about the fact Cas was still hard inside him.
It took Dean a moment to understand what was happening. Dream or not, the unexpected vulnerability of this all was very real. It wasn't that he didn't want Jimmy to see him like this. But in that moment - he was even more delicate than the lace he was wearing.
"If you never touched me again, I'd be sad but I would still love you. If you never had sex with me, I would love you. If you
Cas, who was now inexplicably wearing absolutely nothing except the trenchcoat, placed a bottle of lube into Dean's hand.
Cas tensed. Suddenly there was a hand clasped over Dean's eyes. Dean didn't know blackness like this. Blind-blackness.
Jimmy curled in closer and pulled the blanket around them, over their heads, blocking out the small bits of light that made it into the room. His face rested on Dean's collarbone, and his hand on Dean's ribcage. His breathing became slow, and even.
Winchesters woke up fast when they realized there was a problem. Sam stepped to the side, scanning over Dean's shoulder into the dark night, looking for the threat. "Get in.”
"I would have my vessel kneeling before you while I held you in my lap. You would lean forward and take him into your mouth, giving him the pleasure you deliver so well, while I hold your cock in my hands. Perhaps I would be inside you, as I did this."
Cas bent, and opened Dean's lips with his mouth, hungry and insistent, going deep with his tongue, using his hand to bring Dean even closer, and go even deeper. He tilted Dean down slightly, like a dip someone might do while dancing.
"If you're doing a good job playing with Cas' cock and getting fucked by me, I'm going to blindfold you, okay? But I don't want to start there, in case you don't like it."
"Just remember the no choking thing. I can't deep throat and trying is just going to end up with a lot of vomit and me crying in a corner not knowing how I got there."
He slipped out from between Cas and the car, ducked in the driver’s side before anyone could ask him anything else.
He was probably pulling Cas' hair enough to hurt, and was getting way too close. He didn’t want it to be over this soon.
Dean said something entirely unintelligible. He made himself wake up a bit more. "Don't gotta impress me, Cas. I'm good." A pause. "Not squishing you?"
off Dean. He didn't actually drop him, but it was a close thing. Dean's feet were mostly under him when Jimmy detached.
He could do this. Okay. "Five things I can see. Sammy. My feet. Ducks. Tile. A blanket. Four things I can feel. The water in the tub. The tub itself. The air in the room." Dean's hand shot out and grabbed Sam's, "Sammy again."
"I mean, I'm also fine with hunting. Whatever you want. I just think maybe Jimmy had the right idea. Maybe we should just go back home. Let someone else worry about it." He didn't know if he could do that, but he was seriously thinking about trying. "I know that didn't exactly work out for Jimmy, but Bobby already knows demons exist. I think it could – "
"I just want you to hold me." It was too much to ask, Dean knew. "Please. That's all. Just... don't leave me. I don't want to wake up alone." His chest was tight with fear, and he looked at Jimmy. Trying to say with eyes what he couldn’t say with his words.
still cry. It was a bit of an out-of-body experience. Not like, an astral projection out-of-body experience. More of the kind where you feel like you're sitting a few rows further back in your head than usual while your life plays out around you.
"Dean..." said Cas. There were huge blue eyes fixed on him. "How... do you know to... warp the rules of your dreams... for my pleasure?
Dean held tight, and tried to keep remembering where he was. "Sometimes,” he said, “Sammy talks about stuff that happened a few years ago for him, and I don't even remember it. I'm so tired, Jimmy. I just want to sleep forever." He was shivering. But at least he wasn't crying.
“Not an angel either," he added, before he gave him the wrong idea. “But... you know what it felt like to see your kid possessed by an angel? Think that, but
inside him, that he was touching him more intimately than any other living being ever had - it was a mental thing, but it made everything ten thousand percent hotter.
"Yeah, and if she weren’t in some kind of angelic impound lot with Zachariah, that's where we’d be now."
" Dean spat the word like a slur. "Three months, thirty years, who cares. I broke. And then I just. Kept. Breaking."
That horrible, broken-mirror version of Cas had said Jimmy was afraid at the end, afraid until he couldn't be anymore. If drugs were too scary but Jimmy and Cas took refuge in them anyway? Tagging along in the brain of a slowly falling angel must have been a worse trip than the most over-the-top
But that did give him an idea. “Hey, do you think it'd make the kid feel better if she keyed my car? It'd have to seem like your idea though.
"We will never leave you," said Jimmy. "You are stuck with us. We will stay for as long as you'll have us, in whatever way you'll have us. And who are we kidding. Even if you told us to leave, we'd probably hang around."
"My vessel is close. It will not take long." Cas was already pouring more lube into his hand. "You have waited."
"It's not that," Dean's voice was shaking again. Actually, all of him was shaking. "Only I've already talked about this twice today, and that’s two more times than I’ve ever talked about it before." He picked himself off the floor and wrapped himself in the blanket. "I'm okay. I just want to be done with this." He turned on the faucet to get a drink of water. He was dehydrated from crying. He wiped his eyes, and tried to pretend he wasn't procrastinating. "Sorry. My face could probably repel ghosts, all this saltwater. Gross.”
"I know that this connection can hurt.” And he definitely wasn't talking to Dean. But Dean still heard him say, in a voice that was terribly soft,“You know that it
"Cas?" Careful to remain as still as possible, he started to run his hand in a slow soothing motion from the middle of his shoulders up, then back down again. He was more than a little concerned. "Still with me?"
He got up off the floor and climbed back onto the bed, dragging Castiel down to the mattress with a kiss. Dean was flat on his back, naked and vulnerable in front of a being so much more powerful than him. Because he wanted to be. He spread his legs, and brought Cas to rest on top of him. One hand on that gorgeous ass, the other digging into the muscles of the angel's upper back. Dean bucked his hips up as he drew Castiel even deeper into the kiss. Cas pulled back, not much, but enough so that his lips weren’t touching anymore.
"Wait. I don't want to punch you in the face? That’s not sexy. Also, who is doing what in this picture? Because I love your fingers and I bet they feel even better in real life. But I already know your ass feels amazing."
Then Dean felt Cas' hand drop lower. Ketch sputtered, pulled away. "No. No, there's - no need for that."
There was something about hearing Cas use language like that, in that matter-of-fact way, that was way sexier than it had any right to be.
"That's not the only part of me that's hard, thank - " Dean remembered their earlier conversation about taking the lord's name in vain in the bedroom, "Thank
Cas carded fingers through his hair, rhythmically. “Maybe you would like to coax yourself open, show us how you like to be touched?”
Cas held him like that, water hiding any tears that may have happened. Dean wasn't sure how long. He wanted to tell Cas that he loved him. But he couldn't talk, not past the tangled up knot of emotions in his chest.
Dean's touch was feather-light, barely there and teasing. Never more than a fingertip or two made contact at a time, and he didn't linger too long in one place. Jimmy squirmed.
Engulfed by them, Dean melted. Ketch kissed like a drowning man gasping for air, clutching at him. Until Cas laid a hand heavy against the back of his head, to calm him down.
“You did what you’re supposed to do,” said Sam. “Kept him warm. Told him you loved him. Held him, once you figured he was okay with that.” He smiled sadly. “And you’re about the only person here who asks for help. Keep doing that.”
"That sounds beautiful. Glad he’s taking such good care of you." Dean kissed Cas’ cheek. Everything was quieter somehow. Cas was going to be inside him. And it was
"I was thinking if I grew mine out a little, I could get some friction against your thighs while I took your cock in my mouth."
Sitting up, he situated things so that Jimmy was mostly in his lap, in a sort of bridal carry. Good thing he had pants on now.
"Take it from me. No one looks sexy while impaled on spikes." It took Dean a second to realize his joke had fallen flat.
Cas eased into him, one long smooth slide, exactly as easy as Jimmy had said it would be. A warm, confident hand curled around his cock. Jimmy's. Cas' hands were on the backs of his thighs, holding him like he weighed nothing.
The noise Dean made would have seemed like pain, but his face was one of pleasure. He could feel himself getting untangled from the horrible mess of his own thoughts. "Please, Daddy. Can I? I want both of you."
Cas' hand - probably guided by Jimmy's instinct - wrapped around his half-there erection, but didn't move. His eyes were completely focused on Dean.
"Oh thank fuck.” That wasn't directed at Cas."My dick has decided to get with the program." Not strictly necessary for what they had planned - but still really damn nice.
"I love you," said Jimmy. "Sorry if this isn't the best time to say it, but I do. Sorry. I can't think of anything else."
"She's going to see you as the guy with answers who could have explained, but didn't. Actually, I think that idea you had about teaching her to use a shotgun is great. That'll let her know you respect her. Then she can trust you. She's a really great kid. And I mean, sure she gets angry, but then she cools down. Sam reminds me of her. Which is weird maybe. But there you go."
"Yeah," said Sam, warily. He was trying to use his no-nonsense FBI voice but it wasn't working. “What’s this about, Dean?”
"Sweetheart… that’s not it this time. I think we're better, but..." Dean took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "I still hurt you. It was an accident, but - "
