Sherlock nodded his head and let it fall against John's shoulder. "I'm so sorry for what I said, John. I didn't mean it."
When John had Sherlock fed and medicated, he helped him lie back down. John got dressed in his jogging clothes.
Sherlock held John close as he slept. He watched John's chest rise and fall with his breathing. He put his ear to John's chest and listened to his heartbeat. He studied John's face. He was memorizing every minute detail of the miracle that was John Watson. Because Sherlock knew it couldn't last.
Sherlock's chest heaved as he tried to catch his breath. His eyes remained closed. John took each of Sherlock's arms and moved them down, one at Sherlock's side and the other draped over John.
"I came down here to tell you that Widow Hudson wants us to come to the main house for dinner tonight. And she wants you to play your vielle for her."
. Sherlock adjusted the volume and then sat down next to John. He took a drink and set his glass down. John set his glass next to Sherlock's. He leaned back and closed his eyes, listening to Ma Rainey sing about jail and misery and alcoholism. He felt Sherlock lean back next to him.
"Not usually." John took a drink of his tea. He was silent for a moment. "What brought you to Kansas City, Sherlock?"
Sarah laughed again. "Okay, John. Whatever you say. If you're done with Mrs. Sheffield, Mr. Cooper is asking for you."
. He smiled wolfishly at the defiant spark in Sherlock's eyes and lowered his head. Sherlock gasped as John swirled his tongue.
Sherlock shook his head, casting his eyes upward. “Such an ungrateful lot, you humans,” he muttered. “You’ll be wanking over what I said for months, maybe even ye-“
Sherlock took the disc from John and looked at it. He flipped it over to look at the back. "This one really isn't his best work. Do you have 'Killer
As the waiter walked away, Sherlock said, "Sorry for the interruption. I've cancelled this afternoon's meeting. I'm all yours now."
“But it matters very little, John. Because either way,” he continued, his voice growing rough with lust. “
Sherlock giggled and slumped back down, leaning against the doorjamb. "I was hoping you'd attack me. And you did not disappoint."
John closed his eyes for a few minutes as he recovered. Sherlock dropped off to sleep, but John forced himself up to get a washcloth.
John took the horse in and rubbed it down. He milked the cow. As he approached the house, he could hear Sherlock laughing.
A smug smile crossed Sherlock’s face. “I thought a bit of prevention would do you good when I predicted I’d have you literally throwing yourself at me, bindings notwithstanding.”
“Greg, listen,” John said. “I’m going to lay it all out and you can take our offer or walk away. Your choice. We chose you a week and a half ago, and we’ve been watching you since to ensure we both find you suitable. Sherlock has a fondness for crime scenes and detective work. I frequently accompany him on his excursions because he finds my medical knowledge helpful. You caught our attention on one of those excursions.”
Sherlock slid backward off the side of the bed. He took his trousers off, revealing his graceful legs and leaving himself fully nude. Confusion clouded his sharp features. “Why is it so difficult to refuse your requests?” he muttered.
“How do I know?” John shot back testily, “You’re not human. Now, if you’ve got a cock, show it to me!”
“One more thing first.” The feel of those strong shoulders under his hands was nearly too much. The pale skin was so warm.
As Sherlock approached the center of the stage, his eyes were searching the audience. When he found John, he smiled a little before bowing. He turned his back. John realized he'd been holding his breath. He let it out slowly.
John pulled back and looked into Sherlock's eyes again. "Sherlock? Is this okay?" His hands were still in Sherlock's hair.
." Sherlock's left arm tightened on John's chest. He rolled his hips again. John whimpered and pushed his hips forward, instinctively trying to get some friction from Sherlock's hand.
John realized he'd been standing there eavesdropping for several minutes. He shook his head and waited for Sherlock to stop again. He knocked.
The old woman had continued screaming at Sherlock. He turned and shouted something else at her. She stopped cold. Then she screamed something that sounded an awful lot like "demon" and began throwing things at Sherlock.
John laid in bed quietly, absently stroking his fingers over Sherlock's watch. Flashes of lightning filled the room intermittently with harsh light. The answering thunder sounded closer each time it occurred. Large raindrops began to fall against the window. John listened as the rain grew steadier. He shook his head and sighed.
In an astonishingly quick move, Sherlock grabbed John by the shoulders and spun them both around, reversing their positions. John groaned against Sherlock's mouth as his back hit the wall. Sherlock hadn't even broken their kiss.
John's cheeks flushed again. They had reached the door. John let Sherlock in and barred the door behind them. He dropped his flour sacks next to his chair and helped Sherlock take off his cloak and sit on the bed.
John hung up his cloak before refilling Sherlock's mug. As he handed the mug to Sherlock, Sherlock could smell John's fresh sweat. Sherlock's eyes fell closed for a moment.
The sun was glowing brightly through the floor-to-ceiling windows when Dr. John Watson welcomed me into the apartment he shares with his husband, Sherlock Holmes. Watson and I sat down for this interview as Holmes roamed restlessly through the apartment, collecting documents and scribbling notes.
John watched Sherlock again. He began to notice the other violin players - in fact, all of the string players at times - looking to him as well as to the conductor. Then he began to notice the signals Sherlock was giving the others as he was playing. He was communicating with them by gesturing with his head, his violin, his bow, his shoulders, and even his facial expressions. John was struck again by just how remarkable Sherlock was.
Sherlock cried out, shuddering under the sudden onslaught of sensation. John growled in response, shoving his body against Sherlock's even more firmly. Sherlock's hands clutched the shelves tightly as he fought the urge to grab at John. John was hard against Sherlock's leg, his arousal driving Sherlock's even higher.
John took Sherlock's plate and washed up. He went to the pile of flour sacks he'd brought from the cellar and arranged them on the floor so that he could sleep on them. He sat down in his chair and tugged his boots off.
"I'm no one. I'll be gone soon enough." He held the coins out. "Just take the gold and tell no one you saw anything."
The bartender was back. He held out a bar towel. His hands were shaking. John took the towel and pressed it against the young woman's head to slow her bleeding. "What's her name?" John asked.
John deliberately slowed Sherlock down. He stroked Sherlock's back and kept his hips still. Sherlock followed John's lead, relaxing his body. He was warm and heavy on top of John.
The combination of the change in sensation and Sherlock's words in his ear threw John over the edge. He thrashed in Sherlock's arms, keening against his own hand as he spilled over Sherlock's hand.
Sherlock was watching him, confusion and curiosity in those remarkable green eyes as John weighed out what could be their last conversation.
John watched Sherlock. He hadn't put his violin down, even though all the other violinists had. John was wondering why when the conductor turned to Sherlock and gestured right at him.
Sherlock slowly moved his hands away from his face, terrified that it wasn't really John. He looked up.
Sherlock didn't want to admit it, but John was right. He had no choice but to trust him. Sherlock glared at John for a moment. John just looked back at him, waiting. His hand was still out.
Despair flooded through him as he realized his chance at making it it aboard the ship to Athens had just evaporated. He buried his face in the crook of his arm. He needed to
Sherlock smiled at him ruefully. "Thank you." He got up on his crutches and put his cloak and pack on. John put his cloak on and shouldered his quiver, pack, and bow. He blew out the candle.  They walked out of the house and up the hill. Sherlock stopped at the crest of the hill. He turned back to look at the house in the moonlight, John at his side. "I'm sorry you have to leave your home behind, John."
Sherlock took John's hand. He shook it as John had intended, but he didn't let go. John's heart started beating too fast.
," he added disdainfully. "You won't be here to assist me. I've become quite... accustomed to your presence. I simply can't allow anything to interfere."
." He smoothed Sherlock's hair back from his forehead. "I'm yours for as long as you'll have me, my love." He leaned down and kissed Sherlock's forehead.
John's mother gave him a quick one-armed hug as he stepped through the door. "It's good to see you, John. Here, put these on the table for me. I've got to check the roast." She gave him a handful of silverware and disappeared into the kitchen.
John let his head fall back as his anxiety faded. He let his body respond to Sherlock's touch, arching his back gently toward him. Sherlock hummed in pleasure and redoubled his efforts to kiss every inch of John's skin.
John groaned again. He wiped ineffectually at his sweaty brow. "Ugh. I'm too disgusting to sit with you."
When they'd finished, the conductor flipped through the pages of his music and instructed various members of the orchestra. He had them play a few sections of the music again, telling them what he wanted. He looked at his watch, then said, "That's it for today. I'll see you all tomorrow."
John was lost. He struggled to stay quiet as he came over Sherlock's hand. He gasped for breath and collapsed on the ground next to Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded. He grabbed John's arm and looked at his watch. "Not enough time to go to dinner, now, though." He grinned back at John.
At first, John didn’t know he was awake. He’d opened his eyes to find the green-eyed man crouched atop the footboard of his bed. He studied John intently as John gazed back silently for a long moment.
Sherlock finally bent his knees, dragging his cock down John's belly until it met John's. John shuddered and let out a sob of relief. Sherlock reclaimed John's mouth with his own as he began to roll his hips purposefully. John was gasping for breath. He clutched at Sherlock's shoulders, trying to keep him down where John wanted him. He was almost there, almost there.
Sherlock moved forward to reclaim him. John spoke quickly. “Take them off.” Sherlock froze, millimetres away from contact. John’s cock objected strongly to the interruption.
The phone startled John awake. He scrambled clumsily off the couch and rushed to the kitchen. He snatched the phone off the hook. "Sherlock?"
"That's it, my love. That's gorgeous," John murmured breathlessly. He began to thrust his hips lightly.
Sherlock had one hand on the back of John's head and was stroking his uninjured shoulder with the other. He began to tremble as he listened to John's litany of praise against his neck. "
At some level, John knew it was dangerously foolish to let a demon into his bed, no matter how beautiful that demon may be. But when Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, lifting him effortlessly out from under the sheet and pulling him close, John simply couldn’t bring himself to care. When he felt the blunted claws on his back, clutching him possessively to Sherlock’s chest, he was utterly lost in sensation.
"You'll have to walk to my friend Mike's farm with me. It won't be easy for you. It's ten miles. But Mike can help us. He raises horses. We can buy two of them and get to the port. We'll get you different clothes, disguise you. It's the only plan I've been able to come up with." He stroked his hand over Sherlock's chest. "What do you think we should do?"
John sagged forward, releasing Sherlock's hair. He let go of the shelf and slid down the pillar, dropping onto his knees on the cellar floor with Sherlock. He was still visibly quivering. He took Sherlock's face in both of his hands. He kissed Sherlock tenderly, then rested his forehead against Sherlock's as they both tried to catch their breath. "My God, Sherlock," he whispered. "You're a wonder."
John kissed Sherlock gently before getting down from the wagon. "Let's get some more miles behind us before nightfall."
John groaned deeply in relief. He'd been aching and desperate since the moment he'd seen Sherlock. He arched his back and clapped a hand over his mouth. He put his other hand on Sherlock's head, threading his fingers into his hair.
Sherlock kept his eyes squeezed shut. "I hate that you're in danger because of me. You deserve so much better, John."
John shuddered. His hands flew up to cover his face. "Oh my God. Are you sure you're ready? It's okay if you're not. We can... do something else if you're not ready."
. Hang on a moment." John was reaching out to the bedside table. He opened the drawer and pulled out a condom.
John grabbed his car keys and followed him. "You need to get home to get ready for work, don't you? I'll drive you."
John let go of his shoulder and shook Sherlock's hand. "John Watson." He stepped forward as he resumed massaging his shoulder. "Come on."
John held him steady until his body went limp. He released him and took care of discarding the condom. Then he crawled up to Sherlock's side and wrapped himself around him, burying his face in Sherlock's neck.
"I need you to be sure before this goes any further. You've said yourself that you haven't dated a man before, that you wanted a wife and family."
John leaned onto his right arm. With his left hand, he took Sherlock's right hand, raised it above Sherlock's head and wrapped Sherlock's fingers around one of the headboard's balusters. Sherlock's eyes widened.
John turned and went back down the stairs to the ground floor. After he'd locked his apartment door behind him, he stripped off his sweaty clothes and showered quickly. He got back into bed and drifted back to sleep.
Sherlock leaned forward in return. His eyes were full of heat and mischief. "The things you would do to me? What about the things I would do to
John squirmed at the sensation on his overstimulated skin. He nudged Sherlock with his knee. “Give us a better look at it? I can’t quite see all of it from this angle.”
John kissed Sherlock until they were both gasping for breath. He put his forehead against Sherlock's for a moment before dropping his head back down against Sherlock's neck again.
Mrs. Hudson's attention drifted past John's shoulder. John turned quickly to see Sherlock standing in his doorway. He was in his blue silk robe, a worn gray t-shirt, and threadbare pajama pants. He was even paler than usual, his hair was a disaster, and he looked like he hadn't slept at all. John felt a fresh spike of pain in his heart.
John stared down at the envelope in his hand. Fear sat like a stone in his stomach. He looked back up into Sherlock's eyes and saw worry in them. He took a deep breath. "Okay. I'll go."
John's eyes fluttered closed momentarily. He took a shuddering breath. "You can do anything you want, Sweetheart."
He let Sherlock in and shut the door behind him. He was swept into a tight embrace as soon as he had the door locked. John held on to Sherlock for a long time, resting his head on Sherlock's chest. Sherlock rested his cheek on top of John's head.
Sherlock searched John's eyes for any sign of hesitation. He saw none whatsoever. Emboldened, he surged forward, his lips crashing against John's. John's arms flailed a bit as Sherlock pushed him backward across the sitting room. Thankfully, Sherlock retained enough thinking ability to move one of his hands to the back of John's head to protect it before pushing him against the closed door.
Sherlock stopped abruptly. John opened his eyes and stood up straight. After a moment, Sherlock repeated the last 10-15 seconds of music. He stopped again. He repeated the music, but this time it was slightly different.
you are?" He began to stroke Sherlock's sides and leaned in to kiss his chest and stomach. He continued to speak between kisses. "Do you... have any... idea... what... you...
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed heavily, but he pushed off the side of the bed to stand next to it. He turned his back, and his arse was even more glorious than it had looked from the other angle. Sherlock put a hand on one hip and looked back over his shoulder, pushing his large, folded wings off center. “How’s that, then?”
"Good." Sherlock let out another quiet moan. "You're so gorgeous like this. Someday, when we have enough time and enough privacy, I'm going to keep you like this for
A radiant smile broke over Sherlock's face. He pulled John into another slow kiss. John let go of Sherlock's hand so he could hold Sherlock's upper arms, keeping him close. He deepened the kiss, parting his lips to allow Sherlock in. Sherlock wrapped his arm around the small of John's back.
to me, John. I love you more than I can say." Sherlock grasped John's shirt and pulled him down. He kissed John deeply. John moaned against Sherlock's mouth, pushing his fingers into his hair. After a few minutes, John pushed back reluctantly and sat up.
John flew back into the house, scanning for evidence. Two plates! He put Sherlock's plate away, then dried his mug and put it away. He looked again. The flour sacks! He restacked them quickly and slid them under the bed. He looked again. Nothing. They had been right to keep Sherlock's things gathered. He hurriedly hung up his bow and quiver.
John propped himself up on his elbow and stroked his fingers through Sherlock's hair. He began singing quietly. Sherlock could barely focus at first, but the sweet sound of John's voice soon began to quiet him.
John pulled back far enough to breathe. He plunged down again, taking Sherlock in to the root. Sherlock couldn't take any more. He came hard, his hands flying into John's hair. He cried out even more loudly and his body jerked uncontrollably.
John gasped when he felt Sherlock's mouth on his neck instead. He tilted his head against Sherlock's hand to better expose his neck to Sherlock's attention. He put a hand to the back of Sherlock's head, tangling his fingers in his hair.
When they were ready to leave, John turned to Sherlock. "I should be able to get everything we need. The innkeeper said most of the merchants speak a little English. Hopefully we'll be able to avoid you having to talk to anyone." He kissed Sherlock gently before opening the door.
Sherlock stood in front of John's bed in his expensive black underpants, looking intently into John's eyes. John allowed his gaze to drift down Sherlock's body. His breath caught when he saw the distinct outline of an impressive erection. Then Sherlock's hand was on his cheek. John looked up to meet Sherlock's eyes.
. I know. I understand. It took me a few hours to calm down. At first I felt... rejected. Like you didn't want anyone to know we were together because you were... ashamed of me."
Sherlock wrapped one of his graceful ebony-clawed hands around his cock, groaning in relief. His wings opened like a dark lily, giving off their soft night-sky shimmer. He stroked himself steadily and lowered his other hand to cup his bollocks as John watched the gloriously erotic display in silent wonder.
John thanked Mike profusely and took Sherlock upstairs, straight into a warm shower. Sherlock's whole body had stiffened up from the battering he'd received in the water. Bruises were blooming all over his pale skin. John got into the shower with him, gently shampooing his hair for him while carefully avoiding the stitches in his temple.
When Sherlock settled back into bed, John immediately wrapped himself around him. He nuzzled into Sherlock's neck. "You were right."
Sherlock stayed still, not wanting to wake John. He listened to John's slow breathing until his eyes closed again and sleep took him once more.
"Come on, John, up to bed with you," he said as he pulled John up by the right arm. John stumbled to his feet, swaying a bit. Sherlock locked their arms together at the elbows and led John up out of the cellar. They made their way unsteadily to the house they'd built together at the back of Widow Hudson's vineyard.
John turned to see a man approaching them. Sherlock stepped toward him. "Hello, Angelo," he said as he shook the man's hand. "Angelo, this is John. John, this is Angelo, the store's owner."
John pulled the coverlet up. His deep blue eyes met Sherlock's. Sherlock could see the heat in his eyes for just a moment before John broke eye contact and quickly moved away. Sherlock tried to breathe normally. His leg was throbbing.
Sherlock groaned in frustration and let his head drop back against his arm. John moved on to Sherlock's thigh. Sherlock gradually relaxed.
As John pulled Sherlock's shirt out of his trousers and fully opened it, he looked up to see Sherlock's head tipped back, eyes closed and mouth slightly open. Sherlock whimpered and tightened his grip on John's hair as John dipped down to swirl his tongue over one small, pink nipple.
They quickly made their way to the cellar. John opened the hatch and guided Sherlock down the stairs. He put the pack down. "There's a lamp and a flint right here," John said in a rush, pointing the items out. "
Sherlock dropped his head back down against John's neck in relief. "Don't go hunting, John. Stay here with me."
He began shedding his clothes as he walked to the bathroom. While he was waiting for the shower to warm up, he thought about taking Sherlock out to lunch, hoping Sherlock would be back in time to eat before John's 2:00pm shift at the hospital.
Sherlock turned away and started looking through the crates again. He held a disc out to John. "Do you have this one?" he asked quietly.
Iggy Pop played the Uptown Theatre in Kansas City on October 26th, 1977.  I moved the date a few weeks earlier to make it fit with a larger historical event in the story's timeline. (I beg for your forgiveness.)
Sherlock rested his forehead against John's thigh, still panting. John was struggling to catch his breath. He sat up and pulled at Sherlock's upper arm. "Come up here with me."
John stroked his fingertips over the letters. He moved to put the watch down, but found he didn't want to let go. He smiled again as he slipped the watch into his pocket.
Mike gave them bread, salted pork, and milk to eat. "John's told me about your situation, Sherlock. I'm happy to help in any way I can. I want you to make yourself as comfortable as possible here. John can help me with the horses. It'll be quiet here so you can rest."
Sherlock burst out laughing. It was beautiful. "You're right. No one has ever done that to me. I suppose that puts being asked to 'play a tune' into perspective."
"I kept your watch in my pocket all day." He looked up at Sherlock. "To prove to myself that I wasn't just dreaming last night."
He bracketed John’s shoulder with both hands, front and back. “This will only repair any damage you did tonight.” He repeated the incantation.
Their bedroom was lit only by the pale light coming through the windows. John threw the covers back and began pulling Sherlock's clothes off of him, stopping frequently as Sherlock continually pulled him in to kiss him desperately. John giggled breathlessly. "Let me get your clothes off!" He bent down to finish removing Sherlock's trousers and underwear.
Sherlock's head tipped back against the door with a thud. He squeezed his eyes shut and whimpered, his hands clawing aimlessly at the door.
They walked in silence over the hill. The sun was coming up, its light revealing the scattered colours of early spring amid the grey and brown left by winter. John's house was a small, neatly kept wooden structure with a thatched roof. There was a well on one side and a woodpile on the other. John opened the door. "Let's get you into the bed, Henry. I'll sleep on the floor while you're here."
"Please have a seat, Sherlock." Mike gestured toward the table. Sherlock and John sat on the chairs. Mike pulled up a small bench for himself.
John squeezed Sherlock's arm lightly and stood up. "I'll see you on Monday, Sherlock." He jogged out of the rose garden.
John lifted one of his hands up from Sherlock's waist and grabbed a handful of his hair. He claimed Sherlock's mouth in a heated kiss. He rolled his hips against Sherlock, moaning against his mouth. The kiss became a bit messy as both of them gasped for breath.
As John came back to himself, he pushed up shakily, suddenly concerned. "Are you all right, Sherlock?"
John tucked Sherlock back into his underclothes, but left his breeches untied since he was still mostly hard. He got to his feet, his eyes still locked on Sherlock's. He pushed Sherlock's hair off his forehead and kissed him softly. "You've been so good for me, my darling. When I say, you can let go of the shelves and do whatever you want with me. Would you like that, my love?"
John gave him a rueful smile and said, "Maybe not. I took an arrow through that shoulder two years ago. Try looping your arm around my neck and grabbing your other hand. That should keep your weight off my shoulder."
Sherlock took his time turning his lovely hand over and lowering it near John’s lap. He trailed the back of one ebony claw down the length of John’s straining cock, earning himself a strangled cry. He angled his head, admiring the effect he’d had on it. “A human male’s greatest fear. And you’re harder than ever.”
Sherlock dropped John's hand so he could reach out and hold John's face with both hands. "I was thinking about
The pain in Sherlock's heart was white-hot and searing. He'd known from the start that this was inevitable. But he had dared to hope he'd have more time. Shame coursed through him. He'd been a fool to think he could keep John Watson. For any amount of time. Sherlock pulled his hands down over his face.
Sherlock's other hand grabbed the back of John's head and pulled him into another kiss. The kiss broke as Sherlock began whimpering.
Sherlock crawled forward and laid down at John's side, resting his hand on John's chest. He could feel John's heart pounding. He watched as John's breathing gradually slowed.
John suddenly released Sherlock's hair and pushed himself up so he was kneeling, straddling Sherlock's thigh. Sherlock's hands dropped away with the movement, falling back onto the bed. John looked down at Sherlock and groaned at the sight of him. Sherlock was laid out half naked and quivering under him, looking completely debauched. His face and neck were pink with stubble burn, his hair was tousled from John's fingers, and his eyes were alight with passion. He and John were both panting.
The demon’s mouth had opened against John’s neck. The heat of his breath and the soft, wet pressure of his tongue sent ripples of desire through John’s entire body.
“But your danger kink has bested the other scenarios tonight,” he continued coolly. “I’ve already bound you and soon I’ll impale my throat on your cock. It’s a rare male who doesn’t enjoy an enthusiastic blow job, but you are particularly appreciative. Add the element of being rendered helpless at the hands of a powerful creature of darkness and we have our winner. You can consider my little foray into your penchant for dirty talk a bonus.” He looked down at John like the cat that got the cream.
Watson and Holmes are both well known in the area, albeit in somewhat different circles. Holmes, 70, served as concertmaster of the Kansas City Symphony for 32 years in addition to his 10-year tenure with the Kansas City Philharmonic, the Symphony's predecessor.
John and Clara had just begun chatting about the weather when Clara went still. John watched as her eyes went wide and her breath caught. She was looking past John's shoulder. John turned and saw Harry in the doorway, standing motionless. She was looking at Clara with an expression of pure wonder.
John reached out and put his fingertips on Sherlock's hipbone. He looked up and saw that Sherlock's eyes had opened. Sherlock was gazing at him with undisguised want. He shuddered as John trailed his fingertips all the way from Sherlock's hip to the hinge of his jaw and leaned down. "Sherlock, you're
A note about clothing: Thanks/blame for the black leather trousers goes to the costume designer for the black swan in Matthew Bourne’s adaptation of Swan Lake.
Sherlock turned toward John as he approached and smiled warmly. His eyes sparked with joy as he took in John's carefully groomed appearance. "John," he said quietly.
Sherlock watched John with fire in his eyes, his frustration melting away. John adjusted his hips so his cock rested against Sherlock's and reached down. As John's hand closed around both of them, Sherlock's eyes closed. "Oh,
Greg slid one of his hands up onto his own chest and grasped the pale, elegant hand that still rested there, looking helplessly into John’s eyes.
Sherlock's hands tightened on John's shirt and hair. He leaned back slightly, dragging John downward. John ran his hands over Sherlock's shoulders and down his body. His pushed his tongue into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock let out a low moan. John's hands had reached Sherlock's hips. He pushed them under his shirt. Sherlock's skin was soft. John sighed against Sherlock's mouth. He could feel Sherlock's muscles contracting as he began tugging at John's shirt. Sherlock loosened the laces at the top and pulled it up. John broke their kiss to allow Sherlock to pull his shirt off over his head.
Why was John pushing him away every time the heat between them began to build? Sherlock knew John felt it. He'd seen the desire in John's eyes several times. And yet, each time, John had abruptly broken eye contact with him.
Sherlock was taken aback. He lowered his hands a bit to look over them. "But - you can't possibly mean that!"
John dropped the box and grabbed Sherlock. Something the old woman had thrown hit him in the back. He dragged Sherlock out the door, even though Sherlock was still yelling in French and was fighting him every step of the way.
John put his hands on Sherlock's shoulders. He dragged all ten fingertips down Sherlock's back, leaving a trail of gooseflesh in their wake.
John left quietly and went to the cellar. He lit the lamp and looked through his belongings. He had already packed dried meat and chestnuts for the journey. He picked up some more for them to eat for supper, some potatoes, and a spool of twine. He would leave the rest for Mike.
John was overwhelmed. His heart was so full he thought it might crack open. It was a moment before he could speak. "Sherlock, my darling, I love you, too." They pulled each other into a kiss. Then John put his head on Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock smiled. A real smile. "I'm sure." He stroked Beau's neck again. "Will you help me into the wagon?"
John sighed against Sherlock's mouth. He gently pushed Sherlock against the back of the couch and leaned over him. He slid one hand up into Sherlock's hair. It was even softer than it looked.
Sherlock was panting now, trembling and looking helplessly at John on his knees in front of him. John took a moment to reach for his handkerchief and quickly wipe at Sherlock's hand. He tossed the handkerchief aside and grabbed Sherlock's hips again. Sherlock gasped.
John took care of Beau and put him back on his picket line. He went to the wagon to get supper ready. He noticed Sherlock quietly slipping away on his crutches while he was busy, but didn't give it much thought. When John finished preparing their food, he looked up, wondering where Sherlock had gone.
Sherlock looked upward, thinking. "Well, English of course. French. Welsh. Greek and Latin. Andalusian Arabic, German, Dutch."
John still had his eyes closed. "God help me. I want you more than I've ever wanted anyone." He finally turned and looked into Sherlock's eyes. "You're sure you want this?"
John leaned down and kissed him gently, brushing his hair back from his forehead. "I love you, too."
At this point in the conversation, Holmes appeared next to me and interjected, "He's too modest. I was, and I remain, in awe of what he did for his patients. Not a single one died alone. He fought like hell for their lives, but on the occasions when he couldn't save them, which were unfortunately many in those days, he made sure they were cared for. He stayed with them at all hours, night after night. He held their hands when their families had abandoned them. And he buried them with dignity."
"Yes, Sweetheart. I didn't know the glen was there for months. You can't see it until you're right on top of it. No one will disturb us."
Sherlock wrapped his left hand around John's cock and pulled his underclothes down with his right hand. John's body convulsed with pleasure, and he sobbed against his hand.
John reached up and brushed his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "I'm glad you forgot it. I liked having something of yours with me."
John looked up at Sherlock, his deep blue eyes full of heat. He crawled forward until Sherlock grasped him. He groaned and lowered his head to Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock grinned at him. John turned around before he could make a bigger fool of himself. He took his cloak off and hung it up. He could hear Sherlock moving around, undressing.
John stroked Sherlock's chest. "I'm so sorry, my love. Go ahead and cry. I won't think less of you. And it might help a little."
Sherlock pulled out his cock, opening his hand to display it, and John groaned loudly at the sight of it. It was well formed, generously sized, and dusky pink. And it was gloriously hard. John pulled violently at his restraints again, burning with an all-consuming need to touch Sherlock.
John got up and put his plate in the sink. He turned around and leaned against the counter, scrubbing his hand over his face. He'd been thinking of nothing but Sherlock for the last three days.
Sherlock would need to think of another plan. It was clear to him now that he was not capable of walking away from John Watson.
Sherlock bent to kiss Greg’s neck. The thick, dark waves of his hair cascaded over Greg’s shoulder. “Take us home,” he pleaded breathlessly, his deep baritone smouldering with desire.
John leaned across Greg to address Sherlock, using it as a pretext to deliberately invade Greg’s space. “I said
He looked across the room at the books. He was too far away to see most of the titles, but a few were visible. They were just as varied as the records. John could see music textbooks, art history textbooks, Shakespeare, and Homer alongside titles like "The Exorcist" and "The Naked Ape." He squinted at a collection of science textbooks. Was that... apiology?
, Sherlock!" As he began to come back to himself, he realized he was clutching tightly at Sherlock's hair. He let go and untangled his fingers, afraid he'd been hurting him.
Sherlock untied John's breeches, pushing them down a few inches. John got up for a moment so he could pull the rest of his clothes off. Then he finished undressing Sherlock, taking care not to hurt him. John was struck again by just how beautiful Sherlock was. He stroked his fingers down Sherlock's body, looking at him in wonder.  Sherlock grabbed John's arm, pulling him back into the bed. John straddled Sherlock's hips and locked eyes with him. Sherlock's eyes burned into his. John leaned down and kissed Sherlock deeply. He broke loose and worked his way down Sherlock's jaw and neck. Sherlock was panting. "Oh, John, John!" he cried.
John finally grasped Sherlock's cock gently and pressed an open-mouthed kiss to the side of the head. Sherlock sobbed in pleasure and relief. John took the head into his mouth and stroked it with his tongue. He moved his other hand to Sherlock's balls.
Sherlock hadn't noticed John. He was alternating between peering into the trellis and writing in a notebook. John slowed as he approached Sherlock's bench. He stopped a couple of feet away and put his hands on his hips. "What are you doing?" he asked.
John’s heart pounded so hard he could feel it in his eardrums. He squeezed his eyes closed for a moment in the futile hope that he would reopen them to find his world returned to normal.
John's cheeks were hot. "Do you need them taller? Shorter? Please tell me and I'll adjust the height for you."
John bolted upright, jolted awake by the thud of something heavy dropping onto the footboard of his bed.
After allowing Sherlock a few minutes of experimentation, John took control of the kiss, guiding Sherlock's inexperienced mouth. Soon Sherlock was trembling. His knees threatened to give way again. He reluctantly pulled back so he could speak. "
John knew he really meant somewhere they couldn't be overheard talking about his life as a prince. "I've never been on a ship before, but I've heard it can make one sick."
Sherlock was sitting in the back of the wagon with his arms crossed. He glared at John as John reached for his supplies. John paused. He put his hand out to help Sherlock down. Sherlock turned away. John kept his hand out and waited. With a heavy sigh, Sherlock scooted forward and let John help him down. He didn't make eye contact.
"Don't apologize, John." Sherlock interrupted. He grinned. "It worked. You remember where my building is?"
Sherlock shook his head. "No. But it's all right if you want me to go." He still wasn't looking at John.
Sarah laughed. "Whoever it is that's got you staring into the middle distance with a beatific smile on your face!"
John put his hand under Sherlock's chin and lifted his face, looking into his eyes. "Will you stay with me, Sherlock? I don't want you to go."
John was moaning against Sherlock's mouth and clutching desperately at his upper arms. Sherlock bent his knees to line his hips up with John's and shoved his body forward, grinding against John.
Sherlock sighed as John lowered his body onto Sherlock's. He wrapped his arms around John. They were both trembling. Sherlock stroked John's back. "John," he whispered. "I've never felt like this before."
As Sherlock came back to himself, he was mortified, realizing that he had come before they had even taken their clothes off. He lurched back against the door and put his hands over his face. "Oh, God, John, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to -"
Any other observer would not have known anything had been disturbed. But John knew these woods like the back of his hand. He took in every detail he could from his position atop the hill.
. It was knocked out of tune but unharmed. Sherlock sighed in relief. He quietly tuned and repacked the vielle. He tucked his pack into the side of the hollow and put the boot next to it. He put his gloves back on.
Sherlock couldn't speak. His chest and throat were tight. He closed his eyes, lowered his head, and focused on breathing.
John lowered his head and claimed Sherlock's mouth in a desperately passionate kiss. He rolled his hips gently, dragging his cock against Sherlock's.
John turned to face him. He pointed his spatula at Sherlock. "Oh, no. I'm not taking the blame for this."
John laid back into the bed, still tangled up with Sherlock. He lifted a hand and pushed Sherlock's hair off his forehead. "Do you remember the first time I heard you play?"
"Most of the time, yes. Definitely this week. We're performing 'Scheherazade.' It's a personal favourite of mine."
John closed the hatch and camouflaged it. He ran back up the hill. Then he ran over the next hill. And the next. He saw the riders. They were covering ground quickly. John sighed in relief. He followed them for another mile to be sure. Then he returned as quickly as he could to Sherlock.
"I'm just going to pop in and put my toolbox away. I'll be right back." John quickly placed his toolbox on its shelf and grabbed his stack of flour sacks. He jogged up the steps to rejoin Sherlock. Sherlock was still peering intently into the cellar.
Sherlock worked John hard. He didn't waste time trying to tease, clearly aware that John was too far gone. John tugged at Sherlock's hair, causing Sherlock to moan around his cock. With a muffled shout, John came hard. Sherlock kept working him until he dropped back against the couch, spent.
John grinned back, shook his head, and refocused on his food. After dinner, he took Sherlock back to his apartment for a drink.
The ship made its way into the channel. John was amazed by the way the land shrank behind them, the way the ship moved through the waves, and the way the crew worked at the rigging. He was thoroughly enjoying the experience. Until he wasn't. Nausea suddenly crashed over him. John vomited over the rail repeatedly, embarrassed at doing so in front of Sherlock. He held onto the rail, putting his head down on his arms between bouts of illness.
John's head snapped back up. He looked at Sherlock with concern. "I don't expect that of you. You're injured..."
Sherlock looked stricken. He stopped struggling and let John push him up into the back of the wagon. John drove away quickly.
"I've never allowed myself to fall in love again. Since Victor, I've only had... casual encounters." He paused. "But I can't do that with you. I can't seem to keep my heart closed to you."
John halted. He turned back to see the waiter leering at him. John squared his shoulders and walked directly into the waiter's space, gratified when the man tensed up and recoiled into the pillar at John's approach.
Then Sherlock's hands were all over him, pulling at his clothes. When they'd both dropped their clothes in a heap on the floor, they crawled into Sherlock's bed. Sherlock held John close as they stroked each other, coaxing shattering orgasms from each other's bodies.
The battle he'd fought with himself over what to wear had been a nice change of pace from the one he'd had with himself over pursuing Sherlock. After two days, John was firmly holding his doubt and fear at bay.
"I'm happy to play for her tonight." Sherlock still didn't move. "But that's not why you came down to the cellar."
They passed the woodpile and the sawhorses at the back of the house. John picked up his toolbox so he could put it securely away in the cellar. "I try to approach it a little bit differently each time so I don't wear a path to it."
John's heart was pounding in his chest. He let out the breath he didn't know he'd been holding and gave Sherlock a huge grin.
. "Thank you, Joe," John managed to croak out. He turned to the other officer. "You, too, Sam. Thank you
He looked at Sherlock's window for another moment. The wind was picking up. John turned and went back down to the ground floor. He went to his kitchen, picked up the phone and dialed Sherlock's number. Sherlock wasn't answering. John let it ring. Fifteen rings.
." He tipped his head down and pressed his mouth against John's. John immediately yielded, relaxing against the tiles and opening his mouth. Sherlock pressed in, pinning John to the wall with his body and kissing him deeply.
. It took every bit of self control Sherlock had not to squirm or open his eyes. Minutes passed. Sherlock knew what John was waiting for. He was waiting for Sherlock to yield. So, finally, Sherlock began to relax. He deepened and slowed his breathing. His muscles gradually loosened and he slumped slightly against the pillar.
John leaned casually against the wall near Sherlock. "I've found a ship. We leave in an hour. We're going to be all right, Henry."
Sherlock snatched the dog tags out of John's hand, glaring at him fiercely. He clutched them to his chest possessively.
John turned and looked back at the horse. He frowned. "Beau." He looked into Sherlock's eyes again, clearly concerned for him.
"I heard you moan. Before I came in." Sherlock leaned in, lowering his voice again. "Were you touching yourself?"
A little smile crossed Sherlock's face. He lifted his hand to his own mouth and licked it. John's mouth dropped open as he watched. When Sherlock took hold of him with his wet hand, intense pleasure coursed through John's entire body. John groaned and let his head fall back. Sherlock immediately dove forward to drag his tongue from John's collarbone to his jawline. At the same time, he began to stroke John steadily.
Sherlock was already sitting up with his hunting knife drawn when a body crashed into the door. His eyes widened in terror. The door burst open and John flew into the room, panting with exertion. "
"You take care of our John, now," Mike said gruffly. He released Sherlock with an emphatic pat on his back.
John dropped his arm. “Sorry. I don’t know what came over me.” He tilted his head, noticing that the ebony claws on the demon’s fingers were blunt, in contrast to his feet.
Sherlock was standing near the door, clutching his violin case to his chest. John walked over to him. "Are you okay, Sherlock?"
John handed Mr. Duncan's chart to Judy and walked around the corner. He froze in his tracks. Sherlock was in the main hallway, leaning against the wall. "
John sat back down on the edge of the bed. Sherlock put his hand on John's right shoulder and began to move behind him. John turned to see what he was doing. "Stay right there," Sherlock whispered.
He turned to the page that listed the musicians' names. Sherlock's was right at the top: Sherlock Holmes, Concertmaster. John felt a little rush of pride. He looked for the conductor's name. It was the only one listed ahead of Sherlock's: Gregory Lestrade, Music Director.
Johns fingers brushed against the sides of Sherlock's neck. Sherlock reacted with a jerk and a quick intake of breath.
Sherlock looked down sheepishly. "Of course." Sherlock squeezed his clothes and his left boot into the top of his pack. He folded his cloak and placed it on top.
Feeling the new weight of the ring on Sherlock's hand sent a thrill through John's heart. He pressed Sherlock's left hand into the mattress and moved his right hand faster over them both, watching as Sherlock tipped his head back in ecstasy.
The guards were just a few feet away now. Sherlock was trembling, his eyes squeezed shut as he willed John not to return while the guards were there.
Sherlock looked up at John, his cheeks turning pink. John wanted to know everything about Sherlock, just as much as Sherlock seemed to want to know about John.
Sherlock sucked harder and moved faster. He continued holding John's hip down with one hand to keep him from bucking too hard. John cried out, thrashing under Sherlock. His body arched and went still as he came in Sherlock's mouth.
“I know you don’t believe me. I don’t blame you; I wouldn’t either. We can prove it easily enough, but we don’t want to do it in a crowded club.” John pointed at Sherlock. “Just look at him, Greg. Even if we’ve made it up, wouldn’t it be worth playing along to have a go at him?”
Sherlock tensed up in John's arms. He pulled back stiffly. "John, your co-workers," he whispered. "They're looking."
"I'll hold it back here for you while you finish looking around," Angelo said. "You and your date." He grinned at John.
John broke eye contact as heat bloomed instantly on his cheeks. A swishing movement caught his eye. Without thinking, he leaned forward to get a better look.
John screamed, "Sherlock!" His voice was faint and tinny in his damaged ears. His lungs were full of smoke. He coughed and retched. "Sherlock!" The smoke was burning his eyes. He couldn't see anything but smoke and blood, shredded fabric and twisted metal. He got up and started running, stumbling over debris and bodies. He looked at each ruined face, none of them Sherlock's. He screamed again, "
The bartender was back. "She called the ambulance," he said to John. "She's going out front now to flag it down." He kneeled down at Susie's other side and took her hand.
He gently pushed Sherlock back. "Not yet. Together," he said as he guided Sherlock down onto his back.
After a few minutes, John sighed heavily and lifted his head. He grinned up at Sherlock. "I hate to ask you to move, but I think we should eventually get off the floor."
He kept driving, leaving town and continuing on through the countryside. His blood was boiling. It was past midday before he started looking for a place to stop.
John laughed. It was a beautiful sound. Sherlock wanted to make John laugh like that every day for the rest of his life.
John walked around to the front of the wagon and caught sight of Sherlock. He was standing next to Beau, stroking his neck and talking to him quietly.
A wicked light sparked in Sherlock’s eyes. “Not yet, you’re not.” He surged forward, capturing John in a searing kiss.
"I told you before. You're lucky." John laughed. He could see that the prince was struggling not to laugh with him. He nudged the prince's shoulder with his fist. The young man gave up and laughed. He lifted his head and looked into John's eyes. John was struck again by how beautiful and unusual the prince's eyes were. They seemed to change colour with the light.
John released Sherlock. He was still on his hands and knees over Sherlock's body. He watched Sherlock pant and tremble and took hold of his own cock. He began to stroke himself, sighing.
," John growled. He turned and rushed through the door, refusing to waste another second looking at the sneer on that prick's face. Sherlock's Mustang flew past him as he ran out onto the sidewalk. "
John looked into Sherlock's eyes. The ship tilted dramatically to the port side. John lost his footing and stumbled back against the rail, clutching at it.
John smiled down at him adoringly. "Together." He leaned over to get the lube from the top drawer of the nightstand.
He released him and sat up. A whimper of loss escaped Sherlock, but he looked up at John with unwavering trust.
Sherlock waited outside the horse seller's barn while John chose their horse. He would have liked to have helped John choose, but he knew it was a risk. And he knew John's knowledge of horses was solid after working with Mike.
John was silent. After a moment, Sherlock reluctantly turned to look at him. John was staring at the gold in his hands, his mouth open in shock. He looked up at Sherlock. "You're joking."
John took his boots off and sat down on the bed. He stroked Sherlock's hair gently. "I'm ready, Sherlock. We can leave at sundown."
John gaped at Sherlock, clearly speechless. Sherlock lifted his hand to the neckline of John's shirt and took hold of it. His hand fisted around the laces at the top of John's shirt. He pulled John down and kissed the corner of his mouth.
half a piece of bacon and a few bites of egg. When John finished eating and stood up, Sherlock retrieved the rest of his clothes and put his shoes on. He walked toward the door holding his jacket.
He slowly made his way down Sherlock's body, the exquisite body he knew better than he knew his own. He took his time, despite the pain in his knees and the ache in his shoulder, writing his love over Sherlock's skin with a thousand kisses.
Sherlock put his hands on John's upper arms. "I'm sure you'll think of something." He pulled John closer and kissed him deeply.
He shut the laptop, poured his now-cold tea out in the sink, rinsed his mug, and went out for his daily walk.
John nodded. Sherlock got into his car. John clumsily found his way back into his own car and watched Sherlock drive away.
" John began to gently rock his hips. Sherlock's fingers tightened, pressing into John's flesh. "Oh my God, Sherlock, you're incredible!" He allowed himself to thrust harder. "I love you so much, you beautiful man." His movements became irregular as he rushed toward climax. "Oh,
When Sherlock came through the door, John's breath caught. He looked gorgeous, as usual. He had on an indigo button-front shirt, with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. The buttons over his chest were straining.
John let more of his weight press Sherlock down into the mattress. He allowed his teeth to pass over Sherlock's skin as he let out a low growl.
Sherlock's fingertips made their way from John's shoulders to his neck to just behind his ears. Sherlock cupped John's face in his graceful hands and slowed their kiss. John sighed as Sherlock's mouth became more deliberate, more tender, almost... worshipful. John responded in kind, pouring all of his adoration, wonder, and yearning into their kiss.
Sherlock woke when John stirred against him. John started to get up. Sherlock wrapped his arms tightly around him, pinning him in place. John laughed. "I have to get up, my darling. It's almost dusk."
Sherlock watched him sit down on the flour sacks. John laid on his side, facing away, and pulled his cloak over himself. He hadn't undressed at all beyond removing his boots. Sherlock could see the tension in his body. He hadn't looked at Sherlock again yet.
Sherlock’s grip on them was stronger than steel. Sherlock’s teeth hadn’t been that monstrous before. He was sure of it. Almost. It was obviously a trick, meant to scare him. Wasn’t it?
Sherlock parked his car back in its spot in his building's underground parking. He turned to John. "John, will you... stay with me tonight?"
John cried out in anguished ecstasy. His entire body convulsed violently. Sherlock would surely have been thrown off had he not been prepared, with his hands pinning John’s hips and his ankles locked over John’s.
They found a spot on the side street where they could sit against a wall. John insisted that Sherlock use the fur coverlet as a cushion.
"Oh, my darling," John sighed against Sherlock's chest. Sherlock's arms tightened around John. He tilted his head down so his cheek rested against John's hair.
Sherlock turned back to John, eyes blazing with anger and pain. "Of course, John. How foolish of me." His voice was growing louder. "How very foolish of me to think I could rely on you to make our relationship a priority."
Since that moment, John had felt a surge of warmth in his heart every time he'd heard the faint clinking of the tags against each other when Sherlock moved or caught sight of the chain under Sherlock's collar.
John's chest hurt. He felt like his throat was closing up. He struggled to speak. "Can I call you tomorrow morning?"
John had no choice but to go back and wrap up his shift. He walked out of the hospital into the staff parking lot and saw Sherlock's Mustang parked next to his Vega. He stopped walking for a moment, realizing he'd been holding his breath. He steadied himself and approached the passenger side of Sherlock's car. He hesitated for a moment, then got in.
Sherlock blushed even harder as his eyes wandered over John's body. "R-running," he stammered. "It looks like you were running."
John gently rolled Sherlock's stocking down. Sherlock squeezed his eyes closed, wincing as John prodded at his leg. "I'm sorry. I know it hurts. I'm checking the bone to see how badly damaged it is."
John pulled at Sherlock's breeches, untying them and pushing them down. He palmed Sherlock's cock through his underclothes. Sherlock gasped against John's mouth. He was already hard.
Sherlock's mouth dropped open in shock. He shoved his chair back and stood, glaring at John. His eyes were nearly glowing. "And now you're too concerned about what these
As John gained some of his faculties back, he deepened the kiss, putting one hand on Sherlock's hip. He brought his other hand to the open collar of Sherlock's shirt. He grabbed a handful of the fabric and twisted lightly. Sherlock gasped against John's mouth. Emboldened now, John tugged slightly at Sherlock's shirt and took control of the kiss.
Sherlock's heart raced as John's lips met his. For a moment they were both still. Then John shifted, opening his mouth slightly to take Sherlock's lower lip in and push his tongue across it. Sherlock's mouth opened in response and an embarrassingly loud noise escaped him. Startled by the intensity of his own reaction, Sherlock let go of John's jumper and fell against the back of his chair.
She took his hand in both of hers. "It's good to finally meet you, too, dear." She patted the top of his hand before letting go. "Don't you worry, now, he'll come around."
Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed. He would never be able to deny John anything now, would he? "I said that... I want... to be yours forever."
If John was honest with himself, it had been the first interesting thing to happen to him in months.
"Oh, they can't fathom why. They said you were engaged to a beautiful French princess. Then, a week ahead of the wedding, you ran off. They say you broke the poor girl's heart."
John put his hand over his mouth. Sherlock could see that he was holding back tears. Sherlock looked at Mike again. His voice was tight. "All right. But please, be careful."
Sherlock dragged his tongue slowly across the head. John moaned and his head fell back. Sherlock opened his mouth wider and slid his lips over the head. John was panting again. Sherlock kept the head in his mouth and stroked it with his tongue. He added suction. John's back arched, his knees drawing upward.
He went back to the bedroom, grinning at the sight of Sherlock splayed across his bed. John pulled his underwear on and went to the kitchen to see if any of the food he'd been cooking was salvageable. He took the macaroni and cheese out of the oven and set it next to the pork chops. Everything looked dried out and overcooked. He poked at the food with his spatula and decided it was too far gone.
John closed his eyes and buried his face in Sherlock's neck. Sherlock was warm and sleep-soft. A tear dropped onto John's shoulder. After a moment, John pulled back and stood up straight.
"You're welcome." John picked up the small table he kept next to his chair and set it by the bed. He got a mug of ale and set it on the table for Sherlock. Then he cut a piece of bread and gave it to him.
He was just drifting off when he heard it. Footsteps. Someone was running at full speed, approaching the house.
When he lifted his head and shook his hair back from his face, his expression was inscrutable. He stood and approached John, releasing his wrists with a touch of his hand.
Sherlock looked down. "I'm sorry, John. I have always lived my life a certain way and never expected that I would change - that I
In seconds, Sherlock had his knife sheathed and his boot on and was up on his crutches. John threw Sherlock's cloak over him and helped him out the door.
John smiled broadly. "I'll tap it with my thumb." He held his left hand up. "I'll tap my thumb against my third finger. Three times. I," tap, "love," tap, "you," tap.
." Startled, Sherlock looked up at John with wide eyes. "I'm helping you because I want to. You're not going anywhere until you've got your strength back. And
Sherlock startled, finally looking up at him. "John!" he said, immediately blushing. "What are you doing here?"
Sherlock gripped John's forearms and looked up. His eyes burned intently into John's. He was visibly trembling with arousal. He nodded his head slowly.
"Everything is yours if you want it. I want you to stay here with me. I want this to be your home. And not just because you've lost your flat. I've wanted you here with me for a long time. If I'm honest, I've wanted you here since the day we met."
John could feel Sherlock's body heat through the nightshirt. He could feel the muscles in the young man's back tightening and shifting as he lowered his body into John's bed. John's breath hitched. He pulled the coverlet up to Sherlock's chest. Sherlock's gorgeous eyes burned into his. John quickly averted his eyes and stumbled back a step.
John laughed. "Glad I could be of service." He tossed the spatula onto the counter. "Get in here. You're helping me make the sandwiches."
“There’s something here.” John gestured in the narrow space between their chests. “I know you feel it too.”
John let out a shaky breath. "I know. I need to go find a room. But I'm so worried about leaving you alone that I can't seem to walk away from you."
John licked his way back up the entire length of Sherlock's neck as he continued to thrust his hips forward, pinning Sherlock to the wall. He could feel Sherlock's cock pressing into him, next to his own. He moaned into Sherlock's neck. Sherlock was every bit as hard as John was.
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked down when he felt John pulling at his shirt. John's hands were making quick work of his buttons. He yanked Sherlock's shirt out of his trousers and let it fall open. He put his warm hands on Sherlock's waist and looked. "Do you have any idea how
"All right, John." Sherlock kissed John's hand. John leaned down and kissed Sherlock's forehead. He stood up and left quietly.
The man sighed heavily. "Fine." He swept his hood back. Dark curls fell over his brow. His face was ashen with pain. He pushed the cloak aside, scattering the leaves. The man's left boot was off. His lower leg was clearly swollen.
“So, what makes you think you’re the best I’ll ever have?” Greg challenged. “You take lessons or something?”
Sherlock was in a great deal of pain. He was very sore under his arms because of the crutches, despite the care John had taken to make them as comfortable as possible. His back ached. His right leg was strained from overuse. And his left leg... his left leg had swollen terribly. The skin was so tight he feared it would split. The thigh muscles were strained from holding his leg off the ground. But worst of all was the pain radiating in waves from his cracked tibia. Sherlock had tried to keep the pain from showing on his face so that John wouldn't worry. But now, with John's head resting against his shoulder, Sherlock let his face contort in agony. He still deliberately controlled his breathing, but tears began to fall past his temples and into his hair.
Day after mind-numbingly boring day passed, and his thoughts returned again and again to the dark-haired man. Where had he gone? Why had he been looking at John?
Sherlock pulled his arms out from under John's, leaving one hand at John's waist while he reached for something on his music stand. John turned his head to watch Sherlock pull an envelope from behind a piece of music and press it into John's hand.
John continued, "We met in a pub and discovered we were both headed the same direction. We teamed up for safety and to save money on lodging. When you took a fall and hurt your leg, I agreed to help you in exchange for you paying my way."
John's mouth was hot, wet, and very talented. Sherlock was lost in pleasure, moaning and writhing under John. After only a few minutes, Sherlock was already at the edge. "Oh, John, John, c-close..." Sherlock tried to pull John's head away, but John just worked Sherlock harder.
The colour drained from Greg’s face. He stared at Sherlock, wild-eyed. “I didn’t tell you my surname.”
John's entire circulatory system was rerouting itself. Sherlock stepped past John into the apartment. John turned, still gaping at him. Sherlock's brow furrowed. "Are you all right, John?"
" Sherlock was blindly reaching out for John, trying to take hold of him in return. John put his left hand out and caught Sherlock's hand. He pulled it to his mouth. He kept hold of Sherlock's cock with his right hand as he put two of Sherlock's fingers into his mouth. Sherlock cried out wordlessly. John stroked Sherlock's fingers with his tongue. He then licked Sherlock's palm. Sherlock was trembling and moaning under John.
After they'd made themselves presentable, John followed Sherlock into the elevator. Sherlock pressed the button for the basement instead of the ground floor. "I'll drive," he said in response to John's puzzled look. John couldn't help grinning. He'd been itching to get a closer look at that Mustang.
"It's already done. Everyone knows by now. If they're going to fire me, so be it. I'll think of something."
John was in the middle of telling Sherlock a story about medical school when their waitress slipped in a spilled drink. As she fell, the back of her head smacked into a table. She dropped to the floor, her tray of drinks crashing down behind her.
When John pulled up in front of Sherlock's building, he looked around quickly to make sure they were alone. He leaned across the seat to grab the front of Sherlock's shirt and kiss him one more time. He pulled back, keeping hold of Sherlock's shirt and looking into his remarkable eyes. They were ice blue in the light coming through the car window. "Can I call you later?"
Sherlock grinned back. He hesitantly began to tell John what he'd observed that morning. As John listened, he couldn't stop himself from staring at Sherlock. His eyes lingered on Sherlock's strong forearms and graceful fingers, then his collarbone and the triangle of pale skin visible above his tortured shirt buttons, then his exquisite eyes, shining gray-green in the morning sunlight.
John sat down on the couch just as the music began. He took a sip of his scotch. It was the most delicious scotch he'd ever tasted.
"Well, you know I spent the first few weeks after the hospital let me go clearing out my old apartment and replacing things I lost in the flood."
Sherlock lowered his chin and fixed his eyes on John's. John's eyes widened at the force of Sherlock's gaze. "I want
"You're the one the King is looking for. The runaway prince. I've just come back from visiting the village to sell furs and buy supplies. Everyone in the village was buzzing with the story." John grinned. "You're all anyone talks about."
John set the second bucket down. "I convinced the innkeeper to let us have these. Or, I should say, a generous tip convinced him. I thought we might like to have good wash after that voyage."
John staggered backward, looking away. "It's... it's too small to share comfortably. You wouldn't be... comfortable. With... your leg." He squeezed his eyes closed.
John groaned against Sholto's mouth as he dropped on top of him. They pulled at each other's clothes. John plunged his hand into Sholto's pants, grabbing him and finding him already hard as hell. Sholto gasped in pleasure and took hold of John's equally hard cock in return.
The second guard's voice was gruff. "There doesn't have to be a point, Anderson. Our job is to look for the little shit, not to think."
John nodded, then tilted his head toward his left hand. Sherlock looked down and saw John tap his finger. Sherlock's heart swelled. He returned the signal. John grinned brightly at Sherlock and went into the shop.
Sherlock grabbed John's wrist. "No! I'm the one who should be sorry. I've already caused you too much trouble. I'll be on my way as soon as the sun goes down."
John's hands slid around Sherlock's waist, under his shirt, and up his chest. Sherlock gasped at John's touch on his bare skin. He couldn't help arching his back slightly as he felt the heat of John's mouth between his shoulder blades.
Sherlock watched the firelight dance in John's hair. He watched then tension in John's body fade. He kept watching as John's breathing slowed and deepened.
He and Mike talked quietly to pass the time as they drove. The village was quiet as they passed by in the dark. They drove on toward the sea. After a couple of hours, John could smell the salt in the air. They stopped to bury Sherlock's clothes in the forest.
John found his way to the door. "Right then. Back soon," he said. He took one more look at Sherlock and left.
John was overwhelmed. For a moment, he simply watched Sherlock in wonder. He was amazed that this gorgeous, incredible man had given himself to John so completely. As he watched, Sherlock let out a keening sound and opened his eyes. "John," he whimpered. "John,
Tivol is an iconic Kansas City jewelry store, founded in 1910.  Its main location is (yep, you guessed it) on the Plaza.
Sherlock grinned against John's collarbone and began to inch backward, working his way down John's upper body with his fingers and his mouth. He glanced up at John's face before running his tongue across John's right nipple. John shouted and arched his back. Sherlock smiled and did it again, this time mirroring the action on the left nipple with his fingertips. John whined helplessly, shoving his hands into Sherlock's hair.
"Oh, not a bit. It's one of the things I love best about you." Sherlock looked up at the roof. "I noticed the pattern ages ago, of course, but I've never quite been sure why you're so... affected by it."
Sherlock closed his eyes. He waited. He heard John move forward. He could feel John's presence. John's gaze. John's
John let out a loud moan of appreciation. “Your arse must be the eighth wonder of the natural world.”
John cut Sherlock off by rising up on his toes and kissing him hard. He dropped back down. "Don't be silly. Of course I'll drive you."
." He brought his other hand up and trailed his fingers down Sherlock's neck. Sherlock gasped, tilting his head to give John better access. John kissed Sherlock's neck.
As they talked quietly over their drinks, Sherlock reached up and tugged at his white bow tie, untying it. He let it hang loose around his neck and reached up again to unbutton two of his shirt buttons. John felt a rush of heat through his whole body when Sherlock's long, graceful fingers pulled his shirt open at his neck, revealing part of his collarbone. John took a sip of his drink, swallowing hard.
After a few minutes, Sherlock's voice cut through his reverie. "You're overdoing the rubato. Go back to letter K."
John leaned closer to him. "She was right." He brought his other hand up and pulled Sherlock's hand away from his mouth as he rose up on his toes to kiss him tenderly. "I love you." He began to kiss him between each word. "William. Sherlock. Scott. Holmes." After one more gentle kiss, he dropped back down.
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably again. He turned back to John. "The girl her husband left her for. She was a Briton."
Sherlock's fingers tightened in John's hair. He cried out helplessly, writhing under John and gasping for air. John sucked harder when he sensed that Sherlock was nearing his peak. He moaned around Sherlock's cock and felt him go over the edge with a loud cry.
John pulled his mouth and body away, causing Sherlock to whimper at the loss. John's hand tightened in Sherlock's hair. "Open your eyes, Sherlock."
At last, he grasped Sherlock's cock and dragged his tongue over the head. Sherlock cried out loudly in pleasure and relief. John took him all the way in. He read Sherlock's desires in the way his body flexed underneath him, the way his hands clutched at his hair, and the way his cock thickened against his tongue. He gave Sherlock exactly what he needed, until Sherlock was quivering beneath him, his orgasm approaching rapidly.
Lunch was quite a balancing act. John did his best to convince his mother and Linda that Clara and he were interested in each other and distract them from the sparks that were flying between Clara and Harry.
John opened his eyes and reached for the stove. He turned the burner and the oven off. He then put his hands on Sherlock's chest and pushed him back gently. Sherlock straightened up, looking slightly disappointed. John took both of Sherlock's hands in his, lifting them away from his body. Sherlock's face was clouding over. John stepped around Sherlock and turned them both around. He started walking backward, pulling Sherlock by both hands.
John handed Sherlock a travel mug of coffee and kissed him goodbye as he headed out to check on his bees. As soon as Sherlock shut the door behind him, John hurried to the bedroom and shucked off his bathrobe. He dressed quickly but carefully in a charcoal gray suit with a robin's-egg blue shirt.
He splayed them out to give John a better look. “Filed down. I use them for pleasure, not pain.” He flexed his fingers suggestively.
John growled. He dialed Sherlock's number again. Busy. He waited a minute and tried again. Still busy.
Mike and John went to the barn to ready the wagon. They put hay in it for Sherlock so he could lie down. And so he could hide in it if need be. They drove up to the house and helped Sherlock get settled in the wagon. He laid down, wrapped in his cloak with his hood up, half covered by the hay. John climbed into the front of the wagon next to Mike.
Sherlock's smile widened. "Playing my vielle. Even the anticipation of it is enough to get me mauled."
"I'm so sorry, Sherlock!" John leaned onto him, wrapping an arm around him and tucking his head against Sherlock's neck. "It's all right now."
Sherlock let his body relax against John's again. He put his arms around John and rested his head on his right shoulder. He sighed heavily. "John. All I want is to make you feel the way you just made me feel."
When the show was over and John and Sherlock were back in the car, Sherlock turned to John. "That was a remarkable performance. What did you think, John?"
Clara smiled sheepishly at John. She put out her hand. "Nice to meet you, John." Her honey brown hair fell in waves past her shoulders.
The Plaza flood of 1977 was a real event. If you'd like more information, a local TV news report (KMBC 9) from the week of the flood is available on YouTube:
"John!" Sherlock gasped, his body arching anew under John's. John smiled into Sherlock's neck, savoring his reaction.
"Well, I won't pretend I don't have difficult days, but I'm good at it and I like helping people. Do you enjoy your work, Sherlock?"
He realized the man was speaking to him again. "I'm terribly sorry. You caught me by surprise, but that's no excuse." The man took John's right hand and helped him up. He then bent down and retrieved the shopping bags they had both dropped. "Again, I'm quite sorry for knocking you down. Will you let me buy you a drink in the cafe across the street? Give you a chance to recover?"
Sherlock stroked his hands down John's back. He took hold of John's arse and pulled him down. John let his weight fall against Sherlock. Both of them groaned as their bodies crushed together. John rolled his hips gently. Sherlock gasped and pushed up against him. "John, oh John, t-touch me!
He moved in, claiming Sherlock by plunging a hand into his thick hair. Sherlock came to him without hesitation, kissing him deeply. Greg’s noise of agonized protest transformed to one of desperate arousal as he watched John and Sherlock devour each other, practically on top of him.
Sherlock stopped to take one last look at John. The pain in his leg was horrible, but it was the pain in his heart that was truly unbearable. His vision blurred because of the tears in his eyes.
“Just let me talk to him. You know this is the hardest part.” John put his hand on Greg’s shoulder. “Greg, we’re not vampires.”
"Oh, John. I know." Sherlock tried to give him a reassuring smile. "Look, the sooner you go get the room, the sooner I'll be out of sight."
John went home and cleaned up the breakfast dishes. After he was finished, he went to the bedroom to get ready for work. He realized he didn't have his watch or dog tags on.
"My only purpose in life was to marry for political gain. Produce more princes and princesses who would grow up to do the same. I couldn't stomach it anymore. So I thought I'd disappear. Run as far as I could and become someone else." He smiled bitterly. "Someone like you."
John's cheeks flushed and he looked down. "Sherlock, it's nice of you to say that, but I know I'm old and broken."
Sherlock listened to his footsteps receding. The horses and cow stirred at John's movements. Sherlock knew that John might be gone for some time. He closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep again.
John ran his fingers over Sherlock's forearms and pressed back against him. Sherlock flattened his palms and ran his hands up John's chest. He nuzzled into John's neck, holding John against him firmly. John felt his heart quicken. He reached up and put his hand on Sherlock's head, keeping him in place. Sherlock's breath ghosted over John's skin as he sighed and pressed his lips against John's neck.
John's mouth fell open in shock. "Hngh." He nodded his head, having lost the ability to speak. A little smile passed over Sherlock's face as he quickly opened John's shirt, pausing for a moment to stroke his fingers over John's dog tags. He pulled John's trousers and briefs halfway down his thighs. John gasped for breath as he braced his hands against the wall and focused on keeping himself upright.
John left Sherlock there and unhitched Beau. He rubbed him down, let him have a long drink, and gave him some oats. He put Beau on a picket line and returned to the wagon.
Sherlock nodded helplessly. John took hold of Sherlock's cock. Sherlock whimpered again, arching his back and closing his eyes. John stroked him, his thumb pushing across the head. Sherlock gasped, his eyes flying open again in shock at the intensity of the sensation.
John took a deep breath in anticipation, but Sherlock's hands moved out to either side to drag down his hipbones and onto his thighs. John whimpered helplessly.
Greg’s breathing had quickened. A flush was starting at the back of his neck. They were getting to him. But suddenly, he shut down. “Sorry, fellas, it’s all a bit much for me. I think I’ll call it a night.” He moved to get off the barstool.
John shuddered, his blood beginning to rush southward. He grasped at Sherlock's hair as Sherlock dragged his tongue from just above John's collar to his ear and took John's earlobe between his teeth. John gasped quietly and arched his back. He pushed his hips back against Sherlock and found that he was already hard. Sherlock moaned quietly. He pulled John's shirt out of his jeans and slid his hands under it. John closed his eyes, focusing on the feel of Sherlock's hands on his skin.
John went still as the waiter approached their table to take their drink order. When the waiter was gone, Sherlock sat with his arms crossed, staring out the window again in stony silence.
John wished desperately to be able to see what Sherlock was doing between his legs. He knew it was unimaginably greedy of him to want more in the middle of the most profoundly pleasurable experience of his life, but he was rapidly learning that when it came to Sherlock he would always want more. He would give anything to see Sherlock wrap those long graceful fingers around that big rosy-tipped cock while he took John’s down his throat.
John smiled and went to Sherlock. He slid into bed with him and curled up at Sherlock's side, with his head on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock was warm and pliant with sleepiness. John put his right hand across Sherlock's body and took Sherlock's left hand. He twined their fingers together and rested them against Sherlock's belly. He whispered, "I love you, Sweetheart."
He watched in awe as Sherlock held eye contact with someone behind the bar. John pulled back a bit more to give him room to work. Sherlock dragged one of those big graceful hands back over Greg’s body and up into his silver hair, never breaking eye contact with his new quarry.
When John came back into sight, Sherlock heaved a sigh of relief. He could see John do the same. John walked up alongside Sherlock. "I've got a room. Come with me."
Sherlock looked down at him, a wolfish smile pulling at the corners of his gorgeous mouth. “I have a cock, John.” He moved one of his big, pale hands onto the bulge at his groin and hissed in pleasure. “Do you want me to take it out?”
John's whole body shuddered. He cried out loudly, breaking their kiss. John gasped for breath as Sherlock attacked his neck, licking and biting at it. He was utterly lost, thrashing against Sherlock's body as Sherlock stroked him firmly.
John smiled at him. "I thought you might be more comfortable if you had a chance to clean up a bit." He handed the dressing gown to Sherlock and went to the cupboard. He took out a clean flannel and set it on the sink. "I'll be in the hall." He left the bathroom, closing the door behind him.
So he stayed awake for a long time, memorizing the way John felt in his arms. He didn't want to miss a moment, knowing that any given moment could be the last. As the first pale glow of dawn approached, Sherlock finally closed his eyes and let sleep take him.
After releasing Sherlock, John stayed on his knees, looking up at him with fire in his eyes. Sherlock, still watching John as he'd been commanded, let out another whimper.
"I went running first thing in the morning, and there you were. You were so gorgeous. I can still see you now, sunshine catching in your hair, eyes bright and beautiful, shirt buttons barely holding. You always did wear your shirts tight like that. Drove me crazy. I was constantly fighting the urge to rip them off of you, you know."
"I'm still taking you out for a nice dinner later, though." John propped his head up on his arm. He trailed his fingertips over a Sherlock's chest until they landed against his dog tags. He picked them up. "Now that you'll have a proper wedding ring, I suppose you won't have to wear these clunky old things."
He released John’s hair with a shove and pushed back, dropping his hands onto John’s thighs, just above the knee. His claws dug in hard, the filed-down tips the only thing keeping them from puncturing the skin. John gasped.
how sexy you were in that threadbare army t-shirt. And oh dear God, those indecent little shorts. I had to go home and wank myself half-blind."
John wrapped himself around Sherlock. He rested his head on Sherlock's chest and listened to his heart as it pounded wildly. Sherlock's breathing gradually calmed and deepened. His heartbeat slowly returned to its normal pace. John closed his eyes and let himself drift toward sleep.
"Simple. I saw you packing flatbread into the bag you put under the bed. I noticed the vase when you first brought me in. It was already gone from the mantel when you put the bag under the bed."
Sherlock pulled John's underclothes down and took John's cock into his mouth. John cried out, "Oh! Oh,
the best you’ll ever have. I’ve only got twenty-six years’ experience myself, but lucky for you I’m a fast learner.”
Watson and Holmes have faced adversity over the years. In 1998, they were attacked in the parking lot of Watson's clinic. The incident left both men seriously injured. Watson's right knee never fully recovered, and he now walks with a cane. Holmes carries a scar on his temple. Their assailants, who shouted homophobic slurs during the attack, were never caught.
Sherlock lifted his head. His first priority should be hiding himself as well as possible until he could form a new escape plan. He was way too exposed on the stream bed. Even Mycroft's dimwitted thugs could find him there. Sherlock looked around. He spotted a hollow in the hill with a large tree on one side of it. It was his best chance of staying out of sight until he could come up with a new plan.
Sherlock pressed his cheek against John's head. He lifted a hand and stroked his fingers through John's hair. His breathing was beginning to calm. "Je veux être à toi pour toujours," he thought. "Tu es tout pour moi.
Sherlock was looking intently at John. "Thank you," he said, "For caring for me and helping me. I could never have gotten this far without you."
John turned his back on Sherlock and placed the takeaway bag on his desk. He put his hands on the desk as well and let his head drop down between his arms. Sherlock watched him take a deep breath and let it out slowly. He lifted his head and turned back to look at Sherlock again. "And why do you think dating will lead me away from the work?"
There was a rustling of pages. The conductor raised his arms and everyone shifted in their seats, raising their instruments. They began.
"Concertmaster. Your playing was so... expressive. It was beautiful." John tilted his head, trying to see Sherlock's face.
John was speechless. His mouth had dropped open and he was dizzy with arousal. He tried to respond, but all that came out was, “Hnnnngh.”
A man walking behind John crashed right into him before going around him with a muttered curse. John attempted to give chase as best he could considering the state of his damned leg, but there was no longer any sign of the man in black.
Watson and Holmes have shared the spacious 12th-floor apartment with its stunning view overlooking the Country Club Plaza since 1977. They married last month, on the 38th anniversary of the day they met, in a quiet ceremony in the rose garden at Loose Park, a place of personal significance for them.
John turned to Sherlock. "I'd like to show you something after dinner if you're up to it. I have a hidden cellar in the back. If the King's men come this way looking for you, we'll hide you there."
John broke away from Sherlock's mouth, smearing kisses across his jawline and down his neck. Sherlock gasped again, and John growled in response. He nipped Sherlock's neck. Sherlock shuddered, crying out. "
So he surrendered completely, allowing Sherlock to kiss him deeply and thoroughly. Sherlock was unexpectedly generous, lavishing John’s mouth with all manner of kisses. He was overwhelming and unpredictable. A sweet press of his lips against John’s in one moment could be followed by a filthy thrust of his tongue in the next.
"The hospital's board is very conservative, Sherlock. They won't keep me on if they find out. I've seen people fired for less."
"In Vietnam." John braced himself for Sherlock's response. He'd had people react viciously when he revealed his military service.
Sherlock started by stroking John's upper arms. He paused as he moved toward his shoulders. "Will it hurt you if I touch your scars?"
," he commanded. Sherlock gasped and then stopped breathing. His back arched and he shuddered hard as he came. John felt Sherlock coming right against his cock and lost control, coming so hard he fell down against Sherlock.  Sherlock groaned loudly when John dropped on him, panting as he began breathing again. John was crying out and shuddering as his orgasm washed over him.
John took his and Sherlock's water skins to the well and filled them. While he was outside, Sherlock repacked his bag. John came back in and stood in front of Sherlock. He rolled up the fur coverlet and tied it to his pack with twine. "Ready?" he asked.
Sherlock kissed John for several minutes, his hands still on the wall to cage John in. John stroked his hands over Sherlock's back, then pushed them down grip his ass. Just when John was certain he couldn't take any more, Sherlock dragged his mouth down John's neck. John gasped for air as Sherlock nipped at his collarbone.
A note about protection: As an incubus, Sherlock is not susceptible to human disease. He doesn’t need protection, but humans do. Please be safe!
John's cheeks began to flush. He clutched his hands together and looked away. "You want the honest answer?"
“Well, if you’re the best in the world, surely you can have anyone you want,” Greg said. “Why me?” He gestured vaguely toward the dance floor. “Why not one of those hot young twinks over there?”
"I'm going to drive you to the port in my wagon. We can leave tonight. I'll come straight back. No one else will know."
John managed to deflect his co-workers' questions over the remaining hours of his shift. He checked on Sherlock frequently, assuring him that they would be able to go home after the sun came up.
John was quiet for a few moments. "It took a long time to recover from my injury. After I was healed enough to be on my own, I wanted the solitude. I may eventually move back to the village, find a wife. But I'm happy here for now."
John was lost. He grabbed the back of Sherlock's head to keep him close as his hips pushed forward instinctively. John's world shrank down to only the points of contact between his body and Sherlock's. Sherlock's mouth on his neck, Sherlock's hair under his fingers, Sherlock's hand on his cock. Then Sherlock's voice was in his ear. "Let go, John. Come for me."
