Sherlock taps twice with one knuckle.  There’s no response.
“John?”
Do it.
Please.”
But now John is not here.
The room is still stuffy, even with the window thrown wide and the bracing morning air washing in, and there is an overall atmosphere of what can only be described as oppression.
John crawls back beneath the covers and slides close.
We would spend hours in the library pouring over all the pirate lore we could get our hands on—fictional or not.”
pitched low and painfully erotic.
There is a contract.
John blinks down at the message.
“Then, I need to get you a ring.”
She picks up the cup again, and Sherlock watches as the tea sloshes up and over the rim with the trembling of her hands.
“It’s what we do.”
“If you want to be kept, then yes.”
You need to calm down, and you need to sleep, and I’m going to help.”
“Oh yeah.”
“That she and I would have a proper chat.”
John snaps his attention away from the muddy-green, linoleum tile of the lab, and up to Sherlock’s face.  It’s neutral.  He’s focussed on whatever is beneath the microscope he’s fiddling with.
Sherlock kisses the hinge of his jaw.
Sherlock reaches out to steady him on instinct.
I was…”
When the food is ready, he pockets his phone again and calls them to eat.
John’s face does something Sherlock can interpret.
“Yes, I imagine she will.”
People live and let live in these parts.  Sherlock remembers that much from spending summers there as a child, when Mummy would have over very important looking men in tweed suits from the university, while his father trotted off to the pub in town until their meetings were done.
But he feels hollow, empty, like it’s not enough, like he wants to gather John up, gather him close, like he wants to be surrounded and filled.
She blinks, and then lets go of his trouser leg, sticks her thumb in her mouth, and walks back into the lounge without another word.
Press down.”
John, I—I…
It’s low, and dangerous, and Sherlock desperately wracks his brain for what he’s missed.
“No.”
He stops, goes over to the desk, opens his laptop, closes it again, heads for the door.
The man smiles, a cold, wry sort of thing, that doesn’t reach his eyes.
He’s the one who tracked down and killed Lukis and Van Coon.
John pulls out the jam, and goes
He cries.
Sherlock takes a deep breath.
She looks as though she doesn’t believe a word of it.  Wise woman.
Sherlock blurts and sees the words hit hard.
John slides down a little and lays his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
I almost was.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of.”
“Some sight.”
John stares up at the ceiling for a long time.  Sherlock is just about to get up and throw another log on the fire, when he finally speaks again.
He inclines his head in the direction of the bedroom, and Sherlock smiles in earnest, before tamping it down.
Sherlock wanted an online distraction.
“You’re lucky I love you so much,” called over his shoulder as he clatters down the steps to the first floor, and their bedroom.
He doesn’t reply.
“Pride.
“Your nose is broken.”
, actually.
, and John moans loud, and thrusts up into the cold darkness and wraps his now hot, slick hand around his cock.
A pleasing weight.
And this time when Sherlock pushes back in, John does just as he’s told.
Take the next right.”
“I might want to.”
It’s a breath of distance, but John feels it full force.
“Yes, but they don’t make love every day.”
Slow circles, fingers in the crease of your thigh.
He rubs the fabric against Rosie’s cheek, since her hands are sticky with icing.
You’re the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.
“He someone I need to pay a visit to, hmm?”
“Didn’t we have wine?”
And there it is again, a whimper, a muffled shout.
Sherlock sniffles and blinks up at him.
“God, yeah…”
He’s drifting off to sleep, and John aches to be there next to him, to pull him close, and watch it happen.
John moves the disk toward the flames.
John grins.
“Jesus, I don’t even know what I’m trying to say, except that—maybe you’re right.
But it’s become a bit of an enjoyable, unspoken joke and secret between them the last few days, and John isn’t too anxious to give it all up just yet.
It isn’t Redbeard.
“Okay.”
“I very much hope not.”
“Beautiful.”
“I asked her to marry me, but she refused.
“The father’s innocent—I think.”
John sighs heavily and rolls his eyes toward the ceiling.
“I want you to take it.”
“It’s a work in progress.”
The minute he rolls onto his stomach, Sherlock’s parting his cheeks, dipping his nose in and inhaling deeply.
John frowns, totally thrown at the sudden change of topic.
So easy, pure pleasure, none of the drag and unpleasant friction he usually subjects himself to.
A little strange.
“Sorry.”
“You say that like it’s a bad thing.”
Sherlock nods in the direction of the window.
“Yeah, well, me either, so…
“I think so.”
Not on a case.
“Hmm…”
John frowns.
“‘Married to my work’, that’s what you said.
Sherlock moans against John’s neck, and feels John shudder, and thrust against his belly.
Not hungry.”
Sherlock goes and slides to his knees in front of John’s chair, slides his hands up his thighs, leans in.
What have you to do with all of this?”
She’s exhausted by the time they’re done and falls fast asleep against Sherlock’s ribs on the cab ride back to Acton.
After a moment he sits up in his chair again, and swivels the laptop on his desk so Sherlock can see the screen.
What?
“Mmm.
Good set up for…”
And to debase yourself so much that you are willing to pay for what you could quite easily procure anywhere.”
He feels sick.
Abrasive?!
He sighs against John’s ear, and then his lips are pressing to the skin just behind it, pressing and staying there, a tender, lingering thing that makes John dizzy, and thirsty, and confused all at once.
“I said it all the fucking time, you just weren’t listening.”
“Yeah.”
When the tub is finished filling John shuts off the water, and gets to his feet with a groan.
He stays.”
I’ve stuck to my word.”
It’s raining.
John leans back in his bus seat and watches the dull blur race by outside.
He finishes getting Watson settled, and wanders into the kitchen to join him.
Sherlock glances over at him briefly, and then looks back out at the children playing.
“It appears not.”
“Where are you staying?”
“Yeah.
He shuts the door.
He starts a little when Sherlock comes up behind him, and wraps his arms around his waist.
He sighs and stares at himself in the mirror with an unforgiving eye.
You want the answers in the comment section, or here?
“In Syria.”
“You’re drunk.”
I don’t particularly relish the thought of you leaving again.”
“Gotta move somehow.”
“Might be the polite thing to show up on time.”
“I can’t sleep with clothes.
She leans back in the chair, snuffs her cigarette out on the arm, and lights another one.
John feels the words like a punch in the gut, and he sees the minute Sherlock registers what he’s said.
He sees Sherlock’s whole body tense for the briefest of moments, before John’s voice registers as John’s, and then he relaxes again, the corners of his mouth twitching.
John is shocked at the surge of adrenaline that courses through his veins and leaves an all-encompassing heat in its wake.
It’s not as though she’s sitting for her GCSEs, but he does get up, gets dressed, heads down to Mrs. Hudson’s.
Sherlock motions to the other side of the tub.
“Not really.”
He clicks play.
“PIZZA!”
It’s your birthday, and I want to tell you how much you mean to me, okay.
Y-O-U
“But your mind was a million miles away.”
“No.”
“I fail to see why this is a mystery.”
“Upstairs.
He forces himself to breathe.
There is a bowl of steaming risotto on the table in front of him.
And John is left blinking in confusion as Sherlock shoots up off the sofa, and returns to the kitchen.
Sherlock swallows and nods, remembers the last time they were together like this, the weight of John’s body on his, the way he could feel himself settling and lighting up all at once, the way John’s body had moved against his, and a steady, rhythmic pulse, like breathing, like the sea, like life itself, and he wonders how John might touch him this time.
John’s breath catches.
I got so hard, I—I had to do something.
Sherlock pulls out, and John’s eyes snap up to his.
“Recreational scolding.”
I always swore to myself that if I ever had a kid of my own, I’d make sure they were fed, and clothed, and taken care of.”
Sherlock wonders if he should try to distract her, if it’s going to be one of those sorts of post-therapy evenings, but John just smiles, and scoops her up, and lets her tell him all about the ant pile they found by the bins, and helping Mrs. Hudson dust her furniture, and decorating sugar biscuits, and Sherlock silently mouths a thank-you to Mrs. Hudson as they make their way upstairs.
Comments, texts, phone calls.
He reaches down, and she allows herself to be picked up, pulled into his arms.
John nods once, a small, tight jerk of the head, but he seems satisfied.
He’ll have me admitted again.
He’s not at the right angle to hit John’s prostate, and thank God for that, or it would all be over in seconds, but it doesn’t mean it isn’t the best damn thing John’s ever felt in bed, with anyone, hands down, bar none.
Harry just laughs.
There is no need for words, and John thinks as he walks, and breathes deep of the fresh, salt-tinged air, and feels the sun on his face, and listens to the birdsong in the trees around them, that he hasn’t felt this relaxed in years—maybe ever.
Leona looks back and forth between them, as though trying to gauge their sincerity, and then gets to her feet.
It’s a fog after that.
Mycroft takes a deep breath, lets it out slowly, and John sees something he never would have expected—genuine worry.
Sherlock blinks, and then his mouth spreads into a wide smile.
When he takes a final peek, John is sitting up, bleary eyed, and looking thoroughly confused.
John has just gotten back from his flat, all his earthly belongings in tow.
“Is this going to be another year of you trying desperately to work up some holiday spirit, and then getting angry at yourself, when you can’t?
I missed living with you.
John watches Sherlocks pupils zip back and forth, following the trail of each and every possibility his brain has just supplied, abandoning some immediately, as foolish,
They don’t talk much, as John’s hearing makes that difficult in a crowded restaurant, but it’s one of the best dates John can recall ever having been on, and when they are walking home, walking close through the still crowded streets an hour and a half later, John reaches out and takes Sherlock’s hand in his, looks up at him, sees his surprise, and smiles.
He bites into the apple, rinses it down with a mouthful of tea, before rubbing a palm down the top of his thigh to work out some of the tension.
Rosie yanks on his trouser leg.
For a bloke who seems so hyper aware of how gorgeous he is, he certainly does seem to have a hard time processing the fact that someone might want him.
Had to talk him down a bit last night.”
John grumbles as he slumps back against the seat and pinches at the bridge of his nose.
John forces a tight grin through clenched teeth, balling his fists at his sides.
He looks at John in that way he has, the intense and disarming way that still takes John’s breath away, even after all this time.
“Mummy?
“Yes.”
“John?”
Half way through dinner, he strips off his jumper, and rolls up his shirt sleeves.
And what do you mean, ‘working together’?
He’s opening his eyes to silver-grey, white, inky-black, aqua-blue, to a warm hand taking his, leading him in and out of the cold, up the stairs to their bedroom.
“Jesus fucking Christ you taste good.”
Or maybe he just wants to be found.
“Love you too.”
“Daddy, daddy, look!
“Yes.”
He slouches back in his chair a little, and looks around the room at nothing in particular.
John slides his tongue along the inside of his cheek, and then sniffs and turns back to Ella.
“If that’s how you want to frame it, then…”
It takes Sherlock a moment to catch up to the sudden change of topic.
“Okay.”
Three mobile numbers slipped in my pocket before the hour was through, and an utterly ridiculous level of flirtation.”
John wants to lie back on the bed, lay himself out like a willing sacrifice and wait.
“I’d like to hear what you think is important.”
Suddenly he’s angry.
“What?”
“Yeah,” he finally whispers.
He’s going to come this way, or is coming.
“Oh God.
“Christ, I’m sorry, but I’m
“Good-evening.
So now I’m asking.
There’s a vulnerability to him that John didn’t expect.
It’s almost a whinge.
Stumbles back, tipping his chair over, and…
I do want.
He’ll do it for the data.
I’ll just go on eating my breakfast, and you will have to figure out how to read entirely on your own.”
And, he suddenly realises, he has no words, none that can properly capture how marvellous John looks—relaxed, and handsome, and flushed with anticipation and joy.
“Christ.
This is familiar ground.
The rock is horribly slick, but his socked feet are giving him more leverage than his shoes ever could.
“You’re also quite ridiculous, you know.”
At first Sherlock had seen it as somewhat natural.  A great deal had happened. A great deal had been lost.  Things had changed. They had changed. It would take time, and space, and care for things to settle, to slot back into their rightful place.  They are still trying to find a new normal. For John to not seem like himself is to be expected, and yet… They’re going on nine months now…
Fine.”
Mode kind.”
Yeah, ‘course I do.
“Christ.”
“I’ve had a lot of time to think about it.
“Lestrade?
“You know, I wasn’t so pissed last night that I don’t remember you rebuffing my advances.”
The wave of emotion that washes over him is unexpected.
Sometimes he lifts a brow, or frowns, or clears his throat if Sherlock isn’t being as solicitous as he might.
All day when they were out, when Sherlock sat beside him in the cab to and from the hospital, when they were sitting in Lestrade’s office, when Mrs. Hudson had brought up their morning tea, all that time Sherlock had been sitting there wearing no pants.
which features multiple trigger objects, and is kind of fun.
Give me time, okay.
Have you talked about that?”
“You don’t know that!”
John wraps his arms around him and holds on tight.
Mrs. Hudson doesn’t leave until he’s cleared his plate, and she points a finger down the hallway to his bedroom as she gathers the dishes and leaves again.
He feels Sherlock shiver at the sound, his grip on the top and back of John’s thighs tightening.
And then, just as quickly as he came, John is gone again, tossing breadcrumbs in a bowl, depositing four chicken breasts in a bag, rolling up his sleeves to pound them flat.
After all this time, weeks, months (
Sherlock just nods, wide-eyed.  Totally speechless.
His brother tells him not to—not yet.
A big thank you to
The air is fresh, and cool, and the smell of wet pavement pervades everything.
“I want to go home.”
“Okay.
When he returns he stops and stares again.
Too much probably, but this is Sherlock’s new thing, pushing himself, every time, trying to see how far he can go, how much he can take.
He sees the corners of Sherlock’s mouth quirk.
“The case of why you keep running out on me, yeah?”
“I’m not blaming you.”
“John...”
John clicks randomly, listening to the intro to each one, relaxing just to the sound of Sherlock’s voice.
“Problem?”
I’ll run you a bath.”
“It’s been almost a decade.
Sherlock lets John herd him into the back seat and shut the door.
Not to mention he’s 99.9% sure that Sherlock knows this, and has started to use it almost like some sort of flirtation.
But also what they might
“I know.”
John’s pupils are dark and wide, his breath impossibly shallow, but his hand against Sherlock’s scalp is steady and sure.
Sherlock cracks open an eye.
If he was expecting John to be cowed or impressed by this declaration, then he is in for a disappointment.
“Dangerous?
John’s head simply rests against his back for a moment or two, as he breathes, waits for his heart to calm, and his pulse to slow a little, and then he starts to kiss him, soft, tender kisses stringing slowly down his spine, his hands following in their wake, fingers brushing over damp, sensitised flesh, feather-light touches that burn like fire against his skin.
Come here.”
“Of course.
“John.
Sherlock tightens his hold around John’s waist, and leans back a little more in the tub.
“Is it?”
“Okay.”
“Why would I laugh?
John whispers, intimate, quiet.
“Friend?”
“It feels good, yeah?”
John gasps and smiles.
When they get back to the school, classes are still in, and so they are undisturbed as they make their way to their room.
John’s shoulders drop.
“What?”
I also have a block tomorrow afternoon after 2:00.”
They are required to make an appearance at supper again, of course.
“The lemongrass bath bomb?”
Bumble bees?”
He looks rested.
Simple.
“John, due to your life experiences, your perception of roughness, of violence, is somewhat unique.
John sits on the sofa in the lounge glaring at every bug and camera installed.  He responds to Mrs. Hudson’s attempts of nurturing with grunts of indifference. He refuses to even look at Sherlock, as though he blames him in particular for this new and unwanted intrusion into their privacy.
He looks stunned and relieved all at once, like a lifetime’s weight has just dropped from his shoulders.
John’s face crumples, and he reaches up to cover his eyes.
Just pretend this didn’t happen?”
John whispers.
But then given the way Wilkes had talked about him, and Sherlock’s reticence to describe him as a friend, perhaps it was more complicated than that.
He slides his hand gently down the length of John’s spine, back up to his shoulder, down again, up and down, a slow, careful soothing.
It’s not a perfect angle, but it’s better than holding it.
Well, I’m not sure how much help I’ll be, but okay.
He smiles.
What should we do about it, do you think?”
“I would.
“The sweet chilli…”
John smiles and huffs.
“Good different?”
If John resists at all, he’ll let go, let him struggle through it on his own.
“This okay?”
I had to get pork.
Because that was not my fault.”
Sherlock sounds all of twelve.
When Sherlock’s shoulders shake, John’s arm lifts to settle lightly across his waist, John’s body spoons gently with his, John’s pulse and breathing become guide and template to his own.
Sherlock wonders if he’s crying.
Sherlock’s hands slide up his thighs, and back down again, firm, hot, sure.
“And if it’s not?”
“Right.”
“True.”
“I will deal with Ms. Adler.”
You get sick of being sick.
“Yeah.”
He’s seen it before.
He gets off the tube, and heads for the shops.
Sherlock’s lips press together in a moue, but he wisely says nothing in return.
“What does it look like?”  All acid and sarcasm.
He sighs in faux frustration.
John puffs out a wet laugh, and Sherlock smiles.
John’s forehead tilts in to press against his.
It’s slower than strictly necessary.
John hasn’t been really angry in a long time, and Sherlock thinks that’s good, that maybe that’s progress, but why should he care?
“Molly’s going to come and get this one in a bit.”
I’ve plenty of time to make another.”
When he gets up to the flat, John greets him with a somewhat sheepish smile.
It would be easier for John if Sherlock took him roughly, he thinks.
That’s the problem.
The longer they drive, the angrier he feels.
John is very still.
influence at the Met, with the way Lestrade hangs on his every word out of necessity, with the way Sherlock constantly one-ups idiots like Anderson, and instead, here he is feeling every bit the bumbling teenager who’s just brought a boy home to dad.
Filling it out, not with the dramatic swoop of a coat and a rattled off string of attention-getting deductions, but with the solid rock of his presence, with the confident set of his shoulders, and the look in his eye that defies disobedience.
“How have things been going with your drinking.
“‘Course.
John looks stunned.
Sherlock pulls himself up, arms burning and lets the torch drop from his mouth onto the ledge.
Ella cocks a brow.
“Yeah, well…
He lights one of his own, and then goes and cracks the lounge window to pacify Mrs. Hudson.
“What time is it?”
Is this who you brought me to meet?”
Shit, shit, shit.
“True.”
“Just want to pull my weight, you know, and I know we got good money from that case back in June, but it’s almost gone now, and I thought with the extra hours at the surgery I could…”
I mean why are you
“Oh, make yourself at home.”
So you want me to talk while I do this?
“Okay.”
Sherlock nods.
Daddy’s done.”
“Stay here,” Sherlock murmurs.
There’s been a bit of an incident.
John has known since the doctor at the hospital had told him no one else was brought in.
Sorry, I must have just dozed off.”
Shhh.
“I’m sorry.”
He gives Sherlock’s hand a squeeze.
“Yes.”
John swallows and nods, the look in his eyes almost desperate.
“Kind of wish you’d said all that years ago.”
The tears in John’s eyes spill over, and he wipes at them angrily.
See Dimmock.
John chuckles.
“Tell me what you’re doing.”
He walks over to his bed, crawls beneath the covers, fully clothed, and pops in his headphones.
“Lift up the gauze.
“When he entered the room, he poured himself a glass of sherry, and then sat down to mark papers.
Sherlock swallows back the lump in his throat.  “Yes well—let’s not waste another minute then.  I believe the food is getting cold.”
“‘Night, Sherlock.”
“Alright, one more page.”
It’s cold in the room, but he’s plenty warm now, and sweat is starting to gather in the crease of his thighs.
And I know you didn’t mean anything, it was your own thing, your own experiences with your brother that made you assume…
“And not because,” John rushes to add.
He’s grateful, then, when John appears at his side with a fresh cup of coffee which he presses into his hands, before draping Mrs. Hudson’s mourning afghan over his shoulders, and then moving to stand just behind his chair.
“Alright.”
You are holding a great deal of tension in your abdomen, thighs and groin, Holmes.
“I don’t want to fuck this up.
He stands and stares out the window into the gathering dusk and gloom and tries not to think about the way he feels: small, and stupid, and a waste of space.
Not like that.
His hands knot into fists in the fleece.
Sherlock traces on the tabletop with his finger.
“Okay.
“Hopefully not before we leave?
She’s a client of John’s, and she’s clever.
Just one more chapter, and I promise you it will be nothing but lovin'.
I’m probably still fucked up, but being with you this last year…
Yeah.
Sherlock is watching him now, from beneath drooping lids.
Sherlock smiles to himself as he dispenses some into his palm, and then lifts it and begins to massage it through John’s hair.
He lets out a breath he hadn’t realised he was holding.
You thought.
“Then what do you suggest we do?”
John laughs out loud.
He smiles.
Sex is something else altogether.
Yeah.
Sherlock breathes against John’s scalp.
“What a fracas.”
He hears John suck a breath in through his nose, let it out again, quavering, raw.
I love you.
I want to help.
He pulls back gently, looks up the length of John’s body, and freezes.
John shrugs.
Sorry.
She was a widow.
John buries his face in Sherlock’s neck, and holds on tight.
Lestrade’s people do finally show up, and Sherlock is carted into an ambulance. John rides along, hovering in one corner and dutifully keeping a proper distance to let the medics do their work.
Sherlock does it again, and that is when John’s hand shoots out to snatch his wrist.
#Coming Untouched
A date, you know.
“Weather did not permit, Love.
“Yeah, I talked to Mycroft.
“Okay?”
And this throws John a bit.
You want me to…”
Thought you hated the shops.”
“Been better.
“How did what make me feel?”
okay.
That could result in him refusing to share Sherlock’s bed, or worse yet, deciding he wants to go back to London, and Sherlock had not been exaggerating when he’d told John that he is lost without him.
“What?
We can talk about it later.”
“Oh no, I…
Well, so sorry for caring that you might be in danger.
“I didn’t text back.
“You need me?”
“Stob the cab.”
“Alright.”
“You’ll hurt your hands.
He feels more confused than anything, and not just at Sherlock’s behaviour, unprecedented as it is, but by the overwhelming force of his reaction, the burning, yearning, desperate hunger it seems to have stirred.
“I didn’t know.”
Sherlock sighs, and John smiles.
“Last year Frank Murray became a client.
Sherlock’s tone is fond.
Details are helpful.”
Sherlock can hear the defensiveness in his own tone.
Tread carefully.
His fingers are making their way into the curls wrapped around the shell of Sherlock’s ear.
They won’t be going anywhere.
He smiles into Sherlock’s hair.
I want you to know that.
“I want you to tell me why you, who are a soldier, who has seen men be injured, seen men die, presumably men you valued as friends, why you have been so horribly affected by one case gone wrong?
Sherlock steps in front of him as he reaches for the door.
Just give me a minute to get used to the idea.
Sherlock buries his warm face into John’s cool neck, and relishes in the way John lets out a deep sigh, every ounce of tension draining from his body.
“Eyes facing me, Sherlock.
Because nothing makes sense, and there’s nowhere to hide from it.
“Not supposed to until the ceremony.”
Fantastic?
John chuckles softly.
Bathing Rosie will likely wake him, which is regrettable, but selfishly Sherlock hopes to see him a little after almost an entire day without.
“Of course, John.  Why would I have said so, if I didn’t?”
He straightens his tie, clears his throat.
John huffs softly.
There are dark rings under her eyes.
When I looked up at him, confused, I realised that he was as stunned as I was.
John already has a small pile of split wood on the ground beside him, and he continues to split log after log with one deft blow after another.
Sherlock yawns.
And so he does it again, and again, and keeps doing it until they both drift.
Jesus, I’m sorry.”
Sherlock looks up, more grateful than he can say.
“Getting a bit philosophical in your old age, I see.”
Dr. Watson.
Sherlock says without turning around, and John does, reaches down to palm himself through his trousers.
He rests his chin on his knees.
“How long do you have the carer for Watson?”
That is the rather horrible thing about feelings.
He feels Sherlock smile against his chest.
Fuck!
He hears John sniff and swallow tightly in the dark.
He just says it (
Okay.
It gives too much away.
And John has no argument for that, so he kisses Sherlock instead—lazy, deep and sweet.
That about it, then?”
Love listening to you play.
Oh, we’re going to do something about that.
They confirmed her story.
He can hear Sherlock’s confusion at the change of subject.
“It gets cold.
His nose brushes against Sherlock’s.
To John’s surprise, large, warm hands lock over his wrists, raise them over his head, and pin them to the wall.
was supposed to be a world class genius.
Couldn’t.”
“He was duty round master that night.
Sherlock reaches out and takes the glass, and tilts it up to clink against John’s.
Half whisper, half murmur, and the sound and sensation sinks into John’s very bones, courses through his veins, sets every inch of him aflame.
You always this difficult?
John huffs wetly into his hair, and Sherlock looks up, pushes up, and pulls John against his chest.
“Actually…”
It comes out stronger than he anticipated, and John finally glances over his shoulder, brow furrowed.
There is a man leaning up against the wall outside the door.
“And I’ll see you at supper.
John shakes his head.
“What is it to you?!
He pulls back, and looks up at him, brow furrowed.
“I’m sorry…” Sherlock manages, and hopes John knows—not only for this, for everything.
He sees now.
You are the bravest man I’ve ever known.”
After a moment he stirs a little.
You were more—responsive than I’d anticipated, and I panicked.
“Yes.
He should.
So thanks, buddy.
“No,”
“You must be Sherlock.”
John huffs slightly at the impact, and then grins.
“Shoes off at least, though, yeah?”
He moves around behind Sherlock, and helps him shrug out of it, before taking it to a small closet Sherlock hadn’t noticed in the short corridor to what he assumes to be the loo.
“I’ll mark my calendar.”
Their combined weight is grounding, and Sherlock needs grounding, because John has drawn closer since he climbed back into the bed.
John swallows, rubs at his thigh.
It’s a good idea.
Sherlock does his best impression of shocked and appalled, and John laughs.
A landlady who is more generous and tolerant than she has any business being, and even—an extra bedroom upstairs, if you were so inclined.”
He sounds almost defensive.
“Hey, I’m coming in, okay.”
He could have had him.
I want this.
I don’t do well when I feel like I can’t help.
“Been thinking about it for a long time,” John admits.
Sherlock has always had a way with her that John hasn’t.
“Good lord, what have you been reading?”
We’ll take our time.”
“I’m angry.”
“You’ll chafe this way,” Sherlock informs him, like maybe John’s changing a tyre for the first time, and Sherlock’s telling him not to tighten the lug nuts too tight.
“John.
Sherlock moves on to the next button, and the next.
She parts the curtains with the back of her hand, and stares down at the early evening bustle.
Mycroft had warned John, called him well over a week ago from Požarevac (even though Sherlock had wanted it to be a surprise).
John steps in front of him, and reaches up to loose Sherlock’s scarf.
“You’re mad.”
“I want to get it out of the way.”
I did so much it terrified me, and—it was too fast.
Touch yourself.
He sounds small, and slightly defensive and John knows he needs to…
We should then.”
I’ve not said…”
He blinks, nods, and John smiles again.
So far we haven’t lost electricity, and if we do we have the stove, and the fireplace in the bedroom, and the cooking is gas.
John huffs out a laugh, his eyes dropping and his cheeks somehow going even redder.  “Was really. Wanted to take it slow. Work up to it. Was okay in the end, but go easy on me, okay.”
“Of course.”  Sherlock rubs his free hand soothingly up and down the length of John’s thigh.  “Tell me when you want more.”
Rosie falls asleep early, in the middle of the lounge carpet surrounded by her duplo, and her new books, and the plush tiger that Mrs. Hudson gave her, and once John carries her up to bed, and tucks her in, there are Christmas drinks in the lounge, and Mrs. Hudson and Margaret sharing the story of how they met, and the long, winding history of their friendship, and there is Sherlock and John sharing their own story, and then all of them pouring over the house’s history, and the letters, and paintings, and photos William and James had left behind.
Highly suspicious.”
Sherlock does, and hates himself for it.
You’re bored, huh.
When he opens them again, John is staring down at him upside down.
He can.
“What do you see?”
How can you be sure?”
Will tell you if—if I need to stop.”
He’s still high off everything they’ve just shared, and here they both are, ruffled and sated, and about to be escorted to the bloody palace, by Her Majesty’s Secret Service. Oxytocin and adrenaline battle it out in his veins.
You need to slow down, to decompress.
“Why?
That’s good, isn’t it?
Sherlock is breathing hard, like he’s just run a marathon, and maybe he has in a way, maybe they both have.
“Think you’re feeling better.”
“Right.”
“If you’re quite sure.
Almost there.”
You gonna let me watch?”
There is no shirt beneath, and Sherlock is getting a breathtaking glimpse of bare chest.
John doesn’t have time to dwell on it, because Sherlock’s hand starts to move, and his head starts to bob, and his mouth is hot, and wet, and the suction he’s providing is just abso-fucking-lutely right, and John realises with a jolt, that he is much closer than he’d realised, and that it’s not going to take much, much of anything at all before he…
Sherlock finally whispers.
I drink too much when things get tough.
And now, to top it all off, he’s fishing for—well, he doesn’t know what for, but the fact that Sherlock is taking it all in his stride, seemingly unbothered, seems a small miracle.
I wager you’ll be the making or the breaking of Sherlock Holmes.
“That therapist I mentioned.
John is shaking everywhere.
“You don’t have to do this.”
Sherlock’s shoulders drop.
Your favourite.”
He can’t breathe.
“Thought you said this Victorian murder mystery dinner thing was all last minute.
“You’d be surprised.
“I can’t take it back.
You clean now?”
It’s possible.
It’s all fine.
“What, just sit here?”
“Mm.”
If you can just give me until the end of next weekend.
He almost regrets posting now.
Jesus.
Maybe she regrets it.”
I suspect few, if any, are accurate.
Come on.”
You could have told me.
“Yeah.”
“What are you doing?”
Sherlock feels a rush of gratitude.
“Then you need to try harder.”
Nasty business, that.”
This will help.”
“Werther can drag is pasty old arse a few streets over.
“I—I can’t.
Sherlock does look pale and shaken, and the doctor had said…
John thinks about it for a moment.
He’s surprised at the calming effect it seems to have.
His hands are thrust deep in the pockets of his coat, and his posture is military stiff.
Everything has been different.
John feels dizzy.
He saw an opportunity, took it, and thought he would get away with it, but there was one thing he failed to anticipate, because it was the one thing he could never really understand.”
It will never be what it was, but perhaps it could be close.  Perhaps it could be this—whatever this is, and Sherlock thinks that might just be enough.
“It’s quiet.
Are you ever going to tell me what any of this is about?”
That Sherlock trusts him enough to get all the way to this point without any real clarity on what may be asked of him—it stuns John.
“Did you miss me when you were gone?”
John rolls away onto his back, and stares at the ceiling.
“I am no one’s tool!
“In the moment?
Okay, then.
“Hmm?”
I almost considered not inviting her to the wedding over that.”
John looks down at his hands, small and safe in Sherlock’s, and he forces the words over the lump in his throat.
Sherlock lifts the gun a little as it to reinforce the upper hand he clearly doesn’t have.
He stares down at his phone, and waits.
“Depends on what you think I’m suggesting, Soldier.”
“And what’s that?”
John takes the proffered hand, shakes once, firmly.
He looks so desperately eager John thinks he couldn’t say
This isn’t something for tonight, and then…”
He strips all the way down to his pants, and then pauses, looking at Sherlock, waiting for orders.
now, bearded, tear-damp cheeks, trembling hands, hands that are touching him—everywhere.
John’s fingers rub against his scalp.
They pull up, and their car is whisked away.
The front door is locked, so he rings the bell.
He looks down at their joined fingers and has to fight the bite he feels in the corners of his eyes.
It takes all his self-restraint to not reach down and palm himself through his trousers.
There is an undercurrent of fear to his tone, that shores up John’s courage even more.
“Right, right.”
Sherlock lifts his eyes from the cuffs of his shirt, to see Rose bobbing up and down on her toes in the doorway, the delicate layers of her pink chiffon skirt flouncing up and down like the petals of a flower.
Whatever happened they think it was last night, but they found the victims this morning.
“If you want me to.”
He stands up and reaches for the plate.
But Sherlock just slides his hands up under John’s jumper, and rolls over, pulling his body atop his.
Simply not hungry.”
“I want to hold you, when…”
Don’t.”
Sherlock shivers.
“And that is not your fault.”
“You remember, don’t you—the first night we met?”
Sure.
I’ll pack you a bag.
I didn’t know.
“Look at me,” John murmurs.
He has his fist tucked under his chin.
He looks stricken for the briefest of moments, before his usual facade of barely-maintained control snaps back into place.
Look.”
“I’m not an addict.”
Sherlock whispers from behind the cage of his fingers.
“You okay?”
), wants to, wants to simply
He’s hungry, and slightly terrified, and he doesn’t want to stop.
Some of the other professors look uncomfortable.
It is.
John nods slowly, accepting it.
#love confessions, #internalised homophobia, #mild past infant death reference, #post S3, #canon divergent.
“Didn’t say that.
John pulls his legs up to make room, and Sherlock sits down.
breathes in, rubs his cheek along the side of his head and breathes out against the shell of his ear.
“Sherlock you
Wasn’t that the threat?”
“And flattery will get you everything, so what do you want, mm?”
John stares up at the bare tree branches joining and softly clicking above their heads in the soft breeze.
Sherlock moans deep, and feels John’s cock throb.
“Bit odd this.”
Christ, even I probably have a drink or two too many sometimes, and don’t you dare tell my sister I said that.
He can hear John humming in the kitchen.
“See the sea.”
Perhaps not the wisest use of their funds, but what is the point of money if one can use it to spoil the people they love.
“You should tell me to stop.”
“I didn’t mean to—rub up on you like that.
He pulls out the Crosby, just as Sherlock returns with the turntable and a small set of speakers and sets them down on the coffee table.
“Doctor’s orders.”
“You do support her.”
Can I ask you something?
He Googles Rossetti.
“Well, how would you define it?”
When you came back I thought I hated you, but really, I think I hated myself for never seeming to find the courage I wanted to find.
There was a doctor, a good one.
John smiles down at him.
John sniffs.
Thought this Adler woman was in some sort of danger.”
The thing is mocking him now.
“I’ll just give it a minute.”
Sherlock toes off his own shoes, snatches the small torch from John’s hand, and dashes for the wall.
He sets about making some peppermint tea, and when it’s brewed, returns to the loo and knocks on the door.
John huffs out an exhausted laugh.
“Well, I can’t help it if you can hear my thoughts, now, can I.”
It’s barely a whisper.
He should help him, but selfishly he’d rather let John struggle, pressed up against his body, and breathe in his scent.
Sherlock cocks a brow.
It’s been inconsistent since he got home.
John knows it’s necessary.  Sherlock knows that. But that doesn’t mean he has to be happy about it.  And it’s not sustainable, and it’s not conducive to his healing, and so Sherlock begins to formulate a plan of his own.
John is weary enough just existing, he doesn’t need the added stress and strain of Sherlock’s mad dashes into the unknown.
Sherlock gets to his feet, trying to fight off the sour feeling twisting in the pit of his stomach.
I know what hair dye smells like, and you did a bloody poor job of covering it up.
John stares down at the large envelope in the TNT delivery man’s hand with a scowl.
It’s a bit of a deception, really.
Honesty seems best.
“Because sometimes you don’t realise you don’t want to do it until you are in the middle of it, and then you don’t know how to say stop.
Perhaps he can find some stocking stuffers for Rosie.
Sherlock frowns down at his cock.
“I suppose there’s no use on asking you where we’re going?”
Sherlock lets him go.
“I did say.”
“Listen, just—just forget it.”
“Do you know what I think, Mr. Watson?
Bit old fashioned, bit eccentric, filled to overflowing with clutter, but homely.
“Living.”
Sherlock sighs, and crumples her note in his fist.
He looks up at Sherlock.
He sees her catch on.
He’s breathless and panting, as he skids to a halt mere inches away.
“Yes.”
That’s all.”
Sherlock strokes a thumb over his temple, and massages in slow, soothing circles.
“It was me punishing you.”
“Yes.”
The focus of the tactile aspect will be an attempt at triggering
He kisses him again, and again, tastes the salt of his own tears mingling with the sweetness of Sherlock’s mouth, and suddenly he’s a desperate, clinging, frantic ball of need, all over again.
You can be honest, John.”
Quite possible.
“Oh.”
This garden?
Ridiculous.
“Uh, thanks for the response to the video I posted the other day.
Mycroft leans back in his chair, visibly relieved that Sherlock seems to be giving the situation the weight he feels it warrants.
He was one of ours, until he decided to branch out on his own.
He’s eager, aching (
His lean, hairless chest is exposed.
Was a bit monotonous for awhile.
Sherlock unfurls slowly and turns.
“Still…”
Sherlock looks like he’s just been punched.
Sometimes he thinks he should worry about how much Sherlock’s smart mouth can turn him on.
What about all of you, what are you triggers, what floats your boat, and what turns you off completely?
Money?
Sherlock is shivering again, and John walks over and leans against the car beside him, reaches out to lay a hand on his back, and is surprised when he responds by sliding over and resting his head on John’s shoulder.
“There you are.
He drops head, and lifts a hand to rub at his eyebrows.
“Ta.”
He isn’t moving at all.
Sherlock frowns, and tucks his hands under his thighs, where he can press the tingles from his fingers in peace.
They’re what matters—them together.
Tenderness is difficult for him now that he has opened himself, and laid himself open, so raw and exposed, to Sherlock’s regard.
“Mmm.”
‘Holmes’ & Watson’s Apiary and Detective Agency’.”
John grins.
He turns his head a little to bury his face in John’s hair.
Sherlock nods.
“I wouldn’t.
“We tracked him as far as Berlin, and then lost the scent.
His eyes spill over.
John asks.
I’ve never even seen his face.
Sherlock winks and John grins.
He hears a hurried shuffling and then John’s footsteps fall in behind his.  And there is a kind of comfort in it. It is a little like old times, he thinks, those first heady, half-mad days, when John would have followed him straight into the fires of Hell if he’d so much as hinted he desired it.  It feels a little like the pieces falling back into place, all the trials, and pains, and missteps of the last decade slowly starting to set themselves to rights.
It is freezing cold, but neat, and tidy, and homely.
John remembers to breath, but just, and it’s quick, and shallow.
“What?”
Sherlock stares across the cluttered office to a chair under the window.
The door to his bedroom is closed.
He strains for any sound, but hears nothing but the distant dripping of water, and the creaking and buckling of the metal roof out in the warehouse.
He’s dreamed of the salt-sweet of John’s cock against his tongue.
Well, come in then.”
“Don’t you dare be quiet.
“What you’re thinking.”
I just like to get a feel for the lay of the land before our first session.”
“I’m Martha Hudson, dear.
Please note that this chapter got a little sexy, and so I've raised the rating of the story from Mature to Explicit.  If that or the added tags mentioned below are not your cup of tea, feel free to skip.  I will always mention in the author's notes if a chapter is going to be explicit.
“I didn’t expect us to move here right away, John.
He curses himself as he curls up small under the covers and tries not to think about how perfect the evening had been, and how very much he’s just…
“What’s she got to do with anything.
Mostly my unwillingness to acknowledge any of it.”
John turns, suddenly, looks up at him.
“It’s more than alright, and I very much hope you are not planning on stopping, because I’m not…”
Sherlock squeezes his hand.
So yeah.
Sherlock chuckles, and John smiles.
“Here, give me that.”
Besides, it’s £80 per one hour session, so…”
John laughs outright.
Sherlock sits, but he doesn’t want to.
John nods.
You’re saying Jack’s the one making his brother sick?”
He looks down at it, brows knit, and then back up at her.
His brother was a dick.”
But that’s not really what you want, either—is it?
His mouth waters.
I want to.”
He suddenly wants John Watson out of his bedroom, out of his flat, out of his life, because he has been lying to himself these last few months, he realises.
It is all so new—to both of them, and John has never been this way with him before.
Sherlock brushes past him.
I must have still been unconscious.
Wouldn’t take no for an answer, from what I understand.”
Do with me what you will.
I’m not saying I didn’t want it.
“Been curious about the ASMR stuff.
It was so stuffy, and so…
Angelo brings them a bottle of wine, and a small candle for the table.
He rolls over.
Sherlock does as he’s told.
The emerging sun is surprisingly warm.
It takes a moment or two to work out the where, the how and the who.
“We can do that too, if you prefer.”
Sherlock’s heart is racing like a small, frightened bird, and John worries sometimes, when they are together, when they are intimate, if Sherlock’s heart really should be undergoing so much stress and strain.
She doesn’t say anything.
He thinks about his family.
I—I just find myself horribly ill-equipped to…”
“No, I believe today is Mrs. Hudson’s day to go to the shops, and then out to lunch with Mrs. Turner.”
That has to count for something, he supposes.
That understood?”
He hates himself.
You don’t run off on your own, and leave the rest of your men behind.
“I’m very bad at this,”
“I’m sorry.”
“You sure?
It needed to be done so that Sherlock could go home again without the ever present spectre of Moriarty casting its bleak pall over everything that home had come to mean.
It does intrigue you?”
John kisses him before he can finish.  It’s not heated, but it’s not exactly chaste either.  It’s the sort of kiss where intentions can’t be mistaken.  It’s a question and an answer all at once.
What would John do if Sherlock were to give in to the demands of his body, surge forward, nuzzle, palm, mouth, lick, swallow him down?
He drops the clothes he’s holding to the floor, and strides over to John’s side of the bed, takes John’s arms gently in his hands, and lowers him back down to the mattress.
He sucks in a stuttering breath and squeezes.
I got fat.”
Sherlock uncurls a little.
He dips down, braces his hands on either side of John’s head, and kisses him, slow and deep.
John frowns.
“Definitely flattery.”
John whispers in warning, but it’s too late.
Sherlock’s eyes fall shut.
Tell me or things are going to get interesting.”
“You sleep okay?”
“Guilty as charged, and noted for next time.”
Lestrade is leaning against the door jamb to his office, paper cup of coffee in hand.
If he focussed, really focussed, or whether it’s like flow, something that just happens, where focussing on it makes it skitter away, back into the shadows, elusive.
You don’t have to wait for me.”
John’s eyes fill.
There are so many answers to the question that Sherlock doesn’t dare voice.
They’re in West Sussex, and Sherlock had swore up and down that morning, that Jack Ferguson would be somewhere in these woods, and yet—here they are, and there’s nothing but birdsong and the soft rustle of leaves.
He feels John smile against his chest.  “Mm. Feeling's mutual. Was very good of Donna—being murdered like that.”
Mrs. Roundhay presses her hands together and casts a sidelong glance at the young man beside her.
“Well—good.”
But yeah.
Maybe—maybe something a bit more than that.”
And John thinks he rather likes the sound of that.
Big, fine-boned.
And when she frowns in confusion and just the slightest hint of apprehension, he goes in for the kill.
The corner of his mouth twitches, and John huffs in wonder and disbelief.
You must promise to tell me if it becomes too much, and we will stop at once.”
I want it.
His ears strain for the sounds coming from downstairs—the opening of cabinets, the clinking of glasses.
John is fuming.
His phone is buzzing on his desk.
Sherlock just shrugs, and there is no way that John could have registered the non-verbal response, but he sighs anyway.  “Maybe I should start making you clean them, mm?”
Sherlock doesn’t need any more invitation.
It had been a shock.
“I would rather forego the pleasure, if you don’t mind all that much.”
Sherlock.
“A risk taken, and a happy outcome.”
You sure?”
“Bed?”
I know, John, and it’s fine.
You okay?”
Another unseasonably fine day, it seems.
“Let me stay.”
He walks away from the roof’s edge, away from them both.
Sherlock palms him again, and he arches up into the touch with a groan.
After I got shipped home.
John, I…”
As long as you got the other person off, you were golden, but when you love someone…”
We can walk there.
His lips part like maybe he wants to say more, but they close again, mute, his eyes dropping down to his lap.
“Y’like that.”
Birds singing.
He’s watching the ducks.
“Be what you…”
But he seems to rein himself in.
He’s only reached the third button of his shirt when John is spinning him around, pushing him against the wall, and overwhelming him like the surge of an oncoming flood.  Sherlock hears the glass covering the art on the wall behind him crunch a little. He pulls back enough to let it fall to the floor, and then gives as good as John, crowding forward and pushing him up against the closed door of the wardrobe beside them.
It gives him time to look, to file away all the tiny details that make up the man in his arms, to drink his fill in ways he never could if John were awake.
He wants to tell him it’s alright, but it really isn’t.
Sherlock nods toward the bed.
“Why do I get the impression you’ve decided you no longer like me?”
Sherlock pushes past John and dashes into the darkness.
but it’s close enough for Sherlock to relax into it.
Was bored, to be honest.”
I—I was stupid.
“Why don’t you go make yourself at home in the lounge, John.
He sucks in a breath through his nose, and shifts his hips a little, tries to ignore the way his own body responds to the memory.
And so he cries.
“Knew you’d be so good if we were ever together.”
“Hair pulling,” Sherlock blurts almost before the question is out of John’s mouth.
“Don’t be ridiculous.
“Oh, for heaven’s sake.
He pressured me to date him for years, and then finally outed us to Bren’s parents when we were 18.
Sherlock motions between the two of them, somehow trying to sum up whatever it is he has felt between them from the very moment they met.
Dance with me.”
Now, what’s the news?”
The faucet turns on and then off again.
Did they have you on any medications.
He shakes his head.
Okay.”
Christ, I was so far gone, I don’t know.
His phone vibrates in his hand, and he eagerly pulls it into his line of sight.
John sniffs, and lets Sherlock tangle their limbs, and pull him closer.
He sets the glass down on the tea table beside him.
His eyes are swimming, and his breathing picking up.
Yeah.
“I just mean, do you foresee yourself wanting to cuddle as well as be cuddled?”
He can feel the pleasure mounting, even with the still, firm pressure of his hand.
“What we did before.
“Was just unexpected.”
“Remember the scratches on Hayes’ neck?”
“The toilet and my bedroom are down there.”
“Why not?”
He waits a moment, waits for Sherlock’s body to relax and take him.
“Shit.
“They're knickerbockers, John, and I got them at the National Theatre Costume Hire Store on Brixton Road.”
There’s a plastic cup on the side of the tub that John just assumes Sherlock uses to rinse his hair when he washes it in the bath, and he snatches it up, plunges it beneath the surface, and then brings it up again, pushing himself up on his knees in an attempt to dump it over Sherlock’s head, but slips instead, and topples against his chest.
I mean, I think he’s a proper genius.
“All you needed to do was ask.
Down.
“I know.”
Sherlock smiles, half drunk on pleasure.  “I see.”
So what did I do in this fantasy?”
His fingers are digging into Sherlock’s hips and arse so hard he’s sure it will leave a string of lovely bruises, and the thought of it simply turns him on more.
Before everything, and I need you to know that you still are, that you’ll always be, and I need you know…”
People underestimate him until it’s too late, until he sucks in a breath, stands at attention, clenches a fist and barks out an order.
“Amongst other things, yes.”
John’s breath catches, and so he keeps going, drags the tips of his fingers up his forearm, down again.
Sherlock’s eyes go wide.
He blinks up at him as he comes in, graces him with a small, sad smile, and so Sherlock shuts off the lights in the bedroom as well, undresses down to his pants in the dark, and crawls into bed.
John flips the sandwiches, and Sherlock’s stomach growls at the sound of sizzling butter and scent of fried cheese.
So far he hasn’t seen a single vehicle.
“Right.”
He sniffs, and then suddenly gasps.
Sherlock’s eyes burn.
Sherlock mumbles, and Rosie laughs.
“Well Holmes, shall we be off then.
“Fine.
“I love you.
“Yeah.”
Want to be your partner.”
Please note that this is the chapter where Sherlock recalls what happened to Victor, so please be safe.  I have gone into as little detail as possible, and it's more Sherlock relaying, quite plainly and succinctly what happened to Victor, and then, in more detail, how it affected him (Sherlock) emotionally.
I—I should have been more careful, not gotten so distracted.
Sherlock’s voice breaks, as he presses gently with a single finger.
“Don’t you dare move.
And the food was good, the music coming from upstairs, gorgeous, so I’ve just kept going.
His hand slips over Sherlock’s knee, and when he squeezes Sherlock feels it all the way to the tips of his toes.
The tone is petulant, but a little curious, too, John thinks.
Your father’s here, and I’m going to get you down, safe and sound.
“I’ve noticed you don’t have your cane today.
John smiles.
You took the brunt of the blast.
John huffs softly.
I just can’t—deal with her when she gets like that.”
The beds have been made up in their absence, Sherlock notices, as they enter.
I concede your point.
“Your only child has disappeared, your hopes, your future, and yet…
“Yes, I know.”
“What?”
Fatherhood continues to be a challenge, and he’s been tired, and anxious for months.
He smells of bracing evening air.
Sherlock ignores the last of them, as the office door swings open revealing a duo of raised voices, that of the Duke’s personal secretary, Mr. Wilder, and the very red-faced, and very agitated current headmaster.
She doesn’t strike me as the sort who would kill her own child just to spite his father.
He slams into a particularly narrow opening with a grunt, forces himself through, and then gasps as he suddenly finds himself in a vast expanse, the meagre light from his phone finding nothing but thick blackness.
Sherlock is gorgeous, all long, lean limbs, and pale flesh.
He tries to imagine the man he had met earlier in the day sitting down and writing such a list.
Sherlock grins.
I have my use perfectly in control.”
In an hour then.”
The sun glints off the rain soaked lawn, glitters in the naked branches of the trees overhead.
“Don’t tell me what I like.”
“Miss Hudson?”
“I'm sorry.
“Okay.”
“I had heard there are certain benefits to marriage.”
“Lovely.”
“Yes.
Sally sniffs, and leans back.  “You’re doing that thing.” And when he scowls,  “The panic thing. Stop worrying. We’ll find him.  They’ve brought in MI5 on this.”
John chuckles.  “The one that’s going to make us both smell like sex.  Might even result in some later, if you’re up for it.”
“Yes.
“I’m going to go start a fire in the bedroom.
“What are you playing at?”
This is the last of the chapters I had pre-written, so the wait between chapters might be a little longer after this.  Apologies.
“Ahh.”
Somehow I always find a way to—not.”
There is so much he wants to say, but John needs—normality now.
“Yeah.”
“I believe you still haven’t told me the whole of things, but perhaps it doesn’t matter.
“What?” from inside the cage of his arms.
However, I would be remiss in my professional duties if I didn’t at least mention the fact that repeatedly exposing yourself to dangerous, life-threatening situations, though it may make you feel more alive in the moment, can exasperate the very things you are trying to heal.
Sherlock finally dares to ask.
“Yeah?  Well that was good of her.”  John goes back to quietly washing dishes.
“Wha’s wrong?”
They’ve started to find their stride this week, to discover a familiar and pleasant sort of choreography and routine.
“But, to be fair to myself, it is my
But John doesn’t stop, instead, once Sherlock has settled, he wraps a hand around the base of Sherlock’s cock, and begins to add long pulls to the bobbing of his head, and the swirling of his tongue, and the building suction he adds as he pulls almost all the way off, only to plunge back down again.
He motions for John to come closer so he can speak unheard, and so John leans up and over the table, lets Sherlock murmur in his ear.
“I mean vanished between one camera point and another.
You’re fine.”
But Sherlock’s tongue is working miracles, his hands, those big, gorgeous, talented hands massaging John’s buttocks as his tongue strokes, and tastes.
John wipes at his eyes again.
John’s eyes are closed, mouth slightly parted.
Never on a case.
“Shall I start us off, then?”
The door cracks open.
“Had never been.”
And it’s Sherlock who goes up to check on Rosie, and make sure she’s still sleeping, before doing the round of the flat, shutting everything up for the night, and then slipping into bed and pulling John into his arms.
John’s head snaps up.
“You told me from the start that you didn’t do those things.
Sherlock explains.
“First things first.
“And yeah, you might resent me, and if you do, I’m sorry for that, Sherlock.
“Like I mentioned in my first video, I only met him a few days ago, and by ‘met’, I mean that I was turned on to his YouTube channel by an old friend, and I’ve been answering some of his surveys and helping him with his research, and we’ve been chatting a bit.
And now—now I’m glad it wasn’t.”
John finally manages.
Sherlock takes it from him, squirts some of the
Sherlock looks wrecked.
He’s finding a rhythm.
One more thing that’s changed.
I just love you.”
At least he’s pretty sure that’s what it is.
You were both kids.
He’s grinning.
Because they’ve been teetering on the brink of this thing for years, and it had become painfully obvious over the last few months that they were at a tipping point.
Sherlock lets him.
John smiles.
If only hearts and relationships healed so easily…
“I’m sorry this took me so long,” John murmurs after several minutes have passed.
There’s a pop.
money.”
Sometimes Daddy makes me one if I’ve been a good girl.
When Sherlock says nothing, he continues.
“You were fine.
This flat.
“We found the car.”  Greg informs him.
“I love you,” he says low and sure into the quiet room.
He imagines, for a moment, what it would be like to have Sherlock there with him, both of their seed mingling, pressed between their warm sated, bodies.
“Please.”
John stares up at him.
“You’re entitled to think what you want.”
Sherlock takes a step into the room, and nods to the small lump under the desk.
“I’ve told you, wasn’t you who put me there.”
John stares down at himself, stomach, chest and hand covered in come.
Guess I’m wondering if I’m a bit of a freak, or if this sort of narrow focus is normal.
“You sound—amused.
Wholly naked, even though he has only removed his shirt.
“Breathe, Sherlock.”
And there’d still been nary a mention of meeting up with their supposed clients.
“Should I tell them, Dear, or would you like to?”
This is Sherlock, he reminds himself.
“Ahh well, that is as far as we’ve gotten so far, I’m afraid.
He would have been on the tube at the time.
“What?”
Sherlock walks across the room, sits, and John sees a flash of familiar, velvet brocade wallpaper behind him before he lays down, curls an arm under his head, and sighs.
Sherlock cocks a brow and leans back in his chair.
It’s okay if you don’t want to tell me.”
Yeah.”
Look at the surrounding area, John.
It is likely he fell asleep immediately after orgasm which means that…
Good.
“Okay.
The cottage is warm, and inviting, and John sets about making them cheese toasties, and tomato soup from a tin.
New voice.  This face is different.  Moriarty?  No.
John’s head drops and he flops back onto the lawn beside him.
“Never opened last night.
I—I’ve gotten rather carried away, I’m afraid.
“Alright.”
John fumbles between their bodies, but Sherlock catches his wrist gently in his free hand.
John insists on driving due to Sherlock’s ribs, and Sherlock directs him north out of London.
John reaches out and clamps down on his knees to stop his hands from shaking.
“Okay.
Sherlock does, and John passes him the bag of popcorn, while he scrolls through his choices on some online, streaming film service.
Sherlock eats it obediently.
He comes hard, with a shout, spills into John’s body for what seems like an age, as John mutters things Sherlock is too drunk on endorphins to catch, but which he is sure are every bit as delicious as what came before.
Had a nice set up for reading Treasure Island and then realised my mic wouldn’t reach.
Sherlock cracks an eye open.
“You cannot imagine the trouble I’ve had tracking you down.”
“That so?”
John giggles, high and almost hysterical.
“Is that what this is about?
He squeezes his arse again, slides a finger down his cleft, and Sherlock sucks in a sharp breath, awash with sensation.
Marvels in the way his body responds to Sherlock’s obvious arousal.
And for god’s sake, don’t leave the flat.
“We’ll go together.” Rosie informs him.
John swallows, and screws his eyes shut.
“Okay.
“I meant what I said the night we met, you know.
“How were the shops today, Watson?”
He thinks of things he hasn’t thought about in decades, and he feels cold, and sick, and terribly afraid, and he misses with an ache he had all but forgot.
John’s lips are warm and careful, but they feel like a brand against the sensitive skin of Sherlock’s neck, send sympathetic surges of pleasure racing through his veins to pool molten and warm in his belly.
“Perhaps?”
“A whole month!”
His phone vibrates in his pocket, and he pulls it out, looks at the alert from his bank, and then thumbs open the app.
John’s eyes snap up.
I want you both to be safe, and I—I would kill anyone who hurt either of you.”
He feels a tension come to John’s body, hates the regret in his voice.
John arches a brow.
“Come with me.”
We can…”
He feels every muscle in John’s body let loose, even those that are always tense always ready to run.
We can stop for something to eat.”
The water runs slightly red, and Sherlock wonders if maybe he did it on purpose, cut his finger so that John would have touch him, have to take onto/into his body, little bits of Sherlock’s.
He fumbles about on his nightstand for his phone and stares at the time.
But it’s not tenable.
“Bet this beats the local inn.”
“Oh.”
Sherlock sits up, gazes up the stairs.  John has been down twice to use the bathroom, on one of those occasions he had grabbed a glass of water and a sandwich, but he hadn’t acknowledged Sherlock at all.  It’s been almost 24 hours.
He shuffles into the kitchen, and fishes another out of the freezer, gets a glass of water from the sink.
Sherlock stares quizzically at the sudden change of topic.
He was my commanding officer.
This is John, too.
I can not do that again if it wasn’t good.”
“In a way.
It’s possible, likely even, that his experience is extremely minimal, perhaps even when it comes to self-pleasure.
That’s how it was.”
When they get back downstairs, Rosie propped against Sherlock’s hip, John is just heading for the stairs with a satchel slung over one shoulder, a scone in his mouth, and a travel mug in one hand.
“Your hair.”
I only bring it up because it got me thinking—about you.”
She left a decent sum.
responsibility.”
“Would you let me see you naked?”
“Hm?”
Though this chapter is a bit rough in spots, if you know me and my writing, you know this is heading toward lots of love and healing.  Always that.  Promise.
John fiddles with the kindling, stacks the wood neatly as it catches.
Sherlock kisses down the back of John’s head and rocks his hips, his toes curling against the sheets as his cock drags between John’s cheeks.
Valentine’s Day.
“This is ridiculous.”
He won’t.
“I thought that was part of the experience.
“I’ll go.
Sherlock nods.
Not bad.
I don’t know if you deserve it now.”
I’ll use the word.
John gapes at everything as they enter the expansive marble lobby and Sherlock is pleased that his little surprise seems to be so well received.
The mad bastard bought a house, and he wants John to retire here with him someday, and…
She takes up space and doesn’t apologise for it.
“This is whatever you want it to be.”
“Yeah, they’re fine.”
When they arrive at the house, Mrs. Roundhay leads them upstairs, and stops before a closed door.
“I mean, you got me all worked up before, and then fell asleep.”
“Was it jealousy that motivated him, do you think?”
“I just want to help.”
- This is the channel that inspired this story.  Originally I was going to have John be the one with the ASMR channel, but changed my mind.  ASMR Surge does amazing work, dresses and is built somewhat like John, and even has a few videos were he is unboxing military MRE kits (and wouldn't Sherlock just LOVE that!).  He never shows his face or speaks.  All of his triggers are tactile/auditory in nature and involve the manipulation of objects.  Check out
He listens as the bloke explains how his research is oh so very important, how he plans to use it in his work (whatever that is—he never says), and then prattles on for ages on the scientific theories that may support ASMR, and why further research is so necessary, and John mostly doesn’t listen, just sort of zones out, buoyed up on wave after wave of sonorous bliss.
Sherlock had not noticed.
But it still aches, hollows him out inside until he feels like me might cave in under the weight of regret, of missing John.
“Thank you.”
“Well then it seems we are both in the same boat.
It’s not.”
The man sits down and John sits a little taller in his seat, instantly on edge.
“Well, it is an election year.”
I’ll get rid of it for you, tomorrow.
Not likely with that coat.”
His face crumples.
Mrs. Hudson is good enough to take Rosie when John leaves for Acton, and Sherlock lays on the sofa in the quiet flat, and thinks about John driving across town to sell his flat, the sad little flat that never quite felt homely, never quite felt like John.
And John wants to apologise, but what would he apologise for?
John’s eyes rake the length of his body when he arrives, pausing on the waistband of his trousers, the straining buttons of his shirt, the long line of his neck, his mouth.
John huffs.
He pants.
John is staring down at his lap, picking at a loose thread on the tie of his dressing gown.
He moans, his hands suddenly everywhere, almost frantic, groaning softly, sucking in a breath through clenched teeth anytime a new wave of pleasure grips him.
“You seem interested at least.”
He shakes his head.
Sherlock looks up from the table top, and John sets the glass down, leans back to grip the edge of the countertop with both hands.
John drops his hand, reaches out, pulls him close.
He adds some logs to embers still glowing in the stove, and then goes into the kitchen and makes himself some tea.
You knit me together, and there will never be words or actions enough to let you know how grateful I am, or how profoundly I love you.”
“I’m sorry.”
John grins the grin that’s starting to become quite familiar—a little charmed, a little shy, undeniably fond.
“Of course.
“Mm, I see.”
Or would you rather we take Mrs. Hudson’s fancy car?”
He can feel all the tension of the day slowly melting from his nerves.
This chapter is nsfw.  Please not the new tag below.
I’m sort of in the market.
Dangerous games come with risks.
“Thank you.”
I”m glad we’re here.
That’s not what I’m saying.
The cottage used to be the gatehouse of a larger estate, long since burnt to the ground.  But it’s big enough for the two of them, and when they finally get settled, John on the small, fraying sofa near the hearth, and Sherlock in a nearby chair, John catches his eye, and then laughs, actually laughs at the absurdity of it all, at the brash, reckless daring, and Sherlock can’t help but think that no matter the risk, it’s all been worth it to see him smile.  He would risk it all and more again, just to see his eyes sparkle, his cheeks pink, and to see the way all the tension of the last couple of weeks slowly seeps from his bones, and his shoulders drop, and his eyes search Sherlock’s warm, and fond, and just a little bit hungry.
She is clearly thrilled by this detail, which is unsurprising as she has been going through what John has dubbed her ‘pink period’ for over six months now.
One of those late Spring days that starts off cool in the morning, but almost feels like summer by noon.
He throbs against Sherlock’s thigh, and Sherlock’s skin tingles.
“When I was a young man—I loved…
I can appreciate that,” John continues.
“Best let the doctor take these out.”
“What is it?”
Sherlock drops to his knees, and looks under the bed, John leans down to look under the dresser.
John lies back down, and reaches out, and Sherlock comes, curls into him, like nothing’s happened, and John tries not to hate himself.
“Yes.
“Of course.”
It should be embarrassing, but he’s too far gone.
He wants something modest, something out of the way, and something firmly built that can withstand the sorts of winter storms that blow in from the sea this time of year.
Sherlock reaches out and takes his hand.  “John…”
Sherlock’s voice breaks with a gasp, and enough of John’s presence of mind returns for him to realise that Sherlock is swiftly spiralling into a panic.
John’s face goes hot, and worse still, he feels a clench of warmth bloom lower down.
But maybe not when I’m thinking.”
He tries not to think about friendships gone sour over things he never understood, of apologies that had really been good-byes, of waking to cold shoulders, and an empty dorm room, and kindnesses turned to cruelty in the blink of an eye.
“I don’t know what this is.”
It was my idea to come to the zoo.
Sherlock needs to accept that.
“Do try to look interested, John.”
“If it was the truth, you would have told me.
You really should have it looked at.
his voice catches, and Sherlock throws back the covers on the side of the bed nearest to the door.
“And the door to Sir William’s office?”
Perhaps it’s the memories attached, the summer spent in the hospital after his dog died, the school insisting on special classes when he got out, Mummy pulling him out to have him tutored instead, her disappointment in him when he turned out to be merely clever, to have no exceptional talents at all, and yet still had all the
Like that.”
“Thought you hated the country.”
He’s fucking worried that he’s misread everything they’ve been doing, that meeting, finally meeting face-to-face, was a mistake.
Ella goes quiet.
“Bad memories?”
If Mycroft had wanted to off him, he could have done so a dozen times over the last few weeks.
“Mmm.”
John shrugs.
But, I don’t want a ghost, Sherlock.”
And John wishes he’d pin him down again, like he had outside.
Living with someone has a way of revealing their true nature.
Yeah.
Now finish the potatoes, and use the bloody guard.
No-no-no-no. If you don’t stop prying, I’ll
“So what do you want me to do?”
Sherlock rolls onto his back and throws an arm over his head.
“Mmm…”
He hopes that the seriousness, the fondness of his tone is clear, that John knows that ‘a great deal more’ means: family, companion, anchor,
The raw honesty and desperation in it stuns Sherlock.
He screws his eyes shut, takes a deep breath, and chastises himself for an idiot.
John’s grip on his arse tightens, and he thrusts back against Sherlock’s hand again.
Something dark and heavy lifts from Sherlock’s shoulders.
I like anything where someone reads to me, or any personal attention.
“Yes.”
John does, and his cock betrays him by starting to thicken.
He’s tired of running.
As if he ever gets important emails beyond ones telling him how much money he owes.
John lifts a wet hand to cover his eyes.
They’re red-rimmed, and they flicker away from Sherlock’s in discomfort when Sherlock stares too long, and too intensely.
“Yes.
“You are queer, John.”
There must be SOMETHING!
They spend another half hour at the rink in the middle of the village square, as their accountant continues to skate halting, boring circles around it, only stopping once to retie a skate lace.
“You’ve never had a relationship with anyone, you’ve never had sex with anyone, but you say you’re not averse to it.
“Appropriate?”
You are not required to dance at this Moriarty bloke’s every whim!”
This isn’t a fantasy.
John speaks up.
He stops in front of his bedroom door, hand hovering over the door knob.
It’s unsettling.
Might just do…”
He looks around the room a moment, before returning his eyes to John.
“So it seems.”
“Tell me you know I love you.”
John just shakes his head, and Sherlock sighs.
Bit of a tease.
“Yes you did.”
Really and truly like a walking piece of art.
Just the very last straw.
It’s a slow psychological bleeding out, but it’s plain as day, and Sherlock feels helpless to stop it.
“Need to get Rosie.”
They’re not the jewels John had tucked away and cherished for himself—icy, judgemental, punishing.
Sherlock smiles back.
He strides over to the tub, fishes the bottle of his bubble bath out of the bottom, and turns the water on.
There’s a slickness there, sweat and precome.
“You might be a tad biased.”
He sniffs in irritation.
He’d be embarrassed if he wasn’t so blissfully happy.
The corners of his mouth quirk up in an indulgent smile.
He wakes up hours later to the sound of his phone vibrating with incoming alerts.
“Hey…”
Sherlock’s hand returns in short order, cupping the rise of his arse, kneading, until it’s joined by another, and John can feel the added slickness of the fingers that tease down the cleft of his arse.
Hurry up now.
“Am I allowed to…?”
“Here, let me do that.”
“The point,” he mumbles around a mouthful, “is entertainment.
“I know you don’t—
“God you’re beautiful.”
I’m fine.
“What about you?”
“Seemed appropriate, given the circumstances.”
He stares at the centre of Sherlock’s chest for a moment, and then tilts his head forward and presses his lips between Sherlock’s pectorals.
“I just…”
Rosie’s soft breathing echoes on the baby monitor.
He’s hard, a gorgeous, long, slim line beneath his expensive wool trousers.
John lets him.
Up to you.”
Now, shh.”
But who?
We’re supposed to stay put.
Leona’s eyes fill, and she looks away across the lawn.
“You’ll continue to work together, now that you’re living together?”
The things people described experiencing, it was the first time I’d heard other people talking about experiencing things similar to what I did.
The water turns on and back off, and he returns with a fresh flannel, reaching down and tapping John’s hip.
He wants to..
Sherlock’s breath wafts soft against his mouth and then catches as John presses up, leans in, and kisses him.
“Hey, don’t do that, okay.
That Sherlock would have associated with someone like him when he was in school.
John favours the most sentimental pieces, and is always very responsive to them, whether he realises it or not.
With all the snow he’s not even sure that the shops will even be open, but he needed some fresh air, and though he wasn’t sure he wanted to brave the roads in their rental, he was more than happy to take a brisk walk.
“Today.
This Moriarty thing.”
‘We’re working on a case now.
And it’s perfect, it’s beautiful, all of it.
“I’m sorry, John.”
He feels John smile wider.
It should be off-putting, but it’s not.
He rolls onto his side and stares at his phone.
In Afghanistan it had been tears of relief, or screams of agony, or desperate pleas.
“Mmm, I’ll have to remember that.
(Yes.  He should.  He should say something.  He needs to say something.  Anything.  Just one word…)
“You have lube?”
Holdernesse bolts for the stairs, but John steps out in front of him, before he can reach them.
“I assure you, they can.”
“I know.
“Mmm…”
They go together, and John lets Sherlock examine his hands for injury, and Sherlock let’s John insist on an anti-inflammatory and pain killer for his stiffness and pain, and when Sherlock wakes the next morning to the sound of someone knocking frantically on the cottage door, it’s with his head tucked up under John’s chin, and John’s arm draped over his shoulder, and he’s never cursed an intrusion more.
Sherlock hears him swallow dryly.
Not right.
“I’ve never said so.
When he curls into a tight ball on the icy, concrete floor of his cell and weeps, it is the warmth of the fire and the site of John across from him in his broken down, damask chair that keeps Sherlock from giving up entirely.
He opens his mouth to say so.
But then, what if John is in the mood later?
You have support.
John lifts a hand to his head.
It’s together or not at all.”
Don’t worry, Mrs. Hudson washes my things.”
“We need each other.”
Of course.
Likes to mirror and mimic.
“Listen, if you don’t want to do this again, it’s fine.
John nods.
He’s overwhelmed, undone.
He stops himself, swallows dryly, and stares out the window for a moment before continuing.
“Ah, but perhaps the kissing is the beginning, the middle
“You haven’t.”
His shoulder screams at him in protest and he ignores it, thrusts his hips upward at nothing, but then realises he’s can get a little friction from the brush of his pants and trousers, and so keeps at it, and this time Sherlock doesn’t try to stop him.
John licks his lips.
Slowly.
John glances over his shoulder, making sure the man has left, and then leans in over the table.
He thinks about Ella’s admonition about a journal, or a blog.
“What are you doing?”
“Because you were projecting, and because we’re both daft that way.”
Sherlock blinks, and then turns to look at him.
I want to, but I—I’m so fucked up, and that’s not going to change, and I’m hurting you, over and over.
Sherlock comes in and sits down at the kitchen table.
Sherlock is leaning toward the camera now, elbows propped on his knees, hands steepled in front of his lips.
“Hey, for the record, I didn’t notice my meds.
It won’t happen again.”
And fate took a hand, so here we are, and we can either try to make it work for us, or—give up, I guess.”
“No.”
It’s interesting.
He clenches his jaw so hard it makes his teeth hurt.
“You—you who run an ASMR channel, ‘for science’, but who never seem to apply any of the data you collect to your work, you, who admit that it’s partially
sorry.”
Until it passes.”
