John watched as she slid the action on the gun again and a cartridge was loaded into the gun.
“All in.” He sighed.
John turned and engaged another sailor with his sword. Sherlock twisted and repelled a blow from someone else. The tide of the fighting seemed to shift. There was a loud blast of a whistle and the Vengeance sailors moved back over the rail and to their stricken ship.
“Rest in my arms. Let me feel you next to me.” John whispered back.
“Accommodating? Are you saying I could easily get a leg over? No thanks.” John scowled and glanced over at Roberta’s father. He held a cleaver in his hand as he was prepping meat for kolaches.
“Billy, go help Ryan.” The man quickly followed his partner out of the room and down the stairs. “How have you been, John?”
“It’s just routine.” The officer said. “So once again, you don’t know why he tried to hit you? You didn’t provoke him at all?”
“You are still avoiding the question!” Sherlock shouted.
Sherlock grabbed the rope and quickly started to climb. He made it above the railing then glanced down to see John dangling from the end.
John stared into Frankie’s face, looking for any sign of deception. There was none. James was dead because of a chance meeting. John was not to blame. He leaned back in his chair and took a moment to regain his composure.
Special thanks to ff_fan who helped me with the rugby terms. There is a scene that may be considered an underage sex. Skip the italic portion if you want to skip it.
“Promise me.” John said.
“Now what?” Sherlock asked.
Moriarty raised a single eyebrow and turned his head to look around the outlandish room in the futuristic house.
Sherlock gets called in to consult on a murder. Moriarty proceeds with his plan to destroy Mycroft in one of the most painful ways possible.
A big smile came to Sherlock’s face. “I couldn’t agree more with you.”
John needed to touch. He needed to feel that smooth ivory skin. His mouth moved to Sherlock’s neck. A gentle bite to the skin under the ear, then a soothing flat tongue lick to the sensitive skin. Sherlock’s body arched up – demanding more attention. John could feel Sherlock’s eagerness. His wanted. Sherlock was like an instrument that John was learning to play. And the more he learned the sweeter the music became.
Sherlock thought.
“Are you sure? You don’t want to think about that?” Greg kept facing John, but his eyes shift over to glimpse at Mycroft. “You weren’t give the gun by someone else for protection or whatever?”
“Your phone number is in his phone twice. Once under your name and the other under I.C.E.”
“You know if he had stayed, Moriarty would have killed him.”
Mycroft sighed and reached down to pick up his briefcase. “I see. Detective Inspector Dimmit, you are aware that you are required to caution Mister Watson before questioning him and allow him time to contact his legal representation.”
“John didn’t kill anyone. It was one of your men who shot Magnussen.” Sherlock snapped back.
“Why would he arrest you?” Lestrade asked.
“Johnny Boy got between my alpha and me. I had to kill my alpha. Now it is John’s turn to suffer. He will get to see you die. He will get to watch you jump off this building.”
“What?” John blinked his dark eyes.
“Studies show that omegas should not be on suppressants for prolong times. As best as I can assess you’ve been on them for at least five years, if you didn’t take them while you were training to become a doctor.”
“I will happily sell it to the highest bidder. That of course could be any one of a dozen nations, including Great Britain. But you would have to explain to your handlers how you lost the memory stick in the first place and why you haven’t informed them of the lost.”
“It would be remiss of me to not be concerned about your acquaintances with unsavory types.” Mycroft replied. He watched as John balled his fist. Mycroft took another step back, retreating from the angry alpha.
“You have a visitor now. Someone from the Metropolitan Police Department. He says he is an old friend of yours.”
“So you said that I was the reason that you had Victor murdered. But why would you have him shot?”
“SHERLOCK! WHERE ARE YOU!?”
“Unless you have coffee, bugger off.” John shouted. His hand moved to the pistol under the pillow.
“Then we can leave.”
John looked at the text message again.
John liked blue eyes and Sherlock’s eyes were a shade of blue but instead of a nice royal blue, Sherlock’s eyes were more like the pale blue of burnished silver. There were also flecks of gold and green in those limitless eyes. They were eyes that John felt drawn to, unable to resist the pull of the endless depths.
“You didn’t try and contact him?” Sherlock asked.
Victor dealt drugs. That more than doubled the number of suspects. If someone was using Victor’s murder as a message to other small-time dealers, then the beating beforehand made perfect sense. It made more sense that Victor was murdered because of drugs than John shooting him over jealousy.
John took the stairs up to the quarter deck and opened a door. They entered a room that stretched from one side of the ship to other. It was narrow with a skylight right over a long wooden table. In the backwall of the room was another door.
“Are you sure?” Lestrade asked. He was reaching for his phone.
Moriarty’s man returned to the pub. He picked up John’s suitcase and opened it. The barman saw the stranger rummaging around in the cloths and shaving kit.
“I don’t believe so.” Moran felt a wave of regret wash over him. How could he tell John what that firefight had cost him?
John straightened up and listened. His vision was still blocked by the black hood, but he knew that voice. He had heard it so many times in his dreams. If made his skin tingle to hear it again. John suddenly felt sick. Like he was going to vomit. He didn’t want to see the man again. He didn’t want it to be like this.
Mycroft shrugged his shoulders, indifferently. “I am aware of Sherlock’s general location, if not his exact whereabouts.”
“I wasn’t saying that Sherlock was the target but you, Mycroft.”
“My best interest?” He raised a questioning eyebrow. “Who is this individual?”
“Sherlock!?” John shouted but the detective just paced.
“We were close on the Maywand. We were lovers.”
“Sex outdoors where anyone can see us?” There was an unexpected roughness to Mycroft’s voice.
“I ah, just went for a walk.” John said. He turned and looked at Sherlock. Sherlock’s face was unreadable and unemotional.
Hope was making sure all the barrels of supplies he had paid for were being loaded while Sherlock was looking at the town. It was clean town and appeared to be relatively respectable. He knew if he waited until they reached Port Royal, he wouldn’t have a chance at escape at all. Port Royal was a pirate haven and no one there would be willing to help him at all. And with the supplies being loaded on, Hope wouldn’t need to stop again until they reached Jamaica. This was Sherlock’s only chance.
And waited.
“I won’t become uncontrollably attracted to this man? I won’t have to . . . sleep with him?”
Dimmit forced himself to calm down. His fingertips pulled the scattered papers back together. “He isn’t under arrest. He is not being formally questioned.”
“Are you alright?” John asked while keeping his eyes on Moriarty.
Moriarty watched as Moran’s face darkened and his teeth began to grind.
“You have your solution, Lestrade. Off you go. John and I are . . . busy.” Sherlock picked up Lestrade’s coat and handed it to the man. He practically pushed the man out of his flat.
Moriarty walked away and snapped his finger. That had been the prearranged cue. The lasers were shut off. John was safe.
“Were they close to you?” Sherlock asked.
“John, make up your mind!” Jeanette cried.
James hesitated, then handed his gun over.
“Yes. If you wouldn’t let Jefferson Hope poison me, then you won’t let your army friend make a terrible mistake and shoot me in the back of a car that is obviously his own, and not one he borrowed.”
“It was only logical.” Sherlock spoke softly.
“I want to speak to you.” The tone of his voice was firm and aggressive.
He rounded the corner and bumped into the tall blonde. Their shoulders rubbing.
“It is both. I made sure John and I bonded during his heat. It is the strongest bond that can be formed.”
John tried to not laugh. He said, “Thanks for the warning. I’ll be careful.”
“I want to see these records.” Sherlock insisted.
“It wasn’t.” Sherlock quickly contradicted.
“John is back.” Sherlock said simply.
He sunk lower in the water as his legs grew weak. Water washed over his head once then twice. He coughed as he swallowed a mouth full. Struggling again to swim on, his strength finally gave out. He fought and fought, but the chains pulled him under the water.
Mycroft looked at the bed then rushed forward to check on his nephew. The baby was sleeping calmly wrapped tightly in his swaddling cloth.
Sherlock waited until the after dark before he left his flat. He knew Mycroft’s sniffer dogs would be after him, so Sherlock moved carefully through the shadows, until he was certain he had lost the surveillance team.
~221~
“Good evening, Trudy, my love. What’s on tap?” John asked light heartedly.
Sherlock started to follow but John slammed the door in Sherlock’s face. It sounded like a gunshot. Loud and sharp. Sherlock went to the window and watched as John crossed the street below and marched off down the pavement. He wondered how long John would be gone this time. He needed to think. He needed to figure out a way to convince John to give up this ridiculous idea of joining the army.
Sherlock pulled his mobile from his pocket and typed in a message. The sound of the lift moving started immediately. The doors opened and John stepped into the car.
“I don’t remember exactly.”
“Alright, I’m ready to listen to this ridiculous explanation of yours, Mycroft.”
“Yeah?” Greg is now leaning forward.
Sherlock looked at the incoming text message.
Blackwood came running around the corner of the building and saw John leaning up against the wall. His canvas trousers torn and bloody.
“James, put that away. I can vow for him.” John said. He saw the anger in his friend’s eyes and he wasn’t sure he could defuse the situation especially if Sherlock kept talking.
“But you stayed to tell me the truth,” John said.
“Oh, God.” John whispered.
“They’ll leak.” Sherlock said.
It also concerned him, that if his brother was that intelligent and apparently set out to destroy him, then the hostilities between them was far from over. Mycroft had been able to save his career but it had cost him more than he was telling anyone. He had lost a great deal of credibility with several important individuals. Also, he had suffered personally. Not only the loss of his mother but also his friend, Elizabeth. A person with whom he had considered involving deeper into his cloistered life. He paused to wonder what else Jim Moriarty had planned for him.
“Get out, Mycroft. You are not welcome.”
“Why would I want an alpha? They are arrogant, misogynistic, narcissistic bullies!” Sherlock snapped.
“Then it is done and it is over.” Sherlock said with a clap of his hands.
“Tell me, John.” Sherlock held his breath. He truly could not deduce John’s emotions. He wanted to believe but his own desires tainted his ability to read John Watson.
As soon as Sherlock leaned back against the tub, he reached for John and pulled the omega up against his chest.
a junkie . . .”
“You would be further embarrassed. There are no drugs here, I haven’t been using, and somehow you confused John Watson for Jim Moriarty. Maybe you should consider a holiday, Mycroft. I see the strain of business is wearing on you.”
The thought made John’s stomach revolted and he twisted up into a ball. He started to shake. Moran’s anger started to bleed away as he watched John suffer. He moved across the bed and slowly started to rub John’s back.
“John said you can’t sleep for eight hours. I’m here to keep you awake.” Greg said as he grabbed a pile of newspapers off the ratty couch to sit down.
“Then you will be considered an outlaw and if another British vessel captures you, you and your pirate captain will be hung.”
“Christoph insisted. The gallery owner complied.” Greg said as took his seat again.
John gave Sherlock a quick nod then tried to concentrate on anything other than Sherlock’s face.
John quickly dressed. He had only an hour before he needed to pick his girlfriend up and get to Alfie and Judy’s party. There was always a party at their flat after a winning game. John often wondered if they lost a game would Judy simply throw all the food away or eat on it for the rest of week. He knew the alcohol wouldn’t get tossed but saved for the next win.
What did John mean? Was this unexpected? Not normal for him? Then Mycroft’s words came in like a poison. ‘
Jim Moriarty sat at his desk and was studying Sherlock in the same curious manner a small child would study a bug. Sherlock wasn’t sure that if at any moment, whether Jim would either set him free or crush him.
John’s hands reached down and grabbed at the button and fly of Sherlock’s trousers. Within seconds he had the clothes undone and pulled down to the man’s knees. John started mouthing at Sherlock’s length. The omega’s prick full and stiff underneath the silk boxers. Sherlock pulled his knees up and apart. The smell of slick hit John like a two ton lorry. He closed his eyes and fought to control himself. Want and need overpowering as the alpha struggled to not flip the omega over and take him hard and fast.
“If you had been there, then you would be dead too and no one would have rescued me.”
Mycroft held out the envelopes. “Letters of Marque as well as letters of pardon for both you and your crew. You, my dear Watson, have been working for the British government the entire time.”
“I’m here to tell you that Victor was released from custody,” Mycroft said. His demeanor shifting from ridiculing to concern with a single alteration in where he was looking.
“Look, let Eddy take you home.” Frankie offered.
“Please!” John shouted.
“But you had hoped I would be there?” She raised a questioning eyebrow towards him.
“She likes you. She would be very . . . accommodating to you.”
“Major Sholto, we are both officers. Please remember that.” John glared.
“Jim . . . John are you alright?”
“Would it have been better to be shot by some Taliban fighter in the desert? Would that appease your sensibilities?” Sherlock finally snapped.
“Interesting.” Sherlock mumbled then turned back to the watch.
Mycroft knew instantly it wasn’t Sherlock. The dead man’s hair was blond. The lips of the corpse were pulled back in a grimace and showed several teeth were missing.
“Sunday.”
“I wasn’t going to touch the dressing. I just wanted to make sure the skin wasn’t showing in signs of infection. His last gunshot wound got infected and I had to put him on antibiotics.” John said as he pulled the cloth back up over Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Implied? She down right accused me of using you for sex.” John growled. He glanced around to see if anyone overheard them.
“Your coffee table was not centered on the couch. I moved it.” Sherlock said.
“I will give you more pups. I’ll fuck a dozen into you each time.”
“Moriarty will double his attacks now that we have killed his right hand man, Moran. They will be more frequent but less surgical. He will get messy and innocent people will be hurt.” Mycroft said ignoring Greg’s eyes. “He will continue to come after us until one of both of you are dead, Sherlock.”
“Get and make sure it is loaded. Then come back up here and wait with me.”
He placed his hand out and found his coffee table. It had been moved about six inches over from where it was supposed to be.
John leaned down and placed a lingering kiss to Sherlock’s temple. His tongue tasting the slight hint of salt along with Sherlock’s sweetness. The scent of his omega warmed John and he felt a tightness to his abdomen.
Moriarty went to the edge and looked over at the ground. He turned back and smiled at John.
Mycroft hesitated. He thought it might be unwise to be waiting around for a possible assignation if the hotel staff knew he was here. Then again, he was an adult alpha without any mate waiting for him at home. He was beyond reproach in his reputation. He stepped further into the room.
John and James strolled out of the building onto the pavement. They glanced up and down the street then turned north as they blended into the crowds walking.
Normally I reply to comments on my stories. But during these first few difficult chapters I just can't. But after this one, I will be returning to my normal practice of answering everyone. Thank you for the warm and kind comments. It is a difficult subject to start with. But this will be the last chapter dealing directly with domestic violence.
“Bloody hell!” growled Blackwood. “Permission to . . .”
“Not a bus load of nuns but one or two that are willing to make a deal.”
“Kidnap is an ugly word.” Magnussen smiled. Sherlock was taken aback on how much Magnussen’s face reminded him of a reptile.
“My skull.” Sherlock reached down beside the chair and pulled a human skull out of a box.
“And if I’m not mistaken, a virgin too.” Sherlock said as he took a closer look at his new companion.
“I don’t know what you mean. I don’t know what you’re talking about, Sherlock.”
“Yes.”
“Only for few days. It is very recuperative there. You should join me.”
“Trust you to be where you shouldn’t be, McMath!” John’s voice boomed in the small cabin of the forecastle.
Several of the men, who were not shooting, stood up to welcome the major back. There were pats on the back and jokes and inquires on his health. It felt good to be back with his men, James thought. James glance at the young doctor then returned John’s smile. He could feel his skin flush slightly and suddenly he just wanted to be alone with John. He awkwardly turned to the men and asked.
John took another step back. “No, I didn’t.” Then John’s expression hardened further and his blue eyes went dead. “Nor did I tell you Moriarty’s first name or that he was a criminal.”
“No, monsieur. It is unnecessary.” But even as she said it, her fingers pulled the cloak closed over her small frame.
“Yes, sir.” Anthea said just before she closed the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, for a couple of months now.” John glanced sideways at the other bartender, Martin. “Look, I’m supposed to ask you something but . . .”
“You’ll find I’m harder to get rid of than you know,” Sherlock said.
“Yeah, what of it?” growled the man.
“He wouldn’t sell any to me. Something about fearing for his life if he did.” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively.
John smiled and stroked his fingers up Sherlock’s cheek.
“He is blackmailing your brother . . . but not you?” John asked.
“No,” John said. “It was burned to the ground. Nothing’s left.”
John meets Mycroft.
Ryan and the sneering man glanced at each other. “Boss? You know the doc?”
“I won’t tell if you don’t.” John said opening his eyes and giving a lopsided smile.
Sherlock looked up at the man. He towered over Sherlock by several inches. Barr’s white teeth were a stark opposite to his dark skin as he smiled. Sherlock stood up straight and pulled his shoulders back to give the appearance of superiority.
“I want it slow and tight.”
“How much?” Sherlock asked as he slowly stood up, using John’s body for balance.
John stepped forward. “Permission to go . . .”
“He is the teaching assistant to Crowley. According to some of the professors, he knows more about biochemistry that Crowley does.” Mike said smugly.
“You’re a doctor . . . go help him.”
‘Now.’
“If there is anything else I could do for you, Captain Hope?” Tandoor’s eyes were fixed on the bag of silver.
“Alright, sit down.” Sholto said as he glanced sideways at John.
He turned and started to fill the bathtub with water. As the faucet ran, John brushed his teeth. Then he took two paracetamol tablets. As soon as the tub was full of hot water, John carefully lowered himself in. He sighed heavily as the water started to easy the exhausted muscles in John’s body. He leaned his head back and closed his eyes.
“Well, tell me. Do you want me to touch you?”
“You are asking me? And who is we? You and Mycroft? No thanks. I’ll take my chances out there.” John continued to walk to the lift. He pressed the button but it didn’t light up. The lift was locked again. “Sherlock, for your own good, you should let me leave and right now.”
John and Sherlock looked at each other. They waited for the other to come up with the reason. The solution to Mycroft’s puzzle. Neither man knew. It was a mystery.
“I have some question I would like to ask you first Mister Holmes. Your name has come up in an investigation.”
John shook the thought away. He needed to keep a low profile right now. He didn’t need to bring attention to himself by courting an omega.
“Your family must be proud of you today, Watson,” the commanding officer said as he shook John’s hand. “Are they here? I would like to meet them.”
“Fuck – yeah, that works.” John growled.
“No reason to worry yourself, sir.” John said mechanically.
“Hello pet, your brother’s goons are right on my heels. I’ll have to collect later. You better be at your very best when I call.”
“I’m sorry, John.” Sherlock said without looking at John.
2005     John tried to be very careful about his alcohol intake. Both his father and sister were alcoholics and the fact it ran in his family made John conscious about how much he drank. He kept it to the weekends and only when he was out. He didn’t want to drink at home and never alone. The only problem with his plan was when he was out with his friends, invariably someone would call on him for free medical advice or expect him to act as a first responder to which ever idiot decided to do something stupid.
Sherlock clicked on another key and the picture of the young man came up on the screen.
White closed the note pad he was writing in and nodded back to the detective.
The ship goes down but who might be on it.
“Who?”
John struggled through his fever. He dreamed of the Mawand and Underwood. He watched as the young man Babcock walked off the back of the ship holding a cannonball. His face disappearing under the black shades of water. James Sholto’s tell him that Underwood had raped the boy.
John started to protest then looked down into his beer. “That obvious?”
“Whatever hold you think you have on my brother it is no longer of any value. I will be releasing the information about Andrew West myself.” Sherlock said imperiously.
Mycroft looked down at the document. He pressed his lips together and frowned. He wondered if he was doing the right thing. Yes, Sherlock had behaved himself and not returned to using drugs. And he was productive with Met.
A sweat bead rolled down the alpha’s temple. He licked his lips as his eyes moved quickly around the room. How could he stop this from happening? How could he rescue John? Suddenly he heard his boss scream.
“And we both know how much you hate awkward questions.” Greg stared at Mycroft.
“Hello, John.” Sherlock said quietly.
“Go to sleep, John.”
He thought to himself. An unexpected wave of protectiveness crashed into John.
John looked at the British ship and saw the gun ports opening up.
“ . . . I need you to look at me. I need to see the fear in your eyes and the knowledge you are going to die. It’s so exhilarating.” Culverton gave an exaggerated shiver. “I can’t tell you how excited I am at this moment. Waiting for what is to come next. Waiting to watch. It’s almost like . . . foreplay.”
“Or was,” agreed Mycroft.
“I mean . . . ah, sir, we are trying . . . but they are . . . they want to know . . . I could call them today . . . right now if you want.”
“He didn’t lie, he just made a mistake.” John said softly. “Sometimes things build up. And people just snap. We don’t know how much pressure he was under.”
“Why? For his safety or yours?”
Sherlock went over and knelt down in front of the fireplace. A fire had already been laid and all he needed to do was strike a match to the kindling. In seconds, the yellow glow lightened the room and heat was struggling to warm them.
“Ah, so she is not an omega.” John said as he took a seat.
Mycroft growled.
John held him for a second. He loosened his grip on the man’s waist then tightened it just as quickly. The slightly sweet tint of omega clung to the younger man and surrounded John quickly.
“I’ve got morning patrol. Zero five thirty.”
Moran paused for a moment, his attention still fixed on the alphas watching John.
“He’s an immigrant, Yuri Liski. Fifty-four and widowed. He moved here from Ukraine eight years ago. Auto mechanic. No family. No criminal record.”
“Are you going to protect the captain?”
“That’s it, Captain. All’s aboard.”
“Dimmock came here several months back. He demanded money from Sherlock or he was going to arrest us.” John said.
“Good witnesses?”
The two Holmes walked out of the hospital room, Sherlock leading the way and ignoring his older brother.
“The fucking like bunnies?” John turned and smiled. It seemed the idea of finally having sex with his extremely good looking flat mate had opened the flood gates on John’s libido.
“He was cruel and petty. He like to retaliate against anyone he perceived had wronged him. Regardless if it was true or not. John stood up to him. John convinced me to leave him. He hated John and would do anything to get John into trouble.” Sherlock explained.
“Queen Mary wishes to speak to you as soon as it is convenient for you. I did try to explain to her that you only just returned from three years of living with the natives on some desert island.”
Sherlock pushed and the two men stepped in unison towards the wall. When Sherlock had John pinned to the wall, he returned to kissing his neck.
Sherlock studied him for a moment. “If I help you solve that case will you get me access to the evidence in Trevor’s murder?”
The last third of the chapter is a scene with Sherlock and John in bed. If not your thing please skip.
It had been a profitable arrangement. Moran had millions of euros now stashed in various safe houses around the world. He did it all for John. He would finally be able to track the omega down and rescue him from where ever he might be. Moran had enough money now that the two of them could disappear. They could live out their lives with each other.
John stepped into the front room not knowing who the new person was. He was afraid it was Victor or one of Victor’s friends, there to convince Sherlock to return to the brute.
“Dr. Watson, if they were better circumstances, we wouldn’t have met at all.” She said rudely.
“Nothing.”
“Rosaleen? Spelled R-O-S-A-L-E-E-N?” Mycroft asked with a raised eyebrow.
“I wouldn’t say that.”
“Dinner? I know a good Chinese restaurant near Baker Street that’s still open.” Sherlock offered.
“How did you know . . . what you saw me there?”
Sherlock didn’t move. He stared down at his sleeping brother.
“You didn’t have to do it, Sherlock. We could have worked together. We could have protected each other.” John stepped forward and cupped Sherlock’s face between his palms as he pleaded with the man.
He stood defensively next to Sherlock. His senses on heighten attention. He scowled as he swept is eyes over the crowd once again. Feeling the electrical current run underneath his skin. He felt he was being watched. He felt exposed.
“If you are interested in remedying your virginity, let me know.” Sherlock said as his voice dipped down to a lower octave. He noticed John didn’t pull out his touch.
Mycroft waved his hand dismissing the woman as he walked quickly through the house and into his private library. He paused for a moment.
Sherlock sprinkled some the powdered sulfur into the wound then smeared the black ichthammol over the wound. He lightly laid a cotton cloth over the injury but didn’t bind it any further.
“He always berated me for my drug use.” Sherlock started. He felt John’s hand slip around his own and squeeze tightly. “He called me weak.”
“Welcome to London?” John smiled at Sherlock.
“Liar.”
“Oh, I’ll leave when I’m good and ready. The question is what will I leave with? You or a reason to forget that you were with Wilkes tonight before he passed out on the floor of a bathroom.”
“That’s it captain.” The man on the dock shouted up at Hope.
“Yes, for the nanny. Your old bedroom will become the nursery and the nanny can sleep above it in the attic.”
“But you are John. Like I said before. I can smell the change in your scent. You are pregnant.”
“Good evening, Lord Holmes. I will make sure Lord Knight is in attendance at court.”
Mycroft saw Sherlock’s lips begin to tremble.
“Jordy, you can get me out of here . . . get me to Dempsey Barracks? I need to get to John!”
James wasn’t sure if he was going kiss John or punch him in the face. He rushed forward and yanked the door open. He immediately saw the reddish-brown stain streaked down John’s torn trousers. John’s hands were stained.
“After my grievous lapse in regard to Victor, I made it a point to do thorough background checks of individuals in your life. It was the only reasonable thing to do.” Mycroft raised his eyebrows at Sherlock.
John turned off the televisions set and tossed the remote onto the coffee table in front of him. He sat on the couch as he dragged his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. The younger omega was draped across the couch with his head in John’s lap. He was sleeping. The scent of the alpha making the already physically exhausted omega relax and content. John watched as Sherlock nestled deep into his lap. Nosing at his zipper to catch any lingering scent of the alpha’s musk. John’s fingers combed through Sherlock’s curls. The strands cascading back over the pale forehead.
“I was simply acting.” Mycroft said.
~^+^~
“Please make sure he is safe.” Mycroft’s voice took on a pleading tone. “I’m afraid this is not over yet.”
John looked up and saw Sherlock staring back at him with lidded eyes. Sherlock’s face flush with desire. His curls encircled his head in a ravine halo. John was flooded with warmth and love for the younger man. Overwhelming need to care for and protect him.
Victor scowled and tossed the remained of the beer into John’s face. John set his hands on the bar, preparing to launch himself over it and at Victor, when Martin stepped up. He grabbed John’s wrist and stopped him.
John stood over Sherlock and looked down at him. He held out his hand and easily pulled Sherlock off the deck. But when Sherlock stood up, John didn’t let go his hand. Instead John’s left hand came up and gently pushed Sherlock’s wet hair back exposing a slight burn to the side of his face.
“Never.”
“And the sex?”
John punching Victor.
.  Sherlock thought. “What do you do on the ship?”
Sherlock saved his life but at what cost to them. Sherlock let Irene trick him. It was obvious that Sherlock allowed her to do so. John couldn’t imagine his bond mate could be so easily duped. As Sherlock laid on the floor struggling to get up, Irene gave a parting jab at the pregnant omega. Sherlock had looked at her naked body and took careful note of it. Sherlock appreciated her figure that he knew her measurements. It stung. The blatant insult to John’s physique. John hated her.
“Your arm looks broken, can you move it?” He asked as he crawled over the tossed backpacks and weapons outside the truck.
“No.” John almost snapped. Sherlock looked surprised. “I’m sorry . . . it just will remind me of . . .”
“I’ve missed you.” John smiled up at the detective.
“He’s nothing now!” Hyde-Dower said as he stepped back. “If he survives the trip to Germany, he will be discharged afterwards. Even if he keeps his arm, his military career is over. And if it turns out the two of you have been engaged in ‘behavior unbecoming an officer’ then he may be looking at prison too.”
Seb wrapped his other arm around John’s waist as the doctor reached up and hung his arms over Seb’s shoulders. The two men kissed again and Seb could feel John relax in his arms. John pulled back and looked into the slate grey eyes of the former soldier. Seb watched as John’s deep blue eyes softened.
He waited to see what Sherlock was going to say, but the younger man simply stared at the wall - ignoring the detective. Greg growled softly and sipped his coat back on. With is mobile in his hand, he didn’t say goodbye as he left. He was busy texting.
Sherlock waved Lestrade to take a seat.
Sherlock stopped moving. The words were simple to understand but Sherlock couldn’t grasp them.
“Less than halfway through, it quit being rugby and turned into a free-for-all. It was great fun. Hadn’t laughed that hard since . . .” John’s words died away.
Greg glanced briefly again at Mycroft then back to John. “We have finished with your flat. I’ve posted a PC there until you return. You will have someone watching your flat for the next few days until we are certain there won’t be any retaliation from Moriarty.”
“Maybe Magnussen wasn’t following the plan. Maybe he decided to take the thumb drive and blackmail both Mycroft and the person who took it originally. The person who murdered the analyst.” Sherlock suggested.
“Before Christmas. Mycroft sailed the day after I  was kidnapped.” Sherlock explained.
John’s hands flexed wanting to feel the grip of a gun. His body ached for the weight of rifle and confines of body armor.
Just then the men in the other long boat fired a musket at John and his crew.
~^+^~
“Yeah, but it’s good to keep my skills up on hand to hand combat.” Seb retuned John’s smile.
John was bunked with the other captain at the base, Mayfield. Their tent was near the communication building and the constant hum of the swamp cooler became something like a white noise machine to the two men. At zero-five-hundred, John was already dressed and waiting in the briefing room for Sholto and other men. Slowly, the soldiers filed into the room. Some taking a seat on the benches, while others hung back and looked curiously at John. There were whispers and questioning looks. At zero-five-thirty, Sholto came into the room – coffee cup in his hand. He immediately noticed John standing near the front of the room. Sholto was taken back that John not only was there before him but appeared relax and attentive. No sign of the usual anxiety of a new soldier in a combat zone.
John leaned over the boy and flashed a pen light in the boy’s eyes. They responded to the light closing the iris. John released a deep sigh and stood back.
“I know you are an expert on the bastard. You let him use you as punching bag long enough.” Again, John regretted the words as soon as he said them. He watched as Sherlock jerked away. John sagged and closed his eyes.
“They are good for fucking but not really anything else. Too fragile. Too clingy. That’s why I leave before they wake up and expect me to bond with them.” John dropped his voice to a whisper.
The kisses were messy and uncoordinated. Not what John expected but enjoyable all the same. It was as if kissing was something foreign and new to the omega. John growled at the thought he was the first to kiss the man. The first to taste the omega’s mouth.
John turned and walked back down the street. Murry, Blackwood and Hinde took up positions around the captain as they left.
Several heads turned and watched as John was led away by the police officers. John could hear the whispers and see fingers being pointed. He felt his medical career vanishing in smoke and blue uniforms.
John seemed confused for a moment. “Oh, I’m here as a doctor. Seeing a patient.”
The carriage rattled up to the curb and stopped in front of the four-story building. The windows were no longer shuttered and barred. Light could be seen coming from the ground floor rooms. The front door was freshly painted with an elegant black paint that made the brass fittings even more brilliant. Even the lamp over the front door had its glass panes cleaned.
The first day of small arms training was terrifying for John. He had never held a gun in his life let alone fired one. Initially hesitant, he picked the rifle up and followed the drill sergeant orders. When ordered to fire, John aim the rifle at the target forty yards down range and pulled the trigger. The gun jerked in his hands but he held tight and fired again as the drill sergeant called out. When they had fired the rifles five times, the scores were posted above the targets. John had two hits in the second to the smallest ring and three in the smallest ring.
John walked around the room looking at the books on anatomy, sociology, and criminal justice. He picked up a forensic periodical that was opened to paper on failure of gunshot residue testing.
John marched out pass the sandbag walls and down towards the river. It was late summer and the water was nothing more than a muddy streak across the valley floor. John walked down to the edge and sat down on the sunbaked mud. Twilight was setting and the color of the sky was changing from the bleached sky to the velvety blues before sunset. John looked up and caught the shades of blue. A silvery tint as the fingers of yellow and gold reached out from the horizon.
John allowed Sherlock to sit up, but immediately wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulled the man tight to side.
“Noth’n,” she slurred.
Sherlock wanted to scream. He wanted to lash out. Use all the cruel things he had learned to do over the last seven years and punish Moran. And horrible as it was, to even punish John for letting this happen. For letting Moran defile him. Not only John’s body but the memories Sherlock had of John.
“You keep telling me it was for his own good, but if I remember correctly, just after John left and formally enlisted you had your worse relapse ever. Six months of a drug fueled tour of England. Do you even remember any of it?”
“Job or not . . . it has been a while since I had an omega.”
“Why not?”
“Amongst other things, but yes, beautiful rose.” His assistant smile. “I decide today I was going to be an English rose today.”
~221~
“I could easily call the Met and have you arrested and go rescue John myself . . . or use you as leverage against Moriarty.” Sherlock leaned back in his chair and crossed his long legs. His casual attitude belied the anxiety he was feeling.
John watched the man for a moment longer then looked away. “I don’t sleep around. I’m not a whore.”
“Sherlock don’t push me on this. I’m going. I’m going to be an army surgeon.”
“No, I am not. You’re not going after a murderer and I’m not going to tag along with you. I’m going to the police.” John lied.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John. “Why is it important to you that I was a virgin?”
Sherlock was in his room, hunched over a table with his back towards the door, when Dr. Owens came in.
“I believe we have walked away from each other too many times already, John. I need to know how you feel. I know what you told me when we were together was real. I remember very clearly what you said the day you left . . .”
Sherlock still didn’t turn and look at the soldier.
He slipped out of his mind palace and back into the sitting room of 221B. His eyes flicked up and at the various photographs he had pinned around the fireplace. His current case and a case that would pay handsomely if he solved it. The largest photograph was of a brick wall with the graffiti that Raz had found. The stark yellow figures on the aged red bricks were taunting him.
“Enter,” was the single response John received.
Dear friends in London and England, I would like you to know that you are in our thoughts and prayers.
“No.” John heard the door slam.
“You don’t know? There is something in the world that the great Sherlock Holmes doesn’t know?”
Mycroft turned his head and raised his eyebrows in mockery at the other man. Sir Henry didn’t seemed to recognize the expression.
“John?”
“Because you are being investigated. Dimmit tracked me down earlier today and asked about your connection with Trevor.” Greg said.
Mycroft took a threatening step forward.
The white smoke blotted out the man’s face but Sherlock would have sworn he saw the bullet sail through the air towards them. Suddenly, James Sholto was there. His arms raised in surrender. His body between John and the bullet.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes.
“What was I going to do for Sherlock? What was I going to do that I wouldn’t do for anyone else I cared about?”
Violet Holmes glanced back and forth between her two sons. “What is he talking about, Myc?”
“Blackwood!” John shouted.
“I did know him. I met him when we gave him Moriarty’s share. I didn’t know his name. I was there as a body guard for James. I don’t think he even noticed me.”
“How close am I to the truth?” Greg asked.
“Yes, sir!” Zeb turned to run off to the galley.
“Major Sholto, Colonel Bennet told me to report to you for assignment to a squad.” John held out his papers for the major to look at.
“Moriarty won’t take him someplace you know of . . . nor would he take him some place I would think of.”
John smiled at Sherlock and the dark haired omega couldn’t help himself but smile back.
John and Hinde walked out of the house and back into the hot desert sun. Murry and Blackwood were standing near the front door and seemed relieved to see the other two emerge from with inside. The men turned and slowly started to walk back down the street towards the waiting Humvees.
“Believe me, darling. I wasn’t involved with Moriarty’s plan to hurt you or your brother.” John whispered into Sherlock’s ear as the omega laid his head down on John’s shoulder.
“We’re experienced enough to know what is going on without having to asked stupid questions, John. We know the risks and the payout is substantial.”
“If I attempted to kill myself, I would have been successful.” Sherlock’s voice was horse. “Where is that water?”
Over the next two weeks, James waited at camp while John took the squads out. He stayed in the communications room, listening to see if there were any radio transmissions coming in from John. Then he paced just outside the gate, waiting to see the return of the squad.
John had never lied before in his life, but for some reason he felt the need to protect the older boy even if it meant betraying his moral code. John seemed to flounder deciding how to answer Sherlock.
“Cases?”
Laying on the bed was the body of Victor Trevor. Bloody and bruised and quite dead.
John had a great place to live rent free with a boyfriend who was a great lover. He was doing well in school and received an unexpected scholarship from an anonymous benefactor. Finally, John’s life was turned around and everything was positive. John should have been very happy but he wasn’t.
“What about the surveillance teams?” Jim asked not allowing Sherlock time to concentrate on the previous comment.
Mycroft paused and turned around. He looked quizzically at John. “What makes you say that?”
“A girlfriend is more than just a sexual partner.” John protested.
“To destroy your personal reputation and get you arrested for murder. But it’s not over yet.” Sherlock said as he looked at his brother. “You know what his finale act will be.”
“He’s insane.” John muttered. “I don’t know what he is talking about.”
John bristled. “I pay my own way. I don’t need Sherlock to take care of me.”
In the background, John heard James’ voice. “Where is the damn airstrike?! Get their asses in the air!”
“SHERLOCK!” John shouted.
Elizabeth laughed out loud. “You are so darling when you are trying to act indifferent. Or should I say failing to act indifferent.”
He then went to work in the sitting room. Even though it was still winter, he opened the windows and let the fresh air in. Against Sherlock’s specific instructions, he dusted everywhere. He put every book properly away on the book shelf and even removed the clutter from the desk. Finally around seven he went and borrowed Mrs. Hudson’s vacuum cleaner and hovered the rugs. By the time he finished, he was exhausted but the flat was cleaner than it had ever been since they moved in.
The next report he read was about the decrease in successful bank robberies in London. Of the five attempts in the past six months, four had been stopped without the criminals leaving the banks. The fifth, and only ‘successful’ robbery, resulted in the criminals stealing less than five thousand pounds. And they were stopped at the Scottish border in a stole car. All most all the money had been recovered.
He arrived in the little hamlet of Friar’s Gate late in the afternoon. It was a walk to the cottage but he was more than happy to take it. He arrived as the sun was lowering itself in the afternoon sky and the smell of roses around the white thatched cottage were strong. John paused at the gate for moment studying the building. It was as far from the bustle of London life as anyone could get. The square windows were small and even John would need to duck a little to get through the front door. There were numerous rose bushes of different colors around the yard as well as honeysuckle and other flowers. A large willow tree could be seen around the corner of the cottage with a wooden bench sitting under its limbs.
“Yes sir!” Zeb’s voice carried up through the hatch.
“What did I say?” James asked. Anxiety he had overstepped.
Sherlock uncrossed his long legs and quickly stood up. “Then we are done. I will be unable to help you, brother dear.”
“Yes, he is.”
Then Mycroft Holmes could never touch him again. He could try and kidnap him or threaten him, but John would be protected. And John would be able to protect Sherlock.
“Was Hope taking you to England?” James asked.
The huge sniper rifle was difficult to shoot and took someone with great skill to use at such a distance.
Moran moved closer and pulled John against his body. He dragged his fingers through John’s hair. The smaller man tried to not shiver or revolt against the touch. He forced himself to remain very still. Moran pushed and pulled John around till the young man was spooned up against the alpha in the bed.
The sound of John saying his name increased James’ uneasiness. He felt pulled to John, like a magnet.
“I sincerely doubt that.” Sherlock said.
Dimmit shuffled through his papers and then looked down at his notes.
“Watson, it is obvious that your relationship with this person has hindered your ability to be professional. That outburst was unprofessional. That is not how a doctor behaves.”
Moran growled inside. They were still together. The woman didn’t seem surprised to see the tall alpha standing at her door. He tried to seem less threatening.
“The day you threw me out . . .”
“Let me assist you. I can easily guess at what you want to ask me. No, I do not believe that Sherlock is responsible for Wiggins murder. No, I do not believe that Sherlock willing went with whom ever took him. No, I do not believe Sherlock is actively involved in his kidnapping. Does that make it simpler for you. You have one job now and only one job. Find my brother.”
John's life in the army and Sherlock's life without John.
“Yeah, is that a problem?” John didn’t know why he asked it but maybe he just wanted to seem less nervous than he really was.
“What happened to the child?” Sherlock asked.
John didn’t answer Sherlock. He took a step forward and leaned into Sherlock’s space. Sherlock twisted his head and leaned down. Gently touching his lips to John’s. Hesitantly at first, and when he felt John lean more heavily into his body, Sherlock cupped John’s face with his hands. Holding the man close so Sherlock could deepen the kiss. Sweeping his tongue over John’s lip and pressing it into John’s mouth.
Before Sherlock could answer him, Mycroft left and followed Lestrade down the stairs. His long legs allowed him to quickly catch up to the detective.
“John is in school. He is studying to be a doctor. He isn’t going anywhere.” Sherlock said.
“Mycroft, cut the crap. I know that Sherlock was there the night the men were killed. I know that the other two men who were shot were the two who fingered Sherlock.” Greg’s eyes shifted back and forth between the two Holmes brothers. “What I don’t know is why John Watson covered for him.”
“The two of you served together. You were John’s commanding officer but it is obvious that you defer to his judgment routinely. Neither one of you settled back into civilian life well, and decided to use your training from the army in less than legal pursuits. The fact that the two of you were there at the performance tonight means that you were about to enter into criminal enterprise with the smugglers.”
John made a deep grunting noise. “We’re not shooting any of them.”
Fear had propelled Sherlock. He knew it was foolish, but if it kept John safe, he would walk through hell with Moriarty and Moran. Anything to keep John from harm. Desperately he wanted to contact John, but John had taken his mobile and the police had taken John’s mobile. It was infuriating. He didn’t trust Moriarty but he couldn’t run the risk that Moriarty was telling him the truth and holding John somewhere.
“Lean back and carefully feed it out as I walk down the side of the boat. Once I’m down there with John and Blackwood, hold it steady and I can use my both of my hands to help.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I’m not allowed to leave until my brother decides I’m fit to look after myself.”
“The room’s freezing. Let me light the fire.” Sherlock said as he unfolded himself from the bed.
“Goodbye, Mister Nobody. You won’t be seeing us again.”
“I don’t need much sleep. At least stretch out on the sofa. It is quite comfortable.” Sherlock waved his hand over to the low green couch.
John looked down at Moran who resting against John’s body. The older alpha was looking up into John’s face. Moran closed his eyes and slumped in John’s arms.
“He needs correction. Is it my fault that you and your family failed him? To make him respectful and compliant.”
“WHAT?!” John asked.
Irene kept her eyes fixed on Sherlock for several more seconds before she glanced over to the crate of champaign.
“Yes it will!”
There, standing over a prone body was Sherlock ‘Bloody’ Holmes, waving a broken wine bottle at the police officers.
“We acquired it from another ship.” John said with slight smile to his lips.
“John . . . the baby . . .”
“Brought you a little getting to know you present.” The detective said to the empty room. He spun around looking. Moran watched from his perch, as the young alpha held up the memory stick. “That’s what it’s all been for, hasn’t it.”
“But of course.” Magnussen smiled. He stood up and turned to leave. He hesitated by the door. “It will be a simple affair. Only immediate family at the ceremony. Then, Sherlock and I will leave on a month long honeymoon in the Far East. I think two weeks will give you enough time to arrange the wedding. Also, I expect a dowry of five million pounds to be transferred into my accounts when you make the formal announcement.”
“Sherlock, it won’t grant you any advantage. I’ve made certain that those plans are no longer valuable to our enemies.” Mycroft said.
I Guess I Kinda Liked the Way You Numbed All the Pain
“You weren’t ready this time.”
“Gone.”
“We can’t go to Bridgetown.” Sherlock blurted out.
He searched for the voice. He reached out his hands trying to find the stranger who was speaking.
Moran swallowed hard. The blade of the stiletto burned as it slid into his flesh. He closed his eyes.
“It would have been the perfect way to deflect any suspension away from him. Why would he notify the police if he was responsible for Litkin’s death?” Sherlock said.
“She didn’t steal your husband! He fled from you to her!” Moriarty threw the picture and frame across the room, over Violet’s head. The woman didn’t even flinch. It shattered on the river stone fireplace.
The man walked forward with certainty and confidence to a female police officer. From the distance, John couldn’t hear what was being said, but it was obvious the woman didn’t like the dark haired stranger. She tried and failed to block his entrance into the scene. John watched the man walk under the tape only to be accosted by another officer at the door. Again there was animosity between the stranger and the new officer. But the stranger must have said something very provocative because both the male and female police officers were suddenly excited and shouting at each other while the stranger entered the dilapidated building.
“Anderson, prepare the guns! Donavan, veer to starboard to intercept! Dimmitt ready boarding parties!”
Sherlock paled. “I’m sorry I lied to you, John.”
“I know you, don’t I?” John asked.
John had just finished rinsing out the last glass when Sherlock stepped into the room.
The dance club was dark. It smelled of disinfectant and stale beer. Sherlock stepped further into the dark. Disappearing from Frankie’s view as he did so.
John glanced back and forth between Sherlock and Moran.
Mycroft shrugged his shoulders and looked away. He smelled how his brother’s scent had changed again to distress and fear. John’s alpha scent became stronger as he became more protective.
John cocked his head slightly to the side. The stern military glare returned. “That is considered an inappropriate question for a superior officer to ask another officer . . . sir.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock had already turned and was opening the front door of his build. His hands shook as he unlocked the door to his flat.
“He told Lestrade I was sick with the flu? He lied for me?”
“Look, I may be a crook and have loose morals, but I’m not a bastard.” John growled. “I don’t sleep with omegas when they expect more from me other than a good time. A one off.”
John said Babcock died when the ship sank but Blackwood said Babcock died before the sinking. Something had happened to the boy. Somehow he had died and it was Underwood’s fault. But the death was so appalling the specifics about it had to be hidden. And if Underwood did cause the boy’s death, then how did John react to it? John was a man of his convictions. He wouldn’t ignore an injustice. What did John do?
“Only if he is removed from the chess board. He can leave by two ways. Either you send him away or our enemy kills him.”
Sherlock suddenly looked very young as he pouted and the first tear slipped down his face. He shook his head no; his dark curls shifting and moving with the shake. Mycroft knew that Sherlock didn’t trust his own voice now. He continued.
Dimmit set the folder down on the table between them. “That of course is your choice, but I would think you would want to help to find the murderer of your fellow soldier.”
“I can get it – if you give me time. If I get to England I can earn it and send it to you.”
John started to move. He took two strides to get out of the alley when he nearly crashed into a man in black coat. John caught himself before he fell. He knew instantly it was Sherlock Holmes. The omega had deceived him and come anyway. John growled in anger.
“You live alone?” John asked.
I Need Somebody to Heal
“Sorry, spent everything last night.”
“You had a great eye to start with. Can’t train that.”
“We’ve looked everywhere, sir. No drugs.” The man said ducking his head in apology.
“No,” John snapped.
“We’re sailing into a storm. Go below and stay dry.” John said, but he hadn’t let go of Sherlock yet. He stared into the younger man’s eyes for what seemed like forever. Sherlock was lost in John’s dark eyes.
Sherlock ignored John’s questions and dug through the clothes in the suitcase. John noticed they belonged to a woman. Sherlock found a small zippered bag in the suitcase. A quick inspection of the bag showed it was makeup and toiletries. He pushed his hands under the clothing and felt along the sides and bottom of the overnight bag. Not finding anything, Sherlock sighed and leaned back.
“This is an unacceptable acquaintance, Sherlock. It needs to end immediately.”
“I . . . I don’t know.”
“I’ve seen him. He is . . . compelling.” Moran said.
“I met him at the museum. He was there for some charity event.” Victor sat up excited.
The two men stared at each other for a few more minutes, then Sherlock reached out and took one of the mugs. He winced when he took a sip. His fingers reaching for his damaged lip.
They sat very close to each other in the cab, John's shoulder rubbing against Sherlock's arm with every breath, their fingers linked together. Sherlock picked up their hands in order to examine John's, the tan which ended at the wrist broken by the pale lines of scars that told so many stories. He could read some of them easily, clean lines from slipped scalpels and tiny nicks from shrapnel and the more recent ones that Sherlock had helped him acquire, but there were some that were more variable, stories that he'd never asked. He liked the idea that there were layers to John he hadn't explored yet, but that he would get the chance to lay John out and draw from him the story of every line in his skin.
Sherlock smirked.
The boy's dark eyes flicked over and fixed on John; his assailant followed his gaze and froze when he saw what the younger boy was looking at. "Watson," he said, smiling gruesomely. John smiled back, thin and mirthless.
Julien flashed him a flirtatious grin. "Possibly. I like the smart ones. Are you jealous?"
Sherlock snorted, stepping away from him with a disbelieving gesture.
"Intimately," Sherlock confirms, looking down scornfully at the man on the floor. "I'd say it was a small team, probably not more than five of them. St. Claire was the face of the team – his background in the theatre made him the perfect man to adopt whatever trustworthy persona the scam required. If you search his background it shouldn't be too hard to find the others. I'm sure a little questioning will get them all to open up about the other confidence frauds they've committed together."
Shakespeare shook his head resignedly. "It's fine," he said, cracking an amused grin in Sherlock's direction. "It was just surprising when you weren't an hour early and no-one had heard from you."
Unsure whether to be relieved or disappointed, John laughed awkwardly. "Right, of course," he said.
knew, either," he said bluntly. "I'm utterly shocked. But… I reckon if this guy –"
John accepted the pint that was handed to him by a beaming barman, who had evidently never seen his pub quite this full before, and propped himself up beside Sherlock against the bar. The detective grudgingly held his own mug of ale out for John to bump his against, and then drank with a look of mild distaste. John laughed. "You don't have to look so reluctant," he teased.
I'm not sure if he means what I think he means, but I can't be blamed for interpreting it like that, so I lean my head down towards his anyway; each little doubt is obliterated when he tips up his chin into a tiny, sweet kiss.
Lestrade is at the scene alone but for one other officer, the burly man who'd stood at the door and refused to let us in when they closed the case. "Right," I say to him when we get there. The burly officer strolls off down the corridor. "What have you found?"
He nodded slowly. "All right," he said. "Can we close the door now?"
Within ten minutes Sherlock was inside the hall, being jostled about by other students. A first year tripped on his way past and positively barrelled into him, almost knocking him off his feet. "Watch your feet," he told the boy sharply.
sober," he said quietly. "My mind doesn't work properly."
the younger actor replied, walking confidently up to the kneeling detective and tipping his chin upwards with one finger so that their eyes met.
"Not yet," his friend replied, a tiny smile flickering over his face. "I left it with Ed at the Globe, I'll give it to him after
John said, grumpily and rather hypocritically.
he said. The French boy's head whipped around so fast his straight dark fringe flicked into his eyes.
. He had
The stocky actor swallowed visibly. "
things. It's not normal. You didn't see the half of what was going on up there earlier.
Molly turned to him hopefully.
Thinking of Julien had stirred something in his memory – had he met John Watson around the same time, during university or the end of high-school? He closed his eyes, willing himself to remember. He remembered disappointment, and restlessness, and a ride on the tube back to his French lover's arms.
"Mycroft's office is around this corner," Sherlock interrupted his thoughts, nodding towards the bend in the road. John glanced at the buildings around them; he'd been so preoccupied with their argument about
"I'm sure, John," Sherlock affirms. "I just have to figure out how to prove it." John sighs and settles down more comfortably on the settee. It takes a moment of strict self-control to stop himself draping an arm around Sherlock's shoulders; this feels so normal, lounging around together of a morning, Sherlock wrapped in pyjamas and a duvet. After a while, he sucks it up and, his heart thudding nervously with the fear of rejection, leans his shoulders against the detective's side. Sherlock wriggles around under him for a moment, but doesn't protest. John can feel the smirk radiating off his face and knows that Sherlock knows
history. If you weren't supposed to be in 21st century Germany, that's nothing compared to how much you're not supposed to be in 31st century Mars."
, you have to let me write to this man and thank him."
, his eyebrows drawing together. "Why not?" he asked suspiciously.
"Shh," John returned softly, rinsing the shampoo from his hair again. "I've got you, Sherlock." He stroked the hand that he was scooping the bathwater over Sherlock's head with gently down his temple. "A little bit harder with the conditioner okay?" Sherlock made a confirming noise and both of John's hands left his head to reach for it. "Touch yourself," John suggested.
Sherlock's long fingers found John's chin and gently tugged it back around to face him. "Is that okay?" he asked quietly.
. Sherlock almost asked her what she meant, but the Doctor looked understanding, so he thought about it instead.
He brought it up as they swept out of the inn with an abrupt farewell to Angelo. "You and Will have a lot in common," he said idly. Sherlock raised a curious eyebrow at him, still fastening his coat over his sternum. "Have you considered spending time with him outside of the theatre? I think you'd get on really well."
. We suspend our disbelief in the theatre because we have to, to find it entertaining."
he wrote back. She beamed.
have more traits for them to pick on and escalate than the good doctor – although he will
them, Sherlock realised. It was almost as if they were
Sherlock commented once about John's jumpers, and although he tried to stoically ignore the snide remarks, when he came home to find the detective burning various strengths of acid on his favourite jumper, he took the hint and has largely stopped wearing them.
"I see," John lied. "I'll stop, then." Sherlock twitched one corner of his mouth upwards in acknowledgment and fell back into moody silence.
John let out a long breath, his blue eyes fluttering closed. Sherlock swallowed. He knew he ought to move away from his friend, call off the role-play. He'd caught the intended glimpse of motive, and he knew John wouldn't be comfortable with the actual kissing part of the account. But the space between them now felt comfortable somehow, just more evidence of how much they trusted each other, and Sherlock rather liked the reminder, liked being close enough to kiss but not needing to.
Sherlock staggered back to the bed, making sure to pick up his shirt and dressing gown and yanking the hangings shut behind him. He
," the doctor cursed, the hand on Sherlock's back clenching into a fist. "Let's go."
. "But I have told you everything I know. I cannot give you anything else."
introduced himself, managing to affect just enough of a careless air to suggest he had already forgotten the name. "I'm Charlie."
"I have not hurt you,
"Please, John," the detective gasps, yanking at John's own jeans to try and force them past his bottom. John stands up, dropping his trousers, and then eases Sherlock's pants down past his knees and off the bed.
Lestrade crouches over the carpet. "See here, this stain? Would have made a mark on the floor underneath, right?"
, perhaps, he amended, but it certainly didn't show the greatest sense of intelligent self-preservation.
"Oh, God, you can't possibly want this," John gasped, steering Sherlock's backward shuffle towards the sofa nonetheless. "Please tell me you want this."
Mrs St. Claire's voice is tremulous when she cuts him off, and for some reason he's forcibly reminded of Mrs Monkford from that case all those months ago. "Please, Mr Watson. I'm a grown woman. I can take it and I just want to know the truth. Does Mr Holmes think my husband is still alive?"
The dog barked again, apparently coming from above them. John blinked.
"But I didn't
After, he threw the Glock in a skip and sat down at a bus stop with his head resting in shaking hands. A mother herding three children took one look at him and pushed her charges across the street; Sherlock watched them send furtive glances back at him and sighed. He didn't blame them. His Spencer Hart slacks were ripped at the knees and splattered with Moran's blood: he looked a mess. He
John sighed. "Maybe Lady Brackenstall did kill her husband, and Lady Carfax helped. Or talked her into it. From the sounds of it, Lady Brackenstall placed a lot of worth on the opinion of her only friend."
He didn't say he
John looked at him. "Yes," he said dryly, images of his friend's more stubborn moments flashing in front of his eyes. "I can't imagine how frustrating that must be."
"What was that?" Will's voice asked from behind him.
The Doctor almost knocked over his coffee cup. "What? Why not?"
Whatever he does, whatever state of disorganisation John catches him in, the detective is always perfect. It ought to be illegal for one person to be so beautiful.
"I beg your pardon?"
he insisted playfully.
And then he was off; Sherlock barely had time to register that the lanky creature had grabbed his wrist before he was yanking on it, pulling Sherlock after him back towards the door. Sherlock glanced back to make sure Hannah was following them before putting on an extra burst of speed to catch up with the Doctor. "Keep
were the people who paid the bare minimum to attend the theatre and had to stand right in front of the stage. Back then, people only took these places if they couldn't afford anything better, but now it's the experience that most people want from the Globe. How times change.
Sherlock led him up a flight of stairs as he gawked at the architecture, eventually emerging into an antechamber where a secretary sat at a desk beside a heavy dark wooden door, his sleeves rolled up to avoid ink blots from where he was painstakingly copying something. John couldn't help noticing that the man was both surprisingly young to be a secretary to someone as important as Mycroft seemed to be and incredibly attractive, with dark hair trained backwards over his head and a light flush across his high cheekbones. Sherlock didn't seem to notice, marching right up to his desk with his usual impersonal stride and drawing a deep breath.
Donovan shifted impatiently. "What do we do with her, then? Let her go?"
more, needed harder and faster still until the role-play no longer mattered. "John," he said sharply, jerking his hips up to attempt to convey what he needed. "
"Yeah?" John stares blearily up at his flatmate, dishevelled and otherworldly, the light of inspiration dancing in his eyes. Sherlock shoots a fantastic, dazzling smile his way.
not the one backing someone into a corner and trying to force myself on them, am I?" His voice is high, brittle, almost hysterical.
John looked oddly amused by Sherlock's evaluation of the condom. He lifted an eyebrow at him and the doctor shook his head and looked away, smiling slightly. Sherlock turned his eyes back to the body. "He put up a fair fight," he evaluated, looking up at the rumpled bedclothes. "Tried to gain the upper hand by rolling them over and that's how they fell off the bed." He felt the man's head with his gloved hands; one of them came away sticky with congealed blood. "She was probably only able to overpower him because he hit his head on the bedside table."
character. I don't know everything about people I only meet once in real life either, only the people who are important to me."
. It's a part of who I am, and I can't let you take it. So just
John stared after him, offended. Not even so much as a thank-you for intervening with what would have become an increasingly volatile run-in with Carl Powers. "Not bloody likely," he muttered finally, and took the last two flights of stairs at a run.
(See the end of the chapter for
John looks at him as blankly as he can manage. "War? What war?" he says determinedly. "The only war I care about is the one between you and London's criminal community."
Sherlock said eventually. John heard Will let out a long breath behind him as though he had been holding it in anticipation of the line.
Unsurprisingly, Molly had to pause and ask him his name when she went to introduce him; John introduced himself with barely a second glance at the man and had almost dismissed him when his murmured 'Hi' in return betrayed the tiniest hint of an Irish accent and he suddenly realised why the man had looked so familiar.
"John," he called commandingly, lifting the portrait higher, closer to his eyes, his face contorted in surprise and confusion. John glanced at Mycroft before crossing to his friend's side, but the elder Holmes brother's expression was just as nonplussed as his own must be.
to meet you, Master Holmes."
My mind fills with possible things John and I could do together; I suddenly have to hide from him the fact that all the blood in my body has shunted between my legs so fast I feel lightheaded.
Lestrade sniffs the tea suspiciously. "Well," he says, after deeming the beverage safe. "If you're not too busy –"
It was Sherlock's turn to snort. "That's Mycroft again," he said, like it didn't bother him. "No-one ever does anything worthwhile or commendable but him. And now possibly Lestrade," he added as an afterthought. John frowned at the suggestion. No wonder people didn't want to rely on the Justices of the Peace and turned to Sherlock instead, if the people behind the Justice system were all as lazy and self-serving as Mycroft.
Maybe I just irritated him this morning, and that's why he pulled out the
"You make it sound so perverted," Sherlock quipped, not daring to hold his breath in case John noticed. "Only if you're comfortable, John, I understand that it's not something… but I really think it would help me solve this case."
, so he blinked tears away before they could well up in his eyes and stared out of the window. "I really do, because knocking on that door was one of the hardest things I have ever done, and I've done some pretty impossible things. But it was
," he said quietly.
John flushed and looked up at Bill, who was once again leaning conspiratorially over the table towards him with a piece of toast dangling from his fingers dangerously close to his second cup of coffee. "I don't know, Bill," he said, allowing his irritation to show in his voice. "It's only Thursday, I don't have to decide right now."
John grinned. "Why not," he replied airily, making a gesture towards where the barman might have been. They had agreed that someone such as the second victim - Charles Trent, his name had been, but it wasn't really important - probably would have frequented clubs more than the quiet bar Montgomery had been singled out at, and so John had found some kind of ridiculous music with a baseline that made Sherlock want to throw up and it was playing
Sherlock spat, "
Oh, fantastic. John added another reason to be in a bad mood as he looked back down at his timetable and confirmed that he did, indeed, have Mr McAuliffe for Statistics. He sighed. "It's too early for this shit," he complained.
The young man laughed. "Oh, dear. I do have a way of picking them, don't I?" When Sherlock continued to frown in utmost confusion, his grin disappeared. "Oh.
Sherlock, too, paused, his breathing gently slowing.
"The rest of the world thinks you're special," John counteracted, flattered nonetheless.
, a child with big feet gets –"
Naturally, the impromptu giggle-fit all but erases the tension that had been building up, and John reaches for Sherlock without even thinking about his awkwardness and the intense need to stay in control; he takes Sherlock's angular face in his hands and kisses it, because he wants to, and because Sherlock is letting him, Sherlock
that signalled that he would need a new pen. He sighed. De Richelieu grinned at him.
John's hand slipped from his own, sliding down his stomach until it reached the point where the sheets covered him. "Right," he said, his voice bright and teasing, "why don't you show me exactly what you were doing to my body, then?"
He slapped him cheerfully on the shoulder after a moment. "So, what did you think of the scripts, then?" he asked.
be rehearsing more with Molly, you two have more lines and scenes together. There's more for you to rehearse."
The boy grinned cheekily. "What did he know?" he asked.
For some reason they pick on Sherlock the most. He grudgingly supposes that he draws more attention to himself than John, and the blog certainly doesn't help. And really he
an invitation," he said briskly. "Shut the door behind you."
John shook his head, twisting his hands together awkwardly to match what was going on in the pit of his stomach. "He was already angry - I think he got a fright when he woke up, he said he doesn't usually sleep much."
young widows, even
John frowned at them. "Who drew those?" he asked.
Sherlock nodded happily, letting go of John's chin to take the hand that had been offered and place another quick kiss on his lips.
"No," Sherlock rebutted instantly. "The tape's much too short. He or she would have been
"Much."
He nodded in the direction of Hannah, his lips curling into a smirk at Bill's nonplussed face. "Her. She so
he gasped, shrugging his shoulders in order to try and shake her off. She stepped back, looking hurt, but a quick glance at her feet showed that she still only possessed her own shadow. He would have breathed a sigh of relief if he could have breathed at all.
John slowly let the smile at his friend's impassioned delivery fade from his face. "
But the shopkeeper only smiled nastily at them. "He said you'd say that."
His flatmate doesn't try to feign innocence. "Yes," he replies instead. "I wanted you to know as soon as you came in that we're going away for the night."
This last line in the sand has brought him all the way to the end of the footprints. John thinks he'll carry on, keep walking to create more. Instead, Sherlock draws a long, final-looking line at the end of the footprints and pauses, looking at it. "Then I met you."
"I have heard that this is what the French do. That teacher, he likes you."
John gritted his own teeth together and forced himself to ask, "What is it?"
Sherlock frowned. "They're not decomposing in there? Doesn't the smell…?"
, at a bar about six months ago. We slept together. He wasn't very nice, so I never returned his calls."
The taller blonde woman stopped in front of them, raising her chin authoritatively as she stared. Her companion, slightly shorter, tight curls spiralling in all directions around her dark-skinned cheekbones, seemed content to stand further back and peer hopefully at them around her friend.
I'm hungry, and I can feel it, and I can't shut it out. Normally had I been left to my own devices I would have eaten something by now, but normally under
He can't resist the jab. "Who are you trying to convince?" he asks quietly. Sherlock stares, horrified, a glimmer of hurt welling up in his green-grey eyes.
Sherlock held his eyes for a long moment, as though hoping for something more. Then he nodded softly.
formed something that could be termed a stable ecosystem, and then…" The Timelord made a
His mind thrummed with excitement; it seemed that the incident
The crowd recognised him, though, judging by the cheer that had gone up when he'd opened the play for them. They certainly hadn't been cheering for his Hippolyta, who had barely got one line right all afternoon. Once the season was over, John would be recommending that the boy take an apprenticeship in something a long way from the South Bank theatres. He took Tobias' hand now to steady him as they strode onto the stage to take a bow and the boy almost tripped over his skirts again. Maybe something that didn't require physical co-ordination, he amended to himself, grinning out at the audience. They bowed once, then John pushed Ben forwards to take his own bow. He'd always felt that Puck was the star of the play, despite the people who argued over the respective merits of Lysander and Demetrius.
John grinned back at Angelo in farewell and followed his friend behind the bar and into what he presumed was the 'back room'. Sherlock tossed the scripts onto the desk in the room and perched on a low couch, still smiling up at John.
the boy said sympathetically, patting him on the back. John shrugged him off churlishly.
Sherlock looks away from John's bare chest hurriedly. "You're right in my face," he says defensively. John chuckles, clutching his pile of clothes, and retreats to the bathroom.
"In the course of… do you mean that she was, like, a witness to the murders, or are you actually suggesting that she might
He inflected the statement like a question; Sherlock smiled and looked out over an imaginary crowd. "I was here with a friend who wanted to make an ex jealous," he invented. "She left me the moment we walked in the door. She's probably already gone home with him."
when Carl Powers' thrashing had subsided into shudders and the teachers grouped around him were exchanging terrified looks.
The voice was deep, mellifluous, and whispering frantically. "Mister Holmes? It's Jake Henzell."
he said idly, waving his hand.
"I'd love to do something a little more explicit with you," Sherlock said suddenly.
Sherlock swallowed. "What are you saying?" he asked, his voice barely audible even to himself.
instead. "The Incolumus Charm."
, John repeated to himself. He wasn't sure what he thought of the fact that the detective had confided that information in Ben. At least he didn't seem to have hurt him. "It was my fault," he admitted. "I mean, the argument itself was both of us, but my last comment was unnecessary. He was only doing that thing he does, you know, where he just knows things about you."
Sherlock held out the portrait to him, eyes serious. John frowned at him before looking down at it.
As soon as they had left the stage, someone blew a horn from the other side, and Sherlock dropped his hand in favour of yanking the blue dress over his head. John stared for the briefest of moments before Archie the costumer nudged him and he remembered that he, too, had to change his costume within moments and bent to his pantaloons, trying to shake the image of the muscles surrounding Sherlock's shoulderblades flexing as he stripped the gauzy garment off.
he begged, sliding it with little resistance onto Sherlock's long ring finger.
He smiled to himself once more. "
Sherlock crouched to examine the shadow. It wasn't even as though it were a faint suggestion of a patch of less light; it was a definite shadow that fit the shape of the tree above so well that he hadn't noticed that it shouldn't be there. Wondering whether it was cold in the way that ordinary shadows cast by the sun back on Earth had been, he stretched out a hand towards it –
Sherlock defended, returning to his pacing and wild gestures. "
Sherlock called out, ducking out from behind the door where he had concealed himself with his cue-script as soon as they had reached Angelo's inn. John affected a jump at his sudden appearance.
" He glanced over at Molly, who had sat down next to a tall, thin man John didn't recognise, dressed in a black tailcoat and deep purple necktie, his hair curly and falling around his temples.
He reached for his wand on the bedside table, licking his fingers clean so that he didn't get John's come on it. He'd tried this spell before, but never on anything big.
Sherlock's cool grey eyes lift gently up to John's face. "I'm sorry," he says gently. John blinks at him – is Sherlock
"Ah," he said brightly, gesturing towards them. "Our friends have arrived." He waited until Lestrade was standing right behind Charlotte before dropping the predatory persona he'd affected. "Charlotte Wilson," he said in his own voice. "This man is about to arrest you under suspicion of the murders of Stewart Montgomery, Charles Trent and Vincent Stephens."
the picture of domestic bliss.
He started to move away, but then the French boy's hips were jerking up, forcing his lips down further over Julien's cock, and hot bitter liquid was shooting so far down his throat he had no choice but to swallow it, to keep snatching quick breaths when he could and hold on until it was over.
Sherlock. Certainly not the rash, destructive emotion that seemed to have consumed the detective when he had last seen him. But it did appear that the Englishman presented a certain
"Sorry for dragging you along, then," he said. "But look - these people just want to show you how much they enjoyed what we just did."
"Don't be," Sherlock replied. "She's probably the only one. And I think she admires my chemistry work more than
"Ooh! Sorry, boys!"
To his surprise, the boy grinned, seeming to recover from his shock. "All right, you got me there," he said. "I was just hiding from someone. It's so dark in here I couldn't see where I'd land."
"I'm assuming Scotland Yard know about this?" Sherlock interrupts swiftly.
The Doctor clapped Sherlock on the back, carefully avoiding stepping on the shadow, and leaned towards the speaker over his shoulder. "Not yet, thanks, Hannah," he said cheerfully, "but if there is we'll let the two of you know." He flipped the screwdriver airily through the air and caught it one-handed. Sherlock gave him a stern but amused
'Anthea' looks mildly relieved as they get into the car. Sherlock smirks at her. "What can you tell us?" he asks briskly.
"How romantic," John comments. Sherlock smirks. "Why?"
Kirsty led them down a path to one side of the forest, dead leaves crunching under their feet, and up to a rustically lichen-covered sort of hut up against one wall. "We kept the… bodies… in here," she said, frowning at them and looking almost apologetic. "We thought the Shadow Proclamation might need to look at them, you know, when they finally turn up."
"Kieran. Pleased to meet you."
"I've been down here for half an hour already waiting for you," Bill replied in a tone of mock-affront. "That gives me time for… what, three? Four maybe? It's addictive, I'm telling you."
He held his breath, waiting for an answer: it was possible the officer would agree, or mention a description of the shoes, in which case it could be put down to poor wording from whoever wrote the article and he would go home. Or… "We don't have the shoes," the policeman grunted.
"Can you point me, John, to the evidence in this room that suggests the burglary was staged?" he asked brightly.
He bit his lip. "I… I think so. I don't really know what he's doing anymore." He watched in satisfaction as the young teacher's face contorted in sympathy. "It's my fault. You warned me. I just thought he was more like me, you know?"
"Sherlock, what are you looking for?" he asked. Sherlock, predictably, gave no indication that he'd even heard the question, instead lifting the portrait of Lord Brackenstall from above the fireplace to reveal the bare wall beneath.
Just like their first kiss of the evening, John was deliberately deviating from the 'script' of the role-play in order to make sure that Sherlock had the same reactions to his actions as the murderer would have, if this were not scripted at all. He really didn't give John's manipulation skills enough credit, and he
John cocks a half-smile. "Fine, thanks."
Then, what it was that next came in her eye,
With a suspicious look at the fold-out badge the Doctor was holding out at him, the teller stepped back and gave them access to the computer. Sherlock surged forwards towards it, but was beaten to it by the floppy-haired man, whose fingers flew across the keys as though he did it every day. Slightly put out, Sherlock leaned against the counter and tried to draw the Doctor's attention to the fact that the Judoon were marching towards and past them, pushing the other tellers out of the way to move into the belly of the bank. "It'll be password protected," Sherlock said sceptically. "The information you're trying to access. If you give me a moment, I should be able to figure it out."
"This is how it ends," he said quietly, and pushed the door open.
He heard voices in the corridor outside the lab and looked up; this lab was on the top floor and hardly used by anyone except the staff, and even them only on occasion. That was why he used it so often, because technically he wasn't staff. He was only allowed in here because Molly had taken pity on him, once upon a time. But the voices did not belong to the mousey, shy woman. They were men's voices, one he recognised, one he didn't.
Sherlock sighs stiffly. "I was just caught by surprise, John. We'll be fine once I've had a chance to think it over and move past it."
"Thinking," Sherlock responds as though it should be obvious. Which it should be, really, John remembers. Sherlock does that a lot.
His heartbeat seemed dangerously fast and loud, but John ignored it, watching Sherlock for the tiniest reaction. The younger man did not disappoint: his mouth opened even further for a sharp inhale and exhale, and then just as John thought he would relent and walk away he lunged forwards with so much enthusiasm that he slammed John against the wall before their lips even connected. When they did connect, he was almost too focussed on the sharp pain in his head from being knocked against the plaster to feel it.
Hideth my heart. So, let me hear you speak."
And spurn upon thee, beggar, for thy boldness."
Sherlock heaved a great sigh. "
John fell to a broader look around the office as the butler rifled through a second desk-drawer, from the burnt-out fire in the grate to the dusty books in their dark wooden shelf to the fancy clock hanging on the wall in clear view of the desk.
Marchbanks dipped his head politely. "Hannah and I will do it," Sherlock interrupted quickly. The Doctor looked around in surprise. "Hannah and Mr Marchbanks can fill me in on anything I might be unfamiliar with in terms of the technology and I'm sure we could work something out. At least get a sense of what needs to be done. And then you can stay up here with Fitzherbert – I'm not about to do anything to your systems while my colleague is still here with you, so the security team is unnecessary."
He held his position just a shade too close to Sherlock for comfort, gazing up at him in unabashed adoration, then turned to smile at the hooded actor who joined them.
John swatted Bill's accusatory hand away. "
. And that… that's a door I don't think I can close."
"You're a sucker," he muttered when they were outside, Sherlock weaving his scarf back around his neck. "Fifty quid for a vodka mixer, a pint of lager and a scotch neat?"
," the detective insisted. John wondered, as he looked at those impossible grey-green-blue eyes, whether this was the entire reason Sherlock kept him around: because John trying and failing to do what came so naturally to Sherlock himself was relentlessly amusing, like a monkey at a circus.
Sure enough, Sherlock didn't so much as blink when John walked into his room at the inn barely an hour later. He sat cross-legged in the middle of the floor, his eyes closed, hands lifted in front of his face as though to turn the pages of a book. John stood there for a moment, waiting, but the detective did not acknowledge him. He cleared his throat.
"Of course," John replied, grinning slightly at the fact that his friend still felt he needed to ask if John would go with him to solve crimes. Sherlock smiled, immediately vaulting himself out of his chair and picking up his coat from where it was slung over the pile of clothing on the room's other chair. John shook his head slightly, marvelling at the way Sherlock could go from practically comatose to vibrating with suppressed energy without warning. It reminded him of Will when he'd had an idea for something he was working on.
A few steps to his right was a gravel path edged with some kind of pale stone; a garden path, leading up the slight rise where he stood to the enormous stone castle in front of him.
came the response. Sherlock seemed to be attempting to pretend that John didn't exist, while still almost helplessly still engaging in their stichomythic banter.
"Absolutely nothing." The detective raises an incredulous eyebrow. "I don't bother her with my work. She wouldn't understand it. And I didn't want her to worry."
Grinning at the teen's inability to use the word 'come', John stroked a tender thumb over his cheekbone. He doubted they could get anything on the sofa that wouldn't come off with a quick Scouring Charm, but the thought of having Sherlock properly horizontal on a bed was too promising to pass up. "All right," he said gently. "Bedroom, then."
His eyes fell on John again and quite suddenly, jarringly, he remembered the casual look on John's face the day after they met, hours after John had shot a man to save Sherlock's life. "
The great detective rolled his eyes, more blue than green above the periwinkle dress, but the corners of his mouth twitched. "If I must," he sighed. "Am I allowed to change, or do I have to go in the dress?"
The silence held for a few moments as those blue eyes swept over the room. Then the teacher nodded shortly. "Good morning, class."
Sherlock nodded. "You told her not to bias the witness by being hostile, didn't you?" he quipped. Lestrade's fed up expression coaxed a smile onto his face.
he asked. "
A tray banged loudly down onto the bench beside him, splattering bits of rice and sauce across the table. A drop landed on the sleeve of Jim's navy shirt; the Irishman sent a sharp look in the newcomer's direction before wiping at it with a napkin.
he protested innocently,
He grinned. "Really? Well, I've been told I have that effect on people…"
know for certain," he said. John laughed.
get tea?" John remembered as they stepped into the frigid London street. "I thought it was ridiculously expensive."
I don't do it often," John whispered into Sherlock's ear when next they parted for a few hurried, shallow breaths, "but would you like to come back to my flat?"
"Venus," the Doctor introduced with an even larger flourish, throwing the door open to let in a blast of humid heat. "We won't stay here long, even the TARDIS shields have trouble keeping the heat out."
"It's fine," he brushed off quickly, standing up and hunting around for his own pants. "I know you have to go, I just - I'd just hoped I could spend a little more time with you this morning."
Lestrade shook his head. "Absolutely it is," he said dully. "But they've gone, ran off the second we put the coffin down." He looked up at Sherlock. "I should have noticed, should have gone after them, but I -"
Sherlock, he sees on his way past, has recovered himself and now sits with his fingers tented under his chin and a soft smirk on his face. "Yes," he affirms confidently. "And it won't work."
His high-school friend barely looked at him.
Bill reached out and grabbed John's arm before he could leap down the tiers. "You can't help," he said softly. "There are medics down there. Look. He'll be fine. You'll just get in the way."
I shake my head, but that makes the dizziness worse and I stumble. The pressure of John's hand on my waist increases until he offloads me onto the sofa and
he gasped, stroking himself faster as John gently tipped his head forwards to reach around his ears and the nape of his neck. "Oh, John, please, I can't hold it -"
I can almost feel tears welling up behind my eyes. I
"She's been better, you know," Mycroft drawled patiently.
Sherlock pulls on the usual impeccable suit-jacket, but leaves the coat and scarf behind. "Shall we go, then?" he says innocently. John grins.
John tried to grin insouciantly. "Careful? Me?" he disparaged.
"I'm telling you, love, these pictures had better be
John wondered whether he qualified for that group; Sherlock knew an awful lot about him and his past, but most of that was information he'd either volunteered or his friend had worked out in one fell swoop the very first time they had met. He'd never
and knew that Jim had somehow figured out
He looked up in the direction Bill indicated; sure enough, Carl Powers and a group of three flunkies were making their way past the dining-hall. John rolled his eyes and tried to walk past unnoticed, but he didn't get far before the slightly nasal voice called back to him.
actions in front of anyone.
, however, we need to get you back to the South Bank. This took longer than I anticipated, I'm afraid."
tell me?" Lestrade clarified, frowning sternly at the detective.
What he just did is so completely out of character for him that he can still see it replaying, projected onto the screen of his closed eyelids. Sherlock backing up against the wall, trying to push him away, actual fear in his grey eyes.
John took a step towards Sherlock, trying to make himself as tall and broad as possible; with anyone else he would have tried to physically intimidate them, to tower over them, but Sherlock had such a height advantage John had to show his rage more through the power of his voice than he was accustomed to.
He tried to focus on his conclusions once John had left the room, but his cock was still throbbing and images of John above him kept flashing behind his eyelids. He shifted irritably, knowing that he really ought to have foreseen this problem. Perhaps he ought to…
John frowned at his tricorder. "He's conscious," he said, trying not to panic. "But he's completely non-responsive. It's like his mind has just shut down."
to be the killer.
My brain jumps into action like bunny-hopping a car.
John suddenly wonders if there was someone, once, some cold older man or woman who broke a young Sherlock's heart. "Have you ever done it before?" he asks.
Julien made a wistful expression of mock-rue. "Ah,
"But… how do you know you can handle it? Sherlock, I can't do this again and have you bail on me," he says, unable to quite stop his hands from sliding up Sherlock's thighs and holding on to them, a subconscious gesture of affection and reassurance. He
"Mr Holmes," the Doctor repeated, returning Sherlock's wry smile. He seemed entirely mad, and yet – from what he'd done at the bank he was obviously hugely intelligent. Sherlock liked him almost instinctively, but that didn't make him particularly inclined to trust him. He watched the man for a moment as he seemed to struggle with what he planned to say. "Come with me," he said finally.
Ben straightened proudly from the unmasked Bottom.
"And his description of Lady Brackenstall didn't fit the woman we met yesterday," Sherlock suggested with a tiny smile.
"Well, that was better," John consoled. "Do you mind me asking what memory you were using?"
he pleaded, adopting a fawning disposition and taking a tentative step towards the detective.
"Keep her until we've looked at the scene. You're right, she fit the profile of what we're looking for so closely it's a terrific coincidence." Lestrade nodded at Sherlock's words as though it had been his suggestion. "And when you do let her go, take her right back to her house. Actually
Sherlock did so lazily; he'd finished most of the study materials for seventh-form after his first summer in the library. Gibbon huffed and gave up on him. He smiled innocently.
"She's dated a lot of people who treated her like shit, from the sounds of things," Sherlock commiserated.
John laughed in exhilaration and disbelief, hugging the taller man to him around his bare bicep because he couldn't comfortably reach his shoulders and grinning at a woman who looked as though she was moments away from climbing onto the stage to be nearer to them.
he dismissed the singer.
" Sherlock continued, lifting his hand to stroke the skin beside John's eye, which he closed to enjoy the contact.
Sherlock bent and picked up the fraying, knotted fabric from the floor beside the armchair. He examined the frayed edge thoughtfully. Lady Brackenstall continued speaking, watching him with an odd expression on her face. "They had opened the bottle of wine on the mantelpiece - it belonged to Eustace, it was French, the very finest, I believe. There were three of them - the one who struck me was older, but strong, and the other two could have been his sons, they all looked so similar. They drank the wine and they were packing up the silver from the mantel when Eustace ran in. He was carrying this black club he favoured, it is on the floor where he fell. He must have heard a disturbance. He charged at the older man, but the two sons grabbed him and beat him over the head with the fire iron. I do not think that they meant to kill him. They panicked when they realised he was dead, I believe, and that is why they only took that silver from the mantel and fled."
Bill snorted with something that sounded like impatience. "Or what, Powers?" he asked boredly. "Get out of the way, we'll be late to class."
The Irish boy definitely looked interested now; John felt a flood of jealousy rush through him and almost declared that he was going on the spot just to stop Jim from attempting to go in his stead. "He thinks Carl Powers was murdered," he said instead. "He read about it in the papers and he thinks the killer stole his shoes."
hands on
John was quiet for a moment. "Promise me you'll never hide anything like that from me," he said when it had finished.
"I have coffee," Bill interjected cheerfully.
Will drummed his fingers nonchalantly on the desk. "Sherlock, you're familiar with everything I've ever written," he said, in the manner of one reasoning with a child. "Can you honestly tell me you're surprised?"
And then the detective was gone again, calling out happily to Kemp onstage to start the next scene. John completely forgot that he was also in the scene until Stamford grabbed his arm and dragged him onstage, blinking in surprise until he could remember his line. The rest of the play flew by in a blur of snatched kisses and hurried gropes in the rare moments they were alone backstage together, tucked into corners and corridors. Before John had really had time to remember the sequence of the play, Will was calling them all together again.
The frizzy-haired brunette giggled again, her dark eyes fixed intently on his. "Yeah."
John looked back up at Sherlock. "A ruined left ear," he repeated questioningly. "You recognise this Slessinger?"
They reached the seventh-form landing; the noise of the younger students rushing around each other's rooms fell away. "Her, and that teacher," Julien clarified. "And it is definitely
The Doctor gave him a long look. "A blast from the past, then?" he asked softly after a moment. "
"Do you fancy lunch?" John asks as we head back to the main road. "There's a nice Indian place around the corner, I went there with Mike the other day."
He screamed until someone came running, clutching at his leg with his right hand because the left one didn't want to move. He screamed until the people carefully prodding and examining the leg gave up and left. He screamed until they came back and shoved the gas mask in his face again and he screamed until he had no breath and he passed out.
," she protested, sounding on the verge of tears. "Why do you have to
Sherlock, satisfyingly, didn't reply. John left him hanging for a moment, just to show him how
Sherlock chuckled weakly. "I think it's too late," he replied, adjusting his shirt where a button was digging into his skin.
been a tactical stage action, John reminded himself, and it really shouldn't have meant more than that to him. "In fact," Sherlock added after a moment, "you should do it again."
Eagerly, John grabbed the boy by the shoulders and bodily moved him so that he stood in front of where John placed himself, promptly sitting attentively on the tree stump to listen to Puck's monologue, recounting how he had transfigured Bottom's head into a donkey's and then directed him towards Titania. The two of them had discussed at length whether this manipulation was intentional on Puck's part, but today Ben seemed to have decided that it definitely was, his every line filled with self-revulsion at his actions. John let his companion's horror spur him on to greater delight, the two of them lifting each other higher until John felt almost mad with it.
that John's stomach was twisting itself into sympathetic knots. "I… I can't get a lot of the Active Defence spells to work. My Shield Charms and things are fine, but I still can't make a corporeal Patronus and I don't understand what I'm doing wrong."
For a moment, John just stood there with his eyes shut and his hands on Sherlock's face, trying to do as T'Penya said but feeling incredibly stupid. Then something seemed to shift, like he'd lost his balance, and he was falling; he opened his eyes as an automatic reflex to stop himself hitting the ground, and -
John had been preparing himself for the worst, but the landing party burst into the medical bay supporting an unconscious Sherlock between them; he didn't appear to be wounded, but his face as they lowered him onto the nearest bed was ashen, even his lush lips turning white. "What happened?" John asked T'Penya briskly, bending over his friend with a tricorder and activating the bed's vital stat monitor. His heartbeat was wild and uneven, his temperature far higher than his recorded baseline.
The dog bounded happily alongside them as they descended the spiral staircases, ignoring the
"Sherlock, please," John lets his hand snake back to the place he wants it to be; the detective huffs out a desperate breath, his core muscles tensing. "I can't focus on two things at once, not this first time. This is so much, you're so much. I can't concentrate on you when you're touching me yet."
kind of conversation, even if they don't acknowledge what just happened, but Sherlock stares resolutely out of the window, giving off such a strong air of
Sherlock stared at John's cock, unconsciously licking his lips. He'd never wanted anything in his mouth so badly. He watched as the doctor kicked the red-and-white undergarment out of the way and straightened, his eyes falling hungrily on Sherlock's naked body just as Sherlock's roved over his.
The secretary smiled tightly at him. "Right. And you want to check the water systems to see if there's a way we can seal off the forest completely to stop it happening again, but Fitzherbert doesn't want to get the Martian Ministry involved, start the process to get the forest replaced?" Sherlock frowned at the young man, surprised at his speed. Marchbanks grinned. "That man is a beaurocratic nightmare. I'll see what I can do for you."
ble."
"No, that's it," he says cheerfully. "I'll get the tea, shall I?"
He's about to turn and look at the detective in a kind of surreptitious manner when he realises that Sherlock is already looking at him, his grey eyes peeking cautiously sideways in an attempt to observe without being observed. John supresses a smile.
“HOLD!” Sherlock shouted from the upper deck.
Sherlock was shaken out of his confusion and glared at the older man. “Jim Moriarty is not the only dangerous person you know, Frankie.”
John stopped his advance and thought for a moment. “And you thought the army would be safer?”
Sherlock was stunned. It took him almost a minute to realize what had happened. Sholto was still dragging Sherlock to the railing when John came leaping over from the Morstan.
’ Why did Victor have heroin? He didn’t’ remember Victor using it?
John glanced around the room. Sherlock was standing off to the right. He was looking down but John was certain he was studying him.
The haze in Sherlock’s mind lifted.
“Ah-ha!”
Mycroft rolled his eyes again and cleared his throat loudly. “So you will be coming with me?”
“He is not going anywhere with you.” John growled. He grabbed Sherlock’s arm and pulled the young man.
“Someone close to you . . . family member . . . two family members.” Sherlock said.
The two time lines are almost about to merge. Warning, things are going to be violent between Moran and Moriarty. And Jim will use the 'c' word. I was told to warn people about that. (?)
In Sherlock’s Mind Palace, he stepped into the sitting room of the flat. The worn rugs and the mismatched furniture. He could hear John’s laughter as Sherlock told him of how he eluded his brother yet again. He could see the wrinkles around John’s eyes as the man leaned up to kiss him. The taste of tea and Mrs. Hudson’s biscuits on John’s tongue. The warmth of John’s arms as they encircled the dark haired man while the two of them sat on the couch together.
“What if someone was angry with one of you and murdered your mother as punishment?” John offered.
“Yes sir!” The soldier barked back.
Sherlock remained still. John seemed to suddenly be lost somewhere in his past. His eyes became unfocused and micro-twitches pulled at the corners of his mouth.
John felt light headed as the blood rushed to his groin. He struggled out of his pants as his length swelled. Sherlock pushed him down onto the bed and crawled over John’s body. He kissed and nipped at the young man. Sherlock closed his teeth over the nub of John’s nipple. John arched up into the bite. Panting, he heard himself begging Sherlock to take him.
“I saw the medical report. I have decided it is time that I intervene.” Mycroft said.
John’s eyes followed the various member of the investigation when he noticed a tall man in a dark coat approach the police tape. The man was unusual looking with dark hair and pale skin. Sharp angles to his face and his almond shaped eyes were set unnaturally far apart. He should have been unattractive but somehow the disagreeable individual parts combined to make an extraordinarily attractive male.
