John fell into silence, no amount of prompting getting him to continue, as he got a look in his eye that Greg associated with Sherlock, one that said he was running through facts, patiently Greg sat back and waited. He'd just made them both a tea when Mrs Hudson stumbled upon them.
Mycroft entered his house, sighing as he did so, he'd just dropped off Gregory and Doctor Watson at home and then finally gathered the groceries he had wanted to hours before hand. He stripped off his clothes and put them into his washing machine along with his similar suits and turned them on, then headed to the shower to wash the tension off his shoulders, turning it on as hot as he can handle and sighing at the pressure. His hands ran over his scars inflicted by his sister, the gnawing hole where the rats had eaten through to his organs, the plus shaped incision where she opened his chest, he could still remember her words, "
"You have before, on one separate occasion. I am Mycroft Holmes," he paused at the flicker of registration, and saw her start to whisper 'freak', "Yes, brother of Sherlock, and partner to your boss, neither of which is your concern, however, I am here on behalf of both of them, as well as Doctor Watson who has more pressing matters. Don't worry, I shall see myself in."
"It, it was hell Mol, I found myself wishing I was back at Afghanistan... We got there after finding out, Eurus Holmes, yes, Sherlock's sister, had been getting out with help from the staff, she, played us from the start. She was in control the whole time, I said that we were soldiers, but really, we were prisoners of war, her war. We got tested, with small simple cases, the call to you, the one where you had to say, those words, then she feigned giving a choice to Sherlock, Mycroft or me, he had to shoot one of us, instead, we all got knocked out, gassed.
He looked up at him, with a small frown, surprised he hadn't even touched his food, and he began nibbling, more playing with his food, cutting it up into small bite sized pieces, jumping when he heard his partner clear his throat, staring at his food that was looking more and more nauseating by the second. Fighting the urge to push the plate away, he instead took another bite, stilling as he saw his medication piling up, most of which had to be taken with a meal, with the tiniest of nods, he swallowed his pills with a cold coffee.
He stared into her soft, understanding eyes, sighing and giving her a nod. "Most of its better to just show you, rather than tell."
He leaned forward onto her, exhausted and boneless. Grunting in surprise, she held him as he unexpectedly starts crying on her shoulder, she spotted Greg's face in the glass of the door to the morgue, and she realised he must have had the nurses sedate Sherlock, as she sent him a silent '
As such, as he marched towards Sally, she knew she had said the wrong thing, and she opened her mouth to apologise, but it was far too late, Captain Watson was out now, and he didn't take nonsense from anyone.
He was pulled out of his thoughts when he felt Sherlock retch against him, and he quickly dragged him over to the toilet and lifted the seat, rubbing his back as he kept retching, bringing up some more water as well as some of the mucus that was coating his lungs, Mycroft held his shaking body upright, looking at Anthea when he coughed again hard, and he moved his spare hand to rub his chest as well. With a mighty cough and retch combo, Sherlock managed to bring up a blood clot, and at the same time his nose started bleeding, grabbing offered tissues he stemmed the bleeding and pinched the nose shut, hugging the exhausted body to his chest. Relieved he could feel his brother breathing as he rested, he looked at the screen Anthea showed him, which simply said '
They walked back over to the body, and looked over the injuries together. With gloved hands, as careful as possible, his hands darted over the skin, brushing the gashes, Molly watched his gentle nature for a second, before moving onto the more private area, taking swabs of it. The two worked in silence, looking over every slice, every puncture, until the machine that was running DNA let out a noise, indicating it was finished, which Molly ran over to and checked it, scrunching her nose in irritation.
She got handed paper, and with a shaky hand she wrote a small message on the paper, adding what he told her to at the end, and he took it, pulling out finally and placing the note just outside. Before crawling back over her, from the light in the pod, she saw the sadistic smile that adorned his face. Leaning over her face so he could see the reaction, he grabbed his knife once more, and sliced down her arms deeply, enjoying the scream that tore from her, before letting out a yell of her own, as in the split moment he closed his eyes, she bit a chunk off his nose and held it in her mouth. In a fit of rage he pinned her arms to the bed with two knifes and shoved his usual one up her freshly raped hole, watching the pain in her eyes, as the energy to scream had left her. His knife danced along her torso, between her ribs, and punctured her breasts, before slicing her organs to shreds.
"Sergeant Donovan? Why are you out here and not leading the investigation?"
He entered the meeting, inwardly smiling, this is what he was looking for. He could smell the thick smell of depression. Feel the heaviness of suicidal thoughts. The smothering, choking feel of anxiety. The heavy fog of dissociation. Taking a breath to centre himself, he himself shrouded himself in the cloak that made him fit in so well with them, lingering in the background, like any newbie would, waiting until the leader gestured him forward, and he joined the group hesitantly. Sitting in one of the empty chairs, he withdrew into himself, making himself seem small, while gauging every ones reactions.
John cast his eye over the man, who seemed to have shrunk since witnessing John's flashback, and hefted a heavy sigh.
The timer for his last cake went off and he set it on a final cooling rack, covering each one up, before heading out, alerting his driver on where to take him, holding his umbrella tightly.
Mycroft watches as his brothers eyes slide over him finally, first stopping on where his scars are, inclining his head in a small nod of confirmation.
Okay, so, there is gonna be a tad more detail in terms of the victim, and a hell of a lot of detail into sexual abuse towards the end in this chapter, keep yourself safe, i warned you.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Having enough of watching his friend torture himself, Greg strode forward and pounced, pinning down his distressed friend. He instantly regretted it. John went haywire. His military training kicked in and he bucked Gregory off, reaching for his gun, blinking awake as he did, freezing and looking around his surroundings, confused, and panicked.
did I have to find out Sherlock was in hospital, from Mrs Hudson? Why didn't you at least text me? I would have thought after fucking Sherrinford that you'd at least trust me more? Given the fucking circumstances we found us in? Instead, I have to find from my landlady where Sherlock was, information that you kept away from me, which caused me to get angry in front of your partner which then led to me accidentally triggering him. Did you think any of that would happen?" John paused, looking Mycroft up and down, giving the man the uneasy feeling of being deduced himself, feeling his walls being stripped down as he stared the doctor down. "No, I can see you didn't. In fact, you didn't even expect us to be back that early. The only reason we even were back early was because I wanted Greg to see a sick Sherlock, show him a new side to him, see if it helped cheer him up, because the man is a wreck, your man is a wreck, you should look after him more. Yes I know I'm one to talk, seeing as Sherlock is lying in a bed, when I should have seen the signs, known he was getting worse, as a doctor i should have recognised the worsening symptoms."
"John?"
"Not as many as you'd think. So?"
Mycroft nodded an 'of course' and made the arrangements necessary. Once John was done and prepared they all entered the car and drove to the hospital, John dozing in the car once again, his head resting on Gregs shoulder, as he and Mycroft exchanged glances, holding each others hands. When they reached the hospital Gregory tried shaking John gently awake, but other than a mumble he stayed out of it, so his partner got out, went around to the door, and lifted John easily, frowning as he feels a bit of weight loss.
"Wait, how do you know? You've been playing for the last half an hour."
The silver haired man sits back and pants, catching his breath as it keeps hitching, watching Sherlock take everything in and slide his hand under John's shirt and sweater, telling exactly when he feels each scar, giving a small smile as he encloses the smaller man in his arms. Bowing his head in apology and placing a gentle kiss on his relaxed form.
The further they got from the cafe and crowds, the more Greg loosened back up, though he kept looking around everywhere, as if expecting something to happen, or someone to pop up. They kept walking until John found a nice secluded place for them to sit down and have their coffee and eat their pastries, John groaned and muttered under his breath when he spotted the car again.
"Greg? Mate? Wha' the 'ell is 'appening?" Tiredness causing him to slur his words.
With barely veiled horror, he was staring at scars littering his brothers thighs, most sticking out of the boxers, he tore his eyes away and moved forward, just in time to catch Mycroft's limp body, heaving him back up onto the bed, slipping the oxygen mask that Mycroft had carelessly tossed aside as his breathing hitched up into panicked hyperventilating, eyes wide, and his usual icy mask shattered, as he stared in sheer panic at his younger brother, clasping at his hand. The monitors picked up on the erratic breathing and heart rate and screamed their displeasure, private nurses (only the best for the British Government after all) raced in, and stopped at a moment they had never encountered with their worst patient, he was accepting help, even more so, the help of his brother, their second worse patient (some would argue it was the other way round.) Sherlock held his brother by the shoulders, eyes staring into eyes, as they together worked on slowing Mycroft's breathing, once the monitors had calmed, Sherlock snapped his fingers and pointed to a nurse without looking at her.
So, imma just do this, Trigger warning definitely, just cause part of it is being from the victims point of view, all of it, up until the death, and if you've read this far, then im sure you know what that implies. I would like it on the record that i do not endorse, or encourage any of this, it is simply a story that i have come up with.
He glanced at the file sent, before pushing it aside, grabbing a new clean notebook, he had a new experiment to run. He opened the notebook to the first page, labelling it '
"Nope. I'm not telling you anything. Mycroft's orders, I'd rather not know how Mycroft would punish me if he knew I told you. He's too protective of his loved ones." John had paled at the questions, before regaining himself, playfully nudging Greg with his shoulder and holding the door open as they left, in pursuit of a nearby cafe.
She checks in order from most to least, just in order to possibly alleviate any worries they may have for her.
"Nonsense mate. Happens to us all, we're here for you, don't forget that. Why don't tonight, you sleep over at my place?"
"Sergeant Donovan. I have no need for official status as a detective to prove that I am intelligent. Last I checked, the fact that I am a doctor who served as Captain of 5th Northumberland in Afghanistan, and the partner of Sherlock Holmes, and as I know how to learn and not just belittle people who I do not understand by calling them 'Freak,' I do believe that makes me more than qualified to look upon this scene and make deductions to assess what happened at this scene."
"Is that-"
"What-" he breaks into coughing again, taking a breath from his oxygen before wheezing out, "what happened to him?"
"Nd I'd do it again..." A mumbled voice interrupted them. John blearily staring at them. Heaving himself out of the chair and stumbling for the coffee, applying fresh patches as he does, ignored the barely veiled concern following him.
"Yes Lestrade."
He frowned. It took the killer this long to kill again? Early pattern had suggested this killer had severe blood lust with a huge sadistic streak, requiring a kill a day to be satisfied, what took them so long? Realising he had spent several minutes standing there thinking he sent a reply.
John quietened at that, listening to the steady sound of the heart monitor.
"I would have thought that as His partner, you would have made me official too Mycroft. Sally Donovan seems to think I am completely incompetent by myself, and is unsure I am up to the task."
He stood for five minutes, not quite seeing them, before in an uncharacteristic move, he smashed them in a fit of rage, no cake was spared. By the time he was finished, he was panting, standing over the crumbs, a wave of emotion shook him, and he burst into tears, picking the crumbs up and eating them, before brushing them into a bin, and pulling out a cake he'd made two days ago, slicing a thick slice, covering it in cream and eating it in the living room, taking the cake with him. Staring into nothing, he made quick work of the first slice, then the second, and the third, until the cake was gone, with rising horror, he realised what he'd done. He stood and quickly washed the dishes with shame, heading to his exercise room and setting the equipment on high, working out to work the cake off, turning up the treadmill more to try, futilely, out run his thoughts, he detested when his own thoughts got to him, and he knew from experience that his Mind Palace would do the opposite of help, instead escalating everything.
"Hello?"
John shifted uneasily, giving her a pleading look. "Molly, I, I don't know if I can..."
"How many is that?"
Sally gathered up what little dignity she had left and lead John up to the room where the body was. He followed her into the room and took a second to centre himself, the stench of blood was stronger at this crime scene than the previous one, and it wasn't hard to see why. There was limited dry patches where the blood hadn't reached, and the source of the blood was clear to see to all who were in the room. Along with the butchering of the arms, the neck had also been sliced all around, and the legs along the femoral artery had also been butchered. Standing on little benches strategically placed over the blood, John got closer, and saw efforts to cut organs, he suspected the heart, out of the chest cavity. With a gloved hand, he shifted the bra strap to look closer at a scar he'd seen poking out, closing his eyes when it confirmed it was self inflicted, and he scanned along the rest of the body, nodding when he confirmed suspicions. He scanned the room for any obvious notes before striding out, purposely bumping into Donovan as he did so, as he walked into the kitchen first, his smirk looking very Sherlock when he saw a row of various psychiatric medications, reading over each of them before noting the doctors who prescribed them. On a hunch he whirled back and walked first to the bathroom and looked through cabinets and then the bedroom, ignoring the line of people behind him.
John frowned at Anthea, or whatever she called herself currently, "So, what you're telling me is, Greg is possibly bleeding to death from a maybe self inflicted wound, but exact specifics can not be told, only that he is on his way to St Barts and would I like to go see him?" He folded his arms in front of him in disbelief, before a sigh escaped him and he nodded.
"Unnecessary things. You don't understand, I must keep my mind-"
Again, simple. Those are the more shallow scars, the deeper ones are out of desperation, each speaking of rage, a moment of no rational thought whatsoever, therefore it was a hope, a grasp at an anchor they couldn't grab without help.
He browsed the streets, continuing his checking, while he looked up the time of the next support group, smiling inwardly when he saw he had two hours till it, just enough time for bait. He shoved his hands into his hoodie, fiddling with his purchase, grinning as he ran his thumb along his blade. As he was making his way to a nearby public toilet, he sneezed, suddenly and painfully, groaning and clutching his nose, gingerly feeling the gauze on its tip, sighing in relief as there was no blood bleeding through.
One must observe and see of course. They show no hesitation whatsoever, and look at the depth of the cuts between the ulnar and radius, no one could do that to themselves, no matter what state they were in. Some innate instinct would stop them.
John? John! You're having a nightmare! Wake up!" Greg hesitantly walked towards John's now thrashing form, not wishing to get too close.
A week later found Gregory in his first appointment with a new psychiatrist, while Mycroft waited for him at home, baking up a storm, making full use of their 4 separate ovens. Each was a different flavour. He had a zesty lemon flavoured one in an oval tin with a few minutes remaining, an apple and cinnamon cooling on a rack, a chocolate and orange cake just put in and was finishing mixing up a berry cake with a mix of various berries. After pouring in the mix into a new tin and popping it into the oven, he gave the bowl a test lick with his finger, before putting the mixing bowls into the sink and running water over them, before putting the majority of the ingredients away except for those that'd be used as decoration, checking his pantry to see he had everything, despite knowing some of his supplies were low, and he made a mental list as he washed the bowls and dried them, just as he was finishing up his phone went off, alerting him to a new text.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively in her direction, already seeing the scenes laid out again in perfect detail, walking himself around it.
She puts her hands on his shoulders, and sits him down on a chair, rubbing his shoulders comfortingly. "John, it'll help. Please, for me."
"All available units to St Christopher's Inn. I repeat all available units to St Christopher's Inn!"
He strode back out before fully examining the body, with a resigned sigh, John looked towards Lestrade for permission, after a slight pause, it was given, with glazed over eyes. Brushing off the behaviour, he crouched beside the victim, pulling out a spare magnifying glass he took from Sherlock once, looking closer at the arms, before moving into the head wound, ignoring the two scoffs behind him, before getting back up and leaving, opting to walk back to the flat, feeling no need to vocalise his findings, he was simply confirming what they all already knew.
"My apologies, regardless, she was making progress, she was on a new prescription, she was seeing a therapist, she was getting better, someone getting better wouldn't commit, wouldn't do this, Gerome, I know there is more to this case."
"You know that when Mycroft finds out about this, he is going to kill me and my body will never be found, but before that, 20 bucks says the next 10 people who walk past us assume we're a couple."
"Would you like me to stay until you are cleared and Greg is discharged?"
"You could at least be gentle about it." With that Mrs Hudson bustled out, "And remember, neither John nor I are your housekeepers, seriously my dear boy, the amount of, I dare say stuff you leave around is both atrocious and dangerous to poor Rosie."
"Yes yes, I'm sorry, but its true."
The rage shown towards her body shows that the killer may have a disliking towards females, especially those who reject him harshly. In his rage he also pinned her down into the bed with two extra knives, he didn't wish her to fight back, so he's strong to be able to do that, the amount of blood here and the previous victim indicates his blood lust is rising. Molly, did I miss anything? Sherlock, do you see anything extra?"
"Johnnnnn, I am quite capable of looking after myselfffff." Sherlock whined, fighting to sit up with a groan, holding his now throbbing head, not protesting when John pushed him back down.
He prowled the aisles of the pharmacy, casually glancing at exposed forearms, staring at covered ones, as he eavesdropped on conversations at the counter, carefully putting up a pretence of being nervous and playing with his sleeves as he placed down gauze, plasters, tape and antiseptic on the counter, knowing to anyone normal it'll seem like a normal purchase, but to his, choice, it'd resonate with them. Getting no bites, he took his leave with his purchase.
"Can we visit Sherlock again soon? Within the hour soon?"
"I took the liberty of looking up the girl of your latest case as i knew neither of us would sleep when you returned. Her name is Ashley Ryader, her father was never in the picture, and her mother and her younger brother died in a car crash when she was 6. From then she lived with her grandparents, she has a history of sexual abuse, a close family friend took child pornagraphic images of her, when she was 8, he was arrested on charges of multiple child pornagraphic charges. When she developed breasts, her grandfather would grope her breasts from behind when she sat on his lap, later on, at the age of 16 he indecently exposed himself to her, telling her 'this is a mans penis.' She ran away not long after that, finding her way to London and living on the streets, she was admitted to A&E on multiple occasions, most were for various attempts, and others were for alcohol poisoning. After many months she cleaned up, found a flat and was studying Psychology, she was raped just a few months ago in an alley after a late study session. I do believe for a while she may have been a part of my dear brother's Homeless network, but I am unsure of that."
He stares in awe at the nose, before shaking his head to clear it, "No, I haven't, but I can tell cause of death, and I do recognise wounds.
When they got there, she offered gloves, which he took, and with a nod of readiness, she took off the sheet, watching him stumble back at the viciousness of the wounds. Giving him time to breath, she pulled him over to what she'd been testing since she got it.
The door burst open, with Sherlock clutching his IV stand, his oxygen mask hanging around his neck, Lestrade following close after him. "It may be slim, but its still something, what have you two got for me?"
Swooping on the body, Sherlock quickly his investigation, pulling out his magnifying glass, and running through his findings.
"Do you feel up to talking?"
"You often make this offer to the newbies?"
John scowled at the disconnected call, before throwing his phone at the wall, smiling as he heard a satisfying crack.
"As ever, your sense of smell is sharp, brother mine."
"I do, I have a flat, but, it has many knives, and, right now I might use them..." He pouted and looked down, working on making himself look pathetic.
"Oh do use your brain. We found a condom wrapper, hidden in an obvious place, and the last victim was, assaulted, the chances are so high even Anderson could guess."
"Stop that."
Eventually Greg calmed and stood upright, pulling out a pack of tissues and blowing his nose and offering a watery smile.
"Yes, well, some people are worth melting for." With a light blush dusting his cheeks, Mycroft beat a hasty retreat, leaving a giggling Greg behind.
The last part was murmured low, but not too low that Molly couldn't hear it.
"Blimey that was fast." He sips at the tea, "But why are you telling me? Why now I mean, clearly you just came from it, otherwise I would have gotten a text."
Once again, John found himself being hung up on, just in time for him to pull up to the crime, taking a moment to find his, 'Captain persona' as Sherlock loved calling it, he strode out of the car towards Sally, the officer who drove him chuckled, and rushed after him, he wanted to see how that would go on.
"Oh are you 'fine' John? Because I believe I just woke you from the starts of a nightmare. But, I am here because a new victim has been found."
Clenching his teeth he angrily scrolled through his contacts and hit call.
"Sherlock Holmes, tolerable? Now that I have to see, but yes, decent coffee sounds heavenly, maybe after we visit your sick Holmes, we could go back and taste some of my Holmes art." His smile grows a bit, a spark appearing in his eye and his whole demeanour changed slightly. "Now, tell me about the case. Any new developments? Has the-"
"Are, are you okay?"
"As My brother has constantly told me, you like telling people you are a captain, so use that as your officiality, and remind Ms Donovan that the only reason she is in charge of the case is because Detective Inspector Lestrade is indisposed and you have express permission from the higher up in charge of the Yard, superintendent included to be there. If that does not work, then simply inform me and I shall make arrangements. Good day Doctor."
"Fine. I didn't want to sleep, in case I had a nightmare."
"Watson, its Donovan here, we just got a new body, the killer if you are sure its that struck again, I've sent an officer to pick you and the freak up to see the new body."
"Because John, he's brought us a cake."
Sherlock escaped into his mind palace, drawing on the memory of Ashley, and looking her over as he'd last seen her, looking over everything, until,
It took her a while to gasp out the words, her chest heaving as she fought the floating feeling that came before her dissociative episodes. "W-what? My, my, my note?"
John clenched his fist at his side, shooting a glare towards Donovan as he walked past her, before running into Sherlock's tense back, with a grumble he moved to beside him and looked at the scene before him, a gasp escaping his mouth. Before them lay a woman, still so young, her blond hair splayed out behind her head, a pool of blood lay below her, evident by large slashes down her arms that still oozed blood at a slower wait. When Sherlock didn't immediately start examining the body like he normally does, John glanced at him, alarmed to see the normally unemotional Sherlock Holmes, the one who refuted emotions claiming they were illogical, completely shut down, looking like a statue, with his eyes flicking over the body.
"Sherlock, its 2am, whatever it is, I'm sure it can wait."
Greg awoke the next morning to the smell of bacon and eggs, and something else. Dragging himself out of bed, hissing in pain as his arms pulled and his bandages rubbed, feeling the scabs lift and start to bleed once more. After taking care of his morning business, he headed out to the kitchen, his stuffed dragon in one hand, a soft smile spreading across his face at the sight of his lover in the kitchen with an apron on, covering his dress shirt and trousers the most casual he normally goes. He sat at the counter, grunting his thanks as Mycroft slid over a cup of hot coffee without looking up, watching over the eggs, bacon and stack of pancakes. Without a word, simply a small frown, he dished up the bacon and eggs, flipping a stack of pancakes onto a plate and pouring in the next batch, sliding Greg's meds, including an iron vitamin to rebuild it back up, and breakfast over to him. Except for the clattering of dishes the kitchen, it was silent, causing Greg to shift in his seat and grunt as he moved the wounds once more, the concerned look he got from Mycroft was the biggest emotional response he'd gotten in a day.
Sherlock woke to his violin gone, presumably back in its case on his desk, a still steaming cup of tea on his bed side table, and a rustling of papers. He shot up and stared at John who sat beside him, reading Ashley's file, a frown etched on his brow as he read, which disappeared when he saw Sherlock was awake, straightening the ruffled curls and handing over the file.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"John!" A hand reaches out and grabs John's arm, and he jolts awake, bolting upright, and looking over the room, with the empty bed, panicked filled eyes meeting Molly's, asking a silent question.
"He took a lot of the injuries, every time it looked like she was going to kill me, he called her back to him. I, I own my life to him Greg."
He strolled back towards 221b Baker street, shedding his Captain attitude, and sighing as Mycroft's car pulled up along side him and he popped in with him.
Turning on the lights of her unmarked car, she sped all the way to the inn, showing her badge to the bored receptionist, she unlocked the door to the room and froze at the scene. Only one word described what awaited her. Bloodbath. She stumbled outside and managed to send one text before emptying the contents of her stomach.
"Look, how about this, just until you feel better, you stay with me, sound good? I'm clean, nothing too dangerous, I can keep an eye on you, and I can help change you're bandages, not to mention, you can talk to me if you feel the urge."
And after all the universe is rarely so lazy, so it can't be that. I need more data, specifically Victim two's file, and ideally a third victim,
He felt like he wasn't breathing as he watched them attempt to attach an IV to him, unable to find any veins, despite experience, with an impatient scoff he show'd them an up-to-date certificate and took over, for once thanking his experience with his drug addict of a brother, whose veins were frequently impossible to find, and with practiced ease, managed to find and slip it into a vein they had attempted, and written off, sitting back down after. It was after that it really hit him. As he watched Gregory's condition worsen in the race against time. His own diaphragm froze, unable to take in oxygen, panic and adrenaline mixed with shock coursing through his veins. The only thought running through his head was,
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Eurus? Did I hear a scream?"
That was two hours ago. She cursed to herself and turned on her lamp, stumbling to the light switch and getting dressed with one hand, making a phone call with the other.
every
"Only the ones who seem they need the help."
Sherlock entered the room, to see his brother rapidly disrobing and changing back into a new suit, his bloodied one in a bag behind him. A startled sound alerted Mycroft to his brother, and whirled around, both fear and shame flickered across his face, chased by anger, before settling on his neutral face, watching the show upon Sherlock's face, as fear, relief, concern, confusion and anger dance across his. Finally the two stared at each other, Mycroft dressed in just his boxers and an open shirt, heart monitor electrodes still littering his chest, as well as some dried blood on his stomach and covering his arms and hands, along with some smeared across his face, which was also littered with various scrapes and forming bruises. Realising Sherlock was staring, Mycroft gave a thin tight-lipped smile and tried maintaining his dignity, straightening up, shaking hands grabbing wipes and trying to scrub off the blood, which he realised was also on his legs.
"Sherlock isn't here, but, there are signs he got sicker."
I'll confirm that with him later,
The figure crawled over her and grabbed the phone, tossing it and the bag out into the room, before quickly removing her clothes with a knife, with gentle precision, tossing the ruined garments out as well, pinning down her shoulders hard enough to leave a bruise, he, for she was sure it was male by now, forced open her legs and with one thrust entered her. Her scream echoed around the pod, which, to her shock caused her assailant to let out a moan of pleasure, his thrusting became more animalistic and rough and she could feel bruises forming, with a final grunt, he finished into the condom he wore. Holding a knife to her throat, in a calm voice, he spoke.
"Mmph."
"Okay dear Brother, I can do that for you. Okay, lets see, oh, I know where to start, that Nurse who fetched me that water, this is only the second time of her ever dealing with us, she's young still, and almost as naive as Molly was when she first saw me. Easily scared though, so of course she must be very silent and submissive to all around her, she likely gets the worst jobs here, something she is used to despite her short time on Earth... "
Greg's phone kept buzzing on the night stand beside his side of the bed. Text after text flooding in, from Donovan, asking if he was feeling any better, and that new information had come up regarding the new case. However, it went unanswered, going silent once more, neglected.
She nods, turning her lips to one side to think it over, moving to one side as John breezed past her.
The last of his words echoed across the car park. Silence following them, before a round of applause from the officers watching. Sally nodded, stirring something more in Captain Watson.
She stared blankly at him, blinking, before weakly pulling herself together. "I, I'm too close to this victim. I, I knew her, spoke, texted her only hours before hand." She held out the phone on the screen of texts, which he took and read over, as she seemed to snap more out of it, "I'm sorry, who are you? I haven't seen you before I don't think..."
Gun of course statistically being a popular choice among men.
Understanding, she moved back, watching as he removed his sweater and the plaid shirt underneath, her hand flying to her mouth as she sees the scars. Her eyes following the scars, "You can touch them..." Her heart shattered at how resigned and hurt he sounded, her hand brushing along the Y-incision of the autopsy scar that was performed on him, she followed each line between his ribs, surprised when she realised some of his ribs had been removed, she brushed along the nubs of where they were sawed off, apologising when he flinched. He turned around and she saw his back was just as scarred, she traced the marks of flaps that would have showed off his organs, and scars of whole skin removed to see the muscles without needing to slice into them, those scars she saw, made it along his arms. As she looked at one of the scars, she got a closer look at his neck, seeing slices around his larynx. She backed away, and patiently waited.
"Okay, great, i want you to breath with me, okay? Breath properly for me. Can you do that?"
Sherlock turned to look at his brother, frowning when he noticed him gone, and he turned to Molly inquisitively, noticing her face change from an expression he couldn't recognise to professional.
He cursed under his breath. He now had a new Crime scene for the case, Sally Donovan as the leading detective, a now likely broken phone, and to top it off, a sick Sherlock from the amount of time he spent in the hospital visiting Greg and Mycroft. Picking up the phone and shoving it in his pocket, he stalked towards the consulting detectives room and threw open the door, stopping at the pitiful sight. Sherlock was hunched under his sheet with just his face poking out, his eyes and nose were a bright red and he squinted up at John, tissues littered the floor. As John stood there, Sherlock brought out a tissue bunch and with a mighty
The Holmes' they'd be the death of John, he swears. He knew Mycroft would not respond but would do as requested, if for no other reason than to check to see if Sherlock was truly sick. Speaking of, he sent a photo of him to Greg, in hopes of getting a laugh from his friend, he'd just sent it when a reply came through that got him scowling again.
The ex-soldier nodded, shoulders tense, and stumbled down the stairs, yawning, making the tea as the two sat down and stared at each other. John clearly fighting sleep and darting his eyes back up to the room, before his eyes drifted shut again. Mycroft took the opportunity to truly look at him,
Mycroft arrived just in time to see his Gregory writhe off the couch, he dived under him and lifted his head onto his lap, pulling off Gregorys top, eyes zeroing in on the bandage, which, now that it was exposed was clearly soaked with blood, leaving it on, he elected to instead apply pressure via pressing the top on the blood, feeling sick at the sight of it. Luckily, (more like the service being paid heavy donations every time the button was pressed) the ambulance arrived and got directed by Mycrofts shouts of distress. He had found his composure, not that he had ever really lost it, and had told them exactly what had happened the night before and what he found just before, offering to donate immediately as he knew he was the correct blood type. The EMT's looked him over, and then the bloody files he (somewhat) shakily handed over, showing both of their blood was clear of all possible disease transmittable and the right type, with a nod they agreed to draw blood, but once at the hospital. With some argument, he was able to ride with them, and he watched, wide eyed, his less bloodied hand took out his phone and texted his assistant, telling her to tell both Sherlock and John of the situation and send a car if they request to see him.
"Please. Don't insult my intelligence. There was no note for starters, and apart from the assault on her a few months ago, she was doing well."
Entering the toilets, he checked every stall, before entering the one for disabled people or parents, carefully removing his hoodie and placing it on the changing table, getting out his instruments. Grabbing his sharp blade, he rested it on his forearm, closing his eyes, and drawing it across the skin, hissing softly as relief and numbness floods his system, before flexing his arm, pleased he still had full function, drawing two more cuts along the first, checking they were deep enough so they could bleed two hours later still, with a nod, he let it bleed. For good measure, he methodically drew lines across his ribs, and then on his thigh, covering all the bases, he let them all bleed for a while, before dressing each one, starting with his thigh, and finally his arm. Checking each one once they were covered, smiling when they were. Perfect. Cleaning his blade, and flushing all evidence away, he ruffled his hair pulling on the hoodie, shrinking in it, he pulled the hoodie up around him and checked his reflection in the mirror. Perfect. He looked the part.
‘Agreed,’ Mycroft laughed. Sherlock smiled at his brother, his self-proclaimed worst enemy, hesitated, and held out his hand. ‘Thank you, Mycroft.’
and nodded at the children, though his brain had completely closed down. He was presented with the Sword, then the Orb, and finally the archbishop took the crown and said, ‘O God the Crown of the faithful: bless we beseech thee this Crown, and so sanctify thy servant Sherlock upon whose head this day thou dost place it for a sign of Royal Majesty, that he may be filled by thine abundant grace with all princely virtues: through the King eternal Jesus Christ our Lord.’
‘John-‘ Sherlock said again, throwing his head back as John bit at his neck, ‘John-‘
‘Fair to middling,’ Izzy replied, and Sherlock kissed her forehead. ‘I just wanted to check in before my speech- I’m about to do it.’ He shook hands with Greg. ‘Gabriel. Delighted.’
Sherlock was wearing what the Americans commonly referred to as a tuxedo. Irene had picked it out for him, selecting a plain black suit with a white shirt and a blue bow-tie, to ‘bring out his eyes’. He didn't even feel that uncomfortable, which was nice, though he did wonder if he would be slightly over-dressed.
He looked like he hadn’t slept, Smith said. He was wearing black slacks and a purple shirt with the buttons in the wrong holes; he had ignored the gaping soldiers completely, walking straight to Sholto and demanding he was shown to the medical tent. When Sholto shakily pointed it out to him, Sherlock had turned around and strode into the tent without a word.
‘I can feel you looking at me.’ Sherlock said, still facing forwards as he walked. He walked as if he were dancing, John thought hazily.
‘I love you.’ Sherlock whispered. A tear dropped down his nose and John was looking at him as if he wanted Sherlock to say something else but Sherlock was as empty as James Moriarty’s eyes. ‘I love you, John.’
do it now?’
Christopher smiled and picked up the screwdriver, throwing it at his father. ‘You do it.’
‘Don’t you dare stop.’ John growled and Sherlock smiled, ducking back down and licking the top of John’s dick, flicking his tongue along the slit horrifically, brilliantly, slowly. John was incredibly close to coming, and Sherlock knew it, so he was deliberately staving off John’s orgasm for as long as he could, and if John hadn't been so close to coming he would have whacked his boyfriend’s arm and commanded him to
The flames sputtered and died.
Jenny blushed. ‘What’s my boy been telling you? I mean, I have- I like them, you, of course, but-‘
‘He’s bad news,’ Irene said as she sat next to Molly. ‘Tell John about him, Richard.’ John glanced at her and she smirked. ‘I can’t call him
John sighed. ‘Jesus, mate. Just because you’re a celebrity doesn’t mean I’m going to treat you any different.’
‘I do,’ Harry confirmed. ‘But I have a weakness for pomp.’
‘John!’ Sherlock whipped around as quickly as possible and jumped to his feet (because that’s not at all suspicious, his brain whispered), smoothing down his jacket. ‘I thought you’d-‘
) and hugging John to him, making him feel small and protected. He’d imagined him apologising, kissing their mother and making up with his daughter.
his doubts and
together sounds like a good idea, in theory, but put it into practice…
He had never seen, nor heard, anything like that. Sherlock had looked at him, his eyes flicking over him, and told him all his darkest secrets, just like that, just from looking at him.
Sherlock was standing in the same place, his eyes stormy but his voice calm, staring at his father.
‘Says you, Mr I’m-so-clever-but-I-can’t-even-see-how-far-up-my-arse-my-head-is-‘
‘It was Jim,’ Sherlock said monotonously. ‘Jim and Sherrinford. Mycroft knows about Sherrinford, but not Jim.’
John sits there for twenty-four hours, waiting for the rush, the thrill, the buzz, but it doesn't come.
‘This is a turn-up, isn’t it Sherlock?’ John, John’s voice, emphasising the
‘This is your fault!’ Sherlock screamed at James. ‘All your fault! Everything you touch turns to
and he missed him so much in that moment that it physically hurt-
Sherlock was staring at him, that sad look in his eyes again.
knows what love is.
This was John so past upset, so past angry, so past betrayed his brain had shut down.
. It was a tiny village, only ten or eleven huts, and John shouted, ‘Hunter, Smith, you take the North and West. Isaac and Becca-‘
John shook his head in confusion. ‘What?’
‘Sherlock,’ John said gently, ‘you aren’t cursed. I swear to god, you’re not. They’re investigating what happened to your father; I’m alive, aren’t I? And your mother-‘
’ Irene is shocked, Sherlock can tell immediately. ‘My entire business is based on my
Sherlock frowned. ‘What are you talking about, Jack? Home is a house. The dictionary defines home as the place one lives permanently, especially as a member of a family or household.’
‘And I,’ John replied, ‘like you, Sherlock Holmes.’
‘This can’t continue.’ Morag said from behind William. She was actually smiling, John noticed. What bitch smiled as she broke the hearts of two teenagers? ‘William,’ John remembered she was the only person who called Sherlock William and grit his teeth, ‘you will be banned from leaving the palace without supervision. You will not be allowed to see your friends, you will get a therapist to see if he can work out why you’re having these unnatural urges. John Watson, you will never set foot in this palace again. In fact, your highness,’ she turned to the King, ‘now I think about it, maybe we could get a restraining order against him.’
John had flicked his hair out of his eyes and stared up at his boyfriend. ‘What?’ He wanted to add
John lost it. ‘How the hell did you even get in here?’ He whispered as angrily as he could. ‘Sherlock had you banned.’ He didn’t mention how happy he was when Sherlock had told him he was barring her from the castle; he hated her.
. ‘Please, Johnny.’
John had just opened his mouth to take in Sherlock’s utterly monstrous cock when Sherlock had asked breathlessly, ‘How many have you had?’
‘Not sad, Dante,’ Sherlock whispered. ‘Happy. So, so, happy.’
Harry huffed. ‘Well, then, let’s have a look around.’
He ran down the stairs and into the kitchen, ignoring exclamations from the cooks and went up the stairs, up the stairs that led to the roof where he waited when Sherlock had official duties, up the stairs that led to the roof where he and Sherlock had reconciled after their ‘two year hiatus’, up the stairs that led to the roof where Jim Moriarty and Sherlock would be confronting each other-
) and sarcastic smile, and everyone seems to get a little brighter after the birth of his son.
A small part of his brain asked why he was reacting so badly, why he was so upset when he couldn't do anything about it.
John raised an eyebrow despite himself, impressed. He didn't have to say anything, he knew that, but something inside him compelled him to say, ’You speak French and English fluently already?’
Nathaniel is quiet as John tells him, and then says quietly, ‘you’ll be gone soon.’
John smirked. Sarah wasn’t exactly the first girl he’d ever kissed, and he very much doubted that she would be the last, but he was sixteen and she was fit. He leaned in, puckering his lips, and kissed her, enjoying the feeling as they rolled backwards onto the grassy knoll outside the school.
John, who was examining the corpse on the floor, looked up at the profanity and raised an eyebrow at his partner. ‘That’s not like you, Sherlock. You usually reserve swears for Mycroft and particularly juicy serial killers.’
let our father down.
‘I’m not going to bow.’ John’s father said, and Sherlock’s heart sank. The man was glaring at him so hard Sherlock could almost feel it, cutting into him like-
John looked at his partner in surprise; Sherlock and Harry had never gotten on. Harry looked similarly taken aback, though she managed a quick smile at Sherlock. ‘Thanks,’ she said softly.
Sherlock picked up his youngest son and twirled him around, laughing as the toddler shouted in excitement, his black curls flying everywhere. Sherlock put him down and made a funny face at him; Jacob clapped his hands together, his eyes shining. Out of all Sherlock’s children, Jacob was the only one with Violet’s eyes.
Sherlock is unique. John is certain of that. But Sherlock is not just unique in the child-like way a mother tells her child that he is unique: Sherlock is actually unique, a one-of-a-kind who has and will never be seen a second time. His way of thinking is unique, his way of talking is unique, the way he reads and reacts to situations is unique, and John adores that about him.
she seems to say, and John knows that Sherlock would have loved his granddaughter too. Yet another person who Sherlock never got to meet because of a stupid mistake.
Hunter was a little bit passive aggressive.
Sherlock didn’t reply, simply staring at the ground, and this was when John noticed that Jim had fallen backwards, the gun loose in his hand, blood pooling from the back of his head.
were indestructible as well as immortal. I didn’t know (I’ve healed gunshot wounds, stab wounds and grown back a finger but was not sure if a deadly shot to the head or heart could be recovered from) and was in no way willing to test the theory with my only child. So I bargained: I fought in the wars, and Felix stayed home. He was so young in 1914, only thirty, thirty-one, and barely grasping the concept of eternity. I did what I had to do.’
‘I love
Mycroft raised an eyebrow before sighing and nodding. 'Fine. You can come out.'
‘I bet you wish I had jumped earlier,’ he teased. The mirth on Mycroft’s features faded and he looked away. ‘Never, Sherlock.' He paused, and then said quietly, 'your loss would break my heart.’
talking like nothing had happened, like they were still John-and-Sherlock, Sherlock-and-John, but there was no time for that as Sherlock said, ‘He wasn't there when I woke up. We were sharing a bed,’ John winced in the darkness, ‘And he was gone when I woke up. When he didn't come back I got worried, so I dressed and came outside. He was waiting outside the main building, and I watched Sherrinford come out and then I saw them leave. I didn't think much of it, I thought-‘ his voice caught, and John could almost hear the tears in his voice as he continued, ‘I thought they might be doing something for me, but when my father woke me up-‘ He dissolved into tears and John didn't even hesitate before reaching an arm around the younger boy. ‘God, Sherlock.’
and he also suspected that if he did say something he might cry.
John laughed incredulously. ‘Sher, I had no idea.’
‘John!’ A woman, probably John’s mother, said happily. ‘We weren’t expecting you. What a lovely surprise.’
John had no idea what she was doing but went along with it, partially because now everyone was looking and partially because she might have been a lesbian who clearly had no urge to sleep with him, but Irene was a
‘She’s in a private room.’ Sheila raised an eyebrow. ‘I didn’t know you had money.’
John had been kissing Sarah for maybe half a minute when the first pain shot through his left arm. ‘Fuck!’ He swore, pushing her away, trying to push his sleeve up, but it was immediately followed by a second, burning pain, and then a third, and a fourth, until he was hiked in the grass, left arm clutched under him, curled in a ball. ‘Oh, shit.’
Sherlock huffed. ‘Well, actually, I was going to go and throw plums into the path of moving trains to investigate-‘ And then, seeing John’s face, ‘I mean. Nothing, of course.’
‘Fine,’ Sherlock snapped. He picked up John’s coat, which had fallen on the floor, paused for a moment and then threw it at him. ‘I must lock up.’
He had been going out with Mary for nearly three months. She was clever, she was pretty, she made him laugh, and he had honestly thought she was the one that would finally make him forget Sherlock. She wanted him to forget Sherlock; she told him that constantly.
Irene pushed open the gate to the main pool and gestured towards a pair of sun beds at the far end. ‘Let’s just say he’s found a distraction.’
‘Too Mike.’
‘I don’t even know your name.’ John narrowed his eyes, before joking, ‘Are you going to murder me?’
Leave kudos and comment for faster updates :)
Sherlock stepped out onto the balcony.
‘Sherlock!’ Victor cried before clamping his hand over his mouth. ‘I mean, Sherlock! What the hell are you doing?’
They stared at each other, in the middle of security.
The boy, who had been turning away, whipped back round. ‘Why?’
‘No, he’s not, and you know that.’ Mycroft straightened a picture on his desk and Sherlock instantly tapped it back. ‘Anyway, Mummy specifically told me that I have to keep you here until ten o’clock on Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays, otherwise you go home and, I quote,
new friends.’ He paused, brain racing furiously. ‘Let me stay with Mycroft.’
‘She’ll betray you, Sherlock, just like the others did.’ Mycroft said quietly. ‘Please, just send her back to wherever she came from.’
He waited for a reply as he thought of John, with his crinkly eyes and his lopsided smile and his brilliant mind and better heart-
He was sitting at the back, opposite the window, and he could see a boy in a long coat and a tourist cap arguing with a smaller boy who looked vaguely familiar. John briefly wondered if they went to his school before dismissing it; they were probably celebrities or something. There was no other reason to cover your face as violently as the taller boy was doing in the middle of summer.
John groaned and threw his head back as Sherlock kissed down his neck, sucking right over his collarbone, before climbing back up to kiss underside of his chin. ‘Jesus Christ, I’ve wanted to do this for hours,’ he gasped, and Sherlock laughed breathlessly, pausing so their eyes were level. ‘I know,’ he whispered, voice catching in his throat, ‘I know that. I know.’
John stands up, and Sherlock prepares to watch him walk away. Again. Walk away with that broken face, that broken heart, that broken family, and suddenly, he feels angry, angry at how he feels and how John feels and at Mary,
Sherlock closed his eyes, and John felt a bitter stab of joy.
‘Hooray for Watson!’ Rebecca Scarborough said sarcastically, glaring at him out of the corner of her eye. Out of everyone in the bunk, Becca was the one person John honestly disliked, because she was the one who was constantly teasing him about Sholto and bitching about him. It wasn’t John's fault Sholto liked him so much and it wasn’t John's fault he was the golden boy of the squadron: it just so happened that he was the only one who consistently followed the rules. John had tried to tell Becca this, but she was having none of it. John had met people like her before, and he knew he needed to stay away from her, because if he was provoked enough he would snap and if he snapped he would be punished and if he was punished he'd be out here for even longer, which he didn't want. Not at all.
‘Right then,' Mycroft said pissily, eyebrows raised as he finally took off his headset. ‘I will go on the right of John, Harriet on the left of Sherlock, Archie on the right of myself, Trisha on the left of Harriet. Family unity. Parker,’ he addressed the announcer, ‘you shall announce Harriet first, then Trisha, the then me, then John, then Sherlock.’
It had been a long few weeks, the Cambridge lot went a lot quicker than he did…Jesus Christ, this was just what he needed-
Callum Hooper is his best man, while three year old Rebecca and her little sister, one year old Harriet, are bridesmaids. John sits at the front with his daughter, Isla, and his youngest granddaughter, Lila-Rose, who’s little more than a month old, and watches his son and Charlotte smiling at each other at the altar and feels complete.
‘Don’t say another word!’ Sherlock was trembling, his voice shaking, but he ignored it, focusing completely on Jim Moriarty. ‘Don’t. Get out, now. Leave so I can go and find my boyfriend.’ He ignored the pang in his heart as he recalled all those horrible things that John had said, but he must have flinched because Jim smiled and took a step towards him, taking his hand gently. ‘Come, Sherlock,’ he said softly. ‘Can’t you remember what he just said? He overreacted, wouldn't even let you stand up for yourself. Why should he even care about something you did when you were little more than a child? He doesn't deserve you, Sherlock. Choose someone who understands how brilliant you are, someone who lets you speak.’ Sherlock’s hand, tensing against Jim’s, relaxed and the Irish man smiled. ‘You don’t need him,’ he whispered, lips mere inches from Sherlock’s ear. ‘You need someone who understands, Sherlock, and I understand, better than anyone.’
‘No, no, no!’ Sherlock interceded hastily. ‘I mean, yes. I like it. A lot.’ As if to prove his point, he kissed John briefly on the lips, tugging on his bottom lip just the way John liked. ‘See?’
Sherlock stepped back from the microphone, stopping next to the girl and John’s breath caught in his throat as Sherlock slipped his hand into the girl’s.
John regretted what he did next for the rest of his life, but he was angry and hurt and in
One word.
‘Celebrity?’ The boy said, sounding amused. ‘Interesting. What have I been in?’
‘Wow.’ John said, awed, as they walked past the main entrance to a small guard post. John walked slowly behind him, watching the people gasp as they recognised Sherlock, who had taken off his hat and stuffed it in his pocket. They ignored John, mostly, though, which was good.
‘So you’re going to China?’ John asked. Sherlock made a non-committal noise in the back of his throat; his husband smiled and leaned over, kissing him gently on the forehead. Sherlock smiled, looking straight upwards into John’s eyes, and John leaned forwards and kissed him, gently. The children were still play-fighting on the bed; Charlie was now tickling Christopher, while Jacob sat on his brother's stomach, grinning proudly.
A sunny smile appeared on Sherlock’s face and he stood up, offering his hand to John. ‘So,
‘…and that brought me here.’ John had told Sherlock what seemed like the entire transcript of the last year of his life, and his throat hard and prickly as he took another drink of (cold) coffee. ‘Wow. I haven’t spoken that much in years.’
So Sherlock swallowed his pride, buried his true self deep within him, and said loudly, ‘Of course not! Of course I’m not gay! I’m straight! One hundred percent straight!’
‘I won’t.’ John had smiled, eyes sparkling. ‘Go.’
‘Sorry for interrupting the sexy times you had scheduled with Lestrade then,’ Sherlock smirked. Mycroft rolled his eyes. ‘Must you, brother mine?’
John sighed. ‘Yes. Look, we didn’t want anyone…I mean, no one would…we just didn’t tell you, ok? There were reasons.’ John sounded stroppy and for some reason Sherlock found it endearing. John with his little pout and his furrowed eyebrows and his adorable little nose-
if they’d never mention it again and who
Also, how would Sherlock have known if Mycroft didn’t?
‘True,’ John acknowledged. ‘But your voice is a lot nicer than theirs are.’
But before John could open his mouth, Mycroft was moving to the door. ‘Be at the balcony a half-hour before,’ Mycroft snarled. Sherlock groaned and threw back his head. ‘I so preferred it when Sebastian was my advisor.’
He smiles, feeling inexplicably like crying. ‘We’ll see.’ He reaches up and takes out his contact lenses for the first time in a long time. ‘John. I am five-hundred and seventeen years old.’
‘Les aînés,’ John said quickly, and Mycroft nodded. ‘Very good, John. Have fun, Watsons.’
He goes sky-diving on his eighteenth birthday and achieves the biggest rush of his life so far, but it still doesn't feel enough. Something is missing, something has
she walk out on him. This was against the plan, all of this against that
'Why are you here?' Sherlock said, and John smiled. ‘Mycroft showed up on my doorstep. Said something about your loss breaking his heart, that you missed me, something about Morag.' He paused and looked sideways at Sherlock. 'He needn't have tried to convince me to come. The moment I saw him I knew I would go, no matter what he said. I would have broken into that fucking Abbey if I'd had to.'
John thought, then wondered why that pleased him.
in the fucking game, you will all be punished regardless. AM I CLEAR.’
Morag raised an eyebrow. ‘I’d watch your tone, William.’
John felt like he was going to throw up.
John goes to the flat after his twin sons are born and is struck by Sherlock’s gaunt appearance. A flicker of worry surprises him, and he gets the younger man up and dressed and then sits him down with a cup of tea and says,
How he could live without this he does not know, because John knows that he will never let it go
‘Actually,’ Jenny interrupted, a look of intense pride on her face, ‘John and Harry changed their last name shortly after you left. It’s
now.’
But because it was at Mike’s house, John and the rest of their old squad (which, at the moment, consisted of Mary and Molly and Sarah) had all faithfully promised to come.
) with ginger hair in plaits said, voice steady (Sherlock admired her confidence), ‘who is- is that- another-‘
Sherlock sighed. His mother’s stupid rule that he had to stay at Mycroft’s office in the Diogenes club whenever she wasn't home in the evenings was completely irrational. ‘I could pass these exams with my eyes closed, Myc. You know that.’
The new son, brother, Watson-Holmes, opened his eyes and stared at his sister, blinking slowly before opening a gummy mouth and cooing. ‘Hello, little brother,’ Rosie murmured, and Sherlock smiled. ‘We’re going to call him Elijah Thomas.’
‘John. John, listen, I love
The A.T nodded, eyes wide, and John was astounded to see that his father was
He was wearing a cream jumper that should have looked hideous but Sherlock had never, ever seen anything so beautiful.
They’ve been in silence for too long, and Sherlock realises it is his turn to speak. ‘People- people do little else.’
that is you.‘
Building snowmen, summer fairs, making cakes, tenpin bowling, tennis lessons, star-gazing, movie marathons ran through his head. Mycroft, he and his mother making Christmas decorations; singing happy birthday to his mother; his mother running her fingers through his thick, curly hair and singing-
He shakes his head, pulls on his façade, and says as confidently as he can to the empty room, ‘Brought you a little getting-to-know-you present. Because that’s what it’s all been for, isn’t it? All your little puzzles- all to distract me from this
‘Boys,’ Irene said, finally butting in. Both of them shut up; Sherlock was breathing heavily and John was trembling with fury and all Sherlock could feel was anger and sorrow and confusion and a red-hot throbbing that might be guilt-
They are the darlings of Cambridge, and this is where they stay.
‘We’ll go in a second,’ he replied, and then he reached up with both hands to pull Sherlock down to his height and kiss him, kiss him in the middle of the street in the middle of a parade in the middle of the most important moment of his life, so far. John Watson kissed Sherlock Holmes and nobody cared, except for the only two people who needed to care.
John made a sound a little like a moan and whispered hoarsely, ’are you seriously going to flirt with him in front of me, Sherlock? Are you seriously going to do that?’
Sherlock shrugged, looking out of the French windows. ‘Explains the crowd.’ He couldn't be bothered to apologise for forgetting his father's birthday: Sherlock could rarely do wrong in his eyes, anyway. In fact, Sherlock could only remember one time when his father had truly lost it with him-
‘It’s incorrect.’
) stood there, all dressed up. Sherlock was only wearing his favourite black shirt and slacks but it looked in place with everyone else, just. If Morag had it her way, he would be wearing his robes, but he hadn't put them on and thankfully she hadn't seemed to notice.
What had he said already?
delighted and it breaks John’s heart-
Mycroft’s mouth lifted into a sort of snarl, glaring at the top table. ‘Gregory.
‘Ridiculous,’ Sherlock said vaguely, eyes fixed on his door. ‘You are in optimum health. Slightly underweight, arthritis, one false hip, good teeth. No signs of premature mental diseases such as Alzheimer’s-‘
Henry turned to John, ignoring his wife, and smiled his special Dad smile, the smile that plagued John’s dreams, the smile that he had longed to see for years, and reached out his hand. ‘Johnny. I know I did bad. But you’re pleased to see me?’
Sherlock gazed at John, that face he had seen almost every day for the past year, the face he could never grow bored of, from the tiny mole next to his left ear to the scar over the right side of his lip that he daren’t ask about. John constantly moaned about how ordinary he looked; Sherlock could stare at John for hours, and then for several hours more. His face, his features, were ever-changing, emotion flickering across his face, changing his features. If he raised both eyebrows, he was being sarcastic; if he smiled with just the left side of his mouth he was happy; if he made prolonged direct eye contact he was angry about something. John’s face was forever changing, beautiful, and Sherlock knew he could never become bored with it.
Not Sherlock. Not Sherlock. Not Sherlock-
‘How would you?’ Harry teased. Their mother glared at Harry. ‘Don’t tease your brother, Harry. It’s fine if you’re gay, John, we won’t mind at all-‘
John watched Sherlock and knew that he would never be able to look at the moon again without thinking about Sherlock.
‘Thank you for being as
Sherlock and Jim, locked in a passionate embrace, Jim’s tongue in Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock’s hands curled against his chest. As John watched, Jim opened one eye, looked directly at John and
John shook his head. ‘This is surreal.’
‘John. John. John.’ Sherlock was just repeating his name now, over and over, and John paused, trousers scrunched in his hands, before finally looking up.
‘You can do better, Sher.’ Jim was fiddling with a test tube mindlessly, pouring different chemicals into their tube without really looking at the labels. Sherlock kept one eye on the chemicals to make sure nothing would blow up; he was sure John wouldn't agree to go out with him if his face was melted. ‘You don't need an angel.’
, but back then people assumed it was a coincidence. We were
‘Are you gay?’
John had seen it before, of course; he had to walk past it to get to Molly’s house. He had even stood in the courtyard, with Sherlock just a few metres away on the balcony. But it still struck him every time as the biggest, most ornate palace he had ever seen in his entire life.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. ‘You’re going stag? But there are plenty of suitable candidates who would happily escort you. Mike Stamford, for one. He’s attractive, has money and is considered ‘nice’ by most of our year-‘
As long as he had Sherlock, John reasoned as he fell asleep, then everything would be ok.
‘No, Master Sherlock.’ The servant replied. ‘And she asks if you could bring Mr Watson with you also.’
since I saw my children. It’s been-‘
‘She was wrong about me.’
John nodded and Sherlock stood up, crawling onto the bed, and put his arm around John’s neck. John snuggled into him and Sherlock’s head drooped, resting on top of John’s.
It’s been a trying week.
Sherlock looked up at him and finally, finally John knew why his eyes were so sad. He had carried around the secrets of his mother’s death for almost twenty years and he had lived all of that believing that it was his fault.
if he can’t make sense of his thoughts or feelings or wants,
Violet looked mutinous but nodded. ‘Fine. But if Dantavlet is murdered by orcs I’m 100% blaming you.’
‘John?’ Greg interrupted his pondering and John looked up, still frowning. ‘Hmm?’
Hidden love, Sherlock had come to realise, was a very touchy subject for most people. Sherlock would readily admit his love for John to any of his closest friends and acquaintances- the people he trusted- because he didn't think they would tell John. Irene had never admitted that she loved Molly but never outright denied it, probably because it was so obvious most of their year could see it, but Molly…Molly was different. It was much harder to see just how strongly she felt towards Irene, because she was quiet and timid and plain, so different from extroverted, intelligent, stunning Irene. Molly had had a steady boyfriend (an IT nerd called Tim) for almost two years (she’d dumped him at the beginning of the year) and genuinely treated Irene just as she treated all her friends. But to Sherlock it was obvious that Molly had truly fallen for Irene in the way her eyes lit up when she saw her, in the way they were always touching, in the way Molly’s face dropped a little whenever she saw Irene with one of her regulars or with a love bite visible on her neck-
Sherlock nodded, collapsing back in his chair. ‘Sentiment is bad, certainly. But it is cancelled out by John.’
my friend
Sherlock shook his head, clearing all unnecessary thoughts from his head. ‘I’m done,’ he informed Irene. ‘Do I look like a King?’
Sherlock had run home, sprinted up the stairs and locked his bedroom door. He had cleared all the experiments off his desk, picked out his notebook and a black pen and sat down at his desk, ready to choose how he would ask John to this stupid gathering.
when he went to the prom) and it was far too late to do dinner at the Ritz. That left the note and don't ask, but the note seemed wrong and now Sherlock was thinking about it maybe he should just stay quiet and go stag. John probably already had a secret date, they were going to separate Unis in September and Sherlock didn't generally like being rejected-
‘And you love me,’ John murmured, and Sherlock kissed his forehead as they sat back down. ‘Of course I do. You’re just as irresistible as me. That’s why I love you.’
God, John loves the man the moment he looks at him. Sherlock, with his slender frame and tense expression, Sherlock, with his tragic backstory and sad, sad eyes, Sherlock, who’s so lonely that the moment John compliments him he’s hooked, hooked forever on John’s line.
he has found what he was missing, and right there John vows never, ever to let it go.
He doesn’t notice that John’s pressed him against the wall until his head clashes against a metal pole with a hollow
‘Thank you for coming.’ Sherlock turned back to the crowd, addressing the square. ‘Thank you for giving us privacy in the last few days.’
Hamish leaned forwards. ‘Go on.’
It took John a moment to realise it was fear.
‘I meant it.’
‘Exactly.’ Sherlock laughed, grinning at his friend. John winked at him and Sherlock inclined his head. ‘Anyway, Mrs Watson-‘
Sherlock paused and looked at him. ‘We’ve been fighting so much, Jack. He hates me-‘
He can’t listen to the real Moriarty when he appears. He talks, he flirts, he speaks without speaking, entirely focused on John. All that matters is John, keeping John safe, finding a way to make John safe. His heart leaps back into action when John grabs Moriarty from behind, his brain racing, frantically trying to come up with a way to remove the danger from him: he’s happy when he realises the red sniper lights are tracked on him, but it doesn’t remain that way and his heart stops again when John is back under the steady glow of the lights. It occurs to him that, whilst people joke that it is the doctor who has sworn unswerving loyalty to the detective, it was in fact the other way round: he would do anything, everything, to make sure John is safe.
'There's something I need to say,' John whispered. 'I've done a lot of thinking in the past two years, Sherlock, and I have thought and thought and thought and I've tried to get over you-'
John, who he’d wanted to kiss from almost the moment he’d met him, and who
at him, and he jerked back to the game. ‘Tall?’
‘Woah, woah, woah,’ John said, stopping immediately. ‘You’re bringing me to
Rosie sighed. ‘I don’t think you’ll be a terrible father to your kid, Dad, of course you’ll be there for them-‘
John wasn’t listening, tongue between teeth as he wrote down a name. Sherlock decided to ignore the curious sensation (for now) and glanced at a newspaper, picking out the first name he saw and writing it down.
Mycroft muttered something rude under his breath before following Sherlock out of the room, shooting one last glare at John, who smiled. They pretended to hate each other but John had never seen two siblings more alike. It was a shame that they teased each other so much, though they were a lot better than they had been.
Sherlock didn't like it.
At first, John thought it was because he felt guilty, and he opened his mouth to say Morag wouldn't say anything, that Sherlock had been provoked, that nobody blamed him-
substance, or a title or even a first-born son. What was the point of material goods if you had no one to share them with? What is the point of a title and tobacco (Sherlock doesn’t have, and never imagines he will have, a first-born son) if he is alone-
The astonishing thing was, John realised, that he was being completely and utterly truthful. He didn’t want to live without Sherlock; that was probably unhealthy, ridiculous but John honestly didn’t care. A life without Sherlock wasn’t a life at all; a life without Sherlock was truly and utterly devoid of meaning.
Smith told him, tears flowing from his eyes, of how Hunter had died about eight hours after they had arrived back, and John felt the shadow of another person he had failed to save resting on his conscience.
Only Mycroft remained poker-faced, looking at Sherlock and telling him it was alright, with his eyes. Sherlock smiled tightly at him and looked away, because it wasn't alright. It would never be alright, but Sherlock had to accept that, because he had no other option and never fucking would.
The Archbishop sighed (was that relief Sherlock saw in his eyes? What had Mycroft been saying about him?) and said to the crowd, ‘please stand.’
Sherlock would know; he was just as grateful, if not more so, to John as Mycroft was.
‘WHY DID EVERYONE THINK I HAD A THING FOR JIM?’ Sherlock cried. ‘We were best friends! Nothing more!’
John smiled again, softer this time, and laid a hand on Sherlock’s bicep (the younger boy tried hard not to shiver) and replied, ‘of course they will, Sherlock. They’ll see you as I see you, and they’ll love you just as much.’
Irene wrinkled her nose. ‘Been there, done that. My newest…conquest is Molly.’
And now here they were again, ready to see the royal family without the man who had led them for forty-seven years. They were ready to see a widowed Queen, fatherless children (it occurred to John that both Sherlock and Mycroft were now orphans) and a nineteen year old boy who was now the most powerful person in the world.
'Would it matter?' John snapped, peeking around the side of the hut. 'Would that matter to you, Rebecca?'
John clenched his leg muscles and shot a look at Sherlock, who looked surprisingly calm. ‘Sorry?’
‘Not gay,’ John whispered, his nose gently brushing Sherlock’s, ‘bi. Though I don't like the labels. I mean, I've liked boys, and I've liked girls, and gender isn't an issue for me, but right now, Sherlock, I am gay as
A tall girl with dark hair and an Irish accent appeared behind Sherlock, laying a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder as she sat down. ‘So,’ she said in an Irish accent. ‘He deduced you? What did you say? Do you hate him yet?’
Sherlock always came round in the end, though. He’d apologise, over and over, looking so sad, and it would end up with John sitting with him on the bed, stroking his hair and murmuring that of course he wasn’t upset, of course he still loved Sherlock, of course he would never leave him, though why the Prince needed reassurance of this John was clueless. Wasn't it obvious that John’s heart belonged entirely to Sherlock? For such a powerful, dominant man, Sherlock seemed incredibly anxious about John’s possibly wandering eye and John didn't know if he would ever be able to teach Sherlock how to properly, completely, trust him. Sherlock had been hurt massively, that was very obvious to John, and although he had suspicions over what had caused his boyfriend’s blatant distrust John would never say anything, lest it hurt Sherlock to talk about it.
All Sherlock could see was John. All he could feel was John.
‘My son will potentially have eternity to follow my example,’ Sherlock snaps, ‘And he is perfect. Look at him.’ Felix smiles, and Sherlock winks: Felix copies him, closing his violet eye and leaving the blue one open. ‘Amazing.’
They had driven the rest of the way to the palace in empty silence, John wondering why Sherlock had sent these men to get him and whether something horrible had happened. Had Sherlock been injured? Had the royal family been in some way affected by Sherlock and John’s friendship/secret relationship? Had Sherlock been killed?
‘No avoiding this, Mycroft.’ Sherlock said delightedly. ‘Tell me!’
clearly. I dream about it, you know. I can still see you, bleeding out on the ground.’ He breathes out shakily. ‘God, Sherlock, I know I say this every single fucking year but I’m sorry. It was all my fucking fault. I should never have left you there with him: I thought…I thought because he was in a fucking maximum security cell he wouldn't be able to
His awkward goodbye was immediately interrupted by a snide, posh shout from the other end of the corridor. ‘SHERLOCK!!!’
John nodded, still thinking about Sherlock. Obviously it was horrible to have a parent die, but would it traumatise a clever little boy like Sherlock more than the nanny incident? Sherlock had been in the palace when it happened but…it didn’t seem right.
, he imagines Mycroft sneering. He’s always been a good damsel. ‘Right-‘
It has the desired affect and Sherlock is ecstatic, kissing John hard on the lips and whispering to him that he loves him, that he doesn't mind if John can’t be with him, that he understands, and John just smiles and nods and kisses him back. The buzz seems irrelevant in that moment, and John
‘It was a mistake. It was a stupid, drunken mistake-‘
‘John,’ Sherlock answered instantly. ‘Duh.’
Rosie blinked thoughtfully.
John is still crying against his dressing gown, and Sherlock cups his head and carries on talking. ‘It’s okay, John.’
Sherlock sniffled. ‘Why would they do this to me?’
John had been back at the resort for almost a week when he was woken up in the dead of the night by a knock on the door.
Sherlock glanced at John. ‘So that’s a no?’
Sherlock snorted. ‘That’s
Sherlock frowned. ‘We don’t?!’
, ‘Worth it?’
John furrowed his eyebrows. ‘Um. Hi?’
‘John Watson,’ Sherlock said, looking at John, drinking in the sight of the man that made him forget his childhood, his problems and his sadness, the man who loved him, the man who he loved and he smiled because John was there, and that was all that mattered. ‘Will you marry me?’
They hadn’t known their father; they hadn’t known their siblings. They weren’t upset, because they hadn’t been allowed to possibly ever meet the man who had fathered them, and this made John strangely angry because no child should be banned from knowing his father.
Before Sherlock could reply, the girl stood up and made her way over to John. ‘My name is Irene,’ she said in a voice that could only be described as
Sherlock looked around, confused. ‘Can anyone else here someone saying my name?’
In that moment, he feels horribly alone. Because alone is what you are, when everyone that you love is gone, and it doesn’t matter that he is one of the Queen’s favourites and he has everything he could ever desire, because the
It smelt like bravery.
He could order James to get the hell out of the palace, the hell away from Sherlock and the hell out of the country but if he did, there was no chance that Jim wouldn't tell John everything and Sherlock could not have that. He could not have John knowing that he had lied to him, had pretended to him, had been responsible for the fucking Eye massacre-
‘What are you doing, Mycroft?’ Sherlock said bluntly. ‘We talked this morning-‘
Smith told him what happened, when John woke up. He told John how the shots had stopped as soon as he hit the ground, and he and Isaac and Becca had carried him and Hunter back as quickly they could. John had lost a hell of a lot of blood, Smith said, and it had been touch and go for about twenty-four hours.
‘John?’
‘Shh!’ Jenny cried. ‘Look, look, it’s starting!’
David doesn't contradict this: he nods, accepts it, and kisses his grandpa hard on the cheek.
Who would have known, John thought giddily, that one day they would be kissing on the very same balcony after proclaiming their love to half the world.
. Random facts stood out to him as he watched his subjects through the blacked out windows and the pain in his chest returned as he thought about that one person he truly wanted to deduce.
John’s face contorted and for a moment Sherlock thought he’d done something horribly wrong and panicked; he reached out a hand to touch John, already forming an apology in his head, but John shook his head and just smiled at the floor. ‘You’re impossible,’ he murmured, and then he caught Sherlock’s hand and pulled it. ‘And now you’re going to dance with me.’
Sherlock had needed to text Lestrade about the case that he was working and his phone was out of charge. Jim didn't have his with him, Irene’s was with Molly and Mary guarded hers like a gold mine so Sherlock had stood up and shouted, ‘Stamford! Give me your phone!’
John almost fell of the structure, grabbing onto a bar to stay on. ‘
Sherlock closed his eyes.
‘So you like science?’ Jenny continued, unaware of what she had done to Sherlock. John was looking at him worriedly and Sherlock plastered a smile across his face as he locked the room again, vowing to never let those memories out, ever again. It was pointless, he knew, they escaped all the time, but maybe one day he would actually forget them properly. ’Yes.’
‘There is no way,’ Anderson continued, breathing heavily as a vein throbbed in his forehead, ‘that he would say yes because you’re a fucked-up little
‘I know, little brother.’ Mycroft smiled and for a moment, Sherlock saw the boy who played pirates with him for hours on end, who lifted him up so he could climb the big oak tree at the bottom of the garden, who made him a fort and sat inside and read him stories. Then the facade came back up and Boring-Mycroft was back. ‘And if you could struggle onto the last syllable, Sherlock. Ezra called me
But he had to, because he couldn’t tell them who he really was. He could never see the disappointment in his father’s eyes, could never hear the whispers around the palace, could never watch them turn his little brother against him because of the gender he preferred.
Sherlock ignored him. Instead, he looked at John, eyes conflicted, and all John wanted to do was say
In his haze of grief, John realised that he hadn't seen his older sister cry since her girlfriend, Clara, had broken up with her over three years ago.
John didn’t like thinking about that particular incident. He had decided to mention it to Sherlock, when he went home but now thought that maybe he shouldn't. It would just confuse Sherlock, upset him even, especially as the boy died, and John didn't think about Sherrinford as much as he had done.
Sherlock chuckled again before saying, ‘close.’
John was so surprised that he froze: Irene broke away, rolled her eyes, and said, ‘Come
about not sleeping with people who might banish us from the country!' Mr Watson exclaimed. Before Sherlock could ask why in God's name they'd had a conversation like that, John’s mouth fell open and he said hurriedly, ‘no, Jesus, no. No, Sherlock’s just- Sherlock’s my friend. We just, um, kept it quiet, you know? So...well. So no one would react like you're reacting.’
They had had plenty of experiences since then, and this one, in John’s bedroom as the Mario Kart theme tune played in the background, was as brilliant as ever. Sherlock had been tossing him off for about ten minutes and John had been so close to coming that he had had to literally scream at Sherlock to stop. It wasn’t just the actual feel of Sherlock’s hand walking him off, though Sherlock was incredible at that; it was the sight of Sherlock’s hand wrapped around his dick, only the head poking out, violinist fingers wrapped securely around him.
And with that, he was gone.
‘He might be faking it,’ Sherlock conceded, ‘But I don’t think he is. And he seems to enjoy this arrangement, us all together at Baker Street. And Mary practically gave us her blessing!’
Xander yawned and looked up at Sherlock with big brown eyes. They had been blue, originally, but the colour had soon changed to the exact same shade as Lestrade’s. Brown eyes were the most common, Sherlock thought as he gently traced Xander’s foot, but they were all different shades. Xander’s eyes were a light brown; Morag’s were a poo-brown; Mrs Hudson’s were a warm brown; and James’ had been so dark and dead it was like staring into the pits of hell.
John ignored his father completely, turning to the A.T, and politely saying, ‘Please escort Mr Kendrick out and ensure that he doesn't come back.’
Sherlock frowned and whispered, ‘she sounds awfully ok considering she’s talking about John.’
Sherlock immediately advanced on James, too furiously angry to absorb that John had just fucking broken up with him, and Sherlock realised with a start that it was not just James who he was so fucking angry at, no, he was just as angry at John, John who had called him a psychopath, John who had stormed away, John who had no right to be angry at him, no right at all, because Sherlock hadn't done anything. He’d been a scared and confused kid, that was all, and John hadn't even listened to him, but John wasn't here, and Sherlock was going to take it all out on the man that had fucked up his life completely.
Irene shrugged. ‘Why not? She’s sixteen now and, as far as I know, single. Sherlock thinks she’s curious as well, so I’m basically halfway there. The poor thing is a bit dull, though, and Janine feels slighted because I don't want to fuck her this year.’ Irene sighed loudly, lifting the hand that wasn't holding John’s towards the sky. ‘Not to quote Sherlock, but
‘A book by its cover.’ Hamish looked at him evenly, and Sherlock noticed his eyes were the colour of the sky. ‘Maybe you aren’t a giant cock.’
Je t'ai. Je t'ai eu. Je suis avec vous, John - I have you. I’ve got you. I am with you, John.
‘Faggots,’ Sebastian, the leader of the group, proclaimed proudly as he paused the TV. ‘That’s what you’re meant to call them.’
Mycroft wasn’t in the car; Mycroft wasn’t waiting for Sherlock when they reached the Abbey. Mycroft wasn’t talking to the Archbishop; Mycroft wasn’t even standing with the twelve ‘we-want-Edward-as-King-just-because-he’s-illegitimate-doesn’t-mean-he-shouldn’t-be-he’s-older-after-all’ supporters that had shown up (it was pathetic, Sherlock had always insisted. Not what they were campaigning; Sherlock agreed with that completely. The older brother should be King. No, it was the fact that someone was a fan of Mycroft). Sherlock wasn’t worried because he didn’t care about Mycroft but he did wonder where his brother was. He and Mycroft didn’t get on all the time (most of the time, really) but not showing up to the coronation was just harsh.
Henry sighed, looking John directly in the eye. ‘I left because I met someone else, John.’ He paused and smiled again, eyes crinkling, and as they did thousands of memories flooded back into John’s mind: skiing holidays, Christmases, birthdays,
‘Oh, shut up,’ John breathed, and he pulled Sherlock back towards him, crushing their lips together, because
‘I love you,’ Sherlock said, craning his head upwards, hoping that John would get the message and kiss him back. John laughed, leaning down again and kissing Sherlock, the familiar soft lips fitting perfectly with his, and whispered, ‘I love you, too.’
Every single time John went in for an interview, the first thing they said was ‘Oh! A bond mark! Looks like a lucky someone’s found their soulmate!’
the elder
Sherlock shrugged. ‘She’s highly intelligent and she loves it. It’s also a hell of a lot better than her
‘I don’t like you listening to President West’s music, Charlie.’ John reprimanded. ‘It’s not age-‘
John spluttered wine everywhere as he stared at Sherlock. ‘I’m not sure if it’s different here, Sher, but you’re not supposed to ask people that.’
Irene hesitated and looked down. ‘Hmm. I-‘ her eyes darted behind him and she went red, looking down before leaning forwards and whispering, ‘later,’ in his ear.
) whose father (
that John was standing here now, because he knew Sherlock wouldn’t do that, couldn’t do that, not to their child, but he couldn’t help that thought, the way he hadn’t been able to help that thought from zooming around his brain at least once a day for thirteen years. Maybe Sherlock had never really forgiven him for forgiving Mary, for choosing Mary, for watching him get on that fucking plane with all those things unsaid.
Barely a year eight! That was ridiculous-
‘You’ll appoint me, now.’ Morag said sweetly. ‘Because if you don’t, I’ll kill John Watson.’
John had never been able to find his way around the palace without someone’s help. Sherlock wondered why Irene was different.
Apparently not in his head. ‘You’re saying my name,’ John said, pulling back just enough to get the words out, but every moment when their lips weren’t touching felt like a knife to Sherlock’s heart and so he reached back forwards, drawing John back, touching him, hands in his hair, hands on his back and his arse and his shoulders and his arms, pressing himself so close to John that it almost felt like they’d become the same person, two halves of a whole, and he
And then she said his name.
Sherlock liked Irene, so he had agreed, but John hated it. He even got angry at Sherlock about it, despite it being as far from his fault as humanely possible.
John grinned, leaning back, and Sherlock slid back into an alcohol-dazed stupor. ‘Er, no, they don’t. You tend to rub ‘em up the wrong way.’
‘You will be disowned.’ Morag said. William looked at her, eyes widening; clearly he did not like where this was going, and that made John hopeful for the first time: he really didn't believe that William would choose his outdated morals over his favourite son-
‘Consulting detective, I know.’ He kissed Sherlock lightly on the lips and held up his paintbrush. ‘But, at the same time, I think you should let me paint a little rainbow on your cheek so you can take your place as King of the Gays.’
On the fifth anniversary of his death John takes Nathaniel to his father’s grave for the first time.
Sherlock and Mycroft were having afternoon tea in Mycroft’s quarters when Sherlock was informed that his boyfriend had arrived.
Sherlock groaned and rubbed his eyes. ‘I know. You want to go with Irene.’
, be able to live without him.
As John watched his daughters leave the room, he said quietly to Sherlock, ‘you should never have bought her that game. It’s wholly inappropriate, Sher. Sometimes I think you forget she’s only ten.’
It wasn’t a long kiss, maybe five seconds. They didn’t open their mouths. Sherlock barely registered the feeling of John’s lips (
) was in there because Sherlock found him hilarious; the prime minister of some other country that Sherlock thought was irrelevant
‘Faggots,’ Seb corrected. ‘They have other names, too. My brother was telling me a few nights ago. Poofters, homos, dykes if they’re girls.’
He wondered what would have happened if he had taken the advice of his friends, all those years ago, and just asked John to the Prom. In all likelihood nothing would change, Sherlock supposed, though he doubted he would still have that perfect memory.
It saw two adults and two children, two men, one girl and one boy, two fathers and two children, but most of all it saw a family. And John knew, the moment that picture was taken, that although it had been a while since he'd found his family, his family was finally complete.
‘Don’t call my brother fat.’ Sherlock said sharply. Morag raised an eyebrow. ‘You have a soft spot for your brother? Touching. That was something else I found out; it wasn’t Violet that wanted Mycroft adopted, it was your father. She came to care for him greatly, of course, but that wasn’t the point. She hadn’t wanted him in the first place and that was all I needed.’
It was not to be.
flicked his floppy brown hair out of his eyes and smirked at Sherlock, punching his shoulder. ‘Long time no see, Sherlock darling.’
Everyone, it seemed, apart from Irene Adler.
John had seemed surprised when he had seen him topless, though Sherlock didn’t know why; there was a reason his shirts were so tight, after all. He was muscular but lean, so he still seemed thin, but to Sherlock, at least, it was clear he was not just skin and bone.
Irene rolled her eyes. ‘Yeah, right. If I hadn't come back you’d be ravishing him on the roof right now.’ She frowned, examining her nails. ‘Good thing you didn’t, though, the poor baby’s barely fifteen.’
‘Now for the oath.’ The Archbishop announced. Sherlock let out a long breath because this meant the service was almost finished and soon, so, so
John stood up and left the room.
‘Dean Winchester disappeared with Castiel Novak approximately twenty minutes ago,’ Jim said. ‘They went in the direction of the PE cupboards and I’m guessing Dean’s banging Cas in there.’
John dismissed this ache as pent up emotion and ignored it.
‘That’ll be seven pounds ninety nine pence.’ The voice interrupted John’s thoughts, making him jump, and he went over to the counter. A large hand, with incredibly long fingers, shot up and waggled impatiently. ‘Seven ninety nine. Come on.’
‘You like me?’
‘Hmmmm.’ Rosie dribbled.
‘Je ne sais pas,’ - I do not know
‘I’m crying because I’m happy,’ John sobbed. Sherlock still felt slightly apprehensive (did people usually cry when they were happy?) but John moved his head closer and said, ‘I’m crying because I’ve never been this happy and- and full of emotion, and I don’t know how to react.’
The announcer stepped forwards to the microphone and Sherlock groaned inwardly. On a bad day, this process could take up to an hour. ‘On this day,’ the announcer bellowed, the sound echoing around the courtyard and through every screen in the Kingdom, ‘the seventh of August, the country and her kingdom celebrates the sixty-second birthday of our monarch, King William VII. Presenting, King William Henry Siger Richard,’ his father stepped forward and waved; the crowd went wild. Sherlock sighed and shifted to his other foot; he was always last. They started with the King, out of respect, then went from least important to most. ‘Princesses Octavia Rose and Lila Penelope, daughters of Prince Richard Stephen Thomas; Queen Patricia; Prince Edward Mycroft; Prince George Francis Archibald and,’ Sherlock glared at the floor and prepared to step forwards, ‘the heir apparent, Prince William Sherlock Scott.’
‘It’s an obsession, mum.’ Harry said, rolling her eyes. ‘Seriously.’
was exactly what he needed, John’s hands locked around his neck, John’s lips on his, John pressed against him until they are one. John hasn’t betrayed him, John is safe, and therefore Sherlock is complete.
Sherlock padded after John, wondering why out of everyone he had ever met that boy, that average, rugby-playing, common boy, had been the only one to see through him so successfully. John had become his friend despite Sherlock’s wall; John had breached his mental defences, the first person to accomplish that since his…his mother.
The square was silent. Mycroft began to speak again. ‘He died from so far unexplained causes. It was not expected.’
And then they were kissing again, harder, and John’s tongue was in Sherlock’s mouth and it shouldn’t have been pleasant, Sherlock knew that, much less arousing, but Sherlock was moaning in John’s mouth as they careered towards the bed, Sherlock landing first, John crouching over him and kissing him, both hands in Sherlock’s hair, tugging lightly in a way that made Sherlock want to scream in pleasure-
‘John left us with one instruction, Violet,’ Sherlock replied calmly, ‘and that was to clean the sitting room. Does the sitting room look clean?’
Sherlock and John had been talking again since about mid-October of the previous year: it had been Sherlock who got in contact, from the clinic. It had arrived on a normal Sunday in the post: it was an incredibly formal letter which John suspected Sherlock had been made to write as part of his recovery, but John had replied and then Sherlock had replied and they’d written as often as they could.
And he watches his son talking excitedly, hand absentmindedly around the person’s he loves, and his heart aches because this, his son in a relationship, is something else that Sherlock has missed. It doesn't matter if he can imagine him here because he isn’t, really, and John wishes with all his heart that he could be here with him.
And he knew then that all he would ever want, need or wish for was John.
He was trying to work out what to do with the file containing relevant persons favourite names (his were Christopher and Alice, John’s were Thomas and Ruby, Mycroft’s were Tobias and Talia, Lestrade’s were Alexander and Polly, Archie’s were Olivia and (surprise surprise) Sherlock) when Irene entered, not bothering to knock.
Mycroft pursed his lips and crossed his arms. ‘Right.’ He looked apologetically at his brother, who pouted and flopped back in his chair. ‘I’m not going.’
John,’ Sherlock said quietly as he whipped out his magnifying glass and took a closer look at the victim’s neck, ‘is not my side-kick.’
Hamish looked at him. ‘So you’re accepting that they’re all huge dicks?’
It wasn’t exactly a bad existence. John did love the comradery and the thrill, the adrenalin when he was out on the field, but watching your brothers-in-arms die around you was more traumatising than many believed, and John missed Sherlock more than he thought was possible.
Sherlock nodded. ‘I’m Sherlock Holmes. These are Janine, Molly and Mike.’
But Sherlock was staring at him with those big wide eyes and right then John would have stolen Sherlock the moon, if that was what would make him happy
The audience laughed again, and Sherlock straightened up.
The little hellraiser looked up at his uncle mournfully. Whilst his niece looked just like Mycroft, from the auburn hair to the calculating glare, his nephew was Lestrade; big brown eyes and thick brown hair, though he had a mournful expression quite similar to Mycroft’s when he didn’t get the last slice of cake.
Sherlock blushed and John smiled. ‘You’re the best person I’ve ever met, Sherlock Holmes. And I doubt I’ll ever meet anybody better. Not for as long as I live.’
There was no one for him in all that time, not romantically. He was far too busy, and had vowed himself off relationships after Irene’s death almost destroyed him, but then…
‘Irrelevant to me, Sally is equally as rude. In fact, as her IQ actually does exceed that of a slug, she is worse.’
John followed Sherlock out of the door and then through the crowd. They passed the drinks table, John frowning, and as Sherlock pushed open another door that led to a small, empty room that might have been a large closet once, said, ‘What are we-‘
‘You have no idea how long I’ve wanted to do this,’ John managed to say, but Sherlock just made a disgruntled sound at the back of his throat and pressed John’s lips back against his. ‘Like you said,’ he mumbled against John’s lips, ‘
‘You loved him?’ John said, eyes blinking back tears. ‘I bet you still do, don’t you? I’m not enough for you, am I? Too ordinary, too boring, too stupid, too common-‘
‘Call me Sherlock, Lestrade,’ Sherlock sighed as he turned away from his father’s advisor and stomped towards the detective. ‘We’ll be brothers-in-law by the end of the decade.’
‘Dammit!’ John laughed at the exact moment Sherlock said breathlessly, ‘I’m in love with you.’
at him and John burst into laughter again, clutching his sides.
The Archbishop (
horny gays
‘Don’t listen to the mind palace,’ John scolded, ripping the phial out of his hand. ‘Listen to
Sherlock looked up, blinking rapidly. ‘What was all you?’
Two years is a long time for two teenagers. Sherlock had kissed other people, of course he had, but it mostly felt like practice, practice for this, the real thing, with John, John
‘Hello, Sherlock.’ James Moriarty (
‘He was the son of some maid who worked at Balmoral,’ Sherlock said, thinking fondly of his favourite palace. ‘She died, and my mother found out about him. Mycroft had been living with some aunt of his, so she demanded he was brought here. My father didn’t refuse her; he never did.’ Sherlock sniffed, remembering how his father had loved his mother. It was why Sherlock was his favourite child; every time William looked at him, he saw his beloved first wife.
As he followed Sherlock out of the room, he wondered what Sherlock wanted to say to him. For all his initial bluster he seemed a bit shy, a bit young, which for some reason just appealed him all the more to John, and
and made him cry.
admitted some…’ she trailed off, looking at John with a mixture of pity and guilt. ‘I didn't tell you because I thought it would make it worse.’
Not just any book- he wanted
John’s eyes widened. ‘Coffee?’
he could run up to John and kiss him and never, ever let him go, never, because John was back and John was here and had John forgiven him? Why else would he be here? Had John come back because he still loved him?
John smiled again, that harsh half-smile. ‘Prove it.’
Irene glanced at Molly and then back at Charlotte. ‘I’m a little busy-‘
‘Victor.’ Sherlock shouted, crossing the room and grabbing the other boy’s forearm. Victor (
. John had no idea what he had even
John halted and moved his head away from Sherlock’s so he was staring into Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock was suddenly worried as his brain began to switch back on. Did this not mean anything to John? Was this just a ‘friend’ thing? Did friends do this to each other? Why did Sherlock not have any friends? Was platonic kissing a thing? If he asked Siri if platonic kissing was a thing right then would John be mad?
He didn’t want to be invincible. He didn’t want to rule the world. He didn’t want to be feared by all.
‘Cookies.’ Sherlock nibbled the end of his pen before sighing, closing his notebook. ‘Explain?’
Although John had just decided to stay away from Sherlock, he reevaluated and came to the conclusion that it was a bad idea to instantly make enemies with the leader of his group. Therefore John shrugged and turned away. ’Whatever.’
Time slowed. He could hear gunshots, he could see Isaac, he could smell gunpowder. Someone was screaming; he was told later it was him.
Was he dreaming? He couldn't be dreaming, it had sounded real, completely real, and he had been clean for three hundred and forty one days so he wasn't high and he was going to the
John shook his head, wiping a tear from his eye. ‘What else can you do?’
‘We’ll go through, Sherlock.’ Siger nodded at John, and led Violet, who was watching John with an amazed look in her eyes, away, glancing back once before facing forwards.
Why had John told himself that it hadn’t been a plot by James Moriarty and possibly that poisonous advisor? Why hadn’t John been suspicious in any way?
And as they sat there, waiting for John’s best man, Mike Stamford, to start his speech, Sherlock wondered how he had come so far to be able to say that and mean it.
The blood drained out of William’s face. ‘But- Sherlock- you- you lied to me, then. You told me-‘
All he could concentrate on was John, John standing up there, John here, now, and he wanted to drop everything, run up there and kiss John and say
He didn’t even know the boy’s last name, he hadn’t even touched him, and he already felt giddy with everything about him.
‘I DON’T NEED YOU TO KEEP ME SAFE I AM 100% CAPABLE-‘
Sherlock didn’t concentrate on the way to the Abbey. He spent the trip deducing the few people out on the streets; the majority were already at home, ready to watch some religious person put an extremely expensive piece of jewellery on Sherlock’s head.
John shuddered and looked at the television.
He was slightly taller than he had been before, maybe five foot six, and his dirty blonde hair was slightly darker and longer. He was wearing a jacket and jeans, his left hand tapping nervously on his trousers and his right clenched tightly at his side.
Rosie grinned. ‘That was one of my names.’ She sat on the other side of Sherlock and looked down at her brother, taking in the downy hair and perfect fingernails and bright, bright eyes. ‘Hello, Eli Watson-Holmes.’
‘Keep your voice down! I do not spy on you, it's just hard to avoid hearing her sprint out of your quarters at three in the morning every other night.' Mycroft closed his eyes and pinched the top of his nose: when he opened them again, he looked calm, and he continued in a low voice, 'shes’ a slut, Sherlock!’ Despite his precautions an elderly noble who was clearly eavesdropping (
‘No!’ She replied hastily. ‘No, no. You go with Sherlock. It’s no trouble, is it, Sherlock?’
The waiter blinked, taken aback by Sherlock’s intense look. ‘It’s- it’s two fifty-four.’
Although it hurt, to be around John, it was even more excruciating when they were apart.
It was nothing like that first drunken kiss, the one they’d exchanged when they were fifteen. It was
Jim didn't mention it again until the end of the lesson, when, as Sherlock packed up their equipment and his friend sullenly watched, jacket still smoking, he said, ‘or, you know, you could just ask him.’
John didn't reply, just held on tighter, and the two boys sat together as a crowd gathered around them, holding onto each other to keep from drowning.
By the elevator, Sherlock slammed a button and shouted, ‘JOHN! ROSIE! COME!’
Sherlock blushed, delicate pink decorating pale cheeks, and John felt angrier than he’d been for a long,
Sherlock had begged and pleaded that she might be stopped from coming but William had not changed his mind. On the day that she had arrived, almost a year ago, Sherlock had been smartened up and forced to wait at the back door for this random person who would apparently make him act more like a King whilst Archie and Mycroft cackled from the top of the stairs.
John had always imagined the three Prince’s sitting in tidy, bland rooms, staring at walls, with no decorations and normal, tasteful décor. This was the opposite; Sherlock’s rooms were untidy, the wallpaper was horrendous, and it was homely and comfortable.
‘Don’t play coy with me, you just proclaimed your love for me.’ John had gone very pale and was blinking rapidly, spoon shaking in his left hand (Rosie tried to grab it but just missed). ‘Right?’
Sherlock sounded a bit disappointed as he said, ‘He’s off with Lestrade. They’re in
They stood like that for several minutes, hugging in the entrance, and John didn't even realise Harry or his mum leaving, Harry with a dry comment and Jenny with a knowing smile. Nothing mattered in that moment but Sherlock, his Sherlock, touching and hearing and seeing his Sherlock again.
was he thinking that, he was with John, James had ruined his life and Sherlock hated him more than he hated anyone else in the entire world and would have given anything to see him dead and buried and unable to hurt anyone else that Sherlock cared about.
Why did Sherlock think he was responsible for everything bad that happened to him and to his family? Why was his self-esteem so low when he was so attractive, intelligent, and powerful?
Plus, Victor was at least ten times more arrogant than Sherlock, so that made everyone stop yelling at Sherlock for a bit.
‘I didn’t,’ Irene said, smile growing.
‘That, dear brother, is no longer a valid argument,’ Mycroft hissed. ‘
John laughed, inexplicably, and the sound warmed Sherlock’s racing heart. ‘God, you’re bad at picking up on hints. Sherlock. I want to…not be platonic.’
Hamish didn’t say anything else about the party after that. Instead, they talked about other things: university (Hamish was appalled by the fact Sherlock had gone to Cambridge and then graduated two years early), their families (Sherlock couldn’t say anything without giving away that he was, in fact, the groom’s brother) and their pets (
John barely heard the gasps from his family.
He was fulfilling all expectations. He just wasn’t surpassing them.
Sherlock was brought to his senses by a sharp squeeze on the base of his dick; he yelped but James just looked down at him, the pointer finger and thumb of his left hand forming a makeshift cock ring. ‘Answer me, Sherlock.’ He purred, sounding so evil and insane but so sexy and reassuring at the same time-
‘And you ended up causing the arrests of half the Italian mafia.’ Mike whistled. ‘Quite the little celebrity, aren’t you?’
and shown to the screaming crowds, and then he was signing papers and talking to world leaders and finally, finally he was pushed into a limousine (realising that it was dark outside; he had been crowned
‘That was…amazing.’ John breathed.
He even forgets about the thrill because breaking Sherlock doesn't seem important. He’d much rather be with Sherlock than break him.
It’s the longest he’s ever kissed anybody, and it’s by far, 100% the
John thought numbly), and said quietly, ‘I know I did wrong, Jen-‘
John Watson loves danger. He loves the rush, the thrill, the buzz he gets from doing something that has the potential to put him into danger more than anything else in his life.
He pulled out the chair next to Mike and smiled at the new boy, who had amazingly twinkling eyes. ‘I don’t believe we’ve been introduced,’ he said smoothly. ‘Sherlock Holmes.’
“I was rather under the impression that you enjoyed following orders,” he drawled, as though we were discussing nothing more serious than a newspaper article over which we happened to disagree. “You certainly never exhibited any reluctance to do as I asked.”
“Holmes, what are earth do you mean by it?” I exclaimed, as I set the jar back on the table, placing it rather deliberately beyond his reach.
“It does not feel right to speak of it to you,” he said, just as I was about to assure him that I understood what he wished to tell me and he need not elucidate. “Suffice it to say that I had wanted him rather badly for rather a long time and I had never thought that he might return my sentiments. It pains me to confess that in the moment I quite put aside thought of the future. It wasn’t until the next morning that I realised that I had made rather a hash of things. What had happened with Joseph – though it pained me to accept it – could never happen again. When I told him, later that morning, right here in this very spot, where we would not be overheard, he said he knew as much. In fact, he told me that he had been drunk. He claimed to have no intention of attempting to repeat the experiment – for such he termed it – and begged that I would not speak of it, nor even think of it again. He became quite insistent, almost angry, and I wondered if he was ashamed of what had transpired between us. He even said that he hoped I would address myself to his sister, though I knew, of course, that I could no longer do so.”
“I found that I had a burning desire to know what it was like to kiss you in the sunlight,” he said softly, stopping in front of me, close enough to touch. “It is an experiment that many people are able to attempt in rather less careful circumstances than us. Now that suitable conditions have been arranged, I intend to take the experiment to its logical conclusion.”
“I have always thought that sunlight suited you,” Holmes murmured, eyes on my shirt buttons. “You have never lost the bronzed look you brought back from Afghanistan. I knew the moment I saw you that you had spent time in the humid jungles of India and the dry heat of the Afghan desert. By the time you had been at Baker Street a week, I knew that every night, when you dreamed, you travelled to places most men never go, and that every time you awoke, you awoke knowing that you had looked death in the face and triumphed. When a month had passed, I knew that you had the hands of a doctor and the heart of a soldier and that you were the bravest and most honest man I had ever met. The first time I saw the sunlight turn your hair to gold and light your eyes until they seemed to glow from within, I knew I would never be free of you.”
Several times, I came close to asking Holmes what his profession might be but I sensed that the question would be an unwelcome one. So grateful was I for his tact with regards to my own history and situation that I felt unable to probe too deeply into his life without invitation. Nevertheless, I found my mind was often fixated on the mystery of Holmes and his strange set of acquaintances and I passed many hours in trying to ascertain what could tie his eclectic array of clients together and how they might be linked to him.
She smiled darkly at him. “My favour changes often.”
“Are you in pain?” he asked, brushing his hand against mine in a fleeting caress.
“That was the image that was in my mind the first time I stroked myself to thoughts of you,” came his baritone murmur as he dropped my shirt to the grass and beginning to unfasten my trousers. “I pictured you on a beach, your green eyes shining as you looked up at me from your knees, your lips wrapped around –”
“I am well,” I said. Then, when his grip still did not loosen. “Holmes, what was it? I could not see.”
“You don’t have to respond,” I said at last. “I know how you feel about love. It is a weakness that you would never allow yourself. But I could not bear to leave without saying the words aloud. Forgive me. I will begin searching for new lodgings tomorrow. I fear that today I am not quite myself. It has been –”
“Well done, John. Knew you'd get there eventually.”
“I have observed that you maintain an unnatural stiffness in your left arm much of the time, holding your shoulder at an awkward angle, but that when you are distracted your arm is often relaxed and your left shoulder quite as mobile as your right. Therefore, I knew that your reasons for continuing to favour it must be mental rather than physical. The residual pain you feel in the limb is the result not of your original wound but of the strain placed on your muscles by the stiff way you hold it. Given the deftness of that catch and the fact that it evidently caused you no pain, you will be obliged to acknowledge that I have cause to believe so."
Eventually, he spoke, without opening his eyes.
The inspector, to his credit, did not betray surprise at this unlikely story. Perhaps he thought me mad. Instead, he surveyed the room, his eyes alighting for a moment on Holmes and then passing on. My wish not to betray Holmes’ disguise warred with the heady mixture of relief and anger I felt at finding him, alive and seemingly well, hiding out in an opium den for no discernible reason when I had spent two sleepless nights at Baker Street believing him incapacitated or dead. It took all my meagre acting reserves to attempt to keep my feelings from showing on my face. All the while, the attendant stood quietly, observing our conversation with wide eyes and an unreadable expression.
John raises himself on his arms above Sherlock, looking down into his face. His expression is very serious.
At breakfast, I met Holmes’ eyes carefully, but saw nothing out of the ordinary. We made desultory conversation over our sausages and eggs. Holmes did not have a case for the first time in several weeks and he seemed listless as he pushed away most of his breakfast uneaten and made his way to the sofa, where he sat with a copy of that morning’s newspaper. I knew him to be searching for mysteries or unsolved crimes to satiate his constant need for mental stimulation, but so raw were my nerves from the previous evening’s incident that I could not help wondering if he was seeking an excuse to avoid conversing with me. I knew that by addressing the subject I could only make matters worse, and so, to occupy my mind, I took up one of my manuscripts and attempted to focus on recording our most recent case. After misspelling the same word three times and mistaking the name of our client twice, I cast it aside in frustration and turned to Holmes.
“You need have no fear on that score,” I said, my voice clipped and, I prided myself, as emotionless as Holmes' own. “I see no reason why anything need change between us. I have not forgotten that you were under the effects of a powerful narcotic when matters escalated –”
Lucky Anderson is as inept a boxer as he is a forensics expert – and Sherlock uses the term sarcastically. Sherlock is rubbing his jaw more for effect than because he’s in any actual pain as Lestrade cuts the plastic binding Roylott's wrists and replaces it with handcuffs, rolling his eyes at Sherlock in a transparent attempt to hide the fact that he’s as amused as he is exasperated.
“The night before last, Joseph attempted to break into the room while he believed me to be sleeping,” he said. “Do you believe that the knife was intended only as a tool?”
A familiar, jovial face appeared at Holmes’ shoulder. The rotund inspector, who I had always found to be an energetic and cheerful man, making up for a lack of natural ingenuity with a tireless enthusiasm for his work, looked unusually grave. At Bradstreet’s side stood Whitney, who appeared alert and exited and remarkably steady on his feet.
Holmes laughed but there was a subtle edge of sadness to it.
“Why should she need to sit here if we are to take a walk? Surely it would be better if she were to accompany us? Although you say that you are quite recovered, I fear that you are still not entirely yourself,” I said, as soothingly as I was able.
It was the first time that Holmes, who was usually meticulously careful never to do anything that might arouse suspicion about the nature of our relationship, appeared to have forgotten our surroundings. He pulled me straight down onto one of the beds in the rapidly darkening room, the rough tweed of his clothes rubbing against my bare skin as he kissed me. When he began to unbutton his waistcoat, I had to remind him to close the curtains, which he did swiftly and impatiently. Returning immediately to the bed, he knelt and, in one graceful move, engulfed me in his mouth, taking me all the way to the root so suddenly that I cried out and thought for an instant that matters would be over before they had truly started. Sensing my predicament, he held still for a few moments, allowing me to adjust to the sensation, and then he began to move, bringing me almost to the brink before drawing back and rising up the bed to kiss me. Three times he repeated this exquisite torture, always ceasing his ministrations just as I felt myself on the verge of release, until I was damp with sweat and writhing with need that had crossed the line from pleasurable to painful.
“You don’t have to make me angry for me to say that. You – Sherlock, you idiot. Only you. You’re insane. Are you saying you…? Of course you did. You engineered all this. Why?”
“You are a loyal creature, Watson,” he said. “It is an admirable quality in many ways, or so I have always been told, but in this case I am afraid your lingering affection for the fellow may prove sadly misplaced.”
Despite all that Holmes had deduced about me, I still had some secrets from him, as I discovered one stormy night. It was a few weeks after I had kissed him and we had somehow fallen quite naturally into a new pattern. By day, everything remained much as it had before that night. Holmes and I breakfasted together, interviewed clients together, chased down criminals together and lived in a state of easy harmony that was pleasant, if not perfect. He frequently tried my patience, leaving pigs’ hooves to decay on the windowsill, stealing my surgical knife to dissect a pair of human eyeballs at our dining table and conducting chemistry experiments that filled the sitting room with clouds of toxic smoke, only to smile at me with such distracting sincerity or play his violin with such skill that I involuntarily forgave him. Holmes exercised his incredible brain, and I recorded his feats, and he treated me with the same distant courtesy that had marked the months of our friendship when I thought him unaware of the criminal effect he had on me.
I did not enjoy my time in Lausanne. I was lonely and bored and uncomfortably aware of my sad lack of talent for performing the job that Holmes had been born to do. I resented him for contriving to send me away from him. At the same time, I missed him more than I had thought possible. I could not forget him for a moment. I imagined his indulgent smile as I made a hash of questioning the hotel manager and the sarcastic remark I knew he would be unable to resist as I proved unable to break the silence of Jules Vibart, the lover of Lady Carfax’s maid, who steadfastly refused to answer my questions about why the long employment had so suddenly ended. I knew how swiftly Holmes would have extracted every piece of knowledge from the hotel manager, unerringly intuiting what was crucial and what useless to the case. He would have persuaded Vibart to break his silence in minutes, I was certain, thanks to the combination of implacable will and effortless charm with which he was able to earn the trust of anyone he thought worth the effort. My own stiff manner, disorderly questions and palpable inexperience as an investigator did not instil confidence, I was well aware. At the end of three days, as I jotted down the little I had learned, I pictured the look on Holmes’ face as he perused my notes at Baker Street and wished, for the umpteenth time, that I had never agreed to come. When I received a communication from Holmes, pointedly saying nothing about the little I had discovered and urging me to follow the lady to Baden in search of further information, I was disproportionately miserable. All I wanted to do was return home.
“I will remain here tomorrow,” I said at last, in a tired voice. “And then we will see.”
“I believe it to be, yes,” he said, laying a tentative hand on my shoulder. When I did not shrug it off, he moved closer, pressing his warm, bare chest to my back and curling his legs until they fit snugly behind mine, his strong thighs cradling my own.
“My dear boy, do you really think that I would take any action that I believed would put you in danger?” he said, standing as tall and proud and elegant as he had when fully clothed, his spare movements catlike and sinuous. “Sir Henry has given his entire household the day off and assured me that we have the run of the grounds. He offered me anything I might request in the way of a reward for my aid in the matter of the hound. I told him that there were certain experiments I was keen to conduct in the open air that I could not easily carry out in London. I also warned him that they might prove exceedingly dangerous and that it was imperative we not be disturbed. He readily agreed to ensure our privacy for the day. He is from home in any case, it is no hardship for him. As for the villagers, they do not yet know of the hound's death. None of them will set foot anywhere near Baskerville Hall while they believe that the animal lives.”
“That’s a fallacy,” Sherlock says, running his fingers up John’s neck and into his surprisingly soft hair.
“We'll need you to come to the Yard and give a statement,” the inspector said, as another surge of nausea threatened to turn my stomach inside out. “But given the circumstances it can wait until tomorrow,” he added hastily. “Go home and rest, Doctor Watson. I'm sure Mr Holmes will take good care of you.”
He flinched, almost imperceptibly, and I hurried to reassure him.
“This man is a tenant of ours and has been alone here these past two days,” he said, gesturing to Holmes’ slumped form. “I don’t know who you are or what you think you saw and nor do I much care. I’ll thank you to leave and stop harassing my customers.”
“I encountered the woman,” he responded, turning away from me and beginning to make up his pipe. “She is quite the most fascinating creature I have ever seen.”
At that moment, we heard a cry of agony, a shriek of horror and anger that rose to a deafening pitch and then quickly died away.
I saw a sudden flare of interest in Holmes’ steely eyes.
“Holmes,” I heard myself choke out, wanting more than anything to feel his calloused hand in mine. He did not look back or even break stride. I felt the tip of the syringe pierce my shoulder, not a needle prick but a blinding flash of pain that echoed the impact of a bullet ploughing through soft flesh and shattering bone.
He trailed off and looked away from me but I could well recall the feature of which he spoke, a rather charming Port-wine stain very low down on his naval, which uncannily resembled a Star of David.
“I have no doubt of the veracity of your deductions,” I said, exasperated. “I think you'll agree that I have already expended no small energy in performing certain actions that confirm beyond a doubt that they are correct. What I wish to understand is why, having deduced my interest, you did not act upon it sooner.”
“There is nothing to excuse,” I interrupted him, as I picked up the newspaper that lay folded on the seat beside me and hid my face behind its flimsy pages.
The exercise was intended to shed some light upon the mystery of Holmes’ profession, yet over the course of a week it had strayed further and further from this goal and I began to fear that it revealed more about myself than about Holmes. Having recorded his knowledge of various topics and executed a careful study of his daily habits, I found myself beginning to stray into more subjective territory. A second list, detailing his physical attributes, ran in this way:
“You tripped,” he says. “Okay. And what about… What about last time, with the snake? Or the time before that, with the poison? What about when you went out of the window and I thought your brains were strewn across the pavement?”
By the time he came to the end of his little speech, my eyes had closed of their own accord and I was thrusting into his hand, unsure whether my loss of control had to do with the fantasy itself or the idea of Holmes pleasuring himself to it.
“It would be ludicrous if you were, my dear fellow,” Holmes said, sounding softer, almost tender. “Much though I admire her brain, she has nothing that entices me. I assure you that she is not at all to my taste.”
Only once Stamford had made the reason for our presence clear did it occur to me that Holmes had not asked. Despite my misgivings as to the wisdom of becoming entangled with the man, I must admit I felt a treacherous pleasure at the delight he seemed to take in the idea of sharing his rooms with me. His mention of strong tobacco and his habit of dabbling with chemicals in his living quarters, as well as his honest admission that he sometimes spent days in the dumps, without wishing to speak to anyone, allowed me some hope that my own habits might not prove to be as much of an obstacle as I had at first feared. His frankness made me bold and I found myself able to admit things that I would never have wished to tell Stamford – or any other man of my former acquaintance.
Having finished his cigarette, Holmes busied himself with his pipe. I felt a rush of affection for him as I realised how often he happened to allow his attention to be diverted just at the moment that our clients were overcome.
“You’re angry,” Sherlock says.
Filled with an unaccountable feeling of horror, I pushed Mr Whitney, who was beginning to regain some control of himself, towards the end of the alleyway, ordering him to take a cab and return home to his wife. Then I rushed back into the vile, fume-ridden den. The attendant again tried to stop me as I ran towards the narrow staircase I had glimpsed at the back of the room, but I hit out at him with my stick and he fell back. I heard a hoarse cry of anger as in my haste I knocked the pipe from the hand of a hunched man sprawled half out of his berth and then my feet were upon the stairs, my head swimming from the noxious fumes of the drug I had inhaled in my haste.
Holmes did not appear to register that I had spoken. His pipe now lit, he was curled in his chair, deep in thought, smoke coiling about his head. When he began abstractedly to loosen his waistcoat and undo the top buttons of his shirt, making ready to sink into one of the pensive fits that could occupy him for hours – sometimes all night – I left him and went up to my room. I bid him goodnight as I left the room, but he did not reply.
To my shame, I felt myself blushing. Holmes looked delighted.
“No, I had not been back to Woking,” said Phelps calmly.
“You really are an automaton,” I said, somewhat defensively. “At times I find you positively inhuman.”
Sherlock’s not an idiot. He knows how to keep unwanted things from showing on his face but John must see a flicker of something because his voice is softer when he repeats himself.
“It was necessary,” the infuriating man said, sounding only slightly abashed. “Believe me when I say that I did not enjoy my empty bed, knowing that you were only a few streets away, but it was imperative that I pursued a few leads unremarked. Your presence – which succeeded in raising the alarm everywhere and so attracting the attention of everyone I wished to have distracted – was invaluable.”
Despite our growing friendship, Holmes never asked me about my time in Afghanistan, the injury that had left me the wreck sitting before him or what I planned to do with my time now that my life as I had known it was over. I, in turn, resisted the urge to ask him the kinds of personal questions that I sensed might be unwelcome, and so we lived quite harmoniously, though much between us remained unsaid. For the most part, I managed to suppress those feelings towards him that I knew to be utterly unsuspected and unwelcome, and instead to take delight in our growing friendship, but I could not help an occasional pang when he met my muddy green eyes with his own perfect grey ones or absent-mindedly tapped his long, slender fingers on the leg of his trousers when he was deep in thought. He could often sink so deep into contemplation that he would go hours without speaking at all and I was happy enough to sit in companionable silence, enjoying his presence, whether or not he remained aware of my own.
“Are you sure it does not make them simpler?” he asked, and watched the man’s face fall and a frown of irritation mar his brow. “I should be inclined to say that the discovery of the ring very nearly seals the solution.”
“You said it was an experiment! Not a fucking suicide attempt!” John is ranting. His own face is pale, his eyes red. Having thrown up in the shower while Sherlock was sprawled over the cold tiles, collapsed beside the toilet, John seems to have recovered much more quickly than Sherlock, whose head is pounding and who cannot process the feeling of fear and despair that still has him in its grip. It’s like the worst come-down of his life, after the worst high.
“It doesn’t tell me very much, but I know better than to assume that you can draw no conclusions from it.”
“I know that you think yourself broken, doctor. But I also know, as you do not seem to, that you are getting better. It is only a matter of time before you are yourself again and you find a nice woman, marry her and settle down to run a thriving medical practice and have healthy, happy children. I am asking you to trust me when I say that it is better for both of us if you leave now. You do not need me to distract you any longer.”
“But what of our client?” I cried, half afraid that we should be forced to go after her and prolong the whole hideous affair.
“You lost our wager,” he countered. “I told you I would need no more than five minutes.”
Darkness had fallen by the time I had tracked down Whitney at his home, and, with the reluctant blessing of his wife, to whom he had finally revealed all, convinced him to aid us in putting an end to his torment. Together, we returned to the hideous den from which I had plucked him not 24 hours earlier. Whitney entered, nervous but determined, a very different man from the wreck I had encountered the night before, and I wondered, not for the first time, at the transformative powers of hope on the human psyche.
‘How can you ask that question?’ Mycroft cried, turning around and staring contemptuously at his partner. ‘What did we do during the drive to our Prom, Gregory?’
Sherlock pointed at his daughter. ‘Exactly, John.’
‘Get yourself a friend.’ Sherlock suggested. Mycroft threw his head back, laughing. ‘I have no need for a goldfish, brother mine. Sentiment is a chemical defect, found on the losing side.’
John smiled but his mind was on other things. ‘You said he stopped being…ordinary after his mother died?’
and wished that John would get off the phone, he had stuff to do.
‘No, Papa, I won’t let you do this again. You are my father just as much as Dad: fuck that, you’re
‘We need to go.’ John said instantly, standing up and reaching out his hand to Sherlock. The younger boy smiled and grabbed John’s hand, pulling himself up and turning to Mrs Watson. ‘Please excuse me, Jenny. I am unavoidably required at the palace.’
‘Oh my God…’ Jenny whispered, hand still clasped to her heart. ‘You watched football with the most powerful man in the world?’
Rosie looked at Sherlock gravely.
With a sigh, he turned back to the room, only to find John had moved so they were standing close together, merely a foot apart. The older man was a lot smaller than he’d previously thought, standing at maybe five foot six inches. ‘You seemed taller before,’ Sherlock said, before he could think what he was saying.
Nathaniel’s wearing a suit and blue bow-tie: John hasn't seen him so dressed up in years. Nathaniel prefers the long coat and scarf that his father preferred to wear when working, and although it makes John so, so happy to see his son continuing Sherlock’s work, solving crimes and hunting down criminals, it hurts as well. Nathaniel is always being told how much he looks like Sherlock but sometimes it’s uncanny. John can remember several incidences where he came downstairs and found his son crouched over an experiment, or writing swiftly in a notebook, or even watching bad reality TV and felt that he had been transported thirty years into the past.
Sherlock truly adored dancing; he had for as long as he could remember. The palace had a studio, located on the top floor, and Sherlock could stay up there for hours. He could do ballroom, tap and could even breakdance, but his favourite was ballet.
He was starting to find his footing in the lectures, probably because a couple of the kids there were actually talking to him, and he was actually starting to regret the fuss he had made at the start. It was a really good opportunity, and he’d wasted almost a month of it moaning.
He certainly knows that him and James can’t spend the rest of eternity together. Two
Yet another huge gasp echoed around the room as the King stepped forward. ‘Stop, Sherlock.’
100% fucked.
John didn’t know Mycroft all that well, but he could tell.
‘Girlfriend,’ Harry supplied, taking Clara’s hand. John smiled.
‘I don’t want to go with Mike,’ Molly said quietly, typing away.
John groaned. ‘Mum, please. Sherlock isn’t here as a Prince, he’s here as my friend. Treat him
‘Oh look, it’s my robber.’
Sherlock padded to the door and opened it. Mrs Hudson (
John’s smile freezes, and Sherlock continues.
Sherlock grunted. ‘It just proves my sentiment theory.’ He almost heard his boyfriend rolling his eyes, but John didn’t say anything, simply moving closer to Sherlock and putting his head on his shoulder. Sherlock smiled to himself, silently thanking Jack; this was the feeling of home.
John, halfway through a speech about the memorabilia of the royal family his mother collected, stopped abruptly. ‘But- but- I insulted the heir to the throne.’
Jim smirked and tapped the side of his nose. ‘That’s for me to know and you to try and find out, darling.’
For his height, John was big. Six point one inches in length and extremely wide, he had had doubts that Sherlock would be able to take it, originally.
leave Mary’s eyes as her life bled out in an aquarium-
‘He’s thirty five,’ Tavvy said, pushing her glasses up her nose. ‘He won’t have a heart attack.’
Anderson, who was walking past holding a severed hand, sniffed and said quietly, ‘even if you do say so yourself.’
He meets Mary, a nice, clever woman, and they move in together about a year and a half after Sherlock jumps. He can barely remember what the thrill feels like and he doesn't even feel like he needs it: everything is normal. For the first time in his life, John is
No one would have known, John realised. And that’s what made it so perfect.
‘Lord,’ Victor cried, instantly commanding the attention of the entire room, ‘Victor Rupert Trevor. Noble extraordinaire and second cousin twice removed to Sherlock here. No need to bow, peasants.’
At the beginning, he’d been sure that he would have a good time without Sherlock, but that was clearly
he said to himself, before taking Sherlock’s shoulders and pressing his forehead against the forehead of the man he loved.
‘That’s cute,’ John laughed, forgetting that he was meant to be a manly man now. ‘I can’t imagine Mycroft in love, though.’
Sherlock frowned; he hated it when Jim started bad-mouthing John because it meant that he had to either agree or defend John. His head told him that he should listen to Jim, his oldest friend and the person who understood him better than almost anyone in the world, but his heart told him that he had to defend John because he had managed to fall in love with him in the space of about six months which was pretty incredible, if he was honest. Sherlock loved six people (his mother, his father, Jim, Irene, John and Mycroft, though he would rather die than admit the last one) and it had taken him an incredibly long time to acquire feelings for five of the six. John was a completely different story; he had met him in the September of that year, had developed sexual feelings for him by the end of the month, begun to develop romantic feelings for him by mid October and realised that he would die for him by Christmas.
“So wet for me!” John said as he finally managed to ram half his foot long thick dick inside.
Moriarty. She felt her heart beginning to race. She knew her own family would come up if they were talking about him. She didn’t know much about him but didn’t want to learn about him. The teacher, Mrs. Stagg was sitting at her desk. She gave a Rosie a worried look when she noticed her eyes fixate on the board.
“Boyfriend?” the wolf asked looking around the room. “Ah. You belong to that soldier don’t you?”
By the time Karen left to catch the bus Rosie had smoked two cigarettes. She shared the first one with Karen but had smoked the second one by herself. Once she got over the initial taste they were actually really good.
John growled with delight as he let out of his mate’s curls. Sherlock’s head flopped forward and his fluffy white ears fell over his eyes. Shame burned through him. He was getting ripped apart. He shouldn’t like it.
“Yes,” Sherlock admitted. “Thanks for the help.”
He was a bit scared of the idea but he couldn’t help but feel turned on. He was willing to let John do anything he wanted to him. He knew it would hurt but he trusted John not to do any damage.
Sherlock whimpered in fear. He knew it was going to hurt but he trusted his doctor.
“I liked it,” the detective admitted. “I want to do it again.”
Sherlock got onto his hands and knees. He let his white ears fall in front of his eyes. Sherlock let out a cry of pain as John started pushing the thermometer inside of him.  He began to whimper as the tool slid deep inside his tight ass. John wasn't giving him much of a chance to adjust to it.
“I know,” he said. “I want you to rest before you get your punishment. You'll need the sleep.”
“Would you ask him?” Greg Lestrade asked in a voice full of excitement.
The bunny gave a pain filled whimper. His wolf chuckled and laid down next to him. The bunny sure did a lot of crying about things he enjoyed.
Sherlock let out a painfilled whimper as John started forcing his cockhead in. The wolf growled as the searing hot head finally managed to pry open Sherlock’s hole with a loud popping sound. The bunny tried to pull away from him, wailing. The cock felt massive inside of his tight hole. No matter how many times they fucked it always felt like too much.
“Do you want me to walk with you to Mr. Franken’s office?” Karen asked.
“Hold still,” John said. “You can’t get it out. You’ll only hurt yourself.”
Greg picked up the lube as Sherlock rolled over onto his belly. He liked the idea of having Lestrade inside of him. It was new and different. Plus, John wanted it. He would do anything to make John happy
The little bunny didn’t mind the spankings. If Sherlock sat down with him and told him that he didn’t want the spankings anymore he would never raise a hand to him again. Of course, that would
Rosie's tumblr blog. Feel free to interact with it any way you want. https://screechingpuppypeace.tumblr.com/
“I don’t know,” John said with a shrug. “I think he would do it if I asked him to.”
The next minute was a complete blur to Rosie. She reached out and pushed Luna through the swinging bathroom door. Luna cried out as she went through the door and slid across the floor. She burst into tears as soon as she hit the floor.
“You know you love it,” John growled, hitting him a little harder. He was getting horny as he always did when he spanked his little bunny's ass. “I think you enjoyed wearing the nappy. You get turned on by everything I do to you.”
“The pills,” she explained. “I feel so much better.”
Once John was sure he was done cumming he unwrapped Sherlock’s legs from his waist. He needed to get on his side. He hoped it would ease the cramps taking over him. Sherlock whimpered a bit as they switched positions.
it. There was a difference between just consenting to something and actually wanting it.
He pushed his head into the pillow to scream and moan, and tried to focus on the little pleasure he was feeling. He tried not to think about anything else. John couldn’t last that long. He was too horny to last long. But John still had the stamina of a stallion. After twenty minutes of deep, powerful thrusting telltale signs of the wolf near coming began. Deep low animal grunting filled the room. John began to thrust so hard Sherlock was sure he would tear him inside. Then he felt it. John was coming inside of him. His fat knot was swelling up inside of him.
“Ah!” Sherlock cried pulling on his ears. “I’m going...I’m going to die! Please…”
“Stop!” John shouted. “Do you want to be punished?”
“Of course not,” Karen said digging into her pocket. “My brother gets a prescription but he never takes them. This is all I can give you for free. I need the rest.”
“Here it comes,” John warned. “Try and relax but it’s going to hurt. Scream if you need to baby.”
Sherlock was visibility shaking by the time the dildo was fully inside of him.
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock said rubbing their faces together. “I drank the coffee knowing what you had put in it.  You can’t put anything past me.”
“Back the fuck away from him,” John’s dark, thick snarl broke the silence between them.
Karen couldn’t believe it. She was going to spend the afternoon with Rosie. She didn’t have many friends so she had jumped at the chance.
Sherlock let out a gasp of air as the belt was removed from this throat. His whole body felt limp. His wolf leaned over and kissed him softly on the cheek.
Sherlock knew it was going to be a rough couple of days for him. It was clear his wolf going into a rut. During his ruts, John became an aggressive fucking machine. They were yet to spend a rut together. His wolf would pack a bag and disappear for a few days. He was too worried he was going to hurt his bunny.
“Is that a demand?” John snapped bearing his teeth. “You don’t make demands.”
John removed his hand from his cock and placed began to play with Sherlock’s tail. He knew his lover was in a massive amount of pain. All he could do was help him relax. He held still inside of him for a few minutes. He hoped it would help him adjust.
She regretted giving her the pills but at least Rosie was her friend. It was nice having a friend.
To his surprise, Sherlock pushed back taking another two inches inside of him. He let out a long cry, it was more a squeal. He was shaking terribly.
“John…” he whimpered pushing his face into the pillow.
A cramp hit him right away. He took a deep breath and pushed it the rest of the way in. The cramp eased off as his body accepted the invasion John picked up the second one and pushed it in. Another cramp hit him. It was worse than the first.
“But...does it have to be so big?” he asked sitting on the edge of the bed.
Her father stuck his head out of the kitchen and gave her a concerned look. He could tell by the tone of her voice that something was on her mind.
“Come on Sherlock,” he said patting the pillow. “Lie down. I promise I won’t let anything bad happen to you.”
“Now Karen,” Rosie said gently pulling on Karen’s shirt sleeve.
The bunny cried out in pleasure and pushed back against the cock. He wanted more!
The wolf curled up against his lover as tight as he could get. It was almost as if he was trying to sneak away from the pain inside of him. He needed to get away from it!
The wolf was finally hitting resistance inside of his bunny’s body.He growled as he showed the toy in hard. Sherlock screamed the best he could. Tears were filling his eyes. He couldn’t take that toy! It was too big!
A few kids were gathering around the scene. Rosie felt her heart race as all eyes fell on her. What had she done? She’d hurt Luna and she was in a lot of trouble.
“That’s right,” John murmured, helping Sherlock lift back up. “Put your body in its place. Make your body like it.”
“One more,” John said.
The wolf loved this - Sherlock’s most incredibly succulent bottom was just
“Do I deserve more lube?” the bunny asked looking up at his wolf through half closed eyes.
“Good boy,” John said gently petting his ear. “Sweet bunny. Accept it.”
John smirked as he began to slam as hard as he could inside his sweet bunny. The smooth, tight passage was gripping his mammoth throbbing hard wolf cock with everything it could. The lube from earlier had dried up but his cum was working just fine.
“I can’t!” Sherlock cried.
“No,” his little bunny whined, shaking his head.
Heat! He could tell heat when he saw it. He was a doctor. What the hell was going on? Sherlock had never gone into any kind of rut or heat before.
Sherlock smiled at Mycroft, flashing his teeth. ‘The world will never know that I am a homosexual, Mycroft, and if you tell anyone, I will have you destroyed.’
‘I’d marry you whatever you’d said, you stupid sod,’ John whispered, and then they were kissing, Sherlock’s lips fitting perfectly around his, side by side, touching all over, together forever.
John gasped. Harry flinched. Henry murmured, ‘oh dear,’ and Jenny covered her mouth with her hand.
John thinks about Sherlock’s face in that moment for
and he smiled back.
‘No.’ John whispered to Sherlock as they walked up the street. ‘No way.’
Sherlock sat down next to him, sprawling back and trying not to think about the sweet relief of heroin filling his veins, filling him with that sleepy fulfilment, blocking life and thoughts and
Sherlock’s a good kisser, even when surprised, but John is far too busy experiencing the biggest buzz of his life to care. He’s never done anything with a man before, and he doesn't know if that’s what’s doing it or if it’s just
Morag pulled out a gun.
‘You go more French when you’re drunk,’ John laughed, and Sherlock playfully hit his shoulder. ‘Well, the French spend half their time drunk. The wine is exquisite.’
This time it was slow and loving, gentle and sweet, and Sherlock’s heart thudded painfully as he wondered what John was trying to say with this kiss, though his influenced brain could still barely comprehend the situation-
‘Sherly!’ Came the cry, as soon as he had stepped inside. In the entrance hall stood his father, step-mother and brothers, surrounding…
But James didn’t mind how fucked-up Sherlock was. James knew just how fucked-up Sherlock was. James accepted that, liked that, even, and he always had, always would.
‘Your initials?’
Anyway.
Sherlock talked about the day that, five weeks after the death of his mother, a woman had walked into Sherlock’s quarters and announced she was his nanny. She was young, no older than thirty, and he was told to call her Miss Brook.
Had Sherlock been killed?
Irene Adler’s smile widened. ‘Twice.’
he’s looking for, and therefore cannot find it. He starts Uni with a heavy heart, sure he won’t find whatever he was looking for buried in books and lab equipment-
‘We agreed this after you returned from Afghanistan, John.’ Mycroft said, trying to avoid eye contact with Sherlock’s partner, who had been in a foul mood for the best part of a year. Sherlock winced when Mycroft mentioned Afghanistan; those twenty-four hours, between finding out John had been shot and then flying to Afghanistan to find him almost dead, had been the worst of his life. Mycroft kept telling him he was extremely lucky none of the soldiers told; Sherlock told him to piss off. John had been dying, Sherlock had to be there.
She probably didn’t know what it meant, John decided. He’d tell her later.
brilliant). ‘Yes. Well. All in a day’s work. I didn’t expect the reaction I received, honestly. It was just a dead woman-‘
‘Um-‘ Siger hesitated. ‘No, go back to sleep.’
‘Say that again,’ he says, and Sherlock complies, promising himself that no other word will ever leave his lips. ‘John, John, John, John,
'What I'm trying to say is that I love you.' John paused and looked at the stars, which glinted in his eyes. 'I love you, Sherlock.'
‘Yes.’ John said, refusing to look at Sherlock. ‘It’s too big for me, anyway, and you look good in it. Ok. I’m going to go into the lounge, and introduce you. Don’t be…just be yourself.’
‘Not your fault.’ Sherlock answered, one hand on the doorknob. ‘You weren’t telling me that being gay, or as he put it, a
‘Nah.’ Harry corrected. ‘I like pussy, don’t I? The closest I could get would be if I had a sordid affair with Queen Patricia.’
And with that he tore Sherlock’s piece of paper out of his hand, ripped it until it was snowflake-sized, and left the room, leaving Sherlock right back at square one and surrounded by shreds of paper.
‘Oh.’ Sherlock thought for a moment. ‘Maybe. Depends.’
Sherlock and Irene had been inseparable since she had arrived at the palace the September before his father died. She had apparently been sent there to try and encourage Sherlock to be more aristocratic and live up to what an heir should be (and, though nobody said it, to help him get over John) and Sherlock had been outraged when he had been informed. ‘I’m going to be stuck with a snobbish, arrogant noble?’ He had cried. ‘But- but- but they’ll be boring! They’ll be over-confident! They’ll probably be a terrible person!’
‘I would have told you!’ Sherlock frantically ran his hand through his hair, looking around the classroom in a frenzy. ‘I need to go home and choose a way to ask him, Jim! Why did no one tell me I was running out of time!’
‘Good lord, Mycroft,
reason why I shouldn't worry,’ John said petulantly. ‘Go on.
John was saying something and Sherlock shuddered, clearing his head and looking away briefly. ‘Sorry?’
‘…need to talk to you.’
‘You’re being absurd, John.’ Sherlock sighed. ‘Really.’
And Sherlock just meekly put away his hand, just like he always had and probably always would.
‘Come along, John.’ Sherlock said suddenly, brushing past Mrs Hudson and striding along the corridor. ‘Pleased to meet you,’ John said quickly, before following the Prince. The palace was huge; it must take years to learn how to get around it, John thought.
‘Except,’ John whispered, ‘I don’t last for two months. I last
and John shakes his head because Sherlock is more than that. Sherlock is the one that John loves and Sherlock will always be the one that John loves, but John has spent much too long orchestrating this to stop it now. He’s chasing the biggest thrill of his life and he will
Sherlock stared up at him, eyes reflecting the moon, which was directly above them. ‘It’s not the summer that brings hope and happiness, John, it’s
‘On Monday, and he’ll be delighted that I made the effort. And they’ll be beautiful. I mean, I made them.’
John wondered if the sexual chemistry was nearly killing Sherlock, too.
John smiled. ‘Me first. Am I a…vegetable?’
Irene stopped directly in front of the bed and coughed. ‘Sherlock?’
It was a voice that had haunted his dreams and his reality; a voice that Sherlock had craved yet despised because even as it made him happy it made him heartbreakingly sad. It was a voice as sticky as honey, as warm as a summer’s day, as clear as spring water.
John took a deep breath and reminded himself he was being idiotic. He had replaced Sherlock with Mary; why shouldn’t Sherlock move on? John had dumped Sherlock; Sherlock hadn’t dumped John.
"Hey Freak! Freaks toy, he's inside already."
Gregory opened his mouth to protest that John needed more sleep, but he yawned, and fell asleep instead, John keeping vigil for hours, putting on caffeine patches from a hiding hole of his, needing to stay awake for his friend. Who didn't need to know he may or may not have remembered the nightmare after all, Greg was the one who was in need currently, not John. Just like when John eases Sherlock's new nightmares that rose since Sherrinford, Sherlock was important then, John comes second. He'll be fine, of course he will. He always is. He always is... He has to be. If he isn't, who will be? Who will be the rock for everyone if he isn't? Sherlock and Mycroft are too stubborn and emotionally stunted, Greg needs a rock the most. John will live with being it, he doesn't need fine. He was fine. John was just fine, right...?
He sat himself on Mycrofts lap and kissed him softly, snuggling into his chest, before stealing a sip of Mycroft's tea, raising an eyebrow at the lack of response from John, and together they looked over, at the once again prone, sleeping body. Mycroft moved them both to the sofa so they could keep an eye on him and quietly converse.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
With an hour till the meeting, or at least till he should move there, he sat at a local popular cafe, and ordered a drink and a slice of brownie, setting up the pretence of reading, while he people watched. He multi-tasked, reading his book, while flicking his eyes through the crowd, eyes darting to primarily the forearms. Where every
Mycroft smiled, he had something to do, finally, a distraction. He donned his finest suit, grabbed his umbrella and headed to his car, directing his driver to the address.
A sick feeling flooded his body as she approached him, scalpel in hand.
Head shake.
"Yes, looks like the tip of the killers nose, no wonder he was angry. Get a rush on it to pathology. To see if the DNA fits anyone in the system."
At the end one of the longer ones came over and introduced themself.
"What? Anything?"
With a frown, Mycroft pocketed the phone, and started remaking the bed, pulling back the covers to flatten out the bottom sheet, stopping in his tracks. Where Gregory usually lies, was a large stain of still wet blood, the size of which surprised him. He froze before bolting to the library, hitting a silent alarm button that would send an ambulance directly to his residence no questions asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Distantly, he was aware of a medic telling him to breathe. On some level he was aware of the fact no oxygen was reaching his lungs, but he couldn't for the life of him work out how to do so. All he could hear was his heart racing, attempting to leap over to Greg. He noticed with detached thoughts just how much it hurt, not breathing. He watched from afar as the bandages were peeled off, with blood sluggishly pouring out,
"Okay, do you have any preferences?"
"So, do you have anyone who can help look after you, Will?"
"You are right John, my apologies. I should indeed have informed you of Sherlock's condition, I can see how you seeing he was gone and the state of the bathroom would have caused you to panic. You are also right about how especially after, after Sherrinford," Mycroft paused, paling further, absently rubbing his own scars, "I do trust you after that event. How could I not? If not for you, things may have gone worse for me... However this is not the time for additional thank you's in that regard. You not seeing my brother's worsening condition is not on you. I thank you for looking after both him and my Gregory, I know he is a wreck, but, I, I don't know how to help him..."
"I'm sorry, I couldn't stop him, he just raced down here..." Lestrade trailed off as his eyes found the body, rapidly paling at the sight of the blood and the gashes.
John?"
"Well we are definitely looking at a serial killer. Judging by the amount of blood that keeps growing, someone who has an obsession with blood, a hemophiliac to give it the proper terminology. He will keep killing and cutting and slicing until he is caught. There will be a note somewhere, just like last time, as he does want each kill to seem like a suicide. And just like last time there will be evidence of rape on her. The amount of psychiatric medications are likely how he targets them, there is a common denominator there, he is a middle man somewhere in the process. The fact that he picks self-harmers is on purpose. It helps with the illusion it is a suicide, rather than a murder, and they are also more vulnerable than any other possible victims. Anything else? Or may I leave?"
Lestrade awaited for him when he got out of the taxi, John beside him, after warning the two this one was worse, he lead them up, past Anderson and Donovan who couldn't resist a "Hi Freak!" When they reached the room, they received another warning, and entered, followed soon after by Anderson and Donovan. This time, the victim was male, shakily written on one of the white walls was 'I can't take this anymore' in blood, it was clearly written by their victim, as his fingers were covered, and a hand print matched his hand. Like Ashley, his wrists were sliced, this time multiple times, and like her, they were sliced all the way through, in addition, his head had been shot, judging by the spray it was shot from a .45 caliber, the same one that was dropped in a pool of the blood. With care, Sherlock got closer to examine the spray, noting the span of it, before spotting the bullet lodged in the wall opposite the note. It seemed staged, Sherlocks phone alerted him to a text, and he handed it to John to read as he carefully pulled out the bullet out of the wall, and dropped it into a evidence bag that Anderson hesitantly held out, before going into the hole and pulling out a rolled up wrapper, unraveling it at the same time John spoke up.
She padded out to the bathrooms, and upon her return rubbed her eyes, looking at the other pods briefly, seeing nothing out of the ordinary, before entering hers again. Repacking her bag with read books, she put it at her feet, near the blind and checked her phone again, smiling at the reassuring texts from her friends. She'd just started drifting off when she saw her curtain twitch open, and saw an unfamiliar figure that set her whole body on edge, firing every alarm at once, hastily, she grabbed her phone and sent a single message.
"John, let's go downstairs and have a cup of tea."
When he arrived at the flat and let himself in, he wasn't entirely surprised to see Sherlocks bed empty, and instead made his way up to Johns room, knocking, just in case before entering. On the bed was his Gregory, fast asleep, looking peaceful and relaxed. Satisfied, his gaze switched to Doctor Watson, at least 5 caffeine patches on his bare arm, which clearly wasn't enough, as he was fitfully sleeping, a deep frown etched in his face, as Mycroft watched, John started twitching and muttering in his sleep, before he got too loud, he strode over and placed a hand on the distressed mans shoulder, jolting him awake with a gasp.
"Sherlock has gone for a wander around with Greg, so that he won't run off, I'm here to take you to look at the newest victim. If you don't mind me asking, are you okay John? You look exhausted."
"Uh, you were having a nightmare i guess? Thrashing and screaming and the like. I didn't know what to do."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John opens the door and goes in first, turning to see Greg's face at the silence, smirking and continuing, jogging to his and Sherlock's room, not noticing the open bathroom door. He skidded at the sight of just the sheet on the floor, and back tracked to the bathroom door which he just registered was opened, he saw the puddle of drying vomit, and not yet dried up water, grabbing some paper towels, he started mopping up the vomit, freezing when he saw the blood in the toilet, his mind racing with possibilities, while simultaneously beating himself up for leaving Sherlock when he was sick.
He chuckled wryly. “Do you truly doubt it? You know my methods. Think back on our acquaintance and see if you cannot identify five instances on which you betrayed your interest. I could name fifteen, but we will begin with the lesser challenge.”
To my relief, my voice was steady and, to my own ears at least, entirely natural.
Only days earlier, Holmes had remarked that even the best women were never entirely to be trusted – an abominable sentiment but one that I felt he might equally have applied to all mankind, given his innate suspicion of the motives of everyone who crossed his path and his seeming aversion to emotional attachments of any kind. I had also taken it to mean, however, that he was attracted exclusively to men. Now I saw that I might have been mistaken.
This performance, too, I found curiously attractive, though doubtless it was childish. Holmes at work was a man entirely in control of his surroundings and his audience, more powerful and alive than I had ever seen him, and I realised at once that I should have to guard my heart more firmly than ever, were I to accompany him on any more of his cases. I had always been attracted to men and women of unusual intelligence. I enjoyed the sort of verbal sparring at which Holmes excelled almost more than I did the softer interactions that came with acknowledged mutual attraction. Seeing Holmes at work, so carelessly at ease in his skin and so naturally in control of his domain, I was reminded of the one man I had loved with my whole heart, before the war had drawn me into a hell outside any he would ever experience or understand. Henry had loved me too, so I believed. He had, at least, loved the man I had been. But when I had returned, a pallid ghost, I had seen the horror in his eyes. We had met at a particular kind of gentleman's club known for its discretion where we had often met before I had left England. I had spend days in a fever of anticipation, recalling the blue of his eyes, the strength of his neck and the sound of his laugh. Our reunion, it had seemed to me, might go some way to alleviating the hollowness and despair I had felt in the early weeks of my recovery. After that first appalled look, Henry had pressed my hand and asked after my health and smiled with his lips but not with his eyes. We had made stilted conversation over a single drink and when I had taken my leave, unable to bear the way he seemed unconsciously to draw back whenever I leaned towards him, he had not pressed me to stay. I had not heard from him since. I had vowed, after that, never to love anyone in that way again. Standing there in that macabre room, beside that disfigured body and two men who would have had me up on charges had they known even a fraction of what I had felt for Henry - and what I now feared I might grow to feel for Holmes - I made a silent promise to myself that, no matter how I came to admire Holmes, mind, body and soul, I would never allow myself to love him.
“I know what you are feeling,” said Holmes, with quiet certainty. At my look, which said quite plainly that I did not believe him, he once again took hold of my sleeve across the table, silently imploring me to listen.
“Is she? I did not observe.”
At last, uttering an inarticulate sound of need, he rose to his knees and pressed one more hungry kiss on my lips. When I pulled away, no longer able to resist the promise of losing myself inside him, I turned him within the circle of my arms so that he was kneeling before me, his back flush with my chest. Henry, too, had usually chosen to take the more active role in our coupling and it had longer than I cared to remember since I had felt the slick heat of a man's body surrounding me. I was shaking as I grasped one of Holmes' angular hips and pressed myself against him. Sweat had dampened the fine hair at the base of his skull and a tickle ran down between his shoulder blades. A pattern of fine moles painted scattered constellations across the pale skin of his back and I could not resist bending my head to press urgent kisses to them, where they decorated the delicate knobs of his spine, as I finally slid inside him. My own gasp was lost alongside the deep moan that escaped his lips as his body opened for me.
“No one else has,” he says.
John can never get a full sentence out when he’s this angry and Sherlock bites back a smile as the smaller man stutters and stops and starts again, his lean, upright frame practically vibrating with frustration.
“Since the day we met, I have treated you as my equal and known that you were my better,” he continued. “It is you who insisted on painting me as a hero, though what you find admirable in the inhuman thinking machine you describe in your stories, I cannot imagine. It is you who treated me like a schoolmaster or a general, someone distant to be looked to for instruction but never to be trusted with your thoughts or your feelings.”
He turned to me and shot me a look that I could not interpret. “If this friend of yours was really here, as you say, then there is only one place he could have gone.”
“It was nothing you did,” said Holmes. “I merely have a habit of observation that reveals certain facts about those around me, whether I will it or not. As to your drinking, I knew from the first day we met. You took out your watch when Stamford asked you for the time and it told the whole story.”
“So far. Fuck, Sherlock. You ended up in hospital. You needed almost forty stitches. They were on the verge of giving you a blood transfusion, for god’s sake. You’d already solved the case. Why did you have to taunt her like that? It’s like you’re trying to get yourself killed.”
By the time he finished reading it, I had myself under control.
“You are shivering,” he observed.
“By throwing yourself into him when he was passing the window? By making sure you both fell two storeys onto solid concrete? That. That was really the best sodding plan your genius brain could come up with?”
“So, my dear Watson,” Holmes said at last, lying naked on the grass, examining a bee that was sipping from a purple clover flower. “How will you shape this case into one of your stories? Shall you allow yourself to be the hero, for once, or will you be as bumbling and awestruck as you usually are in your alternative versions of reality?”
John is muttering to himself behind his hands and Sherlock notes the pallor of his skin and the slump of his shoulders. He has moved out of active combat mode and into survival mode. He’s trying not to succumb to a panic attack. Sherlock is surprised by the feeling of guilt that suffuses him at the deduction. Guilt is a useless emotion and one he rarely feels. Must be another after-effect of the drug.
“For someone who observes others so well, you have a shockingly skewed view of yourself,” he said. “Not only are you a doctor and a veteran – with a face and a body that have not ceased occupying my thoughts since the day I met you, I might add – but you seem not to realise that you are also generous and far too forgiving and that, although I am undoubtedly more observant than you – at least when it comes to solving crimes – you are a thousand times wiser than I. It did not take me long to understand that you are also one of the kindest men I’ve ever met. It is a quality I admire so much, I believe, because it is one in which I am manifestly lacking.”
Holmes shifted in his seat, adjusting his long legs and turning his eyes to the window, telegraphing an air of disinterest.
I have rarely hated anyone as much as I hated the woman. I am not a man to whom hatred comes naturally. In fact, my ability to find qualities worth admiring in almost anyone was one of the things that Holmes seemed to find most intriguing about me, illogical and impractical though he professed it to be. And yet there was something about Irene Adler that disturbed me from the very first moment she crossed our paths.
“To whom did you refer? I have been labouring under the misapprehension that you are the smartest man in London.”
I cried out the word without conscious thought, hating the shame and desperation in my tone. I was almost dizzy with shock and horror. How had he discerned so much that I thought I had kept hidden from him? Quick on the heels of raw shame came a wave of anger towards the man who had allowed me to believe that I had him fooled and so to continue making a fool only of myself. I sat frozen in shock and mortification for several seconds longer, hoping that the pain I felt at Holmes' words did not show on my face as plainly as I feared it must. For one who had seen so much to have interpreted my expression should not have surprised me, and yet I hardly knew what to think when Holmes’ hawk-like face suddenly softened, and he leaned towards me as though involuntarily, clutching at my sleeve.
“What a work of fantasy! I have never read such rubbish in my life,” I cried, throwing the magazine down beside the butter. Roused from his gloom, Holmes glanced at the page, still open to the article, and then at my face.
Holmes smile was perhaps the most brilliant I had ever seen it and for a moment I lost myself in the shapely curve of his lips.
“You said it, genius.”
This time, when Sherlock leans in, John doesn’t push him away. Sherlock closes his eyes and focuses on John’s soft mouth and his warm body, calling up his mental index of all the things most likely to make John moan.
“When did you last eat?” I asked, levering one arm under his shoulders as he dragged himself upright and propped himself against the stained wall.
“Well man,” he said, poking at Holmes’ still form with the toe of his boot. “How came you to be here, in a locked room, rather than below with the other lost souls? And what have you to say to this man who believes he saw an old friend at that very window?”
