“Anyway, I need a drink,” he announced, clapping Cas on the shoulder as he walked towards the kitchen. “You nerds hit the books, and I’ll do what Santa does best.” He slapped his belly and tried not to grimace when it both jiggled and grumbled hungrily at the same time. Self-deprecation: Dean’s last measure of emotional defense.
Jo scowled and picked up her cards, holding them with poise although she didn’t know what in the world she was looking for in them. Turning up her nose, she said, “I’d rather not, demon. After Naomi’s romp with you
“Everything copacetic?” Castiel asks, the caution clear in his voice, and Dean nods, sinking down onto the bed between Castiel and Sam.
Breath stuttering in his chest and mind not exactly in tip-top shape to think or process clearly, he swallows and tries to remember what the fuck Cas is even asking about.
“Are you coming?” Castiel calls over his shoulder, ending Dean’s pity spiral preemptively. “Cain is here.”
that startles them both from deep sleep is almost identical to the one they’d heard when the streetlight came down that first night Castiel was here. Dean’s out of bed in a flash, pulling boxers and a t-shirt on before shouldering his rifle and creeping quietly down the stairs. He checks the gun absently, releasing the safety before he’s even made it to the bottom. His hips and thighs ache, the dull, pleasant kind, but enough to make him wince as he moves.
Dean strolled over to take a closer look at the tree. Most of the lights in the war room were off, and the multicolored twinkle lights were the main source of illumination. The corner glowed, bright and merry, and Dean couldn’t bring himself to be grumpy about it.
Mostly, those fans are harmless, just excited, cool people who only want to take a selfie or grab an autograph. Occasionally, one might have the balls to ask Dean out for drinks, and he can’t lie—he’s found a stellar one-night-stand or two that way. Maybe he’s just been lucky thus far, not ever stumbling across any real jerks or creeps.
From less than three feet away, Dean can practically hear the gears turning in Cas’ head as he slots the pieces of this not-so-complicated puzzle together. He waits for the refusal, the chastisement, the warning sigh and accompanied,
when this piece is done and the tension between them isn’t riddled with painful memories and regret from Castiel’s past—maybe then they can see where things go. If Dean is still interested, of course. If this isn’t just an elaborate ploy to gain Castiel’s trust. Not that he
his mouth actually watered, this time not from impending vomiting. “Holy shit,” Dean muttered as his nausea rapidly transformed into something much more familiar—
of the resort, anyway—the kitchen, the sitting rooms, the beach—but the bedrooms are still nowhere to be seen. Not just that, there are also several sections of the place that are marked off-limits completely to the cast. Rachel makes sure to let him know (more than once) that those areas are reserved for the crew and production team only.
to be tasked with mundane chores and routine activities that Castiel himself would usually loathe doing on his own. Today, it all feels like some kind of magic.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean croaked, rolling on to his side to where the angel sat on the mattress next to him, slumped down, a thick book in his lap. His trench coat was gone, folded on the back of Dean’s chair with his suit jacket, and his boots were kicked off carelessly at the side of the bed.
Jo’s other arm came around him in an embrace and Castiel rested his cheek on her head, giving himself permission to feel sadness.
“Uh, duh,” Dean scoffs, raising his arms like that should be completely obvious, and Novak looks genuinely taken aback. Only for a second though, his face quickly hardening into the bitchy expression Dean is
right over the crown, making him cry out and press back into Cas’ body, coming hard enough to see fuzzy stars across his vision.
Once all of that’s decided, there’s nothing to do but get there and listen to status updates over the radio as they drive.
Thank fuck for that, because even well-intentioned hostage-taking sure sounds like a good way to be labeled a liability and kicked out of the colony before they even get a chance to unload the car. Everything else aside, the dark means one thing for sure: it is now safer inside the walls than out.
selfless. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love. You raised your little brother for love. You fought for Sam, for this show and this community for love. You trusted me, forgave me when I hurt you. That is who you are. You're the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know. Dean, ever since we met, knowing you has changed me. Because you cared, I
Dean more than anything, that he wouldn’t go to the ends of the earth to make their relationship work. Dean is his world, he just can’t be his entire life.
he chastises himself, taking in Dean’s warm green eyes and opting to move on instinct since it hasn’t failed him thus far, not where Dean is concerned.
not safely, and Dean would never approve—and Jack, well. Castiel’s not sure how much use a hands-off child-God is going to be to him at all. He supposes that depends on Jack himself, and maybe they won’t know that answer until they get there.
“There,” Crowley had said. “You’ll find one of his demon lackeys there. They’ll tell you where to go, where to find him.”
Castiel is not like most people. In this or any other thing. He finds the train soothing. From the rhythmic swaying to the predictability—the way each car is the same as the last, the same every time. He even closes his eyes for a moment during the short ride to his stop, dreamily managing to forget that he’s maybe about to burn the new life he’s built (and that he treasures) to the ground.
“Whoa, hey!” Dean flounders, splashing water everywhere and sloshing a good amount onto the floor as he copes with being manhandled.
Naomi did the same in reverse, the two of them meeting in the hallway to exchange tips and weary glances as they switched places. After that, it was on to interrogating Crowley himself and then every member of H1, all of whom claimed to be in the shower block when both assaults occurred. Of course, Crowley was readily able to produce a list of supposedly impartial inmates to witness for him, all regurgitating the
“Something about you,” Castiel muses, his eyes tracking from Dean’s chest up to his face when Cas tips his chin up just
Although… Dean tilts his head to the side as he watches Castiel and his perfect ass ascend the stairs in front of him. Those things don’t exactly
“I’m sure she’s fine,” Castiel said insightfully, a small smile perking up one corner of his lips. “She’ll let you know if she needs you, Sam. You can relax.”
of this. Pointer fingers in his ear canals, Dean scores about five blissful seconds of white-noise silence before Castiel’s in his space again, his physical presence
Pulling his bottom lip in between his teeth, Dean’s eyes fill with mischief and he bucks his hips. “Show me,” he demands, and then cheekily adds, “Sir.”
He stands on the platform of the train station that sits five or so blocks from his home. It’s late enough at night that any trace of the businessmen and commuters who flood the rail system daily has been obliterated, but not so late that it isn’t still busy. Students with backpacks, likely traveling to or from jobs and one of the local colleges lean against support poles and slump tiredly on benches. Twenty-somethings cluster in groups and couplets, laughing and horsing around. The majority are dressed up and ready to head into town, to light the city on fire.
“Sorry,” Claire rushes to say, tone pressed and sounding breathless, like she was just exercising. There’s no odd background noise to speak of, but then again, there wouldn’t be if she bolted to get somewhere quiet. “I was in the basement. You know how our house is—sometimes Facetime just won’t connect.”
Down at Castiel’s feet is a plaque providing backstory and detail on the “Misha” character in Dean’s book, and how the angel’s wings were damaged pulling Jensen out of Hell. It goes on to describe how Jensen helped Misha learn to accept his wings, resulting in their spontaneous, magical healing
think about the related code, or believe that Dean doesn’t know it, especially considering his ridiculous obsession with cowboys and the Wild West.
Castiel’s still sort of befuddled, but he’s beginning to catch on. Slowly—he’s got questions, but Kaia’s still talking, so he swallows them for the time being. The thing is, Castiel has already changed his entire plan for the company and for Claire. They’ve discussed it, she’s accepted—it was an easy, obvious decision in the end. Claire will go to school at UCLA, maintain a role in the new nonprofit’s leadership, and after she graduates, Castiel will train her as his successor.
“Shit,” Dean mumbles, rolling clumsily off of his cot. He blinks blearily, stumbling as he strips off yesterday’s clothing as quickly as possible. He’s only half-awake, but even still, he can recognize the sound of people gathered in H2’s living area, arguing. As Dean splashes some cold water onto his face and brushes his teeth, Gordon’s miserable voice rises above the rest, clearly irritated about whatever they’re discussing. Dean just hopes that whatever it is has nothing to do with him.
than it ever has, even considering the dramatic change in atmosphere once Crowley was ousted. Perhaps that’s just perspective.
“I’m sure that Baby will transform back to herself when The Ride is over, Dean,” Castiel comforted quietly, sitting down beside him and patting his arm.
Instead, a restless Dean bets Castiel that the two of them can take out everyone in the entire joint with just the first blade and an angel blade. Not that he would ever bet against Dean, but they don’t actually know
"Hey-oh!" One of the guys threw up his hands, body tipping to the side as he laughed. "Ho, ho, ho, and happy Christmas to us all. Lookie, we got another one, y'all!"
Beyond the overwhelming scents of swirling arousal and alpha happiness, Castiel’s scent is already changing. The isolated notes of his usual smoky cinnamon and honey are more muted, richer, and they make sense together because they smell like a finished product. Some kind of pastry, with clear-as-day apple notes. That secondary scent of sunshine now smells to Dean like the open road on a perfectly clear day.
Castiel catches him by the arm, letting go just as soon as he touches, though that doesn’t stop Dean from yanking it away. The inmate whirls around, cheeks red and eyes shining, and gets right in Castiel’s face. He’s got a good inch or two on him in height, and Castiel struggles to stand firm, to not look remotely intimidated. In reality, his heart is thumping in his chest like he just finished a set of progressive sprints.
After an extended, thirty-minute affair in the shower where Castiel mostly stands and stares blankly at the white tile wall, he steps out and shaves off the last two days of stubble. Freshly smooth, he wrangles his hair into something semi-styled and presentable, and throws on some cologne. At least he’ll look and smell decent, even if his attitude and mood don’t match.
devices activating from inside the house, emergency buttons being pressed, and panicked yelling over the radios themselves fills the air.
“Good gift,” Dean croaks, flashing a thumbs up that also gives Castiel a glimpse of the collar wrapped around his left wrist
“One last thing, and I’ll be quiet about it,” Castiel says, and Dean raises an arm in the air, waving it around like,
“Well, what are we waiting for?” He raised his eyebrows and glanced back at Claire, unstrapping his seatbelt and moving to open the driver’s side door when he was stopped suddenly by Castiel’s hand on his arm.
Cas is human enough by that point that when they drive up, the motel looks deserted to him, a condemned structure practically falling apart at the seams. The difference between what his eyes say is there and what Dean sees is chilling, and a stark reminder that he won’t be able to keep up with Dean forever.
affecting his work. That he’s still the guy she can look to and rely on, that he’s worth the investment as both an employee and a friend, despite his missteps.
He turns his attention back to Dean, who (now that they’re stationary) is looking at him openly. His expression is both unabashedly interested and curious yet again, and Castiel
Of course, it’s just as he’s seriously considering this possible revelation that Castiel makes it to the Gas-N-Sip. It’s also less than five minutes before Dean’s shift is scheduled to end. As he strolls across the parking lot and between the pumps, Castiel does his best to look calm and collected, and not like he’s having an existential crisis. With any luck, no signs of his internal struggle are poking through. If they are, then hopefully whatever’s showing on his face can be written off by his current laden-down predicament and the weather.
Next time: Christmas is coming, The Big Finale...or is it? And will Dean ever get a chance to respond to Cas' confession?!
Holding him tightly from behind, Dean kisses his neck and murmurs all plethora of sweet ramblings into his ear as he thrusts, still stroking Castiel’s softening cock as he finishes himself off between his thighs. He comes with a soft groan and a last twist of his palm that has Castiel squirming and going cross-eyed from the oversensitivity. Dean’s breathing is ragged, caught in his chest in a way Castiel can feel reverberate in his.
Perhaps it’s because fighting and running and weapons and pain are all familiar territory for Castiel, whereas having a home and being welcomed in it are not.
As they met in the middle, Jo smirked and looped her arm with his, turning him as to carry on in the direction she’d been headed. She pointed ahead of them.
Grinning and threading an arm through the one braced against her hip, Gabriel drags Eileen forward, up two questionable steps and onto the dilapidated porch in order to access the front door. “Live a little, ‘Leen,” he says. Sam just rolls his eyes while following close behind, and Castiel doesn’t miss the way his left wing seeks hers, feathers brushing together in casual reassurance.
still turn it all around, and not just like he’s repeating the same tired mantra for his own sake. Self-preservation is a helluva drug, but now that he’s sober, Dean can see clearly how he was barely scraping by, knows he could never go back to living that way. If Castiel leaves him now, he won’t survive it.
“Because I want this,” he murmurs. “Want you so fuckin’ bad, pressed up against me and spread all over me. Wanna touch every inch of you all the goddamn time.”
“Understandably so,” Castiel replies, patient and steady. “You’d have to be somewhat insane not to be.”
the work. Separated you, the real you, from all that shit I could possibly be projecting. I got to know you, I watched you fight for me. Cas, that day everything went down with Crowley? Couldn’t have been
. I made you watch that like two years ago, remember?” Dean raised his brows, eyes alight. His thumb ran over the soft fleshy bit of Castiel’s palm, making his stomach clench nervously. But...a good nervous. “Anyway,” Dean continued, shrugging, “it means if you could fight way-back-when with all the weapons I’m sure you knew how to use as a bad-ass angel, then you can get good at using a gun as a bad-ass human. We just gotta practice. We, uh, gotta take it slow.”
Anyway, the rehab center is closer to their apartment than the hospital, and between those two places is the Roadhouse. So at the very least, Dean’s trips for burgers and shakes (and shots) become slightly more convenient. That’s something, at least.
Dean grins, relieved that he doesn’t have to say it after all. He wiggles his eyebrows. “You up for it?”
“Get out of here, you infatuated asshole,” Pam says, when Dean doesn’t tear his eyes away from his boyfriend, nearly dropping a glass off the side of the counter in the process. “Go enjoy your
Castiel just smiles and peels Dean’s hand from his head, threading their fingers together once again in his lap. “I hope you know that I feel the same,” he says, and then rolls his eyes. “About you, not about the self-hating asshole. Though, I do agree with your assessment.”
The tendrils snaking out from the darkest corners of Dean’s mind retract, dissipating slowly but surely back into the ether. His mood evens out and stabilizes, no longer setting his teeth on edge or making him clench his fists in raw irritation. In fact, the entire day starts catching up with him fairly quickly, making Dean’s eyelids heavy and his thoughts fuzzy. Even as he drifts off to sleep, Dean still wishes he wasn’t alone, but there’s nothing he can do about that now.
do it, the whole event turned somewhat rote and mechanical in his mind. Those feelings persisted to the point where even if Castiel did manage to get off, it wasn’t anything more satisfying than catering to any other biological need.
Eventually, it becomes impossible for Castiel to ignore the chaos that is happening around his body, irrespective of his own internal storm. Despite his best efforts, the voices begin to separate, each becoming clearer and more distinct. He considers sitting up.
It wasn’t until two calls later and no break to return to station that Dean texted and admitted he had been waiting there anyway, hoping Castiel would make it back. At that point, Dean was finally ready to admit defeat and head home, having to be back at work himself at six a.m. the next morning.
under any circumstances, to come. If you can get me off in time, I won’t put you in chastity today. If you don’t…” Castiel trails off and flashes him a wicked smile, the fucker.
knows that first offenders with non-violent charges and ties to the community (hey, Sammy counts, even if he is a legal adult) can usually get bail waived. What was the point, though? The cop who picked him up was dirty, the public defender was clearly in Crowley’s pocket—the whole system felt corrupt and stacked against him. Fighting back wouldn’t have done anything but put Sam at risk, and Dean would do anything,
to close his eyes for a while, at least until his brain was ready again to come back online and wrap itself around everything that had happened.
That, plus the way Cas’ eyes stay closed long after Dean’s pulled away has him more than anxious to dive right in again. He wants to repeat that kiss, to find out how Castiel’s body fits in his arms, how every single part of him tastes.
Just after exiting the highway that brought them out of the city proper, Dean turns off the main drag onto a frontage road that’s barely paved and not particularly well-maintained. The sun’s gone down, on the early side thanks to the time of year, and Castiel finds himself relieved he never tried to make the trek to Dean’s studio alone. Aside from the occasional streetlight, there’s nothing at all back here besides looming, shadowed woods and a horror-movie vibe, and without Dean’s car in front of him assuring the way, there’s a zero percent chance Castiel wouldn’t have turned around by now.
“Aw, suck it up, Sammy,” Dean said with a laugh and a slap to the back of Sam’s neck that made him snort again. “It’s just one night, right?” With a wink, he grabbed Jack by the arm and dragged him back to the sleigh. “Hop in kid, we still got a long ways to go.”
have Castiel raising his eyebrows are the scorched-earth black marks left on both the ground and the sides of the mountain, reminiscent of the way wings from a dead angel burn into any given surface. It’s unprecedented, to put things mildly. Plenty of Grace was expended in the original battle to free Dean—Castiel can’t remember
stop completely for the night. If that happens, you’ll get to watch me jerk off onto your chest and face and you will not be allowed to come.” Castiel pauses for a moment and then adds, “and I will take a picture of you like that to commemorate the moment. Hmm. On second thought, this is bound to end well for me either way. How convenient.”
Squinting and bringing the paper close to his nose to read Castiel’s writing, Dean’s face scrunched up while he processed. “Romantic kink negotiation?” he asked. “What—why?”
while Cas was an angel was that Dean had none of the same parameters (or any baseline at all) to compare
Castiel frowned at Dean as he took one of his hands from Castiel’s shoulder and slid it into his pocket, taking the Samulet out of it. The four of them stared at Dean with their mouths open. “Why didn’t you say before that you had the amulet?”
Somewhere, around what Castiel estimates must be less than a mile from the cabin’s supposed location, he stops to dig out that scarf, the gloves, and a protein bar. The bar goes down like chalk; dry and tasteless, and Castiel isn’t sure whether it’s his apprehension over Dean or just the quality of the “Peanut Butter Power-Up” to begin with.
Dean raised his palms expectantly before folding them across his chest. “You know, alive? On this plane? In this universe? Any and all of the above?”
By the time he’s stepping out the front door of Castiel’s apartment complex, the wind cold and sharp as it whips and stings at his face, Dean’s already feeling moderately better. The fresh air helps, too, and he sucks it in, drives home with the windows down despite the cold.
is more than one kind of obvious deadline in his life. He’s been standing at the edge of the diving board for what feels like forever now, and it’s very clearly time to either dive in or step aside.
Castiel thinks, lying in an approximation of horizontal and blinking into the heavy dark. He’s fairly certain that things have—
He pushes Dean forward a little and scrubs his back thoroughly while Dean hugs his own legs, even venturing down into his crack, the tease. Cas even pauses to knead Dean’s shoulders for a bit, and then works on the knot he always has jacking up the base of his spine.
Castiel thinks, recognizing the setup for the standard way to allow a customer to witness the full glory of a finished magical piece on a tough-to-see part of the body.
“Thanks,” he says anyway, taking a small puff and handing the joint off to Victor, who surprises Dean somewhat by partaking. Then again, Victor’s always been kind of a “rules are for when they benefit me,” sort of guy, so maybe it’s not surprising at all. Truthfully, Dean doesn’t really care.
“Castiel and Dean,” she says, the lights on her cone a bright orange tonight. “I have noticed that over the past few days, neither of you has been tempted by any of the other players or to break the rules with each other. You have made genuine progress in your relationship, and are deserving of a reward. The private suite is yours for the night. Use it as a means to take your relationship to the next level, and don’t break the rules.”
“So good, Sir,” Dean replies quickly, earning himself the soft graze of Castiel’s fingertips down his arm.
“I guess we know who ordered the ladder,” Sam muttered, before he shuffled over and helped Cas slide the tinsel towards the front of the house.
Sam Winchester, District Attorney extraordinaire, sighs and closes the criminal law reference book he has open in front of him. It’s been over half an hour and Sam’s finally giving up on keeping the one-sided conversation his best friend Charlie is insistent on having with him as just that. He has a murder case going to trial tomorrow, but somehow the importance of that has sailed cleanly over Charlie’s head. Instead of patiently waiting for Sam to finish up his review of
Castiel chastises himself as he rubs his hands across his face before bracing them carefully on the side of the bed and standing up. The mattress barely moves and Castiel sends up a quick thank you to whoever might be listening above before tip-toeing across the room on silent feet. As he moves, he skirts away from any boards that he knows will creak and makes it out of the room without disturbing Dean’s slumber.
“Hey!” Sam exclaims in surprise when Castiel appears at his side and taps him on the arm. “Nice to see you, man, pull up a stool. Ellen’s making… What are you making, El?”
problem holding shit against him, and just the reminder of that humiliating moment on what should have been a great night makes his ears burn.
“It’s not your fault,” Castiel says quietly, pulling back barely enough to look Dean in the eyes. There’s more to his expression than what should be obvious, and Dean abruptly realizes there’s something going on here other than hormones. That’s as far as he can get on his own though—he’s got no fucking clue what Cas might be feeling, and beyond that—comforting a Dom? Dean’s way,
“Claire,” Castiel admonishes again, but he’s weak and has to turn away, busying himself with pretending to rearrange supplies in one of the cabinets so that Dean doesn’t see him fighting hard not to smile.
“I’m not whipped,” Dean protests from behind him, and Castiel raises his eyes to the sky. Lord help him. Is it six a.m. yet?
On day six, Sam parks him in front of the mirror in the hallway bathroom and demands he do exactly that. Eventually, Sam switches out with Jess in exasperation when Castiel simply stands there with the razor in his hand and stares blankly at his homeless-looking reflection, glaring at the bags under his eyes.
Understanding that some "critical" comments are well-meaning, if I am looking for concrit, I will seek it while the story is being written. Sometimes, I will solicit random opinions via social media posts to read a chapter early.
to the water is a four-foot cement wall with twelve-foot fencing and barbed wire built directly into it. The way it’s constructed, the barrier is no more climbable or susceptible to escape than any other part of the prison, but it
Castiel's lip curled up in the corner in victory for one brief moment before he schooled his expression and slid into the passenger side, settling on the bench beside Dean and stretching his legs out in front of him. Sam gave a mournful sigh like he wished it was him getting to experience that freedom, but he said nothing as he folded himself into the back.
“Oh,” Naomi says, rather visibly relieved, enough to make Castiel feel slightly guilty. “Well, I’m glad to hear it.” She gathers some of the files Castiel brought with him, shuffles them together, and walks the pile over to her desk before slapping it all down. “Alright, I have to be at a fundraiser in a couple of hours so I’m going to head upstairs and stuff my face. No one warns you about the crap they always serve at these things—how many finger sandwiches does a person need to eat before they feel full?”
Cas had to pause to un-pry Deans’ fingers from around the leg of a workstation. “And she said they appeared to begin The Ride. As a matter of fact, she’s adamant that you’re late.”
Ignoring Dean’s confused look, Castiel grabs his hand and leads him through the glass doors out onto the patio. They stride quickly past the pool and around the hedges, ducking in practiced fashion through the hidden entrance to Castiel’s rooftop garden oasis.
demonstrate the mistake of distancing myself so completely from humanity. I think I can understand better, now, why you never did.”
“Dammit, Balth!” Gabe exclaimed, dragging the other angel out of range of the needle holes. With a frustrated sigh, he pushed his grace into Balthazar, burning off the poison. He managed to clear the toxin before collapsing back against the wall, panting. Unless he wanted to go human, he couldn’t expend a drop more grace. “Wake up and heal yourself, muttonhead,” he grumbled, kicking Balth listlessly but repeatedly until he stirred.
Taken aback, Castiel is slower to react than he’d like, but he manages before things get entirely out of control. Grabbing Dean’s wrist, Castiel flips their positions quickly, shoving Dean up against the wall with his hand held fast next to his shoulder. Dean just smirks, like he expected this turn of events. Perhaps he did.
He and Sam creep through the iron jungle of useless vehicles and refuse while Dean quietly sights the area up ahead through his rifle. As a pair, they make their way down 12th Avenue and then cut across 30th Street, following 10th down into the obscenely gentrified area of the former Meatpacking District. Even now, abandoned and half-destroyed, most of the buildings here look like yuppie frou-frou places Dean wouldn't be caught dead in.
Everyone takes the opportunity to lay their cards out on the table—everyone except Dean, who holds his close to his chest. Peering forward, he pretends to scour the results carefully, scratching his chin and considering, like he’s really worried. “Let's see...Benny's got
Cas reluctantly pulls away, sniffing the air and making a low, disgruntled noise. “Pull those off before they burn.”
but he’s damn wealthy in the ways that matter. As if it’s not even relevant to that thought, he ignores the pain in his chest that tries suggesting he
Smirking as he closed the tailgate with a thump, Dean shrugged as he and Cas walked towards the cabin. “Nothin’. You just… You’re just lookin’ hot, that’s all.”
He pauses thoughtfully, continuing to pet Sam in a way that’s equally as much about soothing himself as it is comforting Sam. “Krippin Virus is... elegant,” he continues, smiling a little and shaking his head. “Just fishin’ in the dark. Oh, a behavioral note. An infected male—” Dean pauses here, wonders if he should include details about
Still, he starts out by facing Dean and closing his eyes to activate the magic in his wings. From behind his eyelids, Castiel can see the room brightening with the light show that accompanies their appearance, probably casting some interesting shadows against Dean’s bedroom wall. There’s a sharp intake of breath, and Castiel, while he’s no longer feeling embarrassed or ashamed, can’t bear to watch Dean’s reaction. Instead, he recounts in his own mind what Dean must see; the sparsely feathered stretches of damaged bone and muscle, ultra-real-looking and all the more devastating for it.
“Since day one,” he admits and Cas’ eyes widen. That makes Dean panic a little, if he’s being honest, but he pushes forward because it’s now or never, and if he stops
The producers know they’re on board, that they don’t have to be manipulated into giving it up in the private suite. Yet, they’re still encouraged by Rachel to play the game, to ensure plenty of moments are filmed where they appear hesitant to make contact with each other, where it looks like they’re torn about what to do.
“‘Course, Cas,” Dean replies with a little nod, stealing short kisses in between his replies. “If that’s what you want.”
“Fuck, no!” Dean yells at the top of his lungs, straining and kicking when he realizes that his legs are free. “Not again!” It’s no use, though—who or whatever is holding him down doesn’t budge—and the movement makes his belly hurt like hell and also maybe want to turn itself inside out.
at Dean, he’s reminded of his shitty, mortal fate. The swirling gold of Dean’s soul and the inky, oily black of the demon swirling inside of him are no longer visible to his human eyes, and Castiel hates it. That’s the one thing about his celestial powers he will well and truly miss.
of them—there was always someone out there for any given mood. Nothing was better than finding a person who felt the same way about
When he looks up, Dean’s got an arm thrown across his face, though there are tear tracks visible at the bottom of his cheeks. His chest is heaving and his free hand is hovering
“Yeah,” Dean says, winking in Claire’s direction. “We’re acquainted, although I didn’t know she was a
The sparking pull that draws Dean to Cas in general explodes and amplifies times a thousand when they’re like this. Cas’ body, naked save for his swim trunks and a towel around his hips, is pressed up against Dean’s, their tongues sliding together in earnest. Cas doesn’t pull back for breath, just gasps into Dean’s mouth, maybe so that this all counts as one kiss, maybe because he can’t bring himself to stop.
Half of Castiel wants to tell Dean to keep his eyes on the road—seriously, it’s unnerving how comfortable the man is driving while looking mostly at him—but another part of him is tongue-tied, staring back. “Maybe,” he finally says, and Dean quirks a half-smile, seemingly satisfied with that.
“Soon,” Castiel replies, pressing his thumb into the soft flesh of Dean’s chin and encouraging his mouth open again. He complies, of course, with tears in his eyes and a sob in his throat, and Castiel slides into his mouth, slightly more gentle this time. He doesn’t fuck Dean’s face like he promised or try to deepthroat him again, just rocks there for a few minutes, alternately reaching down to fix the vibrator and murmuring encouragement for Dean to swallow or use his tongue, which he does on command.
You have to understand—it’s one thing for you to visit the outskirts of Hell, especially with Rowena or Crowley there, looking out for you. It’s quite another to do the equivalent of—well, what it took a garrison of angels decades to accomplish nearly half a century ago.”
long time and without a coat. One of the guards radioed up to ask if they should bring you in since it was so cold.”
And Kassiel ran. He ran and hid as long as he could. But this was no mere titan, this was the almighty God, the father, the judge, jury, and executioner of the divine storyline. There was only so much time Kassiel could spend running, only so many hiding spots he could go where God could not find him. And so, in his short time, he wrote his manifesto.
Castiel’s body works just fine. His hands slip over tight, sculpted muscles down to Dean’s hips, pulling them flush together, pleased and still somewhat shocked that Dean’s aroused in his jeans, that he goes easily. That he
It’s just that Castiel’s been blind, willfully so in many cases—choosing to write Claire off as young and idealistic, naive or unaware of how the world really works. He’s inadvertently played into so many gross omega stereotypes when it comes to his niece that it truly disgusts him to think about. It would appear, in retrospect, that he may be the one who is actually naive and with a poor understanding of how the world “really works”.
“Shut up, Dean,” Castiel retorts, leaning down to kiss him. He goes out of his way to pin Dean’s right arm to the bed when he does, no use in spoiling the game just yet.
The ominous soundtrack to the scene is nothing but sirens and indistinguishable yelling, the barking of police dogs, the clanging of metal, and all of it coming closer by the second.
“I didn’t mean—” Castiel shakes his head and sighs, before giving Dean what he hopes is a reassuring smile. “I’m
The mall was strategically the best option for his current state. There were multiple shops that catered to the needs of those who weren't slim, and he could get in and get out quicker than he could in a Wal-Mart superstore—where they have thirty thousand registers and only three people to run them at any given time. So, he bucked up and folded away his disdain for the trip, and he went.
Internally, he chastizes his runaway brain for taking off on him again, refocusing swiftly on the problem at hand. Dean’s cell has a light switch, so Castiel flips it to turn on the overhead lamp. It flickers to life and Dean growls, yanking the edge of the blanket more fully over his head.
Hours later, Dean found himself sweaty, dirty and starving, but the camp had an actual working bathroom inside the garage that boasted both a functioning toilet
and it pissed Dean off. Maybe he would’ve even said something, if Alastair hadn’t picked that exact moment to crack his knuckles with the opposite hand.
He squeezed his fist around the Santa suit he’d dragged out of the house with him. He had a point to prove, damn it, and he was gonna make sure it was understood
“Whoa,” Dean says, tossing both hands into the air in mock-surrender, despite the fact that he has no intention of backing down. He stands slowly, moving his chair aside with his knee, peripherally aware that Crowley’s goons
“Crowley,” Castiel says, just to test it. Dean’s eye twitches, and Castiel makes a note on his pad. It’s the first useful thing he’s written all session.
It’s just that over the past few months, with all of the changes and the nonprofit demanding his time, Castiel hasn’t had nearly as much available for his lessons. Guiltily, he’d also have to admit that he’s been prioritizing Dean’s company over most other activities as well. In short, he’s cancelled on Liz more times than he’s seen her. Thankfully, he’s finding a routine and things are getting easier now.
Cas’ hand is perfect, undamaged, save for a few scrapes around the knuckles. His sapphire-inlaid wedding ring sits innocuously where Dean slid it on way back when, and Dean’s fingers go to it immediately. He swallows hard before forcing himself to focus on Cas’ face.
“Good plan,” Balthazar said, rolling his eyes. “I still don’t get why you made your ‘horn’ a kazoo.”
Dean isn’t far behind, Castiel’s permission unlocking some kind of floodgates he was barely holding shut, and his hips jerk up while his hands pull down. Even through the fog of his own afterglow, Castiel
“You’ll just have to stick close, now won’t ya?” Donna’s grin was smug and Dean narrowed his eyes as Jody chuckled and neither Sam nor Cas rushed to come to his defense.
Dean’s producer, Rachel, assures him that won’t be an issue. She’s cute, but not really Dean’s type—perpetually on the move and sporting a dry sense of humor that reads to him as insincere. She rambles on without waiting for any response from Dean about how the first season’s contestants worried about the same things, and how they all ended up forgetting the cameras and crew were even there at all.
The last light changes and sound cues go off without him needing to call the shots, just like he knew they would.
goes with it—on the contrary, if Castiel has to keep riding his motorcycle in these arctic temperatures, he’s fairly certain he’ll be fingerless by March—but Naomi insists that the ice and snow are a done deal by January’s end. That the rest of the “cold season” is essentially a walk in the (freezing) park.
“Two,” he declares, holding out a hand to stop Aaron, who’s close behind him, from slamming into his back.
“This room is so stupid,” Dean mutters, as Castiel shoves open the heavy door. It doesn’t swing wide normally, instead, it pivots in the middle on a hinge, smacking them both in the face with a huge blast of cold air. “Doesn’t know if it wants to be a hotel suite or fuckin’ summer camp.”
As a looming shape emerged suddenly out of the murky darkness, Dean gritted his teeth and spun the wheel to the left as hard as he could, banking the sleigh until it was almost sideways in the air. Even still, they only narrowly avoided clipping one of the points on the star-shaped spire of the Guardian Building. If Dean had reached his hand out, he thought he probably could have brushed the tips of his fingers against the brick.
When he drags his attention back to the little family, Bobby has seemingly let Dean off the hook, and Castiel isn’t sure that he wants to know what Ellen said. Best not to look a gift horse in the mouth.
After taking a moment to press his ear to the door and listen as intently as he can (nothing), Dean flips the lights in the staff kitchen off, opens the door a crack, and peeks through.
Of course, how poetic that he’d finally fall entirely from grace flat on his face in a dirty alleyway. He was starting to feel like he belonged face first on the ground, always on the precipice of being eaten alive by the human condition—
and all the things Cas had said about Bobby’s soul… Plus, they did have a pretty damn good time. Right up until the brutal murder, anyway.
were supposed to be all stirred up and mixed together with a heavy dose of loneliness just hurt Dean too much to bear. That, and the fact that he was perpetually lacking any other humans to talk to, made Dean start to slip.
“Come,” Castiel says, somewhat reluctantly. “We should get you settled into your room.” Unless he’s imagining it (and projecting his own feelings at the thought of separating), Dean’s face falls a little. Even still, he’s quick to take Castiel’s outstretched hand and let himself be led back to the car.
Thank you so much for reading this chapter! If you're enjoying the story, drop me a comment and let me know what your favourite bit was! We adore feedback from y'all, and love to know that this cracky, silly little ficlet is making your heart wiggle.
It’s been three months since they arrived, and in Castiel’s opinion, that meets the arbitrary standard he’s just made up for coping by moping without risk of extreme intervention.
"Remember, over your head," Sam chided gently, turning around and jogging back to Dean. "And that's fine. You made progress today."
Dean had known, as soon as Castiel had penned the letter, exactly what it said. He hadn’t needed to deliver it, technically. But at the time, he’d ignored it: in the midst of a holiday-themed breakdown wasn’t the best time to consider how he was going to respond.
“They turned on fans out there,” Rachel says, patting his shoulder comfortingly and then making a face when her hand comes away sweaty. “They’ll read like wind on camera. And there’s alcohol.
“Dear God,” Benny hollers, when the fruits of Dean’s labor finally reach him. “Winchester, what the fuck? Smells like something crawled up your ass and died! Boys, might wanna close your doors before Dean decides to gas you, too!”
Dean sniffles somewhat pitifully as the sound of lube snapping open can be heard behind him, Castiel’s fingers finding his entrance easily. The cool slide, the relief of penetration has Dean gasping right out of the gate, fisting hands in the sheets and squeezing his eyes closed against the onslaught of sensation. Quiet, methodical, and efficient, Castiel opens him up without fanfare or pretense, scissoring fingers until they move comfortably in and out in a not-quite-enough glide. Dean’s glad he’s not in charge right now, that Cas isn’t asking him his opinion about this, if he’s ready or needs more prep. It’s all out of his hands and Dean’s
And if Dean thought that the platonic cuddling and snuggling was good for his touch-starved, desperate-for-connection body, this is next-fucking-level. The heat of Cas’ palms skating over his skin feels like actual tracts of fire. The hard line of Cas’ body urged tight against his is pure, sweet relief that Dean will never,
rainbow paint job on his Model S with some kind of giant decal. The thing is gorgeous; it fades light pink to dark pink to sunset orange on the left, wrapping around the rear and turning purple in the process, then blending into dark and light blue, and green to yellow across the hood. If he wasn’t out and proud already, the car would have definitely taken care of that for him.
his shower but he was already sporting a healthy five o'clock shadow that usually took at least a full day to form, if not more. He leaned forward to look at it closer, squinting at the mirror, only to jerk back as the door banged open.
“Sam!” Dean calls out fearfully, immediately regretting showing his emotional cards to whoever’s trying to invade their home, but his ingrained need to protect his brother isn’t something he can just override, not like this. It all happens so quickly and Dean’s heart is beating a mile a minute, but while Sam winces as he uses the rail to straighten back up, he waves Dean off, signaling that he’s fine. “What the fu—”
for a minute. He and Cas are just starting out down the alleyway, nearly arm-in-arm and grinning stupidly at each other for no reason at all when it happens.
“You can hear her too?” Castiel asks, glancing around. “Can you all hear her? Rowena, where are you?”
Sam’s hand began to sweat around his weapon. He looked back at Rowena, who watched what was happening to Gabriel with wide eyes shimmering in fear.
Good news was that it didn’t hurt so bad now that he wasn’t being jostled around like a fleshy rag-doll. He slouched back against the wall his cot was pushed up against. “I feel vaguely ill,” he commented, licking at his lips incessantly, saliva gathering in his mouth. “Perhaps I should sleep.”
Biting back a smile, Castiel changes the subject. “Do you have any plans for tonight? Somewhere warm to sleep? The crew is down at the pub by my apartment, and we have plenty of couch space. It’s Christmas,” he adds, knowing that won’t do anything to budge Jordan’s pride.
“Not at you,” Dean replies quickly, growling a little to himself and rubbing a hand over his face. “It’s just—fuck.” He plants his hands on his hips, drops his head, and shakes it. “Yes, I am angry. Cas, nothing about our lives is real. Everything that we've done, everything that we are is because of this—this
“Good boy,” Cas tells him, before picking up his razor from the little built-in shelf and holding it out for Dean to take. “We will return to that momentarily. First, you’re going to take care of some maintenance for me. Looking smug, Castiel props his foot up on the same shelf and raises an eyebrow as he looks down at Dean, motioning with a wide circle to his pelvic area. It takes Dean a minute, water from the shower still streaming down over his face, to figure out what he’s being asked to do, but when he does, he’s eager. “I know you enjoy a clean workspace,” Castiel quips with a twinkle in his eye, presumably by way of explanation.
a lot for him, too, considering what’s at stake. He takes a brief moment to suck in a ragged breath and then lets it out before removing his hands and stepping to the side. Once free, Castiel’s eyes find him immediately, and he nods in what he hopes is an encouraging manner. At the very least, Castiel smiles back.
it seems. By the fourth session, Dean begins to suspect that’s Cas’ and Mia’s goal—take all the excitement, the surprise and uncertainty out of it, so there’s nothing left to traumatize him. Reduce his orgasms to a glorified
“You know why you’re here,” Cain finally says, prompting Dean to tear his eyes away from Cas’, nodding.
Losing his upper layers is not as much of a respite as it should be. Despite what Dean knows about the temperature in the room, the air still feels stifling hot and his skin still hurts the way it does when he stands too close to a pyre while lighting it. He understands now, more of what Sam was saying earlier—in just the time since Cas’ little confession, the discomfort in his belly and the heat pervading his whole body have gone from
The metal double doors to the yard are locked, but Dean only has to stand in front of them for a second before the guard sitting in the secure room off of the exit’s antechamber notices him. She picks up her radio and lets the brass outside know that he’s waiting and that she’s opening the doors. Dean waves half-heartedly, already hyper-focused on where he’s going and with no brain-space left for prison in his head.
“What the hell?” Dean asks, lifting his arms and letting them slap back down to his sides, plastic bag rustling obnoxiously. “Where were you?”
Grinning, Dean slips an arm around her shoulders for a quick hug before untying his half-apron and hanging it up next to the bar. He winks before running both hands through his hair to fix it. “Wish me luck. Hey—call me if you get swamped tomorrow night.”
Everything else forgotten, Cas is easy for Dean to get lost in. Cas is warm like summertime and his arms are strong and he doesn’t just smell like home to Dean—he
Dean’s foot must tap the pedal powering his tattoo pen because the noise ceases abruptly. “Wait, seriously?”
Time flies and he hardly notices. From his slumped-forward position, Castiel is quiet, solemn, letting Dean do what he needs to and not distracting him with small talk or flirting. Dean doesn’t know if that’s primarily for his benefit or if Castiel’s just slipped into that sort of melancholy mood, either way, he respects it and leaves him to his own thoughts.
“Just shut up and do the spell,” Dean grumbled, moving around the bed to stand by Sam at Cas’ bedside.
“And since Castiel is on board, your referrals are definitely going to go up,” Eileen adds. “I was playing it safe before, but you know that. Fifteen percent for double, maybe even triple the work is a good deal, Dean. So don’t be stupid.” She grins sunnily at him, before taking a sip from the glass of water in front of her. Belatedly, Dean realizes he has one too, and that there’s also a glass pitcher sitting in the middle of the table. Dean stares at it, watches the way the ice shifts around inside, still attempting to process.
“Nope,” Castiel replies, entirely satisfied with his ability to predict Dean’s behavior. He squeezes Dean’s fingers for emphasis, and Dean exhales, full of hope that this will actually work.
Castiel supposes that answer depends on Dean, a thought that quickly rips his gaze away from the water and back to the man himself. Dean’s in his usual spot on the couch (if slumped a bit more heavily into the cushions) and his face is just...
“No way.” Dean breathes, his eyelids heavy, and Castiel can see that he’s well on his way into subspace, despite the fact that he technically hasn’t made a decision yet. It raises his own confidence, knowing that he
In fact, the more time that passes, the harder it is for Dean to keep himself from screaming out loud to the entire boardwalk that he loves Cas, is
Dean and Cas sat in silence while Jody and Donna finished up. Dean watched as Cas pulled his eyes up from the manifesto to stare at the couple across the table. Dean followed his gaze to see the women smiling at each other, their eyes twinkling as their gazes met occasionally. Jody placed a chaste kiss to Donna’s shoulder when she was done gathering the first aid supplies. Donna grinned as Jody murmured, “All fixed, baby. Good as new.”
there, they weren’t shoved into the spaces by Sam. Their initials on the rear deck? Dean didn’t carve them. This
though, watching events unfold live from the CCTV room downstairs, ready to send in the calvary if (when) shit takes a turn for the worst.
Cas frowns. “I was never a demon,” he offers, rolling up his shirtsleeves and leaning back casually against the door. Dean’s still half in his lap, and Castiel’s in no hurry to shift their odds.
Over the next few hours, in between gas sales and refilling the coffee pots and roller grill items, Castiel and Dean...
No one has to tell them twice. Lana’s barely stopped talking before Cas is climbing into Dean’s lap, pressing their lips together hungrily. They make the most of their short reprieve, nipping at each other’s lips and sliding their tongues together. It’s a
Dean tapped at the table, gesturing to a curved and bloody razor. Its handle was wood and etched with a series of intricate sigils that probably meant all types of gruesome shit. While his soul tugged him towards it, Dean didn’t touch the blade. Cas was right; that thing contained nasty, horcrux-level magic.
Hurriedly, Castiel picks up his phone and fires off yet another message to Dean about exactly that, encouraging him to keep his bruises hidden and just hoping he’s in time to synchronize their stories. A quick glance at the time tells him that he’s probably too late, so all he can do is hope that Dean isn’t too pissed, that he didn’t inadvertently out them to Dean’s brother and one of Castiel’s own best friends.
Another dribble of precum leaks from his cock and this time, Dean’s tongue is darting out to taste, his mouth opening and neck straining to take Castiel in, and who is he to deny such a perfect, desperate request?
Throwing his blue tie over his shoulder, Cas didn’t even try to dispute. He was just breathing hard at the ground, giving his head a shake, damp hair wiggling at his forehead.
is the genesis of why it is so hard for medical professionals to keep their hands off and their mouths closed when their friends and family are the patients. It’s why doctors, nurses, therapists, and paramedics all make the
“Hey there, darlin’,” Dean murmurs, running a hand over the curves of his car’s trunk. Opening the driver’s side door, Dean slides behind the wheel, taking a brief moment to appreciate the smell of the interior and how
thoughts translate when Castiel actually sees Suzy—mostly naked and with her ass as high as heaven in her stiletto heels—straddling Dean where he sits in his chair next to Sam.
they’ve done since they’ve stepped outside it has been about sex. Service, perhaps. Submission, definitely, but not
“Oh man,” Dean says, shaking his head. “First you reject me, then you laugh at me. Damn, Cas, you really know how to stroke a guy’s ego.”
Everything else aside, the award for the most confusing and frustrating “newly human” situation Castiel has had to face thus far goes
One thing is for certain, and that’s now, more than ever, Dean can’t afford to let him down. Can’t let any of them down.
What he’s thinking must show on his face, because Dean smirks—he knows he looks good. Castiel would punish him for the insolence
“I’m okay, Sir,” he replies, not even having to look to know that Cas is making an epic expression of disbelief. Before he can protest, Dean amends, “I, uh, wanted to run some stuff by you. Later. After this torture session we have planned in—” Dean rolls over just far enough to grab his phone and squint at the screen. “—An hour. Ugh,” he groans, tossing his phone down onto the bed and twisting himself around Cas, burying his face back in Cas’ hair. “Permission to stay here and be tied to the bed and devastated for hours by my Dom instead, Sir?”
As he scoots down into the bed and finally pulls the blanket up over his shoulders, Dean grumbles quietly to himself. It’s frustrating, to have these emotions swirling around inside of him. He’s annoyed that he’s feeling this way, annoyed that he needs Castiel and can’t have him, annoyed that Castiel would apparently rather be anywhere than at his side tonight. Dean closes his eyes and takes a few slow, calming breaths. The irritation, the prickly attitude, none of it passes or starts to go away. Ultimately, Dean is still with it enough to recognize what’s up, but that doesn’t mean he’s about to ruin Cas’ night over it.
When they finally make it through the tour, Castiel explains about his hidden garage, that the valet who took Dean’s car parked it down there and left him his own remote to open it.
“It’s Limbo,” Castiel says patiently. “As I said, not all torture is created equal, not all souls break on the traditional rack. You were in the Cage, Dean was in the Pit—it’s natural that witnessing the outer levels would feel somewhat...unfair. Believe me, though, even Limbo is not nearly as innocent as it appears.”
“Hey,” he says, appearing like magic at Castiel’s side, the light touch of his fingers on Castiel’s elbow reassuring and humiliating at the same time.
Dean shifts, tucking an arm behind his head, between his hair and a decorative pillow that may not survive this encounter. As absorbed as he is in his task, Castiel still notices, smoothing oiled hands up Dean’s thigh as he leans over to press a soft kiss to Dean’s lips.
Ultimately, whatever happens once the cameras start rolling, he’s coming out of this in better financial shape than he went in.
When Dean comes, it takes him by surprise. Cas is still hitting his prostate pretty good when his fist closes tight and wet with his own spit around Dean’s cock without so much as a warning. Dean’s back arches, muscles clenching to keep Cas close, and it only takes a few tugs before he’s spilling hot and wet all over Cas’ hand and his own belly.
Barely taking the time to pull sneakers and his jacket on first, Castiel’s out the door and running. It’s pretty damn cold near the water at this time of night, and the wind has picked up even more since their impromptu picnic on the beach. All the same, Castiel ignores the biting sting on his face and hands.
The fact is, saving a life sometimes means carrying out a brutal procedure (or two) first. Sliding a tube between a set of vocal cords, drilling a needle into bone to start an access line, pressing a syringe into the negative space of a person’s chest to relieve mounting pressure, or setting a bone. All brutal, even in their necessity.
“You’re gonna stay with me, right, angel? Not gonna fuck off back to Heaven now you have your wings?” Dean’s voice is gruff and low but unmistakably vulnerable. Castiel knows exactly what it took for him to ask such a question and he doesn't mess around in his reply.
back when the world was simple and thriving, full of life and color and billions of people to interact with, Dean never had a problem making new friends. He never gave a second thought to hitting on both men and women without the slightest trace of hesitation. That’s how he landed Lisa, one of the most attractive (
Dean doesn’t waste time, taking full advantage of Crowley’s lack of action by yanking Alfie with him out into the common living space. At least there’s room to throw a punch out here. Lacking explicit orders to the contrary, Dumb, Dumb, Dumber and Dumbest just stare at him wide-eyed as he goes, proving Dean’s theory about the singular brain cell.
If you recognize the little bit from the recently-released blooper where Misha pokes fun at Jensen for making a mess, you can blame
Cas. You, lookin’ all sleepy and grumpy with that next-level bedhead? Dude, seriously? The world’s foremost espionage expert
Or maybe that’s the alcohol talking. Either way, Dean sort of forgets to be nervous, forgets to remember that he’s being filmed, that his actions might end up being watched by millions of people. He’s just Dean, having a good time, thinking about ways to hit on a hot guy he can’t take his eyes off of.
Both of them move as quickly as possible, ripping off outer layers until they’re likewise down to t-shirts, then huddling together while wrapping the blankets around them and their still-warm coats as an insulating underlayer beneath that. When it’s all said and done, Dean is basically in Castiel’s lap, their arms are around each other’s torsos, and the blankets are folded up and nearly over their heads in an attempt to keep the heat in, like a burrito.
scorching enough to wash it all away. That’s another benefit of the Bay—hot water is plentiful, and it doesn’t run out. Not even with everyone taking morning showers or repeat industrial loads of laundry being done around the clock. Hell, Dean’s lived in apartments with shittier plumbing than that.
Sam's eyes roved over the items in the glass cabinet. Burial urns, canopic jars, bright beads of gold and lapis lazuli…but nothing belonging to the tomb of Antony and Cleopatra.
“Claire,” Castiel admonishes, without heat. Picking at her lasagna again, Claire just shrugs. Profanity aside, the wheels are turning in Castiel’s head now. “I apologize,” he says. “I’m still learning.”
Dean whipped the pillow away from his face, looking up at him incredulously. “Not helping.” He pushed his finger into Castiel’s chest and narrowed his eyes. “And I swear to God, if you finish that comparison, I will live to make you regret it.”
“I think I have some idea,” Castiel replies, punctuating his words with a reassuring squeeze of Dean’s hand. He leans in for a kiss, but they’re interrupted by Fatback bumping into Cas’ calf, presumably irritated that they’ve stopped after just getting started walking again. Cas grunts as his knee goes out under the pressure and he wobbles before regaining his balance.
now, perhaps, since Dean is driving him up the proverbial fucking wall, and he’d sooner knock him out cold just to shut him up than pee on him if he was on fire.
Cas deserves to hear that newly-found resolve too, after all he’s done, and that’s why Dean says it. Absolutely no other reason, like maybe wanting Cas to be proud of him, to be deserving of Cas’ care and affection. He can fucking dream, but even though Cas is miles out of his league, Dean’s going to do whatever it takes to be worthy of the guy’s presence. He’s still got no friggin’ clue why Cas is so invested, why he’s willing to put his own ass on the line for a bunch of convicts, but—once again, here we are with that gift horse and his mouth, or what-the-fuck-ever.
On the other hand, most of Dean’s hunts don’t take more than five days, so Castiel has usually heard
Exhaling through his nose, Dean stared at the globe, his eyes surveying the buildings, and paying close attention to the pathways through the snow, curling through the center square, around the large flashing tree in the middle with the twinkling lights and glowing star on its point. He stared at the trees and watched the candy cane chimneys swirl atop each roof…
“This is perfect,” he says. “For me to reel you in.” Twisting his hand into the necklace’s length, he beckons Castiel closer. Right there, in the middle of the store, Castiel goes. He
A tear dribbled over the bridge of his nose, falling with a small thump against the fabric under his head. Dean was watching it with his own red-rimmed eyes and Castiel wondered why he was crying. Dean didn’t have any idea that they’d been in love since the beginning of time. He had no idea.
“Fatback would like me to tell you that it was him who led the vampires away from the cave that first night.”
There’s no pain in his bite but Castiel touches it anyway, wanting tangible proof that it’s real. Dean’s eyes follow the movement, crinkling at the corners as Castiel holds himself up on one elbow so that he can get a hand free. His fingers come away dry—the bleeding having already stopped—and when he looks down, he can see that Dean’s bite is the same.
Kenya hauled off and punched him in the stomach with quick reflexes that, under different circumstances, Dean would appreciate. As it was, he was wheezing and curling in on himself as Sam made a choking sound behind him and Castiel groaned like he was genuinely embarrassed. Before Dean could even catch his breath, a strong hand was wrapping around his arm and jerking him to full height. The mall cop had reached them and was scowling, holding up a pair of handcuffs pointedly.
I'm SUPER proud of this one and I hope you guys like it too. I'm here to redeem the show's ending but also the bro bond, because fuck what the finale did to that, too.
No one has a bad word to say about it, anyhow. Maybe things like hate and bigotry get filtered out in Heaven, or maybe Dean worried too much all along. Either way, everyone is too happy to see Dean to focus much on anything else. They’re too eager to hear about his adventures, to ask after Sam, to get the story of God’s defeat straight from the source. Cas’ presence, if anything, is treated as a bonus.
As the Bunker’s front door slams shut behind him, echoing throughout the cavernous space, Castiel hops down the iron stairs with a spring in his step. With any luck, Dean will be back from his trip by now and Castiel will get to at least check-in with him before tomorrow. If he’s being honest, though, he’s hoping for more. With his nerves on edge, he could do with some unwinding, some
“I’m going to fly,” Castiel says decisively. “It makes no sense to waste nearly a full day when I could be there in half the time.”
Vaguely, Dean’s aware of some cheering and applause and Castiel talking, but he pays none of it any mind, slumping down over the spanking bench in exhaustion. He thinks that must be a good sign, though—people must have enjoyed his and Cas’ display,
Not that the last part of that was a lie, but his bangin’ metabolism, along with hunting and life on the road had always been enough to keep the extra pounds a diet made up mostly of burgers, fries, and high fructose corn syrup should have stacked on long ago. “Good genes,” was always Dean’s excuse. Now he couldn't even get
“I’ll remember that for bribery reasons later. Um, Dean?” Castiel suddenly takes notice of the fact that they’re not pulling into a spot and instead driving around to the rear of the building. Behind the store is a totally deserted alley—not even a loading dock, must be on the other side—bordered by a dense woodline. Dean pulls up in between a dual set of dumpsters and kills the engine. “What are we doing?”
Quietly, Castiel closes the door behind him, leaving it shut but unlatched, just in case. He flips on the lights and glances around. The room is enormous. It’s three times as long as it is wide and includes rows upon rows of filing cabinets in the back half. Those cabinets contain both prisoner and staff files alike, anything that has to be kept for HR and regulation reasons, or that Naomi simply finds interesting.
“I’m not sure that it means anything,” he says thoughtfully. “Then again, it could mean everything. So difficult to say. Mara does have god-level powers.”
And while Dean is happy to play Army General (or more accurately these days, Mall Security, Plus Weapons), short of finding out that New Wash’s mayor is Lucifer in a tux rental, Dean (and his weaponized charm plus effortless popularity and lethal legion of followers) is no danger to them. On the flip side, the bragging rights and the intimidation factor of having
and that no gun was involved. But while Castiel may not be a lawyer, his extensive experience with the flawed justice system has taught him that first and foremost, you
“Later,” Jack tells him, before raising one hand and addressing the crowd. Voice echoing off of the walls (that aren’t really walls), he announces, “If everyone who would like to leave would turn their attention to me?”
“It’s unsettling,” she admitted softly. “And you’ve being doing this since before the fall. You allowed yourself indulgence in human things; emotions, choices, freedom. How have you been doing it for so long in the face of several potential apocalypses and not gone entirely insane?”
Mara here. Gods, even. So do we trust her judgement on this supposed source, or make a list ourselves of what else it
If his hands weren’t tied and bound to his chest, Dean would reach out and cup Castiel’s cheek. If his physical wants and needs weren’t equally tied without any rope at all, he’d lean forward and kiss him. As it is, all he can do is stare into Cas’ eyes and let him stare back. It trips Dean up, this kind of intimacy with no expectation, but at the same time, he’s started to get used to it—maybe even crave it. It’s easily as powerful as any off-limits moment they’ve shared, and secretly, Dean is
The house’s exterior was quite appealing, though, if small. Wooden shingle siding colored a cheery yellow, and it was constructed in the Arts and Crafts style that Castiel was entirely fond of seeing around town. The front even featured a delightful porch space with exposed beams and lovely stonework details. Further, the house’s second floor boasted a dormer with a triple window, likely looking out from a loft or single bedroom, and the side addition’s stone facade matched the trimmings on the porch columns perfectly.
is the only word that comes to Dean’s mind. The patch of grass their platform is on sits directly under a large palm frond waving overhead. There’s a soft breeze, the day is warm but not excruciatingly hot, and the ocean can be heard crashing in the background. And yet, all of that pales in comparison, loses its lustre and shine, fades easily into the background when competing for attention with the man that’s standing in front of Dean.
Dean has that follows him creepily around town, just waiting to flip on the lights and sirens and ruin his day. Hell, the cops even seem
Jody snorts. “I see you haven’t wasted any time slipping into that second-in-command position,” she says. “Let me guess, you saved his sorry ass so you wouldn’t have to actually
Castiel swears, coming hard down Dean’s throat and curling his body around him, feeling the way Dean’s back muscles tighten up at nearly the same time.
“Hope you’re ready to hold on tight,” Cas said with a wink, opening the door and ushering Dean outside before he could so much as react to
Rolling her eyes, Anna turns on her heel, hand pressed firmly into the small of her back as she waddles away. Castiel vows to take a video of that sometime, to use for blackmail later. “You’re so dramatic, Castiel. If he’s good to look at, decent to talk to, and you like macking on him—” She turns to glance over her shoulder. “—And don’t lie, I saw that part, our balcony is right across from yours—you’ll figure the rest out.”
“We’re...on the trail of some artifacts that we think could help with ending this...this zombie apocalypse or whatever.”
Feeling overwhelmed with love and appreciation for Dean, Castiel touches his fingers to his lips and mimes blowing him a small kiss. In response, Dean looks as if his smile might break his face in half.
“That is one polluted stream of thought,” Castiel remarked as Dean threw up his hands. “Fine,” he adds quietly. “I’m rich.”
Thankfully, as soon as the garter is off and Cas is standing up, twirling the thing around on his finger in smug success, the DJ switches gears and throws some dance music back on. As everyone crowds back onto the dance floor, Dean takes his chair and lets Castiel escort him off the makeshift stage, holding it strategically over his crotch while he silently wills his dick to deflate.
you, Chuck. So why don’t you just move along, go back to whatever second-chance, fix-it timeline you created and play with your new toys there, because we aren’t interested in your
“Castiel,” Dean reads aloud, rolling the name around in his mouth. “Weird.” He tries not to think about how well it suits the guy, focusing instead on how he can use the vibe that’s flowing between them to get out of doing any real self-work. Hell, maybe he still has a shot of seducing
Looking surprised, Dean glances around. “That’s it? No… restraints? No hot wax? No ball gags or dildos? Damn Sir, you go all vanilla on me while I was out of commission? Should I be worried?”
The building itself is definitively out of place in Incline Village, looking like it belongs somewhere along Castiel’s travels through roadside Americana, instead. Indeed, the classic-roadhouse style, neon beer signs in the windows, dilapidated front porch, and clapboard siding are all things the residents of Castiel’s town would normally riot over, elitists that they are. The Roadhouse seems to have afforded itself a pass, though, simply by outlasting all of the competition and half of the people who’ve lived here over the years to begin with.
He closes his eyes and envisions the prison below; imagines walking down the hallways and through the secured doors, away from the admin offices and beyond the visitation center. All the way through to the out-processing alcove, memorizing each twist and turn as he goes. When Dean opens his eyes again—adjusted as far as they’re likely to go in the dark—he’s ready.
Did ya like it? Do you desperately want to make Dean and Cas kiss? Because dang, I do. Come on guys, sort it out!
Castiel lifted his head from where it had been resting in one of his hands, braced above a hefty tome labeled
Everyone “Ooh”s and “Ahh”s, thanking and congratulating Dean in equal measure, while Dean blushes and pretends to fiddle with arranging the cords
He grumbles as he makes his way over the last few strips of concrete, up the wooden steps to the boardwalk and then down again onto the sand, but there’s no heat behind it. Sam’s leaving for school today, and Cas thought it would be nice if they took a walk down to the beach and had a little toast to send him off. Naturally, Cas also forgot to bring any supplies, and they were most of the way there before anyone realized it.
Either way, the deed is done. Sam and Eileen are both standing there looking twice as impressive as usual—if a little wobbly in their new, top-heavy equilibrium. Behind their human faces swirl two very different true forms—and Castiel wonders if everyone can see the streak of demonic corruption still winding through Sam’s.
Dean felt the evil of the blade immediately leave him and he, for the first time in forever, felt okay. He felt warm and he felt like home. He
A break in the rote routine, and Tessa is both nice and nice to look at. Dean can focus on those things, anyway. Appreciate them for what they are. That’s the good, here, ‘cause there definitely isn’t anything else.
Sam nearly ran into Rowena when they reached the bottom of the stairs, and the scowling girl opened another white door to reveal a cool, slightly musty corridor. Was this whole area under the museum full of passages and corridors? Emergency lights shone even down here, and Sam wondered if they had a stash of batteries to keep them all running without power.
He’s so wrapped up in his head that when their little trio of ill-fitting suits rounds the corner from the admin hallway to H2, Dean isn’t remotely paying attention to his surroundings. Which is why, when they step up to the bars and his living space is fucking
Dean thinks. This has all the warning signs of an impending “gotcha” moment—Dean just hopes it’s not for him. He sips from the alcoholic beverage that was placed in his hand by Cas moments earlier, and tries not to worry. After all, he’s been on his best behavior the past day or so, he’s really trying. At the very least, he knows he’s not standing here waiting to be outed for some naughty secret. For once, he didn’t do anything.
He should probably feel shittier, what with the way the whole thing went down. Should probably be more worried about whatever it is Cas is doing with the information
Castiel’s stomach turned to lead and sunk down somewhere between his feet. “Dean, I—I was going to tell you—” he began, but he stopped as Dean raised his hand.
Sam chews on his lip, nodding while looking at the floor, drawing some kind of pattern with his foot in the dirty cement. “Okay,” he says finally. “You know, I’m not much for the threats and violence, that’s always been more Dean’s M.O. when he wants something. On the other hand, it’s my duty as Dean’s only remaining family to tell you that if you’re lying, I’ll be legally obligated to mess you up.”
Dean’s lips trail to his neck, sucking a soft kiss there while Castiel moans, wanting more than anything to tug him through the doorway and hope that Bobby gets the message when he doesn’t return. He can’t, though, and while it destroys him, Castiel summons the wherewithal to push Dean away gently. He goes with the
“Cheap bastard,” Castiel mumbles under his breath. His teeth chatter no matter how tightly he pulls the worn, ratty coat he’s wearing across his chest, and he’s sure that his lips are at least slightly blue, even with his face tucked down into his scarf. Feet nearly completely numb (why wouldn’t they be), Cas trips hurriedly through the depths of South Boston towards the tiny loft apartment he shares with his roommate, Gabriel.
so a billion people were around—walking, talking, maybe even checking out the class (and why wouldn’t they,
for her happiness, her level of contentment. In doing so, he’s also increased the day-to-day harmony in the Novak household. Castiel has never seen his daughter so bright, so cheerful and
thing where he lets on that he knows Crowley’s getting out and has been instructed to keep his bed warm until he does.
But Dean doesn’t let go. Instead, he yanks Castiel forward so that they’re pressed together, shoulder to thigh. “Now who’s the baby?” he asks smugly, dipping down to re-wet his hand and do the same thing all over again. The cold water drips onto the collar of Castiel’s t-shirt, and while it’s actually quite refreshing, he’ll never admit that to Dean.
“That would be terrible,” he says flatly. “Then we’d have to find something else to eat. Whatever would we do?”
were a man who’d figured out your worth. I’ll tell you, Dean, I’m hesitant to offer you this opportunity if you can’t even look me in the eye and tell me that you deserve it.”
It’s not that he’s ashamed of his body, or that he doesn’t want Dean to see—nothing of the sort. It’s just that Dean has plenty of painful reminders in his life, enough to struggle with and manage inside his own head. The last thing he needs during his off-time—his
“Out of the way,” Castiel and Dean answer together, without hesitation. Having people around again is a good thing, and if even half of them are remotely as cool as Jody then Dean knows they have a shot at being happy here. All the same, Dean’s been alone for a long time, and he’s self-aware enough to know that he still needs his space. Apparently, Castiel knows it too.
“I never said that,” Castiel corrects quickly, relieved that he’s finally been given the opportunity to do so. “Real comfort. The kind where you don’t go scrounging around for your jeans and the flashlight so you can walk back to your own cabin after. Where we—”
Taking a breath, Dean knew what he needed to say, knew what Castiel would be wondering, worrying about.
expected to see walk through the doors of the Bunker does exactly that. Stopping dead in the middle of the stairs, at first, all Dean can do is blink like an idiot. Somewhere in his head, he thinks he
The hand in his had always felt familiar. Cas, beside him, for ten years, had always felt familiar. There’d been a reason he trusted him even through hard times, through times when maybe Cas hadn’t earned that trust. And there’d been a reason that Cas had stayed by
“Damn, boy,” Bobby says with a whistle, stepping forward to peer down at where Christian is still out for the count. “Someone should probably check on him. Or call a bus.” He stares for another second before turning on his heel and taking Ellen’s arm. “Well, we’ll see you all in the morning. Sam, I expect you’ll need someone to fill a space at the altar—I’d be honored to stand up for you, boy.”
“No,” Cas says decisively. “I saw you scarf three pieces of pizza not two hours ago, you’re not hungry.”
And then he saw it, her fingertips glowing, her eyes flaring up, the wound pooling silver-y light. She pressed her hand down to her gushing wound, using grace to heal herself.
all types, but especially change. Copper as a defining note, which, weird. It reminds Dean of blood. He wrinkles his nose.
That’s the only thing that comes to Dean’s mind. Not enough nights curled together and days spent drowning in the sun. Not enough sweet kisses and fierce embraces, domestic dinners and playful shared showers. Not enough love or sex or laughter or tears. Not enough
better places to do this than the seat of a toilet in the men’s sleeping quarters of a firehouse, that’s what they have to work with. So he goes, because
“Our lease is up soon,” he mumbled. “Dean can afford the place with his income alone but I figured if he wasn’t cool with me leaving, I’d just continue paying my share until he found somewhere new. I can’t spring that on him
All Castiel can do is fall back on his soldier training: keep a clear mind and handle one problem at a time. First, it’s warmth. If he doesn’t help Dean preserve the body heat he has left, he won’t make it to the next step, literally.
Claire was suddenly in front of him, pushing him, even going so far as to wrap her arms around him and pull him back.
"Yes, hello, Sam," Dean grumbled with a narrowing of his eyes. He turned back to the elf. "What now? Christmas is two fucking days away."
—to tuck himself into Cas’ side and wrap arms around his middle than to say, “Don’t worry, baby, I’m not about to run screaming from the room and possibly dissociate into next Tuesday.”
joints pop. It’s mild today—for Utah in December, but especially for Castiel, who’s become quite used to the horrifically cold Chicago winters.
I love y'all, have a lovely day. Join us tomorrow (or, like, technically today, shhhhh) for Ping's chapter!
Sam didn’t know what to do. And he hated it. He paced, until he was firmly told to get out of the way. So he went and stood off to the side, taking calming breaths.
“Considering?” Dean echoes, tipping his head to peer down the scant few inches into Castiel’s very-blue eyes.
He trails off as Dean takes a deep breath, inhaling Cas’ watermelon shampoo and the spicy scent of his skin, the smell of those expensive scent-boosters he loves using to wash his clothes.
a path forward, a way to potentially release Dean from this situation he’s found himself stuck in. The only obvious problem is that Castiel can’t admit to knowing any of it—at least not yet—lest he lose Dean’s trust from the jump.
Dreams are funny, nonlinear things, more often than not rather less than clear in their meanings. All the same, Castiel has no trouble receiving the message: any reservations his waking mind might harbor about this situation are one hundred percent
found the perfect shirt to wear, too—a light blue button-down that Anna was saving for a Christmas present but gave to him early for this exact purpose. He has it on
while Castiel’s fingers threatened to leave him for warmer climates hasn’t left him in the best mood, that’s for sure.
As Sam’s breathing evens out and he shifts from panicked anger to sobbing, Dean looks up and makes eye contact with Castiel. Reaching into his pocket, he tosses him a set of keys. “Grab my wallet, boots?” he asks, nodding towards their building. “Right by the door.”
“You know what,” Dean says casually. “I’m still kinda full from breakfast. But hey, you enjoyed yours so much, have mine. I
for him and Castiel hits him in the chest like a sack of bricks. He’d turn around to look Cas in the eye, to try and memorize all the lines of his face, the vibrant blue of his eyes, but he knows if he does that, he won’t be able to hold on.
No, Dean is pretty sure that if Alastair had his way, he’d peel Dean’s skin from his body inch by inch. Relishing, swallowing
like sulphur and burning tires. Dean’s hand darts out to grab his arm, steadying him against the blast.
“Humans aren’t meant to live in isolation,” Jody says, a note of sadness in her voice. “Forced into fight-or-flight mode for endless, desperate periods of time, just so we could make it through another day. And for what? The kind of living most of us were doing before this place? Well, you’d be hard-pressed to describe it as anything worthwhile. Certainly not lives we’d choose.” Dean wholeheartedly agrees with her there, and he tightens his hold on Castiel’s hand in response. Unsurprisingly, Castiel squeezes back and Dean knows he remembers that miserable existence all too well.
“Hit me again, Cee,” Dean says, popping a toothpick in between his teeth and rolling it around. Cesar narrows his eyes but slides one across the table for Dean to pick up. It’s pretty hard not to betray the resulting emotion he feels all over his face, but Dean’s a pro. Carefully neutral, he slips the card in-between two of his others before looking towards Benny, his partner-in-crime.
In the end, Castiel is reasonably certain Sam was glad to be let off the hook, no matter what he claimed. Both regarding being Dean’s primary caretaker, and of breaking the news about moving with no safety net in place. Instead, while Sam and Jess were calculatedly unreachable on their flight to Aruba, Castiel approached Dean first with a request of his own. One that he was
“Yeah, no, I—I know that, Cas. But the thing is, I know some other stuff about it, too. Back—before, before you ever came here—I used to think I was gonna be all on my own, when my trial rolled around. My grand plan was to fire that asshole Roman in court and to try and defend myself. I’d uh, hole up in the library and read all the shit they had on law stuff that applied to my case. Sorta became clear pretty quick that I was fucked as far as the original case went, but…”
Also, there was that whole, punching the idiot in the face thing—yeah, if anyone asked, that would be Dean’s excuse for taking on the Empty, for sure.
She’s funny, and Dean thinks she’s pretty cool, so he doesn’t think twice about going out of his way to grab her a towel and help her wipe the worst of the mess away. It never even occurs to him that what he’s doing might be interpreted as flirting, by Lisa or anyone else, because he’s
Hidden just offstage in the heavy velvet curtains of the wings, Castiel bites his nails. The plastic piece of the headset that sits over his ear presses painfully into the sore that’s developed from wearing it so much. It hurts, but there’s not much Cas can do about that now. It’s more annoying than anything else, especially since he
The impact of the Ford F-150 that hit them would have been head-on, directly into the totaled car’s driver side door. Whoever was driving the truck would have had no time to react, no chance to brake or swerve. His mind supplies the sensory details as Castiel’s eyes fall closed: the sickening crunch of metal-on-metal, the screeching of rubber tires against cement, the
The first bit of luck they’d had in the whole fight—or perhaps, that they’d had all year—was the feeling of the door of the Impala bumping into Dean’s back. If he could just get into the driver’s seat…
Dean doesn’t call and he doesn’t use his key. Castiel works the next two nights, twelve hour shifts from six in the evening to six in the morning, and the reversal of his normal routine is jarring and frustrating. Those feelings are multiplied now, with his continuing worry about Dean and his own lack of an outlet to release them.
Castiel lifted his eyes, one side of his face still pressed down into the pillow. Quietly, in a whisper, Castiel repeated, “I used to be an archangel. Kassiel. One of the seven.”
For now, he’ll just have to be grateful for what he has, which is as new a start as his blood family is going to get. “Thank you both for being here,” he says softly, reaching out to put a hand on each of his brothers’. He’s never bothered to be vulnerable with either of them before, and Castiel thinks it’s past time that he starts taking that page from Dean. “It means… It means a lot to me to have you both here, to have your support. I—I’ve been guilty of focusing on the wrong things, in the past. The money, I know that’s a point of—of contention—”
In front of him, Cas’ cock is steadily filling out, heavy and thick. It’s slightly wider than Dean’s, maybe an inch shorter—perfect-sized, exactly what Dean likes. “Cas,” Dean murmurs, running a hand up Cas’ thick, muscular thigh. The
It surprises Dean exactly not at all when sleep doesn’t come easily. Maybe an hour after Cas leaves, he’s still wide awake on his gurney. Stuck tossing and turning, head pounding and kind of hot on the side of his face where some guard attempted to fuse his skin with the library carpet, it’s not the most settled he’s ever been at the Bay. The discomfort is annoying, but Dean really can’t complain. He could be, you know,
When Cas slides into the passenger’s seat less than fifteen minutes later, he looks all the worse for the wear. There are bags under his eyes (more than usual) and he really seems dead on his feet. There are pressure marks on his face from the protective gear, marks Dean has too, but Cas just radiates
He’s awkward, missing most of the pop culture references Dean makes, failing to laugh at the right moments or appropriately snark back when he should. He’s quick to busy himself with tasks around the store; straightening products, restocking, even counting the register—anything to keep his hands busy and his eyes from eating Dean alive.
Weakly, Dean blinks against the tears and stinging smoke in his eyes, reaches up and pinches his own cheek. The action hurts his wrist as much as it hurts his cheek, so he decides he’s alive.
” Dean adds, somewhat angrily, his fist curling tight against the counter. “I know you saw us the other night. Me and my brother.”
H2 is minutes from being locked down for the night when Castiel finally arrives outside the gate to the unit. That’s no issue for him—his badge is an access card that opens any and every door in the prison. Well, save for Naomi’s office. Presumably—not that he’s checked.
Feeling warm, Castiel coughs into his hand like he’s been caught and looks away, focusing on the passing cars instead of perving on his tow-truck driver like a desperate creep.
“Don’t,” Castiel whispered to her. A bead of sweat trickled down his face, sliding over his temple and cheek.
hunting any longer, and yes, getting used to falling back on his muscles and weapons instead of his grace took some time, but Castiel is a
At some point, they stopped talking, and Dean missed the background noise, so he reached out to flip on the radio. An instant mistake.
Without checking for Dean’s reaction, Castiel folds his arms against the nearest bookcase and waits, shivering a little from the draft floating in from outside, or perhaps it has nothing to do with the temperature at all. Dean’s hands find his shoulder blades and caress gently, rubbing the balm in circles over his irritated skin. Castiel’s healing charm is doing its part to mitigate the inflammation, but the treatment still feels wonderful. And when Dean’s fingers dig into the meat of his muscles slightly, pressing the day’s tension out in careful, long strokes, Castiel can’t help but sigh and drop his head.
“Relax, Sammy. It was forever ago. And I almost feel like it’s easier to forgive all the dumb shit we did—we both did, at times, and Cas too—now, thanks to Chuck. He’s been manipulating us our whole lives so… feels easier to let it go now, y’know?”
He looks out over the slowly-darkening scene, Fatback’s shadowy form now disappearing amongst the pepper plants Cas planted earlier in the summer. Cas is gonna be
“What’d you do to them?” Dean asked, shoving past Bernard, dropping the Santa suit in the snow and rushing right up to the glass, his hand pressed against it only for a moment before he yelped and yanked it back, his palm seizing against the biting arctic freeze that permeated the glass.
was the voice of God. Castiel had barely heard his brothers’ and sisters’ true voices in years, angel radio—Dean’s term, of course—had been much quieter since the Great Fall, for many reasons. But even if he’d been able to speak to his brethren at will, he’d had no wish to much of the time.
that,” Anna explodes, her voice loud enough to make the collective buzz in the other room dim for a moment. She glances in that direction, waiting for the noise level to return to normal before speaking again. “Did you even
“I adore it.” Castiel course-corrects quickly. “This was… unbelievably thoughtful, Dean, and just when I thought I couldn’t adore you more. Seeing you do this for me…” He shakes his head. “It just made me realize that I know exactly how I want to take my mind off of things. I know exactly what I want, and I don’t need to see the outcome of this tattoo for that to be perfectly clear.” He pauses, strokes a hand down the side of Dean’s jaw and Dean leans into it, eyes fluttering closed for a moment. “Dean,” Castiel says, a little breathlessly. “I’m so sorry if I stacked your worth against the outcome of your work. That wasn’t fair, and to be clear, it wasn’t something I was consciously attempting to do. I fear, however, my actions may have led us to the same effect, regardless of intent.”
do that first thing,” he agrees, and Castiel stifles a smile, still focused on the pages of his book but no longer actively reading. “C’mon, Cas,” Dean needles. “My limbs might be broken but my mouth ain’t.”
One of the officers presses a hand to Castiel’s chest as he reaches the hood of the car, directly across from where Dean is being restrained. “Yeah? Well, your
Thermometer adjusted from the eco-heating the owner keeps it on between renters to a more comfortable seventy-two, and some lights.
(Which led to Dean being unceremoniously scolded by Sam, for having to explain to Jack what a crack den was.)
Sam, for his part, was busy darting glances between everyone like he wasn’t sure whether to shove Dean and Cas together or step heroically in between them.
God, he missed them sometimes, missed them in the way someone misses a friend they hadn't thought about in years. He'd never go out of his way to search them out, but the nostalgia stung sweetly all the same. He hoped they were out there making a snowman of their own, feeling as happy and loved as he did right now.
ask Naomi for more than she’s already given. It’s one thing for Castiel to fling himself willingly and without regrets over the edge of Dean’s cliff, but Naomi doesn’t hold the same emotional stake in any way, shape, or form, nor is her temperament remotely suited to life on the run.
It’s opened to the page he took inspiration from; a stunning young brunette and blue-eyed starlet in nothing but pretty sapphire panties and a men’s long-sleeved dress shirt. White, just like Castiel’s, but unbuttoned a
In his own defense, Dean raises his open palms and takes one giant step backward, the cookie wrapper crinkling helplessly between two fingers.
“Now?” Dean wheezed, digging his heels into the cement floor, still struggling to walk backwards and pull himself out of Sam and Cas’ grasp.
else, Dean would think the guy was checking him out, but this is the dude who said no to the prison whore grinding all over him, so. Probably not.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice came from out of sight, around the corner of the closest camp building. He’d been silent and hollow as they had left the bunker. Castiel now realized that Dean had taken his reaction as a rejection—how could he have possibly taken it any other way? But the anger and embarrassment that Castiel expected were not what he heard. Instead, Dean sounded…excited?
“Dean,” Castiel warns, as the man reaches up to pry his fingers back one by one. Holding eye contact, Dean gives Castiel’s palm a tantalizing lick that goes all the way up his middle finger and worse, looks entirely pleased with himself doing it. He makes sure to swirl his tongue around the tip and to linger while sucking a little—all the while feigning the worst faux-innocent expression that history has ever recorded.
“As you wish,” Castiel says agreeably. “Is there anything else I can do for my leader, in the meantime?” He doesn’t mean for it to come out so provocative, or, well, perhaps he
This little planet, these little people, she considered as she wandered hidden through Camp Singer, were unimportant. In the prodigious balance they did not tip the scales.
From beneath the blanket, a tired, deadpan voice mumbles, “You gonna make me, Cas? Gonna have to get in line.”
“Good, do that,” Castiel snaps. “I need to go,” he tells Jody before hanging up abruptly. There’s one more avenue he has to pursue, and to do so, Castiel gets down on his knees. Not that it’s necessary for a prayer to be heard, but it is habit, so Castiel figures the gesture can’t hurt. He folds his hands into his lap.
“What a sight that would be,” Castiel replies, struggling and failing miserably at not picturing Dean as one of those machines that fires balls in cages for people to practice hitting. It’s incredibly unfortunate that this is a sensitive subject and he can’t share, undoubtedly Dean would get a kick out of that joke made at anyone else’s expense. Somehow, Castiel doesn’t think he’ll feel the same when the punchline is his own ass.
As soon as Dean finished speaking, there was a sudden change in the temperature, the pressure of the room, and there was a popping sound in their ears. The lights flickered and a tall figure appeared in the middle of the room, her arms crossed on her chest. “Sup?”
genuinely empathizes with all the shades of gray a person can hold. Cain, for instance, can simultaneously be someone who was unfairly imprisoned, who has both the potential
Claire was in the thick of it, like always. Her shots were accurate, her feet planted firmly. She was far from the kid she’d been when Sam first saw her. A grown woman, she was older in ways than some people twice her age, and as she obliterated zombie after zombie in the wave, it showed.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel tugs him down until they’re lying side by side, Cas’ fingertips skating up and down Dean’s bare ribcage. The room is warmer than usual—Cas must have turned down the A.C.—but the hair on Dean’s arms stands up anyway. “Promise you’ll talk to me,” Cas implores, wide-eyed and sincere, so once again, Dean swallows his snappy comeback and nods.
Dean’s skin is hot under Castiel’s palms, no less so with the thin layer of his shirt between them. As Dean presses as close as humanly possible, Castiel relishes every second. Despite the gravity of their talk only moments prior, Castiel’s all-in for this, his body speaking for him in a way that makes it
It occurs to Castiel that Dean is still wearing his clothes from earlier—no firefighting uniform, no radios or pagers in sight. “I thought you were...on duty or something tonight. Volunteer firefighter, yes?”
Castiel doesn’t exactly protest, though. That’s for two reasons, both equally valid. One: he doubts very much that Claire is listening at her door. They haven’t heard so much as a scuffle from the direction of her room this entire time, and Claire rarely initiates next-contact with him when she’s in trouble. If history is any precedent, she’s probably holed up under the covers, wearing those expensive headphones she begged Castiel to buy her last month. Probably messaging friends on her phone or her laptop, complaining about how mean her father is.
As briefly as possible, Castiel fills Cain in on the happenings of the last twenty-four hours or so, including the reason for his call. By the time he’s done, Cain’s gone dead-silent again and Castiel is sure that he can no longer feel any of his fingers or toes. He
“‘Course I was telling the truth,” he muttered defensively, folding his arms across his chest. While he waited for Cas to finish whatever it was he was doing, Dean polished off the rest of his cookies. He had to admit, he did feel better. He hoped the next few stops he made would have some good options left out for him. Maybe snickerdoodles. Or those peanut butter thumbprint cookies that had a Hershey kiss pressed into the middle. Those were fuckin’ awesome. Oooh, or maybe the Rice Krispie treats that were dyed green and formed into wreaths with the little Red Hots glued onto them with frosting to look like holly.
“Shame.” Max pouts. “I’m glad you’re alive, but I was looking forward to getting in on that mattress action with you.”
“Dick,” Dean grumbles, and that only makes Castiel’s smile widen as he puts Dean gently back on his feet.
Sneaking in through the front door, the house had been deadly quiet and dark, leading Dean to think they might actually retain the element of surprise. Just inside, Cas had branched off to the right almost immediately, leaving him and Sam to venture towards the back. Splitting up didn’t jive particularly well with Dean, but it wasn’t exactly the time or place to argue about it, so he kept his mouth shut and watched the angel disappear into what might have been a parlor.
“Fadeout sound, blackout main stage lights,” Castiel says into his headset, and the set goes dark as the crowd erupts into furious applause. Half of them are already on their feet and the rest shoot to standing as the final instrumental notes disappear beneath the roar of cheering and clapping. Castiel wipes his eyes on his sleeve—glad that no one is looking his way right now—before joining in. The cast takes group and individual bows, and while Castiel generally tries not to play favorites, he does cheer just a
” Castiel growls, tugging at the lopsided hem of Dean’s ugly sweater. Cas’ words vibrate against the thin skin of Dean’s throat, since he barely bothers to pause in his impression of a Hoover to speak.
“Yes,” Castiel replies solemnly, because when it comes to Dean and his feelings thereof, truer words have never been spoken. “I have heard love does that.”
It’s clear to Dean that the brass has very specific orders to follow, because the guard barely flinches, nodding and taking off at a run to catch up with the rest of his team. Castiel doesn’t waste any time, dragging Dean bodily down the hall and past the infirmary, all the way to his office.
So instead of relaxing on his memory foam, Dean drinks three beers and changes outfits four or five times, like that’s something Cas is even going to notice once he does finally wander this way. After the same similar t-shirt and flannel combo mocks him in the mirror for the umpteenth time, Dean gets an idea, and he switches gears completely.
He wants today on repeat: stripping soiled bed sheets with Dean standing on the other side of the mattress, cracking terrible jokes and acting entirely carefree. The way Dean so easily gathers the dirty sheets and drops them in the hamper before making his way over to the usually-covered window and pulling the curtains, lifting up the sash to help air out the room. He’s so
It is beautiful, though, and quiet. Missing the hustle and bustle of traffic and people rushing around that plagues the city even in the darkest hours of the night. There’s nothing like that here. Just giant trees towering overhead, branches rustling in the chilly breeze, and the sound of birds and squirrels hopping around in the brush beyond the path.
“I came from Maryland,” Castiel is saying when Dean forces himself to tune back in. “I heard your message on the radio as I was passing by. I went to the pier at noon, I waited all day and then drove up and down the river after it got dark, hoping to get lucky and stumble upon you. I’m heading to Vermont, to the survivors’ colony. In Bethel, it’s a safe zone.”
For his part, Cas never looks away, not even for a beat. And because he’s Cas, instead of answering like a normal person, he licks his lips and nods, as if Dean didn’t have enough mixed signals to interpret
At that, Claire perks up, curious but still tense and defensive in that usual way of hers. Castiel reaches out to touch her shoulder, hesitant. “I love you, Claire,” he says. “You’re the
To Dean’s dismay, Castiel’s face does about a thousand things all at once, none of which mean anything good for Dean.
with the fact that it will, that the world is going to continue turning, whether Dean embraces that or not.
He works hard to not let Dean see his brewing resentment and irritation with himself, but Dean is busy coping with his pain and truly doesn’t seem to notice.
“Cas, you’re here. It’s good to see you.” Balthazar’s in the middle of the War Room now while Dean’s still scrambling after him, just barely reaching the bottom of the stairs as he speaks and feeling like he’s hopelessly one step behind at every turn tonight. One look at the doorway to the library tells him that he’s too late, anyway, because a shirtless (
No one needs to ask him twice—Castiel sweeps forward, wrapping both arms around Dean’s shoulders and pulling him in close. Dean goes with a broken little huff, practically melting with what Castiel can only imagine is the first kind touch he’s had in months, perhaps much longer. He pointedly doesn’t think about how so many people regularly touch Dean with intention while having absolutely
one of God’s favorites. He was beyond human understanding or comprehension; a multidimensional being of pure power, might, and energy. He’d watched entire galaxies bloom, expand, and die in the blink of one of his many eyes, he’d seen what would become sentient life crawl forth from the muck.
“I’ve always thought your wings were very beautiful, Hannah,” he says sincerely, watching as Hannah’s tense shoulders relax and a very small smile breaks through the grumpy expression on their face.
Thank you so much for reading along, and don't forget to comment and subscribe to us individually; we're all working on amazing projects we can't wait to share with the world!
The way that he can’t wait to see what Cas does next, how Cas’ sweet touches are equally as enticing and coveted as his dirty ones. The realization that if Cas wanted to, Dean really would have
Dean scoffs. “In this weather? What, you think I want my balls to fall off after I unpack? Don’t ask stupid questions. We’ll do those in the spring. Bus here yet?”
Castiel does his best not to stare, and for the umpteenth time, he wishes Dean was by his side. Not to fight or to watch his back, but to nudge him knowingly, to make him
Pulling into a parking space outside the building where their appointment is, Dean throws the car into park before turning to Castiel. “You know I’m gonna have to call you Cas, right? Sir,” he tacks on belatedly, since they are still in a private space and Dean is not about to go into this thing with Cas’ handprint waving hello from the side of his face.
Castiel shakes his head sadly, letting his hand find Dean’s where it lays limply on his thigh. He traces the outline of Dean’s bruised fingers, rubs the soft space next to his thumb with great affection. “We are out, unfortunately. There’s plenty more in the car,” he adds hopefully, trying to encourage Dean with what little ammunition he has left to do so.
Dean didn't like suits to begin with. He felt out of place wearing them, even if he often had to put them on. It was just him playing a character, being someone he wasn't, and he called it a monkey suit for that very reason.
When he lifts his face to gasp, there’s rain pelting down onto it from the sky, wind whipping and stinging his eyes, ravaging his hair. The freak storm is powerful, and Castiel knows he should pay attention, but the draw to focus on Dean is
“He’s fine,” Dean growled and jumped out of the sleigh, though he held onto the side as he walked towards the back, still feeling a bit wobbly. “Let’s see the bag, kid.”
husband. The ring reminds Dean very much of his emerald collar and the way it matches his own eyes.  Imagining the ring on Cas’ finger, he suddenly understands what Cas’ affection for the collar itself was based upon way back when. Dean wants Cas in this ring, wants him to
is he excited to see Castiel tonight. He only wishes he had a minute to strip his gear down and find his phone, just to check in, but as it is, his crews are waiting for instructions on the big demo they’re about to do.
’s hips undulate in Dean’s lap as her arms wrap lazily over his shoulders and around his neck, breaking the no-touching rule so casually and intimately, like it’s nothing. Like Dean is something special
Max glances up at him from across the table, peering questioningly over the rim of his styrofoam coffee cup. His eyebrows are raised and he swallows a big gulp before he speaks. “No man,” he replies, shaking his head. “Why? Oh—is he shady? Creepy? He try to—you know.” Max looks at him meaningfully, sticking his finger inside of his mouth and pushing it into his cheek.
being a thing that exist again, anyway. But point being, the first time Dean watched the playback of a practice round with Cas in the ring, he could barely look away (and he definitely couldn’t stand up after, not without embarrassing himself).
," that as far as Dean knows, has never been necessary. Still shrouded in pitch black and with Cas basically plastered to his side, Dean locks and chains that door behind them, too.
“Cas, I’m so fuckin’ sorry,” Dean says softly. Next to him, Castiel looks uncomfortable, like maybe he’s not quite ready to accept Dean’s apologies, but he doesn’t take his hand away or stand up to leave. Instead, he just stares down at his lap and nods.
The majority of their afternoon is spent horsing around in the aisles of the locally-owned home improvement store and in Castiel’s money pit. Pam called as they were leaving the motel—apparently there’s some town-wide event she forgot was happening this weekend, and as such, the bar will likely be packed. It’s her truck they’re borrowing to stock up on supplies and materials for the house, so it’s not as if Dean can avoid her (nor would he), but Castiel can’t help feeling disappointed that he’s losing another night with Dean. Especially after the events of the previous one.
spinning and whirling, Castiel even trying to dip Dean in a move that has him ultimately losing his balancing and collapsing to the ground. That wouldn’t have been as dramatic as it ends up being if Castiel had just
"Cas?" Dean asked, his heart exploding into a million warm pieces as the cold and slightly damp snow angel blinked hard and found his footing, though he left his hands on Dean's shoulders.
doesn’t need him any longer. Dean finds it all terribly endearing, the way Cas acts as if he hasn’t been reduced to a speck of dust in the corner of Jack’s eye, his life not even a blip on the radar in Jack’s eternal timeline. Both he and Cas will live and they will die, and Jack—Jack will have barely even begun.
Lifting a hand to his face, Dean realizes he’s looking through dirty, smudged plastic, up at a fire-rated glove. He closes his eyes for an extended minute, and then it
“Don’t worry, Castiel, I don’t scare that easy. Plus, I know people. I got a sixth sense about good and evil, and Dean? Wouldn’t hurt a fly, unless that fly was threatening someone he cares about.”
Castiel frowns but doesn’t otherwise react to the gun, lacing his fingers together and tucking them behind his head rather casually. “Not that I know of,” he answers. “Are you looking to test the theory?”
“I’m infertile,” he says bluntly. “Just so you know. I can’t—” he waves his hand vaguely in Claire’s direction. “That heir you want. Buncha little rugrats running around. Never gonna happen.”
“Shame you can’t tell me,” Castiel muses, pressing his hips forward to bury himself as deeply inside Dean as he can possibly get. Meanwhile, he’s reaching around to finger the metal cock cage that’s still holding his sub hostage, eliciting
the type of person who used his power position to sleep with men who can’t legally or ethically consent.
Across the line, Sam clears his throat. “I—I would have come to you, Dean—wish I did, after what happened—”
to keep a straight face during a scene. Of course, he’s never been romantically interested in a scene partner before, either. “Noted. Do you like safewords, the stoplight system, or something else?”
Castiel’s heart clenches and his stomach threatens to reject all of the Cheetos he’s eaten right there. “But—but not since? Not a text, or—Jody, you have to get up there, right away. You said Claire and Kaia are with you, the three of you need to—”
, exactly, but Dean sure as hell wasn’t going to say no to more if Cas was up for that kind of thing.
“He’s not—” Dean starts and then stops, waving at Victor to proceed while closing his tired eyes and covering them with a hand.
“The ambulance is on its way,” she reassures him, rubbing Sam’s shoulder. “I got buddies that work the station down the street, shouldn’t be more than three, five minutes max. You wanna carry her outside? Meet them at the loading dock? I told dispatch to send them around to the back, avoid the crowd.”
Still, Dean’s well aware that Cas made intake meetings with the prison psych standard protocol, so they’ll be seeing each other soon enough, no matter what else happens.
Marilyn, rosy-cheeked, challenging him to a drink-off in the basement of the service quarters, her deep, rust-coloured hair in her face, fallen from a long plait. Her green eyes flashed and she grinned at him, her sharp canine teeth twinkling as people danced around them. She raised a pint of dark beer to her lips and Castiel did the same.
without a second thought. Absolutely nothing changed between them in those four ensuing, brutal months while Castiel was laid up.  Well, except that Castiel developed a taste for hedonism and Dean brick-and-mortared the boundaries in his mind that were set up specifically to keep Castiel at arm’s length.
“And I enjoy these fuckin’ biceps, holy shit, Cas,” Dean exclaims. “I gotta get back to the gym, can’t have you showing me up like this. Hey, would you break up with me if I worked out my right side ‘til I had a Popeye arm? Could be sexy,” Dean suggests. In response, Castiel dumps him unceremoniously onto the bed, perhaps a bit more roughly than he might have otherwise. “Oh,
and thankfully, Castiel doesn’t try to steer them back to the verbal negotiation portion of the evening. He does refuse to stop kissing Dean any more than he absolutely has to, which Dean likes a lot more than all the discussion. He even growls when Dean’s head gets stuck in his shirt’s hole, ultimately ripping it down the middle instead of working it off like any normal person.
Listen...I heard y'all came here for some Destiel, so Imma give you some Destiel so you can Destiel while you Destiel all your Destiel, y'feel?
Without breaking eye contact, Castiel lifts his hand and gently grasps Dean’s elbow with the tips of his fingers. Not enough to move him if Dean doesn’t want to be moved, but merely a suggestion. “You
Apparently (according to the chatter Dean only half-listens to because he’s thinking about his dick), Cas is scheduled for his annual intubation skills review and demonstration in the OR with the city’s EMS medical director. Tradition holds that his ten-hour assignment usually turns into Cas intubating two people and then Dr. Edlund taking him out for an extended lunch that involves cocktails and no one going back to the hospital for the rest of the day.
One positive thing about winter at the shore is that it supposedly leaves as quickly as it comes. That doesn’t mean the
Quirking an eyebrow, Castiel lets his hand drop from Dean’s shoulder as he sits back on his heels. “Planning on telling me about it?”
regimen, too. He likely should have considered that a bit more before inviting Cas to help him build strength, but Dean wasn’t thinking with his upstairs brain when he imagined them training together.
, Castiel muses. It wouldn’t be unlike Dean to double down on a mistake, just to avoid owning up to it.
is so much more than the word—it’s this, it’s handing his fears over to Castiel before he even asks Dean to, before they even step foot into their play space for the evening.
Just like Castiel himself, the tattoo Dean is fixing is coming along too, slowly but surely. Not that Castiel would know, but Dean assures him that it’s exactly where it’s supposed to be, and Castiel’s fully given up the reins on directing the process. To Dean’s surprise and delight, that also includes his resistance to adding transformative properties to the final product. After Dean’s disclosure about Juliet and how close his current tattoo is to the original he didn’t want, it wasn’t nearly as hard for Castiel to decide that the man was trustworthy with that particular decision-making process (and execution).
felt before strikes his heart, and he takes off like a shot. He’s shoeless and bumbling as he walks, all of the drinks he’s had seemingly catching up to him in an instant. At some point, he steps on a shell or a rock or some shit, cursing and nearly going to his knees from the pain, but Dean keeps going.
Dean huffs a frustrated sigh and shifts around in the hammock. “I do what I can. Try to stay away from people—Sam—try to make up for—” he gestures around, finally sticking his right arm in the air pointedly. “Y’know. I hunt and I—I put a stop to hellholes like this, but I’m not—I’m not
that you actually wanted to do my job. You don’t,” he caveats. “It’s extremely boring, you would miss painting very much.”
” Dean groans, as Castiel doubles down on twisting his fist and hollowing his cheeks. “So much I want to do with you.”
After a moment, Castiel drops his hands and looks up at Dean mournfully, clearly not registering that Dean’s barely containing himself trying to figure out how to express the very same sentiments out loud that are so clearly splashed all over Castiel’s face. “I thought I could remain detached, but it’s been so long…
In every century, sometimes twice a century, Castiel rebelled. He changed the story and altered the plotlines. He always saved the soul that would one day be Dean Winchester.
With a heaving sigh, Sam sinks back down into his chair and runs a hand through his too-long-for-hunting hair. Someone could fucking pull it, and if Dean weren’t currently dealing with the fallout of being victimized by some random Big Bad himself, he’d say so. “I know. I know you do,” Sam says, flipping the book open again and very clearly stalling for time.
“But Dean,” he chimes in, cutting Dean off at the pass and holding up a placating hand. “Pause. And do not mistake my question for hesitation or doubt in
“It’s been a long day,” Sam says in understanding. He steps forward to clap Castiel on the shoulder, wings spreading a little, like he wants to use them to show affection. Castiel makes a mental note to discuss
high,” Castiel emphasized, with a meaningful look at Dean. “His relationship with mine, Jimmy, and Gabriel’s mother was a second attempt at having a family, and he was much older than she was. Apparently, his experiment failed. He didn’t enjoy raising children anymore than he did the first time around, because I wasn’t even out of diapers when he accepted a position serving the incoming Presidential administration and failed to invite any of us along.”
Not that he would. Castiel knew that as well as his Dean did. And yet, despite holding that unshakeable certainty, Castiel can’t help but hope for Past Dean (Future Dean? It’s all very confusing) all the same. Him and his still-free brother, and their enviable belief that there is
The livestream she’s referring to is a post-Christmas event organized by Castiel’s production company, meant to kick off his tour. He’ll be broadcasting it from here in Tahoe (probably from in-between his Batman sheets, if he’s being honest). Despite the podcast being “live” (a first for him), there are plenty of pre-recorded segments that—before Charlie’s offer—represented several long hours of work still in front of him.
clothes something that interests Castiel more than it probably should at this point. Clad in his new t-shirt and flannel and feeling like a Winchester-lite, Castiel makes a brief but fruitless attempt at taming his completely destroyed hair before throwing his hands up and opting to lean into the wild look.
Dean wakes up sweating in his bed, his hand tucked underneath his cheek, watch alarm beeping in his ear. He still has terrifying dreams about the night everything went to shit at least three times a week, if he’s lucky. They used to come every night but the more time passes, the more numb he feels, and apparently, that extends to his dreams. Or maybe his brain is just exhausted. Dean already knows this is all his fault, it’s not like he needs the subconscious reminders.
“Let’s grab Cas and hit it. We’ll worry about the rest when we’ve all got somewhere to sleep and we’re not in danger of freezing to death during the first cold snap.”
“Stand here one second, please, Sir,” Dean says. He squeezes Castiel’s hand affectionately before letting it go just as soon as they’re inside. Closing the door behind them, Dean quickly shirks his robe, tossing it over the back of the couch as he steps out of his boots. Once he’s down to Cas’ favorite panties and his collar, Dean puts a hand on Cas’ back and touches his elbow, leading him gently into the middle of the space.
By midnight, everyone is wasted, and previously guarded inhibitions are beginning to drop even further. Somehow, Dean finds himself in the pool in his boxers, playing a game of chicken with Lisa perched on his shoulders. Her opponent is a very-wobbly Dorothy being held up by Dr. Matt. Dean still thinks the guy has the personality of wet cardboard, but he’s definitely more fun when he’s drunk.
When they reached the bottom, stepping under the sign above head that read ‘Northbound | Southbound Platforms’, it only got worse.
As Castiel processes, Dean rambles. “I mean, if you’re cool with it, nothing has to change, though. We could just...I dunno, see what happens?”
with Castiel anymore. It’s the most Dean-like Castiel’s ever seen him act, which was terrible, because Sam is
“No,” Dean says firmly, shaking his head and letting the blanket droop off of his bare shoulders. It’s distracting and enticing, and Castiel’s sudden interest in focusing on it nearly distracts him from what Dean says next.
It’s a damn good thing Castiel doesn’t need to breathe, that the Empty is a place of suspension, because he’s certain that his body couldn’t take this on the mortal plane. He wouldn’t survive it.
Jody and Jo’s protests went ignored as the light grew, and Cas’ screams grew desperate, cut with hollow wheezes for air that sounded like he was dying. Dean’s fingers brushed Cas’ neck and his fingers wrapped around one of Cas’ hands, linked through fingers that spread wide as he convulsed and—
people all the shit I should have… you know, before. Sam, Lisa, Ben. My parents. Benny. Shit, Benny.” Dean has to blink back a surprise wave of emotion and its accompanying tears at the reminder. “That guy gave his life trying to protect my family, Cas. I never even told him that he was my best friend. I got
Cas was backing slowly toward Dean when Kevin opened his mouth, letting out a furious, other-worldy roar.
something in his arsenal to offer besides sarcasm and unhelpful mockery, and he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t excited about that.
Sam glanced at him and nudged Cas, forcing the angel to look over. With a small shrug, Sam said, “Glad you’ve been around more lately, Cas. I’ve...been meaning to say something but with Dean’s, uh, issue, it’s been a little weird at the bunker. But Jack’s a lot happier when you’re around, and I appreciate your help with the research, and…” Sam stared at the chimney, then added, quieter, “You kinda do wonders for Dean’s mood. I’m his brother and I’ve been with him forever, but no one really can cheer him up like you do.”
Against Dean’s chest, Castiel’s body shakes with quiet laughter, and yet, Dean can feel him reaching up to wipe the back of his hand across his eyes. “Yes,” he rumbles, and Dean feels a rush of relief and excitement and just—
and they haven’t even done anything yet. All of the balls he’s juggling are still up in the air, but even the barest sense of regaining even a
So later that afternoon, when Claire drags him into his bedroom suite and dresses him, Castiel goes without complaint. When she selects heavy, dark jeans and a plain black long-sleeved t-shirt despite the warm day outside, Castiel lets her. When she ties a black and white bandana across his face and then tugs it down around his neck, “until you need it,” Castiel doesn’t say one word about it.
Blinding, absolute sunshine and the light at the end of Castiel’s sometimes very dark tunnel, he finds himself barely able to breathe with that look directed his way. Whistling and happy as a clam, Dean fails to notice anything off in his demeanor. Dragging Castiel determinedly up the stone steps of the church, he pulls open one of the
the fuck to the back where they won’t have a shot at derailing his plans. Once he’s cool and composed again, Dean jams the collar into his free pocket and pulls the other, smaller box out.
While they wait for the go ahead to climb, Dean slumps against the blood-stained rock by Jesse’s side as they congratulate each other on a job well done. For a few minutes they sit in silence, and then Jesse pipes up with something completely out of left field.
His kitchen these days is barely recognizable from what it was, now stocked floor to ceiling using every available inch of cabinet and shelf space for edible supplies. While he tries to go out and forage at least a little bit every day, Dean’s also well-aware that anything could happen, leaving him trapped inside this house for any length of time. Storms are the biggest concern. Any time the sun isn’t out translates to open season, the UV-sensitive Darkseekers free to roam and hunt wherever they please. Heading outside with a storm on the horizon—be it snow or thunder—would be a novice mistake, and Dean didn’t survive this long by not using common sense.
The more Cas cuts, the more it hurts and yet, the more excited Dean gets. He doesn’t hold back on his moans and groans, and when tears prick at the corners of his eyes, he lets them fall. A particularly long drag of the razor has him reaching for Cas, winding an arm around his back and gripping his shoulder, pulling that same arm back to reach up and thread his hand in Cas’ hair. The whole thing is so weirdly intense and bizarrely romantic—Cas in his lap, his focused face only inches from Dean’s, the heat building steadily between them and the pain in Dean’s arm becoming layered and complicated, all laced with the pleasure of Cas trying to make him come.
At least she’s actually wearing her school uniform today. That alone might be an attempt to pacify his ire, and Castiel hates that it’s working. There are few things in the world that Claire resents more than being cooped up in the house, and one of them is
The gray tendril of hair shakes as Lisa whips her head around angrily, smacking a hand against the console between them. “What are you
While he eats, Dean checks his phone and texts Charlie a vague, “anything?” to which he gets no response. That’s disappointing, but Charlie’s a busy chick; she’ll get back to him when she can. Shrugging that off, Dean goes about his daily routine. He pulls on clean clothes and a new jumpsuit, opens the gate to the lot, and unlocks the front door to the shop. He runs through some paperwork and pays a bill or two before heading over into the garage. Before jumping back into painting, Dean takes a half-hour break, spending it lifting weights at the rack he has set up at the rear of the middle bay.
treat he brought along, in addition to the food and the beer. Castiel readies for it as Dean’s hands start to wander, hips rolling in an increasingly regular rhythm. Dean kisses him, enthusiastic as hell and licking into his mouth with a pleased little sound as the palms of his hands press hot and smooth down Castiel’s sides. It’s intoxicating, heavy as Dean’s body is on top of his. Pointedly so—probably to keep Castiel in his place after that move with the blanket—but Dean seems to realize that’s not going to last.
Everything he says makes Dean want to know more, to get closer, to peel back Castiel’s layers and find out what’s underneath. Spending an entire afternoon watching Cas’ back muscles flex as he balances on the board and propels himself forward with the paddle has that thought translating pretty fucking literally, too—but that’s neither here nor there. Doesn’t matter, they make it through the day and another night of cuddling without breaking any rules, ten points to Gryffindor.
Dean was still uttering threats to Bernard as he stomped his way around the back of the buildings again, retracing his steps. Except this time, instead of avoiding the center square, where he’d been sure there’d be elves, he cut through the passageway between the mess hall and Santa’s office, his feet spraying fluffy snow out behind him and in front of him, flying back against his jeans, soaking in and making his skin itch.
Still, it’s nice. It’s enjoyable to have company. It’s also pleasant for that company to be so attractive, so friendly, so...
For now, he’ll enjoy the more mild weather while it lasts. A little sun would help, but beggars can’t be choosers.
Dean takes a moment, steeling himself with a deep breath and a cautious glance into Cas’ eternally patient, ocean-blue eyes. “God, Cas, you’re so beautiful,” is what comes out of him next, which isn’t at all what Dean intended, but hey. He’s definitely said dumber crap while nervous, at least that one was
“So you’re worried that I’m about to do the same, I gather?” Dean scoffs, but Castiel lets him off the hook, barreling on. He stretches and drops his boots to the ground, smiling. “Not as far as I can tell. This is
It’s too late for Dean to argue or protest or even ask why it feels like his asshole is being stretched
“Good,” Sam replies, leaving Dean to breathe a sigh of relief when he doesn't hear their distress codeword. “You?”
Swallowing his smart comment, Castiel (again, patiently) nods his affirmation. “There was plenty of interest, although—as you’re already aware—nepotism won in the end. Jesse and Cesar will take over just as soon as we put them and their chosen team through ServSafe.” Castiel taps his pen against the pad, raising his eyebrows, an obvious challenge. “Anything else?”
He was fairly certain Naomi hadn’t blinked, not since closing her eyes while answering some inane question of Alastair’s regarding benefit time over the phone. Her gaze bore through him, reading his every secret—whether Castiel ever voiced it or not—but her expression didn’t match—mouth quirking up in a smile. “I had a feeling that there was more to that quiet, line-toeing soldier than you let on,” she said, before leaning back in her chair with a yawn. “Yes, I am letting you get away with it. Don’t make me regret that decision. And Castiel—do tell me. When there’s something you’re able to tell.”
what he’s meant to be doing—but that doesn’t mean it isn’t stressful. Adjusting the straps of the pack where they press against the bunker gear covering his chest, Dean checks everything he’s wearing unconsciously, out of habit, while he waits for Benny’s orders. Most of it is still in standby mode—his face mask hangs from his neck, his hood and gloves are tucked inside his helmet, which he holds in his hands—since Benny said to hold off on all that. The rest are things he could (and has) put on his sleep: boots, heavy fire-rated turnout pants and coat, all of it stacked over his regular duty uniform.
Sam lifts his hands and drops them back down helplessly. “What do you want me to say, Dean? First of all, you can’t hunt right now. You’re going into
As Dean stalks towards him, Castiel moves quickly, grabbing his arm to twist it behind his back, slamming Dean’s chest onto the hood of the car.
he saw here. The thought almost makes him laugh—as if that version of himself would ever be able to understand the depths of his depravity, how far he—
“Speaking of which, I imagine that your conditional release will include mandatory therapy. I’ve compiled a list of practices in the city, we can go through the options together. There are several reputable offices that are full-service—they offer talk therapy and medication services and—what?” Castiel cuts himself off when he sees Dean make a face at the word, “city.”
Castiel goes back to yanking his head back by the hair while he picks up the pace on Dean’s dick, riding him hard and murmuring a very
Not wanting to upset Charlie with further sex talk, Castiel glances up and ensures she’s fully occupied in navigating the narrow path between parked cars to his apartment’s assigned space. “Why don’t you guess?” he murmurs quietly. “What could I possibly be leaving up to you, at this point?”
in sound. Cheers and yelling, the kind of loud affirmation that is about as unambiguous as it gets. “Holy shit,” Dean breathes, looking around and taking in all the relieved, happy faces, genuinely stunned by all the support.
“Oh, sweetheart. My brave boy,” he murmurs, unsure if Dean can even hear him. His hope sparks when between Castiel’s hands, Dean stirs, moaning low and pitiful. His several-day stubble is familiar and soft under the pads of Castiel’s fingers as he shifts. “I need you to wake up, Dean. We need to get out of here. Dean,” Castiel pleads. “Dean, love, please.”
“Me and you, we’re okay. I think we’ve both changed a lot since you made that choice. And Cas,” Dean murmured, struggling past the little crack in his voice, “I don’t regret it. What I said, I mean. I regret what happened, the crap at the bunker turning into all this…but what I said was true, anyway.”
Two loops around each of Dean’s thighs and a few twists that have the rope wound snug at the base of Dean’s cock and then around his balls, and they’re done.
display lighting up the stonework on either side of him. His wings have appeared in the air, casting magnificent shadows on the walls, and suddenly Dean understands perfectly well why Cas wanted the lights off.
“I dunno why you brought me here,” Dean starts as he turns on his heel. A cloud of dirt puffs up by his ankles as he does, and Cas’ face drops, his disappointment obvious as he anticipates Dean’s rejection. “But Cas, I think you should know—I can fix this.”
EYYYYYYY, YOUR JSCRIBBLES IS BAAAACK. *club horns* BACK AT IT AGAIN WITH THE ANGST, AND THE DRAMA, AND THE BOYS BEING SO IN LOVE THEY CAN'T HANDLE IT?!
“Maybe we need to suck it up and ask the elves,” Sam suggested after a few more heavily silent minutes of page leafing. “We could write a letter, or something—to Bernard, maybe? Or like...wish?”
Thing is, he doesn’t. There’s one time that Dean makes mention of a drug drop that he knows is going down (no specifics, just that it’s happening, but enough information that Cas
“Talk about me all you like, but don’t come for Dean,” he says flatly, watching with his head tilted curiously to the side as Christian flops bonelessly to the floor, unconscious.
my way here,” Gordon complains, tapping his index finger angrily against his chest before casually gesturing towards Dean. “Not like some of these freeloading street scum. You think that doesn’t give me pull?”
“Tell me you’re not still insisting on taking the Metro to work every day,” Naomi scolds gently, using her mom voice on Castiel as she kicks the toe of his dress shoe with a polished pump. Castiel just smiles and shrugs, which prompts her to roll her eyes. “Castiel. You know I don’t care about optics, but it’s hardly safe. I can’t just jump on the T when I head home to Boston, much as I might like to.”
Sam’s breathing and the faint sounds of typing echo in Dean’s ear as he makes his way across the main living space. He’s so focused on beelining for the kitchen that he doesn’t hear the footsteps, not until they’re practically on top of him. In his defense, they do come up fast.
Dean never gets to find out what Castiel’s going to ask, because he’s interrupted by a steady rumbling underfoot, a slow and building vibration that shakes the very foundations of the building they’re sitting in. The only thing Dean can think to compare it to is the sound and feeling of a train coming into the station. Down in the subways or up on the elevated tracks, it’s that same lowkey thunder rolling in underfoot and all around, reverberating off of the walls and in your own ears.
“I don’t want to intrude,” Jo muttered into the bottle, trying to drink away the pain of what God had done to his archangels. Some father he’d turned out to be… “It’s all right. I’ll just watch.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean could see the side of Castiel’s mouth quirk up, though he had the decency not to say anything. As for Sam, Dean just put up his middle finger and ignored him. And if he hit the gas to set the reindeer off just a
—red-faced and sweaty, his hair sticking up wildly in all directions as he holds his helmet casually underneath his arm. His bunker jacket is tossed onto the floor of the ambulance, draped halfway over the truck’s license plate in the way it falls down through the open back doors. Without it, Dean is left in his bunker pants and suspenders with a plain white t-shirt underneath, and despite the extreme chill, his bare arms are a rosy color from working inside the burning building. “Cas, a hose line to the third floor might be the difference between these people having homes to come back to or not.”
“Not that it’s any of your business, Dean,” Sam replies in an attempt at frosty, the effect somewhat lost by the stringy hair falling into his eyes, “But my sponsor approves. Jess has been coming to meetings with me for months, and I’m—” Here, Sam pauses and gazes down at her, very obviously completely smitten.
