"Nah, just a cheap date."
, a while back for
"No," Tony said with a contemplative sigh. "Just an observation. I guess I can live with it until you leave me for someone younger and more attractive."
"I would have made damned sure it was wrapped up a lot faster, that's for sure."
"Are you sure?" he asked as Tony pushed him out of the lab, and the door closed behind him. "You seemed kind of busy, and Bruce said he'd be back—"
Steve's eyes opened a little wider, and he frowned at Tony. "
"Olivia?" Bruce asked, like he wasn't able to follow Tony's train of thought and wasn't quite sure who he was talking about.
"Are you kidding me? Am I giving samples for a test or donating to the Red Cross?"
"Nah," he said and followed Tony over to the door. "This place might get Steve all hot and bothered, but it doesn't do a thing for me."
"I don't even know who 'Friday' is, and why are you looking up like that? You know JARVIS isn't actually in the ceiling, right?"
Steve just smiled but then looked down at his glass. Tony looked at his own, and Steve said, "You know, we don't really
him with that, if you know what I mean."
interrupted," as he toyed with Steve's erect and very sensitive nipple — if the hiss of breath was anything to go by. "And I'm still a little hot and bothered from earlier."
Tony shrugged. "I pried too much. No big deal. Your past is yours. None of my business."
"So much," he said without hesitation.
"Really?"
"I didn't know that," he said.
He scrubbed and rinsed off, wetting his hair and washing his face, and after what he figured amounted to two minutes, he stepped out of the shower and grabbed his towel.
"I'm not from the stone age," he said with a smirk and set the shaker back down. "They had a lot of stuff in my day, believe it or not. We even had television."
Tony shrugged. "Look, all I'm saying is that your stomach is a bottomless pit, and so far — as my tits can attest to — so is your daughter's."
body, and it was…maybe not
Steve took a deep inhale of breath. "Still with the age jokes, huh?"
"I'm sick of being stuck in this tower. I'm not fucking Rapunzel. I want to go out. I want to go on a date."
"If I get desperate enough, I'll give you a call."
Steve shook his head but wouldn't open his eyes. "You don't want to know."
"Can I see?"
"Earlier, remember? When we were walking on the beach and
"Go sit," he said, edging Steve out of the way. "If I need any help boiling all the flavor out of something, I'll let you know."
"Good," he said and reached out to kiss Tony's forehead. "Because I do. More than I ever thought it was possible to love someone, and if I have to, I will spend the rest of my life getting you to believe that."
"That's just his normal look," Tony said. "He probably has gas or something. All right, tell us what we're looking at. I mean, I think I can kind of figure, but you're the experts here."
…but we haven't heard anything more from any of the others. They're having a pretty hard time of it. Hydra knew what they were doing."
a lie if we're talking about the redhead that could kill me with her pinky. But look at what I did at my first press conference after that whole thing with— with Obie, with what happened with Obie. What did I do?"
would clean it up eventually.
The man laughed. "Nothing, I'm just messing with you." He grinned and took Olivia's mitten-covered little hand between his thumb and index finger. "Hey, there, cutie! Don't you look adorable?"
, but Pepper piped in and said, "She really is an absolute doll of a woman, and she remembers you fondly."
Steve just stared at him, evidently unimpressed with his explanation, before he said, "You just want me to stay old and out-of-touch so you can keep making fun of me."
"Captain America and Iron Man's kids? Yeah, I could see why someone would want to—"
"Eh," Tony said and shrugged. "Not
"Totally and completely," he said with a nod. "I mean, if you need to verify it, I can call in the rest of the Avengers, or Ms. Potts, the CEO of Stark Industries, or Colonel James Rhodes of the United States Air Force—"
"Kinda, yeah, a couple months ago."
Rhodey shook his head slightly and went back to his dessert, and Tony followed suit. "Not hap—
Rhodey muttered something under his breath then got up to pour himself a cup of coffee, and Tony set his mug down to pull the newly-cooked waffle off the iron. He set it on a plate and then set it at the seat Rhodey had taken just as JARVIS announced Bruce's arrival to the penthouse.
She sniffled and rubbed her nose again, and when she glanced to the side, her eyes went wide. "Unca Bruce! When'd you get here?"
Tony blew out a breath. "If we ignore the whole 'soul mate' theory, easiest way to explain it is that we're just two very powerful life forces, and the fate of the entire galaxy rests upon us getting and keeping our act together. Again, it sounds egotistical, but it's kind of true."
"Won't they know you're lying?"
"Hey! I've told you that before!"
you might want to, I don't know,
"I really don't mind—" Steve murmured but Tony shook his head and said, "Nope, not a problem, babe," and flashed a grin at the many curious looks that surrounded them.
Well, thank heaven for small mercies.
"Because you are human and because you are so hung up on ideas like 'male' and 'female.' I suppose it is because only your females can bear life. Your males are made for nothing but inseminating."
, but—"
Steve cut across Midtown to take the West Side Highway uptown, and Tony settled in and tried to relax as he left the driving up to Steve. He began to fiddle with the radio, an attempt to find something they both could enjoy, which was easier said than done as Tony was more of a Black Sabbath-AC/DC kind of guy and Steve…was not. He could still see the look of forced pleasure on Steve's face when he'd tried to introduce him to Led Zeppelin not long after they'd started dating. 'Stairway to Heaven' had not impressed him nor had 'Kashmir,' but 'The Rain Song' hadn't gone over
in Tony's presence, oddly enough, there was an overwhelming sense of
Well, when she wasn't busy walking all over him, that was.
"Yeah?" Barton grabbed some plates and some flatware. "Then I expect the same of you when it turns out it
conceived. That was the God-given duty and provenance of women. Men did not, and it seemed unlikely that even the spells and potions of the Red Witch could change such a fact.
"Gods, aliens, monsters, war heroes frozen in time — really, with all that, with everything that has happened in the last several years, is this
But he just laughed, evidently thinking this was some sort of game, and said, "Say the magic word."
she might actually be…"
"Be good," Steve murmured then turned to DUM-E, who was still trying to hide behind Steve for protection. "And that goes for you, too."
Rhodey sighed and shook his head. "No, it's—"
"You'll like it."
And then it happened.
Attempt to cook for him.
Steve was quiet a moment, and Tony was enjoying the peace when Steve said, "Uh, so, what was that thing you wanted to talk to me about?"
he's a spy. I think he actually works for Comcast."
Steve had spent his entire life waiting for the right partner. He'd been good, done his penance, and patiently waited for that person that he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt he was going to spend the rest of his life with. There was a time that felt like yesterday to him but was really several decades ago that he had tried to convince himself that that partner was none other than Peggy. She was smart, she was beautiful, and she was more than willing to call him out on his bull. She was everything he could have ever hoped for and more, and he wanted — oh, he so very much wanted — her to be the 'right partner.' And she could have been. He knew she could have been. He could have been happy. He knew he could have been happy.
"What, jelly belly?"
"They just got married. Give it six months. They honeymoon'll be over by then. Marriage kills the romance for
Tony just clamped his mouth shut and nodded, shuffling his way out of Bruce's lab with his tail between his legs.
Tony attempted to button his jeans again but hissed when it was still just too tight for comfort. “Yeah, well, maybe the moment’s passed.”
Pepper just shrugged, and Tony sighed.
"Send him on up, J—" he said. "And, hey, might wanna warn him about what we've got here so he's not completely surprised when he walks in."
Anthony was an intelligent young man, but he also possessed a naiveté. Too often he had fallen into the trap of people that had wanted nothing from him but his name and his money. The Council had had to disentangle him from many an ill-match over the course of his young life, all because the young Anthony was a giver and a lover and a dreamer. Intelligent and cunning and a wise leader, yes, but also one that could easily fall into the charms of someone out to seek power, influence, and even the crown from him.
to attract anyone under seventy? Is he even thinking? He looks like a fucking model, he— he dresses and acts like he's from the forties!"
Steve continued to stare at him, and after a moment, he said, "Watch everything that you say. It would be different if the public didn't know who we were, but they do, and especially now, they're looking for any crack in our foundation they can possibly find, and they'll exploit it for all they think it's worth. It's bad enough they think there's something…
He shrugged, and Esmeralda sat a little straighter and said, "Are you sure? If you'd like, I can give you time to think about it."
"Yeah," Bruce said, looking as confused as he felt. "Is that one of your—"
to make the announcement, and no matter what, that kid is always, always,
Steve pulled away to look him in the eye. "You still really need to ask if I find you attractive like this?"
"It wasn't— I didn't— I didn't mean—" he stuttered out, but Tony just grabbed a washcloth from the shower, and he wet it in the sink then went about wiping off Steve's abdomen.
Tony made a 'humph' sound and said, "Seriously, you're being weird and clingy even for you. Are you OK?"
"I notice you didn't
Steve swallowed, and though his mind screamed at him to stop, to put an end to this before he got himself hurt, his heart pushed him right along.
Bruce stared at him a moment then heaved out a sigh and said, "You're not going to listen to a word I say about this, are you?"
Tony rolled his eyes. "That
life, and maybe somewhere out there there's a version of us that's upset that
"Where're you going?" Bruce asked and glanced at her.
the first person in the world to go through this, Tony."
Tony seemed to relax at that, letting out an exhale and smiling some as he nodded. "You're welcome," he said then puckered his lips and went up on his toes to give Steve a kiss. Steve reciprocated, puckering his lips and meeting Tony's mouth in a chaste peck of the lips, and when Olivia let out her first whine of the morning, Tony broke the kiss and said, "Yeah, OK, time for your nap, baby girl."
He put a hand to his belly, protective, like he dared anyone to get through him. Weird. He wasn't sure he'd ever actually felt
"Honey, you know I want to—"
Or said 'fuck it' and took fate into his own hands.
"Couldn't you just toss another coin?" Wilson asked.
Tony just waved him off then said, "J?"
"I'm sorry," Steve said again as he settled into a chair across from him. "How come you're down here anyway?"
"Uh, not tonight. Why? Aren't you having fun with just us?"
He didn't know why the name had popped into his head, though seeing Barnes and Natasha sitting next to each other brought back a snippet of a memory associated with that name, but he shook his head and waited for the confusion from the crowd to abate. Everyone else looked perplexed, but Steve just turned to him and said, "'Madge' or 'Madelyn,' maybe? Why?"
There was a small, hysterical part of him that didn't even actually believe what was happening to him, that tried to play it off, that assured him this was all some long, drawn-out, drug-fueled, crazy, protracted dream. Many times he was tempted to give into that frenzied part of himself because that part of himself sure as shit sounded much more rational and sane than the part that was trying to convince him that he really
"I know, and I understand that, and I wouldn't want him to change, to be honest. He wouldn't be the man I fell in love with if he did. And that's not…" He frowned a little and went contemplative. "That's not like hoping he'll stop drinking or stop hitting you or stop cheating on you. It's not something that makes you wonder if he's even worth sticking it out for. He's too honest. So the fuck what? If that's the worst thing I can say about him, then I think I lucked out pretty damned well in the marriage department."
would you have been
Jesus, what was he? Twelve?
"Didn't need it. I was…" He shook his head. "Doesn't matter. I can go get some."
. "You know you'd be the one wearing the collar, right?"
"Well, just try to get me a normal brain," Steve said and reached out to pull Tony back into his embrace again.
She laughed and shook her head a little. "No, my dove, it is not. It took you many years, but you finally found your purpose with your Avengers — and with your Steven, your bonded. He is protector and defender, but you are creator and nurturer. You have forged life from nothing so often you see nothing notable about it. It is second-nature to you. That—
Steve exhaled a disappointed sigh. "Do you have to say it that way?"
"Balance," she reiterated. "Your bonded is a soldier, a warrior, a man of war. He prides himself as a man of justice and liberty, but he has blood on his hands. He is…"
She gazed upon him, considering him. "Your kind desires nothing more than eternal youth and beauty, and here you are — a man in possession of such a blessing but desires nothing more than the chance to grow old with your bonded."
, he'd fucking pull the trigger on himself."
"No," Steve said with a resigned sigh. "And there's really nothing actually scholarly out there."
"Sure they did."
"Sorry," he said, and Tony made a noise like he was considering Steve's apology.
Their eyes did a dance together before Steve let out a short breath and said a quiet, "No."
Tony just nodded, still staring at Steve a little funny, before he went through the motions of buttoning up, and Steve turned and made to go into the kitchen again when Tony called out a hesitant and pregnant, “
behavior, but it's not. I think it's actually kind of—"
(Having once had the life kissed out of him by an alternate universe Cap also didn't exactly hurt matters, either.)
"You're supposed to be on my team, Brucie!"
will not only kick your ass, I'll get Rhodey and Pepper and Nat to help me. Capiche?"
"No one," he answered quickly. "No one you know— A girlfriend."
"Why?"
"Would you prefer them trying to kill each other?" Natasha asked.
Unless they weren't
are going to do your husbandly duty that is expected of every groom on the wedding night and fuck me silly, understand?"
"Eh, you tried, old man. Can't say you didn't give it your best shot."
"Do you have some voyeuristic kink you never told me about?"
Steve squeezed his hand once more, and he bent down and nestled his head against Tony's on the pillow and whispered a quiet, "Thank you," to him.
He settled back into the couch with her, and she curled up tight next to him as JARVIS loaded up the movie for them.
"—the sort of thing that woulda gotten my mouth washed out with soap by my ma—"
Pregnancy complications such as diabetes or high blood pressure?
Uh, since when are you calling him that?"
He turned and met the gaze of what he took to be a middle-aged stock broker with a wife out in Jersey.
" JARVIS cut in, "
"Purchased them? Stole them?"  Tony prodded.
"Yeah, but—"
Bruce shared a look with Tony before he squirted some of the cold gel onto Tony's abdomen, and Tony's abdominals twitched at the cool sensation on his skin. "Tony says he hasn't been feeling well, so he requested I—"
"Tony, I don't know the first thing about—"
. There are
I feel about this. Hell, half the time,
"Yeah, no, not speaking about it. Look, I know, all right? Call it 'mother's intuition' or something. I know that this — that that— I know, all right? I just know, and I don't care. It's not a big deal. I think it's a bigger deal to you than it is to me."
Asgardian man-meat."
He thought about this a moment. Was she trying to say that Bruce's muesli tasted like the shit they put in drywall? Because she wasn't wrong, in that case.
He slid his hands beneath the negligée and began to caress him outright, large hands splayed over the bump as he rubbed it, equal parts erotic and possessive.
Tony considered this a moment then shrugged a little, a small smile on his face as though to assure Rhodey he wasn't wrong about his assumptions, and Rhodey just sighed and shook his head and said, "I can't believe we're talking about this."
Steve really didn't know what to say to that, so he just said, "And what about…?" and nodded in the direction of the nursery upstairs. "I mean her name...?"
"What
Tony continued to pace. "Which doesn't even make any
Tony tilted his head, perplexed that Bruce could even ask such a question. "Because. She's my daughter."
"Hey," he said, soft and tender and all
Olivia huffed and folded her arms as she rolled her eyes. "I guess," she muttered like it annoyed her to say so.
But this…
was the day it would happen, and fu—" he put his hands up to cover the child's ears, "—fuck you very much for that. The first Christmas she can actually enjoy, and you bail out on me and leave me with your ridiculously-suspicious younger counterpart."
"What? That Captain America owns Stark Industries? Hell, if he'd been defrosted back before Howard had died, he probably would have turned the company over to him instead of me."
He turned his attention back to Tony, but he hiked his thumb at the other two and said, "Do I want to know?"
He went about gathering the ingredients for the waffles, mixing the batter in a bowl as he set the iron to heat up. Luckily, the kitchen had been stocked to the rafters before the power outage, so there was no shortage of food for them, and though he did feel a little bit bad that the city was a mess and it might very well be days or even weeks before things got back to normal out there, at that moment, he only cared about himself and his baby and his old man. Besides, as Steve had explained, the other Avengers were tending to the outreach efforts, even if Tony doubted it was enough for the asshole talking heads on TV that figured the Avengers should personally doing the work to get the power stations back online while cleaning up the mess the rioting had left behind and trucking in water and food and other sundry items to provide much-needed relief for the people most affected by the Hydra's most recent asshole move.
"Because there's this…part of me…that's afraid — that thinks — that if I… That I'll lose it again. That something'll happen, and I'll lose it again, and I can't… I can't do that." He swallowed again and shook his head. "I can't do it again. I can't lose…"
obstetrician that might be able to catch something quicker than I would because they deal with it more."
"Tony."
Bruce smiled at her, and Tony found himself jealous for only a second that he seemed to have such a natural rapport with children, the kind that Tony knew he himself never would.
Steve smirked as he looked over the menu. "If they serve us horse at these prices, I'm going to file a complaint with the city."
"Not like that!" he snapped and rolled his eyes. "Something—"
"Yeah, but Tony," Bruce said, nosing his way into the conversation for some stupid reason, "you don't want to put
, for crying out loud!
Tony nodded. "OK, we can— Well, not right at the moment seeing as I'm pretty fucking far away, unless you want to just do something with the suit—"
"Without me and Steve."
Tony waved him off and said, "Technicalities. Look, the point is that I don't
stick it in him. All he had to do was say the word.
"Nothing bad. I mean, I might have thought about putting some questionable stuff, but it's pretty boring and generic. I mean, it's hard to answer truthfully when I'm
He tried not to think about the possessive way Steve had growled that name at him last night, the way he'd said
"Thank you."
Bucky merely shot him a
"Hmm…" Natasha said and went back to painting Tony's nails. "And how's the father-to-be?"
He worked his breasts a few more moments, his lips nuzzling at his neck just above where the collar sat, before he slid his hands down and spread them wide over the swell of Tony's belly.
But he shook his head. "No, you don't— Look, I can't explain it, all right, but I just…
I do it because I love you! They're just a bunch of dick- measuring assholes."
"Not to us, or not recently, anyway. Could always go with 'Nate.'"
"Can I get that signed and notarized?"
Steve — beautiful, beat-up Steve — sat there on their bed, hair still wet from what he took to be a recent shower and dressed in nothing but a tight white T-shirt and gray boxer-briefs. He watched as that beautiful, beautiful man grimaced a little and took a breath and said, "Yeah, that…" then rubbed the back of his neck. "Tell you the truth, I didn't even know I was supposed to be dead."
Tony grinned and picked up his phone to text back, and the real Natasha sighed a little and said, "You want this done right?"
point- blank. He's just as freaked out about this whole thing as you are, but he suppresses it, keeps it hidden, so that you can have your mini-meltdowns over it. Because while he's freaked out about it, he knows it's nothing compared to what you're going through, and he doesn't… He blames himself for this. He'll never
past April first, so no, this isn't some elaborate joke. I
"Got intimately familiar with his hand to them, too," Hill muttered into her drink.
He checked for any texts or missed calls, saw there were none (
He swallowed. "Anyway, yes, I found an article. A small amount of coffee a day is A-OK."
faster than you should be — or you
Tony sighed out a breath and patted his arm. "Little bastard will be here in, like, three weeks, but whatever. Sure thing, boss," he murmured, though he still thought Steve was being rather unreasonable about it. Paranoid. Superstitious.
"Look, I'm just saying the guy needs to let it go. It's been over fifty years. Move on already."
"Well, no—"
Steve looked in his uniform?), all of his concentration going to what was going on inside of him.
Steve raised his eyebrows.
you may not feel comfortable, but, uh—"
He stood there in the middle of the kitchen sobbing — ugly sobbing — tears streaming down his face as he hugged his arms around himself. He wasn't sure there was any rhyme or reason to why he was doing this, but his emotions had just built up to the point where he guessed they were bound to explode at any moment.
"Oh, don't listen to him!" he said and pet his support strut. "You know how he gets. That's how he shows his love and affection. He secretly thinks you're doing a wonderful job and he's very happy and
on? The old man always loves to point out everything they got wrong in that movie. You'd think he grew up then or something."
Steve went quiet, pursing his lips and shifting his gaze down to the desk so he wouldn't have to look at either of his friends, and Bucky muttered, "I knew it," then added, "What, Stevie? What's it about?"
She rolled her eyes at him then turned her attention to Tony. "Stark? Stark, look at me. Stark, breathe with me."
"Supposed to be rooting out Hydra bases," he murmured, and Tony hummed lightly in response.
When he opened his eyes, Olivia had the cookie back in her mouth, and Tony was giving him a funny, contemplative look. "What?" he asked, not understanding what he'd done wrong.
"Oh, my god," Tony said and turned to her. "Did you just call it that? Are we in a bad bodice- ripper or something? No, I don't just want my dick; I want my whole body back."
The other three gathered around Natasha, looking over her as they examined the photograph with their own eyes. Thor nodded in approval and said, "Our Steven bears quite a resemblance to his father," while Bruce took the folder from Natasha and looked it over, inspecting it as he turned it over in his grasp.
"Yeah, I guess that's what you'd call it," he said with a shrug.
"This isn't like— I lost seventy years of my life. But I didn't lose… I know now I lost a 'what might have been.' This isn't a 'what might have been.' This is a 'what is,' and I can't lose that. I couldn't— I couldn't survive that."
"You're her father, Steve. If anyone's allowed carte blanche with her it's you."
"For you or for her?" Steve asked with a raised eyebrow, and Tony gave a little half-grimace and scratched the back of his head.
He opened his eyes and was greeted with the darkness of the room, faint moonlight streaming into the windows.
"Even with me being like this?" Tony said and motioned down at himself.
"You know, you could at least pretend like you
But the King was still without issue.
Steve just shrugged at this, and Tony said, "Well, he's not wrong."
"He's hoggin' all the time with her," Bucky explained, petulant, as he adjusted Olivia in his arms.
— anyway, so, I winked at him and said, 'You get what you pay for.' Then I said I hadn't quite undergone
He sat up and glanced around the club and, trying to see through the neon and flashing lights, said, "Uh, they have a bathroom around here?"
you're going to paint my toenails. I think hotrod red would look nice. You're going to make me a sandwich that would make Dagwood Bumstead come in his pants—"
Pepper hesitated for only a second before she said, "That's not really important."
Tony picked his own glass up. "Here's mud in your eye," he said and held his glass out. "Haven't heard that one in a long time," Steve said and clinked his glass with Tony's. "See? Don't say I don't make an effort to understand your antiquated ways."
And he
He left the bedroom and went down the stairs to the living area where he found Steve sitting on the couch, sharp gaze focused on the tablet he held in his hand. Tony stopped and eyed him over a moment. He'd assumed Steve would either be sleeping on the couch or maybe even sleeping down in his old quarters.
Welch shrugged, but he pushed himself to his feet. "I would just…be careful if I were you. The craziest ones weren't Hydra at all."
Jesus, even
Steve went a little pale, and he swallowed and stuttered out, "You, uh, you saw that?"
"I don't age!" he snapped, his anger and frustration that had built over the last day reaching a breaking point. "I can't age! I haven't aged since this—" he motioned to himself, "—was done to me."
Right?
Goddamn it, that still hurt.
Steve grinned at him. "Again, modest fella."
"Stark," he said, his voice gravelly and disgustingly matter-of-fact. "I killed him."
It was a bedroom. The early morning light — not sunlight, just daylight — shone into the room, and Steve was able to make out a pretty nice bedroom. He was lying in the biggest bed he'd ever seen (even if he and the person cuddled up against him were only taking up maybe a quarter of it total), and there was a dresser with a large mirror over it to the side, a bureau catty-corner to the bed, a nightstand on either side of the bed, and, weirdest of all, some black rectangular thing directly ahead of the bed. Steve squinted his eyes as he peered at it. What in the hell was that?
Four ounces? You really think those four ounces make a difference. Do you know
Honestly, he'd just assumed it was a given. What, were they going to drive off, leaving him on the side of the road to find his own way? The guy was functional, but he sure as fuck needed a lot of help to get back to
the one that gets the hate—"
"Look, if it gets to be too bad, we'll just tell them the truth."
Steve gave him a pointed look, and Tony huffed and rolled his eyes. "OK, look, it's— I'm used to it, OK? I have lifts—"
Olivia's eyes went wide, and she shrank back at his tone and demeanor, clearly unaccustomed to so much venom being directed at her from someone with such a familiar face.
Tony heaved out a breath. "We'll have the villagers storming the castle."
"Not exactly," Tony said, tilting his head back and forth like he was weighing his response. "She, uh, she kind of has it in her head that Steve and I are 'soul mates—'" he used finger quotes on the phrase, "—and she thinks that, as 'soul mates,' Steve and I are supposed to be fruitful and multiply or some shit like that.
"I think they're more than friends if she's having his kid."
Wilson and Barnes and Rhodey all exchanged looks before they all shrugged their agreement and said various forms of 'Yeah.'
Tony groaned and sank back against the pillows. "Sometimes, I wish you didn't know how to read."
But that didn't mean he wanted to
"Disrupt order," Hill said, "cause chaos, take over the world."
"She seemed to be under the impression that she was."
Again, Tony filed that away for future reference then said to Barton, "I don't think someone whose resting face looks like they're contemplating murder is in any position to talk about being miserable."
worked up. And knowing Bruce hadn't gotten himself
"Scavenger hunt for the press?"
projects."
"Uh, they have been developed through
To be perfectly honest, he wasn't sure
Tony hummed then said, "Repulsed?"
Steve made a 'hmm' sound and put an arm around his shoulders to pull him into a half-embrace. "I know," he said and smacked a kiss to Tony's forehead, "and I look forward to it."
But not before the yutz got in a good shot at his hip.
Tony rolled his eyes, but Sharon looked down and smiled at him, warmly, almost like she was happy to hear that and said, "Got him wrapped around your finger, don't you?"
"Ah, yes, the Midgardian tradition of entwining the marital bonds. I've heard fascinating things about it, and I've long been looking forward to attending one of these magnificent ceremonies," Thor said and looked pleased-as-punch at the very thought of it.
She turned back to him, her brown eyes wide in confusion and a little fear. "Unca Bruce, all my stuff's gone! That man took my stuff!"
Tony winced back from him. "I think I'm enough of an ass
"Mister—
it to be real, wanted it so much to be real because if it wasn't? If it didn't happen? If he had gotten a taste of something that he might actually have fantasized about deep down once or twice and realized how much he really wanted it — or maybe
Tony rolled his eyes and fired off a repulsor blast at another goon that was trying to make a break for it. "Yeah, yeah, we're good."
"Nah, I can't—"
"Yes, and quite a substantial one," she replied, looking solemn and a little sympathetic. "You can understand what's happening to you but still be in denial that it's happening or keep hoping that you'll wake up one morning and it won't be there and everything will have gone back to normal. As I understand it from Bruce, this is…not something that can be terminated. It has to follow its natural course, and I'm not sure that you've actually accepted that this event is happening to you."
"Not even a hint?"
"Not illegal, babe. And, technically, you're not in the service anymore." He motioned at the phone.
"About what?" he asked and hoped it didn't sound as wary to Tony's ear as it did to his own.
"My asshole husband tried to contact me any more?"
"Lab," they both said in unison then turned to each other in surprise. Tony then started to say, "I said I would show him—" while Steve said, "Tony said he wanted to show me—" and they turned to each other in surprise again as Natasha said, "Maybe there's something to this 'soul mate' business after all?"
"Yeah," she said and scraped up the rest of her mac and cheese with her spoon. "Papa, c'n I go stay with Anna Tasha and Unca Bucky, too?"
"Disgusted? Revolted? Nauseated? Appalled?"
There was a brief pause, and Tony would argue it was JARVIS trying to decide how to best break the news to him.
Steve just nodded, and he turned and finally left the room and headed down the stairs.
Tony was in the kitchen, cursing to himself in his attempt to master the art of baking Christmas cookies. Because clearly if he could build an armored suit in a cave and give birth under less than ideal circumstances, surely he should be able to produce a batch of Christmas cutouts.
"I know it's crazy and insane and impractical and impossible, but think about it. It's a kid we made. We did this. A kid with our genes—"
"Hey, for all you know he's a real jerk in real life. Maybe he's a sexist prick? He's from the forties."
"OK, fine, tall
"Sweet! Bagels!" Barton said as he bounded into the kitchen, Thor at his heels. Both took seats at the island and began to fight over the bagels and the various plain and flavored cream cheeses, and Tony rolled his eyes while Steve pressed a kiss to the crown of his head.
Rhodey just shook his head and said, "I'm not saying a word," while Barnes stared at Tony a moment then looked to Steve and then back again to Tony. He turned to Wilson and said, "Wait, isn't that exactly how—?"
thinking about then or ever), and then made Barnes and Wilson help him light the candles and then the sparklers so they would all burn relatively evenly before going out or being blown out.
"OK, maybe you shouldn't hang on
Tony made it back to New York long before the others did, and he sequestered himself in his lab and began to play with upgrades and specs and other things the team would need.
"Santa," Tony said and took another bite of his bagel, completely unbothered by the remnants of Olivia's slobber on it.
He groaned and rolled his eyes. "You know what I mean! She was talking about things—"
"I take that as a compliment," Natasha said took a sip of what Tony assumed was wine. He motioned to Hill. "Cold and impersonal."
Steve considered him a moment, standing there in a gray pair of boxer briefs and a tight, tight undershirt. He tilted his head in thought and said, "Are you sure?"
Tony raised an eyebrow and met Steve's gaze when he pulled away. "You're not grossed out by this?"
"No! Not if you're going to hurt yourself." And then he rubbed the back of his neck and said, "I mean, maybe I'd want to watch you…
He shrugged but didn't lessen his hold on Tony's wrists any, and Tony began to wonder if there was something to what Natasha had been saying about him being Steve's anchor to the present. "Might be fun?" he said and opened his eyes, meeting Tony's gaze.
"Merry Christmas."
Bruce ignored him and continued on with his point. "You've got to admit it's raising a lot of eyebrows, and with good reason. Tony disappears, and suddenly you're out with someone that was also spotted getting manicures with Nat yesterday."
Barton cracked open the bottle of water. "Whatcha doin'?"
"You've never met the guy. I don't think he's had an impure thought in his life."
Tony hummed and said, "More generous than saying a gigantic waste of time."
Steve huffed out an exhale of breath and said a quiet and very reluctant, "
"Uh… I guess… We haven't actually
Tony made a pained face. "Again, seriously, that hurts more than you can ever imagine, and you'd better hope nothing like this ever happens to me because I can be a real prick." Again, Steve didn't move a muscle, so Tony continued. "I already knew about this. You told me a while ago that it had happened. Of course, it wasn't until
"And Hydra?"
"Sorry, kid," he said and began to walk into the kitchen, "we don't have any."
For the next hour or so, Olivia contented herself flipping through the stations, becoming bored with her selections almost as easily as she was able to select them. Tony bookmarked more of the necessities he might need if he was really going to do this — clothing, the proper foods, toys — and he was just contemplating a 'my first chemistry set' when he heard the elevator open again, and he sighed and said, "Nope, Brucie, still haven't changed my mind."
"Yeah, you know how he looks at anything that's not all sunshine and roses as some sort of wartime battle plan to be figured out? His whole thing now is keeping me in perfect health. He didn't even want me going out in the suit until I reminded him that not only am I safer in that tin can than he is in his flimsy little polymer but that I
Tony rolled his eyes. "You don't even know what kind of furniture I'm talking about!"
. He wanted so much to love her, for it to be easy for him to love her. He wanted to feel
"I'm glad to hear that," Steve said very seriously. And he was. He knew how much Tony loved being Iron Man and loved the freedom and the power and the reverence that came with it. Honestly, he couldn't blame him for it. But he felt equal parts relief and a swell of pride at the fact that Tony would willingly and gladly choose their child over the status that Iron Man provided.
"And use those exact words, J," he said. "It's the only fucking he's going to be getting for a while."
Cap closed his mouth and nodded some, and Tony swore he saw a slight rose tinge come over the tips of his ears and the apples of his cheeks, like he was embarrassed but was trying to hide it.
Steve then leaned forward and ducked his head to take a bite of the slice of bacon Tony didn't even realize he had to guard, and as he crunched on it, Tony glared at him and said, "Really?"
Steve judged it to be a girl from the color of the sleeper she was dressed in. Her eyes, large and brown, lit up as soon as he stepped into the room, and she let go of the railing then bent down to the mattress beneath her and picked something up, a weird-shaped stuffed animal of some kind, half-blue and half-red. She stood back up and, one arm around the animal, reached out her free hand and said, "Daddy!"
What can I do for
…he guess was the word he'd use, and he'd once naively thought the serum would fix him and
Hill just frowned at him, and Bruce said, sounding not-too-impressed by his reasoning, "Oh, you and Steve are soul mates now?"
"Do I have a choice?" he murmured and reached down to brush his hand over top of the baby's head. Fuck Barnes, she was beautiful. She could definitely do with a bath, sure, but she was beautiful — scrunched-up face and fisted hands and wrinkled skin and all — and right now, the only thing Tony wanted to do was see her and hold her. She wasn't… But she was still his.
He winced away from the jabs and thought about rubbing his bruised sternum but fought the urge. "But it's
She smiled and held out her hands as though to motion to them. "I came to check up on you, to see how you're faring. Oh, she is beautiful, Captain. Such a lucky man you are. Both mother and daughter are so very lovely."
"We're still engaged," Steve said. "How 'bout just fiancé?"
to have you." And then, he made like he was whispering to the 'bot in a conspiratorial manner. "He thinks you're amazing. He just doesn't want you to get too large an ego. He's afraid you'll let it go all to your head if he tells you how wonderful and smart he thinks you really are."
shouldn't have a lot of caffeine."
"Well, we're not going now," Steve said, giving him a sideways glance for only a moment before his concentration was back on the road ahead of him.
for his suit in his body. He could take a fucking syringe that was…filling up rather rapidly with his blood now that Bruce had removed the band from his arm. He glanced over at the line of tubes that had yet to be filled, and he looked back at Bruce again and said, "Seriously, how much blood do you plan on draining from me?"
"Try me, big fella," he said with a lusty growl that…he totally didn't intend to sound so wickedly depraved.
"What does it matter? You didn't want to know. I didn't tell you."
He did as ordered, sucking, hollowing his cheeks, rubbing his tongue against the underside of Steve's cock, against the thick vein that was there, his eyes never leaving Steve's, not even those moments that Steve got a little ahead of himself and pushed a little too hard and a little too deep, not even as tears sprang to his eyes as he attempted to stifle his gag reflex — not until his body became too lulled by the rhythm, by his own sucking and Steve's gentle thrusts that he let his eyes fall closed and lost himself in the feeling and motion, something so comfortable and familiar and
Pepper's eyes went comically wide, and Tony saw three empty glasses by her left hand. Evidently, she was far from her first cocktail of the night. "
the sort of thinking he wanted to succumb to at that moment in time. God almighty, sometimes he wished he could turn his brain
Pepper looked up at him and arched an eyebrow herself. "
Tony's vision went a little blurry at that, and he muttered a choked, "
"Nothing."
"Confusing. I—" He lowered his gaze but couldn't stop the flush slowly spreading over his cheeks. "I guess it still boggles my mind that this— that
Tony snorted a laugh. "You gonna put 'Tony Stark' for the mother?"
Steve, at that moment, was holding his entire world in his arms. He broke the kiss but pecked a few against Steve's lips then pulled back and frowned, Steve's hand sliding down to rest at his lower back. "Steve?"
Tony gawked at him, mouth open as he took in the reality of what Steve was saying to him. "Wait, you… Are you afraid I might at some point like Barnes better than you if I talk to him?"
"Hey, string bean, what are you doing up?" he asked and looked around for a clock to see how long he'd been caught up in his work.
God, this didn't make any sense. Visitors from other realms, dead super soldiers coming back to life, unassuming scientists that could turn into giant, green rage monsters, portals to other worlds. He could accept that. He could deal with that. He could work his mind around those things. He could figure them out. This? This he couldn't figure out for the life of him. It didn't make sense. It was wrong.
"I was talking about the pregnancy."
"Sure," she said, warmed by the offer, and after a slight bit of juggling, Hill took the baby into her arms and rocked her ever-so-gently, cooing at her and smiling at her while Bruce helped Tony slip into what was indeed some kind of mesh underwear and a gigantic maxi-pad, and he settled back into the bed and sat on the icepack as Bruce had suggested, grimacing a little as he once again decided that making this whole thing and painful and as overall awful as it had been was a
"Tony, we have a problem," she said while he went over to his workstation and brought up his computer.
"Well, it depends on how you're using 'suck' and 'sucker,' but I know the way you mean, and I don't— I don't know if the world is ready to hear Captain America say something 'sucks.'"
"How?"
," Natasha said. "
"Yeah, you are," Barton said into his drink.
"Maybe she wasn't hungry five minutes ago," Steve said with a shrug.
"I must concur with my brothers in avenging," Thor cut in, and holy fuck,
Tony just sighed and waved him off tiredly, like he couldn't be bothered to fight any longer. "Whatever," he muttered, but Steve was staring at him, funny, a little awed and a little bemused and even a little unsure. He winced away from the look and blinked and said, "What?"
Steve folded his arms, planting his feet at parade rest and tilting his head forward some as though he was glaring at Tony over a pair of non-existent glasses. He didn't say a word, but he didn't have to. Tony knew exactly what the intent was, and he took a breath and let it out and glanced away from Steve's guilt-inducing glare.
imagine the things they'll say about me, and, look, whatever, they can say whatever they want about
to be fucking kidding me!"
from getting this, either."
"That's some iron-clad logic you've got there, Barton," Tony said, and Barnes sat back and put his hands up in defense.
"The Goddess Esmeralda is a…unique creature," Thor said as he settled himself onto the couch in the penthouse's living area. "I think perhaps the term you may use for her is 'naïve.' She sees the universe in a very simple way, and she has really but one purpose and quest in her existence. I offer my sincerest apologies, for you were caught in the middle of what she presumed was her business with me."
"For what?" he asked, his voice soothing and gentle.
of several. Fuck, Space Crazy wouldn't do this to him
"Really?" Steve asked, and Tony glanced up and smiled at the smirk he saw staring down at him. "Thought I'd come see what you were getting yourself into."
He started to pull his eyes away to go about his dressing, but they stayed glued to the prominent curves on display through the gown — the curve of his belly and the swell of his breasts.
of a human being. God, like— When the public finds out that I'm back to this and if they were somehow to find out that you or the others sincerely or unironically are calling me 'mommy'—" he snorted a laugh, "—my god, I can't— I mean I
He crumpled up the note, scowled angrily at the coffeemaker, then opened up the warm oven and saw a plate of scrambled eggs with bacon and toast. He grabbed a dishtowel from off the kitchen island and pulled the plate out, and he set it down and hit the door with his hip to close it. There was another yellow sticky attached to the fridge, and we went over and read it.
"Tony, I'm not going to ask you again.
Sam put both hands up as his defense. "Hey, you got an issue with the name, talk to Clint."
"Wasn't it?" He led him over to the elevator, and Barton called out to him from the 'jet, "Hey, you want us to cart the armor off or you want to leave it here?"
Bruce continued to shuffle about his station, but he said, "Didn't I hear you and Steve were discussing names?"
"Bear a child? Yeah, unless Thor's full of shit and her hexes aren't that powerful. The fact that I'm currently sitting here with tits and a vagina, however, seems to say otherwise."
"What? No, I'm fine. Don't get Bruce. I don't need him yet. Besides, what about Doctor—"
But then Nick Fury had broken into a house that was now at the bottom of an ocean and said he wanted to talk to him about something called the 'Avengers Initiative.' He'd listened, laughed it off, and said it wasn't worth his time. Besides, he worked better alone. Why the hell would he want to join some stupid super-secret boy band? What could he possibly gain from that experience? He was Iron Man, and Iron Man didn't have a sidekick let alone a bunch of hangers- on that would just slow him down.
wanted, right?"
Steve was silent a moment before he very quietly said, "
"I don't think you can buy a presidential election, Tony. Besides, there isn't another one of those for a couple years."
"Yes, I did."
Tony scowled because, honestly, the more Steve questioned him, the more ridiculous he sounded and the more his defense deflated.
He didn't bother to acknowledge him. He just lay there curled up on his side, the little monster inside of him doing his evening workout, though, like before, he did find something almost comforting about the movements — almost as though, if nothing else, at least he had this.
"He is a good man," the witch said, almost as though she dared any of the Council to speak out against him.
"We could have it two nights in a row," Steve said with a shrug, hand still out for Tony.
I could have removed the spell! But I cannot remove it now. The deed is done. The conception has occurred. It's out of my hands." And, to prove her point, she made a dismissive wiping motion with her hands.
He went over to the parlor and stopped in the doorway, leaning his weight against the molding, arms folded and head tilted as he watched Tony, with his back to him, point something at one of those wall rectangles. Colorful images flashed before his eyes, sound cutting in and out as the images changed. It reminded him of that television transmission he'd seen at the World's Fair several years ago, except this was in color, was clear as a bell, and had a strange aspect ratio.
"God," Tony groaned and twisted just a little to get Natasha to hit a prime spot in his back. "Please don't tell me they expect us to fix that, too."
But Barnes just eyed Tony over in more confusion and said, "That's not a fella."
"I did. Eventually. I… Some of the things I said I wanted to do to you—"
The man with the flecks of gray at his temples just snorted a laugh and scratched at his chest — Steve saw the remnants of odd-shaped surgical scars there — before he stretched his arms out above his head, his movements lithe and almost cat-like as he yawned and forced the sleep from his body. Something inside Steve itched to reach out and touch that body, run a hand down the firm muscles of his torso, put an arm around his waist and pull him tight against him, run his hands through that messy, dark hair and capture those lips with his own and—
He was halfway through the dawn-lighted room, the ceiling lights on low, before he realized there was something amiss — or better, someone fucking
Yep. It was an exam room.
his Tony in any way, shape, or form.
Even Barnes seemed to wince at that. But Steve, champ that he was, just blinked and said, "For saying I'm sorry?"
"You mean what day I was I born?"
"Just because you're old and crotchety and single and childless doesn't mean you have to rain on their parade," Natasha said, a hint of a tease in her voice.
"No, I just… It's hard to explain."
Steve turned, and he must have looked like hell because Tony's face immediately contorted in concern, and he said, "Babe? What's wrong? What happened?"
Tony nodded. "Well, can't blame him for anything then."
"You tell me. You're the one reading all that pregnancy shit. My
"Louise," Tony finished for him.
God, he loved his family.
," Steve said. "Could be adopted; could be a surrogate—"
Clint saluted him and said, "Aye-aye, Capt'in. Permission to take a five-minute breather?"
"Tell 'em money's no object."
happen, and it didn't crash and burn horrifically like all this other relationships had…that was just a little too much to bear. Because evidently that Tony Stark had been a much better person than he had been, and that Tony Stark had deserved happiness. Deserved a husband that loved him. Deserved a daughter that worshiped the very ground he walked on—
Her face folded into affront as she hung on to DUM-E, leaning off him and using him to counterweight the balance. "But Unca Bruce is watchin' me!"
He found it and secured the belt. Strange having to wear a belt in a car. Not that he'd been in very many cars in his lifetime, but he'd never had to strap himself into one.
Steve's eyes narrowed in suspicion at Tony's last comment. Just what did that mean? Was it a code of some kind? And he knew Hydra was pure evil, but to involve a child in whatever insane gag they'd cooked up for him? That was taking the ruse just a little too far.
"Hey! Tony, hey!" Steve said, and Tony blinked and shook his head and only then realized that he was literally shaking — with fear, with anger, with desire, he didn't know. He clutched at the edge of the tabletop and took a sharp intake of breath to calm himself, and Steve said, "Honey, it's OK. It's…OK. We'll deal with what happens as it comes. Just… It's OK. I understand. I want— I want that, too. I want what I saw that Christmas. I want hot chocolate and presents and Captain America and Iron Man pajamas—"
" he hissed as he looked down to see himself half-hard, even with a wet lap of liquid chocolate. He cringed and tried to sit so his arousal wasn't that obvious, but somehow, Tony happened to come back into the room just as Steve had positioned himself to make his arousal
Esmeralda looked around the room, almost like she was considering it, before she said, "A child would make such a lovely gift this time of year, don't you think?"
"—and I don't want her first word to be something like—"
are my new favorite. I hope Wilson doesn't mind being replaced."
Oh, god, did Tony know—? Had he been that obvious? He hadn't said anything he shouldn't have, had he? Told Tony how good he smelled? How swell he looked? That he loved him?
," Bucky said. "
got going on—" He made a hand-wavy motion at Tony and the general direction Steve was probably in at that, "—I don't want any of that. That's your thing, not mine. I wish you luck and happiness, but—"
He gave a slight shake of his head. "I'm not just saying that. I do love it, Tony. Thank you."
He cleared his throat and said, "Hey, Cap, you mind if I ask you a question?"
"You know, you're going to miss us when we're gone," Bruce said and disconnected the final vial. He set it aside then grabbed a cotton ball and pressed it over where the needle was inserted into his skin, pulling the needle out and setting it aside before he grabbed the medical tape and tore off a piece with his teeth.
," he stressed.
"It's kind of what you said," Natasha said with a shrug. "Sorry. You can probably blame the hormones for it, though."
Jeez, Steve was more far gone than he thought if he was under the belief that there was an actual exchange of words going on between him and Barnes and not just Steve talking constantly to fill up any and all awkward silences.
Though, to be honest, the worst he'd dealt with on the street since the press conference was some middle-aged asshole asking, "Your tits real?" with his hands close enough that it was like he wanted to get a feel of them just to confirm. He'd wanted to snap back some pithy, condescending comment, but he couldn't think of one fast enough, and besides, Steve-the-Killjoy had been there to pull him away before he could get himself into any trouble.
"Like May-December romances?" Tony asked and shot him a look before he went back to sorting the gifts of various sizes and wrapping configurations.
"Can't look. Cutting."
He shook his head some and got into the car, tossing his bag onto the passenger seat and closing the door before he started up the car and maneuvered it out of the spot.
"Is this really worse than being held captive in a cave in Afghanistan?" Natasha asked, and Tony knew it was her way of trying to give him some kind of perspective on what was happening to him, but no, just—
"Well?"
"Why? What does he call you?"
turned me into a woman.
Jesus Christ,
"It bears repeating. That's a terrible thing to say, and you should be ashamed of yourself."
"Hey, Brucie!" Tony said with a nervous laugh and scratched at the back of his head. "Yeah, sorry, forgot you were on your way—"
"Although it's giving me some ideas," Steve murmured, and Tony shot him a look just as Steve glanced over to him rather sheepishly. "I mean," he added, "if you wanna." Tony hummed in thought and said, "You really like dominating me, don't you?"
Tony just squeezed his legs tighter because his body didn't seem to realize that it was a very inopportune time to be turned on by his mate.
Huh. Maybe
He clenched his teeth to keep from embarrassing himself any more than he already had, and he swallowed and nodded just as he felt Steve put a light hand on his forearm.
Rhodey began to choke on something, and as Bruce thumped him on the back a couple times, Tony thinned his lips into a flat line and pulled the waffle off the iron before he set it down in front of Bruce.
Tony shrugged. "Tough. You agreed, and no one's ever going to refer to us that way
shoes in
just been informed that the man he was supposed to be putting up at his place was the man that had murdered his parents — his
Wilson snorted a laugh and relaxed back in his chair. "He wouldn't be able to."
"Look, I'm just saying you've been fortunate in that your Fruit of the Looms have held up so far, but I really don't want to think about the day that you get that one pair that's just a
," Steve murmured as a warning.
our time together."
"Well, they usually aren't. I see your papa on there."
Tony shook his head. "Not telling. You gotta figure that out on your own. I know you can. You know how to Google. And if not, there's always JARVIS."
"Oh, yeah, I forgot I tacked that on," he said, but Steve just grinned and pulled Tony against him.
. She thought he would need someone to take care of him and pull him out of the trouble he always got himself into. She knew I couldn't do it forever, and she knew she couldn't do it forever." He looked at Tony. "Boy, she would have loved you."
Steve just laughed a little, and he pressed a kiss to the crown of Tony's head and said, "There's nothing wrong with crying, honey."
"Maybe he does shake his head?" he mused. "I don't know. Maybe he doesn't even remember."
"Where's the baby?" he asked, seemingly from out of nowhere, and Steve had definitely been taken aback by it, as he furrowed his brow and stuttered a few times then said, "Uh, her room — in her room. Sleeping. I thought maybe we could use a little time together to ourselves. You don't mind, do you?"
…circumstances, I'd like to make sure everything's as it should be."
Tony stared up at his murder-mug a moment before he finally sputtered, "How do you purportedly know so much about babies?"
"Are you even listening to me?"
Pepper sputtered out a few words before she finally said, "Why are you even carrying it to term?"
"What'd you get turned into?"
"Nah, don't worry about it," the guy said and tried to kiss him again, but Tony pulled away once more and said, "It's important."
didn't as the day passed without note, and when they climbed into bed that night, Steve was just about to turn out the light when he said, "Oh,
He held on tighter and cried into Natasha's shoulder, and Natasha went from murmuring words to singing them, a lullaby she had probably learned as a child, whether as a false memory or not. She rubbed his back and rocked him a little, and he stood there crying in her embrace until another one of those fucking pains overcame him, and he pulled away and braced against the workstation tabletop again, gritting his teeth and going through his calculations and doing everything he could to block out the pain or make it as small as he could.
Which was pointless because they weren't even in the fucking
"Where you pack that all away I'll never know."
"That is not how you do that."
He glanced up at Barton, who was busy looking at the folder of requests with Hill and Steve and said, "You're quoted in this."
team. The one he was still on. Because Steve could go fuck himself if he thought he was taking Iron Man away from him, too. He had no fucking autonomy over his own goddamned body, but he could still fucking be Iron Man, and damn Steve to hell for thinking he could take that away from him.
"About?" Tony asked, and Barton stared at him a moment before he began to laugh a little, kind of in a self-deprecating manner.
," that Tony even realized he'd shut his eyes to keep from seeing. To keep from being disappointed.
"Yeah. Wasn't sure if you'd want the pizza. But it looked like you'd already eaten by the time we got back, and I forgot to tell you it was in there if you wanted it."
"Um, why?" Tony asked, startled at the idea that Steve would not want to share a sketch with him. From the moment they'd started going out, Steve had shown him pretty much everything. He might have been hesitant, but he'd done it, and even now, he might hesitate a moment or so — Tony just assumed there was still a part of him that didn't think he was good enough — but he'd relent and show Tony what he'd sketched, and Tony would marvel at it and tell Steve how good it was because, seriously, Steve was fucking good. He really had a knack for more artistic endeavors, and a couple times now Tony had told him that if he ever got tired of the whole Avengering business that he could definitely go into art.
me! I've been turned into a woman and forced into a pregnancy that, if I try to terminate, will kill me because some vestal virgin sniffed out that I have a bondmate of some kind and she just loves to fuck with people that have bondmates, which is a concept I think is completely bullshit. I don't have a choice in this matter. Don't fucking take away my choice to be Iron Man, too."
Hopefully, that person wouldn't laugh in his face, though.
Though, weirdly, he could still sort of taste that morning's muesli, which…didn't really make any sense, and he really didn't want to think about what that could possibly mean — if anything.
"Really?" Steve asked, sounding surprised as he pulled away to better look at him.
"Yeah? I'll kill him myself if he ever pulls this shit again."
Tony yawned and nestled against Steve, but he seemed to remember pretty quickly that he wasn't where he was used to waking up, and he sat up a little and met Steve's eyes, confusion turning into realization rather quickly. He blinked and looked around the room, and Steve swallowed and took a breath and waited for it, waited for the hammer to fall.
Natasha shrugged and said, "Why can't it be both?" before she popped the door to the driver's side and slid in behind the wheel.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck. "Yeah, Buck— Uh, Bucky told me about that. It was a little weird for him, too." He looked up at Tony. "But you seem to have worked past—"
Barton, however, just turned his attention to Natasha and motioned to the other table, "They get Thor, and we get Captain Tight-ass."
He shrugged and looked back down at the baby feeding from him, meeting her dark eyes as he took her tiny wrist between his thumb and forefinger, her tiny hand splayed over the flesh of his breast.
It wasn't, really, because Steve very gladly jumped into those conversations and would ask Rhodey to tell him everything about how Tony had been back in those days. And Rhodey would very gladly relay every and all embarrassing and awkward moments that he could remember, and Tony could not
Well, the hair was a little different. Longer. If he was remembering his Tony (
"Dude, Captain America was just spotted having dinner with a hot brunette last night—"
Because for whatever reason, he couldn't stop imaging the Cap that Olivia kept describing, and that Cap...
Yeah, that way lay danger.
"Yeah, yeah," Barnes said and waved off his concern with his free hand.
?" and Wilson asked, "Wait, who's a big
He rolled his eyes. "I know that, boo-bear. But I just… I don't know." He squawked out a laugh. "I don't know. I honestly don't fucking know." He laughed a little more and rubbed a hand over his face. "I mean, could it really…?"
That sure as hell was a feeling he wouldn't mind getting used to again.
"Yeah?" Tony said, suddenly and maybe irrationally annoyed with him. "Well, that's no excuse for trying to push it to its limits. What the hell were you thinking, Steve?" He looked up at Natasha and Bruce. "How far gone was he, really?"
Steve just shot him a
Tony scowled and moved to sit on the couch where Natasha had moved over to offer him a spot. "Nothing," he muttered but didn't look at anyone. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Hill and Natasha exchange looks, and he then felt Natasha put a gentle hand on his back and give it a few soothing strokes.
things about you guys there!"
"Nothing's wrong."
" came Nat's voice, and Steve heard a slight tinge of worry in it. "
Steve laughed a little and shook his head, and he took the proffered ball from DUM-E again and bounced it across the room one more time.
"Tony, honey, listen—"
"That. I need you to hold that, OK? It's a very important job. I don't need you to screw it up. Got me?"
Yes, very much so.
Steve just sighed while Tony relaxed into the jet's pilot's seat and began to ready for takeoff.
Tony stood up to get a better look as Rhodey added, "At least, according to her. Should she be doing that?"
couldn't do it, but
She just slid one hand from his shoulder down to his back and began to rub it in soft, soothing circles as she led him over to the elevator. "Hormones," she replied simply.
, don't ask. Not unless you want a rundown of how much the Dodgers suck for doing the smart thing and leaving Brooklyn in 1652 or whenever the hell it was."
"No," Steve replied and nodded his head at the digs that surrounded him. "I'm gonna poke around here for a bit. See what I've got."
I feel it. I
Steve let out a silent sigh and watched as Tony sat down at his computer and began to click and swipe at various things. It wasn't that he didn't want Tony's help, it was just…
the stench and sleaze of the club on him, so he stripped out of the rest of his clothes and jumped in the shower.
He shook his head a little and turned back to Tony. "No," he said. "No 'but.' It's... Thank you, Tony. I don't even know what I could even begin to give you in return."
"—and she constantly went on about who I think were her favorite aunt and uncle, which, yeah, we know Natasha, but who the hell is Buck—"
It was a quiet, simple affair with padded chairs and tables and magazines and a television in the corner that was airing some daytime cooking program. There were only about a handful of women at current, and of them, only maybe two of them were noticeably pregnant. The others were either not far enough along or just there for an annual gynecological exam.
Unless, of course, Tony Stark's 'family' had never cared much for him in the first place and was glad he was gone.
Barton snapped his fingers and pointed like it had suddenly occurred to him. "Dork. You're a dork."
Tony glanced to the phone and looked over the shitty photo with white block text stating something the meme-maker presumably felt to be witty about 'Jabba the Slut,' and Tony slapped his knife down on the table and glared at Barton. Steve, his gaze never leaving the paper in front of him, said, casual, like he was just musing aloud, "You know, Buck's a pretty good shot. He was our sniper."
"Steven,
"Tony—"
Tony's lips twitched into a bemused smile. "Did you just say you wanted to deck Barnes for humming a song?"
Once the doors had closed, Steve just gave him a
"To?"
"No, think there's a little more to it than that."
He let his gaze linger over the cake, watching each of the tiny flames flicker, small beads of wax dripping down them and onto the icing, and with his friends — his family — surrounding him and the world at large seemingly at peace for once, he took a breath and made exactly one wish—
The guy just grinned at him and pushed even closer. If Tony was being honest, the guy was practically dry-humping his hip.
They both jumped, startled by the appearance of a third voice, and they clamped their mouths shut and turned to face the intrusion. Sam and Bucky, an armload of presents each, stood just on the penthouse side of the elevator, staring at him and Tony. Sam's eyebrow was arched in annoyance while Bucky merely shook his head before he rolled his eyes in an exaggerated motion and scowled.
— twenty years earlier. He thought he was allowed
excellent health and should see him through the rest of his pregnancy with no issue."
"Hmm...you know, you're making that sound better by the minute," Tony said but still didn't look at Thor, and Steve found himself suddenly distracted by the baby, who had finished her bottle and was fussing a little, so he missed what Thor and Tony next said to each other, instead putting his concentration on setting the bottle on the table and patting her back until she let out a tiny and satisfied burp.
Steve couldn't help but grin. And again, Tony had remembered. Then again, Steve wasn't sure Tony was the type to ever forget.
Unless he could put her down for a nap and then hope Tony was done with his baking project by the time she woke up. Or one of the other Avengers showed up so he could con them into guilt them into encourage them to develop some much-desired life skills.
"The fuck I can't. He spent seventy goddamned years as the Winter Soldier. Steve seems to think he can go right on back to being
Arms resting on the table and holding the slice of pizza over her plate, she nodded a little shyly and said, "Yeah," in the most bashful way that Tony didn't think she was capable of.
"I understand," Thor said, jovially and good-naturedly and yet somehow with the kind of authority that spoke to his age and wisdom. "There are a great many things the people of Asgard and Midgard share in common, perhaps the most important of which being the bonds of family."
She groaned like that was the worst thing she'd ever heard. "Ugh, but
Tony frowned some. "Are you asking me if you should?" Then, before Steve knew what he was doing, Tony went up on his toes in order to look Steve dead in the eyes. He peered close, pressing nose-to-nose, and added, "So help me god, if this is some other galactic cosmonaut's idea of a fun prank, they're in for a world of pain if I ever get my hands on them."
," Steve muttered and pulled the clothes out of the bag and set them on the bed.
"You don't love me the way I love you."
She rolled her eyes. "Papa, you know
Pepper?" she repeated like it was the most offensive thing she'd ever heard, and the little girl looked up at her and said, "C'n we go to the toy store, An' Pepper? Daddy says 'm not allowed t' b'cause he doesn't want me t' be spoiled, but he doesn't hafta know."
He frowned and nestled his head some more against the pillow. Strange to think that, in some other time and place, Cap could denigrate his old pal Howard like that. He kind of wished he could meet that Cap and shake his hand...and maybe give him a kiss and a quick goose. Come on! The guy was gorgeous! How could he not? Plus...he had to say, he was starting to like this other Cap. Like
"Yeah? Well, you can be not sleepy tomorrow. Come on."
"My what?"
"He says it's
him something so evidently expensive and rare.
"Not about the projects," she said as he swiped through some screens and brought up some specs for… What was it he was looking into doing again? Steve's shield, wasn't it? Wasn't he thinking about putting in some magnetic relay so Steve wouldn't have to go and chase after the damned thing when he didn't swing it at the right angle for it to rappel back the right way? Fishing in the Potomac for it
"Kind of, yeah, but more than that, he'd lose the very weak grasp he has on reality."
"Uh, Steve and I could totally party it up like a couple of drunk college kids on spring break."
"Before any other crazy shit happens. Because I want to say we were married. Because yeah, OK, maybe there's a part of me that is more traditional than I'd like to admit I am, and maybe I don't want my kid born a bastard."
," one said after a moment, "
"Am I still sleeping on the couch tonight?"
She grinned a little and said, "Twenty-eighteen!"
Sure enough, the news station was playing the usual footage of some congressman walking through corridors while the host and guests debated over what this meant for any charges he might face and what his political future as well as the party's might be.
there."
He shrugged again, and Bruce turned to him and asked as though he was genuinely interested, "You flip houses?"
"So, it's my choice?"
Tony was stuck for anything to say because, honestly, he wasn't sure what he was going for with that admittedly bad crack, but at that moment, Wilson turned to Barnes and said, "Hey, aren't you older than Cap?"
The last of the hesitance left Steve's face, and he nodded his head toward the bathroom door. "Come on. Didn't you say you had to pee?"
"Great," Tony said, Steve's finger still over his lips, "hopefully that one doesn't look as shitty as the last one."
didn't tell her anything." He motioned over to the kid. "That little blabbermouth called her 'Aunt Pepper.'" He hunched back down, shoulders slumped, defeated even after his self-assured outburst. "Look, whatever, it is what it is. Pep and I were never going to work out—"
"Eh, can you make it two years?" Tony suggested. "That pool's a little larger to choose from. I mean, ten years, we're looking at my best buddy, who would totally do it, and my ex-girlfriend, who is a very important and busy CEO that's also on the other side of the country."
Wilson heaved up a box and shrugged. "No one wants to be bothered to cook the damned thing," he said, adjusting the box in his arms. "Why do you think I just spent two hundred dollars on this stuff?"
But Rhodey shook his head and said, "But I don't get— Why are you
"Look, I get that it's confusing," he said and wrapped loose arms around Steve's shoulders, "and I get that it's frustrating that I'm being kind of elusive with some of my answers." He rested his chin atop Steve's shoulder and continued talking, his breath warm and his odd facial hair scratching at Steve's neck. "And trust me, if I could tell you everything and not have it change anything, I would. We got a glimpse at a world where we didn't tell each other things, and trust me, it sucked. It was
"My cock barely contained by silky lace panties," he continued, barely noticing how Steve had already gotten the lace panties off and was working at the garter belt, "black—
Pepper ordered an espresso and got a lot less attitude for it, and as they stood at the counter and waited, a young woman in a tailored ensemble brushed past them, pausing for a moment when she realized that the CEO of Stark Industries was getting caffeine at a hole-in-the-wall in Brooklyn.
"Oh, shit," he muttered to himself then called out, "Olivia! Olivia, don't be like that! Your Papa, he…"
"It's not
"What, no published cases about men that are turned into women that get pregnant as women that get turned back into men that are still pregnant even as men? It's such a common occurrence, I don't understand why."
would find me attractive."
"Yeah? Bullshit. What's it about?"
"When everybody gets here," Tony grumbled and padded through the living room. "That had better be freshly-brewed coffee that I'm smelling!" he called back in Steve and Thor's general direction, but Steve knew the words had been intended solely for him.
good. Nice and well-fucked and begging for more."
"Steve, what the—"
Tony shrugged and swung Steve's arms a little. "I know. I don't think it's bad, whatever it is."
Both Pepper and Natasha put their orders in for one of those half-price cosmos, and Tony frowned and suddenly wished he'd thought twice about agreeing to come to someplace like this. He'd been dry for well over a year now, but he knew there would always be that urge in him to have just
...at communicating his feelings," she eventually murmured, her fingers starting up again. "I'm sure if they had awards for those sorts of things, he'd sweep the competition every year. He needs to make things right with Barnes. He failed him once; he can't allow himself to fail him again. But he needs you by his side to do it. He doesn't just want you to support him, he
He took this in, and he tweaked a smile and shrugged and said, "You don't have to—"
He rested a hip against the counter as he waited for his order to brew up, casually pulling out his phone and checking the headlines, spying at the couple over the gold metal rim of his glasses. The man was actually kind of good-looking. On the tall side, clearly, kind of lanky but with broad shoulders, probably in his early '40s, with dark hair and a neatly-groomed beard. The woman was attractive as well with long, dark hair and prominent cheekbones and a sharp nose that gave her more of a sophisticated, 'classic' beauty look. They were talking amongst themselves, the man checking something on his phone, the woman hunched into him and murmuring something to him as she brushed her fingers over the nape of his neck.
Tony blinked and frowned. "What?"
from an alternate universe."
"No one's going to murder us, Tony," he said, but he was making no effort to slow his walk.
Steve wanted to believe the best in people and in things. That belief had been tested, especially in the reveal that SHIELD had been infiltrated by Hydra pretty much from the start, but he knew deep down that Steve still trusted. He still saw good in the world. Tony was beginning to sense that Steve was starting to limit his belief in that 'good' to himself and his teammates, but he still saw some amount of good, and he still possessed some amount of optimism. Hydra would not get them because Steve would not let them. Because Steve trusted that he wouldn't let Hydra get them.
"She did," Bruce said with a sigh and rubbed his tired eyes beneath his glasses with his thumb and forefinger. "She did, Tony," he said and dropped his hand away. "And I know you— I know it's hard to admit, and I know it's hard to accept, especially with what's happened to you over the last twenty-four hours, but Steve's not coming home."
," he said, stuttering over the word.
"After everything you already ate?" Bruce asked, and Tony glanced up at him and stared daggers at him.
to do something nice for you," he grumbled and stuffed the last bite of toast into his mouth.
"Maybe."
their mothers."
Bruce raised an eyebrow. "How?"
Tony shrugged. "Not all of them, evidently."
Tony shrugged and bopped on back over to the stove to inspect the job Barnes was doing with the potatoes. He looked them over and said, "OK, you're good," and motioned for him to remove them from the heat. He turned back to the others and said, "How do you make a pie? I want to make a blueberry pie."
Bruce just stared at him. "Why, Tony? Why can't she be? Why isn't she?"
Tony choked out a cough, and Steve frowned and tilted his head.
And evidently one that he needed to wonder about no longer. He didn't doubt for an instant that Olivia had been conceived that first time he and Tony had done it after Tony had been turned into a woman. Unless there was something that space kook Esmeralda wasn't telling them and Olivia was really just a clone of some kind of Tony, then he knew for a fact he was her father. More than that, Tony was most definitely under the impression that Steve was the father, and if there were ever a shred of doubt in Tony's mind about that, then he would so vehemently argue for it whenever the occasion called for it. But Tony was not under the impression that anyone but Steve was the father of his baby girl, and he would go to his grave telling anyone and everyone that would listen that Steve had 'knocked him up,' and not a single one of their friend or acquaintances even doubted it.
Tony arched an eyebrow. "So, that's why you pretended to be an ass about it?"
"Yeah, you kind of did," she replied before Tony directed his attention away from them and back to his own table. As soon as he had, there was a loud eruption of laughter at the other table, and Barton said, "Huh," and nodded his head toward the other table. "Sounds like that's the 'fun table' over there."
Steve nodded, clutching the photo, and Tony patted his arm and said, "Come on. You can buy me dinner now. Hopefully, this kid isn't a vegetarian because we're totally finding a Shake Shack."
"Eh," he said with a shrug. "Could be worse. Could be a lot better, but could be worse." He frowned and tilted his head in thought. "Wanna get a cup of coffee?"
"Yeah!" she chirped and sat up on her knees. "They have the star in the middle and then the circles that go around it—" She drew this out on the tabletop with her index fingers. "I want those waffles."
He still went out with the team on the odd raid —
Steve let out a heavy breath. "Anthony Edward," he said, not even attempting to hide the disappointment in his voice.
"And you believe her?" Steve asked with a glance in his direction.
we have to — talk about, uh,
Steve wouldn't meet his gaze. "Nothing."
But he made some sly comments about asking Tony if he 'needed help' with the squirming toddler and did Tony 'even know what he was doing,' which, after the 'heels' comment, did not impress Tony, who just motioned to the child and said, "You think
"Future MIT Grad," Steve said with a sigh.
The table went deathly quiet at that, and after a few moments of silence, Tony tweaked a smile and said, "Awkward conversation and painful silences? Yep. Feels like Christmas."
"OK, when it turns out
— the
"Don't laugh! I'm serious. You are too gorgeous for words. Yeah, Thor's a hunk, sure, but you are just too beautiful for words. And I don't think it's vain to accept that I myself make for a very attractive woman. And even now, looking like this? I'm glowing. I can tell I'm glowing. Stop laughing and listen to me!"
"And again with the 'L's," he murmured and stuck a slice of bread in the toaster. He turned his attention back to the pan and saw the butter was melted, and he took a breath and said, "Please be better than Pepper's. Please be better than Pepper's. Please be better than Pepper's," and cracked an egg into the pan. He seasoned it and began to scramble it up, and he grimaced a little as he tried to judge when it would be done. Was it already done? Was anything still running? Was it firm enough? He didn't want to feed some other Tony's kid undercooked eggs. Fuck, if she got sick, that other Tony would probably repulsor the shit out of him when he found out.
An honest-to-god sob that began deep in his chest and came sputtering out in a pathetic blubber, and even through his tears, he could see Steve's absolutely wrecked and horrified expression, and he watched as Steve panicked and fought to get away from him, muttering, "I'm sorry," over and over again.
But Barnes turned to him and gave him that look of muddled and distant confusion as he said, "I thought you had a fella now."
He kept the contact for a moment before he broke away with a disgusted shake of his head and got to his feet. Tony righted the suit and stood beside him, and he put a hand to Steve's shoulder and gave it a squeeze as he said, "He'll find you. When he's ready, he'll come find you."
He shucked his clothes on the way to his bedroom to grab his uniform, passing by the landline phone next the couch. The little red light was blinking, and he fought the urge to smirk and mutter that there was nothing wrong with a thirty-something-year-old man having a landline in this day and age. It came in handy every so often.
"I'm fine, Tony," Steve said, a little slurry, as Tony put a gentle hand to his face and brushed his thumb over Steve's bottom lip.
"Well, I did marry the guy."
Bruce and Rhodey exchanged glances before they turned their attention back to him.
"Well, it's not," Tony said and swiped at a screen to read over the next page. "And they should be nervous. Anything happens to me, Captain America is the rightful owner of Stark Industries. It's in my will— I think it's in my will. J?" he called out and glanced up at the— Oh, for the love of— "I ever get my will amended?"
"Anyway," he continued, "my point is there are certain risks that come from being an Avenger, and getting mixed up with screwballs from the cosmos that can literally transform your body is one of those risks."
, Steve!"
"Yeah? What's mine?"
"And what's your birthdate?"
Olivia frowned a little. "Unca Rhodey, are ya leavin'?"
Steve just laughed, evidently understanding Tony's frustration. "What?" he asked again.
"Yeah," he replied, "but if I hadn't believed it myself, I wouldn't have agreed."
Steve twisted a bemused smile at Tony but couldn't find it in him to argue against what Wilson was saying. He didn't have the experience to know whether or not he — or future him — and Tony were 'codependent' on each other, but from what he'd been able to glean, it wasn't an unfair assumption to make. At least, if 'codependent' meant what he figured it meant.
Steve felt as though all the air had been sucked out of the car. Tony flexed his hands around the steering wheel, and Steve began to wonder if maybe, just maybe, this wasn't a Hydra plot after all.
"What?" Romanoff said and looked from the screen to Barton, but Barton just looked at Bruce and said, "
"Meaning?"
"Yeah, you…and Wilson? Uh, does this museum know it put
Bruce shrugged, smiling sheepishly at him as he did so. "Maybe the penthouse is just homier or something?"
Tony looked a little confused and glanced around. "Uh…date? You said your shift ended at midnight."
. I just mean…not a little super soldier."
Tony inhaled and exhaled a breath through his nose as he watched the Cap tear at some paper napkins, slowly and methodically and in even pieces. There was something dark about that action, something that spoke to Tony about anger and control issues, and could he blame the guy? His entire life had been taken away from him, and he'd been forced into this other life he'd never asked for.
He'd had every intention of defending Tony's honor, but Tony had just put a hand to his arm and shook his head as though to say it wasn't worth it.
, all right? And I'd hate you try to be something you're not."
"So, the serum is an unknown quantity in this equation," the doctor said but didn't type anything down. "It could have no effect, or it could have a great deal of effect." She nodded her understanding then said, "I think that might be something you should ask Bruce to look into — for your own information as well as your own safety."
"For?"
"Hey, you didn't really name this weirdo your daughter's godfather, did you?"
"Oh, come on!" he said and struggled a bit to sit up some. "She doesn't bite. Yet."
Now, he couldn't imagine his life without them.
"No," Pepper admitted in defeat. "But I can't tell them you're in a coma. They'll want
Steve came down the steps that early afternoon of the appointment looking like he'd just come back from a frat boy beer kegger, backwards ball cap, baggy jeans, college hoodie (MIT, of course), those stupid horn-rimmed glasses, and goofy smile as he laughed and said, "What?" to Tony's jaw-dropped horror and mortification.
Tony put the glass to his lips and tipped it back, letting the liquid flow back into his mouth. He closed his eyes before he felt it hit his tongue, and the moment it did, he braced for disgust but was surprised to find instead that it…honestly wasn't that bad. Nothing he'd make a habit of drinking, but not the complete abomination he'd been expecting.
Jesus fuck, did he
The sly, sarcastic, self-righteous, stubborn, sneak that lay underneath all that height and muscle.
"Not your fucking apartment, Barton!" Tony called back to him. "You go down to your floor, I'm sure you'll find it's all on the same level."
He looked over and met Natasha's curious and unsure gaze, and he tweaked a small smile at her and shook his head. "Nothing."
So, the gown had shown up after Natasha had informed Bruce of this newest development, and Tony had slipped into it, Natasha helping to tie it in the back for him while Bruce and Barnes averted their gazes and DUM-E quietly mopped up the small puddle Tony had left on the floor.
Bucky nodded and made a 'there you go' motion at Steve. Steve just shook his head. "What's the point of all this?"
"I can only imagine," he muttered then turned back to his daughter. "No, I don't have amnesia, but, uh, just tell me what you know about it."
"Can't. Don't Ask, Don't Tell is dead as a doornail, and according to the laws of the State of New York, we're very definitely married. Hell, even the Supreme Court says it's legal now nationwide. Yeah, there's a lot that's changed about society, babe. Some things you're going to love; other things…not so much."
"Yeah?"
The brat gasped a little. "Language, Papa!"
Happy?"
"You're a fucking billionaire," Barton muttered and dug into his cereal, but Tony just glared and bit into his bagel, ignoring the slight look of unease that had crossed Thor's face.
"Thanks. Not sure if Steve'll feel the same—"
He pulled back and looked Steve square in the eye, but he didn't pull his arms away from him. "Did you call me
He found himself feeling kind of antsy after that — he had neglected his morning run — and seeing how he was unable to sit still and wait for the cookies to bake, Tony told him to go do something because he was driving him nuts, and after stomaching what ended up being a few minutes of
you?"
"Tony,
"Maybe she's just a friend?"
"And if I had used them incorrectly?"
"What?"
He smiled a little. "I can admit when I'm wrong about things."
And Tony? Tony was crying. Not sobbing. Not wailing. But crying, lightly, for the first time in forever. Crying against Steve's chest and pressing his face into the solid and secure muscle he felt there, wetting his t-shirt and wrapping tight arms around Steve's narrow waist. He didn't know where the emotion came from, but loathe to let his guard down even that much, he snuffled some and said, "I'm crying, Steve. I'm fucking crying here! Look at what I've been reduced to!"
The elevator doors opened, and Tony stepped out into a dream. There were sprays of flowers decorating the room and candles of various sizes and shapes giving light to the darkness. Over by one of the floor-to-ceiling plate windows was a small table set for two, and beside it stood a nervous super soldier in a well-fitted navy blue suit, who was clearly trying to exude an aura of confidence and calm but had that look on his face like he wasn't quite sure he had done right.
Steve could not have looked any smugger if he tried. "You were saying?" he asked, cocky smirk stretched over his mouth as he held the baby a little tighter to keep her from rolling out of his arms.
He sighed. "Funny story that isn't actually all that funny. So, as you probably know, I'm getting married tomorrow, and my wonderful and thoughtful friends thought it would be 'fun' for us to engage in some old-fashioned wedding superstition crap, so they
of myself as a man temporarily in a woman's body, I guess. I don't…" He shook his head and shrugged. "I don't know, Steve. I don't know what I feel like, but I'm starting to feel less and less like Tony Stark and more like…I don't know who."
It took a pathetically long time to get to the top, but once he had, he sucked in a breath and pushed through the pain and ache that begged him to just relax and let the other ones handle it to go over to the bedroom. The bed looked so, so inviting, but he simply set Olivia down in her bassinette and gave her a pacifier to tide her over. She looked so cute with her eyes closed and her hands fisted as she suckled the pacifier, and Tony almost got caught up with standing there and just watching her slumber, her tiny chest rising and falling, her feathery little eyelashes fluttering as she got caught up in REM sleep—
Bruce sighed and didn't even bother to acknowledge what he'd said beyond the disappointed sound coming out of his mouth. Instead, he said, "Getting back to what I was saying, if I'm right and you've got some form of the serum in you, then it's metabolizing that sedative faster than normal. Give it a couple hours before you feed her, OK? She could probably handle it better than most babies, but I'd rather not have to find out, and I'm sure you don't, either."
"I don't blame you. I'm sorry I said that. I didn't mean it. I was just…pissed at you. I know it almost makes it sound like you raped me or something, but that's not… You never did anything to me that I didn't want. This isn't your fault. It's that witch's fault. It's both our faults for being idiots and thinking we're above silly things like basic human biology — which, I guess in your case, is a fair argument. I just… Saying that I can't be Iron Man anymore? Grounding me? It's just one more thing that makes me realize I have no control over my own life now, and I don't deal well with not being in control — not of myself, at least. I get that you're scared, and I get that you're afraid you'll be too concerned with my whereabouts to concentrate on what you need to do, but from my angle, it's…"
"Yeah?"
"What?" she asked, not seeming to understand — or care — about the joke.
Tony held his gaze, and he almost —
He flipped to the next page. Oh. The fun stuff.
She then took the stethoscope and began to listen to his heart, over the chest, then over the back and telling him to take deep breaths, and when he'd passed that test, she said, "OK, now I just need you to lie back. I'm going to do a breast exam."
"We good here?" he asked, talking not simply about the agent he'd saved Barnes from.
"No kidding."
"Yeah? One more crack, and you're gone," Tony said and moved to scooping up what looked like a cutout of a Christmas tree.
Steve just raised an eyebrow at him but added, "Mother's intuition, I guess. I think she sensed something about me that maybe I hadn't even admitted to myself at the time."
knocked me up."
wasn't in the mood to move at all, and he grimaced and looked between his arms and the bassinette and tried to figure if he could reach without having to strain his lower half. Barnes had stood back away from the goings-on, folding his arms and overseeing but otherwise keeping out of it, and Bruce still had that icepack in his hand and didn't look like he was about to part with it at any moment. DUM-E, the stupid 'bot, gave a hopeful little whir as he wheeled over to the foot of the bed and raised his arm like he was more than willing to offer a hand, but luckily, Hill chose that exact moment to appear in the lab, looking tired and drawn but smiling a little as she walked over and said, "I hear there's a new member of the family."
Tony picked up the bow and looked it over. "Why does it look like a tank ran over it?"
— and here's an absolutely crazy suggestion — you can let her do it. She does it. She's very good at it. Again,
"To me?" Steve said, trying to keep his voice as even as possible.
"Well, that's convenient," someone muttered from the group. It earned him the Stare of Disapproval, but he didn't shrink away from it. If anything, it seemed to embolden him.
want to know this time? And would she remember that Tony had never given her an answer on the orgasm question?
put twins in me," Tony said and shot Steve a pointed look.
He finished cutting the snowmen and picked up a Santa cutter, and Tony, as he watched Steve, said, "Honestly, I never thought of 'Captain America' in that way at all."
"Marriage, big green," he said, his words somewhat muffled by the table.
Thor put a hand up to silence him. "Yes, I understand that, my friend—"
Tony pointed to the arm again. "Look, it's not the
games," Bucky said.
Barnes scratched the side of his neck. "Hey, the pothead's up there. He's kinda level-headed, right?"
"Well, I did only just meet you."
"Deal."
Steve just blinked, and he knew he had that deer-in-the headlights look again as he suddenly came to the realization that Sam had been right to collect that twenty bucks from Bucky all along.
"No, yours. You don't have to, though. If you're tired. I can do it myself."
"Whatever," he muttered and looked at his arm. "Are we done here?"
," Steve gritted out in lieu of counting out one-thirty-seven.
not even the right gender for Tony Stark."
"What's wrong with that? It's my mother's maiden name."
"Kinda. Sorta." He made a twirling motion with his hand. "It's on my agenda."
He was sitting on the floor, mounds of toys and clothing and knickknacks and wrapping paper surrounding him, Olivia squealing as she rolled around in a pile of already-torn paper. The toys had mostly been from 'Santa'; pretty little dresses in soft colors had come from people called 'Pepper and Happy'; soft little onesies (as Tony had called them) had come from 'Uncle James and Aunt Tasha'; something that looked like a child's first chemistry set had come from 'Uncle Bruce' (
"Three Christmas ghosts?"
"Fine. Whatever," he said. "But only 'cause I'm tired and my feet hurt."
This was…not something he was willing to accept, but it was something he was willing to work with. Sort of. OK, he was willing to piss and moan about it.
"No."
Should the King wish to jockey with them for
He slid his hard brown gaze over to Tony, tilting his head in a somewhat sly quirk.
"Fucking idiot," he grumbled and grabbed a towel to wipe himself down with. He grimaced a little at the small puddles of water he'd left all over the bathroom floor but figured they'd evaporate in due time, and he made sure to steer clear of the bathroom mirror as he toweled himself off.
Tony grinned and swirled his drink with his swizzle stick. "The truth, basically."
"Why didn't you chase after him?" he asked after a moment.
Tony just blinked at her. "Wait, seriously?"
Barton just scratched the back of his head and made a face, but Natasha pushed toward him and said, "Tony, no one's doubting your ability to be Iron Man. But I'm not sure Steve would be able to concentrate if he was spending half the battle worrying about you."
"Wait, they think I'm…and that you… Didn't anybody think to, I don't know, check the county clerk's office? They saw us down there. The one on file is for Steve Rogers and Tony Stark, not Natasha Carbonell."
He walked in, the lights coming up immediately, and looked over what was little more than a utilitarian affair with a desk, a chair, a bookshelf, and a filing cabinet. He thought for a moment what it might look like with a different colored wall — Olivia seemed like a girly-girl, so probably pink or purple — and a little canopy-topped bed with a pastel colored bedspread — or maybe whatever cartoon characters were popular at the moment — and stuffed animals and dolls.
"I helped," Steve muttered with a pout, and Tony hummed a little in thought.
His eyes shot open, and it took only a moment before he was able to look straight into soft, crystalline blue irises he'd just finally come to accept he'd never see again.
Tony leaned forward a little, wincing at a tug of pain as he dropped the broken remote onto the coffee table. "J? What's going on? What's wrong?"
Steve winced away from Tony, pulling his hands back from where he'd tried to place them on his shoulders as an act of comfort, and Tony felt like an ass for the words the moment they left his mouth, but fucking hell, they
Yeah, paid to shut their mouths or not, this wasn't going to stay quiet for very long.
'Natasha Carbonell' dragged through the mud by the vultures.
"Amazingly," Barton muttered, but Tony ignored him and pressed on.
Tony shrugged. "Well, you'd have to ask him, and even then, you wouldn't get a solid answer out of him. I mean I love him, but the guy's not above lying to himself or anyone else. He calls them 'technicalities.'"
"Aw, come on. Not even a little hint?"
Bruce nodded and said, "Tony, I need you to set her down for a minute."
He frowned and considered what he wanted to say. "Just support me on this, OK? Just back me up and tell me how good a job I'm doing and how proud you are of me. Tell me you're going to stick by me and you're never going to leave me and that I can always count on you. OK?"
"There's no such thing," Barnes said with a roll of his eyes and a shake of his head.
"Wha'?" he asked through the mouthful of
He huffed and grimaced as the slice in his hand ached with every keystroke he made. "Look, Bruce," he said and stopped in the middle of what he was doing to look up at him. "Maybe you've got some natural rapport with kids, but I don't. I never did. I don't
He nodded. "Good. Very good. Now, what day is today?"
He put his hands on his belly at that and gave it a rub.
Barnes shrugged. "The part of him that's not stupid enough to toss away happiness with both hands thinks that, anyway. I thought for sure he was gonna ask that Agent Carter to ask him to marry him after the war was over. I don't know that they ever did anything more than talk about the next battle plan, but he was sweet on her! I only ever saw him go like that once, maybe twice before. Steve's not the type of guy to lose his head over anyone. But boy, he was sweet on her, but I think of the way I remember that, and then I see the way he looks at you, and it's totally different, you know?"
Tony tweaked an uneasy smile at him and said, "OK, sweetie,
They exchanged glances once again, both understanding their answer to be an unambiguous 'no,' and Steve turned to her and said, "That doesn't excuse what you did."
Steve smiled some and reached out to set his hand on Tony's belly.
"Um, I'm sorry," Tony said, unable to help the snotty tone in his voice. "Were you
He rolled his eyes. "I'm far from reckless with my emotions."
"OK, take me out of the equation. Pretend I don't exist. You never met me. Howard never had a kid. If given the chance, would you go back?"
exactly did you get pulled from?"
He finished setting up the test, and he stood back and said, "OK, now we wait."
"We like Steve," Natasha said. "But he's a very attractive man. I mean, he doesn't have anything on Thor—" She shared a look with Hill, who nodded her robust agreement. "But he's still very good-looking."
"Yeah? How do you know that?"
He set the carrier on the island countertop, Olivia gumming a pacifier and her eyes half-closed, and Tony shook his head some more and took the ripped box of pancake flour out of Steve's too-strong hands and gently nudged him aside. "Look, let me handle this, all right?"
"Look, sweetie, I love you, and that's very thoughtful of you," he said, dropping the instruction booklet onto the table as he watched Steve set the parts on the floor and reach in for what was left. "But one of us is more mechanically-inclined than the other. Besides, we don't even need that yet."
is just starting."
"But what if it is?
at saying the words, and he knows that, but he loves you, and he needs you. He needs you more than he's ever needed anyone. And he feels like an absolute jerk for making you feel that way — like you're not enough for him or you're not good enough for him. Because the truth of the matter is he's afraid he's not enough for
He yawned and rubbed his belly and did his business in the bathroom then went down to the kitchen to get some coffee, finding to his everlasting annoyance that
Other Tony laughed. "I'm not. Honest. Look, I don't know what to tell you about David's comment to Captain America at a party where he probably wasn't on his first drink. The guy's a paranoid, reactionary, conservative asshole. Maybe he did too many drugs in the '60s. I don't know. He was a left-winger when my mom knew him. Did a hard one-eighty when Reagan got elected—"
"I just don't see it," Tony said with a shrug and considered his glass, the ice melting and watering down the cola he still hadn't finished. "I'm not saying he doesn't love me. I'm just saying I don't see that he spoils me."
Steve finally tore his eyes away from the baby to look up at him. "Yeah, but compared to us, she's tiny."
If only there was a way he could have them both at the same time...
He smiled over at Steve, who shot him another look but said nothing as he pulled the car out of the garage and onto the street.
"You know him?"
Tony swallowed again to buy himself a moment. "Uh, thing is, we were
He just nodded and paged back one more to see the last picture Steve had drawn before that — an unfinished one of Tony,
She rolled her eyes. "That's what they say," she muttered like she'd heard that excuse a thousand times before and was sick of it.
"Uh…" Tony said again after the silence had gone on for too long. "They OK?"
"Buck, don't do that," Steve said with a sigh. "I told you. Tony's going to help you."
Tony mocked Bruce but didn't actually vocalize the words, and Bruce just shook his head and muttered something about how he could have been in Calcutta when the lab door opened, and Rhodey strode in wearing civvies and a perplexed look on his face. He glanced over at Tony and stopped short when he saw the little blonde girl sitting on Tony's lap.
"How's your toast?" he asked, and Tony shrugged.
"But she struck me as the type of woman that knew what she wanted and got what she wanted and didn't give a shit what anyone thought of her for it."
"There you go, being all practical again," Tony muttered but let Steve lead him onto the sidewalk, stepping over a small river that had formed at the curb and flooded into a storm drain at the corner.
"Yeah. I'd rather you test them before you take them out in the field."
"No, 'm not," she mumbled into the pillow, and he laughed a little.
"I'm not! I'm just saying that if you really want the whole experience—"
"Oh, no, I am," Tony said before Bruce could spoil his fun any more. "I am totally the woman that's been hanging off Captain America's very muscular arm for the past several months."
"Dirty, horny old man," Tony said not without affection. "Hey, question."
s. Now, be a proper gentleman and hold my hand."
"Yeah, and?"
Steve frowned and said, "Something about laser tag?"
"Yeah, that's great, Thor," Bruce said and sat forward a little. "But I'm not sure exactly how biology works on Asgard or anywhere else in the…cosmos—"
"It's in the blood," Tony said, but he was smiling at Steve as he said it. He then made a 'hmm' sound and grabbed another small, black, rectangular thing and pointed it at the sideboard on the far wall. Music started streaming from somewhere in the vicinity — more of those supposed Christmas songs — and Tony said, "Too quiet. Besides, last day we can listen to this crap, anyway. Wait, wasn't I supposed to be recording this?" He thought about this a moment then shrugged. "Oh, well. Maybe next year."
"Thought you didn't believe in that?" Steve said, quiet, his voice a little gravelly like he hadn't used it in days.
Tony just stared at him and blinked, a stupid and unsure smile on his face. "You're trolling me, aren't you?"
"OK, serious question here: What makes you think I'm even interested in you? I mean, I get that this is the type of place you normally go to for cheap and sleazy hookups, but what about our conversation has led you to believe I am in any way even remotely attracted to you? You're clearly on the other end of forty, which I am honestly
Tony squawked out a laugh. "Can of beans you do
"Actually," Tony said, exhaling a deep, calming breath as he directed his answer to the entire peanut gallery that was suddenly intrigued by Rhodey's question, "we're kind of taking each other's names."
"Yeah, great, you look gorgeous, Tony," Pepper said, striding out of the bedroom in her crisp, tailored ensemble, a chic-but-casual Natasha following right behind. She marched right over to Tony and took hold of his arm and said, "Come on. We should have been down there fifteen minutes ago."
He stopped short and ran his flesh hand through his hair like he was trying to figure out exactly what he wanted to say.
Steve hesitated only a moment before the sight of Tony, laid out and loose before him made his cock twitch in anticipation, and he lined himself up and said, "Ready?"
"Tony, this is too much."
His phone buzzed again.
In the end, he accidentally drifted off about five minutes before ten — or that was the last time he remembered looking at the clock, anyway.
"That's not—" Steve started to say with a shake of his head.
"I wish I could go back and see the Dodgers play one last time," Steve said wistfully. "That's the only thing I'd like to go back and see."
"He still made his own choices," Natasha said, coolly, lips pursed and eyebrow raised.
"There's no proof that it
Steve snorted a laugh as he took the box from Tony. "Actually, I was thinking of wearing them the next time I go swimming."
in the last week."
Steve dropped his hand away, and Tony turned to Rhodey. "So, you're saying we look 'cute' together?"
Well, Bruce had probably intended them to be certain, but Tony was nothing if not a master at twisting other people's words around to suit his needs.
her intention?" Steve asked, not even bothering to mask the venom in his voice.
"He does."
"She totally looks like an 'Olivia.' Do I look like a 'Tony'?"
"No, I guess not, but it's still different. Might as well have some fun with it."
"You could have worn a tux, I suppose," Natasha said, and Tony quietly shushed the voice in his head that trilled at wearing a dress. Instead, he went for bland and bored.
He wasn't in the mood for apple juice, but he pulled it out and shook it up and downed half of it in one go anyway. He sat at a table on the other side of the room and shoveled the eggs into his mouth, the quiet weighing on his shoulders like something dark and oppressive, and he looked out the window and spotted the car still parked there. For only a brief moment, he thought Barnes had lulled Steve into a false sense of security and had instead led the stupid bastard to his death, but he was pretty sure if Barnes had intended to kill Steve, he would have come back and killed Tony, too.
"And then you spend all night playing with the Cap," Bruce said then pointed at the waffle. "Is this vegan and gluten-free?"
"Way to have your bases covered, J. And yeah, with that last one, not taking any chances on this one. Think of it like the palladium poisoning to the nth degree. We're at ten weeks now, which means we've got about twenty-six to thirty weeks to get through, and I want to make sure everything is as it should be just in case…"
Tony's mother had attempted to rear him in Catholic teachings as well, as it turned out, she being, at the least, part-Italian, but Steve was pretty sure those teachings had fallen by the wayside before Tony could even vote (which was now eighteen and not twenty-one as it had been in his day; oddly, the drinking age had gone from eighteen up to twenty-one), and Tony seemingly felt no guilt for indulging in beef and poultry products on a day when religion told them they should abstain.
He would bet the life of this fetus on it.
out." He smiled a little and said, "Hey, at least I'd be out of your hair for a while."
"So, that's what that is," Steve murmured, snapping Tony out of his dreamy reverie.
Steve nodded his head once. "Did she have—"
pear-shaped in this chapter.
girl.
"Sorry for the disappointment."
"Yeah," Steve said with an exhale of breath.
They lost Bruce and Natasha somewhere along the way, so it was only Rhodey and Hill following him to the clerk's office. Rhodey was doing something on his phone, so he frowned at Hill and went to ask what had happened to the other two, but before he could even get the first word out, Hill smiled in that flat way that she had and said, "It's a surprise."
"Yeah? Then what?"
Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes, pushing those previous thoughts from his mind. "No, I programmed him to actually be useful. He must have gotten hit by a bolt of lightning and it fried his circuits."
He paused in thought for a moment, his gaze cast aside and a small smile pulling at his mouth like he was recalling a memory of an earlier time.
Tony ignored him and kept his attention on the kid. "Wait, I told you not to play with Cap's stuff?"
"I don't know why you're so funny about saying it," he said after he'd pulled back. "You've watched me jerk myself off before."
there aren't any breaks or fractures," he muttered and swung the car down the approach ramp to the tunnel. "May have to let it slip to Rhodey or Pepper if there is. Think Happy'd like to get in on that, too."
"Yeah, you're…neurotic. And obsessive. And kinda
"You know what this means, don't you?"
He groaned and dragged his hands down his face, which was kind of awkward to do when he had the phone in one hand, and he took a breath and squared his shoulders and went back into the living room. He'd figure it out, but not right then. Cap wasn't due back for a week. He had time to figure it out.
The line for service was ridiculous, and Tony whined a little as they came upon the scene of a hungry dinner mob. He bumped his forehead into Steve's shoulder, and Steve reached over and patted his head and said, "Why don't you find us a seat? I'll get the food. What do you want?"
He snorted in derision. "Like that did any good. No, Brucie, it wasn't just the magic kid appearing out of the blue. She was just the last straw, the proverbial one that broke the camel's back. In this case, the camel's back is Pepper's unconditional love for me—"
"I mean, what's the point? Doesn't 'decaf' defeat the entire purpose of coffee? You don't drink it to put you to sleep. You drink it to wake the fuck up. And you know it's probably not really decaf, right? It's the greatest con ever perpetuated. Decaf coffee. Yeah, sure, we'll tell people it's 'decaf,' and they'll eat that bullshit right up. Like coffee but hate the buzz it gives you? Who the hell could ever hate that?"
"Think about it all you want. We're still getting a goddamned bassinette."
"Nothing," Tony said. "Just… You're a lot more like my Steve than I thought."
They could try it. They could disguise themselves and try to sneak around and get to the doctor's office without anyone knowing. But Tony was…tired. He was so tired of that. He'd been pretending his whole life. It had become second-nature to him.
"So you are thinking about doing this crazy-ass thing?"
"Yeah, we're keeping this off the secret-spy-agency-formerly-known-as-SHIELD's radar as much as possible."
"And the things they'll say about this poor, innocent child that never asked to be conceived in the first place? Breaks my heart, Steve. It absolutely breaks my heart."
"Figure out where we can put them," Steve said to Hill. "Tell them to triage it. Send the most critical ones over first. Tell them we don't have the equipment, so they're going to have to provide their own and do their own transportation."
"She didn't almost split you in half," Steve muttered.
"If she does know anything, she certainly gives a good impression of pretending not to. She had a little girl, Maria—" She motioned to a photo of the photographer that Tony hadn't bothered to look at, one of the photographer in that same mini dress sitting on the floor and playing with an infant. "She disappeared along with her."
Not that he was aware of.
Steve was the one to roll his eyes this time, pulling up something on his tablet as he said, "There's a lot to be gained from an in-class experience that you just can't get from having JARVIS explain it all to us."
There were none. Bruce came and checked him again a little while after that. Tony was still at eight centimeters. Tony almost cried.
, uh, was Olivia's 'Papa,' but, um,
"Make a fist," he said, and Tony followed his instructions and watched as Bruce tied the band the proper amount above the elbow and then turned Tony's arm. He pressed some more just to the side of the inside of his elbow and nodded his approval. He put the gloves on, grabbed an alcohol wipe, and wiped the area to sterilize before he turned and grabbed a syringe.
"Yeah, pretty sure DUM-E missed out on the 'intelligence' part."
hitting against me when you were fondling me just now—"
Tony raised an eyebrow at him. "Yeah, isn't that something Steve and I get to decide?"
If there was one person in his family that was a morning person, it was his little infant girl that was no doubt awake in her crib and gurgling to herself — and there was no question in his mind she'd need a diaper change, too.
to be an Avenger. I'm not— I don't have the…" He exhaled a breath and shook his head some, dropping his hand as he did so. "I wouldn't be anything but a liability to you out there."
Bruce made a squeamish face and pulled back a little, and there was a hint of hesitance in his voice as he said, "I don't think we should be talking about this."
"Tony, I never said I wanted to—"
He counted off on his fingers. "One, because the government says I need insurance. Two, because insurance companies are greedy sons-of-bitch-assholes and if I have to have insurance, then I'm going to take them for everything they're willing to give me. And three, because our group is so small they wouldn't give us even a decent plan unless I did join. Don't ask, I don't understand. I don't write these damned polices."
The three exchanged glances again, and Natasha looked knowingly at the other two and said, "Hormones."
"Hey, sorry about unloading on you like that. Just—"
"You do. I know the cocky bullshit is just for show. You are probably the most insecure person I know, and man, if I had the chance to go back and belt Howard one, don't think I wouldn't take it."
"It would be my honor to jerk off Captain America."
"It was! He was gonna eat me! But then I woke up and we had waffles for breakfast. C'n we have waffles for breakfast, Papa?"
," Colonel Fury had said, the swirl of an unfamiliar Times Square surrounding him, dozens of agents standing in wait should he even think to attempt to run again.
Bruce frowned as he looked between Olivia and Tony. "They don't get along?"
"Want one of us to stay with you?" Hill asked, but he shook his head. "Are you sure?"
"Look, I'm gonna tell you one more time: people that are proud to be from Brooklyn aren't allowed to throw stones."
As Rosemary made her way down the hallway, knife at the ready, Tony looked down at his belly, and he swallowed and rubbed his hand over the swell some more and said, "
"How?" Steve asked and raised an eyebrow.
Steve's jaw tensed and did that funny thing it did when he was grinding his teeth together. "I know," he muttered, and Tony sighed and rolled his eyes.
"So," Tony continued after they'd let their hands drop. "You come here often?"
"I'm sorry," he said, giving the words a little snottier attitude than he might have in any other situation, "how is this in any way comparable to that?"
The woman tsked and shook her head a little. "My, my, what would your Captain say? Oh, that's right. He's dead, isn't he?"
Barton nodded a little like he was actually giving it some consideration. "I might."
He felt Barton, Bruce, and Steve all set their sights on him, and Natasha just looked at him in slight confusion and said, "Why?"
He moved over to meet up with Steve, and Steve reached out and snagged an arm around Tony's shoulders, pulling him into a half embrace and leading him out of the kitchen.
"Please. Sit."
"Figures," he said and sat on the edge of the cushion. "Where's my husband?"
"The second you walk in the door."
"Thin ice, babe—"
, and that was frightening because what could be so bad — so permanently scarring — that even the serum couldn't touch it? So, he'd hidden it. Forced himself to tamp it down and never let it see the light of day. Hell, he'd even convinced Bucky that he was all better now, much to Bucky's relief.
"Yeah, all right," he muttered, "I guess that's what it's been but..."
"Eh," Tony replied, "maybe not so much? See, both those times, I was bodily violated and was kinda more focused on freaking out about that."
" came the voice again, and suddenly—
"Again," Tony said and felt that oh-so-familiar pain begin once more, "I'm good."
"Huh?"
"No, you won't," Steve countered and took hold of Tony's hands to help him up. "Come on. Let's get you cleaned up and settled into some comfortable clothes. We have to go debrief with Hill, but I'll make your excuses for you, but
"Because he's hot?"
But that was a move borne out of a defensive measure. So long as he didn't just get swindled, he had no reason to be defensive any longer. He would age the same as Tony would now. Sure, he would always look a good dozen or so years younger than Tony, but the gulf that had been formed between them and had grown at an ever-increasing rate from the moment they'd met would grow no longer. Steve would age the same as Tony would. They would get to grow old together, and if what Esmeralda was saying was true, they had another forty years together to find that out firsthand.
As her small hands were about to make contact with Tony's, he yanked his hand away and snapped out a particularly nasty, "Don't touch me," at her.
Ridiculously lucky.
But as much of an ass as Steve could be behind the wheel, Tony still trusted him. He wasn't a huge fan of letting other people drive him, and much as he might have teased Steve about his driving skills, he was actually more than OK with them. Not only were Steve's reflexes sharp as a tack, but he knew Steve was not about to let anything bad happen to him. Besides, it could have been worse. Steve could have insisted on them taking his fucking
"I mean did you…" Steve's face pinched into unease and a little confusion. "Did you do it the normal way?"
Steve arched an eyebrow at him. "You don't care?"
As things continued to go back to normal in the world outside the Tower, the media and the public, somehow alerted to the fact that Captain America was now a father, began to clamor for pictures of the newest addition to the Avengers. Steve didn't want them getting a picture of his baby at all, but Tony knew the paparazzi — and the public — wouldn't rest until they'd caught a glimpse of the tiniest member of the crew.
he said, his tone sounding…grave for an AI, "
"What?"
"You said s'long as someone's watchin' me I could do it!"
"I sincerely hope so," he muttered as Steve came back with a package of saltines, and Tony tore into them and began to crunch on them. He muttered out a crackery 'thank you' to Steve, who ran gentle fingers through Tony's hair and assured Tony he didn't have to thank him for anything.
"I guess so," Steve said and tried to form some sort of picture of all of those people — things? — in his head. He finally gave up and heaved out a breath as he shook his head. "How in world do they all manage to work together?"
"Good girl," he said, and some desperate and needy feeling flooded his veins and made his knees go a little weak at the words.
But Bruce just shook his head, closing his eyes and muttering something under his breath that Tony couldn't make out.
"What?"
Rhodey wouldn't meet his eyes as he said, "Tony, just give me—"
"Of course you can," Tony said and cracked an egg into the mixing bowl.
"Evidently not," Bruce muttered, and Tony and Rhodey turned their attentions to him. He looked between them and chewed his bite of waffle. "The butter," he clarified around a mouthful of food. "Tastes really good."
, like it pained him to even have to consider the possibility, and Barnes said, "You know, that would be kind of fun to have our own."
But that was a conversation for another day, and so he squawked out a breath and said, "
So, Barnes stood there awkwardly, reaching up and scratching at the back of his head, and he made an unsure gesture in the direction of the elevator and said, "I'll be, uh…in my quarters…if you…"
"Because I just am, all right? Because I look like
Bucky nodded, seeming to agree with Steve, but Sam frowned and said, "How do you know that?"
As Tony slipped the sunglasses back over his eyes, she pulled Tony over to the back door, and the reporter said, "But the public deserves to know what happened to Tony Stark—"
"Only do it sporadically so you don't accidentally come in the middle of a battle?"
"Yeah," he said only to have a super soldier hand pressed against his stomach for his troubles. "Really?" he asked, eyebrow raised.
The water shut off, and the light clicked off, and a few moments later, he felt Steve's presence again. He felt a finger stroke down his face, and Steve murmured, "God, you're so beautiful," before he took hold of the leash and began to lead him.
"Because of gelato?" Tony grumbled.
"Honey, I'm carrying the child of the ultimate super soldier."
Steve exhaled a breath and looked at Tony. "And what better place to do something like that than in a secluded supermax prison," he said then turned to Welch. "Is that why you've been beating that drum?"
He pushed out into the blindingly bright snow. Oh, it was definitely real, judging by how cold it was, and he really should have seen about putting shoes on, but if he stayed there any longer, fuck him, he might actually start to believe the insanity that was pouring out of Tony's mouth. He took off down the street at breakneck speed, bare feet pounding against un-shoveled sidewalks, and he looked for something — anything — that might give hint to his whereabouts. Hydra could fake a room, maybe even a house, but an entire neighborhood? Not possible.
He stopped short at this, and Tony looked up at him and watched as realization dawned.
much easier, especially getting into small, tight spaces that require a lot of finesse. That…is actually, like, the one thing I'll miss when this whole thing is over."
"Yeah," Steve said and shot a sour look at her. "That's the reason you should try to avoid hurting him."
"Mmm… If you wanted to pour me a gigantic cup of that black liquid god you've got brewed in the pot over there, I will do anything you want."
people are under no obligation to stay here and you're free to leave at any time."
"Jeez, they're kind of ugly when they first come out, aren't they?" Barnes mused, tilting his head as he looked down at the squawking baby on Tony's abdomen, and Natasha scowled and swatted at him before she turned gentler, softer eyes back on Tony.
"I heard Clint say that a couple weeks ago. What is that?"
"Bleeding? No," Tony said. "Pain? Do you mean
"Well," he said, blowing out a breath and dropping his hand, "I don't know. I thought it might be kind of nice for a change? Just for tonight if you don't like it. I mean, I didn't even take you on a honeymoon, and I know this doesn't exactly make up for that, but… I don't know. If you don't want to stay, we don't—"
"What? What are you doing? What's that?" And then, he realized. "Hey, whoa! Security breach! That's not for you to read."
"Uh," he said after a moment, drawing out the word, "well, I guess, I mean I always figured that, if I were ever lucky enough to have a kid—" He forced out a laugh and scratched at his forehead. "Not that I ever really thought I would—"
He licked the spit and come from his lips and twisted his hands a little in their bindings. "Yea—
"What? No, the doctor just said—"
Tony swore he heard something like a growl rumble in Steve's throat. He might have found that a turn-on in a completely different situation.
they fucking
Tony startled awake, gasping, pouring sweat. He blinked several times and tried to acquaint himself with his surroundings.
"You might have everyone else fooled, but you can't fool me. You love that 'bot more than life itself. You wouldn't have rescued him from the bottom of the bay otherwise. If anything ever happened to that 'bot, you'd be crushed." And then he shrugged and said, "He's your first, and you always play favorites with your first no matter how much you don't intend to."
Steve finished fastening the other cuff. "Not tonight, at least." He nodded at Tony's feet and added, "I see you've decided to go a bit more, uh,
. Such time as
Steve sighed but there was a resigned smile behind it. "Pretty much."
"Well, the numbers are supposed to be a date, I'm guessing—" Not that he believed this, but he didn't feel in a position to counter Tony just yet. If he kept him talking, surely he would slip up. "But I don't get the thing that's engraved alongside—"
He shrugged but didn't say anything after that, and Tony assumed he either couldn't think of the words to say or he was too embarrassed to say them.
So, he told him. As he thrust into him, taking him, pounding him, he spilled out every unholy thing that had crossed his mind from the moment Bucky had put the stupid idea in his head. How he wanted to collar Tony, leash him, bind him, make him kneel before him, fuck his mouth without mercy, make him crawl, keep him loose and wet and pliable and ready for him at all times, make him beg for Steve's cock, make him beg to be taken, make him beg to be used however Steve saw fit. He couldn't tell if Tony was actually into it or not, but he seemed to be doing well enough judging by the moaning and the keening and the precome that was smearing into his belly.
"I'm not—" he started to say but then thought better of it. Tony would just counter him, and he would counter Tony, and there was a very real chance that Tony would wear him down to the point that Steve would just tell him what was on his mind and that...was something he really didn't want to talk to Tony about. Not because he didn't trust Tony—
"Yes," he said, pride evident in his voice. "Yes, he is."
you're getting."
laugh — not the way he made you laugh. He fucking adored you, and I didn't understand what the fuck he was doing bringing me into that. Kinda felt like he was showing off to me — like he was trying to show me he'd
different.
Steve moved his hand some to brush his thumb against Tony's bottom lip and Tony, the fast- moving bastard, took the pad of Steve's thumb in between his lips and kissed it, suckling at it just the slightest before he let it go. It sent a shot of something straight down to Steve's groin, and Tony's husky response to that didn't do much to help matters.
"I might," he said but didn't elaborate.
Tony hummed out a response that was supposed to sound a little bit like 'I don't know.' And was it him, or did Steve's voice sound just a little distant?
And, to prove his point, after he'd stripped away all the excess scraps of dough, he carefully began to pry off a candy cane shaped cookie, sliding the flat part of the spatula beneath and trying not to either tear or scrunch up the cookie. Steve watched, bemused, as Tony...not so much struggled as put more time and effort than necessary into getting the piece of raw dough off the tabletop, and after prying it free, he carefully set it onto a baking sheet lined with some kind of white paper, sliding it off and arranging it to make room for more.
By the time Steve got back from debrief, he had fulfilled all three.
Tony shook his head. "No, press conference."
"I mean, does it suck being kicked out of my own home? Yeah, kinda," he said and reached in, grabbing a large slice of pie. He pulled it out, the mozzarella stringy where it had melted back together after being cut, and he held the slice high to break the cheese, resorting to using his fingers when yanking on the slice just gave him long, thin strands.
Tony giggled a little again. "No, it's nothing."
"Cut the crap, Welch," Tony said. "What the hell are you trying to say here?"
He went back over to the first aid kit and grabbed a cotton swab out of it. "Here, Uncle Bruce. Go get a swab for me."
Instead, Tony pointed to Darcy and said to Jane, "I'm not sure I'm so crazy about her knowing about this."
why the kraken was bothering him? Maybe he was hungry, too?
Bruce laughed a little and nodded his understanding. "No, you don't have to stay like this until you start pushing—"
"Because I know how and when exactly it happened, and there were only two of us in the room at the time, and she wasn't the other one."
"Boy or a girl?"
The eastern blackout hadn't had anything to do with Strucker's sect of Hydra, and aftermath of that had taken up the Avengers' attentions for the duration.
"No," she said and stole a glance at Steve before she turned back and gave his knee a playful slap. "Just try to stick around a little longer. For Steve's sake, at least."
Tony set the mugs and the cookies down on the coffee table, and he groaned and rolled his eyes and muttered a, "Fuck, I'll be right back," and went back toward the kitchen.
"OK," Steve said and kissed his forehead.
He shrugged and made his way through the mess of medical personnel and patients now taking up residency in his building and weaved his way around the floor, passing through the restricted access point to the entrance to the personal floors upstairs. There was something unsettling about that woman, now that he thought about it. Something that made the hairs on the back of his neck stick up and made him want to tell Bruce or Natasha or Hill or even Barnes to keep an eye on her, as something about the way she'd smiled at him, held onto him, tried to lead him away did not give off the sense of being a 'friendly.'
Tony set Olivia down on the carpeted floor of the utilitarian-styled bedroom. If he hadn't known the Cap had stayed there the previous week, he would have said it had never been used. There was no decoration, and at first glance, no personal effects. It looked as staid and barren as a cheap hotel room (or not cheap, thank you very much; Pepper had exquisite taste), and he put his hands on his hips and looked around the room as he tried to figure where the Cap would have stashed his supplies. He wouldn't have trashed them, would he? On principle. Not because
"What?" he asked again, more demanding than curious.
A month-and-a-half. God, he did not want to still be this way at the end of August.
"I think," Bruce said, and Tony broke contact with Steve to look at him, "that we might have to get in contact with someone at former SHIELD. They're the only ones that would even begin to be able to have any way of dealing with something like this."
"Look, I just think you should consider it, all right? You heard what that Steve said.
"Either breakfast," Barton said, "or the fact that he and Cap can't seem to agree on a name. I'm going to assume they've started thinking about names for their little science project."
"You're supposed to be dead," Steve said, the words drenched in acid, but Esmeralda waved him off.
And then, it was like a light clicking on in Steve's head, and he blinked and cocked his head to the side a moment like something had just come to mind, and he shot Tony a sly look and said, "You're right. I would
Tony shook his head and pushed further into the room, and he rolled his eyes at the way Steve just so carelessly tossed his used bath towel onto the bed after he'd grabbed a pair of black boxer-briefs from the drawer. He reached out to grab the towel from the bed, having every intention of going into the bathroom to hang it back up again, but then he caught sight of Steve's chiseled ass cheeks of perfection, and he stood there, head tilted as he watched the muscles ripple and flex as Steve stepped into the small, snug pair of underwear.
Steve took a breath, and Tony couldn't tell if he was drumming up courage or was trying to think of exactly how he wanted to word his question.
"Yeah. Daddy is, too."
That they'd never liked Tony Stark to begin with, so what did it matter that this bitch was clearly dancing on the grave of his relationship with Captain America?
"Maybe," Steve said and reached out to put his hand on Tony's arm. Tony felt it and jerked his arm away before Steve could clamp down on it. "You're mad at me. Why?"
Steve just rolled his eyes at Tony's comment, but Tony said, "Put in the order, J. We're going to need it. Order as much as you think we can use before it expires."
"Well," she said as the doors opened automatically and she led him onto the car. "I don't think anyone's taking it personally."
"Yeah—
"Birdman or I say 'fuck,' we get lectured about our language. The princess says it, and it's all peachy-keen. You are
"Because! You can't— You try to alter your future based on information you gained in your past, you'll fuck everything up. You'll create an alternate timeline or a black hole or trigger the complete temporal destruction of the universe."
Bruce nodded some and said, "Yep, doing a fantastic job there of showing how little you care about all this, Tony."
"Look, Tony—"
one? There's nothing wrong with it." He grimaced as he looked at the mess over his shirt and pajama pants. "We can just…wash it up somehow. It'll be fine."
"Um…what do you like to do?"
— it was August. August of 2014.
He was a frickin' spy not some rich playboy.
"I'd have to check."
semblance of a normal life after what had happened to him, and at the moment, the Avengers were probably the best-equipped to do that for him.
"I spilled water all down the front of my shirt."
He shuddered. Macy's. Good god.
Maybe this was the start of a new tradition. He didn't know; but what he did know was that he wanted to give Tony a break after all the work he'd done yesterday. He reached over to the bedside table and slapped his hand around a few times before he found his phone, and he picked it up and turned on the display and grimaced at the time.
cooking. Maybe it reminded him of Jarvis or of being a kid or some idealized happy memory, but he wasn't all that
"You're his princess," Natasha said, tending to his toes.
Steve just looked over at him, pointedly, his mouth quirked to the side. "The baby."
"Wait," Wilson said and turned to him. "You know 'Klaatu barada nikto,' but you don't know 'Hogwarts'?"
God, were they still doing that? Just fucking fuck him already and let him come, for god's sake!
But he'd loved him from the start, even before he'd known he was a Stark, that he was the heir to the Stark fortune, that he was expected to take over the Stark Industries empire. No, he was forever and always
a real girl." He smacked Steve's arm. "You can confirm that. Tell them I'm a real girl."
"Fuck you all," Tony declared as Rhodey took Olivia out of his arms and cradled her gently in his own. As he cooed at her and bounced her and then said a surprised, "Wow, you're a lot heavier than I thought you'd be," Tony turned to him and added, "And if you're going to follow the other lemmings, at least say 'queen.' I am a
"What about her?"
Natasha paused in the middle of clipping Tony's toenails and glanced over at him. "Clint…and Thor?"
Tony nodded and swallowed, a lump having formed in his throat, and Rhodey pulled him into a one-armed hug and patted his back and said, "I can run interference on it if you need me to."
Rhodey rolled his eyes and dropped his fork down on his plate, and Tony winced a moment like he thought Rhodey was finally, after all these years, going to deck him for something stupid, but Rhodey just grabbed his own cup of coffee and switched it out for Tony's, saying, "There.
Steve asked and peered closer. He stole a confused look back at Tony and said, "Are you sure they're not just… Maybe those are pants?"
Steve looked up form where he sat propped up against the headboard, a book in his hands and a look of concentration etched over his face.
He scowled at her. "I could have told you that. And you didn't answer my question."
He lay down beside Tony and spooned up behind him, putting his arm around him and resting a firm hand over the hand Tony still had on his belly, and Tony felt the dip of the mattress as Steve braced himself up on one arm and leaned in to nuzzle at his neck.
"What you said about if you married someone, it was for life?"
"There are
Steve groaned and ran a frustrated hand through his hair before he yelled out, "You're pregnant, Tony!"
be there. When we asked the Esmeralda the Delusional
"Soon. Think they're about an hour out now," she replied, and then, perhaps trying to lighten the mood, said, "Clint did a little research. If you only pay him fourteen thousand, he doesn't have to pay taxes."
She heaved out a heavy and annoyed breath. "D'ya have 'mesia again?"
. This was— There was no competing with that. None. This wasn't a baby dropped on his doorstep, this was his own flesh and blood
He just shrugged. "Whatever. So, I'm stuck down here for the duration. Worse places to be."
"Yeah. I… I don't know how you're doing it. I don't think I could."
"Touch yourself. Make it feel good."
is worth it. Because when the shit hits the fan and our backs are against the wall, there's no one I want in my corner backing me more than you.
of it if I can soak through my shirt and the sheets like that and
me'? Two completely different things."
"Maddie? Who's 'Maddie'?"
"I don't want to outlive my family," he said, blunt, sharp, and to-the-point. He shook his head a little and added, "Tony, Olivia— I couldn't— I don't want to outlive them. I don't want to stay like this—" he motioned down at himself, "—while they grow old and..."
Captain America and the woman claiming to be Tony Stark were — but he did catch a couple others directing nasty glares in his direction, as though angry that he wasn't taking this as seriously as they would like.
Steve laughed. "OK, you lost me. No way is that—"
"Look," he said when they were presumably out of Olivia's earshot, "I don't expect you or Bruce to understand this, and I don't know how to explain it myself, but I just
"Boys," Natasha said with a bored sniff and looked at Olivia. "We're outnumbered here, kid."
Tony sat on the edge of the tub, the shower water running behind him, and looked up at Steve, who stared down at him in confusion, face flushed and
— with an 'X.'"
"But why?" someone else asked.
Steve just reached up and covered the hand that was playing with his nipple. "Yeah, well," he said, his words a little unsure like he was having a hard time formulating them through the haze of lust that was plaguing his brain now. And Tony could say that for certain because there was nine inches of something beginning to press into him. Nine inches of something he very much wanted to suck on and—
," Tony muttered and rolled his eyes. "Jesus Christ."
"There is nothing respectable about what they do behind closed doors," Wilson said.
He swallowed and looked up at Steve, meeting his eyes a moment before he said, "Something bad happens. Something— I don't know what, but something bad was happening. You — you were a mess. You were definitely just coming out of the middle of something. Your uniform was all torn up. You had blood all over you. You just looked beaten up."
"Hmm... that's sweet, babe, but we are, uh..." He sighed out a breath and pulled away from Steve, and Steve frowned and watched as he moved away and made a face, running a hand through his hair.
