"I want to live together, I... I just—" Steve choked out, stumbling on his words. "Your place is amazing." He finally said, searching Tony's eyes with his own. Tony stared back, impassive, uncaring, a haughty pout on his lips. "The studio is... It's
Steve though, stared at him studiously, considering the offer. He felt suddenly curious about it, about touching someone else's dick. Something inside him
Now, that sounded a little overdramatic, didn't it?
"Where did Tony go?"
Tony shrugged, a small pout on his lips. "I was just surprised you didn't tell me."
He can feel his boyfriend's silent presence behind him.The latter skirts around him and his long and thin fingers skim softly the cotton of his shirt, drawing four lines—four burning trails—on his back, from one shoulder to the other.
Steve shrugged. "Don't know... I... You're right, maybe I could have gone if I really wanted to."
Nothing." He stared at him, expression forlorn and desperate. "I'm just exhausted." He chuckled again but it almost sounded like a sob. "Just go to bed, alright? Leave me the fuck alone."
When Tony walked back inside, Steve was fully dressed and sadly soft. He threw a warm coat and old jeans at his boyfriend who blinked at him in surprise. Tony raised questioning eyes to him and Steve just blurted a casual "Get dressed! I made breakfast" in response.
He felt his heart squeeze tighter to the point it became difficult to breathe. His first feeling was disappointment. First because it was news to him that there was a workshop in the Tower. Steve knew there was an entire R&D floor in which Tony often spent times, but he hadn't heard of a private workshop and Tony had deliberately kept him out of it. Secondly, it was the first time Tony ditched him like that. Soon though, the disappointment turned into anger. Tony had been such a drama queen and sulking in the workshop was just the most immature reaction Tony could ever have and just... Fuck! Steve just
Steve melts into it at first, slightly taken aback, but then he pushes him away, frowning a little. "You stink, Tony." Then he studies him a little and shakes his head a little desperately. "I can't believe you and Clint would just sneak out to smoke pot behind our backs. That is so immature. Even for you." Tony giggles stupidly and glances knowingly at Clint who's currently sitting on his husband's lap and cuddling him under Thor's amused stare. Steve rolls his eyes but he doesn't look angry, or maybe Tony is too drunk to care at the moment. He snuggles against his boyfriend and lets his natural charm do the rest. Steve curls an arm around his waist and stuffs something warm and tasty in his mouth. "Eat something at least."
it? You don't if you
Steve startled and felt a blush heating his cheeks. He looked away, embarrassed, and shrugged. "What?"
Living with him is torture. Mental, physical and emotional torture.
Packing up and moving out (part 2)
Steve smiled victoriously and let Bucky take control. He was new to this, after all—and still hadn't presented. Bucky took his face in his big hands and pressed his lips delicately on Steve's. He gave him a soft kiss and made it last a little longer than Steve had expected. It was warm and soft and a little wet and Steve thought he could get used to this. He let escape a moan and that was when Bucky ended the kiss. He stared into his eyes confusedly, looking slightly flushed and debauched.
So his boyfriend wasn't all that accepting after all. It wasn't particularly surprising, Tony had probably always known but it still hurt, he just hated himself for hoping. Honestly whatever they had was bound to fail, one way or another, he knew that. Therefore he swallowed his shame, his crushing disappointment and his pain. Steve words hurt, like thousands needles. Steve probably didn't realize it but each one of his biting remarks had struck a particular chord in Tony but never mind, he was used to it. He deserved it.
"Hi!" A jolly-sounding voice interrupted his inner self-convincing.
"I was too rough on you, wasn't I?" The man whispered concernedly.
The beginning of a soft smile appeared on Tony's face. His eyes shone a with warm affectionate glow and he followed Steve to the rooftop without a word.
"We can make it yours." Tony replied sternly.
He felt a sob shaking his chest and clenched his fists, trying to will it back deep inside. He let out a shivering sigh of desperation instead, before crouching down to pick up what was left of his sketches.
Tony is good at conversations however and it's easy for him to make Thor speak. It's a nice distraction and people generally like talking about themselves so when you listen to them it's easier to get them to trust you. Thor is a relatively easy guy to handle, easier than Bucky anyway, and the upward side of it, Bucky soon gets bored of Thor's ups and downs and joins Steve and Loki's catching-up instead. Tony is a good listener and he makes mental notes to remember the details. You never know, it might come in handy in the future.
to do exactly. That's the part of the puzzle he hasn't been able to solve yet.
Steve jerked his head around and glanced at his boyfriend. "Perv!"
"Why would you say something like that?"
His boyfriend was leaning on the walls and looked at him sidelong, eyes flickering from him to the glass panes and to him again, both anxious and shy despite the undying smile on his face. At times, a glimpse of carnal lust just flashed in his dark eyes.
They all came in different fashion, the doodles. Once, it was put on his threshold, once slipped surreptitiously in his pocket, a few times it was brought on with his lunch tray. But
"I'm not interested in
Tony drops the pen that apparently was in his hand. His own treacherous heart makes a leap.
"I have no idea." Steve whispered, freaking out a little bit. Although he did have an idea but how he ended up in this very real, very fucked-up situation, he had absolutely no knowledge of.
"I can teach you." Tony said confidently, chuckling a little.
It didn't feel real. None of it was. And yet, in a few weeks or so, in a few months. It was going to be real. Very real.
"They are." Tony mutters hesitantly, voice hoarse and words stuck in his throat.
"It just never came up." Steve shrugged. "Everything went quickly. I contacted the agency and by the time I wanted to talk to you about it they had already found a buyer."
"I said later." Steve snapped back but took the box anyway and walked back to him, leaning his hip against the couch next to his boyfriend and crossing his legs.
"Did you have oral sex?"
Steve raised his eyebrow and stared at his boyfriend with a certain detachment. Tony found strength in the smallest of things, he thought and surprisingly felt a sudden surge of affection for him. He climbed on the bed and sat next to him. He took his hand in his and pulled them both down onto the bed, so the two of them were now both lying. "I've forgiven you, you know?" He whispered softly. "I think I did that a long time ago, actually." Tony turned grateful eyes to him and gave him a soft, bashful smile. "If you're okay with what happened then I'm okay with it too." It might not be entirely true, though, Steve wasn't sure he had it in him but he still meant those words with all his intent.
"I know." His hurting voice managed to croak out.
Steve's smile is shy but genuinely happy. Tony feels him relax and he regains confidence. He offers him his forearm, very old-fashionedly, and Tony takes it with amusement dancing on his lips. If Steve insists they reverse the roles then, sure, Tony will play it out. He's never felt so unaffected by his short size before. Steve does that. Steve always had the power to take the moon down for him. And tonight Tony was ready to be handed the moon.
That was what he did, with the intention to make Obie feel good, hoping he might be satisfied with coming in his mouth and let him go. Obie's cock was half-hard when he closed his lips around it but grew rapidly, invading his mouth and choking him. It wasn't as pleasant as it should be. Tony wasn't usually shy around cocks, he had been well trained, but the reluctance seemed to pervade and he was struggling to enjoy the moment. Maybe because he couldn't keep Steve out of his mind and he didn't like it when he thought about Steve with someone else's dick in his mouth. He tried to forget about Steve and made a point at giving the man the best blowjob of his life even if he didn't take any pleasure in it. It wouldn't be the first time either. Happened more often than not, Tony had just never really realized.
"You're still fantasizing about Thor?"
fingers. And then Stark stopped, nudged at his friend—a tall strawberry blond, called Pepper—and laughed, throwing his head back, exposing his neck. Strong but slender like the rest of his silhouette and a stately demeanor. Steve felt his heart skip and he remained planted there, frozen in the middle of the crowded hall, staring at the back of his neck with the foreign, yet deep-seated, urge to grab it and trace his fingers along the long lines of his muscles.
Steve sighed. "I didn't want to be omega." He admitted regretfully. "It's time that I accept who I am."
"So you're not gonna buy it?"
Tony didn't answer but the warmth and gentleness in his voice made his heart leap. Two strong hands cupped his face delicately and turned his head back, forcing Tony to look at him even if he didn't want to.
Steve purred and ran another hand into Tony's hair. "You realize we'll never find that place, do you?"
"Oh my god, babe." Steve exclaimed. "How did I not see that?" He regretted, heart racing.
"No."
Clint walks back to him before the uneasiness settles in his heart and hooks his shoulder to lead him to their bedroom with a mischievous smile.
Something clenches in Tony's stomach. He just shrugs. "No!" He blurts out and wriggles his hips to find a better position against the counter. "I won't get bored," he adds while looking down at his feet. Without a drink, he doesn't know what to do with his hands, so he grabs the counter nervously.
Steve complied and turned against the wall, leaning on his forearms, head pressed against the wet tiles. His cock had softened a little but he arched his back to give Tony full access to his ass. Tony came closer and grabbed his shoulders to kiss him on the nape of his neck, and then on his shoulder blade. He pressed against him and Steve could feel his hard-on poking at the small of his back. He arched more. Tony's right hand slid down his arm slowly and he grabbed Steve's hand, intertwining their fingers together. His left hand was delicately holding his nape and gently brushing his skin.
Bucky is watching the two of them silently. His scent spikes with sparkles of hope.
He pinned his neck on the table while Steve wriggled his ass, equally scared and aroused. He was breathing hard against the wood, his head was spinning with desire, his nape hurt a little. "Tony..." He whimpered, not sure if he wanted to make him stop or encourage him. He didn't have the time to ponder, because Tony spat on his ass and shoved two uncaring fingers inside. Steve moaned half with pleasure, half with pain. He tried to push himself off the table. "Ton—aaaah...."
It was just supposed to be a nod at his boyfriend, give him his full support for the launching of the first arc reactor. Years of labor and battle that culminated into one of the greatest accomplishment in the twenty-first century. So excuse him if he was being a bit of a fanboy but he was
He shivered as Tony's warm breath brushed his skin when he chuckled softly. "You kinda smell like an alpha in rut right now..." He husked out, voice hoarse and spiked with arousal. "And it's driving me crazy, to be honest." His breath was tickling Steve's neck and the sound of his voice went right down his belly. He shivered again, feeling like a jolt of electricity was running up and down his spine. He curled his arms around the alpha's neck, as if needing comfort. "You presented, right?"
He could still taste it, incidentally.
"I think I can manage that." Tony's smile was soft and reassuring and Steve's heart started racing again. He did
"No, I
"Sure." He lets out with a trembling voice. "I'll come on a date with you."
"All right Gregory," She started with a soft understanding voice. "Can you tell me what happened?"
Tony sucked in a plaintive shuddering breath as he felt a pang in his chest.
Tony pushed him against the shelves and ground into him, eager and hungry. He was probably hard too but Steve couldn't really feel it with the fireworks happening in his own pants. He was just trying to keep a clear mind.
"Not talking about sex here, Stevie." Clint explained. "We're talking
Steve! I've found at least
Steve looked at him and felt a pang in his chest. Something bothered him but he didn't know what exactly, like this conversation was not finished yet.
Tony melted into the kiss and chuckled. "Okay." He muttered against his lips, humming with desire while grinding against Steve. He looked into his yes, expectantly.
"Despite all the controversies surrounding the Avengers series, you never stopped supporting each other. Your couple has been facing criticism since SHIELD last press conference but it seems to have brought you two even closer. You have been through so much together, it must have hard on your relationship?"
Tony stopped in his tracks and stared at the food on display with delightful amazement. He turned to Steve with an awed face and a smile filled with silent gratitude. "Wow." He said, eyes back on the food. "This looks amazing." He added while looking at Steve sideways, a skeptical look on his face. "Did you really do all of this?"
being with you is a pain sometimes but it's worth it... because I'm
Tony turned to him and smiled, looking slightly condescending. "Don't look at me like I'm an alcoholic, babe. I'm fucking fine, alright."
"The rest is just as sordid." Steve snapped. "Nothing worth mentioning there."
"So, you are denying that, as many of your followers suggest and believe, you are Captain America and Tony Stark is Iron Man?"
Steve had yet made sure he had erased the smell from him. At least he thought he had. His mother gave him a soft smile.
Steve." Tony justified. "I told you my
Tony gasped and gave Steve an apologetic glance. "I'm just curious..." He defended himself, shaking his head. "'Cause I really don't see anyone there who could possibly be out of your league. You're amazing."
pass out, and ah fuck how amazing it feels to have his knot deep buried inside the omega's throat and making them lose consciousness.
Steve laughs softly. "It's the only place I've found in Brooklyn that offers a 1940s ambiance but maybe I'm still not that good with the internet."
"So, I just braced myself and tried to impress him." Tony explained, "I guess it worked... maybe." His lips shivered slightly but he smiled, expression gentle and melancholic. "Sex was so fucking amazing, I have no word for it."
He remained planted there for a moment, stunned, his body shaking a little—what the fuck had just happened?—but then he snapped out of it and rushed to another bathroom to shower as well, feeling distressed.
our first time. Our first time happened in your old apartment."
you are, Steve. I'm really serious about you."
The answer was so unexpected Steve was unsettled for a moment. "But you're hard." He mumbled, not feeling comfortable with leaving Tony in that state and walking out of the room, with everyone staring at them. "And I can't let you get out of here while looking like this." He ran a hand in his hair, trying to make it behave.
But the man's strong hand clutched his neck and brutally pushed him against the wall behind him. He huffed out a grunt and cringed with pain when his head hit the tiles. This time he was really, literally, pinned against the wall and he turned his head, unable to hold the man's wanton glare. He felt shivers up and down his spine and his chest started heaving heavily as he was losing his breath. His entire body was shaking.
"Unexpected, I guess. I freaked out a little bit. I wanted to be like everyone else. But I guess you're right. Now that I think about it...I think I've always known."
Who is he to refuse?
Something flickered in Tony's eyes for a moment. A little fire in the haze of his chocolate browns. He chuckled nastily. "Okay." He agreed while an evil grin spread on his face.
Tony will eat the bowl regardless and savor the moment. Truth is, Tony doesn't need to be here. He should already be downstairs in fact, but he purposely stays, pretends to be focused on his tablet and busy with work just to enjoy this moment. Just for the pleasure of feeling Steve's hands brush over his back and his wet hair against his skin and having him scowl at him and worry about his health. Truth is, Tony would do anything to make Steve happy. Even eating breakfast when he's not hungry. Even wait three years to finally live together. Even quit smoking, the only bad habit he had wished to keep because it really calmed his nerves. He just wishes he knew how to make Steve happy.
After four weeks Clint started coming back regularly. After six weeks everyone came back to live there. And everyone made a point to spend as much time together as they could. They were rarely on their own and Bucky was smiling a lot. And Steve's friends got to know him, the real him, the carefree and social guy he had always been.
"What can you feel?"
"Tony..." Steve whispered softly against his boyfriend's lips, finally finding the right moment to ask. "Was it true what you said?
Steve felt sorry for his friend but something in his heart clenched and it wasn't about Bucky.
cute." Betty mewled. Everyone seemed to feel the same. Steve was fuming. His heart was still pounding hard in his chest.
to the alpha, but I'm in love with
Obviously that wasn't the answer that Steve expected, or maybe Tony had hit too hard. "You liked it..." Steve choked out, almost breathless. "You
Steve set to avoid his friends for the rest of the day, focusing on his studies and postponing his existential crisis for now. It worked, mostly, until he caught the glimpse of a slender silhouette leaning against the lockers. Eyes focused on his phone, the new guy looked serious, all brains and skills. He was annoyingly giving off a smug vibe.
—that didn't mean it should be disregarded as if it was a fucking phase or something, because Steve was pretty sure it was not. Although he kept doubting, especially because those women had attributes that he definitely didn't have. And Tony was... Tony was fucking amazing, and young and brilliant and had countless hungry suitors ready to snatch him away from him at the first careless mistake he would make.
Tony laughs. "No thanks! I think I can buy my own sex toys, thank you."
"Yeah, but..."
"There you are." Tony said while walking in his direction. There was so much tenderness in his voice it hurt.
Tony's heart is beating so fast and so hard in his chest, the arc reactor accelerates. Tony thinks his brain short-circuited. Did the omega just say that
Tony wished she stopped saying things that made him want to slit his own throat. He didn't need any help, he just needed to get out of here.
Tony ignores the sparkle of electricity he felt at the simple touch with Steve. He ignores also the way Steve's face turned lewd for a fraction of a second, and the way his scent sweetened. He focuses on his daughter's babbling instead. Felicia is all that matters in his life. Everything else is swept aside from his brain and from his heart.
Tony doesn't need his AI to remind him that he's on the verge to lose it and that his cock is just ready to knot, against his own free will. He's noticed that himself, thank you. The distress grows more intense in the omega's scent and Tony is... Tony is... Tony is
"I was a confused brat then," Tony continued, "and maybe I had no idea what was happening between us. Maybe I didn't how to handle what we had... But I'm almost twenty-eight now...and I
Her eyes sent daggers and her mouth was deliciously curled into a pout. She was one of those people who just needed to glare at you to put you in your place. She gave Steve shivers. He froze and remained standing there, silent and helpless, arms dangling on his sides. Her perfume permeated the corridor, dizzying. His heart started racing again. Women were scary.
Tony insisted. "I wanna know."
Steve demanded the truth, Tony had none.
Tony chuckled. "Your mum's here?" He asked incredulously.
The words came out difficulty with the lump in his throat but he forced them out, swallowing again. "Later, babe." He croaked. "I need to send this e-mail first."
It escalated. Steve had always had too much rage to himself. Sometimes he couldn't contain it. Tony never minded but he'd rather feel Steve's tenderness than his rage in his touch right now.
raped. He wasn't assaulted. Nothing happened that he didn't agree to, at least once, beforehand, he thought... probably. Not that he remembered much... So yeah, Tony had possibly managed to get himself sexually assaulted once or twice in his life, shit happens, and it wasn't like he hadn't deserved it anyway, but not tonight. He was sure—almost sure—possibly—sure—of it.
"Have a good day at work." He says with a dark twinkle in his eyes. "I'll see you tonight."
He let Tony suffer for about fifteen minutes more before climbing behind him on the bed and settling between his spread legs. He slapped his butt which pushed the toy out of Tony's ass. "Up on your knees," he said while pushing the dildo back inside. When Tony was on all four, back arched up, Steve shoved the toy as deep as he could. Tony keened painfully. Then, Steve added his fingers.
He heard his boyfriend twist and turn on the bed. "Mmmmh, how I'd love to see that."
"The love of his life." Bucky answered nonchalantly. "A transfer student from London who came in our school during 3rd grade. He chased after her during the entire year in fourth and fifth grades. She went back to England in Junior High. I don't think he recovered, actually." He kept on, as if Steve wasn't even there.
And yeah, he did. His boyfriend glanced at him sheepishly, half the beads already in his mouth, looking like a hamster making provisions. He made a choked gurgling noise.
"What do you mean "since when"? Since when is that kind of information relevant to you? I need you to come tonight, end of. And you'll show them your progresses on the project. It will be good for you to meet our clients. It is time for me to start introducing you."
"Uh."
Tony didn't answer and stepped away, staring resignedly from afar. Message received. Loud and clear. The man had the reins of Tony's life and everything Tony got was because he let him. Now he was letting the leash loose but just enough to keep Tony in line. Tony could fuck whoever he wanted sure, as long as his ass remained Obie's only, but dating... dating he couldn't.
say no. Although it's much much easier to say it knowing that he belongs to Steve. There isn't much certainty in Tony's life but this is one of them. A constant, a truth that Tony is holding on to, to keep himself afloat.
Steve was still shaken, his entire body still shuddering. He felt hot and cold at the same time and a bead of sweat was dripping down his spine. He wiped a hand down his face and sighed, unable to acknowledge his own emotions at the moment.
girlfriend. And Steve was... Steve was... still undetermined. And small, and sickly, and... and boring. And insecure...
completely stoned and humping each other right now, it's totally fine. Tony knows exactly what to do. Even if he, himself, is also pretty out of it. Flying to Lalaland, floating on a raft somewhere—or rather gushing—downwards a flooding river or waterfalls, in a whirlwind of omega pheromones.
Tony shrugged again, his curiosity finally satisfied. "Okay."
our intimacy, our story, the
Tony gritted his teeth. Even the soft tone of his voice rubbed him the wrong way. "What do you want, dad?"
Tony shrugs, trying to be nonchalant but Steve can see how awkward he feels right now. "Well you've always wanted to try so I thought, you know... We never got the chance to do it in the end and I... I'd like that... I think... If you ever... want to?"
"Pepper?"
He fetched the coffee first, abrupt, awkward, his silent stare still locked in Steve's eyes. He must be starving too, Steve thought and found the gesture endearing despite everything else.
He squeezed his boyfriend's hand back and smiled to himself, light-hearted.
"Apparently you two went on a trip and that was it, you swept him of his feet then." Bucky snarked, knowing much more about this that his comment implied.
The whole thing unsettled Steve for a moment. It was all—unexpected, but nice, really nice and Steve felt overwhelmed by the warm and fuzzy feelings fluttering in his chest.
Brillance made Steve feel hot. Genius made him feel hot.
Steve smiled, despite himself. "Why are you alone?"
Tony knew exactly what he was gonna do, he had a plan. But first, he needed to get wasted.
Tony didn't say anything. He wasn't smiling, he just listened carefully and stared into Steve's eyes. Steve had the beginning of a grin spreading on his face. He grabbed the lapels of his boyfriend's coat and looked at his chest, avoiding the intensity of his stare. "Does it bother you?" He asked in a soft voice. "What happened between us?"
Oh he
And oh! Fuck!
"No, I mean I'm not allowed."
"What drugs?"
alpha. I've shared a heat with
"Good!" Steve joked. "'cause I'm never gonna let any alpha bond me, ever."
Tony stopped talking, finally and now he was sitting across from Steve, a few feet away. His legs were loosely crossed at the ankles and his arms were wrapped around his knees, to get warmer or to hold them up, Steve wasn't sure. The smoke of his first cigarette of the day was dancing around him like a silk veil hiding the blissed glint in his eyes and the warm and gentle smile on his lips.
It took all but one cycle for them to synchronize. Bucky was the first to have his heat. It didn't last long. Two days. Heats are shorter when you have young pups in the pack. It was—well, he hasn't got many accurate words to describe it. Amazing, sensational, mind-blowing.
"Steve! Come on!"
Everything was blurry but he knew what to look for. He didn't need the whole picture, just to focus on the relevant details. His hand skimmed over the warm half-naked bodies. He made sure to make eye contact every time. No need for words, he was confident his smile would convey his purpose perfectly.
Steve couldn't repress a laugh and felt the tears prickle at the corner of his eyes. He disentangled himself from his boyfriend and leant his forehead against his back, holding himself on his hips. "You seem to forget that T'Challa had a major insurmountable flaw," he whispered and paused for emphasis, "one that made it absolutely impossible for us to build anything sustainable."
Steve didn't pay much attention to the lecture for the remaining fifteen minutes. The boy was sitting right in the middle of his line of sight, at the perfect angle. He was two rows before and placed exactly where Steve could stare inconspicuously without anyone noticing. The boy was listening carefully, or pretending too, Steve wasn't so sure yet. He was slightly slouched on his seat, enough to give him a nonchalant attitude without being outwardly rude either. His legs were spread wide as if showing off an impressive package down there, not that Steve had been looking anyway. Actually, he'd rather look at his right hand. It was rough and skillful, playing swiftly with a pen, making it roll around it smoothly, like it was nothing.
James—or whoever he is—deserved better. They both do.
The ride ended in relative silence. Tony seemed restless. Steve pretended not to notice. He just glanced at him furtively when he wasn't looking, a little worried. When they finally got home Tony couldn't wait to get out of the elevator to escape the uncomfortable proximity with Steve. Steve watched him rushed out to the dining room while taking off his clothes and scattering them all around, feeling a pang in his chest.
Tony was very gentle and respectful and never brutal and he treated Steve with care like he was the most precious thing on earth. And Steve liked that. A lot. The kiss ended slowly as they both kept nipping at each other lips, tasting each other's mouth, breathing each other's smells. It was glorious, despite Tony's wet clothes.
It wasn't enough for Obie apparently and he pushed harder on Tony's back to make him fall on his knees, which was almost relieving because Tony wasn't sure his shaky legs would have held him much longer. His knees hit the tiled floor and hurt. The man used that moment of confusion to grab Tony's wrists in one strong and powerful hand and pushed his head into the toilet bowl, at least it was relatively clean... He held his head down into the water until Tony choked and kept pounding into him. The slide was easier now, as if Tony had somehow self-lubricated, and he started feeling it. Because, yeah, he was fucked-up like that. He didn't have the time to enjoy himself however because Obie grunted and jerked inside of him. Tony knew he had come. It had only lasted a few minutes.
Tony fondles the omega's face during the entire time they're knotted. He takes care of him, reassures,
"Sure." He whispered, voice a little husky. The sound spreading warmth inside Steve like a fire.
"I err..." He stuttered. "I guess Tony made quite the impression on me when I first met him but... I don't know, things have been... so
He nods silently while biting his bottom lip and Tony gives him a reassuring smile.
"Arrghh, I'm worn out." He wheezed out. "You're killing me, Rogers."
"I live here, don't I?" He says with a voice full of innuendoes.
"You kinda look like you need a drink, right now." He explained, then he added. "And I kinda need your help."
"I never wanted to hurt you."
Sure, he used to love it. His favorite subject, after art. He loved reading, he loved understanding the hidden meaning behind his favorite books, he loved talking about it. English class used to be a haven of peace for him.
And then Steve regained his consciousness and realized that Tony had kissed him and that he wanted that again. He looked at him and reached out a hand. Tony must have felt it somehow because he turned back to him, eyes intent on him. He was deliciously flushed and looked a little insecure. the sight of him so cute it churned Steve's stomach.
He gazed at the V of his back hunched over the railing, contemplating the pensive expression on his face. He could only see a quarter of his face but could distinguish his characteristic pout on his lips and the red dot of the cigarette bud in his hand shining in the eerie night. He seemed to let it waste away rather than smoke it. Steve shuddered and wrapped himself in the jumper while he joined him. He grabbed the iron bar, resisting the urge to snuggle against him, somehow sensing that it wasn't the right moment for it. He was standing at a distance, leaving space between them not to be overbearing, but close enough to feel his warmth still.
And Tony gasped, in fear,
but his throat is too wrecked to say anything but it doesn't matter because Tony
It took them about three months to get back to their former intimacy—Bucky and him. It was shy at first. Timid attempts and tentative touches. Mostly cuddling. Steve initiated it most go the time. A small caress on his knee or an innocent hand sliding across his lower back. Fingers brushing each other's hair. Noses nuzzling into each other's neck, trying to immerse themselves in each others' scents. Warm and soothing tongues licking each others' bonding glands. Bucky's pulsated too, not like Steve's. It wasn't burning , it wasn't desperately aching with need. But it was enough for him to get riled up every time Tony's scent lingered for too long. They were both seeking comfort, needing the touch, needing the warmth. They were just doing what all omegas do. In the quietness and privacy of their nest.
That's basically all his omegas want right now, it seems, and Tony has all the time in the world for meeting their other needs. It's gonna be the fucking longest night of his entire life.
"Johan." He said with a tired sigh.
"I guess we did." Bucky admitted.
Steve raised bored eyes to him. "What? Enjoying the freak show? or did you come for a blowjob, too?" Tony let out a surprised giggle and flashed wide-open eyes at him. "'cause let me tell you. I lied. I
Clint tsks and stares down at him with a frown. "How many have you had?"
The man quickly stood up and pulled his pants back up, leaving Tony lying half-naked and filled with cum on the toilet bowl, as if nothing had happened.
The question was oddly specific and Steve parted his lips helplessly. He realized that he didn't have any answer to that question. When did he realize Tony was the one? Was Tony
Steve averted his eyes and pretended to look at the screen. "It was the portrait of an angel." Steve choked out. He felt Tony's gaze scorch his skin.
Steve looked at him concernedly, something sad pooling in his eyes, and Tony felt bad. "Are you okay?" He asked and sounded awfully worried. The tone made Tony feel sick again. Steve shouldn't have to worry that much over his shitty self. He wasn't worth it.
When it was over, the blissful, mind-blown smile remained plastered on his face for
Tony was out of it when his boyfriend demanded answers.
Not that it was a big deal—it
The silence lingered.
Everyone could feel the tension between them but no-one paid attention. Or at least they were nice enough to pretend they didn't.
Steve hesitated. Apart from Sam, Bucky and Clint, no-one knew his secret. "I..." He pinched his lips and wetted them with his tongue. "I haven't presented yet. I'm not allowed to go."
Tony gasps and loses balance. He giggles in surprise and gasps again. "Don't bite me!" He chokes out in between giggles, tone desperately worried. "Please don't bite me." His arms curl around Steve however, keeping him close into his embrace, and gasps again when he nuzzles in the crook of his neck. Steve grabs his boyfriend's hips and clenches. He represses the urge to grind against him and starts mouthing gently his way along the line of Tony's square jaw and Tony moves his head away, smile hesitant. His eyes are hazy and his confidence starts fading as his desire fires up. Steve can smell it.
He shook his head again, looking down in shame.
It is something he has been wanting to do for a long time. Something he loves. Something Steve rarely lets him do, because Steve prefers doing it himself. James loves when Tony looks up at him and sucks his cock however. His whole demeanor changes. He becomes confident and dares run strong and powerful fingers through Tony's hair as he swallow his erect shaft down his throat. Slick flows down his toned thighs, smelling amazing. Tony pulls his mouth away to lick it up and makes James shake like a leaf.
"You think so?" Tony asked, voice high-pitched and sounding very unconvinced.
"Is that because you got it into your head that you're into alphas?"
Steve shook his head. "That's not what I wanted to say anyway..." He started, looking down, avoiding Tony's hot gaze on him. "What I mean is...You didn't have to apologize, Tony. You didn't do anything wrong. I was just... I just... It started and I freaked out but you were amazing last night and I'm the one who's sorry for not realizing sooner. I mean... I would have loved being your date at that dance. I never thought... I always thought you were out my league and I just... I couldn't see and you were so subtle and amazing and... And I'm sorry I've been a jerk. To you and... And I hope you can forgive me."
He needed something better than coke, that lasted longer. He was thinking GHB or crystal meth, best when you were planning to indulge in sex, especially the kind of sex Tony wanted to indulge in right now. Tony hoped it would hurt. He hoped he would feel it for days afterwards, maybe that the sex would
"We're still talking about it, though. We
He was everything Steve wanted to be. He was
"Good." Steve concluded. "Cause if you're not, I'm warning you, I won't let it go so easily. I'll keep kissing you, and cuddling you, and snuggle against you, until you are. I'm a leech."
He was late again and this time, it was totally his fault.
what happened. There was nothing serious or romantic about it."
Everyone startled and tried to decipher the truth from Tony's enigmatic words, at first. They stared confusedly at him and then at Steve with skeptical looks and embarrassed smiles. Who could blame them? They all knew of their history. But rapidly though, the smiles turned genuine and moved expressions appeared on their faces.
Steve freaked out. "Two hours!!?" He exclaimed. "Tony..."
"Do you want me to tell you what happened?" Clint asks in a serious tone, still pressing his shoulder with a heavy hand. "Although it's kinda blurry in my head too."
"What do you say we take this party somewhere more private, Greg?" The man whispered huskily on his lips.
Steve was already in love.
Tony chuckled. "Your presence is always welcome there, you know that."
He forages for the said box, which is
"Get off your suppressants." He slurs into his ear. The words sounds like an order but the tone is slightly supplicant.
Tony turned around and leant back against the railing, hands grabbing the iron bar behind him. He stared right at Steve and there was no gentleness in those eyes. "Was it that important to you? Buying your own place?" Steve froze, heart clenching. The rough coldness of his tone was like a punch in the guts. "That you needed to sell your
gonna get bored."
"Take your fucking time to answer," Steve spat again, sounding cold and bitter. " 'cause I really have the whole fucking night."
"You sure? 'Cause I don't wanna get in trouble with a certain someone for getting you drunk off your face. You know how scary your boyfriend can be."
Well, that was...
Tony didn't say anything but he kept staring at Steve, studying him thoroughly. "I can't believe you haven't presented, yet... I... I was so sure about you."
Tony hummed questioningly, voice sounding exhausted.
"It's just temporary."
JARVIS did not answer but Steve tried to speak to Tony anyway, sensing that the AI might be on his side. "Tony, please let me in." There was no answer but Steve tried again. "I brought down food for you."
Steve took the invitation.
The light in the living room is a little blinding and his gaze searches for Steve. He immediately focuses on his boyfriend and stares at him. He definitely—
When the first lights of the morning sneaks in, they are licking their wounds, entangled into each other's arms. That was far way better than all their wildest dreams combined.
Tony hesitated. He suddenly felt the pain throbbing in his ass and shivered. He couldn't look the nurse in the eyes. For one second he was tempted to say yes but refrained. "No."
Tony locked himself up in his workshop for three days in a row.
Steve tugged on his coat to get closer. "Yeah, but it bothers you, right?" He whispered. "Even just a little...?" He didn't wait for Tony to answer to smile more widely. Tony would never admit it but Steve could see right through him. "I never thought I'd finally see the day when Tony Stark is jealous." He said, smugly happy.
He fucked his throat, but wasn't able to come in the end. The guy did, though. Tony counted that as a victory.
Steve slipped under the cover and spooned his boyfriend, wrapping dirty-intentioned arms around him. His hands slowly and gently enlaced around his boyfriend. One hand slipped underneath his head, in the small space between his neck and the pillow, the other curled around his hip and started roaming aimlessly up and down his torso, splayed on the hard muscles of his chest. Tony stirred again and groaned, wriggling against Steve. The latter planted a soft kiss right behind his boyfriend's ear and Tony twitched and gasped with the sensation, still half-asleep.
He needs to do something. What? Right, he remembers.
Just as much as you do."
He lets himself be surrounded however, the smell so comforting, enveloping him in a sweet and soft embrace.
"Take off the condom, I want to feel you. I want to feel everything."
Steve smiles, looking at him sidelong. He is leaning against the back of the couch, arms crossed on his huge chest, and chuckles softly, expression amused.
"Coming back to mine?" He whispered.
He didn't know if Tony had noticed the hostility in Sam's not so innocent question but Tony's smile faded and a glimpse of vulnerability crossed his eyes. He wetted his lips and paused, seemingly thinking thoroughly about it, before he answered with a provocative smile.
Obie let out a lewd moan as he thrust into his throat. "Mmmh. I like your enthusiasm, boy." He said while his hand delicately cupped his jaw and pushed him away. "but I won't be able to hold it in if you keep going like this."
"Your point sucks, guys! What are you trying to achieve anyway, bringing up all my exes? Apart from really pissing me off? Besides, you're kind of done now, with your petty list..."
Tony ignored him and crossed the room so fast Steve was caught off guard. He didn't even react when Tony caught his head with his two callused hands and pulled him in for a kiss. He only realized what was happening the moment he felt his breath on his mouth and the soft touch of his coffee-tasting lips.
I mean, what the fuck? I had never seen anyone stand up to my dad before.
Steve ignored the pang in his chest. He wouldn't let this undermine his determination. He wasn't giving up. "Tell him I'll wait."
She squeezed his hands, keep them warm in hers. "Then make it right."
Except...
Tony had thought Steve was different.
"There's a boy I like." He admitted, feeling light-hearted, the image of Tony so clear in his mind. He was really handsome and smart and Steve wanted to make him happy. He thought about everything that had happened last night. And how he had never seen this coming. Tony had been... He had been so subtle in his approach. Steve had been a massive asshole. "We might have kissed." His mother gave him a gentle, understanding smile, eyes nostalgic. "I've been an asshole to him."
Tony moaned softly into his ear while Steve kissed his neck. His pants accelerated and with strong and resolute arms, he grabbed Steve's butt, pushing him deeper inside and taking control again. Now he was leading the pace, meeting Steve's thrusts with small jerks of his hips, controlling each of their movement. "Keep going, I'm close." He sighed and threw his head back, arching his back and hissing little choked out breaths.
"I don't have a crush." He insisted. "I'm just jealous."
Tony gave him a gentle smile. "I think you're special, regardless of your gender."
I can do. If you ever... If you need. It'd be nothing to me. Nothing at all."
Tony he—he has
The second Steve set a foot on the school ground he bitterly regretted not using a scent-confuser. To be completely honest, he had almost gotten used to being the only male omega in the school. He could even say he had almost
Steve huffed out a shocked gasp. "You lied to my face." He choked out but still felt a happy grin creeping on his face at the same time. It seemed it didn't really matter anymore.
Tony turns his head to him and stares intensely into his eyes. He searches something in there for a moment, keeping silent.
Hope you liked it! Any kind of feedbacks would make me tremendously happy! :)
He had nothing to say for himself, except that today had been a fucking rollercoaster of emotions and he couldn't even describe how he felt about the whole thing. He just... He hadn't wanted to acknowledge them. Everything had been going fine, the whole evening had been perfect. They had been happy, even if in the back of his head he knew that something had been off all along. But now everything was coming back to him like a fucking boomerang, and the question could have been innocent, for anyone else, but the tone... The tone was biting, just like Tony could, sometimes, hurt you in the deepest part of your soul with simple words thrown unexpectedly at your face, as hard and cold as frozen stones.
Tony was a little caught off guard but melted into the kiss and started moaning into Steve's mouth. He brought his hand onto Steve's and he grabbed his wrist with a firm grip. Not to remove Steve's hand but to keep it there, warm against the skin of his neck. Steve deepened the kiss, Tony let him and gently brushed his cheek with his other hand, eyes intense on him. They kissed again and it lasted, as neither of them was ready to let go. Tony grabbed his neck. Steve tangled his fingers in Tony's way too perfect hair and tousled it. They licked and they bit and groaned into each other's mouth until the car the stopped. It was so hot Steve was already half-hard.
to. My dad would never let me out of the house if I didn't."
He wanted his old life back. He wanted everything. He wanted.
Steve went slow and deep, playing with the toy from time to time, waiting for Tony to adjust to the double intrusion until he lost patience and started fucking fast and hard into him.
Tony tsked and looked away. "I'm not jealous..."
Sorry about the long pause. I've been having issues with my health recently (nothing serious, don't worry) and I haven't been able to write anything.
Tony looked down and shrugged, avoiding his boyfriend's furious stare. "I don't know." He whispered, forcing the words out of his throat painfully.
He tentatively tried to contact it, remembering that in the 5th Avenue mansion, you could just address it—
"And I feel like it's a temporary thing that's going to last forever."
"Nope. You wait until I'm finished."
Now he has a daughter. And she needs him.
It's Steve. And his boyfriend wraps himself around him silently and presses his head on his back, right between his shoulder blades. He says nothing but his hands curl around Tony's sides and squeeze him tight.
Clint's smile softens and he looks away, staring into space. "We have..." He says elusively.
He looked like he was
"You hungry?" He asked softly and didn't let Steve answer before suggesting to eat. "Jarvis made cookies if you want. Peanut butter." Steve's favorite. Did he know? How did he know?
? Why did Steve keep insisting on talking about this now?
Thor should know better than just casually touch Tony like that though, because half of the time he speaks to him, Tony's barely listening, what with being obsessed with the broadness of his chest and all. It's hard to stay focused, especially when he's already gulped down his second beer. Sometimes he even goes as far as to picture in his head all those sexual positions he is sure Thor would be capable of doing with Jane, when gifted with such a built. The Kama Sutra can't compete with Tony's wild imagination.
First there is James—or Bucky, he isn't sure anymore. James is perfect. His melancholic grayish blue eyes are shining with admiration. His submission is given freely. His loyalty is boundless. He manages the house and their daughter with a fastidious attention that is almost scary. He looks after him with tender loving care, tends to his every need. He has been there for him when Tony was digging the bottom. He has pulled him out, slowly. He soothed the pain. He made sure he ate. He was just there and he gave him love and affection, everything.
Stark Industry.
not submissive.
Tony doesn't really have a choice however. Steve and Loki are already deeply in the process of catching things up. He doesn't even want to try to get involved. He's at least three drinks short for that. Hopefully Clint will join soon.
Tony hadn't mentioned JARVIS during the tour, maybe he had been afraid Steve would be freaking out about the idea that an immaterial entity would have eyes and ears on every fucking things he did, which, to be honest, kind of did freak him out. But he seriously doubted Tony hadn't already configured the AI to supervise the entire Tower.
"Yeah, but he's hot!" Tony teased. "And I'm pretty sure he's got a big dick."
Steve had sat up and looked at his boyfriend burrowing through the sheets with a fond smile. He brushed gentle fingers on his face, removing his damp hair from his forehead. "JARVIS?" He called out. "I'm taking the day off too."
"Yeah. Yeah. We got it." Bucky interrupted in a sigh. "I don't think you're omega, though. You always thought you were gonna present as an alpha. What's changed?"
Tony didn't say anything but he nodded slowly and planted a kiss on Steve's hand before he turned around and slumped on the mattress. "Steve?" He mumbled softly, head buried in the pillows. "Please, don't ever let me become my father."
The nurse looked at them funny, Steve squeezed his hand appeasingly. Tony's heart was racing.
The scent is sudden. Sweet and heady, overwhelming. Very much
When his mum got back she threw a pile of condoms to his face. A little shocked, Steve asked her what that was for.
His boyfriend didn't answer but he let go of his hands to grab his face and pulled him down for a languorous kiss. "I love you." He whispered huskily in Steve's mouth. Steve melted into his strong embrace and shivered all over. He wrapped his arms around him and snuggled into his neck, seeking his protective warmth. He could feel Tony's heart pounding hard against his.
Tony breathed in a couple of restorative breaths and smiled proudly. "Too bothersome. I made it alright, didn't I?"
It doesn't happen right away. They wait. Steve needs some time. He needs to get his head around it and Tony is understanding. There is a difference between imagination and reality. The gap is huge sometimes. Tony settles down first, he will stay here two nights in a row. That's a first. They take their time, have something to eat, cuddle, a lot, watch TV together, fingers intertwined and they kiss and kiss and kiss again, exploring each other's body.
here." Steve snapped back.
"I used to send Jarvis in recon and I would break in," Tony went on. "I made sure I didn't move or touch anything, sometimes I took a small nap in your bed.... I didn't stay long, just enough for my heart to settle down, and then I left and went back to my life..." Steve felt a panicky shudder shake through his entire body. He huffed out a painful breath and tightened his embrace even more, making it hard for his boyfriend to breathe. He heard him gasp. "I'm not a good person, Steve." Tony let out in a choked whimper.
In his hurried race toward his locker, he bumped into a muscular chest and lifted his eyes, and met a mischievous smile. Bucky was smirking to him, eyes playful and mocking. He was leaning on the locker next to Steve's, school bag tucked onto his shoulder and legs nonchalantly crossed. He tilted his head on the side, slightly provoking, when Steve look up at him.
"You're right, it was perfect between us." Steve continued. "And you're
Bucky stares at him bewilderedly. It takes him a moment to register the words. They make no sense to him. The alpha hasn't needed him for anything ever since the omega came back to live with the pack. And even before, even when he actually needed him, he had never asked for his help. His hands shake and he parts his lips helplessly, speechless. Felicia's cries intensify and his instincts call to him and he turns his head to the door, feeling the irrepressible urge to  go.  Except Steve's hand grabs his wrist before he can reach the handle.
it. So you can call me out on my shit. You can rebuke me for not telling you about Pepper, or carrying things on with Obie, or for acting shitty and selfish all the time." He paused, eyes intent on him. "But
Steve grinned. "Barely." He replied.
Steve doesn't answer right away and Tony supposes he must be a little perplexed, maybe a little annoyed too, but he doesn't say it outwardly. "'kay." He mutters after a short hesitating while. And then he speaks on the phone again. "Oh and, by the way, Tony's coming."
Steve shrugged. "Don't know, Wanda seems... the complete opposite of you."
The thought made him blush even more and he felt his cheeks heat with embarrassment. Tony's smile softened and something beautiful glimmered in his dark eyes.
But he pushed his luck too far. And he broke Steve... he had
The reaction was immediate. Tony jerked in surprise, body trembling all over. He was propped up on his arms again and sucked in a sharp painful breath, half a whine, half a hiss. He hunched his back and started panting heavily, letting out little wheezing noise and cringing with pain.
Tony lets out a surprised laugh as he takes his first drag and almost chokes because of it. "Not that much actually..." He says with a broken voice while puffing out the smoke through his nose. He keeps playing with the contents of the box, taking out the weirdest stuff and examining it with the precision of a scientist.
By the time Natasha and Clint came back from the kitchen with food and drinks, Steve had already forgotten about his misplaced feelings of unnecessary jealousy. It surely had something to do with the fact that most of the time they spent together was just the two of them. Steve didn't not feel insecure then.
There were flashes and a huge crowd and Steve should have expected it but every time it happened, he was just as helpless and unprepared as he was the first time.
Steve huddled on himself as if their personalities were so big they needed more space and ignored the jealous pang of his heart while clenching his feet and gritting his teeth discreetly. Tony gave him a last regretful glance and followed Natasha on the dance floor where everyone was having fun without him. He stared at the two of them for a moment, jealousy roiling at the bottom of his stomach, and then he watched Tony dance with Potts, so gracefully it hurt.
Sam gave up and went to the dance floor with the others. Steve felt bad. A little pang of mislaid guilt. He looked down at his feet and twisted his fingers together, curling them in anxiety and boredom. The music was too loud and his heart started racing unexplainably, beating hard in his chest. Steve tried to calm himself down and regretted coming here. What did he expect really?
Wasn't such a big deal... was it? Nothing that hadn't happened to Tony plenty of times before. He didn't need that much concern and fussing over but Steve didn't seem to be willing to let go. "I'm taking you to the hospital. End of." He insisted, assertive and unyielding, and Tony knew better that try to change his stubborn mind, especially now. When Steve had decided something, there was little he could do to prevent it, so he complied docilely. He was in no condition to fight his boyfriend once again anyway. Tony would rather be waiting for hours in a hospital with Steve than be anywhere else without him.
Steve... Steve who hurt him more than one can bear, Steve whom
needed to call Steve. He needed to be strong enough and let him know, at least.
They hadn't really talked about it beforehand, figured they would when the time came but then Tony looked lost and vulnerable and he was so ready for Steve. They had let their instincts do the rest, always careful, asking for consent, and for approval, each step of the way. It was majestic. Soft and slow and powerful and amazing.
Tony had a strange moment of reluctance. He didn't know why but his first reflex was to clench his fist and grit his teeth in an illusive protest. Obie must have seen the fire in his eyes, his response was immediate. Tony suddenly felt a strong and dominant slap on his face. One meant to hurt. Enough to slap the last of his reluctance away, to remind him whom he belonged to. His face was yanked on the side, turning his eyes away. His cheek burnt.
Steve's heart made a leap. "I'm
He is crazy. He knows very well he is. Although he tries not to show it too much because the last thing he wants is too be sent to a psycho ward and drugged until there's nothing left of him but a vegetative human-like being, constantly stoned and addicted to anxiolytics. He likes to tell himself it should be fine as long as he's not a danger to other people and he is almost confident he has things to offer to the world before that happens. Besides, he's always had an acute sense of self-preservation. It is a bit contradictory, he'll admit, but no matter how much he tried to hurt himself in the past, his survival instinct always seemed to disagree with that. Maybe he should see this as a sign? Who knows... He has stopped now, anyway, he thinks. Life is too fucking beautiful.
A cartoon Iron Man sulking and tapping his foot on the floor energetically and a cartoon Captain America on his knees, hands in a prayer, imploring him with large droopy eyes and a balloon reading: "Sorry."
Steve gasped and shuddered and felt a tear flow down his cheek slowly at the sudden painful twinge in his heart. He paced quickly to him and wrapped his arms around his waist from behind, nestling his face between his shoulder blades. Tony took his hand in his and fondled the inside of his palm with his thumb. Silent. Loving. And grateful...
Clint shrugs and mumbles, pretending to be upset, and failing, what with the huge grin on his face. "I would have disinfected them..."
"I know where we should go." One of the two other guys said. "It's barely a ten minute walk from here."
Tony stared into his eyes, hesitant. That was a question he had never asked himself actually, pain had always been part of his sex life. Except, maybe, with Steve? That was also a question he didn't want to think about now. Sex with those guys better hurt, because that was what Tony was here for. Get hurt. Get humiliated. Get what he deserved. Anything else made him feel extremely uncomfortable.
He carried on, tone resolutely reproachful. "You're fine with exposing
"I made pancakes." She said perkily.
He did have pretty intense feelings for Tony. He'd had them for a while, although it took him a long time to make sense of them. His mind went all over the place, suddenly overwhelmed with rushes of forgotten emotions and intense memories. When did he fell in love with Tony? Could he really answer that question honestly? Even only to himself.
Tony dropped his head in the pillows and burst out laughing. "Yeah," he said softly, voice a little lewd. "I do remember. We did it bareback. It was awesome..." He smiled, lost in his thoughts and hummed softly. "I'm still wondering though," he added, "why you keep forgetting our firsts. That
Tony's mind derailed for a split second. "I need a drink." He just said.
He needed to call Steve.
He couldn't do anything but plead and beg and comply, paralyzed with fear and desire. Equally repulsed, equally aroused.
he wanted to cry. his body was burning inside and out. His insides were mush and his brain out of order. Already he was noticing changes in his body and it took him a moment to realize how hard he was. It had never happened before. Not like this, not so intensely.
It's a weird, excruciating, feeling.
Tony did. He gasped and his knees buckled and his legs were shaking. He brought a soft gentle hand to his face, entangling his fingers into Steve's hair. Steve's body vibrated at the gentle gesture filled with amazed gratitude. He nodded softly, silently telling Tony that he could fuck into his throat if he wanted to, but it wasn't enough, Tony had lost the confidence. So he pulled away and with a raspy, broken voice he looked up at his boyfriend intently and whispered softly. "You can fuck my face if you want."
"What are you doing here?" The alpha asks. "Did you need anything?"
"Mr Stark, Sir, is *hum* busy." The computerized voice answered after a reflective silence. "I'm supposed to let you know that you are firmly advised to go home. Mr Stark shall be busy for a while."
to consider it." Tony's eyes were burning with a dark glow and his features were hard and untouchable. "I'm really starting to wonder if that's the place that's not right..." He hissed.
Steve added, eyes plunged into Tony's, very much determined
hasn't he? Everything's under control. And if he's got two omegas—two omegas,
He pulls on the railings, stretching his legs, and looks down. The height is dizzying. His head is spinning anyway. He's still drunk and stoned and the combination doesn't seem to suit him well tonight. He's restless and queazy. There's a growing lump in his throat, he feels like crying it out but stops himself and feels like a failure. He looks down again and lets the void absorb him. He's got trouble keeping his breathing steady. He sounds a little panicky. He wants to jump. It's a recurrent thought. One he had for decades. Not a thing he would ever act on though. It's just the idea of it, of jumping off and be free, feel the fresh air hurting his lungs and blinding his eyes, feel the gravity and air pressure on all his limbs. He wishes he could jump out and fly away but he knows that in the real world, not suit of armor will catch him in flight.
Tony didn't protest, he just chuckled once more and somehow his laugh turned into silent sobs, muffled in the crook of his neck, and Steve's felt another pang in his chest. He curled his arms around Tony's head and held him tight against him, as tight as he could without literally choking him.
"Amaryllises."
Steve decided to go after all.
Steve's eyes flare open, his eyes tingle with tears, the dim light suddenly blinding. He gasps wheezingly. A long exhausted and fearful gasp. It's like being struck by lightning, it's like seeing the light for the first time. It's like touching the stars. It's the most powerful high.
He repeats, louder, with all his intent. He will
Steve ignored the pang in his chest and swallowed the lump forming in his throat. He felt his eyes prickle. Never before Tony had been so hard and inflexible with him. He felt like he was in front of another person. He breathed in a shuddering sigh.
The sun was warm, despite the seasonal cold, and they had blankets and cushions and everything to be comfortable. And there was something dangerously exciting about fucking on the rooftop of Steve's building on a winter Sunday morning. Steve rocked his hips on his boyfriend's crotch to make his intentions clear.
She left. At least, Steve thought she did. His hands were shaking and he realized as he looked around that he had dropped his bag and his portfolio. Everything in it was scattered on the floor, stomped on by the students walking to class. All his work. All those hours spent perfecting these sketches. Wasted.
Get the fuck off me, you reek!"
"Here's your coffee." He said softly, trying to sound kind.
The silence lingered and this time it was heavy. "And?" Tony asked after a moment. Steve wondered for a short while if Tony had asked if he had been sandwiched after all or Steve's opinion on the whole things. He figured it was the former and answered.
"They're the one who always make it about us." Steve grumbled against his boyfriend's lips. "We can't help it if our life is amazingly fascinating and theirs are so boring they always need to meddle into ours..."
"I'm gonna fuck you raw and dry, babe." Steve let out before he realized what he had just said. Tony let out a soft keening sound and spread his legs even more, gasping at each of Steve's movement. It was so fucking beautiful!
Tony flinches back and parts his lips. He stares at him silently, dumbfounded. The atmosphere is suddenly heavy, almost forlorn. "I'm sorry..." Tony whispers with a broken voice. He keeps staring but this time he really
It doesn't matter now, because his plan worked. He couldn't stand that situation anymore. He couldn't have them both and pretend he didn't see they were miserable. He loves them so much.
Tony shrugged.
Tony pulled on his gloves, screwed his beanie on his head, leaving his hair falling over his forehead which highlighted the reddish color of his stubbled cheeks, and snuggled inside his coat. Then he blew white puffs of hot breath on his gloved hands to warm up and stared at the sky, grinning sheepishly, while waiting for Steve to get ready as well.
Tony feels a pang in his chest. He doesn't even know why. It's none of his business, actually. Clint just looks down suddenly and he feels for him. "I always pictured future you with kids." He says hoarsely.
As usual, he was in a hurry and trotted breathlessly behind his two friends, always a few steps behind. He didn't always do it on purpose. Just...Let's say it was easier for them to make their way through the crowded school hall than it was for him. Plus, he always had more books to carry.
Tony whined again, protestingly, and slithered away. It wasn't spiteful but rather amused. "I just really need to pee."
was what he would have answered if he had had the chance, but Tony didn't let him and before he could understand what was happening to him, the alpha had jumped on him and Steve felt the pressure of his soft, beautiful lips against his and a jolt of electricity ran through him, down his spine and along his limbs. His entire body electrified. He had never felt something so overwhelmingly powerful before. He lost control and felt a wave invade him, a mix of repressed desire, forbidden pleasure and fear.
"Oooh, that is
Schmidt huffed out and took a deep breath. Steve barely dodged the punch, tilting his head at the last moment, and Johann's fist landed on the hard tiles. A horrific scrunching sound echoed and Johann screamed in pain.
Steve glanced up at him and looked down again. "You're scaring me." He whispered, words struck in his throat.
"It's alright Steve, you didn't know." Tony whispered reassuringly while petting Steve's head. "You were confused. I get it."
Tony looked slightly worried. "I could have helped you, made sure you got a good deal out it. I could have spared you the agency fees."
Steve laughed too, too many things unclenching in his chest suddenly. He felt relieved, and happy. He grabbed his boyfriend's hands and entangled their fingers together. He tiptoed and Tony leant down to give him a kiss.
Tony's smile was huge when he tugged his arm toward their last stop. He was walking backward, literally pulling Steve inside the room. They stumbled, both losing balance because of the hurried movement. The light was brighter there and Tony laughed, making fun of Steve's clumsiness. Steve felt awkward and Tony's laugh was giving him warm fuzzies, and he was happy.
needs. To be so sure about wanting this and so comfortable with it.
He was still frozen as Obie's impressive built came closer. He was trapped and his heart started racing. His breathing accelerated and in a moment of weakness, despite himself, he looked at the man pleadingly, silently begging him to let him go. He didn't want this to happen, he realized. No matter how responsive his body was to the man. He
at him. He looks at the pain in his eyes, at the strained smile he's trying to keep gentle, at the way his hand clenches around his beer. Loki stares back at him with a soft and fond expression. "I could help you though." Tony blurts, because he can't help himself. "I mean, about the job thing, obviously. Can't help you with the other thing but I can... I can give you some money or... or help you find a place to stay. I—I could give you a job if you needed... probably. There's probably something that needs your qualifications... or your skills, whatever. I'm pretty sure I could find you something." He keeps rambling because he feels awkward and like a rich asshole and tends to do that when he's uncomfortable. "I mean, obviously, there is at least
Steve stared confusedly at his friends. "What are you guys talking about? Loki has never been serious about anything, least of all me."
Maybe Steve still wanted him back...?
He stared into her eyes, resolutely. "I will." He exclaimed, hoping so deep in his heart that Tony wouldn't be disappointed.
"Is this really how you see me, though?" He blurted after a moment of awkward silence. His eyes were wide open now and expecting. And Steve knew he wasn't talking about his dad anymore.
That's a big fat lie. Never mind. It's not like Steve cares about what he's doing at work. Everything he does is a bore
Tony smiled against Steve's lips. "Back in the warmth of your bed?" He attempted, being awkwardly prudish.
"I haven't cleaned it up so you can taste yourself." Obie said joyfully, obviously proud of himself. His cock was dirty indeed, smeared with—mostly—blood. So
I managed to keep it T-rated until the end!!! Yeay!
"We hit it off pretty quickly, I guess. It was mostly related to you, though, and all your bullshit." Sam continued and was interrupted by Natasha's laugh. "We kept in touch all those years."
he assembly was awed, for about a split second, the time needed for Tony to finish his sentence."SI
Steve paused and studied him for a second or so. His expression was unreadable and his smile mute. Nothing but silence twinkled in his dark eyes. He considered the question with both excitement and annoyance and pondered telling Tony the reason why he was not interested.
"It's not your fault and it doesn't matter who's responsible for it. It's happened and we can never go back."
"I want another Pup, Steve. Please?" Bucky pleads again, this time it's verging on annoyance. Steve can hear a tinge of despair in the omega's voice. It's important to him. Steve swallows the lump in his throat and regains composure quickly, pushing unpleasant memories and forbidden feelings at the back of his mind. There are things omegas don't talk about. Bucky can probably feel his reluctance but he's still determined. "Felicia is almost three years old. She's gonna be lonely. A pack led by an alpha and two omegas should be filled with pups." He says and he's got a point, probably. But they have never formed an ordinary pack and neither of them are officially bonded to their alpha. Bucky is the only one who has some sort of legal connection to Tony. "She's gonna start school soon..." Bucky carries on, voice faltering at the end. "And what am I gonna do then? I'll have nothing. You've got your job and it's great but I'm stuck in here. For the rest of my life..."
Steve felt shaken by an overwhelming shiver running up and down his spine. His chest was constricted, he heart was ready to explode and he could feel his cheeks burn with shame. He turned to Tony, Tony turned to him and they stared into each other's eyes for a long moment of silence. All kinds of emotions appeared on his boyfriend's face. Surprise, amusement, confusion, astonishment, mostly disconcertment.
period.
He decides to drop the subject and let him mull over it. He has something else to do right now and slowly slides between his alpha's insecure legs. He's already wet but wants to be on his knees first. He needs to submit for making up for it.
fuck them.
"You mean that one time when I pathetically wiggled my dick in your ass for barely two minutes before spurting inside of you and spectacularly failed making you come?" Steve replied instantly. "Survival instinct," he answered, "my poor brain erased that regrettable event from my memory forever, my ego couldn't take it. I'd rather remember that second time when you came twice on my cock and still asked for more."
Pepper was right, as always. Tony hung up and felt something fluttering in his stomach. His lips unintentionally quirked up, he willed them down and got back to work. He needed to finish this early so he would have the time to go home and get changed and be on time. He owed this to Steve.
"Is that what you are?" Steve blurted without thinking. "A friend?"
Steve processed every word Tony was saying and he got it. He
was another interesting concept. One he was too wasted to study right now. People should really stop asking questions Tony didn't have the answers to. He just shrugged. The more the merrier, wasn't it? Tony hoped they would hurt him.
Tony's heart drifted away during the entire phone call. He was tired and weary. His breathing was unusually fast and a little jerky, he tried to hide it. His chest was heaving. He couldn't even fight back, because he had already lost. Steve reproached him things he had insisted he accepted. Tony could just shut his mouth and take it, that was all he was good for anyway.
He hadn't told his mum he was going with Sam. No parent would be happy to learn their son was omega. He didn't want her to cry. It was only in Sam's car that he pinned the red rose that Sam had brought for him. He was taking his role very seriously apparently. Steve suddenly felt the urge to laugh hysterically, he repressed it. He didn't want to upset Sam who seemed very eager to make Steve feel like Cinderella on her way to meet her Prince tonight. His mum must have gone overboard with the shovel talk and now the alpha felt, somehow, invested with a mission. That was cute.
alpha attracted to a
Tony wished he could do the same, he usually did, but he was absolutely incapable of moving a limb now.
did. "Why did you sell it?" He suddenly asked as he sighed the smoke out.
"Tony needs your help. Go to his floor, now." Steve slurs, only inches from his mouth, while releasing him from his grasp.
He ignored the pain. He was late. Again.
A whirlwind of emotion submerged him. He wanted to burst out laughing and scream and cry at the same time. He started breathing heavily until he couldn't hear Tony's hitched breathing anymore. The moment so intense Steve wanted to escape it and live it again and again and again and never wanted it to stop.
Steve was walking too far away from him. Tony started to feel anxious and panicky, like he would never be able to catch up to him. He accelerated and wrapped his arms around him, to never let him go. He buried his head in the crook of his neck and relaxed at the contact.
"What?" He mumbled, completely unaware. Or maybe still in a daze.
"Right, because I needed advice about one of my patient who was a veteran."
Never the other way around."
Steve chuckled too and tightened his embrace around him, protectively. "You want us to wait, don't you?"
What did Steve want? Piss in his mouth too? Shove his limp dick down his bleeding throat? Hit him? Whatever it was, it didn't look like fun at all. Not that any of those things had ever really been fun to Tony but at least, he thought, it was fun for the other party.
Fucking the alpha is a raptured experience. Bucky feels like all his senses are enhanced. The alpha is tight around him and makes little breathless groans that coils heat deep inside Bucky. The rocking movement he controls ripples right through the alpha to the other omega who is still lost in a daze. He grips Tony's hips strongly and fucks into him harder and harder and each one of his thrusts sends the alpha deeper into his fugue and the omega deeper in his daze. The blond's face lightens up, lips spreading slowly into a blissful smile.
"Tony?" Steve croaked out, voice raspy with sleep. Tony turned to him, eyes glowing in the dark. "You're not coming to bed?"
The words feel like a stab in the back. Bucky must have felt his distress because he curls around him comfortingly, wrapping him in a soothing and reassuring embrace, his smell growing stronger and headier. "I promise you," he whispers softly against his ear, "that it will be different this time. Everything will go fine."
" Steve snapped, glaring at him.
"Stevie..." She muttered amusedly. "Mothers know that kind of things."
"Not to mention T'Challa, who was such a nice and decent guy and ready to grab the moon for you," Sam said casually, like a kick in Steve's balls. "whom you just dumped like a shit."
Steve looked up at him, startled, and realized that maybe Tony's unusual excitement had died down for lack of reaction from his part. He smiled back and the colors came back on Tony's face as he gave Steve a soft smile.
Tony wrapped his arms around him comfortingly. "You're rutting again, aren't you?" He whispered in his ear. Steve wrapped hesitating arms around his waist and nodded softly in the crook of his neck. "I'm sorry." Tony said. "My scent must not be helping."
you."
Tony groaned into his mouth and pushed into him softly, holding him like he was something so precious he would die to protect it. Steve just curled his arms around him and grabbed his face, seeking more of his taste, wanting to penetrate his skin, take a glimpse of his soul. He wanted to devour him.
"Sure!" Clint nods, while busying himself with more food. "Go easy on it though, we don't want you to wind up in the gutters in your own vomit."
The first time Steve's scent bothered her was when he met Stark for the first time. His scent suddenly became intensely penetrating and she felt like murdering him.
"I know." Steve mutters, expression guilty. He looks away, pouting a little. "And I love him too, but I'm in love with
He heard the sound first and then he felt the blow, and the pain in his back as it hit the hinges of his locker. He prepared for the second blow and closed his eyes in expectation. He could already hear them snigger on his face, looking down on him.
His boyfriend raised a curious eyebrow. "Did you sell them as well?"
"Definitely." Betty agreed. "I never thought we—" She took Bruce's hand in hers. "—would finally happen, but we did." She gave him a fond smile.
The warm water soothed his growing anxiety and helped him pull his head together. He touched his body, the places Tony had pressed. It still hurt a little. Steve didn't remember that sex with Tony had ever been so rough, not even at the beginning. He might bruise and didn't like the prospect. They needed to talk. He went to their bedroom and waited for his boyfriend to get out of the shower. He stayed in there for about forty five minutes. Steve's heart was pounding in his chest. When Tony finally got out, wearing a T-shirt and a pair of shorts, he barely looked at him and headed straight back to the living room, to serve himself another drink. Steve felt his rage boil up inside and strode behind him angrily, fists clenched and teeth gritting.
It makes life a lot easier. It makes dating Tony a lot easier too, his dad won't give him any crap because he smells like alpha. People like Tony's dad are so narrow-minded in this department they could never imagine an alpha would want to hide they're alpha.
"I'm sorry that I never told you about Loki." He said. "I wasn't trying to hide this from you. It just never came up that's all. We did fool around a few times, yeah, but it wasn't as serious as the others said it was. Not for me, anyway. I liked him but mostly because he reminded me of you."
He has two omegas.
Tony would love a drink, although he's already feeling properly buzzed. That's not what he needs though. Among the long list of Tony's addictions, alcohol is probably the most manageable, stopping has never really been a problem and he can live without it, he thinks. He stares at his boyfriend who looks like he couldn't care less about what Tony's been up to. He ignores the pang in his chest and appreciates that his mind feels already numb. A drink sounds like a nice option right now.
He felt suddenly terribly, terribly lonely. Alone, abandoned and helpless in a way he hadn't felt in a long long time. Not since he was still a child.
Steve's chest constricted in a tremor. He gasped out a shuddering breath. The lump in his throat made it difficult to even breathe. He wasn't able to repress his tears this time and he felt them flow down his cheeks. "Tony..." He managed to choke out, vision blurry, heart racing in his chest. "Are you breaking up with me?"
The guests all nodded appreciatively and thanked their host warmly before going back to their conversations and soon it was time to sit down for dinner. Tony and Steve were not sitting next to each other at the table. Tony was sitting next to Clint and Jane was on his left. Betty was next and then Bruce and then Thor. Steve was sitting next to Bucky and on the other side was Sam's empty seat. Natasha was on the other side of it. It hadn't really been decided but Steve still regretted being so far from his boyfriend at dinner. Although Tony gave him a sweet knowing glance now and then and smiled softly at him in between laughing outbursts with Clint. Steve consoled himself knowing Sam was about to get here and he was thrilled about catching up with him. Among all the people here, Steve was definitely the closest to Sam.
None of this matters now. Everything is broken. Broken to the point even
"What are you trying to say, Tony?" Steve asked bluntly. His boyfriend looked back at him.
him. Barely two months had passed since his first day here and he was already one of the most popular at school and he wasn't even in the football team. He wasn't even a nice guy, nor was he particularly social. He was sharp, acerbic and aloof. Witty and fun when he needed to but distant the rest of the time. No-one seemed to be good enough for him. Still, he garnered all the attention and was always surrounded with a crowd of admirers. It was quite paradoxal when in fact he seemed to be quite a loner and the studying type, rather than the partying type. Unexpectedly, the two people he often hung around with were the diligent, school-focused bookworm Pepper—which he might have been dating, or not—and a timid science kid named Bruce he had met in his lab class, apparently. Not that Steve actually cared. Not that they actually
"Oh my god yes," Clint agreed, "completely forgot how smitten Loki was. From that first night the three of us did ecstasy together and way after you ended your thing..."
Tony laughed again, letting go of Steve to look into his eyes. "Why are still so confused by this? It's kind of expected..."
"You can get up, you know?" The hoarse, sensual and so very kind voice of the alpha says.
Tony felt his blood leave his body instantly. His father was sending him death glares. The coldness of his voice felt like an icy shower.
"Why not?" Tony exclaimed in shock.
Tony quirks up a surprised eyebrow. "That was a long long time ago," he says disbelievingly.
what I
For three reasons he can't. The first one is, well, obvious, for legal reasons. He officially and legally belongs to the alpha. He cannot get out of the tower without the threat of spending the rest of his life in a highly-secured prison, or worse. Had he been on his own, he might have taken that risk. Tony might even be nice enough to help but there's Felicia...
Steve smirked.
The word felt like a dagger through his heart for a split second. It cut his breathing short.
"Well, the guys loved him, I didn't have much choice."
"Or," Sam interjected, "you simply have a crush on an alpha. That's hardly the end of the world."
Tony looked flustered and answered with another warm and gentle smile. "I..." He started, rolling his tongue on his lips. "You should get going. I don't want you to be late."
Tony's been all around the world too, but he hasn't seen anything of it. Just the same luxurious hotel rooms, serving the same continental breakfasts, in the same buffets. He's always met with the same kind of people, with always the same agendas. He knows nothing. Nothing of the world, nothing of life. He's boring. The only thing he can talk about is science shit that bores just about everyone except Bruce and Jane. Tony has nothing to offer, nothing apart from his money and his pretty face. One of those two things Steve despises and the other getting closer and closer to its expiration date by the day.
He walked out the door instead, suffocated in agony in the elevator and refrained the impulse to throw himself under the wheels of that car. Or maybe someone caught him by the shoulder before he did.
"Yeah, yeah, no worries. I wasn't going to anyway... " Steve says. Then he pauses and laughs and Tony can even hear the smile in his voice when Steve hums again, even though he's turning his back to his boyfriend and hasn't looked up from his blueprints once. "I'll see you in a bit." Steve finally says while pinching, or maybe licking, his lips. "It's great that Loki's back. It's been a while. Looking forward to see him."
boyfriend and nods toward him. He walks closer—Tony almost recoils—and pats him on the shoulder. Tony just hopes he didn't make a face because he kept himself from staring at his own shoulder, in case it was stained or something after Loki's touch. It wouldn't be nice and he doesn't want to upset Steve.
"Besides, not everyone is enjoying themselves." Clint interjected, sounding genuinely disturbed by the new turn of events. "Just saying..."
Steve was speechless. His heart started racing and he felt like a complete asshole. "Tony, I'm—" He whispered, words stuck in his throat. "I'm so sorry." His boyfriend seemed to be in a forgiving mood, however, because he just smiled and cupped his face to give him a slimy kiss on the corner of his mouth.
Stephen,
gonna be a problem in the future." He points at the box, tries to anyway, and flashes Clint a wide and mischievous smile. Clint laughs and shakes his head while Tony wobbles to the door. His friend follows him in a relatively similar state. His head hurts a little but it's nothing another drink can't fix. He's fine now and grinning without purpose. He doesn't think he can see or walk straight but he can see and he can walk, so there's that. He feels light-headed, that's all that matters.
what kind of person he was attracted to. Since he hadn't presented yet, it was not a thing he wasted time on. Maybe he was wrong not to, what did he know? He was just fairly uninterested.
"I don't remember."
"How was it for you?"
title when you don't listen to a word I say!"
Tony was ecstatic when Steve pushed the door leading to the open space where Steve worked with his assistants. Fortunately they were alone right now, everyone else being on a break.
"Coke, crystal meth, alcohol." He answered blandly. "I think."
Steve wrapped his arms around his waist and growled protectively. "Very sure." He said.
Steve shrugged again, purposely avoid his friend's stare. "Both." He said curtly. "I'm hanging out with Tony."
There was no-one he had ever hated as much as he hated Howard right now.
Bucky snapped his fingers on his face and he snapped out of it. "Stevie. Stop drooling, will you? You're kinda obvious right now."
Steve's stomach clenched. Tony kept growing and one day he would leave him behind. Maybe Steve should go back to therapy too.
Tony felt a pang in his chest, a shiver ran down his spine. He was suddenly terrified and confused. This was not Steve. Steve wasn't like that and for a few second Tony instinctively grabbed his boyfriend's wrist in a futile attempt at protecting himself from him. Why would he do something like that though? It had never worked before, had it?
Tony dropped his hand on the table and raised his head. "Well, I guess I'm into alphas too, obviously." Steve didn't have the time to recover from the shock that Tony was speaking again. "But I'm really not fixated on a particular gender. I've been with all kinds of people before. I guess it's more about the person than what they are."
Thor gave him a fond, melancholic smile but kept quiet.
Steve was
Steve raised timidly his eyes. Waiting was... reassuring option, but he really wanted to fuck. Anyway possible. And keep his hands on the alpha and never let go. "Don't you want to?"
Steve hissed out a frustrated noise and got back to cleaning up the remains of their lunch, resignedly giving up on ever making his boyfriend change. Tony kept playing with his phone while sipping his second glass of wine, obviously not decided to give him a hand. Steve plugged the coffee maker and switched it on, feeling partly restless, partly annoyed. When he was done, his boyfriend still had something melancholic about him so Steve poured him a large forgiving coffee and one small for himself and joined him to the living room.
It's the smell that makes Steve's head jerk in their direction, he thinks. His nose flares and his eyes flickers with lust at the sight of them. He freezes, gorgeous in his grimy Captain America uniform, lips parted and unable to make a movement. Bucky knows there is a wave of slick dripping along his thigh and soiling his uniform even before he can smell it in the air. He knows the feeling too much and he knows his fellow omega too much as well.
Steve didn't answer that. He was short of arguments for now. Both of them kept quiet as they walked along the corridor, heading to their next class.
"I can't believe we haven't seen each other for almost a month..." Steve let out, words sighed regretfully.
Clint nudges him in the ribs. "Why the long face?" He has taken a beer that he drinks straight from the bottle and leans against the kitchen counter next to him, taking a break from cooking for everyone.
"Why didn't you tell me?" Tony muttered breathlessly.
It was mistake coming here, he was out of place.
"And?" Clint asked and shrugged while taking a bite of chicken ribs.
"You're not gonna do that." He choked out, voice faltering.
The omega tenses against his back and inches back, away from Steve, loosening his embrace around him. He leans his forehead between Steve's shoulder blades. His breathing changes, his heartbeat accelerates.
mate, even if it's not official. Even if he hasn't been bitten yet. Tony wouldn't. It's his fault.
"You're out of your mind." Sam snapped, not amused. Steve really enjoyed himself though.
"You're taking too much liberty, Tony." Obie justified himself. "You're an adult now. Your insolence stopped being cute."
Steve didn't say anything but he felt his cheeks suddenly burn with shame and looked away. For a long time Bucky had been
him. Steve was broken.
Tony made Steve's drink while Clint had the time to make the four others. He looks at it proudly. It doesn't look as yummy as Clint's do but at least he poured all his love in it. He smiles smugly and glances at Steve again, his smile fades a little. He doesn't feel so confident anymore. He feels stupid. He puts the drink on the platter, next to the others, and takes back his own glass. He leans against the counter again and looks at his boyfriend longingly while sipping his strong cocktail. Steve looks somehow fascinated. And he understands why, really. Loki is a great guy, experienced. He's met everyone, done everything, been everywhere. Tony gets why anyone might be drawn to someone like him. The guy's got so many exciting stories. A vision of life so different, so refreshing. Tony hasn't been very attentive but he heard enough and he has to admit that he sounds like an interesting guy. Plus he's friendly and easy-going. Unlike Tony...
He was just making coffee... He was exhausted, worn out, at the death's door. He's too fucking old for this. Steve had him knot him three times already this morning. The fact that he hasn't had a heart attack yet is a miracle.
Clint's arranging toasts. "Need help?" Tony asks.
Steve felt a shiver run down his spine and felt the tears prickle at the corners of his eyes. "You didn't care when I broke up with you..." He choked out with a broken voice. He didn't know why he needed to twist the knife into the wound, why he kept harping on about something that was too many years old to even be mentioned but it still stung. It still grazed in the deepest part of himself like something never-endingly needing to be resolved between them.
Clint's grin spread wide. "Oh, is that why you kissed me then?"
Steve stared at him. The boy looked so unsettlingly honest. Steve felt so warm and so
Tony had a very pleasurable way of cutting him short and then he sighed into Steve's mouth. "And yet, it feels so right," he muttered, eyes hazy but intense on him.
I want to share my heat with Tony, and with
The thing is, whether they are together or not, Steve remains one of Tony's unhealthy obsessions. Rhodey always says that he should get a life outside of Steve, his therapist agrees, even Tony agrees, on principle. Surely that would be the healthiest thing to do but he also thinks he already has a life outside of Steve. He's plenty busy with things that are not Steve-related. He doesn't even find enough time to
Steve watched the animated street in front of them, considering it. "Nah," he answered. "I was just trying to find a reason to regret leaving this place but no. No reason. There isn't anything that I'll miss. I have absolutely no regret."
"And nothing..." He admitted, still uncomfortable with it. He didn't dare look at his boyfriend.
James brushes his lips on Tony's cheek—he smells refreshed and energetic and so good he makes Tony's head spin—and takes a sleeping Felicia from her sire's arms to put her into bed.
I was very confused then, lost. I still had conflicted feelings for Buck and I was all over the place." Bucky looked down embarrassedly. Clint cringed but smiled at him gently, understandingly. The others opened wide confused eyes at him but no-one commented and Steve glossed over it. "I think the moment we met was the worst time ever to start a new relationship, for both of us." He looked at everyone, they were all ears, silent and curious, so he went on. "It was rocky from the start with Tony but... If I have to think of a moment... That one moment when things changed between us, I'd say it was when he offered me my birthday present. Which was obviously
Obie's eyes were piercing, both gentle and threatening.
"I know you're still shaken from earlier. Let me take care of you. Come here," he said hoarsely, reaching a gentle hand to Tony's shoulder to bring him closer. "I've got something for you."
Clint's blue eyes have an unusual glow in them. He smiles and puts a hand on Tony's mouth. "Okay, baby Stark..." He slurs with a raspy voice. "Stop looking at me like that." Has Tony been looking at him inappropriately? It wouldn't be the first time. People tend to get the wrong message. It's not his fault, or maybe it is and Tony is just a dirty, horny slut that can't help making passes at people. "Not that the prospect of making out with you right now sounds unpleasant, you're very pretty and you know it... but I don't think either of us actually
with who
Natasha takes off her top and Clint opens wide lustful eyes to her. "Me. You. Fuck. Now." She growls and she feels the fire spreading down in the pit of her stomach. Indomitable. "Okay?"
Tony laughed, proud of his little stunt. "No, you don't." He shrugged, knowing perfectly how irresistibly cute he was and how Steve had never been able to resist his charms anyway.
Steve felt a tremor in his jaw. He fumbled with his pants trying to tie them up. "Tony wait!" He shouted out desperately. His heart started racing. The sex, ever though torrid, had left a bitter taste in his mouth and he wondered what had just happened. He had never felt so distant from his boyfriend after sex. He felt a twinge in his heart. The door slammed and Steve's body shuddered from head to toe. A growing uncertainty pooling inside.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve smiled sheepishly and met his boyfriend's eyes, apologetically ashamed. Tony was sprawled on the bed and smiled back, swallowing up his frustration. He grabbed his own cock while Steve's cum started leaking out of him.
Steve freaked out. He shook his head in panic. "I'll step on your toes."
Provide.
Right... Maybe it was time to tell his boyfriend about being on PrEP... It wasn't like he had meant to hide it, it just never came up. He had never been the sharing type and when they had reached that kind of intimacy in their relationship, he guessed it didn't really matter anymore. Steve would insist on wearing protection anyway.
The evening ended relatively early and it was barely past midnight when they were back into the limo. Tony slouched on his seat and pressed his eye sockets with the palms of his hands while letting out an exhausted sigh. "Argh, what a nightmare!" He exclaimed. "Can't wait to get home." When he removed his hands, he glanced at Steve with a loving smile. "Have you survived?"
Steve didn't grant him an answer. He just averted his eyes and looked down on the floor.
"Did you pass out?" He whispered softly, smile spread with on his lips and everything around him blurry.
Steve should already be on his knees right now because the alpha's stance is commanding. His scent is strong and his eyes are feral. His entire demeanor demands Steve's submission. Bucky never understood how Steve could ever resist that but Steve's reluctance to submit has always been ingrained in his entire being, regardless of his true desires. Luckily Tony knows how to handle his omega.
period. They had rarely been alone together and things were still awkward between them. Tony was shifty—Bucky was about to go into heat.
At that precise moment Tony and Natasha came back, hugging each other, laughing and smiling at each other, still in the middle of their idle conversation. Steve hated the looks they shared but tried to ignore it. Tony walked to him nonchalantly and kissed him on the temple before going back to his seat. People had moved around but they were still sitting across from each other.
Clint chuckles mirthlessly. "Me too. I've always wanted kids. I was thinking four or five..." He laughs again, this time with some sort of melancholic amusement. "but I guess your dreams change as you grow up."
Steve's angry eyes pooled with something worse than rage. They were
"And if we find the place of our dreams then," Steve continued, "I'll have some cash ready."
Still, something seemed to always be missing.
arousing.
His boyfriend was now gloriously naked in their huge shower, silent and hesitant, and Steve tiptoed to grab his neck and give him a hot reassuring kiss, until he felt his lips curl into a smile.
Tony downed his glass quickly and pulled down the window, staring outside, uncharacteristically quiet and fidgety. A cool breeze freshened the compartment and Steve shivered.
Did he feel sorry for him? Because he didn't have anyone else to go with? Maybe he didn't know any other omegas...
"So my dad was being his usual ass and there was this guy—barely a hundred pounds on himself, five feet five of no-one—who stared at him with dignity and pride and a confidence about his own skills that I had rarely seen in anyone before and then he... And then he just
"Wrong choice of words," he snarled. "Again." And shoved another toy inside his ass. An average one. Tony jerked in surprise, propping up on his elbows.
At everyone's odd silence Tony felt embarrassed and hid it with a smile. "So... what did I miss? What were you guys talking about?"
Clint jerks his head around and looks at him with a deadpanned expression. "Oh man, I'm sorry. I'd forgotten about that." He explains without an ounce of shame in his voice.  "Don't worry, it's clean."
"We would like to know your opinion on the article published by Christopher Everhart last month?"
Six weeks later, Tony had organized a private viewing at the MoMA the night before the opening to the public. It was supposed to be their night out, their first night out since the impromptu revelation, their first quality time spent together for over a week. He had pulled out all the stops.
Clint was as much hypnotized. "And we were fucking brilliant that night, weren't we?" Bucky nodded with a huge grin. "We worked so well together on stage." Clint carried on. "You can't deny it!"
"I'll take care of her." Steve says softly.
He felt nauseous again. Why did everyone keep making him feel that way? A sudden unquenchable urge to cry constricted his throat, almost choking him. He parted his lips, trying to swallow the lump stuck in there, trying to
"I've had sex but, when I look back...I could have waited a little." The omega admitted, voice a little insecure. "I'm not that experienced, you know."
Clint dropped his smile and swallowed. He stared back and shrugged. "Sure."
Tonight was a big deal and now that the euphoria surrounding the revelation of their relationship was finally starting to fade, it was time they made this new step. And it had been long overdue too.
"So if I understood well," Clint decided to intervene, "you two met because I asked Steve to cover for my shift." He explained, down-to-earth, and then added with a huge grin. "I'm so happy I've been a part of this."
"You getting it on with an omega right behind my back. You're too young for kids, Stevie. I can't believe I actually trusted you with your "I'm into alphas" thing." You're just like every other teenage boy!"
question that made him snap out of it.
"I'm sorry." Steve let out, out of guilt. "Must have been hard."
Sam rolled his laughing eyes and shook his head softly before a huge, vicious grin spread on his face. "You. And the new boy." He made a salacious gesture with the fingers of both his hands that Steve shall not comment on. "And all the staring. What the fuck? Have you known each other in another life or what?"
A stilted waiter wearing a black tuxedo walks them to their table—right in front of the live band. They have the best view to enjoy the show but it doesn't matter because Steve is only looking at him, his gaze expectant, and nothing around them matters.
"What's the point then?" Steve continues, voice slightly hoarse, sounding amused but with a twinge of hurt underneath. "Not enough alpha-like for you?"
"Mr Stark, what did you think of
"Would you like them to?" Dark-haired guy said, sounding excitedly interested.
It doesn't even sound right. It's ugly and bitter and he's still hard anyway. Why do they keep tormenting him?
Tony smiled, gently, and pursed his lips softly. "Sure." He said with an amused glint in his eyes. "Are you really gonna make me beg?"
Tony stopped, determination wavering and worry growing on his face. Steve stared at him, mouth gaping. He would have wanted to say something. Anything. He should have apologized, should have explained. It wasn't Tony's fault. Tony hadn't done anything wrong, on the contrary, it had been all the most decent. Steve was just a stupid fool and a careless jerk. But his heart beat too fast, his head throbbed too hard and the warmth pooling in his stomach was much too overwhelming. He just opened and closed his mouth like a fish and strengthened his hold on the alpha. "I—" He stammered. "I like you too."
And even if he had wanted. Stark was way out of his league. Besides, he still hadn't presented.
Steve stared.
Steve is now genuinely puzzled. He takes a look inside and the contents of the bag makes his cheeks heat and turn pink almost instantly. His heart starts racing, thumping hard in his chest. He looks into Tony's eyes. No smile on his lips but rather looking for answers, maybe showing some gratitude as well. Tony's smile is dying, growing insecure.
"What do they mean? Are they beautiful at least?"
Tony absolutely needed to be on his knees now, he would never be able to fulfill his objectives otherwise. He couldn't find anyone though. The few guys who were there wanted to either fuck him or be fucked and Tony had trouble getting a hard-on. He had to punch one of them in the face for being too insistent and trying to push him down and shove his dick in, and he almost got escorted out, couldn't walk properly and fell on his ass, was left there, in a high trip. He stared waveringly at his trembling fist and fondled the idea of licking the blood off of it, wondered if that was safe, decided he didn't care.
Okay, who is it who wants to have pups again? Certainly not
Bucky hates him.
Tony's heart was pounding in his chest. So fucking hard. He felt something fluttering in his stomach and he gazed at his boyfriend beatifically and felt the corners of his mouth quirk up into a blissed smile, overwhelmed by a surge of love. MDMA did that sometimes... except he hadn't had any, he thought, was pretty sure even... What the fuck?
Tony turned his head away from the window and stared at him confusedly, eyes wide-open, his mouth curled into a pout. A sexy pout Steve would say, but he pushed that thought far away.
Tony smiled gently and pressed reassuring hands on Steve's arms. "This
"I'll come with." He rushes to say, against all common sense. He speaks loudly, loud enough for Steve to notice he was talking to him anyway. Deadlines be damned. Who needs a deadline anyway? Tony can do the fuck he wants, he
Tony laughed wholeheartedly, throwing his head back and revealing the lines of his neck, slender but strong. Steve felt the sound of it penetrate his soul, his entire body shivered. He wanted to touch it, run his hands down his chest and feel his muscles underneath his button-down shirt.
fill them up with his seeds and make pups.
Steve rolled his eyes. "We're really just working on our homework together." He let out in a regretful sigh. He omitted to mention that a lot of ogling was happening as well, on his part. No-one needed to know that.
"Tsk, tsk, tsk." Obie whispered while shaking his head. "Get down on your knees, boy."
"And if we don't?"
Right. Drink first. Then get high. Then plan for avenging Steve. Or how to make Tony suffer and die a horribly painful and agonizing death.
Steve felt nostalgic. He wanted Tony back. More than ever. It burnt at the pit of his stomach. It crept under his skin. It made his teeth grit.
He stared at his phone and thought of Steve. He felt numb. Steve hadn't tried to call or to text him, unsurprisingly. He hadn't either... what for? He looked at the time and fancied joining him for a second or two. Even if the party might have already ended, maybe he could still meet him at home. And then he remembered what Obie had said and he remembered what he had done with him, and then he remembered Steve's biting words... He remembered Steve's jealousy and Steve's dishonesty and his own disappointment.
Tony giggled, laughing with his whole body. Handsome and innocent. Then his features softened and he straightened up, staring intently, unsettlingly serious, into his eyes. He finished his glass of water and put it on the bookcase by the wall. "Not all of it was a lie, though." He said croakily. "I really didn't want to be alone then. I wasn't as fine as I pretended to be, you know? All those months... When I had to face the aftermath of my parents' deaths, when I had to face Obie..." His voice faltered, broken at the edges, and he looked away again. "On my own..." He took a deep breath and looked outside the window again, lost in his thoughts. "I could barely hold my head out of the water..." He whispered. "It was a good thing that I had the company to keep afloat then, I don't know how I would have made it otherwise."
Tony's breathing was slowing down slowly. He pinched his lips and took a deep breath before opening his eyes again and smiling back at Steve. Then he lay down next to him and caught his mouth into a hot, cum-tasting, filthy kiss and they snuggled against each other.
He brought a comforting hand to his boyfriend's cheek and caressed his insecurities away, giving him a soft reassuring smile. "I'm glad to be here tonight," he whispered as Tony swiveled his head and took his hand in his to kiss the inside of his wrist. Steve shivered and breathed hard.
was terrified."
doctor?"
place."
Steve flushed, surprised about how much he had just revealed to his friends, despite himself, and his heart clenched when he realized that moment was so early in their relationship. He was probably already in love by then, even if he couldn't say for sure. It broke his heart a little to think how much time it had taken them afterwards to finally find each other.
Steve startled.
She stared at him for a short moment, pouting a little, and read through the medical form filled in by the nurse. "So your boyfriend barged in here in panic, claiming you were raped but according to this, you were only involved in consensual sexual activities with multiple partners, without protection and under the influence of drugs." Tony startled at the slightly cynical tone of her voice. "Where does it hurt?" Tony startled again, at her blunt indifference. He parted his lips and pointed at his throat, lost for words. That was exactly what he needed. Someone who didn't pretend to care.
Steve chuckled at first, then sighed desperately as he noticed that Sam didn't look like he was joking. "Kill me first." He exclaimed and was met with a slack-jawed Sam who seemed lost for words. "I'm being serious." Steve insisted. "Being short and sickly is already humiliating enough as it is."
"I'll see you around." Tony finally said as he walked past him and gave him a smug wink.
Once they were done they moved onto the living room where Steve had spent most of his time when he lived there. Tony grabbed a glass of water first and then paced toward the huge window from where you could see the city. He drew the curtains open and rested a hand on the frame while drinking slowly and staring at the grayish view outside, in silence.
The thing is, they probably did everything in reverse, Tony thinks. They started rough and kinky but as they became more serious and more intimate, Tony has learnt how to be gentle and also how to
She suddenly wakes up and feels her entire body burning.
"Wait a sec." Steve blurted while running to the living room where a pile of clean laundry lay on the sofa. He yanked on the first towel he could see and ran back to Tony to uncover his head and wiped his face with the towel. The gesture was unexpectedly gentle and Tony's eyes shone with silent gratitude.
Steve's heart was racing in his chest and he felt his entire body grow hot and cold at the same time, tears ready to burst out at the corners of his eyes. His breathing accelerated. He felt a lump growing in his throat. He hated Tony so much right now. He hated his friends too, simply for being here.
"I didn't know you had anal beads..." His boyfriend blurted a few moments later. "You think I could shove them all in my mouth?"
Steve laughs but it sounds a little sad. He looks away and shrugs. "I wish I could tell you that's not what we want but I'm not quite sure about Bucky." He says with an amused smile. "It might be exactly what he wants from you, really." His eyes are twinkling in the subdued light. "Not me though." He adds, tone suddenly serious and words meaningful. He stares right into Tony's eyes, so determined it's unsettling. "I've never considered you as a human dildo, Tony. It wasn't about sex with you, despite what you think. Not even at the beginning. It took me a while to realize it but from the very moment our eyes met, it was more than just lust and biological urges."
Tony takes some time to contemplate the room and each detail of it while he sips his beer slowly. It's very well thought of, he thinks, contrarily to what people might think. Tony is pretty sure he can catch a lot of the references. He smiles to himself until he notices something hard under his shoulder blade. He twists around and puts the beer down on the bedside table in order to grab the thing that keeps poking at his back and stares at it bewilderedly.
This is also another thing therapy helped him through. He
Steve felt a blush creeping on his face. "You saw that?"
Tony's smile vanished. He stared at Steve confusedly but remained silent for a moment, looking almost hurt. "Because that's what happened." He finally said, challengingly. Voice calm and impassive.
Steve startled. It took him a moment to understand the question. "Who?"
Steve turned to him and stared into his eyes, to judge how serious he was. What was it with all the single alphas in that room? Did he smell that good?
Tony."
"Oh, I'm not going." Steve blurted, getting things immediately straight. Tony's expression changed into something indescribable.
Clint's eyes shone with a dark and mischievous glimmer. He loved that kind of stories. He nudged Bruce's shoulder. "So when did that change, Bruce?"
that?
He was a fool to think he could have his cake and eat it. It was foolishness, to ever think he could have both of them and keep them both for himself. It could have never worked in the long term. It was meant to be.
Except that, against all odd, Tony didn't rebuke him. He melted into the touch and turned amused eyes to him, smile a little relieved. Steve felt him relax in his embrace and he brought a strong arm around his frail shoulders to keep him close to him.
Fair enough.
He might as well leave tomorrow for all Tony cares. He doesn't have enough strength in him to care anymore. He has lost his right to care. He is worn out, anyway. Whoever said omegas were a blessing is a fucking asshole!
The breakfast was ravenously devoured with the constant sound of Tony's ramblings buzzing in the background. Steve felt a little guilty but at some point he stopped listening, knowing exactly when Tony's speech was significant enough to be worth listening to. Otherwise he let his mind gloss over it. He didn't think Tony was fooled though. Actually, he was pretty sure Tony could tell exactly when his attention span had reached its limit but he kept talking like a sweet soothing lullaby and watched him with a certain fondness in his expression.
"What?"
"Okay." She said with a non-judgmental tone and noted everything Tony said down and then she kept asking him questions that Tony answered mechanically but didn't make any comments, Tony didn't either. That was relieving at least. Then she asked, "can you give me your arm? I'm gonna take a few samples of your blood for the tests. You'll have the results in a few days." He rolled up the sleeve of Steve's too small hoodie and showed her the inside of his right elbow without a word. Then, after explicitly asking for his consent, she took samples of the inside of his mouth, from his skin and from his hair—everywhere where there might still be traces from his partners, Tony supposed—and put them in tubes conscientiously. She was very gentle and nice and when she was done she patted him and smiled. "All done," she said. "The doctor will see you in a minute, to examine you. Are you gonna be alright, Gregory?"
Tony looks up into his eyes. They're gentle, playful, just as bright as his wide smile. Tony stares fondly at his laugh lines and thinks they're very sexy. And then he stares at his plump bottom lip and wishes Steve would grant him another kiss. He looks up again when he hears his boyfriend chuckle softly and notices Steve's eyes glancing on the left, at his hand. Tony realizes it is up again, still holding a phantom cigarette, with a slight tremor. He feels self-conscious again but doesn't have the time to dwell on it because Steve slips his fingers in his hand and squeezes tight. He grabs his neck with his other hand this time and kisses him again, languorously,
His eyes were a little hesitant though and Steve felt like he needed to reassure him so he put his hand on his knee and gently squeezed. Tony inconspicuously shivered but looked at him with a soft smile. "This is one thing my mum did good in her life I suppose..." Tony added in a whispering voice, sounding a little bitter.
It took him a little while to understand he wasn't the one who got punched. He remained there, eyes closed, gritting his teeth, completely befuddled.
"Don't worry! I can control my urges, I'm not an animal... I won't jump on you." The alpha says. That's exactly what he was worried about...
Steve washed his clothes and put them in the dryer and kissed him goodbye for a long moment while waiting for Happy to pick him up.
With a shaky hand, he finally pushes the knob down. He purposely didn't announce himself, not wanting to be overwhelmed by his family waiting excitedly for him behind the door.
"That it's preposterous. I do find inspiration in real life, I'm artist. Artists are reinventing life. That doesn't mean my characters are real people, and conversely. Even if I were to base my characters on real people, at the end of the day they would still be characters who keep growing and evolve on their own paths, with their own issues, their victories and their failures. Saying Iron Man is Tony Stark, or inversely, would disrespectful to both of them. They are so much more than that. Iron Man would be but a pale copy of the man that is Tony Stark."
"Ton—" Steve attempted, but Tony dropped on his knees, face buried in the fabric of Steve's clothes.
There was a moment when Steve stopped listening. The questions whizzed and Steve was blind and deaf to them. He just saw red. He probably
Steve rolled his eyes. "You know, me and Buck we've known each other since kindergarten." The alpha gazed at him gently, hung on his every word. "We were  the same size, although I was always skinnier, with a poor health. I would be bullied because of it and I would fight back and he would help me out and we would both end up in trouble." Tony leant closer, resting his face on the palms of his hands, captivated. "And then he started to grow and to change and I didn't. And then he presented and I—" He paused, trying to remember when it went wrong. "—I felt left out, somehow. Like he was, you know, going his own way and leaving me there."
It feels wonderful. Everything is wonderful and amazing. All there is around him, around
"Argh, Tony, please. I don't need legal advice. Let's just forget about it."
"I remember when I came in," he explained, "that Steve looked at me, in a way that suggested it was more than just mere curiosity. I felt his eyes linger on me and I was kinda proud of it and because he was a guy and he was young, too, I did feel a little a warm inside. I kinda was flattered actually. And then I sat with my parents and I got bored so I started to search him from afar. My first thought about him was that he was cute, and very conscientious about his job. He seemed to take it so seriously for such an ungrateful job and, hum... you know, that was
buildings that matched our criteria. They needed renovating, yeah, maybe, but you didn't even
Pictures of
"I'm not saying I've never done it..." Tony replies matter-of-factly. "But no, that's not really something I do."
"I'll wait anyway." Steve answered and walked back to the studio. If he couldn't enjoy his boyfriend's company he may as well do honor to those supplies.
How come Tony had so much pictures of them? Steve didn't even remember taking them. There were also pictures of Steve with his friends.
Tony chuckled again, hiding in the crook of his neck. "Emergency stash." He rasped.
"Hey Daddy!" Steve finally says with his warm and languid voice, before he drops Felicia into his arms. She stretches her arms to him and he catches her and holds her tight, inhaling a deep breathe of her scent. She smells so good and it is relaxing after the pressure Steve's spiced up omega scent put on his nerves. At this moment, he wishes for her to never be an alpha. This is all but torture.
Steve's smile softens when he senses Tony's presence behind him. The Omega is open and welcoming and Tony is so close he can feel the warmth emanating from his body like a comforting lullaby. Steve swivels slowly and their eyes meet. His smile is ravishing. Tony's heart skips again but he ignores it. For a moment they stand there, staring into each other's eyes without a word or a motion. Tony feels goosebumps all over his skin.
"Can you tell me how much, roughly?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony laughed gently. "Even you? What are you sure of?"
Tony. Of course there's a bit of me in everything I do. That's what art's about. Just like there's a little part of you in everything you create. You should know..."
He was lost in his thoughts when Steve argued with the nurse. He heard the words "strictly confidential" and "need my support" and then she addressed him directly. "Do you want your friend to be here while we examine you?" She asked very nicely.
Steve chuckled. "Not really, no." He confirmed, mumbling into the crook of his neck.
His heart skipped another beat. He felt his skin prickle, his hands shaking. Tony's presence was dark and overwhelming. Silent but oppressive. He turned back to the window, his left hand nonchalantly resting in the middle of them. Steve stared at it, at his fingers which, he knew, were so skilled, and felt the need to touch them. He wanted to reach out and brush his fingers on his knuckles, follow the lines of his bones and veins, intertwined their fingers together. Tony's hand slid closer to him and Steve let his hand hover over it, resisting the temptation of grabbing it. His breath hitched. Would he grab that hand, he would pull his arm the rest of him, clutching at the alpha like his life depended on it and begging him to fuck him right now on the backseat of that car. There was something both sordid and exciting about having his first time in a limo.
"What I don't understand though..." he started enigmatically, "is why you never really acted on it."
"So I guess, I'll have to interpret it then, is that it?" Steve insisted, anger pervaded in his voice. Tony couldn't hold his stare anymore and looked down in shame. Tony had never felt that much shame before. After everything he had done, after all the things others had done to him. Nothing and no-one could shame him. Except Steve apparently. "So I reckon if you didn't stop them even if you could have, it means that you wanted it, right?" There was a pause. "Did you want it?"
Steve smiled at the compliment, despite himself.
A short instant that lasted an eternity. Steve ignored the racing of his heart and the heat pooling inside. He didn't want this.
. Tony's eyes flickered in confusion. "Jerk yourself off and make me drink your cum."
"This just means Tony wants me under suppressant, so he wouldn't have to do this again."
Steve chuckled and snuggled against his boyfriend's tight chest. "Tony..." He whined plaintively.
That was when he understood Obie didn't want to come, he just wanted to submit Tony and humiliate him. There was no way he would be able to skip the fuck whatsoever. He let his arms fall on his sides, a little desperately, and stared into space when the man grabbed his biceps to haul him up on his feet. He felt like marshmallow, drained of all his strength, and didn't protest when Obie hurled him into one of the stalls. His shoulder hurt with the way Obie had brutally manhandled him, the rest of his body hurt after he stumbled and knocked himself against the toilet bowl and the tiled wall. He was struggling to keep straight, wavering on shaky legs, unusually distressed. He unbuckled his belt instinctively, he thought, or maybe Obie made him do it, he wasn't sure to remember well. He was already quite intoxicated, things were blurry. He remembered his chest heaving heavily, his breathing accelerated. He remembered the shivers he felt running up and down his spine, not the good kind. He was scared.
"I've thought about a hundred of different ways to kill Iron Man already," Steve deadpanned, throwing an amused look at his boyfriend. "Those are just rumors."
He needed a smoke but the possessive grip of Obie's hand he suddenly felt on the nape of his neck refrained the impulse. Tony felt numb at the touch. Numb and docile. At least he didn't have to worry much about limping. Obie led him back to his seat in a fatherly embrace, no-one noticed they were gone, everyone being properly drunk at this point. Tony had regrettably sobered up a little since he had thrown up. Obie still held him in place, hand on his knee, the warmth of him inflaming his body again, the leash short and tight.
"I'm not good enough for you, Steve." He mumbles, still feeling numb.
Tony tugged on his hand, Steve was still in a daze. "There's still some time before class... come with?" He suggested with an expecting smile.
No-one asked him to do that, though.
Tony thought he hesitated too long, because his boyfriend was losing patience. He grabbed his arm and dragged him to the bathroom, manhandling him like Obie had done some time ago. Tony had always thought he would never be able to stand up to Obie because he had always been impressively built compared to him, but apparently, it wasn't a question of size. Tony was about a head taller and had almost fifty pounds on Steve. That didn't prevent him from being hurled against the tiled wall of the bathroom where he easily and obediently glided down to find his rightful place, next to the toilet bowl, where he belonged.
"Submissive?" He whispered, almost to himself. "You're everything
Steve pushed him away, slightly. "What do you mean,
"Fuck
He rolls his eyes but doesn't contradict him. He has learnt early in his life that contradicting frontally your alpha never brings anything good in life. He should take a more subtle approach."I still want to share my heats with you." He husks out, snuggling against him. He's sure his smell is already conveying his message clearly. The closeness between them is already making his head spin. His body vibrates against the warmth of the alpha.
He dropped on his knees before the guy tried to bring him somewhere more private. Tony wouldn't want to deprive others from the opportunity to join in. After all, he had a goal to achieve. The man was surprised at first but when Tony started fumbling with his fly, he let him do it while letting out an indecent groan. His cock was average and didn't smell half-bad. Perfect for a first. Tony had never really been picky about what went into his mouth anyway, especially in the state he was in right now.
He stared at his two friends. Both tall and buff. Both alphas. Both in the football team. Their strong grip on each of his shoulders. He wasn't at his advantage hanging out with them. He freed himself from their grasps and walked a little faster, sulking.
to ask about me. You're entitled to know that kind of things about me, I feel like you forget that sometimes. I've always felt that with you, like you think you have to draw a line that you shall never cross... but you
"More than five?"
He wiped his face off with the back of his sleeve and huddled against the door, feeling uncomfortable. He started breathing heavily again, his heart was pounding hard in his chest. He felt nauseous. Obie combed his fingers in his hair again, sliding them along the longest strands. His hand gently cupped his cheek and his thumb brushed over his jawline. "You're such a sweet boy, Tony. You were so good to me."
"Let me take you out to lunch." He whispered. His voice sounded broken and hoarse with Steve's previous treatment.
Steve felt his lips quirk up in a happy relief. "Good." He replied. "Because I'm not going anywhere. You won't get rid of me so easily."
She was.
"How come you found my favorite chocolate ever in your deserted apartment?" Tony asked with an amused glint in his eyes, pretending everything was alright.
Steve opened wide eyes and felt his insides melt with love. His lips parted with the urge to jump on his boyfriend and steal a kiss.
His mum dropped her spatula in the sink and turned around slowly. She had a wide smile of her face. "Really?" She asked with enthusiasm, then she wiped her hands on apron and sat down in front of him, expression resolute. "Good. I'll make an appointment with Dr Erskin." She said factually.
Tony grazed the skin of his neck with his teeth, making Steve forget about everything else for a minute. "Of course they will," he said, lips curled into a smile against his skin. "That's why it's fun!"
Steve's heart clenched with worry. He looked at his boyfriend anxiously, his reaction had been so sudden and so unlikely. He tried to swallow, difficultly, but didn't say a thing. Tony didn't either and the silence lingered between them, heavy and full of unsaid things.
Fortunately their host, the real one this time, finally dares showing up at the entrance and Tony snaps out of it. Clint ruffles Steve's hair and gives him a peck on the cheek, a huge happy grin on his face. And then he turns to Tony, his left hand curls around his waist and pulls him toward him while his right hand snatches the bottle cradled in Tony's hands. He kisses him on the corner of his mouth and whispers sensually in his ear. "Thank you baby Stark, you always know how to make me happy." And this is certainly true. Tony knows how to please his hosts and that's partly because he knows Clint very well and Clint has never been shy about sharing his tastes and partly because Tony listens, and observes, and always makes a point to giving people what they want. He thinks he got that from his mother but doesn't dwell on it too much because thinking about her brings back depressive thoughts and he doesn't like being a spoilsport at a dinner party.
and switched it with the former, stretching his boyfriend's ass to a maximum. Tony hissed and keened protestingly, trembling with pain and pleasure alike. He propped himself on his elbows and raised his ass, trying to make it easier for him. "F-fuck, Steve." He grumbled. "I can't take it anymore, fuck me now or let me jerk off."
Steve knew. He had just been caught off guard and unsettled by the uncertainty of this evening and the unfamiliarity of the place.
was the leech."
Steve blinked and opened his eyes wide, jaw slacked. He hated himself and his Irish ancestry as he felt a blush creeping on his face. And only because Fury had complimented him to another student. He didn't dare imagine how he would react upon being kissed for the time.
His latest video got more than two million views.
"You don't know what happened?" Steve croaked.
Steve took out his fingers but kept pushing the toy inside, in control. "Have
"People could come in."
The entire scene just irks Tony in the deepest parts of himself. Gosh, he really hates this guy.
Tony didn't make any further comment. He just shrugged. "You remember what I said about the decoration then?"
He had never hated art class so much and it had been the longest hour of his entire life. He was pissed when he finally joined his friends for lunch. He threw his bag on the lawn and sighed the longest and most desperate sigh of history.
This is really shitty. I don't even know if I'll be able to do what I want to do, now. I'll have to take fucking suppressants my entire fucking life... This is
Steve bit his lips, trying to repress a fit of anger. "That was quite a glamorous way to describe our sordid first shag in a back alley." He finally rasped.
If you want to leave a comment, you would make me the happiest in the world!
Tony chuckled amusedly and pinched his lips, looking at Steve with a certain fondness. Steve's heart just leapt again but he just ignored it. His cheeks were burning.
"You know at first, I really thought you were trying to get me back when you showed up unannounced with your bag and my favorite take out that night," Steve continued, "trying to mess me around again... But you were surprisingly respectful in the end. We kind of
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve was almost fully hard now but he fairly intended to finish boxing up before fucking Tony again so he took his biggest toy—which was...
He ditched the jacket, a bit too obvious. He wasn't cold anyway, already tipsy and high on coke. Summer nights were warm, he should be fine. Getting in was easy, despite looking already smashed, cash helped. He made a beeline for the bar and ordered two drinks straight away. The waitress was sexy, a little brunette with tattoos on her face. She looked nasty and glared at him with contempt when he flirted, maybe she was a dyke. The possibility highly turned him on and he fondled the idea a little. A crazy night of sex with her in a shaggy motel room, or in her apartment, really sounded like a nice prospect but she was busy and not particularly responsive—not exactly surprising since Tony had been gross and a tad insensitive—and Tony had no time to waste. He took his drinks and gulped down the first one in one go. Then he clutched the second one in his hands and disappeared through the crowd in his quest for tripping rapture.
Tony blinks at him. "Steve?"
He swallowed.
"That's not the point."
Tony quieted and studied him for a moment, a tinge of disdain in his pout. "Some of my creations I keep for myself..." He finally said in a falsely calm and bitter tone.
"And I was already smitten by then."
"Tony wai—" Steve tried to say before his boyfriend's tongue interrupted him. He felt a jolt of electricity down his spine. A sudden surge of desire invaded him. Alcohol didn't help. His boyfriend was holding him firmly, pressing against him. He kissed him again and Steve melted into it. He let escape a moan before coming around and reasoning himself. He put his hands on Tony's shoulder and tried to inch away from him. "Tony wait! Sto—"
He froze, mouth hanging open. The last person who had called him
"I'm so sorry, Steve."
" He blurted. "That's what you said then. I still remember your words perfectly and how cold I felt when I heard them."
"We should get to my room." Steve said after enjoying a long moment in Tony's arms. Maybe his last one. "Don't wanna my mum to embarrassingly walk out on us."
He hummed and groaned softly, pinching his lips, eyes closed. The warm hand released his cock and wandered up his chest to land on his face, cupping his jaw and turning his face on the side. He could feel the guy's breath on his lips and opened his eyes. They were really close, he could breathe his breath.
Tony would give him a furtive glance then and displayed a sly smirk. He would still be a little flustered and unguarded, but only Steve could see it. And as they both walk into the classroom, not late enough to get Fury annoyed but enough for everyone to suspect what they were doing, Steve's heart swelled with love, bliss and alpha pride.
Tony raised his head and stared at him with a confused face. Steve gave him a fond smile. Did he really think Steve wouldn't notice?
"And you want another pup..."
"I'm sure." Steve replied determinedly. "I'm fine. I'm not a fucking virgin, Tony. I can take it." Yes, last night had hurt a little but Steve was being fucked regularly enough that the little amount of spit had been enough for him not to hurt afterward. He wasn't even sore. He wrapped his arms even tighter around his neck and kissed him on the mouth. "And I have a very specific idea of how I want you to fuck me."
"Should I bring chocolate too? Steve loves chocolate. Champagne?"
He yanks his hand away as if he'd been burnt and turns on his back. He suddenly feels a lump constricting his throat and the need to cry. He's shuddering.
He felt dizzy for a moment and took a deep breath before he rang the bell. He didn't have to wait for long before the door opened and a very chipper Tony welcomed him, wearing a laid-back outfit which was something quite peculiar coming from Tony. He may have a scruffy look at school but he always dressed smartly. Steve paused for a minute, checking out the alpha from head to toe, until he noticed Tony's excessively excited smile fade slowly and felt guilty. He tried to dissimulate the blush he knew was creeping on his face and looked down at his bare feet. He was caught staring. How embarrassing! Especially when this said staring was unwelcome. Steve felt a little bad and wavered at the door, pondering apologizing or not.
Bucky shrugged. "You just rubbed me the wrong way, I really wanted to smash your face and make you shut up."
Steve sniggered. "Are you that bad of a lay?"
"Don't make half-assed offers, Barton." Bucky guffawed. "You don't know Stevie as well as I know him. You're gonna get burned."
Loki delicately takes Tony's hand off him but doesn't push him away. "I heard that too." He says and chuckles softly. "Too much maybe... I'm wondering if I didn't end up believing it eventually." His answer unsettles Tony for a moment.
—the painting everyone had been talking about for weeks. The "masterpiece" that had miraculously found its spot at the MoMA. The painting Steve had ripped away from his guts after their disastrous break-up. The one he had poured his heart and soul into, the one that meant so much for both of them.
He can't see what is just strikingly obvious, so much it hurts your eyes.
It was funny at first because when they walked to class hands in hands, people were confused. They would move aside and let them pass and avert their eyes. Tony is so tall and athletic, confident, and aggressive in his stance, only the ones who already know about him can see the inconspicuous vulnerability flashing through his eyes sometimes, or the imperceptible way he flinches instinctively when an alpha or a assertive beta growls around him or tries to impress him. He's built a persona, he has learnt to fight back over the years and never lets people put him down. In so many ways he's much more alpha than Steve would ever be.
"Well, let's talk about that guy, for starters," Clint dabbed into his husband's shoulder, smile gentle. "who's needed
A simple doodle sketched in no time and posted last minute on Steve's Instagram account on the 8th of June.
"Kind of became a habit after that." Clint continued, encouraged by the twisted curiosity of his audience. "After each concert we needed to release some tension. I think the only times we didn't fight then were when we fucked."
It's not James who snaps him out of his reveries, nor Felicia. It's Steve.
In another life maybe Tony will be able to love Steve the way he deserves to be loved. For now he's just waiting for the moment Steve leaves again and never comes back. Tony isn't sure he will be able to survive this time. Yet, he says that every time and so far, he has survived. He probably will die again and resuscitate when Steve comes back, again. Tony must be a cat, endowed with nine miserable lives. Hopefully he's living his ninth one now.
When they had relieved enough of their pent-up frustration they both fell on their back and remained like this, silently catching their breath, close enough to feel each other's warmth but with enough distance so it wouldn't feel awkward between them.
"I don't know
"I can't wait to see you naked." Steve whispered.
Everyone laughed. "Did you?" Someone asked Thor.
"You enjoyed it more..." Bucky replied. "Punk!"
"I wish Jane had been so proactive..." Thor said pensively. "I really thought she hated me at first. She was always glaring haughtily and sighed whenever I talked to her. Good thing that I'm a persistent guy."
Bucky frowned at him, looking confused and still a little troubled. "I'm not into dudes!"
Steve's brain zeroes out for a moment.
It took him a moment to realize the bell had rung. It took him a moment, too, to take his eyes off the boy's slender nape and the way he held his head aloofly. It was all quiet suddenly, or maybe Steve didn't pay enough attention to his surroundings anymore, or maybe he didn't care.
He broke Steve.
to feel. Steve's blue eyes are beautiful and his scent is entrancing, strong and heady, enrapturing. He feels the warmth of his words and the softness of his voice resonate in his entire body and spread like a sweet and burning fire. It must be the alcohol.
Steve suddenly remembered the empty closet and the spare toothbrush and the second armchair, and Tony's words... He
His funny mood didn't start long as his eyes fell on the student in question. Anthony E. Stark. The name resonated in him, somehow, and Steve snapped out of his daze and sat up from his seat to get a better look at transferred boy. He was annoyingly tall, dark hair, dark eyes, fancy clothes. A dashing smile. A
Tony chuckled, smile gentle as always. Steve was starting to wonder why Tony seemed to be so different with him. He was an ass to everyone else. That was common knowledge. "I didn't come here for that. I—"
"Yes, sir." Tony snapped.
Loki drinks a swig of his beer and averts his eyes to avoid Tony's intense gaze on him. He flashes an indecipherable smile at Tony and shakes his head slowly. "Nothing much."
Steve's confidence wavered as the post-orgasmic daze started to ebb away. The intensity in Tony's eyes was unsettling. "I'm really busy today," he muttered while brushing a loving hand on his boyfriend's face, "I told you so." Tony pouted and he looked unfairly cute with his disheveled look. His eyes were still red and shiny, his voice was wrecked and his lips were swollen. "I don't have time to get out for lunch, especially now..."
"What for?"
knows. Only Steve... Yet, Clint understands. He understands him better than Steve does sometimes. He knows Clint will never judge him, that's what he likes about him, but he can't help seeing the pain in Steve's eyes and knows how fucked up he is.
Don't think he is unhappy. He
my age."
"What again?"
"I haven't finished snooping into that box anyway. That could give me ideas."
Tony chuckled. He grabbed his face in his hands and plunged his eyes into his. "It's just an angel with my face." He whispered with a smile. "And for what it's worth," he added, "it's really a
Tony chuckles and feels his cheeks warm up. "Loki's hot." He just says in his defense.
Then he grabbed his ass and heaved him up, pressing his back against the wall. Steve curled his arms and legs around him. Tony pushed him against the wall as he held his own cock and slowly but surely Steve sank down onto his shaft. "Yeah, baby." Tony husked out. "Fuck yourself onto my cock."
Steve looked down embarrassedly and tried to hide the beginning of a blush. He shook his head and finally decided to climb into the car.
It was later in the afternoon that Steve decided to call Tony. His mother had gone to bed. It was pouring outside and the house was particularly quiet. The afternoon adorned melancholic colors. Steve splayed on his bed and took his phone. He dialed Tony's number a few times but it took him a while longer to find the courage to call him.
Natasha took the bouquet with hesitating hands, eyes staring right back at Tony, questioning. Her smile had faded to leave place to a profound emotion Steve had rarely seen on her face. They stared into each other's eyes for a moment a bit too long for Steve's tastes before Tony broke the silence, stuttering an emotional "You look radiant, tonight." Nat almost blushed and Tony walked to her to kiss her on the cheek, a hand on her hip curled around her waist in a gesture more intimate than decency should allow between friends. "Did you put on weight?" He whispered with a soft smile. "It suits you very much. You're gorgeous." Natasha beamed.
the one who taught me that. And we're gonna make mistakes, and we'll probably keep doing shitty things to each other but we're gonna talk them through. You don't need to be so fucking extreme all the time..."
Iron Man."
Steve growled as he came, spurting long strands of cum in Tony's throat. Tony eyes were plunged into Steve's, wet and shiny, and silent. He swallowed everything without protest and licked cravingly one last time before he let the used up cock slip out of his mouth. Steve was still shaking and panting and trying to catch his breath. Tony was on his knees, eyes hazy and lewd but passive. He looked debauched and Steve's half-hard cock jolted at the sight of him. He ran a hand in his damp hair and pulled on it a little. They were tousled, his clothes disheveled. Tony turned and tilted his head slightly, nuzzling into Steve's hand, brushing the tip of his nose against his wrist while humming softly. The urgency from before was gone, although he was still rock hard in his pants. They were both in a daze, happy and fulfilled. Steve ran his thumb down his cheek and brushed his lips, opening his mouth a little. Tony let him and caught his thumb into his mouth, sucking on it.
"Okay, boss." He hissed and the haze faded slowly from his eyes. Steve let his fingers brush across his shoulders while he passed by his side, needing the contact. Tony caught his hand right before he walked out of his reach and stopped him in the middle of his momentum. His fingers curled around his wrist and he tugged on his arm gently to press a kiss on his the inside of his wrist before getting up as well. Silently obeying Steve's orders. They exchanged a silent smile and got back to work.
Tony was leaning on the doorframe, waiting for Steve to knock on the door. Steve hesitated, slightly bewildered by the intensity in his boyfriend's eyes. He was smiling, lovingly, happily, silent. An expensive bottle in one hand, the flowers in the other. The moment could have lasted eternity Steve would never get bored.
"No." He said while emphasizing his answer with a large shake of his head.
That's true, Tony knows but he can't help feeling insecure about it. He doesn't want to ruin Steve's life. He doesn't want to do something he'll regret. He knows Steve wants it, he can
both of them, they're
That was the moment when Tony saw
Tony climbs down the bed and grabs Bucky's shoulder. At this point, the omega is no longer in control of his own movements. The alpha manhandles him like a puppet and places him horizontally, head dangling down, back against the mattress. This way Bucky is perfectly alined for Tony to fuck his throat, which he does without delay. He holds his neck at first, breaching inside his throat softly but then, when he's perfectly locked inside, he releases his grip on him to grab Steve's neck instead and catch his lips into a kiss.
His body was hurting everywhere and heat pooled in his stomach, spreading like a burning fire in his limbs. He almost tore his own clothes off and by the time he reached his room, he was completely naked.
They stare at each other and something happens. A connection.
"Stand still." He orders, although he doesn't have to because he knows the omega will do everything he wants him to in this state. He is such a good omega. Tony slowly takes his soaked sweat shorts down, making them slide over his well-rounded ass, and pulls his shirt over his head, taking in the sight of him with delight. Such a beautiful man, he thinks. The omega is gorgeous. Every inch of him is. Even his scars are.
He staggered out of the room, feeling dizzy, a strong headache pounding against his skull. His hand trembled when he brought it to his head. A sudden anxiety attack overwhelmed him, rising up throughout his whole body, making his heart race for a few seconds. He leant on the wall, took a deep breath, shook the bad feelings away—they were not better, nor worse than what he had felt all fucking day anyway—and set up to walk back to Steve. He threw the leaflets into the first bin he could find on his way, signed the discharge, leanrt that Steve had taken care of everything, shoved the prescription down the pocket of his boyfriend's hoodie and joined him. He could still smell him into the soft fabric, despite his own nauseating stench of booze, cum, blood and piss. He buried his nose in it one last time before Steve could see and felt a surge of happiness at the sight of him.
Stark and Potts turned around the corner and disappeared, unaware. Steve felt a strong grip on his shoulder, pressing hard on his collarbone. He startled and snapped out of it. He knew who it was before he turned around and was met with soft dark eyes, smiling warmly at him.
"Hi." Steve answered warmly and the silence lingered between them.
"What?" His boyfriend asked angrily.
Tony chuckled silently, looking away. They started walking again. Hands in hands. Smiles on their faces. Both silent.
Clint laughs again and takes another drag. "Good. I wasn't planning to tell anyway." He rolls around on his side and turns to Tony. Tony realizes how close he is and how blue his eyes are, almost as blue as Steve, and his eyes linger on the light blond stubble on his face. "Come here." Clint says huskily and puts the burning side of the joint into his own mouth. Tony inches closer and parts his lips before closing his eyes, feeling suddenly awkward due to the closeness. Clint blows back the smoke into his mouth and Tony feels it burn his lungs as he swallows it. His friend really didn't skimp on the weed.
Steve raised his head and looked at him. He was walking gracefully to the table with two smoking mugs in his hands. He couldn't help staring again. His eyes followed the movements of his strong legs and lingered over his bare feet, captivated. They were long and twisted, not really pretty to be honest, but he was obsessed. He raised his eyes again, following the curve of Tony's hip and the way they slightly swayed in his hurried pace. The moment maybe lasted a couple of seconds but it felt an eternity and Steve startled when Tony put a smoking cup of what looked like his favorite latte next to him.
The man snorted again. "No need to be so formal, my boy. I've known you for a long time and I care about you a lot. You know that right?"
"Why didn't you go for it?" Tony asked on a surprisingly serious tone. "I would
"Please, Alpha. I know and I want it. But you
And Tony stopped and dropped him slowly, breathing hard and heavily.
"Barnes."
"Fuck that bullshit!" Steve growls. "Freedom... That's bullshit! I'm an omega I can never be
thing.
"I get it, Tony. You two love birds needed time to enjoy your newlywed's home." He smiles gently, reassuringly and looks at Tony's hand. It is shaking again. "Do you need another drink, baby Stark?"
Tony looked suddenly innocent, face flushed and smile genuine. He looked down at his hands and played with his nails nervously. He bit his bottom lip and licked it.
The words struck Steve. He felt a shiver down his spine. Tony had always wanted to share a heat with him, Steve had blatantly refused. Never in his mind he had considered Bucky might have wanted it.
"That's not nice." Clint protested sulkily. "I thought you were really hot the first time I saw you. It's only when you opened your mouth that I realized how much of an asshole you were."
"Oh... but—"
Steve dropped his jaw in puzzlement and then felt a slightly angry feeling creeping up his chest. He ground his teeth and frowned at his boyfriend.
Bucky erected a protective finger between them and shushed him, placing it right on Steve's wanting lips. Steve shivered at the touch. Why had he waited that long for this?
But he should not worry, he was not the only one who hated himself in Tony's presence. Tony hated himself too. He just wished he could be free from his own existence but the feasibility of it was a bit tricky. He could free Steve from him though.
"It's not like I'm at risk of having lung problems." Steve adds, looking away. Another flush coloring his cheeks.
Tony grinned. "I told you, I won't. "Take fucking responsibility!"
Steve sat down on his heels and shrugged, a soft pout on his lips. "I thought you were trying to help? Kiss me, then! And we'll know if I'm into alphas after all..." He was being very serious.
