Dean grimaces as he swats the limp hand hanging out of the Impala’s trunk back inside. “Is it worse if I don’t know?”
Her eyebrows rise, but she doesn’t comment. She just zips up her hoodie and gives him an expectant look.
“What?” Dean freezes. “Why?”
“It’s not all bullshit,” Cas says softly as he turns back to Jack. “Looking after Jack has been one of the most rewarding experiences of my existence.”
“Well, what was I supposed to do when I saw a shifter on the grocery store security cam?”
Novak shakes his head ruefully. “We’re booked solid for today and tomorrow. Valentine’s, you know.”
“What?” he demands. “What do you want now? ’Cause I can’t think of a single thing you need from me, Cas.”
told him not to move in with a witch. Witches are nothing but trouble. Witches summon demons that wreak havoc on the neighborhood. Witches smell like stinky herbs.
The back door opens before Dean can finish his sentence.
How to find Cas in a big pile of
Cas surmises unhappily, “European tree frogs aren’t native to the Pacific Northwest.”
“Castiel Vauxhall,” Cas says, stepping forward after Dean and into the vault. “You’ve been double-crossed.”
Cas be his soulmate. Cas never brought up his timer, if it was still ticking, if he’d already met his other half. And Dean, coward that he was, never asked. If he didn’t know for sure, then there was that slim,
Dean’s eyes go wide, and Cas jabs him in the forehead.
“Can I help you?” a young man asks, eyebrows rising. “Sorry - I was practicing the cello.”
The photogenic Pacific Northwest scenery blurs past, but Dean pays it no mind, concentrating on the road.
What is this spell, anyway? Ancient Klingon? Elvish Pig Latin? He could fuck up the pronunciation, and this’ll all be for nothing.
Benny throws both of them a dark look. “Do either of
“What’s your costume?” Cas asks.
“Looks like,” Sam says grimly. He clicks the next page and narrates,
But the already feeble desire snuffs itself out as Novak’s eyes, full of intense suspicion, meet his.
“Cas-”
Gabriel shoves himself into the booth next to Chuck and starts talking.
Dean sighs. “Look, it’s fine. I got the message. Things weren’t right between us, so this is me trying to make it better.” He snorts. “And, of course, I get you thrown in jail.”
Naked guy blushes, and, holy shit, Dean watches it spread down his neck, almost to his collar bones. "A spell."
“Bold, hiding it in plain sight,” Dean muses, “Then again, I wouldn’t expect anything different from him. Did you hear he stole the Stanley Cup? The replacement isn’t very good.”
Cas looks up from his tome on Babylonian chaos magic or Shang dynasty dragon taming or whatever he’s moved onto now. All Dean knows is that the book smells like rotting flowers and mouse shit, so he banished Cas to the other end of the war table.
Dean gapes up at him. “Yeah.” He reaches for Cas’s hand, tugging him back down to the bed. “C’mere.”
Cas smiles. “My family stopped talking to Gabriel when I was a teenager, but we kept in touch.”
Castiel actually smiles. “Chuck is sending you on a wild goose chase for a goose that doesn’t exist. There is no copy here.”
“It’s
Dean flops back, turning his head to watch Cas bask in his own post-orgasm afterglow.
“No,” Cas says, offended.
@nbcsnl
Cas smiles, brighter than Dean has ever seen. “Let’s go home.”
“Of course,” Castiel says, sounding like he doesn’t know what exactly he’s agreeing to.
Castiel’s eyes are really blue. Why didn’t Dean notice in the conference room?
“Fine.”
Cas wraps a hand around the back of Dean’s neck, pulling him closer. “I don’t have bad ideas, Dean,” he murmurs.
Fifteen minutes later, Dean jerks his head to where a short, bearded man and a taller bearded man stand in the doorway. He mutters to Sam, “There’s Chuck.”
Gabe made Sam promise to look him up if Eileen was ever down for a threesome.
Castiel visibly swallows.
Dean doubles over with laughter.
“You’re welcome,” Chuck says magnanimously. “Now, I bet you’re all wondering why I gathered you here.” He lowers his voice, holding for dramatic effect. “I need you to steal the very first printing of of Dante’s Divine Comedy.”
“You were?”
One word: Purgatory
“Yeah, so chop chop.”
Kelly frowns. “It’s complicated?” she repeats, disappointed. “How?”
“Hey.” Dean takes a step forward. “Wait.”
stable relationships.”
“What’s happening?” Cas asks, his impatient voice coming from the earbud jammed in Dean’s right ear. “Naomi got into the elevator five minutes ago. Is she there yet?”
Cas doesn’t help, sitting there with his perfect, gobsmacked face, not saying a word.
Castiel nods, and Dean takes off at a brisk trot down a short hallway.
“This is the first guy since Mark you showed an interest in,” Aaron rushes to say.
“I’d sooner lick the dumpster,” Castiel blurts before he can filter himself.
Smiling brightly, he jogs the rest of the distance and follows Castiel as he slinks further back into the alley. Dean wrinkles his nose as they get closer to the dumpsters, and the smell of an entire rancid fast food menu hits him. “Hey, Cas,” he says as he takes his latte. “Thanks.”
“C’mon, old man, you can’t really be calling it in at midnight.”
“What are you doing here?” Cas’s gaze rakes up and down Dean’s outfit.
“And, regardless, your ‘hookup’ skills wouldn’t be relevant, anyway,” Cas says quietly, lowering his hands. “I’m not interested in… coupling.”
“Probably,” Sam pipes up.
Heart in his throat and pulse racing in his veins, Dean rings.
Castiel chuckles as he reaches for the box of tissues on his nightstand and cleans up the mess he left on Dean’s stomach. “Can you believe I forgot that was an option? My roommate is practically vegetarian, so I haven’t had it in months.”
Jo falls onto the nearby park bench, limbs sprawling out. To the sky, she asks in a deadened voice, “What now?”
But the real problem is that I have no idea what to say to you. I mean, what do you say when your best friend tells you out of the blue he drinks blood to survive? And that he’s over four hundred years old? This is even too wild for the pulps I read as a kid.
“In the flesh,” Gabriel says, preening a little. He points at Dean. “You’re the new grifter? It’s eerie, almost like looking in a mirror.”
“Fucking awesome,” Dean finishes raising his hand.
“No, I knew that.”
Cas shakes his head. “Souls are extremely volatile. Touching yours could bring this very dimension down, or wake everyone up, or something equally catastrophic.”
“I think that’s what his email is about,” Sam says, toggling back to his inbox and Carver Edlund’s message. He glances up to Dean. “So, what do you think? He looks legit.”
The voice sounds wrong, but Dean has to be sure. He shifts his weight to his other foot, hitching a hopefully charming smile on his face. “You don’t by any chance like to sing in the shower, do you?”
James’s face falls. Shoulders slumping, he pulls out his phone, squinting as the screen lights up. “He said he was here,” he mutters.
Dean rolls his eyes. “’M saying, add
“It’s not a catchphrase,” Cas deadpans.
“I had no idea,” Cas says, his voice and eyes unbearably kind.
as he unbuckles Jack from his carseat and lifts him into his arms. He walks with sure - but exhausted - steps to the front door.
Have you seen this? I'm so proud of them
Dean swallows as his right hand searches blindly for Cas's own. He gives it a squeeze. “Thank you.”
Dean scrambles for some sort of response. He comes up with nothing.
Dean ignores her in favor of the painting behind the bar. He doesn’t have a crap ton of art expertise, but he’s picked up a few things. A lot of money travels in the high-end art circles, and Dean has stolen a painting or five before. This
“Give Jack to me.”
“Wonderful,” Castiel says, smiling. “What time?”
Sam takes a seat and pulls Dean’s laptop towards him.
Sighing, Cas walks around and crouches in front of the pair of them. “I’m sorry,” he says sincerely as he plucks Wart off Jack and sets him down on the floor a few feet away. “Wart can’t come with us.”
“Of course,” Castiel says matter-of-factly. “That’s one of the most compelling aspects of tribute bands, when they flip the traditional male-alpha dynamic of the original, and how they translate that into their own act while keeping the whole performance authentic to the creators. It’s a fascinating process to watch and study.”
after their whole discussion about which earpieces to use. The moron spent a whole hour arguing for the most expensive ones with a ton of bells and whistles they didn’t need for the con. “Pull the fire alarm.”
“Yeah.” Dean touches his forehead self-consciously. He meets Novak’s eyes and, god, they are
“Nine? Like every Thursday?” he says, nonplussed.
“Hold on,” Dean thunders, taking a step forward,
“Do you… have plants in… Heaven?”
“The last movie I saw,” Castiel says, hesitant because Dean must know more about this than him, “my sister recommended it. It had an omega lead who led a team of paranormal investigators - a sort of horror-comedy.”
The corners of Cas’s mouth twitch, but, before Dean can see his smile, Cas turns around to push his pants the rest of the way down.
Dean nudges it in Cas’s direction, his face impossibly hopeful.
I’m a very poor example of a best friend.”
He brings his last apple pie latte home to Gabriel, and his cousin makes him write down, step by step, how to make it. In between actual licks into the cup to get the dregs, Gabriel swears to visit him at Hunter’s Cafe more often.
Cas bangs his forehead lightly against his white knuckles.
Dean says, a strange look in his eye like Cas should have known all along.
“You can always ask Jody about forming a new one in January,” Aaron says. “Honestly, the hardest part’ll be finding a time to meet. Don’t go for afterschool Thursdays, or Benny will kick your ass.”
“Hey, Cas!” Dean calls, jogging in from the brightly lit street.
“Then why?”
“Everybody knows that.”
Because Dean has
Dean’s head snaps up, his green eyes wide.
Nothing happens.
Dean pales. He taps his earpiece, muttering, “Sammy, did you get that?”
“Chuck tried to write about a bunch of thieves before he got to us. They all told him to fuck off.” One corner of her mouth raises in a small smile. “But not us. We all have red in our ledger, but Benny and I see this as a way to get some of it wiped out. Get the whole story out there.”
Cas smiles. “Then I’d better save the rest of the pie.” Under Dean’s disbelieving stare, he takes the stand and stows it under the counter, out of sight.
Cas bangs his fist against the bars, and Dean jerks around in surprise. “In case you haven’t noticed, I haven’t gone anywhere,” he says once he’s sure Dean is actually listening to him instead of whining asinine arguments to the wind.
“You mean that I dragged you into,” Dean corrects bitterly.
Dean blinks in surprise as he takes the pack from Novak. “Thank you.”
Such a mistake.
Dean nods approvingly. “Could be worse. There aren’t werewolves, right?”
Screwing his eyes shut, Dean lifts and tips the blood the over the crown of his head.
“You could’ve just said ‘Snoopy’ and I would’ve gotten it like
“Busy,” Castiel replies. “We have a new hire, and so far Kevin can only draw genitalia on lattes instead of flowers.”
“Because you’ve already got one foot out the door, right?” Dean demands heatedly. “Look, I know I made it weird after that shitshow with Benny, but I thought this would set us back on track. It could be old times, you watching my back, me doing something stupid.”
Cas pulls up the driveway as the sun starts to set over the trees behind their house in North Cove, Washington. He puts the car in park, ignoring Jack’s wailing in the seat next to him
Pursing his lips, Cas offers his hand out. “There’s not going to be much more excitement down here,” he says, jerking his head up the stairs. “I can transport you back upstairs.”
"I'm pretty sure every bar in town has a no shirt, no shoes, no service policy," Dean says with a shrug, relaxing as Cas doesn’t immediately turn him down or laugh in his face, "but, if you wanna take that risk, I know the owner of the Roadhouse. Jo would get a kick out of it."
Across the street, a taxi screeches to a stop, horns blaring, and Castiel stops dead in his tracks.
“Well, that was a
His mouth is goddamn salivating, and Dean doesn’t seem much more composed.
Dean tosses his trash in the dumpsters. “They sound awesome.”
Dean makes a noise of frustration, but, oddly, Cas gets the feeling he isn’t really angry. “It’s just - I like him, alright?” He glares down at Jack, like this is all his fault. “He’s cute as shit, and he’s obviously not about to start another apocalypse ’cause it’s Thursday. Hell, he’s the one who let me in here in the first place - no thanks to you, Greenpeace. I’m not gonna do anything to him except get him ice cream, stat, since those lima beans were nasty.”
Sam snorts a laugh. “Then he’s an idiot for doing it out in the open where you could catch him.”
“Budge up, you’re taking like three quarters of the seat,” Daphne complains.
“I exaggerated.”
For one night, Cas fooled himself that things between them had changed. Dean let him drive the Impala back to his place, and Cas fell asleep on his couch embarrassingly early into an Indiana Jones marathon. But, in the morning, Dean mentioned nothing of the previous night. He quietly made them breakfast and made smalltalk over pancakes.
Castiel scowls at her observation. Her intuition is what makes her an excellent cafe manager, so he can hardly fault her for that. He doesn’t respond to her question.
“Dammit,” Dean swears, grabbing Cas’s hand and squeezing. “I kissed you because I believe in you. I believe in us.” He meets Cas’s shocked gaze head-on. “I just didn’t know there was an us to believe in before.”
Kelly sighs and hefts him into her arms. “You’re getting too big for this.”
“Come on,” Cas says, glancing up at the cloudy skies. Only six fifteen in the morning, and Cas is already looking forward to when he can put Jack to bed. It’s going to be a long day.
Okay, yes I know I’ve been reading this with my shipper glasses surgically glued to my head, but COME ON how else are we going to read this???
Cas just stares at him as butterflies take flight in the pit of Dean’s stomach.
He raises his eyes, meeting Dean’s fucked-out gaze. As Dean watches, he licks his lips.
Dean had responded with a thumbs-up emoji. He didn’t have it in him to say any more.
Cas’s eyes widen in alarm. “I’m not using your soul, Dean.”
As far as Castiel saw online, Dean’s never spoken on the record about true mates, or any mates at all. Entertainment news sources reported rumors about him and a one-named alpha singer, Amara, early in his career, which he denounced thoroughly. A few months later, someone published revealing photos of him and an older alpha actor, Fergus Crowley. When asked about it, Dean refused to give details.
“Get revenge on Chuck and Michael,” Cas explains.
email address. (That particular joy was only overshadowed by the ten little digits right above Dean’s signature.) Second, to make sure he’s going to the right place.
Foot jiggling on the barstool and eyes trained on his hands clasped in front of him, Dean deliberately does not look around as the door opens.
Cas’s mouth sets in a hard line. “Despite my feelings for you, I am not yours to command. I will be going with you.”
“That was the point,” Cas sighs. “But now you do.”
Eventually, Dean says, “You didn’t mate me.”
“I know, man. I can smell the truth on you. ’S extra sweet, like apple juice.”
Cas dips his head, hiding his smile.
Cooped up in the Impala across the street, they'd been watching the witch's house for three hours. So far they've got a boat load of nothing, since she hasn't budged from her living room couch, conveniently stationed in front of a giant curtain-less window. Sam finished his boring research book a half hour ago, and when Cas's stomach audibly rumbled at six on the dot, Dean sent him out for a dinner run.
“For most old married couples,” Cas says dryly as he climbs inside, “spice does not equal violent murder.”
“Not a lady,” Cas says, his voice almost unbearably stiff. “And not an angel, either. A human - a beautifully flawed human.”
“So you lied to me.”
Cas blinks at him. “You don’t have a partner?”
“How?”
But, in the alley behind Hunter’s Café, Castiel’s nose is completely overwhelmed by the fryers of the fast food restaurant next door, the set of dumpsters directly to his right, and the almost-offensively
Times like these make Cas grateful he can’t use his grace and smite Dean right on the spot. “Dean-”
“Hold on.” Dean's hands are free of all-powerful infant, so he holds them up in supplication. “I wasn’t going to.”
“I’m sure they’re not that funny.”
Dean exhales a loud sigh. He studies Castiel, face scrunching adorably. Finally, he says, “I guess, the first thing is to say goodbye to privacy.”
Dean breaks away from Cas’s mouth to kiss at the hinge of his jaw, tonguing Cas’s pulse point as Cas gasps for air. He works the skin between his teeth, not enough to bruise or hurt, just enough to show Cas he means business.
Cas bites his lip. “You truly mean it.”
“What can I say,” Benny says, shrugging, “I’m an optimist. And I was so close.”
“Cas!” Dean blurts, skidding to a halt and grabbing onto the edge of the table for support.
Dean can make good on all those what ifs that have been plaguing him for years. “Tattooed on my ass?”
Wart gives a little shiver, but doesn’t leap away. His skin doesn’t feel especially moist, so Cas quickly gathers him up into his cupped hands and carries him back down to the kitchen. He fills their largest bowl with water and drops Wart in.
“Two years,” Kelly gapes.
The ice pack slips off his face again, and Dean doesn’t bother trying to put it back. Instead, he gets to his feet to hand it back to Novak. “Thanks.”
“No matter what the setup,” Dean breaks off, a flush spreading down the back of his neck down into the collar of his shirt, “swans, glass shoes, dancing bears, all the curses could be broken by…” he drifts off, impressively managing to look even more uncomfortable, all with his back still turned to Cas.
As Castiel draws back, Dean breathes, “Yeah, alright.”
“Are you experimenting with pet play?” Cas asks, and Dean would bang his head against his kitchen table if Cas wouldn’t hear it and get concerned. “If so,” Cas continues matter-of-factly, “several of the collars you’ve already ordered in the past should work just fine. But if you’re looking for a certain aesthetic-”
“We thought,” Aaron says, glancing at Kelly for support, “You were getting over Castiel, anyway.”
Dean rakes his gaze up and down Cas’s face, looking for a break, for a tell - even though he knows he won’t find any. “You saved the world. A couple of times by now.”
His cock demands attention, but Castiel tries to ignore it in favor of Dean. He doesn’t dare touch himself - he has a feeling his knot will pop in a minute flat, and he has plans other than accidentally knotting Dean's bedsheets.
“I didn’t,” his Dean says with a grin.
Work’s going to take me by your neck of the woods in two weeks. If you’re still in town, we could go to the movies, get a burger. Just like old times. I saw an advertisement for a new movie, Blade Runner, the other day. It’s science fiction, so you don’t have any leg up on me like when we watched Heaven’s Gate. What do you say?
to keep with the animal companion theme. He briefly considers a National Geographic documentary on amphibians, but the little promotional clip shows a snake lunging at a toad, and Cas shudders at what else it might contain.
He runs into Dean coming from the other direction, carrying two to-go coffees in hand.
Sure, he had some vague fantasy in his head when he was just starting out at the club that he’d find the perfect dom, and they’d pick out a collar together, but this is better. Because, at the end of the day, the only person who owns Dean is himself.
forms above Cas’s collarbone, so small Dean almost misses it.
“I’d give my first born to ensure that isn’t the case,” Cas says gravely. “But you know how unpredictable they can be.”
“Of course not,” Cas says defensively, “He’s only a child.”
Dean hesitates, but none of his carefully honed warning signals are going off. Castiel seems nothing but genuine. “Steal the copy of The Divine Comedy.”
“Dude, don’t make me pull the boss card,” Jo says, the barest hint of threat in her words.
“You were the one who told me to pick up eggs.”
Dean shrugs. “Donated 90% to Sloan Kettering, the rest to the development of a new pain drug in Israel. It has weed in it, so they can’t do the research state-side.”
know?”
Dean watches as her face falls into a mask of confusion.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “That’s not pie.”
Dean pulls back, but he keeps both hands on Cas’s upper arms just to feel him. Solid. Warm. Alive. “You okay?”
On the other end of the line, Sam groans. “Dude, do you have any idea what time it is?”
Aaron’s glad Dean and Castiel are here, if just to steer the conversation away from all the boy talk. He always has a good time with Kelly and Daphne, but, damn, they can really fixate. Lately, all they’ve been focusing on is Castiel, which, Aaron can kind of get behind - even though, obviously, Dean is more his type.
Still, he starts chanting.
Wart lets out a sympathetic chirrup.
The guard reddens, looking away from the pair of them. “Right. You do that.” A clear dismissal.
“Okay, we’ve got to hear that story,” Benny says into the silence.
“D’you think Sam will help bury it?”
“Seriously?”
“Yeah, since I’m pretty sure I’d be in Hell by now,” Dean says, forcing a smile on his face. “Your turn.”
Nothing.
Dean shrugs, finally meeting his eyes. “I’ve done more on less intel. You know that.”
Sam shrugs. “They’re very compelling, apparently. I’ve been checking it every very few months, but two days ago I got a call saying they were running out of space.”
“It does count because highly processed sugars shut off your satiety hormones, causing your hypothalamus to-”
“My favorite all-omega tribute band, though, is Omega You Eight One Two,” Castiel muses, “a Van Halen cover band.”
“Only because I am an optimist at heart,” Cas gripes.
Dean blinks, dumbfounded, at Cas, the words
Cas throws his hands up in the air. “What possibly makes you think that?”
Dean whirls around, his heart in his throat.
only barely keyed him in. The dude was even trying the runs and everything.
“True love’s kiss, alright?” Dean blurts, gesturing between them forcefully. “That’s what broke the spell. That’s what broke all her spells, for the coma girl, for both coma girls, and the dude with all the hair.” The corners of his mouth lift into a forced smile. “Rapunzel gave Sam a real run for his money.”
Cas’s mouth thins, lips pressing together as he raises his glass to his mouth. “You don’t need to stay to keep me company, either,” he says in a low voice. “I’m the one under the spell. If you have anything more pressing, I can wait here for Rowena.”
Cas bobs a nervous nod. “I hope that’s okay.”
“And who are you to judge how people spend their fortunes?” Dean challenges, not entirely sure why he’s asking.
Cas’s shoulders slump. “I did warn you, you know,” he murmurs, trying to pass Dean on his way towards the door.
Castiel nods, chastised by Dean’s reaction. “I should get back to work,” he says awkwardly.
“No,” Dean says mulishly. “I wanna help you, man.”
Cas smiles in return. “If I had known a love spell would result in this outcome, I would have sought out that witch ages ago.”
“If you signed on, wouldn’t there be a big name attached?”
Dean shakes his head.
Dean sighs. “Yeah, he’s still a baby.”
After Lisa, I went off the rails. Tried to fuck you out of my system. Instead, I just got sick. Exactly what I was so afraid of. Karma for being such a dick to you, probably.
“Enough.”
Jack doesn’t make a sound, deeply asleep.
“And now I’m on my own again,” Cas mutters. “And I don’t really know what I’m doing at all.” He smiles humorlessly. “At least, if Sam somehow tracks us down from that email, I won’t be so alone.”
Novak reemerges, ice pack in hand. He holds it out for Dean.
“Good luck,” Novak calls to his back, and Dean almost flips him off before he remembers he is a good fucking person.
“Am I-?” Dean gasps incredulously. He laughs, breathy and not at all sounding like himself. “I’m good, buddy. I’m fucking awesome.”
“I’m not a flasher.”
Aaron shrugs.
Dean steps out of line, into Castiel’s personal space and with him so tantalizingly close, Castiel can’t stop himself from ducking his head to scent him properly. His nose skims along Dean’s collarbone, up the side of his neck.
Castiel turns to face him. “I like it,” he says after a beat. “It has character. I don’t have many interests outside my studies, and I’m not going to put up the phonetic alphabet on my walls.” He smiles wryly. “I already see the notation in my nightmares.”
Castiel dips low and breathes in deeply.
Jo’s voice calls from the last vault in the line. The rest stand wide open and empty.
“I didn’t think anything of the sort.”
“Hey!”
Upstairs, Cas shushes Jack with a few murmured words of comfort, lifting him out of his crib and carrying him to the changing table. Jack, used to the routine, is only a little fussy, so Cas makes quick work of cleaning Jack up and bringing him to the kitchen for breakfast.
“Good,” Castiel says, pulling him away. “We need to get out of here.”
Son of a bitch.
No answer.
Dean blinks. “But Mountaintop hasn’t signed anything-”
“You sure?”
“That’s four more than Led Zeppelin,” Cas says like he didn’t just betray everything Dean has ever loved.
Cas blinks. “I didn’t think you wanted anything like that,” he pauses, “with me.”
“You’re
lunch break yet-”
“He’s trading us for a
Dean always hides a spare bottle of booze in the bottom drawer of the desk in his bedroom. It's mostly empty, but, hopefully, by the time Dean's polished it off, Cas’ll be cured, Rowena will be gone, and they all can pretend this never happened - Dean can pretend that Cas stopped keeping secrets because he’s learned they always blow up in his face in the past six years.
family introductions since you apparently already know Sammy, and he’s the worst out of all of ’em.”
Dean, almost instinctively, scoops Jack into his arms. “Hey, no, little man, it’s okay,” he says, awkwardly clambering to his feet and sidestepping bits of broken Ikea furniture.
“I think Benny was easier for Chuck to find since he’s ex-special forces - Delta something or other? Anyway
“And we were! After I got everything set up at Lisa’s.”
“Hey,” Dean’s hand flies to Castiel’s forearm, “Wait.” He twists out of his grip, fumbling in the dark.
Cas tilts his head. “How could you possibly know that? You’ve never tried to force me to stay.”
Cas straightens, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, and Dean has never seen anything hotter. “Was that satisfactory?” he asks, his voice raspy from the workout.
“He might get out into the wild,” Cas says, turning to glare at Wart as he edges back towards them. “And because he isn’t a native species, he could eat food and take resources that the other frogs need.”
Cas smiles and, because he is not a jackass, he doesn’t make Dean wait before returning the sentiment. “I love you too. Shall we go?”
Cas gives a considering grunt.
Dean frowns down at his unconscious self. “How so?”
“You looked constipated,” Dean adds.
“Thanks,” Deans says, his voice sour as old lemons. “I told Charlie tequila shots before Monopoly was a bad idea, but did anyone listen to me?” He gestures to his face. “Next thing I know, Jo’s throwing Charlie’s bag of DnD dice at my head.”
“I don’t,” Castiel interrupts. “I think you’re the most beautiful man I’ve ever seen.”
Cas stares him down, daring him to continue his sentence. Finally, one corner of his mouth twitches.
“Does this school have Model UN?” Castiel asks. “I was looking to set up a chapter at Carver before I switched positions.”
Cas, still suspiciously silent, shoves both his hands in his pockets and stares hard at a spot of the floor between his feet.
Dean’s mouth twists. “It’s not like I could threaten you with a cleaver - you’d probably tase me from an air vent before I got close.”
Dean waggles his eyebrows. “A few times, bitch. Now, where’s my pizza?”
“No offense taken,” Castiel says easily. “With my lifestyle, posturing is a waste of time. I long ago resigned myself to not being the primary breadwinner in any future household.”
Dean hitches a grin on his face that probably wouldn’t fool a blind person. “So, apart from that, how come you’ve never come to me for help? I don’t wanna brag, but I’m kind of an expert in hookups. Sam’s kind of hopeless. He can’t get a chick into bed without her dying on him.”
Jody waits for the rest of the staff to leave.
He still sends Gabe a card for the holidays, and usually Gabe sends him back candy samples from wherever he’s vacationing for the winter.
“You were just gabbing up there,” Dean protests, reaching for his beer, “leaving these two lovely ladies with only little old me for company.”
Cas sighs, audible in the stuffy, tension-filled space between them. He doesn’t approach, instead hovering in the doorway, and isn’t that how it always goes? Always poised for flight, that’s Cas. “Dean,” he repeats, which only makes Dean's blood boil that much hotter.
“Who the hell are you calling old?” Sam demands. “You watch Jeopardy! every night and your favorite food is meatloaf.”
Castiel collapses back in bed, his toes curling from the aftermath of his orgasm. In a minute, he will get up and wipe down Dean’s stomach, but right now his legs and arms refuse to cooperate. “That was…” he starts, turning his head to face Dean.
“You weren’t being a dick.”
Cas deliberately pushes on until the house is out of view. “Wart will be there when we get back,” he assures Jack as they head down the familiar trail that loops around part of the lake.
Dean first contacted Cas after getting his third rash from the generic collars they keep on hand at the club. Apparently he is allergic to whatever they use to treat the leather. Lucky him. He bought the most basic model Cas listed.
On Saturday, they head to the park. Dean tosses a frisbee and Bones goes apeshit for about fifteen minutes before collapsing in a blonde heap of fur. Dean nudges him with his foot, but Bones doesn’t budge. Goddamn dog had to decide he had enough
“I can’t make anyone stay,” Dean finishes in a quiet voice.
Dean blinks languidly at him as Castiel adjusts the pillows, making sure Dean is comfortable. They’ll be staying like this for the next fifteen minutes, after all.
until some rando told me, fuck yeah you can.”
Dean wrinkles his nose. “That reaper really screwed you over, didn’t she? Look, just because you got shanked, doesn’t mean all sex winds up with an angel blade-”
“You need vitamin D for healthy growth,” Cas reminds him, “and research has shown that greenery improves productivity and mood more than man-made, unadorned walls.” He smiles slightly to himself. “Not that you need to be worried about productivity yet. That can come in your own time. Right now, the most important thing is that you are happy and adequately stimulated.”
Dean taps his fingers impatiently on the table. “Can you do it?”
Cas straightens and nods.
He sang, softer at first before growing louder,
Dean wastes no time in downing half his new drink. Throat burning in warning, he forces out, “Why - why can’t you? You’re a freaking angel - thought you could have anyone.” Dean frowns. “He’s not a civilian, is he?”
Cas can’t pinpoint exactly when, but silence has come to mean strained, awkward relationships and pregnant pauses before being asked to leave. No, he much prefers idle chatter and background noise to oppressive, foreboding silence - even if he has to provide it.
“To die of blue balls?” Dean gripes.
Cas lets out a surprised laugh. “Of course not. I didn’t even think - well,” he falters, casting a sidelong look at Dean, “I’m not disappointed. Believe me.”
Kelly blinks. “Yes.”
Don’t look at his dick.
“I couldn’t tell her it was all bullshit and wreck whatever placebo effect was working its magic,” Dean says in a low voice.
up to something. Why tattle on him? Don’t you want me and my brother in the slammer? Get some retribution for Mountaintop?”
Cas throws him an exasperated look. “Perhaps a few years ago. But now? I’ve made too many mistakes, and people have suffered - you and Sam have suffered - as a result. You don’t need to spare my feelings, Dean. It’s hardly what I deserve.”
But each time he opens his mouth, he sees Dean in that bar, chatting up a pretty, leggy blonde before striking out.
Dean chuckles. "Sounds like her."
“And B, I’m not inviting you back so you can put on a Zorro mask and slap me ’til I can’t think straight,” Dean finishes.
“Not yours,” Cas echoes absently, his blue eyes raking up and down Dean’s face. “Truly? You don’t scene with anyone?”
After they talk, one thing leads to another, and Dean has to show Cas for himself how well his collars fit. To foster professional pride. But there's nothing professional about the way they make out like teenagers in Dean’s bed.
Not goddamn Illinois.
“Because if you still have unresolved issues that can only be resolved through song, I know only one woman who has the appropriate catalog.”
The corners of Cas’s mouth twitch. “I certainly know more about modern medicine than Dr. Sexy.”
Dean’s phone buzzes.
Daphne giggles. “Garth’s wife - have you met Garth? He teaches Chem - owns it. There’s a whole story there, but I can tell you later, if you like.”
Once he got Cas on board, it was almost comically easy to get Crowley and Naomi to bump into each other multiple times a week, culminating in a shared elevator ride that not-so accidentally stalled for twenty minutes.
“Hey, don’t bring Mom’s meatloaf into it-”
“I take it you’re not in favor?” Castiel asks, reaching for the paper ball and smoothing it over curiously.
Castiel has no idea how to respond to that, so he doesn’t. Dean can’t mean it like Castiel thinks it sounds. He’s an actor: intuitively being what his audience wants is the dictionary definition of his job. Instead Castiel asks, “No french fries this time?” because he’s not nearly ready to leave yet.
Sam scowls. “It had a resurgence after the angels came into the picture.” He casts a sidelong look at Cas, who’s apparently absorbed in reading a note from Vancouver, British Columbia.
Dean grins. “I mean, if you spot me a six-pack and don’t tell my trainer about it, I’ll clean your kitchen.”
The hostess scans her sheet of names, shaking her head. “There was a reservation for Winchester at four PM, but that’s it.”
He sulks through most of the movie, only perking up as the prince rides off to rescue the sleeping princess. He leaps out of his salad bowl and hops over to Cas and Jack on the couch. For a better vantage point, Cas lifts him up and sets him down on the armrest.
Oh god.
“What the fuck?” Dean snatches it back.
Castiel raises his voice. “You’re Dean’s brother?”
Kelly said he was being paranoid when they picked a pediatrician four towns away, but Cas had to err on the side of caution. If angels, if demons, if the
“Shhh,” Dean says loudly as he kicks at the door, just enough to crack it open, “We have to be quiet!”
Dean closes his eyes. “To be fair, I didn’t see the first one coming.”
Dean actually dreamed about that burger, a few months after his Cas-sponsored stay. When he told Cas about it, Cas let out a bark of laughter.
“Look,” Dean says as he scoots further up the bed so he’s more aligned with Cas’s chest than his knees. “You were the one who was all gung-ho about getting a job to interact with normal people.”
The receptionist, Adina, gives him a professional little nod and picks up the phone.
Cas stands stock still before he tentatively kisses back, so tenderly, Dean almost doesn’t notice. But Cas breaks away first, his expression carefully blank. “You didn’t have to do that.”
Replying to @Impala67
Dean doesn’t need to be told twice. He bolts for the stairs, and Castiel can only make himself wait until the door slams back shut to take off after him.
Castiel checks his email no fewer than five times on the way to the concert venue. First, to revel in the fact that he has
“You were cursed?” Cas repeats, frowning as Jack squirms, trying to get a better view of Dean.
“And you didn’t think you’d tell us you’d been whammied?”
“Of course not.” Cas turns around to fetch utensils and a napkin for Dean. “You worked your way up from housekeeping to executive manager. You know the Royale Inn inside and out - if the Inn was going to sell out for Labor Day weekend, it would be under your management.”
It’s not the smile he expected Dean to wear once he got Jack within his grasp. It’s not a smirk. Not a sneer. It’s more like the face Dean makes when he finds he’s secured the last slice of cherry pie, or when Led Zeppelin comes on the radio by chance. But it’s somehow more.
Benny nods approvingly.
Behind Daphne, Benny surreptitiously slides Charlie a few bills, muttering, “I told them this was stupid.”
“Does Sam have a late engagement?”
“Another Roadhouse,” Cas says like it’s obvious. “Those hunters Sam is teaching, they will need another meeting point once they’ve completed their training.”
“Oh,” Cas says, so quiet Dean can barely make it out over the surrounding chatter and mid-level music in the background.
for his books?”
Castiel’s brow furrows. “Wasn’t that a biker bar?”
“You want to know?” his voice practically drips with skepticism.
“Cas-” Dean tries again.
“You’re staying?” Dean says, his mouth dry.
“Awesome,” Dean says.
“Did you eat breakfast?” Cas asks, slightly revulsed but entirely unsurprised as Dean inhales half half of the fries and a quarter of his burger in record time.
Novak lifts one shoulder in a half-shrug. “She used far more expletives, but that was the general idea.”
Dean falters. “Because you don’t?”
Castiel glances down curiously. “It seems so.”
“This is very sweet,” Cas rumbles.
the woman yelps.
Dean strips in record time and hops in the shower after him. They might as well get started now - Cas has a lot of skin left to cover.
“Love spell,” Rowena proclaims as she glides down the stairs to the Bunker floor like it’s her personal ballroom. Her midnight blue floor-length gown and elaborately curled hair look especially out of place - Dean’s pretty sure his shirt has pizza stains from at least three different pizzas. But the shirt is red, so at least two of them don’t count.
Dean grins. “There you go. One budget Halloween costume, LGBTQ Association approved.”
,” Aaron says as he sits down.
“Already ate ’em, while I was waiting,” Dean says dismissively.
Dean laughs as he half drapes himself over Castiel’s chest. “Do blow jobs count?”
Amazing! I looove this idea
“Dean?” Cas turns back around, concerned. “Is something wrong?”
“Dean?” Cas asks, concerned. “Are you alright?”
Dean could not possibly have heard what he thinks he did. But the timing is right - for once. He spins around, practically losing his balance thanks to the booze he already drank.
Cas falls back into his seat. “I suppose we need deeper secrets.”
Cas is their third wheel, the stabilizer that keeps Team Free Will upright and moving forward. Without him, they’re a tandem bicycle, and nobody wants a repeat of that opening scene from Gabriel’s sitcom from Hell.
It’s like he’s been doused with a bucket of ice water. Dean steps back, shame filling him. That’s fine. He can regroup. Hopefully Cas will be more receptive behind closed doors. It’s not the first time this has happened, anyway.
Silence falls between them, and Castiel glances over Dean’s shoulder, tentatively scanning for the people who caught his attention earlier. Plenty more would have approached Dean if he hadn’t slipped away to Jo’s latte, waiting for him; Castiel would bet his job on it.
“Look,” Jo says, lowering her voice, “Dean’s famous, sure, but he’s actually a very private person. He runs his mouth to anyone who’ll listen, but he never really says anything important. So he doesn’t really connect with a lot of people. If he says he likes you, I’m gonna say that’s a good thing and make you his designated errand boy. And if you tell him I said any of this, I’ll kick your ass.”
But none of that mattered because every step of the way from Castiel, mighty Angel of the Lord, to Cas, their friendly neighborhood angel-man, he never hinted he’d be down for a quick roll in the hay... or something more serious.
Cas frowns, leaning over to read the thought for himself. He straightens. “But they don’t look like pandas.”
) “So what’ll it take?” Dean asks, frowning as he flits through more and more implausible answers.
Cas slots his leg between Dean’s, his thigh lightly brushing against Dean’s hard cock, and Dean has to actively concentrate not to rut against Cas and shoot his load in thirty seconds flat. He groans as Cas applies a bit of pressure.
“So you have no idea where they are?” Cas asks, his voice despairing.
“Hey, I don’t judge,” Dean says, not entirely truthfully. He holds his hands up in a gesture of innocence. “Homo it up, man. Love is love.”
Breath hot and heavy against Dean’s lips, Cas grips the edges of Dean’s flannel, anchoring him to Cas’s front. His mouth is hungry as he kisses Dean, and Dean can’t help the way his hands reach up to tangle in Cas’s hair, dark and soft, and everything Dean’s ever dreamed of.
“Yeah, I put that one together for myself, thanks,” Dean grumbles as Jo slides into the booth next to him.
Sure, she’s a little disappointed Castiel is clearly off the dating market. But, bonus, she has blackmail material on not one, but
So distracting.
Dean makes a face. “You’re really not.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Two for two, Sherlock.” He about-faces to the window again. “Rowena helped translate the bitch’s grimoire, and apparently she didn’t carbon copy the fairy tales, thank god. There was a one-sized cure fits all.”
Castiel nods, an all-encompassing warmth filling his chest and exploding out to the tips of his fingers and toes. “I’d love to.”
their schedules.
“Can we make it fifteen?” Aaron asks desperately, shuffling to the side so he better blocks the way in.
Dean nods slowly, unable to look away from Cas’s face. “So you figured you’d pick up Audrey II before you blast Pleasant Town off the map?”
“You could say so, in a sense.” Cas raises his eyes to meet Dean’s, face softening, and Dean’s going to hurl for real this time. Cas continues, “There’s not much in my life I keep from you.”
Cas picks up a letter curiously.
[Dean_Screaming.gif]
He kissed Cas.
Dean pulls out his phone to check the time. He makes his next move in his Words with Friends game with Mom. He replies to Sam’s request to meet for lunch at the diner down the block from Sandover.
Dean barely checked that Cas came home in one piece before the phone rang, and Dean had to talk some podunk sheriff out of throwing Krissy in jail for desecration of a dead body. By the time FBI Deputy Director Willis got Krissy out of that jam, Cas had disappeared into the bowels of the Bunker.
and I make eye contact with Tara Benchley and -
Dean braces one elbow on the desk, “Tell her it’s about the cyber attack on Mountaintop’s top executives yesterday.”
Fog has been rolling in all morning, so they have plenty of visual cover from any curious neighbors or stray joggers. Initially, Cas was reluctant to leave the warding of the house for anything, but by his second month cooped up in this musty, drafty house with only an infant for company, Cas finally understood the human phrase “climbing the walls”.
Dean can put on his big boy pants (figuratively, since the pajama pants he’s currently wearing are covered in hotdogs and are the most comfortable pants he owns) and tell the naked guy to take a hike. Or ask for his number.
“Yeah, yeah. You got an early class tomorrow?”
“Really, Jody?” Dean complains.
At noon on the dot, Dean strides through the halls of Mountaintop Insurance. Clad in a perfectly tailored suit and holding a smart briefcase, Dean strides up to the welcome desk. “Hello, I’m Richard Cole from Sandover Securities here to demo our data security software for Amara Tenebris.”
Dean throws his head back and laughs.
“I do,” Dean said cautiously.
in terms of fitting in with normal people stuff. Dean suggested they go on an honest to God date about two weeks after that went down - dinner at a fancy place in Salina. He even looked it up on Yelp. But, naturally, Cas had to ask ahead of time what usually happened on a date -
“Dean?”
He turns back around, but the doubt doesn’t go away.
He breaks off, his eyes going wide as his gaze fixates on a space below the small of Cas’s back.
“I could have lied!”
brb dying
A strangled “Cas-” is all the warning he can get out before he comes with a shout. It feels like Cas’s throat wrings every last drop from him, leaving him in a hazy euphoria.
Sam hurls a demon bomb the Empty, and the vibrations to the floor of Hell itself almost make Dean drop the second vial of blood.
“Why Twitter?” Dean repeats, considering the question. He looks over at Castiel, who shrugs. “I see it as the best, most direct way to communicate with the fans. And I made the announcement because Cas is pretty much only on Tumblr, which is anonymous, so we couldn't say it there. He only follows a few fan accounts, anyway.” -
As Dean’s brain struggles to make sense of just about everything, Cas nods once. “Well, now you know. I’ll go wait for Rowena’s cure in the library.”
“Damn straight.”
Castiel probably shouldn’t tell Dean what is exactly on his mind. Castiel has found very few people appreciate his default brand of honesty - Hunter’s Cafe customers, especially. But Dean isn’t technically his customer - he’s Jo’s - and Castiel has reached the point in his life where he doesn’t need to hang onto people who don’t like him and vice versa. Dean isn’t even providing extra publicity for the establishment, since he’s getting serviced in the alley behind the kitchen.
As Cas hands Dean's drink back to him, he repeats, “So, is this a date?”
“Yeah, that does sound like him,” Aaron agrees. He’s been on the receiving end of Dean’s charm offensive once or twice. It’s always left his head spinning.
“Hey,” Dean greets with a toast of his glass.
Dean grins, cocky and playful. “What took you, Alpha?”
Sighing, Dean troops off.
“Jesus Christ,” Jody swears under her breath. She’s managing children. Horrible, gossipy children. “Okay, I guess everyone could use a refresher.” She clears her throat. “PDA is strictly discouraged among faculty. It’s in the goddamn handbook, people.”
Whir.
Jo rolls her eyes, alpha irritation practically radiating off her. “Good for you.”
Dean snags one of Cas’s curly fries, ignoring his look of mild offense. Silently, he offers a sip of his own coke since sparkling water is for sad people who spice up their life with a different type of
A small, petty part of Daphne is tempted to deny it as punishment for keeping this from her. But mostly she’s relieved. “Yeah, mostly,” she mutters.
“We don’t have the necessary supplies to keep a pet,” Cas says, exasperated. “And who knows what sort of bacteria and diseases it may carry.”
He leaves Dean no choice but to grab his face and kiss him again.
Dean eyes him over the lid of his cup. “Not a downside from where I’m standin’,” he drawls.
Castiel sighs and wipes his hands on a dish towel. He picks up the drink, sniffing curiously.
Dean swallows past the lump in his throat. “But I have faith in you now, Cas. I have faith you’ll come back to me, and we’ll sort out all our shit back home, where you belong. You went on and on about how I taught you to care, but you taught me how to have faith. Not in God, not in some higher calling,” he chuckles humorlessly, “not in fate, but in you.”
“Come on,” Dean opens the passenger side door and gestures for Cas to get in, “We’ve gotta spice up our lives somehow since we’re that boring old married couple now.”
“Dude-”
Far from looking disappointed, Cas’s expression turns distinctly smug as he sits back slightly on his haunches, slowing the pace of his hand to a crawl.
“The song you just sang,” Showerus Interruptus called, his voice echoing off the tile in the bathroom. “What was it?”
"Are you
Dean tries again. “Hey, Room 15! You gotta vacate!”
Dean throws his hands in the air. “Fine,” he says, “but he’s taking your from pizza share, not mine.”
Dean freezes, crouched awkwardly between a standing and a sitting position. “What partner?” he asks as he plops down next to Bones.
Wart’s thoughts are a little muffled, like Cas is hearing them from under several feet of water.
Castiel waves off Amara. He waits until the door closes behind her to turn to Dean and say, his expression grave, “You need to call off the job right now.”
“Go!” she actually flaps her hands at him. “One more try won’t kill you. C’mon, you know you’ll regret it if you don’t try…”
The fucker even looked pleased Dean didn’t have to shell out the dough for a fancy steak.
First, the booze.
Do you mind if I use this as my desktop wallpaper? All of the other art I like is shippy and super NSFW lol
Castiel silently despairs. He has never been in a place this nice, or expensive, in his whole life. For God’s sake, he sleeps on a futon in Gabriel’s old home office. He spends his free time wistfully looking at adoption sites, all the while knowing he can’t afford
“Seriously?”
“Fuck,” Dean swears as he finds his footing. He stares at Aaron, and Aaron stares right back.
“We need to talk,” Cas growls, almost herding him back up the stairs. “Sam can deal with Rowena.”
Dean nudges Cas in the side. “When do we get started?”
“Dean and
Wart doesn’t respond, not that Cas really expected it from the frog.
“We would put you in danger,” Cas says, watching Dean carefully for his reaction. “Many powerful entities want Jack for themselves.”
“It’s for a dog,” Dean clarifies.
“You know, if you invite me up to your room,” Dean cuts him off, “you’re going to have a bitch of a time getting me to leave, right?”
Cas’s expression hardens, but he doesn’t give up hope. With Dean, backwards as he is, an angry reaction might mean Cas is right. Dean has always been the most defensive at his most vulnerable. Still, Cas has to remind him, “Just because you’re uncomfortable with your emotions does
“No,” Daphne says, nose wrinkling. “And I don’t want to. I’ll stay here, out of the splash zone, thanks.”
“With me.”
“No,” Dean says, and before Cas’s face can fall too far, “our first date is going to be dinner and
Sammy was the big soulmate skeptic in the family. He found his non-timer approved other half while he was protesting an illegal dismissal of a disabled employee. Three years later, when Sam bumped into Gabriel Crawford in a strip club at midnight on Dean’s birthday, he discovered Gabe was perfectly happy to let Sam live his apple pie life while Gabe continued to party like it was 1999.
“Yeah, but you didn’t start sleeping over at-”
"Oh my god, I love you, dude," Dean says as Cas gives him the still-warm pastry. Before he can overthink it, Dean ducks down to kiss the back of Cas's hand before shoving the pie into his mouth.
“You look remarkably more put together than last time,” Castiel says as he leans against the doorway, watching Dean sip at his drink.
“You got that playing Monopoly? Wait, Jo did this to you?” he demands, gesturing to the cafe behind him. “Jo Harvelle?”
Wart hops up on his hand.
Was Cas actually trying to convince him to go up to his room? What a dumbass. Dean laughs.
him brotherly love didn’t count for shit.”
He can’t look at it any longer. He shoves it in his pocket, and the receipt with his soulmate’s phone number crinkles in protest. With a sigh, Dean takes out the flimsy piece of paper.
Cas lays a hand on Dean’s shoulder and squeezes. “Apparently I am a gay icon now,” he says, his face completely serious.
” She pauses. “Do you know why Chuck writes about us - me and Benny?”
Castiel walks around to his side, his own plate in hand. “I’ve met plenty of terrible alphas in academia. They’re equally awful; they have more diverse interests.”
“Like that,” Cas says, turning to Jack. “Now that you’ve shown him you respect his boundaries and care for him, maybe he’ll come closer. What do you think?”
because he physically bites his tongue.
“It’s a spell,” Cas says, transferring his attention to
Dean follows his line of sight, his expression closing off. His scent sours as he stares, hard, at the golden awards.
he adds quickly. “I’m mine, and he’s in his, and the sound carries, I guess, between the floors.”
Dean scowls. “Again, gross.”
“I’ve called for the burgers on several occasions at other locations,” Cas assures him. “It tastes as good.”
Dean adopts a matching frown. “You’ve seen Little Shop of Horrors?”
Wart, of course, doesn’t answer. But he hops closer, practically sitting on Cas’s neck.
Dean grins. “Easier than taking candy from a baby.”
Cas straps Jack down into his car seat. The Impala’s back seat wasn’t built for safety features of any kind - save the lap belts Dean installed himself - and the car seat wobbles precariously. Cas nudges it again, testing its stability.
he growls in Dean’s ear, angling his hips up on his next thrust to ensure Dean maximum pleasure.
Dean turns to him, unintentionally jostling Jack, who wakes up with a small whine. “Hey buddy,” Dean soothes, reaching for him. “Time to wake up already?”
Truthfully, it could be worse. He’s spent plenty of fun weekends staying in with Cas, squabbling over whose turn it was to use the stove for frying burgers (Dean) or boiling hiccup cures (Cas). As long as Cas springs for next-day delivery, Dean could be looking at freedom in under 48 hours.
Cas swipes at it with a cupped hand to nudge it right back outside, but the frog evades him with one impressive overhead bound. To Cas’s complete consternation, it settles on top of the nearest kitchen cabinet. He scowls up at it, the complete opposite of Jack’s burbles of glee.
"Of course not," naked guy says quickly, his eyes wide. "It's, ah, a spell for good luck in love until the next moon. There's nothing sinister about it at all."
Wart croaks again, distressed.
"What's your name?" Dean asks.
Busted.
Dean mainly used his computer to download porn.
"It's pretty late, but I think I’ve got some decaf somewhere," Dean says, forcibly shoving down his rising embarrassment at being so presumptive. He’s asking out
Cas straightens. “Dean, what on Earth are you talking about?”
“Or maybe he does,” Cas adds, amused, as he mops up the rest of the splatter.
Jack is safe, asleep. Dean is
“Of course,” Cas says, rolling his eyes, “How could I forget? That’s why she broke up with you the first time.”
“And kick the asses of homophobes everywhere,” Cas adds with a slight dip of his head. He frowns. “Charlie said violence was a key component of any superhero mythos.”
Three minutes after Cas’s last text, Dean ran into his soulmate. Right on schedule.
Castiel goes bright red. It’s a good color on him. Brings out the blue in his eyes. “I - well, that is to say - I am not - it’s complicated?” he fumbles.
“You also like prime numbers and trench coats,” Dean says wryly. He grins. “Sometimes you’re just way off base, man.”
Cas nods. He swallows, meeting Dean’s apprehensive gaze. “Thank you.”
Dean drains the dregs of his beer. “I’m gonna get another, Cas? Daph? A-Game?”
Dean huffs. “Yeah. I have a bunch of shirtless scenes, so that means three months with the diet coach from hell.”
It’s his last goddamn night in this apartment building. If this all blows up in his face, he’s going to be across town tomorrow, enjoying a cold beer and his first-ever dishwasher.
Dean smiles. “You know I’m always down for that burger.”
Dean frowns. “They have a gimmick?”
But everyone else Dean knew bought into the soulmates game, hook, line, and sinker. His parents were soulmates. Benny and Garth both settled down with theirs. Charlie and Aaron were holding out for theirs. Hell, even Jo had her weird thing with Bela Talbot.
Cas scrambles for a lie. “It was dirty.” Thank God, he zipped jacket three quarters of the way up his chest, and he left his flannel (stolen from his Dean’s closet) back at the motel.
“Cook?” Dean echoes, intrigued.
Dean winces, his gaze sliding back to Jack. “He okay?”
Replying to @Impala67
“You didn’t even hear me out,” Dean protests.
“What?” Jo asks, her hands on her hips. “You seem to get along with Dean. I actually didn’t know you could talk that much before I sent you back there.”
“Right,” Cas says, mildly irritated that Dean’s prediction of his past horniess failed to materialize. Instead, the younger Dean just seeks to mock him, which Cas really should have seen coming.
Castiel smiles, and Dean grins back.
No response.
because, despite his disappointment, Dean couldn’t let his soulmate disappear into the throngs of Michigan Avenue. Dean wasn't about to fall to one knee, but he also couldn't let his best shot just
with these people every day,” Cas hisses, wringing his hands. “The last time an executive got… busy with a coworker in the pool, the mocking didn’t end for
“Then why the KU keychain?” Castiel can’t help but ask. “The socks?”
Jack, already crawling his way towards them, pauses as Wart disappears into the leaves. Frowning, he squints up into the branches.
“Poughkeepsie. Pull the goddamn fire alarm and stay away from Chuck.”
Dean gestures around them with a wry hand. “Jo likes to keep it under wraps.”
“The phonetic alphabet?” Dean repeats, bemused.
Cas waits until the opening shot pans over the ocean to ask, “I know this about a famous maritime disaster, but there is a happy ending, correct? That is the most common trope of chick flicks, from what I understand.”
“No way,” she breathes, glancing at Aaron and Kelly for confirmation.
Sam sighs. “The last time Charlie was here, we hacked Flying Wiccan Press - Chuck’s old publisher - and we redirected his mail and royalty checks to a local PO box. I figured if anyone deserves money off those books after what he did, it’s us.”
Cas rolls his eyes. "Not in the context of this spell, not exactly."
“Cas-”
“You can afford a weekly latte, Dean,” Castiel chides, reaching for him in the dark. “I might even start charging a handling fee.”
He got all the way here, and he’s going to be wandering around like a moron until the Empty comes back and all the prayers in the world won’t save his ass -
“I hate you both.”
“He’s a little more than that, so you can lay off the beans,” Dean says with a ridiculous confidence in his voice.
Kelly rolls her eyes. “Would I even be talking about him if I thought he was married?”
“Britney? Seriously?” Dean asked, smiling despite himself.
is going on?” Dean demands, his gaze flicking between the two of them but lingering on his older self. “Did I time travel again?”
Dean throws his head back laughing. “Dude, I’ve been flirting with you since the first day of class.”
What are furries?
“How specific?”
“You couldn’t have given me any warning?” Cas hisses.
“Red pandas,” Dean corrects.
“But the collars-” Cas restarts, “Most people buy them for their partners.”
Daphne has had it up to
"Awesome, now that we've got that out of the way," Dean says with a light grin, "d'you want to grab a drink back at my place once you're done here?"
“Shit, yeah,” Dean mutters. There’s a click, and they’re both bathed in a soft orange glow from a lamp on Dean’s nightstand.
"What's going on?" Cas asks into the silence, clambering into the car. He cradles his bag of fast food to his chest, staring at the two of them curiously.
Cas stares back. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
Dean leads him through the crowded sidewalks. Once again, Castiel is following that all-consuming scent, sending his alpha instincts into overdrive. His pants, uncomfortably tight, rub the wrong away with every step.
Jo frowns. “Of course. But he doesn’t like bragging about it - or talking about it at at all.”
“I think the naked guy saw me.”
“Grifter,” Chuck adds.
Dean glances at Cas, horror trickling down his spine. “No.”
Dean’s barely wrestled the top off with shaking fingers of leftover anger when a knock sounds against his door.
“Not with you,” Dean shoots back automatically.
“Huh?”
“Hopefully not, if Sam did his job right.” Dean crosses his arms over his chest, gaze darting all over the room. Except at Cas.
Cas stops moving entirely. "You're inviting me back to your home?"
“Dean?”
Head swimming with too many thoughts to name, Dean couldn’t get the right words out. He gestured mutely to his wrist, pulling up the flannel to show him.
“What an awful day,” Cas sighs as he throws himself onto Dean’s prized memory foam mattress. He doesn’t even take his shoes off first, like an animal.
The next time the guy faces forward, Dean catches the dark runes painted on his arms and forehead.
January 6, 1983
“What?”
She rounds the final corner before the Teachers Lounge and stops dead. Because Aaron and Kelly are hovering outside the door and
Wart hops up onto his thigh, a small, slightly damp, weight of assurance.
as he hunts down the werewolf, where he does nothing at all and lives with the guilt forever.
Dean laughs. “You don’t have an eight pack either. It’s all artistic license, baby.”
Donna throws her hands in the air as Kelly, Daphne, and Aaron converge on her like piranhas tasting blood in the water. “Jeez Louise,” Donna grumbles, “a little warning wouldn’t kill ya, would it Jody-o?”
Cas carries Wart in his bowl of water for the rest of the night as he does chores around the house and reads his newest child rearing book. The eighty-six other titles strain the small bookshelf in the living room. But if the next book can tell him how to keep the devil’s child from turning evil, Cas will keep ordering more.
“Wait ’til you’ve seen the damn movie.”
“Nobody,” Dean says, “but
“We’ll be let out as soon as they process Lisa’s complaint and Sam comes with the car.”
“Thank you,” James said swiftly. Without another word, he took off back down the street.
co-president with Charlie,” Cas says icily.
“But this slice is mine,” Dean says hurriedly, clutching his take out box close like he’s afraid Cas will yank it back.
“I need you, Cas,” Dean says simply. “I think part of me always will.”
There are various cries of,
“I don’t know,” Cas starts, exasperated, but an actual smile tugs at his mouth, “let it go about its business? Not all monsters are monsters, as you’ve learned several times over.”
Castiel blinks. “Does he… pursue teachers?”
Castiel smiles, his expression wry. “I’m almost positive you’re the only person who thinks that.”
“Not yet.”
“Not for you, maybe,” Dean says with an obnoxiously loud slurp of his latte.
Cas listens to the whole song - partially to think, partially as punishment.
Dean shrugs. “Game nights get intense. Why do you think I’m always bangin’ down your door the morning after?”
It's a little gay
“Yeah, a lot of it.” Sam sets aside the laptop and reaches for a nearby letter in a robin’s egg blue envelope.
“It was before I knew you were my soulmate,” Cas says quickly. “I’ve never felt like I fit in in California, and my parents live in Pontiac. The Chicago office is decently large, and, well, I knew you were here,” he says, his voice going quiet near the end. He straightens. “So there were many reasons.”
Wart croaks in defeat and jumps down. However, he’s not airborne for long before Jack’s eyes glow gold, and Wart finds himself floating back down to Earth, light as a fluttering piece of paper.
Dean raises his voice so Novak can hear him. “Three, actually.”
“And after that?”
Castiel forces out, puncturing each word with a brutal drive of his hips, all but spearing Dean open on his cock.
Wart doesn’t think much of the idea, if the way he attacks the rest of the mashed potatoes is any indication.
Replying to @Impala67
“You doing okay?” Aaron asks after he’s flagged down the bartender.
“This is me,” Cas says, insulted.
Her eyes narrow, and whatever expression she finds on his face makes her ask, “Are you okay?”
“Cas,” Dean breathes as he surges forward to wrap his arms around him. “You heard my prayer.”
Castiel hums again, digging his fingers into the meat of Dean’s inner thighs, keeping his legs spread and open for him. He probes deeper, trying to taste every inch of Dean he can reach.
“We’re short-staffed at the moment,” Castiel says apologetically, “so you got me again.”
According to Chuck, he lost his job because his old Hitter joined the company as a fixer and reported him to management.
Still beyond speech, Castiel dumbly hands the affront to coffee over.
Castiel raises his eyes. “Are you not enjoying this?”
Cas doesn't move. “Aren’t you afraid I might be a crazy person?” he asks frankly. “We hardly know each other, and you’re giving me your home address.”
Goddamn, Cas hasn’t even really touched him yet, and Dean’s so fucking done.
Castiel’s eyes widen in surprise. “Me?”
things like that now) to Montreal with Eileen. Why Sam didn’t go somewhere with a beach and little umbrella drinks makes zero sense to Dean. It just proves that Sam is still capable of being a freak even after Chuck stopped pulling their strings.
Castiel sighs. “Three.”
Naked guy is even hotter up close. Tall, but not as tall a Dean, lean but with enough muscle to make things interesting.
“With what poker face?” Dean asks, laughing under his breath as he shoulders open the door - already ajar - to the vault area. “Come on. We gotta get Jo and Benny before -”
“Memorable ones,” Dean says, glowering.
Cas sighs, twisting around in the mirror to see. “I had a feeling.”
Aaron scuffing his shoes against the floor, nods sheepishly.
Those little chocolates on the pillows ruined Dean for motels everywhere.
Kelly stares at the pair of them. “Do you two
“Uh, it wasn’t so bad,” Dean says, reaching up to run a hand nervously through his hair. “The legs took some time getting used to, but I could get so much air, man, you have no idea.”
Dean grins, spreading his legs so Castiel can nestle between them. “What the Alpha wants, the Alpha gets.”
“I never thought I’d hear Dean Winchester defending the murder of an inno-”
Dean grinned. Time to give this poor, deprived son of bitch an education. “Alright, buckle up. You ever heard of Kansas?”
@cajunvamp
“I hate that you’re making me say this.”
Cas doesn’t say anything as Dean moves to peruse a row of books he has no intention of ever reading. Eventually, Cas protests without much conviction, “My head is in the game. I am still useful.”
Aaron rolls his eyes at the nickname. “I’m good,” he says, holding up his three-quarters full glass.
Castiel smiles. “That’s wonderful.”
Fine. Dean gave him his fair warning. Not his fault Sam didn't listen. Dean elbows Sam mercilessly in the gut and rips the spinner out of Sam's hands. He chucks it out the Impala's open window, and the spinner sails through the air to land somewhere on the witch's lawn.
Cas huffs. “In practice, yes. But I spent millennia watching humans copulate. There’s hardly a sex act or position that would surprise me by now.”
“We haven’t done that,” Dean says, frowning as he peers over Sam’s shoulder at the computer screen. The glare from their giant penthouse windows of Austin’s Fairmont Hotel makes it difficult.
“If anything comes up, just text me,” Dean says quickly. “I’m hanging - no, we’re not gonna run out of towels. The linens got delivered this morning like they always do. Was that a hypothetical question or a real question?” He shoots a pleading look at Cas.
“- releasing the Leviathans.”
Dean takes in Cas’s unamused face and scowls at Rowena's tinkling laugh. “Okay, Sabrina, what the fuck do you mean by ‘love spell’?”
Cas pinches the bridge of his nose between his thumb and index finger. “You’re upset. This is why I didn’t want to tell you.”
Complete silence. Jarring enough to make his ears ring with the phantom loss.
“There’s this great place near here where I meet my brother all the time, Paulie’s. D’you know it?”
“Watch who you’re calling
going to-”
“If you’re looking for something to eat that’s not a whole meal,” Cas starts, fingers tapping nervously on the cover of his paperback, “there’s a pie stand off Southport, near exit 41?’
“Dean?”
Jack giggles.
"I could loan you a pair of sweatpants," Dean offers instead as they cross his backyard.
“Dean turned back into a human this morning,” Cas says as Dean appears by his side, Jack cradled in one arm.
you didn’t time travel, but me you did,” his Dean says, lowering his hands and fishing around in his bag. Silently, he tosses Cas a fun sized Almond Joy.
He has to - Cas hardly asks him for anything anymore.
“Not that,” Castiel waves off his protest, “whatever you are doing with Chuck Shurley.”
What a cutie. Kelly grins as she leans in over the table. “You want to know which students are the worst?”
Dean nearly falls over laughing.
“I must’ve been mistaken.”
“I-” Cas says, his gaze skittering from Dean to Rowena and back again. He doesn’t look like he’s been taken by surprise. He looks… caught.
His Dean laughs. “‘Palling’ isn’t the word I’d use.”
“We were kids,” Dean admits with a sigh. “My dad was out of town, and Sam fell in with a bad crowd. He wound up literally stabbed in the back - plus a concussion. If he didn’t pull through, I had all the stuff ready for the nearest crossroads. Thank god the nurses and the docs worked their magic.”
and getting Kelly and Daphne so they can witness the big reveal with him, is still rooted to the spot as the door bursts open and
Kelly laughs, a tad hysterically. “Probably. I - well, nice running into you. I need to go - my son’s wandered off, and I need to find him because I am not a terrible mother.”
here too, asshole. If he makes any… advances, just let Jody know. She and Donna - the guidance counselor - can handle it.”
To which Cas turned back to Dean, said those big,
Yours,
Kelly scowls.
“Too long,” his Dean says cheerfully as Cas glares at him.
Cas sets down his own burger. “It looks like we might be pulling this off after all, which made me think about my own dating life.” He exhales a slow breath. “I haven’t had the time to date since I took this job.” He eyes Dean carefully “I don’t think you have either?”
“You didn’t need to,” Cas says, glaring down disapprovingly at Dean’s suspiciously empty coffee cup.
Dean geared himself up as his neighbor continued,
Cas eyes it curiously. “There are no monsters to fight here.”
! It's obviously more important!"
“Jack likes mashed sweet potatoes,” Dean cuts him off in a carrying voice, “and he’s reading at a first grader level because he’s a nerd, like you.” Without a warning, he all but shoves Jack at Sam, who scrambles not to drop him.
Cas’s mouth falls open. “You
“Nope, hopefully you get off soon so you can have a stiff drink.”
Dean frowns. “When you touched that kid’s soul in that hotel room, it didn’t go all Fukushima on us.”
“Like Barbra Streisand?” Dean eyes them both up and down. “Can’t say I see the resemblance.”
“They made me promise not to tell,” Kelly says ruefully, lips pursing.
Dean spins around, his heart beating wildly in his chest.
Jody has never seen her staff with their heads so far up their own asses. They get
Dean cracks up. Wiping at his eyes, he grabs another letter at random. “We’d better get going on the rest of these. The faster we read ’em, the faster Sam can reply.”
Dean runs a hand through his hair, completely at a loss. Before she can leave, he blurts, “I’m looking for a guy.”
“If the Omega insists,” Castiel demurs as he resumes his previous position between Dean’s spread legs.
“I did,” Castiel says, clearly unnecessarily.
Dean shakes his head.
But before Dean can leave, Castiel says quickly, “That’s not the way I see it. Your specific frustrations aren’t universal, but hardly anyone’s are. Society is inherently unfair, and it’s understandable to be angry about it.”
Castiel slides his hands under Dean’s flannel, slipping his thumbs under the hem of his shirt to touch Dean’s heat-flushed skin. With a gasp, he breaks their kiss. He ignores Dean’s whine of protest, and ducks his head to kiss the sensitive skin over Dean’s scent gland on his neck. When he sucks, hard, Dean all but convulses against him.
Cas’s responding grin falls as the doors close behind them and the elevator starts moving. He shakes his head. “It’s a shame there are cameras in here.”
Without looking at him, Dean asks, “Lemme guess, you need a shitton of rare ingredients delivered that we don’t have here?”
“I mean the angel’s been cursed with a love spell,” Rowena says with deliberate slowness, like she’s giving a command to a particularly stupid lap dog. “Was it not obvious?”
And like an exquisitely-built house of cards, it all tumbles down. Soundless and devastating.
Dean frowns. “I don’t know-”
Castiel carefully transfers the dirty plates to the sink. “Getting along with him isn’t the problem,” he says darkly.
Castiel studies Dean’s open face carefully before he says, “But they have to be a more suitable partner than me.”
miss an opportunity to talk to a drunk Eleanor Visyak, and Rowena turned out to be surprisingly knowledgeable about 17th century English politics.
“Small mercies,” Cas mutters, slamming the Impala’s trunk closed.
“’Course I didn’t force you,” Dean says bitterly. “You were always flitting off to Heaven or Bumfuck, Nowhere, to rescue a cat from a tree or whatever. I figured it was stupid to even try.”
“Hey,” Dean says, catching him by the hand. “Wait a sec.”
“Wait,” Jo says, setting down her fruit, “He didn’t talk to you
The naked dude spins around, and Dean quickly ducks out of sight. “Shit.”
“But,” Dean says, words failing as he wars with himself. He could push Cas for more info or keep on living in blissful ignorance. But if he has to choose between his own personal peace of mind or Cas experiencing the one pinnacle of human happiness (or so Dean’s been told in countless chick flicks he’ll take to the grave), it’s no choice at all. He starts again, “If you tell me about him, it’ll make this a lot easier.”
“Seriously?” Dean asks, craning his head as he looks around. It certainly doesn’t seem like it used to be owned by a French wine type of person.
Hurt, Castiel takes a step back. Jo probably needs him for… something.
Jack sniffles.
“You got the antidote to Cas’s little problem?” Dean asks brusquely, clomping down the stairs. He already feels claustrophobic surrounded by the windowless walls piled high with pickling jars and boxes spelled shut, never mind Cas boring holes into the back of his head.
“Then why do you do it?” Sam adds.
Cas pets him on the head. He feels a little dry, but nothing to get worried about yet. “I try not to think about them - Jack should be more than enough to keep me occupied - but I can’t help myself sometimes.”
Cas levels him a flat stare. “Pride Man’s mission is to call out incidents of homophobia.”
Jo laughs. “What else would I do? And what company would ever trust me to walk the straight and narrow with my history?”
“You only think you love me because of a love spell.”
After a long beat, Dean asks, a touch hesitantly, “So, what’ve you been up to?”
I have written a short story about Dean and Castiel’s first meeting and first kiss ten years later.
Cas ducks his head. "Yes?"
The corners of Dean’s mouth tilt up into a reluctant grin. “Guess so.”
“Make it short.”
Surprised, Castiel takes a moment before laughing. “Or pie.”
Dean taps his fingers on the desk. “Dude, I live in Chicago.”
“The one you’re reading.”
Lately, those feelings have been returning.
“What time are you closing today?” Dean asks, and Cas’s flimsy excuse dies on his tongue.
Cas makes do by combining the applesauce with carrots. Wart doesn’t care for it, if his look of disdain is any indication, but the mixture is sweet enough for Jack and nutrient-filled enough for Cas, so that’s what Jack is going to have for breakfast.
“He has his cooking club,” Dean says with a grin. “And, like, half the student body goes. I sometimes go and help out too, if he needs extra hands.”
Jo gets to her feet and stretches. “You should check out
Showerus cut himself off.
“A wise thing to say, considering the limitations of the average human lifespan.”
what you’re worried about?” Castiel says as they stop at the first intersection.
Wait. I thought you owed me for saving your hide in Purgatory?
“No way,” Daphne breathes.
Of course, Dean wasn’t
Dean shakes his head. “My guy definitely isn’t British.”
Sam rolls his eyes and raises his finger in challenge.
“No quicker way to get your name on Dean Winchester’s shit list,” Aaron agrees. He surveys Castiel again. “So you know him pretty well already?”
“Son of a bitch,” Dean mutters as they break apart, breathing a little faster than normal.
Cas nods stiffly. Dean and Lisa were together for almost a year - a short period of time, for some people.
Dean fumbles with his keycard to beep them in, and he quickly gets out of the car. “I live around the corner,” he says shortly. He tosses his keys to the valet, glaring at the red-vested girl the whole time, and doesn’t wait for Castiel to follow him down the street.
The week after, Bobby’s garage received a gift certificate in the mail. It was for a weeklong stay at the Chicago location of the five-star hotel chain Cas works for, in Dean’s name.
Cas takes his drink, jaw clenching. He doesn’t look like a dude head over heels. He looks like his normal sleep-deprived, tax accountant self. He stays silent.
Giggling, Jack cocks his head this way and that, trying to see Wart, but Wart is stuck firm. As Jack’s laughter subsides, Wart takes off, and the game starts again.
Cas frowns at it.
Daphne glances at her watch. Jody gives them a half-hour to get their affairs in order, but Daphne doesn’t mind staking out her seat in the Teachers Lounge early. She can save two of the precious few non-wobbly chairs for Kelly and Aaron.
Dean huffs into his beer. “Single parents have it rough, though.”
Castiel squints at her, his eyes narrowed in suspicion. “She was pursuing me?”
because apparently there are zero boundaries when it comes to Team Free Will. And Sam, like a total Samantha, said most people talked about their feelings and life goals.
Dean’s chest aches. “Didn’t I tell you it wasn’t about that?” he asks gruffly.
But he does like having one.
“You’re not taking this seriously at all.”
“I don’t remember the last time I told someone I loved them to their face,” Dean says hesitantly, and it’s excruciating to say these things out loud. “Not Lisa. Not Bobby, or even Sam.” And before Cas can stumble right back out the door, Dean reaches for his hand. Dean’s palms feel gross and clammy, but Cas doesn’t seem to care, judging from the wonderful world of Disney look coming over his face. “So if you need that sort of thing, you’re angling to get with the wrong dude.”
Anyway.
His own heart unbearably heavy, Cas rereads the news article. Amanda’s school picture burns into his retinas. He closes the browser window, flitting through scenarios where he leaves Jack to hunt down the werewolf, where brings Jack
What Castiel wouldn’t give to scent Dean’s joy for himself. “He would probably love that latte,” Castiel continues wryly.
Halo, though, Halo was inexcusable. Dean, in the middle of his own shower, hadn’t even realized the guy was
And then he leaves.
Title: Lost at Sea
Cas colors, his gaze dropping to the floor. “Forget it,” he mutters. “We don’t-”
Castiel
Fuck this. They needed to get moving.
“Just one more,” she pleads. “Man, I code all day and read fantasy novels on the weekends. Nothing this exciting ever happens to me.”
Cas laughs lightly. “You have such a way with words.”
Cas scans the foliage, his gaze catching on the telltale lighter patch of green. Wart is crouched about three fourths of the way up, his slitted pupils watching Jack with amusement.
Dean beams over at him. “Hell, yes.”
“So what’s your next plan?” she asks eagerly.
Castiel, still buried tongue-deep, groans as Dean clenches tight around him. He licks him through the aftershocks, smiling as Dean’s hole twitches and spasms with oversensitivity.
skating along his outer forearm.
James’s lips press together. “Thank you,” he says to the hostess, his tone clipped. “I’ll wait there.”
Castiel can’t see Dean’s expression, but his heart twinges with sympathy. “I’m sorry that happened to you.”
“Yeah, but…” Dean drifts off, glancing away. “That was before.”
“Christ,” Dean mutters as he falls back on the bed.
“Uh,” Dean throws him a bemused look, “Yeah? I bought the tickets, dude.”
“This is the best one I’ve ever had,” Dean swears.
“You can always go outside to hunt for yourself,” Cas says, tilting his head towards the kitchen window, cracked open to maintain airflow but not let in too much rain.
Dean’s mouth twists. “Me. I know dating me comes with a lot of baggage, so I get it if you want out. ’S not like I could turn it off - be, y’know, normal for you.”
“You sure about that? You practically slept in it.”
Jack babbles excitedly, pointing at Wart.
Cas’s fingers clench around the bars. “How in God’s name did you make anything weird after dinner with Benny?”
Cas texts back about a million dog and tennis ball emojis when Dean gets around to sending him a pic of Bones, jumping for a frisbee in the park around the corner from Sam’s house.
After a beat, Dean mutters, “Parenting blogs.” He crosses his arms over his chest, as if daring Cas to mock him although Cas would do nothing of the sort. He continues, “At first, I was only looking for a good mac and cheese recipe. But there’s such
Cas steps forward, and Dean can practically feel the weight of Cas’s gaze on him. Dean doesn’t turn around; he can’t. He can’t look at Cas and know it’s the last time he’ll be seeing that half-exasperated, half-smitten expression on his face.
Cas’s nose wrinkles, but he doesn’t comment on Dean’s hamfisted attempt at proving his acceptance of ‘alternative lifestyles’ as Dad might’ve put it charitably
“Think a bit harder, and you might burst something.”
“Are you hungry?” Cas asks rhetorically on the way to the kitchen. He drops off the baby bag on the table and sets Jack down in his highchair. It’s nearly seven at night, an hour after Jack’s usual dinner time.
Cas swallows, his lips pressing into a thin line. “It’s alright.”
“How do you know?” Cas asks, twisting around to catch a glimpse of his son, sleeping peacefully in his car seat.
Castiel smiles back. No words come to him, but Dean probably won’t take offense. The post-orgasm endorphins are still flooding his veins, and he could stay in this bed, tied to Dean, forever, and have very few complaints.
Why Cas couldn’t just look up a local place still baffles Dean to this day, but he has never been more grateful for Cas’s weird-ass logic.
Dean doesn’t lift his head. “What would you have been doing this weekend if I didn’t Cas-nap you?”
Dean leans against the back of a navy couch, arms crossed over his chest, eyebrow cocked as he watches Castiel enter his home. The ass barely seems out of breath.
“Great,” Castiel grumbles.
(And Cas had thought fully grown humans were baffling.)
Dean snorts. “Don’t have to tell me twice. What’d humanity do this time?”
“A guy, then,” Dean says to make sure they’re on the same page - because last time he checked, waves of celestial intent cared less about acing a Gender and Sexuality 101 class and more about whether a meatsuit could withstand a holy oil molotov cocktail.
“Hmph.”
Cas taps his empty glass on the table, irritated. “Please, leave it alone.”
“I am a VP,” Cas assures him. “There is very little I can’t get you about that company.”
Castiel shrugs. “It depends on if you want to walk through those doors in the first place.” He inhales a sharp breath. “When I was younger, I really wanted to be a beekeeper.”
Castiel tilts his head. “That would hardly be your fault. Most failed films are hardly the work of one person. Usually, it’s a combination of a bad story, bad production, and bad acting.” He levels Dean an appraising look. “Right off the bat, you control two of those elements - pick a good script and act as well as you always have.”
Why you gotta call me out like that, man?
“Hey,” Dean asks as he slides in between the freshly-made bed, “does this mean I finally get free coffee?”
Castiel shakes his head ruefully. “I wouldn’t know what to do with a true mate if I had one.”
Benny smiles broadly. “The hazards of running three years of cons with her.”
Dean leers at him unashamedly and grandly gestures to the nearest shower stall. “Don’t let me stop you.”
As Cas sweeps around the desk, he tells Wart, “I’ve been reading children’s stories to Jack, and we just finished the Sword in the Stone. King Arthur was called Wart before he became king, and I think it’s the perfect name for you - it’s quite hilarious actually.”
Cas sets his menu down. “As I told you before, it’s too dangerous. You could cause a temporal paradox, and we’d have to send that distress call to Jack, who, as you know, is busy with being God.”
Castiel can’t help his noise of disgust. At Dean’s sharp look, he says aloud, “She’s probably worried nobody will come back if they try it.”
Dean snorts. “I see why Naomi hired a Harvard grad as her assistant. You have such a knack for spotting things other people don’t, Sherlock. Has anyone told you that before?”
“The love spell,” Dean says hoarsely.
A man’s voice this time.
Jack refuses to lie down despite his clear signs of drowsiness. He sits up, blinking slowly at the pair of them.
Kelly opens her mouth but no words come out.
“Unbelievable,” Cas says under his breath.
“You okay?” Dean asks.
For lack of anything better to say, Dean supplies, “Unusual.”
“I’m sure not all films are like that,” Castiel says. God knows, Anna’s made him sit through enough films with an omega protagonist that did not fit the typical romantic comedy restrictions.
Dean seesaws his free hand back and forth as he sips at his latte. “Not always.” He lowers his voice. “I actually like cleaning - it helps me relax and shit. There’s nothing like blasting some tunes and scrubbing out that stain on the counter that’s been annoying you forever.”
Dean’s eyes widen
Dean smiles. “Dude, it’s what we do for family. No hell dimension is too far.”
“Why?” Cas’s grip has turned to iron around Dean’s forearm. Meeting Dean’s gaze squarely, he answers his own question after an excruciatingly long moment, “You don’t think I like you back.”
Cas doesn’t answer at once.
“Me?” Sam demands incredulously. “I live here! What the hell are
To add insult to back-stabbing injury, his manager gave him barely 48 hours notice, so his usual work hotel was booked up by couples looking to escape piles of dirty laundry, children, and sticky countertops. At least, Blue Skies doesn’t charge by the hour, so he’ll avoid the more skeezy Valentine’s day guests.
“Or,” Cas ventures, “You could get revenge.”
Kelly resists the urge to facepalm. “What did I tell you about wandering off? Or talking to stran-” She backtracks, finally focusing on the man. “Oh, hi, Castiel.”
Wart makes an offended croak at the very suggestion.
Dean grins. “Sure is.”
Jack frowns at Wart, his face full of questions Cas can’t answer.
“You have enough connections in the community to round up a decent clientele base,” Cas continues. “Not to mention your reputation, which would go a long way towards drawing hunters you personally haven’t met before.”
“The shock needed to be real.”
Aaron makes a face but doesn’t comment further. It’s Castiel’s funeral if he wants to keep playing into Kelly and Daphne’s hands like silly putty. Aaron warned the guy. He did his job to uphold bros before hos - even if Castiel is barely a bro and Aaron co-ran Kelly's campaign for City Council and let her cry into his shoulder when she lost, and he went to church with Daphne for a couple weeks because she knew her abusive ex-boyfriend was going to be there.
Castiel interrupts in a growl.
Castiel positions himself at Dean’s entrance, and it takes everything he has not to bury himself to the hilt in one thrust. Instead, he watches Dean’s face for any sign of discomfort as he eases his cock inside in a restrained, amazing, agonizing push. “Fuck,” he murmurs as he bottoms out. Dean feels so wet, so tight, clenching around him - it’s going to take him a moment to get himself together. All he feels, all he smells, all he can
