“Sorry,” and he sounded almost sincere, eyes tightly closed, “Tony and Bucky are about all this Brooklyn boy can handle.”
Steve shrugged, feeling defensive. “He seemed tired.” And he
“We’ll need some ingredients,” Sam said. “Most of the stuff we’ve got, but we’re also going to need some shavings from the crown before Thor takes it back to ….”
“I do.” Natasha’s smile was sly. “As long as I get details.”
“The moment we met, we fought.” Steve dropped him down onto the mattress. Tony bounced a little. It was a long way to fall.
Tony’s eyes gleamed. “No.” Steve put up a hand. “I am not reading or watching those things.” Tony made sure Steve could see the pout. They grinned at each other.
“Okay.” Tony tucked his chin against his chest. He was going to have to figure out how to placate Steve without telling him too much. “Thanks, Buck.”
“Oh, Happy?” Tony waved at hand. “He’s been promoted to guarding Pepper’s body.” He grinned. “He’s much happier with that assignment.” He nudged at Steve’s back. “Get it? Happy-er?”
“You’re mixing up your references,” Natasha told him, the chill now gone from her eyes.
Tony was getting an idea of the guy.
A throat clearing had them turning to the door. Steve hovered there, seemingly uncomfortable. “I can come back?”
“I’m already busy,” Vision said, ever calm.
“You want some company?” Steve hadn’t moved from the doorway.
Tony took a longing look at his screen as Bucky and Steve towed him out of the lab. “I just want to….”
A visitor makes Wakanda seem further from home than ever. The UN General Assembly have some things to discuss with Tony. There are some things that Tony will not budge on.
Tony stared at him for a moment. “Seriously?” he asked. “You’re seriously asking me this now?”
Bucky flipped him off with his perfect prosthetic arm. “Birds of a feather, Rogers.”
There was only a hint of laughter, but it was clear that Steve had amused him.
Sam came in with a cup of coffee and a bowl of something that smelled a lot like his mom’s chicken soup. “Thought you might be hungry,” he said, handing the items to Steve.
“So, you think I’m like Ross, huh?” Tony asked as he sat back in his chair. “You think I’ll abuse my power and experiment on you. Try to get you to fall in with my own agenda?”
The silence was complete.
“Our?” The voice to Steve’s left had Tony swinging his gaze that way. “Tasha!” he beamed. “You’re here too? Worried about me?” He winked at her.
“But why?” Steve asked. “Why didn’t he say something?”
“For trusting me,” Tony said. He met Steve’s gaze. “I don’t have the best track record when it comes to love.”
“Actual hate.” He wondered why he was surrounded by assholes.
“What was that?” Tony made a staticy noise. “Crgghhhh…gghhhh…I…up…yours….crggghhh.” And ended the call.
“I don’t have any problems,” Steve averred.
Clint looked ready to argue but a sharp glance from Natasha had him heading over to Thor. “You hold the front legs and I’ll hold the back,” he suggested. Matilda was not impressed, yowling as they tried to wrestle her down to the table.
“I was out for that long?” His voice sounded rusty, as though he’d smoked ten cigars.
“Does he always talk this dramatically?” Bucky asked Tony, having moved closer to the table at last. Tony didn’t miss the way Steve looked at Bucky, watchful, thoughtful, wondering. There was something pure about the absolute love Tony could see in Steve’s eyes. It made him want to stab his own out with a spork.
“Modest to boot,” Bruce said with a dry smile. “Vision, you ready to go and prove his calculations are correct?”
Tony wasn’t panicking. He wasn’t.
And finally, there it was, that beautiful, glorious, over the top flash of red and gold in the sky, and suddenly Steve could breathe again. “It’s Tony, he’s okay.” One of the helicopters took a direct hit from Iron Man and Steve wanted to cheer. Tony managed to take out a second helicopter but then the entire house fell off the cliff, taking Tony with it and plunging into the sea.
capable of multi-tasking,” Tony said. He scooted away from Bucky’s boot. “Stop that, you’re only hurting yourself.”
“See!” Tony pointed at Thor. “
Bucky sniggered even harder, eyes glittering wickedly. “Yanking the crank. Polishing the banister. Pounding your flounder. Teasing the weasel.”
“Tony…” Steve reached out a hand to him. This was something they needed to share. Bucky was theirs and his tears were part of his healing.
Because right now he was having a telepathic conversation with a giant tree.
Pierce bit his lip, nodding slowly to himself. Tony was pretty impressed with how directly he looked at Fury as he asked, “Did you get my flowers?” Fury’s expression could have melted the center of the sun. “I'm glad you're here, Nick,” Pierce continued.
Steve shook his head. “I was afraid that I’d lose Tony too.” His confession was a muted thing, an acknowledgement of something that he hadn’t yet put a name to.
” Jörmungandr replied.
Tony scowled. “I swear, if this is how it’s going to be, I’m separating you two.”
Bruce took off his glasses, wiping idly at them as he spoke. “Whatever element I
Skurge held out a hand over the split of the abyss, and Tony watched in awe as snow trickled from his fingers. He gaped as the snowflakes seemed to pull together, forming stairs of ice winding down into the earth. “That is fucking amazing,” he breathed.
“Tony, I practically destroyed a city.” Bruce rubbed his eyes. “I killed....”
“Where are we to go?” Natasha asked. “We thought the compound…”
He putted into the little town that was in a spot that appeared perfect for a Banner-sized person. Not so much for a Hulk-sized Hulk, Tony thought as he looked  around.
Skurge put a large hand on his shoulder. “
Sam loaded their duffels into the trunk, making his way to the passenger door. “Well,” Steve began.
“Capsicle, if I’m going to have your dick my mouth or in my ass, I reckon a shared toothbrush isn’t a problem.” Tony’s grin was all teeth as Steve flushed.
“What is it?” Steve asked. His patience was thin.
talk. A lot.
“That didn’t go quite like I expected,” Sam said.
Vision stepped nearer, ran a hand over the new code. “I believe you are correct, Tony.” He looked back at Bruce. “I apologize for doubting you, Dr. Banner.”
Steve looked abruptly hopeful. It was honestly like the goddamn sun had risen. “So, that’s a yes?”
“Don’t tell Steve.” Barnes gritted the request out as though he wasn’t used to asking for anything.
Thor folded his arms across his chest, visibly defensive. “It doesn’t have anything to do with Loki,” he averred. “I merely used it as a comparison for my brother’s insatiable thirst for power.”
“Uh, okay, that’s good to know.” Bruce’s mild voice had Tony spinning around, a smile already widening his face.
Skurge put a steadying hand on Tony’s shoulder. “
Rhodey laughed. “He’s a handful.” His phone started ringing and he stepped away from the group to take the call.
Thor looked at him. “I have been with my family for the past age.” His face was somber. It didn’t look right. “It was too painful for me to remain here with you all.”
“Whatever crap they pumped into you is leaving your system,” Tony said. “Here’s hoping there’s no permanent damage.”
“You two were busy bumping uglies,” Clint said, skipping out of the way of Sam’s flapping hand.
“...And secondly,” Bruce carried on talking while glaring harder at Rhodey, “Time doesn't work that way. Changing the past doesn't change the future.
“Let’s go then. I’d like to get back to my friend as quickly as possible.” Rhodes stepped out of the elevator onto the roof, keeping a brisk pace.
“Well, you’re still a cocky shit, only slightly bigger,” Tony said. “Move your ass, Cap, time’s a-wasting.”
Tony whistled. “Now that’s some pent-up anger you’ve got there, buddy.” He patted the chair next to his. “Take a load off.”
Richards tried to hide his smile.
“You’re Lucifer,” Tony decided. “There’s no other explanation.”
“Crystal,” Coulson said.
“The drink of the gods?” Bruce asked eventually.
“Nice try, asswipe,” Tony growled at Lucifer. “I hope you like your prison, ‘cause you won’t be seeing anything else for a good long while.”
“And I couldn’t have watched it out there?” Tony grimaced. “I think I….”
“Trust me. We are
Bucky scooted closer. “I'd like to kiss you again. Properly this time, if that’s okay with you.”
“Is this because of what I did?” Bruce asked, voice hoarse.
.” Tony felt the panic rising again. “I saw you die. In my arms. On the steps of the courthouse.”
“We won’t,” Xavier said, steel suddenly in every word. He stared at Ross. “Who else is part of this?”
“What?” Steve asked. “Why didn’t you say something before?”
passed.”
Tony made an elaborate show of sniffing her. “You smell perfect, Pep, don’t be so hard on yourself.” This time it was Steve who dug into Tony’s ribs. He jumped away with an aggrieved noise. “Ganging up on me is not cool.”
“Definitely Banner,” Clint said, exchanging a look with Steve. “He's the shit when it comes to gamma radiation.”  They both carefully didn’t look at Natasha.
Anyone but him.
Thor nodded. “I am sure he will be able to provide invaluable aid.”
Steve only realized that Bucky was missing when they’d been in the air for a few minutes. He stood up so quickly his head buzzed a little. “Buck?” he called, despite the fact that there wasn’t exactly a place for anyone to hide on the stripped down plane.
“Which means that they’re not needed here right now, plus they’re bored stupid, and the President needs them.” Steve was using his ‘let’s reason with i.e. placate Tony’ voice. It never failed to piss him off.
Rhodes took a sip of his coffee, watching Steve. “And what is Tony then to you?” he asked. “What is the team?”
“The Serpent Crown wasn’t supposed to turn up,” Fury began with an annoyed grimace. “Dr. Foster removed it before we could move in.”
“You have a lot of money,” Bruce reminded him. “You need to find a way to stop S.H.I.E.L.D. using the Other Guy.” Bruce shook his head. “I come back as Bruce Banner. No more Hulk. I can’t do it again.”
Steve met Tony’s gaze. “What do you think?” he asked.
Steve and the others crowded to the one side of the jet to watch the two morons battling outside.
deserved better from the people that you loved, Tony. They let
“Everyone understood your grief, Tony.” Thor dropped a big hand on his shoulder. “We all grieve in our own way.”
Bruce pushed the button for the elevator. “It’s an expression,” he said. “I can explain it…”
Tony looked up, eyes a little unfocused. “What?”
Tony closed his eyes. “Well, that’s poetic, I guess.” He blacked out before they’d even left the mansion.
“It must be a trap,” Steve said.
“Who calls their kid Bucky?” Dean asked. “It’s like calling him Bear.”
Tony winced. Oh.
“Reports of my death were a little exaggerated,” Coulson said dry as dust.
The blunt words had Steve stagger to a chair.
Tony froze. “The what are what?” He’d not been clued into the fact that they were on Jotunheim.
“No,” Tony insisted, “You accidentally survived. It's a billion to one cosmic fluke.”
Tony beamed at him, fingers scrabbling at Steve’s shirt. “I have trained you well, my son,” he crooned.
Thor looked wounded. “You did not enjoy Asgardian mead?” he asked, visibly offended.
“The desire to protect you all was the reason Mr. Stark created Ultron,” Vision said, frowning a little. “Why else would he risk so much?”
“What are you all talking about?” Sam strolled over with Wanda and Vision. “And why does Steve look constipated?”
Dean raised his eyebrows. “That sounds a lot like you know who we are.”
“He wouldn’t bring us back to the tower, would he?” Clint asked. “That would be seriously not normal.”
Barnes shook his head slowly. “Not entirely,” he admitted. “It’s like pieces of him are still stuck to me like a snake skin and I’m peeling them off bit by bit.”
~o0o~
“Yeah, see, this isn’t quite what I was expecting,” Clint said, his back to Natasha’s. “It’s way creepier.”
“Because we’ve been international fugitives for the past year, dumbass,” Sam told him with a nudge.
“You are speaking of me?” Thor’s voice boomed down the line starting an echoing feedback that made them all cringe.
Huh, Steve thought, that was a new one. Not new as in Natasha and Bruce, but new as in...how to stop a Hulk.
He heard a shout and spun around, almost wobbling off the narrow stone. Steve and Bucky were fighting with what looked like creatures made of fire.
“He’s okay for an alien,” Tony admitted. “But I thought you and Asgard were enemies?”
are,” he reminded him.
“Who else other than King T’Challa knows we’re on our way?” Sam asked.
thanks for all the encouragement. y'all are great.
Tony huffed out a frustrated breath. “Right now, Capistrano, we know nothing. We have some educated guesses that, because the guess-ees are Bruce Banner and Tony Stark, are almost certainties, but we’ll have no confirmation until we can get back to the Tower and run some algorithms.”
Tony practically choked on his spit. “Lord, Phil, warn me when you’re going to get filthy, will ya?”
“Who?” Steve wasn't going to rise to the bait. He was better than this.
“It worked,” Tony said, pulling away from Steve and letting Bucky tug him to his feet. “I need to experiment to see if it works with other folks too.”
“You must  be tired,” Bucky nudged him with his shoulder. “You’ve been a busy guy.”
Tony cackled. “Whatever makes you sleep at night, baby.” Bruce just rolled his eyes. He sobered up. “What made you think that I wouldn’t understand about Barnes?” He sounded curious now. “When, in all of our years of working together, did I make you believe that I was an unreasonable man?”
Pepper put a hand over her mouth. “I think I’m going to vomit,” she said. “It’s too early for this number of gag-inducing displays.”
Tony met his gaze. “You'll get there one day.” If anyone deserved a happy ending then Steve Rogers should be in the front of the line.
“Oh, Tony.” Pepper moved to the bed and pulled him into her arms. He buried his face in her neck, focusing on the soft scent of Shalimar as his breath hitched. “Nobody blames you for Steve’s death, Tony. Nobody but you.”
“It's gonna be okay, Buck,” he lied. It would be okay for him, but not for those he left behind.
“Well, that’s new.” Bruce looked back over his shoulder at Tony and Bucky. Steve didn’t look at him. He wasn’t prepared to deal with pity.
I have no idea how my brain works. This is just a monster that will not end. I think my brain is in love with these guys & wants to keep them around.
“I need you to do some research.” Steve didn’t budge.
Tony felt his body tense. It was only the solid weight of Vision’s hand on his shoulder that stopped him from snapping. “I’m well aware of what happened, Councilman. I was the chief cause of what happened in Sokovia. I was also the first of the Avengers to sign the Accords.”
And there was the thing that Steve had been trying not to think about. The last time he’d seen Bucky Steve had been falling out of the bottom of a destroyed Helicarrier, looking up at Bucky shouting that he didn’t know him.
“Just let me wallow in my misery for a while longer, please,” Tony begged. “I’m going to pretend that the rest of the world has been over-taken by zombies and we’re the last remaining humans.”
“Thanks,” he slurred into his pillow, brain beginning to shut down. “I just wish I could see Steve one more time and make it all right, tell him how I feel.”
Agent Coulson cleared his throat, and Tony realized that Steve had abandoned his protective stance and was standing beside him again. “Mr. Stark,” Agent Coulson began, “We are not the DOD, FBI, CIA or any other agency. We’re a separate division with a more...specific focus. We need to debrief you…”
“And?” Tony wasn’t even trying not to be obnoxious now.
Lee led them to the entrance of the White House. “To be honest, I’m not entirely sure what happened, sir.” He seemed bewildered. “This guy just appeared in the Joint Chiefs meeting and blasted the President’s security detail. The next thing we knew, we were locked out of the Situation Room with the President, the Vice President and several of the Joint Chiefs inside.”
The voice in his head made him startle.
“A shot to the chest with a magic staff pretty much works every time,” Coulson said, desert-dry.
“So not telling me he’d been found, was about keeping Bucky
He wrapped a towel around his hips and looked back at Steve and Bucky. They were exchanging slow, lazy kisses, arms wrapped around each other and oblivious to everything else around them.
Tony sat down on the suitcase, folded his legs. “I need you, Bruce.” He wasn't lying. “I need my friend back.”
The smattering of laughter had Tony relaxing. “Just call me Daddy Warbucks,” he retorted. Rhodey’s eyes rolled so hard they practically fell out of his head.
Later, back at the new Avengers facility, he and Steve watched Thor leave in that incandescent column of light.
Rhodey grinned and made a ‘drink up’ motion. “You. All the time.”
“Of course it is.” Wanda stood too. “They need you as much as you need them.”
While he showered, he thought about the ideas that Bruce had planted in his brain. Sex always made his mind work better. It’s why he’d been so prolific when he’d been with Pepp… Nope. He was done with that part of his life.
Tony lifted his head and met Bucky’s gaze. He took a deep breath. “Let him in, thanks.” The doors swished open and closed again. “No-one else, okay?”
“Or maybe the
“I won’t,” Tony promised. And he wouldn’t. Or he’d die trying.
Wanda nodded. “Once he was told of the events he’d set in motion, he was quick to offer his aid.”
“Can you please focus?” Steve begged, using his shield to hack at the tentacle that had wrapped itself around his wrist.
“The stone, brother.” Thor’s voice reverberated in Tony’s head. “Hold. You must keep it out of our reach or the power of its destruction will kill us all.”
They were just about to begin another round when Steve spotted Natasha. She lifted a hand. “Cap.”
open your eyes,” he murmured to Steve and Bucky.
“Not trying to say that he isn’t.” Tony managed to finally flick the creature off. A wail faded into the darkness. Well, that wasn’t good.
“He likes that,” Steve told Tony.
Steve leaned forward until all Tony could see were those cobalt eyes. “Don’t die yet,” he murmured. “I have plans for you.”
“Thanks,” Jim said, shoulders a little higher. “It means a lot that you understand what I’m dealing with.”
“Stop that,” Bruce told him, not even looking at him. Tony searched his head for eyes. There must be one in the back of Bruce’s head. “The formula we’ve run suggests a cyclic multiverse, not a brane one as I first thought.”
“Trouble?” Steve asked.
“Bring Matilda to the infirmary,” Bruce told Natasha. “We'll need to test her for toxicity to humans.”
“About five minutes after he found me.” Bucky’s reply was prompt and succinct.
“Yes, sir,” she repeated. “May I suggest that you take something to slow your heart-rate?” She paused. “And I should warn you that the elevator is on the way down.”
“Did you just say willy-nilly?” Clint asked. He yelped. Natasha hadn’t allowed him to get away with his snark this time. He rubbed at his ear and shifted his chair further away from her.
and the hair on my arms stood up and I knew that it must be something happening here and….” Peter took a breath. “Viz?” The kid stared at Vision’s body, eyes wide with shock. “What’s going on?”
Steve didn’t understand her anger. “He left because he didn’t want to hurt anymore people.”
time. We need to be able to work together if we want to win this thing. So, I’ll go first.”
Tony boggled. “Are you fucking kidding me? The company would collapse in a second!” He shuddered. “The board would lynch me.”
Steve frowned. He'd missed that, he thought. Tony was often so manic, flitting from idea to idea, that Steve had missed that he wasn't currently firing on all cylinders.
“I have one final bit of evidence,” Tony said, raising his voice after a while. “A sort of from the horse’s mouth kinda thing. You might want to hold on to your hats, ladies and gents.” He smiled up towards the back of the room. “It’s time for that grand entrance, Jolly Green.”
Thor and Natasha took a couple of hours to come back. Clint refused to say anything until they got there. Steve was at the point that he was just going to wrestle Clint for the notebook and pride be damned.
Rhodey was hesitant about hitting a girl. It had been funny for the first minute. Then Natasha had kicked his ass and suddenly Rhodey took it seriously.
“No, you weren’t.” Bruce shook his head. “You ran away from Steve and Bucky, you’re suddenly all about acknowledging the ridiculously huge torch you’ve been carrying for Steve for the past few years, and you’re sober.” He ticked off the points on his fingers. “You’re not the Tony Stark I saw three weeks ago at the White House.”
“Bucky is all I have left of my past. Peggy had died. You were pushing us to sign the Accords without giving us the chance to contribute.” Steve didn’t move as Tony’s muscles tensed even more. “But I was wrong. You’ve never let me down, Tony. Even that first day when we started out sniping at each other, you put your life at risk without taking a breath. I forgot that in my panic to keep Bucky safe. If I’d spoken to you, told you the truth, I know you’d have protected him.”
Tony cleared his throat, suddenly serious. “I’m guessing that most of you don’t know about B.A.R.F.?”
Thank you for the comments & kudos. They give me life.
“It’s been
“Because they can?” Rhodey suggested. He shifted on his seat, the braces making a hissing noise. “I mean, this
“Nope, just Tony,” he quipped, stepping back.
Tony must have had the identical expression of shock on his face that Bruce had. “Oh my god, you made an actual joke!”
“Fuck
~o0o~
they were triggered and actioned.”
“Where are you planning on taking me, Cap?” Tony asked, dark eyes brimming with interest.
Clint didn’t take his eyes off the sky but added, “I reckon he makes them dress up like Iron Man.”
Steve frowned. Lines that hadn’t ever marred that perfect face were now etched deep into his brow. Absolute sorrow could do that to a superhuman apparently. “What for?”
Bruce sighed. “You are very tiring.”
“I’ll do whatever I have to,” Steve assured him. “Let’s just make sure there’s an ‘after’ to deal with.”
The familiar whoosh of the gate caused Pepper to look up. Clint was the first one through, bow extended in front of him as though he was expecting an enemy. To be fair, that was Clint’s default opinion of the world in general so Pepper tried not to be offended.
(See the end of the chapter for
of them.”
Wanda smiled. “It is what makes us do what we do.”
“You know you always have a place here, right?” Tony forced Clint to lift his face, meet his eyes. “Always.”
“Using string theory has been unsuccessful thus far,” Vision added. “We started with M-theory about half an hour before dinner and appear to be getting a little further.”
going to let that day on the Helicarrier go?” He put both hands on Tony’s shoulders and the heat of him burned through.
Steve shook his head. “I don’t know.” Nothing made sense. Why would Bruce risk his life and safety coming back to New York?
“Tony sees the big picture,” Bruce explained. “I can do the math, see the solutions, create the equations. Tony finds the way.”
Jörmungandr was a bastard as well.  “Well, now you know,” he replied. Lame, he knew, but lame was preferable to dead.
“Hey!” Rhodey protested.
He could barely breathe.
Steve looked back at Loki who still stood against the wall with his eyes wide. “You should maybe talk to him.” He motioned to Thor.
“You don’t have to come,” Steve said.
“That you’ll do whatever it takes,” Rhodes said.
The flinch was even more noticeable now. “You speak so easily of death.”
“Make every activity sound sexual,” Bucky said. Steve had the horrible idea that he knew exactly what was coming next. Bucky had never developed a filter. “Didn’t you get enough while you were banging your brother earlier?”
“If you fuck me I’m sure I’ll fall asleep in a second,” Tony said, mouth sly.
“We’re totally doing this thing,” Tony assured her, following Sam towards the fissure in the rock that billowed sulphurous smoke.
“And you’re lying through your pearly whites,” Tony said. “But because I’m not the trusting sort like Cap and your brother, I’m going to ask you to make me a promise.”
He sat down on the edge of the bed. “Thank you,” he whispered, rubbing a hand over his eyes.
“That's not how it works.” Tony rubbed the seemingly permanent furrow on his brow.
Steve wanted to vomit. He was shaking without realizing it, until Natasha crouched down in front of him. “This isn’t the time to crack, Rogers. Pull it together.” Her voice was hard, her eyes harder.
“You just call me when you’re done,” Happy assured him. “If I’m not out front when you come out, then wait, okay?”
Almost.
“Pfft,” Tony sniffed. “You know I was the only name on that list.”
Pepper started laughing. She laughed so hard that she had to sit down. And carried on laughing. Tony was vaguely aggrieved. This wasn't a laughing matter. His life was officially out of control.
“What?” Steve asked, turning to look at him.
“Yeah, that doesn’t seem like
Bucky held up a hand. “Please, don’t finish that. It did something to my head. Fucked me over. It’s why I was unconscious when you saw me.”
~o0o~
The owner of the spectacular ass turned around. “Hey Pepper.” He smiled at her and the sun rose. “Ready for the practical?”
Tony felt something break a little as he looked into Bucky's eyes. The cocky attitude was there, but behind it, not quite masked, was fear.
Bucky was at his heels. “Where is that bastard?” he growled, glaring around the room.
“We’ll cope,” Bucky said. “Not much I haven’t seen since they brought me back.”
Steve had never felt more like punching someone until they bled. “I'm sorry, my friend.” He couldn't offer more than that.
The thought of being sent back to that time … the time where he and Steve were at each other’s throats, where Steve was dead…he felt sick.
“One of what?” Tony asked.
“Like?” Tony held out his fist for Clint to bump. Robin Hood totally had his back.
“But…” Bucky’s mouth set.
“Smooth?” Bucky snorted. “Sure. Whatever you need to tell yourself to sleep at night.”
“Bucky,” Steve whispered brokenly. It was almost
And the world went black.
Clint nodded, eyes still closed. “Thank you,” he said, voice hoarse and thick with tears.
“Something about nanites and Bucky’s head.” Bruce looked at Bucky. “Are you going to be okay with me looking at you, by the way?”
“I am, as always, your staunchest protector, sir.” JARVIS did dry like nobody else. Tony was so proud.
He decided that a distraction would be a better option. “Something woke me,” he told Bucky.
Tony snort-laughed. “A, she’s not my lady anymore and B, she would eviscerate you if she heard you.”
“We have a bit of a situation,” she said. He waited. “With Tony.”
“I am
Steve followed the scream, stumbling into the road where Thor stood, Bucky at his heels. Steve was bleeding profusely from his left side. “Thor... did he do it?” he asked.
“But why?” Wanda asked. “You killed my Pietro. Why would I choose you to replace him?” She tilted her head to the side, staring at Clint. “Not one of you is worthy.”
“You gonna tell Steve the truth?” Rhodey asked.
“That is very good news,” T’Challa said. “Tony Stark is an exceptional man.”
Tony moved back to his spot on the other side of Bucky with a groan. “God, my knees are killing me.”
“You’re going to be walking like a rodeo cowboy tomorrow,” Pepper said with a nasty smile. “I don’t do ass rubs.”
“On what planet do you think I would ever say stop?” Tony gasped as he felt the hard length of Steve’s cock pressing between his legs.
Tony was so busy watching the Bucky Barnes show that he’d forgotten Steve. Although how that was possible with those ridiculous muscles holding him close Tony wasn’t sure.
“But I might need them for something!” Tony protested. And he might, dammit. But now the point was moot because they were gone.
“But what does that help Tony?” Steve asked. He was very sorry about Thor and his long-lost not-cat brother-sister but his main concern was Tony.
Steve folded like a bad hand of cards, with the full force of the Stark pout directed at him. He sent a helpless glance over to Natasha who just rolled her eyes. “You’re pathetic,” she told him.
“I think that’s a very good idea,” Rhodey said, startling Steve. He’d been so focused on what was happening in front of him that he’d forgotten that the entire team was in the room. “I’m sure the President would be only too happy to get us out of his house.”
Steve didn’t laugh. He tracked him with worried eyes as he walked into the bathroom.
He got to his feet again, feeling a little dizzy. “You’ll keep me posted, Doc?” he asked Bruce.
“That’s why you’re my favorite,” Tony told him with a grin. Bucky winked at him.
Tony groaned. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. has caused enough drama for the day, thanks very much.” He looked around at them all. “I’m
Everyone stared at him. Including Thor. “You have wielded my hammer?” Thor asked. Tony really wished that his brain was wired differently sometimes. He barely stopped his snicker by pretending to have a coughing fit.
“I know.” Steve stepped in front of Tony. “We’ll handle it.” He lifted his chin. “We usually do.”
“I told Jörmungandr that you’d come by and make peace with him.” Tony felt a petty sense of pleasure when Loki flinched. “Oh, and I think this has to go back to the Collector.” He passed the Infinity Stone to Thor. He didn’t miss the longing glance Loki gave it.
It was grey. Tony turned in a circle, watched as the hole leading back home slid closed, Coulson and Bruce’s worried faces the last thing he saw.
“Captain America!” Coulson’s goofy smile usually made Tony want to tease him, but right now, his heart was beating too fast to come up with the words. This felt important, consequential.
“Cap and I fell out hard. We're not on speaking terms.” Tony still kept his gaze on Bruce. He could literally feel Steve’s eyes burning through his brain.
“Okay,” Tony nodded. “No leaving Bucky, got it.”
” His voice  rumbled through Tony’s body, actually rattling his bones. He looked male, Tony thought. There was definitely a something hiding behind the loincloth he wore.
Strange got to his feet, remarkably calm despite being faced with a furious god. Thor stared at him, Mjolnir suddenly motionless. “I know you, god of thunder and lightning.” He held out a hand, fingers long and slender, innocuous looking and completely lethal. “The Aether, if you please.”
“What is it?” Tony hated not knowing things.
“They’re over there,” Bruce waved towards the back of the lab. “Tony has a new friend.” He looked amused, not worried, so the tension that had taken root in Steve’s shoulders eased off.
“Your hero worship is showing.” Pepper grinned at him.
~o0o~
act. If he wasn’t already semi in love with Captain America, Pepper would be on his list of forever loves. She was already on the forever friends list, which, admittedly, was pretty sparse.
good night,” he amended.
“Do you have any idea how long I’ve been singing your praises to Steve and you go and demolish all my work in a second?” Pepper glared at him, hands on her hips and foot tapping.
“You’re calling me nuts? I’m rebooting you tomorrow,” Tony threatened, throwing the screwdriver down with a growl. “What is on my schedule tonight?”
“Yeah,” Tony nipped at Steve’s ear. “Come on, Cap, I want to mess you up a little.” He pushed at Steve’s shoulder until he finally understood what Tony wanted.
get his life back if I have to kill the Winter Soldier to do it.”
“New York,” Tony said. “Pepper needs a breather from me.”
“Come with me if you want to live,” Tony said, holding out a hand.
It looked like there were several snakes entwined around each other. Each snake’s head had different colored eyes. It gave Tony the heebie-jeebies, alternating with ‘ooh, shiny!’
“Play nice,” Bucky told him.
“I can’t feel my legs,” Tony slurred into Steve’s skin. Bucky’s arms were a vice around him, holding him against his chest as though he was terrified he’d vanish while Bucky slept.
“How about this?” Tony held up a hand. “We all know that I’m the king of game, so here’s a challenge.” Both Steve and Bucky looked at him. “Hey, doubting Thomases, just hear me out.”
Tony was confused.
“Buck,” he admonished.
Fury just gave Tony the snake-eyes. “Yeah, yeah, you’re watching me,” Tony grumbled.
Tony took a breath. “I wasn’t expecting this.” And he hadn’t been. All he’d come back for was a chance to save Steve. A chance to tell him how he felt. A chance to make better choices.
“Huh?” Tony looked up at him, for a moment only seeing numbers scrolling across his eyes,
sensible out of someone before he lost what was left of his mind.
“But you did.” Steve frowned. “You
, James Buchanan Barnes. Not the Winter Soldier. Not the boy who loved Steve Rogers way back when. I love the man you’ve become despite everything.” Tony shook his head as he kept his eyes on Bucky. “I want to write a tribute to your courage. You’ve been destroyed in the most basic way and yet you’re here, with me, putting yourself on the line.” He kissed Bucky again, this time with a little more intent. “How could I
Bruce turned to look at him from his crouch at Bucky’s side. “What I just did here was brain surgery, Steve. There was no incision and no blood, but there
She shook her head. “I felt him die, but I never got to tell him goodbye.”
“Those other things can wait,” Natasha said. “This can’t.” She pressed play again.
“No, wait.” Bucky put a hand on his arm. “I need to tell you this, get it out of the way.”
“The guy who was, faked his death and pretty much disappeared,” Sam pointed out.
“So, we sign and we’re on the team, under your supervision,” Sam waited for Tony’s nod before he continued. “And if we don’t sign then…?”
“Please…” Steve wasn’t quite sure what or who he was talking to. “Don’t.”
That final confrontation. That angry exchange of words.
“I know.” Tony stuck his hands in his pockets. “I’m just not up to dealing with Captain Perfect’s Disappointed Face right now.” He kept his gaze away from Steve's face. Steve's face had a terrible habit of making him do incredibly stupid things.
“So you’re saying that we can harness the power of the Mind Stone like that of the Space Stone?” Tony’s mind was darting in about several hundred directions.
” Jörmungandr ordered the sucker-y things. The grumble as they complied, echoed through the room.
Steve allowed a small smile. “I’ll take that as a compliment sir.” He waited but Fury didn’t say anything more. “A heads up as to the situation, sir?”
She looked at him a little curiously. “You okay?” she asked.
The doors closed behind them and Bruce just stared. “You are seriously the most ridiculous human being on the planet. You know that right?”
Love really did conquer all.
“We take her with us to Tony,” Steve said. “I mean….” He looked around at them. “Are we going to Tony or do we go to the Avengers compound?”
“That sounds about right,” Steve nodded, bringing Tony back to the present. Apart from the two research nerds, everyone else was lying around in various stages of food coma. Tony couldn’t believe that Dean was
“Maybe not,” Thor’s shrug was audible. Tony moved into position and opened the arc reactor.
Tony wasn’t about to let that stand. “You. And Steve.”
“Okay.” Dean cleared his throat. “Just so we’re clear?” In the manner of dangerous men, they nodded at each other. Tony wanted to ask if they would like to check their dick size.
“Everyone agreed that you needed the rest, boss.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. sounded more subdued than her normally chipper self.
“That appears to be the case, sir,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. agreed. He missed J.A.R.V.I.S. so much at moments like this. J.A.R.V.I.S. would totally have played along.
he admitted.
“It is a statistical fact that people who are certifiably insane often believe their own lies,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. offered, entirely unhelpfully.
Thor rumbled a laugh. “I need to keep you more satisfied, brother, if you feel the need to flirt with others.”
Natasha crooked her mouth, raising an eyebrow as she asked, “Are you?”
Bruce tipped his teacup in their direction. “Sharing scoop with your newest BFF is what one has to do.” He left before Tony could snark a reply.
“I am here to open a portal to the place where Jörmungandr is hiding,” Strange said. The amulet pulsed with a peculiar light.
“I have access to the S.H.I.E.L.D. files on all of you,” Vision said. “Doctor Strange is truly an ally.”
The Lie.
“Have you ever seen one?” Rhodes asked, looking back at her with one eyebrow raised.
“I just.” He put a hand over his eyes for a moment, hiding the lie in them. “I just had a bad moment.” He didn’t look at anyone else when he moved his fingers away, just kept his gaze on Bucky’s.
Tony leaned forward, happy to be talking about
Wanda shook her head. “While the crown has power, Set has too many followers now.” She frowned. “I feel it calling to me.”
It only took a few seconds, but it felt like ages when Wanda eventually stepped back into Vision’s arms, drooping a little as he caught her.
“I was afraid,” Steve muttered.
“Hair of the dog,” Natasha said, hauling him after her up the stairs.
“If you have to choose, not between your brother and your child, but between your ambition and the world, promise me that you’ll choose the world that Thor loves beyond his own.” Tony watched Loki’s gaze flick towards Thor.
“Sure.” Bruce tugged off Tony’s shoes. “You’re a regular on the Christmas wish list at Macy’s.”
“He’s got them.” Natasha’s mouth curled into a smile. A real, beautiful, wide smile that lit up her face with job. “That insane, amazing, genius.”
“I meant I don’t want anything to happen to
“Now we let the boys and girls argue in there for a while until they say yea or nay.” He reached out to Bruce. “You were incredible, Jolly Green.”
The silence from the other end told Tony that Steve hadn’t missed that. “Yeah, well…” Steve took a breath. “I wanted to find out how you’re doing?”
“Is a big boy,” Pepper said. “And more than capable of handling his own love-life.”
“I have notified Widow and Hawkeye. Colonel Rhodes is also en route, but there is nobody currently with him.” He didn’t hear anything more as they headed out of the window and up. Tony was going to be okay, Steve thought. He
“I saw you all dead.” Tony kept his face impassive. “Every one of you was dead. Except for him. He was dying.” He pointed at Steve. “He told me that I should have done more.”
Steve realizes Tony was serious. Bucky has a breakthrough. Home sweet home. ScienceBros get to work.
~~~~~~
“It’s the place the monsters go when they…when we…” Sam shrugged. “It’s their afterlife.”
job for all our lives,” Dean said. “Saving people, hunting things.” He’d said that a good few times before, Tony reckoned.
To those who've been kind enough to donate to my gofundme campaign, thanks to you all I'm about 10% there. If any feel generous enough to help it would be much appreciated.
That smile widened. “Only a bit? I’m losing my touch.” Steve tugged Tony closer so that their bodies met. “Now, where were we?” Then he kissed him.
“Just remind me that the SRA meant the end of the Avengers.” Tony didn’t want to tell Bruce, couldn’t tell him, that Steve had died as a direct result of his support of the Act.
The smoke that reached out to wrap around them was like being instantly blind. Tony felt a second of bone-chilling anxiety but then a soft pulse of light surrounded him. “Do not fear,” Strange told him. “The Eye will keep you safe.”
“Angry,” Tony said. “Coping.”
“They all got drunk? Even Steve?” Tony asked with a cackle.
“Gross,” Bucky snorted a laugh as he leaned forward and caught Tony’s mouth with his own.
“Maybe,” Tony agreed, “I am however right, and will be thinking long and hard about my winnings.” His eyes twinkled as he waggled his eyebrows at Steve. “Just thinking about what to ask for.”
“Mr. Stark.”  The woman with the British accent nodded her head.
“I'd like to see you try, Birdboy!” Rhodey cackled.
I hope you enjoy!
“C’mon, Uncle Tony!” Lila was jumping in delight. “Don’t let the machine win!”
Alive.
Tony threw up his hands. “What is it with you World War Two soldiers?” He stomped to his workbench, desperate for something to do, something to distract him. “You both make my name sound like an entire sentence.”
“That is not my place to say.” Vision closed his eyes and leaned back, clearly done with the subject.
Bruce sighed. “Neither do I,” he confessed. “I’m betting you already have a plan, don’t you?”
“Not until you answer a few questions for us,” Xavier said. “Reed, please help Secretary Ross to a seat.”
“Councilwoman Hawley.” Tony held out a hand. She shook it. “The rumors of your death were clearly greatly exaggerated.”
“Perhaps.” Strange gave Steve a considering look. Then he turned his gaze to Tony. “Perhaps he would prefer to see the journey instead of just experience the arrival.”
“If you could call it that,” Tony said, finally pushing away from Steve. He allowed Steve to help him to his feet, bruised, battered, bleeding like the rest of them. “Where did Thanos go? Where is he now?”
“I can do that,” he said.
“Chill, man,” Dean said. “Sammy’s just getting to the good stuff.” Tony
“I believe you.” Bucky sounded amazed. “I hardly know you, but I believe you.” He laced his fingers through Tony's. “Now maybe you and Steve can sort your shit out so that I can get on with learning how to be a person again?”
“Oh and in case we didn’t say it, we’re going to have to kill him to gain access to Purgatory.” Dean’s announcement dropped like a stone into the sudden silence.
“Actually,” Loki started towards Tony in an almost cat-like slide, “I think perhaps with the essence of the Soul Stone in your blood you may find that your body heals faster and are perhaps stronger than you were before.”
“Um, not that I’m the sort to point out the obvious…” He ignored Strange’s snort. “But it looks like we’re getting somewhere.”
Strange glared at him. “Our oath to protect the Time Stone cannot change. This Stone may be the best chance we have against Thanos.”
Shame swept through Steve and he looked down at the drive in his hands. “Yes,” he whispered. “Yes, he is.”
“I’m not.” Steve felt the shaking of Tony’s arm beneath his hand and squeezed. “Haven’t you heard what a monumental fuck up I am?”
~o0o~
“It’s on principle,” Bruce told him.
“Tony.” He held out his hand. “Call me Tony, and get your ass in here.”
“We will return as soon as we can,” Thor said. “I have a feeling that it is not only your affinity with our fair city that will be needed. Loki and I are two parts of a whole. I think that perhaps blood will need to be spilled.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said, sounding exactly that. “I’ve not been a very good friend.”
Steve and Bucky talk. Steve and Tony talk. Tony yells at Steve. Bucky yells at Steve. Still no sex.
“Hm,” Tony tapped his lip. “You could be right.” He brightened. “How about I choose the person you both try to chat up and let them decide?”
Bucky’s gaze sharpened. “Shit.” Bucky took off after Tony, abandoning Steve about a minute after he’d found him again.
Tony tried not to roll his eyes. Making a god angry wasn’t on his to-do list today.
Crowley shrugged, holding his hands out. “What do you want me to say? I’m a demon. We lie.”
“Indeed,” Crowley said. “It’s the one part of Hell that I cannot enter.”
devoid of humor surely? “Okay then.” A second later they were levitating off the cliff, dropping slowly down towards the gash in the ground. “That is remarkably cool.” He squinted, trying to see what apparatus allowed Strange to fly. He gave up. “Okay. How are you doing it?” he demanded.
“What’s the prize?” Bucky countered.
Bucky’s eyes narrowed, as though tracking just how far out of reach Tony was. It made Steve’s face heat up even though he wasn’t sure why. Yet another thing to think about later.
He didn’t wait for anyone to respond, just headed to the open elevator and viciously punched the button for the lab floor. He looked up to see Steve’s shocked face as he started to follow Tony to the elevator. “F.R.I.D.A.Y.!” Tony snapped. “Now!”
Natasha stood in front of Bucky with her hand behind her back. Their eyes locked. “One, two, three.” She held out her hand, two fingers extended. Bucky held out a fist.
What's the story morning glory....Goodbye to new friends
Tony grinned at the sound. “That’s not why I’m happy.”
Tony eyed him. Bruce already looked better, less my-life-is-an-endless-tragedy and more my-awesome-bro-came-to-take-me-home.
“Helping Bucky?” Steve was still so pissed at Tony for not telling him about Bucky, but if he was helping him…
“You’re a dick,” Tony told him.
Barnes’ smile went a little wider. “Good luck with that.”
“You recognize the name?” Pepper asked after she'd seen most of her window vanish as Thor's hammer had crashed through it. As per usual, the hammer returned in much the same way, decimating the rest of the large window pane.
Also just FYI Marvel Wiki is the shit. I freaking love that site.
Tony wanted to hit his head against something hard. “It’s an expression,” he explained for what felt like the millionth time. How was Vision so fucking smart and yet so fucking stupid when it came to applying that brain? “Seriously, Buck, Steve’s pissed off at me because he wasn’t called to Ross’ office as the big bad leader of the Avengers?”
“Squeeze,” Bruce instructed, nodding in satisfaction. “It’s sort of a modification of what they use in gamma-knife surgery.” They both stared at him blankly. Bruce sighed. “It doesn’t matter,” he said. “Just trust me that this is the best way to get rid of the crap that Hydra put in your brain.”
Tony twitched. “I don’t have great memories of you showing me things,” he said. Her eyes glowed and he shut up.
laugh then. Fury’s one eye about popped out of his head.
Bucky stared at him. “They say you’re a monster. I don't see it.” He went nonetheless.
“You need a ride?” Hill leaned casually against the kitchen door, coffee cup in her hand.
The command chair lit up like the Fourth of July, lights flashing on and off in rapidly increasing Morse code that Steve tried to follow.
“Yes.” Natasha sighed. “But life isn’t about looking back and we have new puppies to train.” She looked over to where the new trainees were talking together. “They’re not a team.”
Vision shook his head. “I am being perfectly serious,” he assured Tony.
“Nope.” Tony didn’t want Bruce to get worked up. Things tended to get broken. “She said that when
“This Iron Man, you say he wears a suit of armor?” Natasha asked.
Bruce held out his hand. “I’m glad I was wrong,” he said when Tony shook it.
That had him looking at her. “While you might perhaps be sincere, Agent Romanoff, I am not in the least inclined to echo the sentiment.”
Thor settled back with a smile. “You are most wise, Captain. Lady Wanda will easily be able to detect if my brother means mischief or not.”
Thanks again for all the love. So glad you're on the ride with me.
Hulk dropped him.
When it seemed as though she wanted to launch herself at him, Coulson put a hand on her arm. “As the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D I was unable to give that information out. And Tony is now the Director of Superhuman Affairs, so he has a certain amount of responsibility to keep his mouth shut too.”
Natasha threw small knife at him. It slammed into the headrest of the pilot's chair, perilously close to Clint's ear. Clint yelped. “We are all on comms, you idiots. Stop bellowing.”
Tony snapped his jaw shut. “What the hell was that?” he squeaked. Growled. A manly growl of squeakiness. He was clearly going mad. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. I think I should get a CT scan. I must have hit my head because I think the Winter Soldier just gave Captain America his approval to kiss Iron Man.”
“Perhaps you aren’t all that funny?” Vision suggested.
“The order stands F.R.I.D.A.Y.” Tony banked left and headed towards Fiji. “Radio silence.”
“It’s at least a couple of thousand years old,” Bruce said, fixing Tony with a glare.
Steve looked frustrated. “I meant that you deserve Bucky. I think you make a great couple.”
Sam flinched, looking away again. “I’m his true vessel.” He said it so quietly that it could have been a whisper. “I’m the only one who can allow him to manifest safely in human form.”
“Tony.” Natasha’s face crumpled. Tears welled in her eyes for the first time that Tony could remember. Not even when Bruce had left had she allowed her sorrow to show. “How many times have we let you down?”
“We need to get on this right away.” Tony needed Steve not go to into full-on protective mode. “Trust me, we won’t do anything stupid.”
“What scent?” Steve asked.
“Loki.” Thor just seemed exhausted and hopeless suddenly. Tony never wanted to see that expression on Thor's face again. It had no place on that face.
“Sure,” Rhodey said. “And what are you going to do?”
Steve felt a warm glow fill his chest. “It sure does,” he agreed, smiling a little at Bucky.
It's time for the boys to get a little sun'tin sun'tin
“So my B.A.R.F. technology worked.” Tony felt strangely satisfied. And not a little bit smug. Shut up, he was allowed this.
Bruce stared at him. “What?”
They stayed there for a while, clutching at each other. Steve started to feel like maybe he could breathe again. Bucky’s body slowly relaxed against his until he was almost slumped against him. Steve just relished the fact that he could do this, was allowed to do this.
Rhodey shifted, holding Tony up. “You made Nat’s day,” he said and Tony could feel the smile against his hair.
He grabbed the cup that eased out of the belly of his favorite beast, breathing in the life-giving fumes. “Ah, hot, black caffeine, how I love you.”
The phone was ringing
“Crap,” he muttered.
Tony pulled out his tablet. Here, in this place where creation and devastation met, he wasn’t entirely sure what he was doing, so science would have to be his lodestone.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “And no more out of you,” he said.
Thor frowned. “If our father were to awaken from the Odinsleep then he would be able to do this for you, my friend.”
“Peter Quill and the Guardians were not able to control the Power Stone for long though,” Loki pointed out.
“Or yourself,” Steve insisted.
“No-one!” Tony hastened to assure him. “I checked. No deaths, just some maim...injuries.” He tried for a smile. “Stark Industries took care of it.”
“What the hell?” Tony stared between them. “Either one of you care to tell me what that was about?”
Steve stared at Matilda. “I’m going to take our furry friend to the control chair and see what happens.” He met those violent green eyes. “Are you going to come peacefully or do I have to put you back in that cage?’ he asked.
Steve grinned. “I put a feather over your mouth. It was fun watching it trying to fly.”
~~~O~~~~
“Yeah, Rogers, what are you going to do about it?” They both turned to look at Rhodes. “I’m kinda invested in the happiness and well-being of my best friend. What you did to him. To the team. I’m not okay with it.”
“Saw it,” Bucky nodded towards where Tony was looking.
Rhodey made a sort of ‘hmm’ noise in the back of his throat.
Steve talks to Bruce. Confesses to Tony. It's all very emo-boys right now
Bucky’s shoulders shook. “To take old one-eye to the optometrist?”
The World Security Council didn’t often meet face to face. It was dangerous to have them all together and the last time it had happened, Hydra had tried to kill off a quarter of Earth’s population. Of course, only one of the Council had survived that.
Rhodey smacked his hands away. “Go away,” he ordered.
“No.” Bucky pushed Steve gently back. His mouth was pink from Steve's kiss. And it had been
“He is afraid,” Wanda said. Her eyes glowed scarlet. “He loves as deeply as he hates, and it is all twisted up with his father and mother and brother.” She rubbed her forehead. “It is very difficult to read him.”
I was going.”
~o0o~
“I’m not comfortable with this plan,” Steve stated.
~~~O~~~~
“Please, just stop,” Clint begged from the pilot’s seat. “I need brain bleach for this entire conversation.”
Bruce stood, put a hand on his shoulder and said, “Have fun, be safe, don't use the sofa.” And the asshole left.
“Fuck you,” Rhodey told him with a good-natured swipe.
“What?” Rhodey was wearing his very worst ‘innocent and stupid’ face. “I don’t know why you want me to hit you.”
favor with him.”
“Don’t you
want to stop, you’d better say something now.”
I wasn't planning on writing an epic. This was supposed to be fun. Apparently my Marvel love runs deeper than I thought. A merry tale of a threesome has become something more.
He was a petty, petty man.
“Tony.” Steve tried to sound reproving. But he was smiling. Tony was here.
They followed Coulson down a long corridor, grey and glass. Tony’s architects had built something functional and beautiful and somehow S.H.I.E.L.D. had managed to make it spectacularly boring. “Why?” Tony asked. “It’s not like it’s not true.”
Tony dropped the soldering iron he was using. “Crap!”
“I believe that caramel is what Loki prefers most of Midgardian sweets.” Thor looked positively triumphant. “That means that it should be I that braves the chamber.”
“Dollar. Right.” He grinned. “Hasta la vista, baby.” He practically skipped out the door and was delighted to see the scooter intact.
“Tony.” His name was both a noun and a verb in Steve’s voice. “Are you and Pepper not…”
Natasha spat a curse in Russian. “Don’t you fucking talk to me about war and death, Steve Rogers! You know
Steve’s mouth twisted. “I’m starting to think they made a mistake.”
Bruce?” One perfectly plucked eyebrow arched as her gaze met his. “I wasn’t aware that slavery had come back into fashion.”
Tony had to order his dick to behave, because Steve angry was pretty goddamn sexy. “It wasn’t my decision,” Tony replied. “Ross called the meeting. And I wasn’t alone. Charles Xavier and Reed Richards were in the same meeting.”
“And I can accompany the others on the mission,” Thor offered. “I would be grateful for the distraction.” He rolled his shoulders. “A conflict with Midgardian villains should be enough to keep my mind off my traitorous brother for a while.”
Tony missed him like a limb.
“Mr. Stark has collapsed and is unconscious in the living room, Captain Rogers.” The AI sounded unnerved. “It appears as though he suffered some form of anxiety attack.”
Sam took a deep breath. “I hope you’ll forgive me, Cap, but the last time I saw this guy he was busy trying to destroy peace on earth. You’ll have to give me a little time to adjust.”
Jim spun to look at him. “This is Steve fucking Rogers we’re talking about, Tony. He’s not just going to go away when he can’t find me.”
Laura kissed his cheek. “You don’t fool me, Stark. You’d lie on a bomb for this nutbag family you’ve collected.” She maneuvered Nate into her arms, careful not to wake him. “I hope you’re going to make them grovel.”
Steve looked distinctly unimpressed. “You look like a demented Labrador,” he said, finally stepping away. “There, it’s done.”
“Or I can get one of my friends to remove it from your mind forcibly.” Tony didn’t dare look at Xavier and Richards. Neither of them were the sort to make threats. Tony knew that sometimes, however, the only way to fight violence or hatred was with violence and hatred.
Tony gave a screech, sitting up abruptly again. Steve barely managed to catch him. “Don’t you fucking touch my cat, you evil monster!” he yelled.
Tony loved an entrance. Like,
“I’m swapping you for a new best friend,” Steve grumbled.
Crowley’s grin was positively diabolical. “I’m slipping,” he said. “I’ll have to think up some new ones for you two.” He turned to walk towards the fissure in the stone. “Follow me, gentlemen.”
Tony moved away from the safety that Vision had sort of provided and sauntered towards Bruce and Pepper. “I think we’ll call that a tie,” he said with a grin.
Tony held on to his control. “She's not a US citizen.”
Tony glared at him. “Not helping.”
“Like a puzzle,” Tony murmured.
“Well yes,” Tony admitted. “But where would the fun be in family gatherings if we were all normal?”
Clint clutched him, face buried against his shoulder. “I thought about not coming,” he muttered into Tony’s shirt.
Loki rubbed at his arm. “I thought that meant the Captain and your new paramour.” His tone was innocent.
“Sounds like a wonderfully terrifying read,” Tony said, watching Dean.
“I see this fine establishment offers rooms for the night,” Tony began. “Do you take cards?”
“Its source is evil.” Wanda scowled at him. “You purposely misunderstand me.”
“Because you’re the chief dick,” Pepper said.
“Are you boys planning on jabbering all day or are we going to do this thing?” Natasha’s eyebrow had risen to murder proportions.
Tony felt the wet warmth of Steve’s come coating his and Bucky’s hands. Steve dropped against him, an exhausted dead weight that it took the two of them to move.
“It is the key to saving the Winter Soldier, Agent Barton.” Steve had taken note of the way that Vision was addressing them. He was keeping his distance with all of them. Apart from Wanda.
be family. There’s a show I used to watch. Someone once said that family don’t end with blood.” He smiled. “You can call me Don Tony if you really want to.”
“Behave,” Bruce told him.
“And you’re prepared to do it now?” Tony asked.
“Could use a little help here, Cap,” Tony said, watching him. “Bucky isn’t as svelte as he thinks he is.”
Tony’s head snapped back as though she’d slapped him. “What part of “I killed him” are you not getting, Pep?” He pointed to his nose, still swollen bent a little to the side thanks to Bucky’s effective right hook. “I deserved this, and more.” He felt his chest closing up as he tried to breathe.
He walked over to touch Tony’s cheek. His skin was cool and a slightly alarming tinge of blue. “I’ll do anything to save him, Pepper. I don’t care what it is. Anything.”
“She lied,” Clint said.
“So, Quinjet to Malibu?” Clint asked.
“Experimental?” Steve didn’t particularly like the sound of that.
surgery!”
Bucky surged forward, kissing Tony desperately. “You’re…” he breathed against Tony’s mouth.
Steve watched him, eyes speculative. “You had a mini meltdown because I made a joke about you loving me.” That was the problem with Steve. He was
Steve pretended to startle. “Oh my god!” He clutched his other hand to his chest. “So you are. Would you look at that?”
Tony leaned forward, murmured, “You okay?”
“Whatever you do,
Tony inclined his head. “You’d be right. I’m not the guy who likes to be controlled.” He looked down at his hands. “When we were in Sokovia to retrieve Loki’s staff, Wanda showed me the future.”
Tony took his glasses off, brown eyes wary. “What are you trying to say?” he asked.
Bucky swallowed hard, suddenly pale. “I don’t know,” he admitted. “I was fine with Tony working on my arm.” His eyes slid over to Tony and the panic was barely hidden.
Bruce looked at Tony and saw the same misery that he’d seen in Bucky’s eyes when he’d opened his front door. He wanted to give Bruce a safe place to hide as much as he'd given Bucky.
“We are,” Steve insisted.
Vision was as serene as ever, completely at ease wherever he chose to be. Tony refused to think about where he slept. Or
magic.”
“What happened?” Steve’s voice was very gentle, as though he too had sensed the bad shit coming.
“He saved us,” Sam added.
~o0o~
“And so do you,” Steve said, tone earnest.
Jörmungandr scowled but settled down again. “
“Whoa there, buddy.” Sam held up his hands. “It wasn’t meant to be an insult.”
“What the fuck?” Rhodey stared at them. Then he finally noticed Bucky, and his weapons came up. “What the actual fuck?”
Tony still couldn’t bring himself to think about his friends having sex. In his mind, they were all virgins.
the mission,” Steve insisted. “Come on people. Focus.”
“You broke up with Pepper because of me.” Steve took a step towards Tony.
“What did he say?” Steve asked.
What?
“You can’t stay here forever.” Bruce was using his ‘reasonable’ voice, as though Tony was some sort of idiot.
too quickly. “I’m going to rustle up my mom’s famous hangover cure, alright?”
“The release signature has an embedded code that I have confirmed as Agent Romanoff’s,” JARVIS said.
Strange cast his eyes over the formula. “It will work regardless,” he noted.
“Piece of cake,” Tony muttered as he followed Crowley through the final doorway. “Like taking candy from a baby.”
She shook her head. “Betrayal is something I am very familiar with, Steve.” She met Sam’s gaze. “Do you remember what Tony said when he asked you where Steve was?”
“We had some very good times,” Steve agreed.
“Laura thinks it’s adorable,” Clint insisted as he started scribbling.
“He’s banned you from the compound, from the Avengers,” Sam reminded him.
Bucky nudged him with his knee. “I’m always going to have your six, Stevie.
“And we’re just going to believe everything that lunatic says?” Tony remembered all too well a dark sky scattered with stars and rings of fire flying towards him as he fell through a hole in the world. He tried not to shudder.
Tony glared with little heat. “I am not a large, British pensioner, thank you very much.”
!” he shouted. “Move your asses!”
be called Bucky, but hey, there you go.
“Remind us again?” Clint’s cheeky grin had Tony smiling too. “What is the issue?”
He swallowed the bile that threatened to flood his mouth. “Don’t look.” The words were gritted out between his teeth as he fought to take another step.
“I know.” And he did. It was just… “Everything’s changed.”
Tony held up a hand. “Hello? What? Wanda? Asses? Kisses?
Tony was dead.
Tony and Bruce were arguing loudly about how many dimensions needed to be added to the equation, when Steve rushed into the lab.
Steve looked back towards the house. “I don't know if Tony would like that.”
Tony was impressed. The professor was usually the tactful sort, careful with his words and actions.
!” He wasn’t sure which god he’d pleased in an earlier life, but he was going to thank Thor anyway.
Pierce shook his head a little. “Our enemies are your enemies, Nick. Disorder, war. It's just a matter of time before a dirty bomb goes off in Moscow, or an EMP fries Chicago. Diplomacy? Holding action, a Band-Aid. And you know where I learned that; Bogota. You didn't ask, you just did what had to be done. I can bring order to the lives of seven billion people by sacrificing twenty million. It's the next step, Nick, if you have the courage to take it.”
~o0o~
Steve glanced at him, but he was staring out at the garden too. ‘It wasn’t just the two of us,” he said.
Tony snorted. “I’ve missed you, Captain Sasspants.” And he had. Apart from Pepper and Happy, Steve had been the person Tony had spent the most time with once the Avengers had moved in together.
Tony wanted to die.
“I’d prefer to face my enemy than have him assassinated while I’m not looking,” Steve said. He watched Bucky’s slow nod, Sam’s agreement, Rhodey’s chin lift. The soldiers here knew there was some honor in war.
“You aren’t wearing the braces?” Natasha was not a super-spy in name only.
Inevitably, the newest members of the team followed a couple of days later. Vision, Wanda and Sam stared around them when Tony welcomed them to his not-so-humble abode.
“I remember that once upon a time, people were made to register themselves, based on race, religion, color and creed.” Xavier’s voice was almost dreamy. “That didn’t work out so well for everyone concerned.”
“A glass perhaps?” he asked.
“Lang’s ride,” Rhodes said, unbuckling and heading out of the door. A beautiful dark-haired woman waited for him, tapping a thick-soled boot.
“Bossman?” F.R.I.D.A.Y. sounded unsure.
The years moved on; the team evolved. Tony had joined them when Loki arrived, the red and gold armor protecting him from harm when Steve could not.
“You are an embarrassment, Stark. I swear to god, I’m done with you.” Rhodey beamed at him. “Fucker.”
Bruce ushered the other two out of the lab, calling over his shoulder, “Let me know when you’re done.”
“Not my fault.” Tony felt obligated to defend his own honor. “Bruce was the one who brought sex into the conversation.”
“You left pretty quickly this morning.” Even as mild a comment as that made the hairs in Tony’s
It took Steve a moment to process what he’d just seen and heard. “Tony?” he asked, watching the Iron Man armor closely.
Peggy crooned to him as she lit up the corridor once more, the sound of a single note following them to the laboratory next to the infirmary.
Tony turned in Steve’s arms, buried his head in Steve’s neck. “I couldn’t stop him.” Steve felt the suit groan beneath his clutching hands.
Tony watched Steve’s face and realized that he might have over-reacted a little. “Buck.” Steve was pale. “I just meant…I wanted…want you to be happy.”
“We were fighting in Siberia and he just wouldn’t stop.  I told him that Bucky was my friend. Then he said, “So was I.” It was like he’d stabbed me. I realized then that no matter what I did, no matter how I tried, Tony wouldn’t believe that I cared about him. Not after this.” Steve rubbed a hand over his eyes. “So I called Fury and told him where to find Tony and left.”
Tony’s shirt was quickly dampened as Clint shook silently against him. Every now and then his breath hitched as he tried to get himself under control. Eventually the storm passed. Tony looked around helplessly at his friends. He had no idea how to handle this.
Tony pushed his hot face harder against Steve’s skin. Steve’s arms tightened. “I’m okay, Buck. We’re okay.”
“After that, Lucifer’s someone else’s problem,” Dean said.
Tony squawked, batting her hands away. “Not the hair!” he complained. “The hair is sacred.”
“Excuse me?” Tony was affronted. “I’m a fucking genius.”
And then Steve was on his feet, striding towards Tony. “I think it’s better if I sit here,” he said as he sat down in the chair Pepper had just vacated, at Tony’s side. “Seems more appropriate, since you’re the boss now.”
The knock on the door of the lab took them all by surprise. Tony didn’t even have to look around to know who it was. His spidey sense was tingling.
“Fun?” Sam stared at him. “Are you for real?”
“Steve.” He sat up abruptly. “Where’s Steve?” He had a feeling he knew but the sick churning in his stomach couldn’t be true.
“Come on, man.” Clint took his arm. “It’s time to go home.”
“I’ve already begun that, sir.” JARVIS sounded a little offended.
Tony lifted his chin as the armor started assembling around him. “You don’t know anything about me, Buck. Not really.” He grimaced as the faceplate clanged into place. “Pepper is better off without me.”
“Oh my god, you have to watch them. They’re hilarious,” Bruce said. “Anyway, the police chief says that if he had more than one of Clouseau then he’d be able to destroy the world.”
Tony shook his head. “Dude, you of all people, should know better. Anything that is locked up can be set free.” He glanced at Loki. “Tell me about the Aether,” he ordered.
She shook her head. “When
Tony let the armor fold away into the suit-case sized...suitcase he normally carried around. “Not that this little reunion isn't faboo, but I really need to talk to the
Bucky nodded warily. Thor was a lot to take in first go-around, Tony agreed. “Hi.”
“We kinda are,” Dean said.
“Because our other brother said yes to Michael instead,” Sam said. “And he’s still down there, in the Pit, at Lucifer’s mercy.” There was a collective shudder. Even if you didn’t believe in the Horned One, you didn’t want to be in his clutches.
“Because you are better than me?” Thor offered, fluttering his eyelashes a little.
“Remember how you felt,” Wanda’s eyes glowed red and gold. It was clear she wanted Tony to learn something.
“No, I don’t think that’s a good idea.” Steve’s words stopped Tony in his tracks.
Coulson led the way to a bank of elevators. Turning to look at them he said, “I sincerely doubt that we will all fit into one lift.” He cast his eyes over them. “Captain, I suggest you take Widow, Hawkeye and Colonel Rhodes with our guests and the others can come with me.”
“I believe that Captain Rogers is correct, sir.” Coulson’s voice broke into the charged quiet. Everyone took a collective sigh of relief. With Coulson on their side, Fury was sure to follow.
“Good luck,” Steve nodded at Bucky. “He's a complete asshole.”
“Well,
Thor’s shoulders slumped and he dragged himself out to the balcony.
“You are so very worthy, Tony.” Tears glittered in Pepper’s eyes. She put a slender hand on his cheek. “I just wish you believed that.” When he opened his mouth again she shook her head. “I couldn’t bear it if you made a crack about this right now. How your so-called friends treated you, has made me so angry for so long. They don’t deserve your love.”
“No! Goddamit. Stay where you are!” Steve shouted.
Steve flinched. “He said that he’s prepared to try to be friends again.”
In the middle of the celestial show were six stones in various colors. Strange named them, “Space. Reality. Power. Soul. Mind.” They lit up as he called their names, slipping through stars. “And Time.” He looked down, wiggled his fingers in what Tony thought was a little bit extra for drama, and the big-ass chunk of metal hanging on his chest opened to reveal a gleaming emerald light.
Steve swallowed hard. “Have you had this conversation with Tony?” he asked.
a dick.” He paused, clearly thinking about what he’d just said.
Steve had decided to put all his personal feelings aside when it came to Tony and Bucky’s relationship. Whatever was going to happen between them didn’t change what Steve felt for both of them. Keeping their friendship was the most important thing. Everything else was secondary.
Tony couldn’t resist kissing him again. “Whoda thunk it?” He smiled against Steve’s lips. “Captain America, Closet Romantic.”
“I will make amends if I can.” Wanda stared down at her hands, at the tendrils of crimson mist that seemed to seep out of her pores. “When we find him, I will help him see that even if he is a monster, he is still in control.”
“No.” Strange narrowed his gaze. “We need to go down there.” He held out an imperious hand once more.
Bruce blinked. His eyes looked huge behind his glasses. “Uh…”
‘I said no disturbances.” The cold was spreading, encasing his calves, twisting around his muscles in a blanket of ice.
“You’re awfully quiet,” Bruce noted.
They lost.
Tony frowned. Looked around. “Hey,” he said. “Where’s Thor?”
Bruce smiled back at him. “I know. I’m glad I could help in any way.”
“I don’t believe in Heaven,” Tony whispered to Steve. “But if you’re out there somewhere across the great divide, I’d really appreciate a sign.”
That ice-cold gaze snapped back to his. “What?”
Tony shook his head. “Nothing, if I have anything to do about it.” He picked up his jacket. “Let’s hope this doesn’t take too long.”
“Meep.” Tony decided that crawling into a six foot deep hole and then covering himself with the dirt was a fabulous idea.
, Buck, swear to god.”
asshole,” Bucky pointed out.
“Stark.” Coulson’s head dipped slightly and his eyes were cool as they slid over the team.
Steve hated this part. Hated watching Tony gasp for air as he scrambled to restart his life every time he took the reactor out. He passed Tony the orb, the weight belying the importance of the object within. Tony slotted it into the space left by the arc reactor, it slid in as though made for that spot, and the room filled with a loud hum.
Strategy sessions. The Cloak of Levitation may have a fetish. Steve realises he's in a lot of trouble.
“Nobody touches him.” Wanda's low growl made every hair on Steve's body stand up.
Tony was just
Someone rang the doorbell. Tony swallowed hard.
Bucky and Steve both turned to look at him, identical expressions of speculation on their stupidly gorgeous faces.
Bucky shrugged with a smirk. “It wasn’t something we talked about back in our day,” he admitted. “But we still managed to get the job done.” He said that with entirely no irony. Tony was in awe.
Dean’s little smirk and Steve’s subsequent blush made Tony want to
Bucky’s breath was less shaky this time. Maybe he was starting to believe Tony.
Pepper looked haggard, her eyes were cold and her fair skin blotched red.
“I know that Nat will end
When they’d finally collected themselves, Steve called them to order. “What did your father say?” he asked Thor.
“Yeah?” Bucky strolled out to the patio area. The sun shone brightly and New York was spread out before them.
“Oh yeah, horny bastards,” Dean said. Tony snickered.
“I feel like we need a speech,” Tony said. “I mean, we
Tony could suddenly remember that day, two years ago. They’d been testing Bruce’s ability to control the monster within. It had been partially successful. The Hulkbuster armor had been almost pulverized though.
“What is it?” Bruce asked, his eyes growing stormy.
was a mental image he hadn’t needed in his brain. It appeared as though a comfortable Steve was a smart-alecky Steve. Tony was beyond turned-on.
“It would have to be,” Thor said. “Loki would not stray far from his power.”
“Doctor Strange is a friend,” Vision repeated. “Perhaps in the past he wasn’t, but now he is Earth’s Sorcerer Supreme, and his only concern is the safety of humanity.”
of sarcasm.
Tony knew he was taking a chance coming here on his own. Everything had gone to shit, and he had probably already been declared a criminal. He landed in Siberia, grateful for the insulation of the armor.
“Some small part of me cared a little, I suppose,” Wanda admitted. “But I had a goal, Captain. I had a mission. Zemo was not the only one working on breaking the Avengers apart.”
Tony shrugged. “Whatever. Things change.”
Tony leaned against a large cauldron. His leg was cramping. He hadn’t had a chance to cool down after his workout with Rhodey. The cauldron provided a handy-dandy leaning post. “Did you
Steve held his breath, watching the scene on the television.
Eventually the tears stopped. Bucky sighed, rolling his face onto Tony’s shoulder. He looked ashen and exhausted. “When last did you sleep?” Tony asked.
Strange unbuttoned his cloak, allowing it to wander off to poke around the room. Tony could see the expressions on the faces of everyone who had not yet experienced the special wonder that was Stephen Strange. “I still have the Eye of Agamotto.” He made a flourishing gesture at the pendant on his chest, ensuring that everyone was staring at him.
Clint looked almost himself again, still pale, but that ever-present twinkle in his eyes had returned, albeit a little duller than usual. “Hand on my heart,” he promised.
Tony tensed up. “But you’re not
Natasha looked angrier than he'd ever seen her. “Just because he gave up on us, doesn't mean we should have given up on him.”
That left Coulson and Tony arguing their case.
When he reached out to hug her, he got a knife beneath his chin. “I’m so pissed off at you,” she said in a tone that clearly meant evisceration if he said the wrong thing.
“Who is that?” Tony asked, tipping his head towards Thor and the newcomer.
Tony was nervous. It seemed like he was back in the avenging business whether he liked it or not. He frowned. Perhaps it would better to call it the avenging babysitting business, he thought sourly.
“No I didn’t,” Tony denied.
find a way!” he roared.
broke up with Pepper and not the other way around.”
Tony stepped back. “Bygones,” he said, waving a hand. “Go and play with your new friends, Cap. Maybe I’ll be able to get some work done.” It was a cheap shot that landed hard. Steve looked hurt. Tony kept stepping away. “Have fun,” he warbled and then spun to head back down to the workshop. It wasn’t a retreat dammit.
“Why don’t you go and have a look for yourself, Captain?” Fury suggested.
And that right there was why Tony Stark was the very best of them all.
“Sub?” Steve was even more bewildered now.
Bucky just looked confused now. Tony could deal with that. “What?”
“Red Room?” Bruce frowned. “That sounds like…”
Steve lunged towards Bucky but was stopped by Bruce’s hand. “No, you mustn’t touch him. The gamma rays are positioned within the machine so that they are emitted almost like a scalpel. They are slicing into the nanites right now, disintegrating them. I’m not sure what would happen if you interfered.”
Clint handed the phone to Steve. “She says that currently Tony, Rhodes and Bruce are in a closed-door meeting with the UN General Assembly.”
“I generally do.” Steve kept his eyes on Loki.
“I…” Tony flapped his hands a little helplessly. Emotions were his least favorite thing about being an adult.
Tony sighed. “Shades down please, F.R.I.D.A.Y.” He knew when he was beaten.
Tony was very on board with this plan. If they killed or captured Rumlow now, then he wouldn’t be around to pull the trigger and assassinate Steve. His breath quickened just thinking about it.
“So it’s another magical thingamajig that we don’t really understand,” Bruce said. “I’m getting a send of déjà vu here people.”
Tony thought that it might not be his smartest moment if he pointed out that
“Two gone then,” Bruce said. “What about the one that’s with the Nova Corps?”
Steve felt like his skin was on fire. “I wouldn’t!” he exclaimed.
Tony darted over to the shopping bags, suddenly ravenous. “What did you bring me?” he demanded.
Tony scowled at him, tugging his shirt down. “Yeah, yeah,” he muttered. But he was sort of thrilled to see Thor. There was something special about the big guy. And sure, he was a god alien from Planet Bonkers, but he was also a really cool cat. God, when had he picked up Steve's stupid old-fashioned phrases?
And Bruce’s face reminded Tony just how much he’d fucked up. “I need you to do something for me, okay?” He grabbed Bruce’s face between his palms. “Promise?”
Vision stopped in front of a set of large doors. “This is the East Wing. There are several suites available to you all. There is a fully stocked kitchen as well as a gymnasium and an entertainment area. Your needs should be fully met.”
“They’ve always thought you were cute.” Natasha’s mouth curled a little. “But they didn’t think you were interested.”
Tony didn’t need Bruce to Hulk out on him. “A mistake,” he hurried to say. “A fucking terrible mistake that I’m going to make sure never happens.”
Dean’s sharp eyes missed nothing. “So you’re…?” He motioned between them.
“Tony’s heart just started beating again,” Bruce said, sounding utterly baffled. “I don’t understand…”
Tony shook his head. “I was drunk out of my mind; I doubt I even knew my name.”
“You’re impossible,” Steve said, failing to sound annoyed.
Steve blanched, gulping. “I think I can safely say that I really don’t want that to happen.”
“Bi, not gay,” Tony corrected. “Like me.” He was not going to think about the absurdity of the two finest minds on earth sitting in a forest debating Captain America's sexual orientation.
Tony put his mug down as well. He had a feeling things were going to be broken and not just Pepper’s heart.
“Time’s a-wasting, boys.” Crowley started down the passage again. “The Cage is right in the center of Hell, and to be frank, it might be a bit of a tough road.”
Steve’s stupid mouth turned down. “Pity,” he said. Barnes started closing the door. “I would have said yes.”
Tony looked at the shiny silver arm of the guy dragging Steve out of the river. “He’s real,” he murmured. “And he killed my parents.”
“Don’t be an idiot,” Tony snapped. “Don’t you think I’d have come up with something else if I really hated all of you?”
Loki watched Bucky silently. Tony could feel Bucky’s hand growing sweaty against his. This felt like something important, Tony thought. A break-through of some sort.
Crowley tipped his head. “Interesting question, James.” He seemed to think about it seriously. “I’m never sure, you know.” He ran a hand across the naked back of a beautiful woman who was crying as a huge man thrust into her over and over again.
Natasha's expression was almost scornful. It made something inside Steve want to roll over and supplicate. “And we believe
“Hey Tony!” Peter’s barely broken squeak of greeting was accompanied by the biggest grin Tony had ever seen. “Geez, Vision is so fast. I could barely keep up with him on the way over here!”
“What’s going on?” Natasha asked, moving over to allow Pepper to sit beside her.
Lila shrieked at him, throwing herself at him and pandemonium reigned again as Laura and Vision tried to keep the children from tearing each other’s hair out.
The single road was dusty, skinny children and skinnier dogs raced around, laughing and barking. It was a picture of happy poverty. It looked like the perfect place for a self-loathing, gamma-radiated, nuclear physicist with anger issues.
“Not Sam and Natasha,” Tony said. “You think I didn’t monitor what was going on in the Tower? The huddles, the whispers, the searches. I knew you were looking for someone. But you never came to me. Never asked me for help.” He dropped his chin. “It proved that the family I thought I’d built was a lie.”
me!” he exclaimed. Definitely excited.
Jim held out his new arm, hand open. “I’m so glad I met you, Tony Stark. Thank you for my arm, thank you for my sanctuary.”
Rhodey grimaced. “While I’m pretty happy about not having to fight an immortal space guy for the stone, how do you know this Collector is just going to hand it over without any conditions?”
“All excellent questions, Bruce,” Steve said. “Let’s start with where you went.”
“Call me Bruce, please.” Bruce smiled and Tony’s heart ached a little for his friend.
Steve wasn’t sure how to answer that without sounding like a dick. So he chose to stay silent.
Laura poured three shots of Tony’s very expensive, normally well-hidden whiskey. She handed a glass to him. “It’s about nine in the morning?” he felt obliged to point out.
Bruce rolled his eyes, a small grin on his face. “Not quite the time, Tony.”
Bucky didn’t say anything, just bent down and threw Tony over his shoulder in a fireman's lift. “We'll see you later,” he said as he strode out of the lab, Tony punching his back and threatening him with several painful ways to die.
Clint rolled his eyes, but kept a steady stream of arrows guarding their backs. Natasha’s grin was wild and fierce as she fought around him.
“Catch me if you can, RhodesRunner!” Tony called, squeaking when Rhodey spun around and headed towards him from the opposite side.
“I don’t know if your armor will be able to make it all the way into Hell,” Sam interjected with an apologetic shrug.
He patted her hand. “I will be.” She smiled at him, nodded to the team, sent a glare Clint’s way and left. Clint’s pale and terrified face was pretty priceless. Tony hoped that F.R.I.D.A.Y. was recording this. It was better than any comedy he’d ever seen.
“Or you let me help you,” Peggy said. “The mortals do not know that I can use pieces of myself to heal you. Your heart is broken, Tony.”
Sam shrugged. “I’m tall for a human.” He looked at Mjolnir, hanging off Thor’s belt. “I meant to ask you earlier, did you perhaps misplace that a few years ago?”
Tony left the team to discuss their strategy. He had an appointment to keep.
“And just when would any one of you have listened to me?” Tony asked. “After Ultron? Vision? The Accords?” He laughed and it felt as though something had died in his heart. “Iron Man, yes; Tony Stark, not recommended. You remember, right? You wrote that profile.”
Tony bared his teeth. “You shut up.”
The fact that a second super soldier was all up in his space barely registered a second later when Steve leaned over and kissed Tony’s neck. “Found a way to shut him up,” he murmured to Bucky against Tony’s skin.
“Huh, imagine that,” Tony mused. “Loki using one of the Infinity Stones to get a world at his feet. Whoda thunk it?”
“Okay!” Tony practically squawked. “I’ll have you know that arm is a piece of goddam art!”
He stepped back, every cell in his body drooping with exhaustion. “Thank you.”
“I think I’d better have a long chat with the director in the very near future.” Steve’s growl was pretty cute, Tony thought. At least he wasn’t mad at Tony much anymore.
Bruce had the sense to look at least somewhat apologetic. “Sorry,” he said. “I know I’m in trouble when you call me by my title.”
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “That’s a classic case of selective victim blaming, Tones. They have therapy for that.”
“You don't you think we wiped your clearance from the system?” Pierce sneered.
“You know you should really think up a better name for that, right?” Barnes stepped carefully around Pepper and took the handles of the wheelchair. “Where to, ma’am?”
“Fuck.” Tony rubbed at his watering eyes. Sinuses were a bitch.
“The scepter?” Natasha asked. Clint went a little pale. Steve made another mental note to check in with him soon.
Bucky wriggled out from under Steve, quickly shucking his clothes. Tony took a moment to admire his handiwork. God, he was a fucking genius. That arm was a thing of beauty.
“Buck...” Steve wasn't sure if he was going to protest or apologize.
Bucky shook his head. “Couldn’t hear over the snoring. But you’re not the sort to imagine things, so until someone proves otherwise, I’m going to believe you.”
When fifty different dishes were shouted at him, he held up his hands. “How about I order the menu times two?” he asked, looking around at his team of freeloaders. Fuck, he loved each and every one of them.
Tony grinned. “That’s what they call us on the fan sites.” He dropped a hand over Bruce’s shoulder as he started guiding him out of the forest. “And that’s our ship name in the fan fiction.”
“And?” Strange prompted.
“That’s impossible,” Bruce said.
Tony gave a groan and then pushed back. “Oh my god, we are such a fucking cliché,” he moaned, launching himself back into Steve’s arms, hitching his legs around Steve’s waist.
“The gateway to Hell,” Steve stood beside Sam, eyes constantly scanning the area.
“You wouldn’t have signed the Accords?” Rhodey sounded astonished. Tony wasn’t.
At the movement, Natasha’s eyes flew open and for a second Steve worried for Vision’s limbs. She relaxed a moment later. “Bed time?” she asked, her voice husky with sleep as she looked at Bruce.
Rhodey bumped his shoulder. It sucked having someone around who knew him so well.
“I’m sorry, Thor.” Steve knew his words were inadequate.
A brief chuckle and then, “Oh, dear boy, you’re going to
Wanda floated into the room from the balcony, Vision right behind her. “I wish to eat,” she announced.
“First?” Steve wanted the ground to swallow him whole. “I had
“Tony?” Rhodey was sitting up too, Sam not far behind him. There was a brief, mad, juvenile scramble as they all tried to exit the Quinjet at the same time.
Sam took the rope and tied it around his waist. “I’m the one who got in this way before.” He passed it over to Steve. “We should hurry.”
Short chapter because we all know that this is the lead-up to the disaster that is Civil War and that is going to take a little more time.
“Sure Tony, I get it,” Steve sighed. “Hilarious.”
Her laugh was watery, her smile the barest curve. “I don’t want to betray you, Tony. You’ve done so much for us, given so much to us. I don’t want you to think…”
“How come nobody else knows what a complete asshole you are?” Clint gasped as Steve stepped nimbly out of the way of his punch.
“I don’t understand,” the Japanese representative frowned. “How does this technology work?”
be real.” He was shaking so hard it felt like every atom in his body was falling apart.
“Out with it, you tangle of over-juiced wires,” Tony told him, pointing a screwdriver in the direction of one of the cameras. “I know you have an opinion.”
“That I’m immortal?” Tony practically bounced on the spot. “Pretty much, yup.” He beamed at them. “Yggdrasil said that I wouldn’t live forever, but I would live much longer than any other humans.” He slanted a gaze at Steve. “So the people who love me won’t have to watch me get old and die.”
“I brought you one better,” Natasha said with a wink that made Bruce blush. She reached into her backpack and pulled out a hissing animal that looked like a cross between a cat and a raccoon by the scruff of its neck. “Meet Matilda.”
“Then I will make sure he’s locked up for the rest of his days,” Tony swore. And he’d never meant anything more.
Sam leaned against the Quinjet with Wanda. “Earth’s Mightiest Heroes,” he said, presenting them to the world, as Tony and Bruce leaned against each other, gasping with laughter.
“Always the party pooper, Agent Agent,” Tony complained.
of your allowance!”
Ross put his glass down. “I’ve called you here to discuss the SRA,” he announced without preamble.
Thor’s eyes flashed dangerously. “And you think I forget this for even one moment?” he demanded. “I am sick to my stomach. My mother is dead, my father is I know not where, my brother is ….” He stopped, chest heaving.
money, man! I don’t need it.”
Several things happened all at once. Tony and Rhodes thumped down in their armor, repulsors and weapons at the ready, Vision and Wanda hovering above them, clearly prepared for whatever was happening. Bucky and Natasha sprinted out of the compound after them.
Steve smiled. “Is this really the weirdest thing we've encountered since we've been here?” he asked.
Jumping back a little in time for Steve to have a revelation.
“Asgard,” Thor supplied helpfully.
~o0o~
Clint nodded. “Eh, farming isn’t everything it’s cut out to be,” he muttered.
“Agreed,” Tony said, standing up, and coming to sit next to Steve on the sofa. “So, if we don’t fight, then what are our options?”
And he was gone.
“She has told us nothing of import yet,” Thor assured him, putting a big hand on Loki’s shoulder.
“That is very difficult to answer,” Steve admitted. “The team isn’t mine anymore. It hasn’t been mine since I refused to sign the Accords.”
Tony let Bucky go then, let him fall forward into Steve. Tony watched as Steve grabbed onto him, pulled him close and held him tight. “Jerk,” Steve breathed into Bucky's neck.
Steve lay back on his bed, arm over his eyes. He kept seeing Tony’s face. The moment that his friend had realized that Steve had betrayed him in the worst possible way.
“I thought Thor said Thanos had it,” Sam said.
Thor had gone as pale as a ghost. “Did you say, Loki?” His voice was a ruined thing, guttural and terrified.
“This is not a fucking competition!” Clint sounded peeved and out of breath.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “What about the cosmological constant problem?” He pointed at one section of the model. “It doesn’t look right there.”
Steve turned, surprised and thrilled to hear him use his name. “Yeah?”
“Year.” Tony waved him on impatiently.
Steve thought that victory was a nasty tasting thing.
“And that would be a bad thing?” Chayka asked in a softly accented voice. “Look at what happened when you were governed by nothing more than your own sense of morality.”
“I can’t, Dean.” Sam’s voice was small and exhausted. “Not again.”
“Oh, that’s where you’re wrong.” She squeezed his fingers. “You are cut from the same stubborn, I-am-always-right cloth. You just show it in different ways.”
“And the snake won’t poison the sky in a day,” Tony said.
“He’s a dick.” Clint sounded very certain of the fact.
A worrying pattern was forming. The mark of Set was showing up on more and more people. Prominent people who wielded power in many countries.
“Uh,” Tony said, brain dribbling out of the ear he’d just cleared.
“Steve.” Bucky stared at Steve like the entire universe had just been handed to him on a platter. “I know you now.”
Bruce grimaced. “We’re not exactly great at the stealth thing, are we?”
“Animals can't ascend,” Steve said, even more confused.
“Stand down, Wilson.” Steve used his ‘Captain’ voice and the team settled.
Tony makes a wish.
Tony decided that arguing with him wasn’t going to help. “Sure,” he said. “Bring me a jewel or mead or something.”
“Huh?” Dean frowned.  “He put himself in exile?”
“I don’t…” he stopped. “Oh.” He could feel his stupid skin flush. It was a goddamn curse. “That wasn’t what I meant.”
“Any signs of life?” he asked. He didn't have to ask. He could see very clearly what was out there. He was just used to hearing voices. Two weeks with Bucky in the mansion had made him accustomed to people again. Even half-crazy super-soldiers were better than being alone.
“Oh.” Tony blinked, and a second later his mouth turned down. “
“Yeah, it sometimes does,” Steve agreed, running his eyes over Bucky’s body.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. can you please patch me through to Tony?” Steve’s jaw was so tight that it hurt.
“Alternative?” Tony bleated. “I’m not some twelfth man who gets substituted at the eleventh hour!” His heart was beating too fast.
“Oh my god,” Bruce groaned. “As if I’m already not in need of all of the therapy in the world.” He glared at Tony. “Please go away, taking your awkward turtle flirting somewhere else.”
Sam and Dean exchanged looks. “Wilson was right about the blood,” Sam said eventually. “I reckon it would be similar to the ritual we use for Crowley?” He seemed to be asking Dean.
okay with it?” Bucky asked, trying for a blank face, but failing spectacularly. Tony was onto him. Bucky was the least capable person he'd ever met of hiding his emotions. They were lit up on his face like a beacon.
avoiding me?” he asked. Tony grinned. Vision was a good bro. He should teach him the fist-bump.
Tony wanted to kick him. A warning look from Steve had him subsiding. “Director, what do you know…?”
Tony pulled an AC/DC tee over his head, walking over to the bed. He bent down to press a soft kiss to Steve’s mouth. “Thank you,” he whispered.
Steve held onto his hand for a little longer. “Thank you for risking everything to help us. It might not have turned out the way we planned but at least we made it out alive.”
Tony bobbled a bit again. He’d have to look into what was wrong with the suit. “What about him?” he hedged.
“And?” Clint prompted. “What is he called?”
Also...THERE IS A PLOT! Le gasp. Which means this isn't going to end just yet.FML.
And up.
She just looked at him. “There are a lot of other planets in the universe. And unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.” Amend that, Tony thought. He fucking
“How do you know about them?” Steve asked. He frowned in suspicion.
Clint was asleep on the largest beanbag chair; Sam flopped over his lap with his face smashed into the tiled floor. They both only had pants on.
“Well that sounds wonderful,” Tony muttered. “It’s amazing that we can function at all.”
“I’m sorry, what were you saying?” Steve asked as Tony writhed beneath him. He curved his fingers a little. Tony lit up like a Christmas tree. There were actual sparkles in front of his eyes as Steve, perfect in sex as he was in almost everything else, hit his prostate.
Bucky beamed up at him. “Sure you do,” he drawled.
Bruce sighed, pulled his glasses off and rubbed the bridge of his nose. “I understand, Steve. I really do, but if I try to explain this to you then all I’m going to do is confuse you.”
“Oh fuck you!” Tony exploded, jostling Bucky awake. “You don’t just pass someone over to someone else and give them your blessing. Like you even have the fucking permission to do that anyway!” Tony couldn’t remember being this angry. "Especially if one of those someones is recovering from years, decades of abuse!”
Tony stepped back, overwhelmed with the affection that was rolling though him. “Got tired of seeing your ugly mug,” he quipped. “Besides, weren’t you playing at being Old MacDonald on his farm?”
“Fuck that!” Dean spat. “You’re not his bitch anymore and I won’t let him fuck you over again.” His hand shook as he reached out to Sam.
“I remember seeing such a creature, once,” Thor said. “However, it was much larger and less… fluffy.” He frowned, paused. “Perhaps it was not such a creature after all.”
“Bloodless coup?” Dean asked, coming out of the kitchen with a plate loaded with sandwiches. He handed one to Sam who took it almost absently.
“That makes no sense,” Sam said. “Most of us are just plain human, nothing super about us.”
Coulson leaned back in the chair. “Because you hate having a handler,” he said.
“Man, I reckon you’d better shut your ass up,” Sam advised. “Your wife is waiting at our final destination and if I know anything about women, and I do, you are in the biggest shithole of the entire lot of us.”
Clint’s mouth curled up at the corner. “You’re something alright.” He looked at Tony. “I’m okay.”
“It’s Tony we’re talking about,” Rhodey reminded them.
Tony frowned. The analogy didn’t really carry through. “I’m at my best when I’m…” Bucky gave him a gentle shove and Tony, taken by surprise, tumbled down onto the sheets. “Hey! Don’t abuse the genius at work.”
Steve hugged Tony close. “I’ll take that,” he agreed. Tony’s amazing brain would work something out. “Now, let’s see what Odin sent you.”
“Stop that, it’s creepy,” Laura ordered as she shoved a bunch of papers in front of him. “Sign. Stark Industries is still in business even though the world is ending.”
“Wait!” Tony held up a hand. “That wasn’t an offer.” The crestfallen expression didn’t fool him. “Don’t even try it, you little schemer.”
Tony shifted a little, looked warily over at Steve. “Yeah,” he admitted. “Thought I was in the way.”
“No fucking way!” Tony wanted to eyeball what Natasha was facing, but just then Long-legged and Nasty knocked into him like a ton of proverbial bricks. Thank god for the suit.
She smirked. “Good boy.” She tipped her head towards the bathroom and Tony scurried in obediently, clutching his clothes to his chest as though somehow they would protect him from her.
“Sonofabitch,” Clint swung his gaze back to Steve. “No fucking way.”
Natasha made a scoffing noise. “Realistic? Says the man who willingly submitted to a science experiment that had little to no chance of success?”
Steve sucked in a breath and looked around. “I’m home.”
“Penny for your thoughts?” Steve’s question had Tony looking back up at him.
Tony caught Thor’s wink out of the corner of his eye. Lord above, he loved that giant alien.
.” Thor said the word as though it was a position beyond compare. Steve supposed that it was to a person who'd lost his entire world. Literally.
Tony shoved at Bucky’s shoulder. “No rest for the wicked, Buckeroo,” he said, laughing when Bucky rolled off the bed.
He mentioned where he was staying and Bruce laughed. “Be careful, Mrs Li is a shark.”
“I’m happy because I have the best friends in the world. Friends who would literally lie on a grenade for me.” Tony had managed to avoid the water-works at the wedding ceremony, but apparently he was still emo-guy. “I’m happy because I have the best job in the world.”
Clint pulled out a mobile. “Huh.” He poked at it. The display lit up and he started scrolling through the contact list. He went white and slumped into a chair.
He tried not to jump when Natasha appeared beside him. He’d learned that she was a shadow when she wanted to be. “Who is this Iron Man that Tony speaks of?” she asked.
Bucky moved into Steve’s arms, letting his bulk sag against him. “Takes one to know one,” he muttered into Steve’s neck.
Tony held her close. “I love you too, Pep,” he said into her hair. “I’m like a noxious weed. You’re not getting rid of me that easily.”
you, likes you?” Bruce spoke in a cutesy little girl voice that made Tony snort.
“Let’s get the saving of the universe done before we deal with that, okay big guy?” Clint dropped a hand on Thor’s shoulder as he walked in.
Tony felt the hangover pound through his body with a terrible vengeance. “Let me shower first,” he said, knowing he couldn’t put this off forever.
“I’ve only begun to sort the data, but it appears as though SHIELD has been infiltrated almost completely by HYDRA.”
“I’ll be with you the whole time,” Tony assured him, forcing himself not to reach out and touch him. Wanda’s vision was like a three-fire alarm blaring at the back of his brain. Whatever you do, Stark,
Tony groaned. “Can we just have one crisis at a time please?”
StarkTech, I bet I can figure out where you crashed.”
Rhodey’s dark face went an ashy grey. ‘You promised.”
“You’re the most important person in my life.” Bucky’s reply was simple and devastating. “I won’t do anything to jeopardize our relationship.”
“They’ve done this a lot,” he murmured to Tony.
Tony stared between them. They were grinning at each other like crazy people. Bat-shit crazy people who adored each other more than life. He wanted them to look at him that way. Tony’s heart jumped. Stupid, stupid heart.
Steve tried to hold his glare but he gave up when Bucky raised his eyebrows at him. “You’re an asshole.”
Thor nodded around a mouthful of melted cheese. “Eric and Jane have welcomed several hundred of my people in the Norse town of Tromso. The Lady Sif has declared it to be much like our home. Thus far they are settling in well.”
“While this is very interesting, I don’t see what this has to do with the cult of Set that has sprung up on earth under our noses.” Fury sounded like he was crushing glass.
“Bear Grylls is a cool guy,” Sam said, frowning at Dean. “He’s a survivalist.”
Cooper nodded. “That’s better.”
A hand touched his shoulder. “I’m so glad I found you, Tony.” His newly non-existent heart was apparently having some kind of emotions.
Steve’s shoulders slumped. “So stealing the Reality Stone is our only course of action?”
“Mr….Dr. Stark, we have spent a few days reading and discussing your proposed amendments to the Sokovia Accords.” The President of the Assembly stared at him. “We are prepared to vote on them.”
“I’m really not.” Tony stared out at the night sky.
Bruce dropped his arm across her shoulders. “Take it easy, Nat.”
Natasha lifted limpidly innocent eyes. “He’s been with me the entire time,” she said.
“Another amendment,” Bruce said. “
“What?” Tony was sure that he looked exceptionally unattractive right now with how his eyes were bugging out of his head. He stuck a finger in his ear and wiggled it a little. “I must be hearing things.”
Clint stood up with Nate on his hip and the older kids wrapped around his legs. “I’ll do whatever you need or want me to do to make this up to you.”
Suddenly an alarm blared, startling them all. “F.R.I.D.A.Y.? What’s going on?” Steve asked. That sound usually meant there was some sort of attack happening.
“I am still pretty pissed about Siberia,” Sam said. “Not gonna lie, man, that shit was wrong. I sent Tony to you as a friend. You fucked up.”
A gusty sigh was Tony’s reply. “’Tis true that Loki has not shown you his better side,” Thor admitted.
Tony yelled a little as he bounced on Bucky's shoulder. Then he realized that he had an incredible view of an incredible ass. So he amused himself with playing the drums against said ass as Bucky hauled him into the elevator.
“Lots of money.” Tony held up a finger. “World famous superhero.” He held up a second. “Hung like a horse.” He stuck up his middle finger.
Bucky moved his hand. “Not to worry, shit got real and that kinda went on the back burner. I’m okay for now.”
“King of Hell?” Dean looked around the room. “Seriously, does nobody know what’s going on in the world?” He threw his hands up.
“Bucky,” Steve agreed. “The moment he showed up, I forgot everything I’d experienced in this time. It was like I’d got some of my old life back and I didn’t need the people I’d met and bonded with in this one.”
Pepper gave them a wave as she left, the workshop doors slipping closed behind her. They both watched her going up the stairs.
“What?” Tony forced his eyes away from the arm and up to Bucky’s face.
“It will have to do,” Tony said. “But if you go back on your word, I promise that the bitch-slap Hulk rained down on your ass in New York will seem like a love-tap once I'm done with you.”
, and I had my mask on. You wouldn't recognize me.”
“Yeah,” Sam pointed at Scott. “What he said.”
“What?” Steve was astonished. “He never said…”
“I don’t…” Tony began.
Tony put his hand in the small of Steve’s back. “Deep breaths, babe,” he urged. “Think of it like it’s a movie. Not real.” He found it hard to watch, the desperate desolation in all of the faces.
“You need help, you call us.’ Tony gave Sam a card. “That number will give you direct access to F.R.I.D.A.Y.  I’ll get the call at once.”
Tony looked chagrined that he’d met someone who could out-asshole him. “I drank ambrosia when I was in Mímir's ell,” he said eventually. When none of them responded he huffed out a breath. “Am-bro-zee-aah.” He tilted his head to the side, obviously waiting for them to catch a clue.
“Right. Where would a one thousand pound, eight foot tall, green rage monster go for some peace and quiet?” He locked up his room and strolled down the corridor.
Tony’s laugh was bitter. “
“Peeeeppppp,” he whined. “Why are all my clothes so boring?”
However, thanks to my darling
Steve put up his hand. “Excuse the ignorance of the non-scientist, non-alien, but how can Loki’s child be the cause of the destruction of the universe?” He looked at Tony. “I thought you said the snake was the wall between our universe and Asgard.”
“She's disabling security protocols and dumping all the secrets onto the Internet,” Pierce said.
“My mother…” It hurt, Tony thought. It wasn’t supposed to hurt that his parents were dead. Not anymore.
“Now, Capybara, it’s not polite to talk outside of the bedroom,” Tony chided.
“We have to make sure the wall doesn’t come down,” Bruce said, frowning at something. “No, that’s not right. It should be cos not sine.” He battered at the touch screen, changing a couple of formulas.
Tony gave a fist-pump. “I am the most awesome of awesome things!” He held out his fist to Bruce.
Ross went pale, one hand clenching into a fist. “I’m the US Secretary of State,” he declared. “You cannot hold me hostage!”
“You’re not making any sense, Stark.” Bucky was looking at him with a narrowed gaze. “Sure you haven’t hit that thick head of yours on something and scrambled your brain?”
She nodded. “Thank you.”
“Hopefully Lucifer, that son of a bitch,” Dean growled, opening the other duffel. The knife he pulled out was impressive.
Natasha’s cool gaze met Bucky’s. “I wondered when you would remember me, James.” Her hand hovered over her thigh holster.
~~~~~~
Tony puffed out a breath. “Nothing to apologize for, seriously.” Emotions made him squirrelly and Steve was emoting all over the place like crazy.
It felt true as he saw Bruce put a hand on Bucky’s shoulder, bending over at the waist as he wheezed with laughter.
“Remember when I said magic isn’t mathematics?” Strange asked. Tony made an impatient ‘carry on’ gesture. “Mathematics however, in Jotunheim,
Thor shrugged. “You don't ask me about Jane, brother. It makes you uncomfortable and jealous; therefore I try to avoid speaking of our love when I am in your company.”
Loki hadn’t changed at all; Tony thought when he walked into the Situation Room.
“Three of the six stones are gone,” Bruce said. “Vision still has his. So that leaves the Soul Stone unaccounted for and the Time Stone.”
Tony snorted a laugh. “I should know better, being around Barton all this time.”
He absolutely was.
Dean’s mouth curved. “You have a way with words, Stark.”
Strange sighed. “Jörmungandr, can you please lead us to the place where you began your casting?”
“You have fun beating up the boys?” he asked her.
Tony could practically see the thunderclouds rolling across Thor’s face as he asked, “Then who pray tell do you suggest be the one to venture forth?” Thor sounded ominous. An ominous Thor was never a good thing.
Tony noticed the sandwich placed on the bench close to him and he snatched half of it up with a grunt. “I'm eating because I need to keep my blood sugar under control. Not because you're bringing me food,” he said.
“Yeah, LeeLoo, I get them when I’m too emotional.” Tony never talked down to them. He treated them with the respect their sharp young minds deserved.
“I believe that if we can get the natural gravity of our universe to repel the Asgardian universe, then we theoretically would be able to prevent them from colliding.” Bruce looked at Tony. “What do you think?”
“I’ll be back,” Tony said in a terrible Austrian accent.
Tony listened again to words that nobody else could hear. It made Steve clench his jaw. He wasn't jealous dammit.
“Says the Dean.”
“Other than him being my Rhodey to your Tony, no.” A tiny smile crossed Steve’s mouth. ‘And I think both Bucky and Jim would not be happy about that comparison.”
“I don’t!” Tony insisted. Then his shoulders slumped. “Well, I don’t
Yggdrasil said.
“Well,
“Sir,” Reed Richards was the first to hold out his hand. Tony saw the slight hesitation before Ross took it.
intimidated. Jörmungandr was easily twice as large as Skurge, his skin a pale ice-blue. Tony tried to see Loki in his face, but all he saw was death and violence.
He got into his car and sped off, ignoring the shouts of the reporters that he left behind.
“Because, you giant frosty bag of dicks, once the snake has swallowed up Asgard and Earth, then it will want more food. Tell me, where do you suppose it’s going to look next?” He paused, waiting for the asshole to catch up.
Tony took a deep breath. “I signed the original draft of the Accords because I agreed that superhumans needed to be governed. Despite the deep reservations that most of the team formerly known as the Avengers felt, I knew that the world would need to see us under some form of order.”
“Here goes nothing,” he murmured beneath his breath as he stepped into the tunnel.
“Can you find out, Thor?” Steve asked. “Contact those you know who have the stones. Ask them if they are still in their possession.”
he said.
“And that future freaked you out so much it sent you unconscious?”
Yggdrasil told him.
“We called it Code Green,” Tony said.
“Steve, words don’t mean anything.” Tony didn’t sound angry, he just sounded tired. “It goes both ways, you know. Do you trust me to fix Barnes? Do you trust me not to strike out one day and kill him?”
“Did you bring a sample?” Bruce asked, ever hopeful.
Bruce looked around the room. “I’m not sure I can explain the problems of quantum mechanics to all of you.”
The laughter turned of course, as it always did. His chest seized, breathing became an effort and his eyes filmed over with tears. Pepper hauled him into her arms, holding him as tightly as she could. Bruce wrapped himself around him from behind, his wiry arms surprisingly strong.
“How the hell does he
He wrapped his arms around Steve and Bucky. “Now would be good, Hot Chocolate.”
“No!” Tony sat up again. “I’m not crazy.”
services?” Loki said, smirking a little at Bucky. “My brother and the good Captain can beat each other to a bloody pulp, while you and I spar.”
Jörmungandr stood, squaring his shoulders. “
day!” Tony declared, channelling his inner Aragorn. He smoothed the back of Rhodey’s shirt. It had gotten a little crumpled in his sweaty fingers. “Thanks for lying down on the grenade for me, Petal.”
“How do you know?” Rhodey demanded. His glare was lethal as he stared at Strange. “Look at what he’s done to Tony!”
“Wanda.” Steve called her over. Tony hadn’t realized she was even there. Vision was close on her heels.
Barnes met his gaze squarely. Tony admired that courage. He sort of understood why Steve loved Barnes so much. “I remember all of them.”
“Not at all,” Tony said. “I am wired.” He was practically bouncing on his feet. “Did you know that Yggdrasil has only three roots and that all the worlds grew out of them?” He had so much that he wanted to tell them.
The cloak slipped away from Tony reluctantly. Steve could swear he heard it make a whimpering sound. It curled around Strange’s shoulders again, hanging limply around him. “I’ll be back when you’ve won.” He moved his hands, opening a door in the air in front of him. He stepped through the hole in space and time and vanished.
was a constant refrain.
Thor frowned. “The stones are powerful objects tied to different aspects of the universe. Each possesses unique capabilities that have been enhanced and altered by various alien civilizations over millennia.”
“Sushi is a delicacy, you Philistine,” Tony remonstrated. “Only cultured people get how awesome it is. Paired with champagne, there’s nothing better.”
Bucky straightened up, evidently used to the sound of command. Tony was both aroused and appalled. He was however, very naked so, sadly, his arousal showed.
“Say ‘fucking’ one more time, Clinton, please.” Bruce stood with a gurney ready. “Could you please help the idiot onto the stretcher?”
“Don’t know.” Steve kept his voice low so that only Bucky could hear him.
Steve just stared at him.
“If you are not angry then the Hulk does not appear?” T’Challa looked interested now, he hadn’t been briefed on this part of the presentation.
Steve’s shoulders slumped. “I’d like to have spent our last time together…together.” Bucky wrapped his arm around Steve’s waist, squeezing an offer of comfort.
” Skurge said.
“Wait just a minute!” Tony help up both hands. “What the hell is going on?”
Tony pushed himself away from the wall and sauntered towards Steve. It was hard for Steve to pick a spot to look at. “I’m not tired,” Tony murmured as he reached Steve.
His feet were on something, he noted. He couldn’t see what it was, but he felt like he was standing on a floor, slightly spongy, but dense. He turned in a slow circle. “This is amazing,” he breathed as glittering lights moved closer to him. It seemed as though he was about to be surrounded by a million fireflies.
“And only you would make it such a big
“No.” Tony stepped in front of him. “I’ll be taking point on this one.” He met Steve’s mutinous gaze. “I’m not negotiating on this one, Cap.” It was a small thing, but it was something he could do. Maybe he was thinking of this as his own atonement for the utter betrayal of his friendship of Steve. The memories were getting dimmer, but they still hurt.
him everything.” He took an aggressive step forward.
Bruce gave a rueful laugh and bumped his fist against Tony’s. “Science bros, huh?”
Tony gulped. “Fine!” he exclaimed, knowing he sounded more than a little manic. “Fine! One hundred percent, never been better.”
“Now what?” she asked.
“I'm afraid I don't have that information, Mr. Barnes.” She sounded almost apologetic.
Tony woke with a start when Steve put a hand on his knee. “They’re here,” Clint said, on his feet and heading for the elevator. “I’m going to meet them by the garage.”
“Fuck yeah,” Bucky breathed, grabbing onto Tony’s gauntlet like a lifeline.
“Unresolved Sexual Tension,” Tony explained with a flap of his hand. “I was literally drowning in pheromones.”
Tony had to agree with him.
“Gumdrop,” Tony said, suddenly fearful. “We don’t know what Extremis has done or not done.”
He didn’t get the Tesseract. He didn’t throw the world open to the Chitauri.
Steve nodded. “We’re all you’re ever going to need.”
“That is….surprisingly mature,” Vision noted. “I am more accustomed to your impulsive behavior.”
“What did she show him?” Steve asked. “He never told me.”
Steve glanced over, stared at Bucky’s profile. “Since they woke me up from the ice, he’s pretty much been my best friend.” He gave a low laugh. “Once we got past all the asshole posturing of course.” And it hadn’t only been Tony who’d been an asshole, Steve thought. He’d been a dick too.
He blinked.
And it wasn’t Sargent James Buchanan Barnes.
“You should have told him about Barnes.” Rhodes’ started the jet’s descent. “That was the worst thing you could have done to him.”
Loki nodded in reply. “He meant for me to lie with one of his wives and get her with child.” His mouth was tight, and his body a long line of misery.
“Of course,” Natasha inclined her head in that slow, stately way that made a person feel as though they’d been blessed by a queen.
“Crowley’s the King of Hell and he’s a douchebag,” Dean said. “He’s not going to stop us from keeping Lucifer in the Cage.”
“Ah, my faithful steed,” he crooned. “Ready to carry me off to my next adventure?” Tony knew he was avoiding thinking about the Steve/Bucky situation. He also knew that the Steve/Bucky situation was more than likely on its way to him.
“Did you see Thor or Loki on your way here?” Tony asked instead.
“That sounds incredibly creepy and invasive,” Sam said.
Steve stared at him. “Bucky’s not my boyfriend, Tony. He’s my brother."
“Can’t…” Tony gasped. “Chest. Heart. Hurts.” Before anyone could do anything more, the Iron Man suit flew into the room, knocking Pepper and Rhodey out of the way.
Bucky shook his head. “I have to start trusting people sometime, Steve. It may as well be the guy that Tony says is the second smartest person he knows.”
“I’m trying to make sense of this,” Clint said, frustrated fingers running through his hair. “What she’s saying, it sounds like a bunch of woo-woo magic crap, and while we’ve seen some crazy shit in our time here, I still believe that it’s all based on science.”
“Thanks Cap.” He said it softly, so that Steve knew he meant it.
Rhodey and Sam were teaching Wanda how to play poker. They seemed to be losing badly.
“You are really slow today,” Bucky noted, trailing his fingers down Steve’s back. “And spectacularly unobservant.”
Just then, his ride bumped down on a solid surface. Tony peered over the edge, not seeing anything.
Steve watched Tony playing the crowd like a Stradivarius. One after another, he bulldozed through the modifications, all amendments that he’d spoken with Tony about. Changes that Steve had actually suggested. That Sam had asked for. That protected Clint and his family.
Scott put up a hand. “Um, question?”
Her gaze swung to him. “Why not?” Her stillness was that of a wild animal anticipating an attack.
“You’re all ridiculous,” Coulson told them, but Tony could see the twinkle in his eyes.
“I’m guessing….” Clint began.
“I can help,” Tony insisted, desperate to see the changes Extremis had made. “I’m the king of living souls!” He threw his arms out wide and twirled. “I need a crown!”
Tony didn’t even want to know. The room they walked into was as large as the last one, but in this one, women and men were fucking on every surface. He couldn’t look away.
“Meh,” Tony tried to shrug, but Bucky’s bulk held him down. “I’m a selfish, petty man. There are many things I will tolerate in the quest for great sex.”
“Language!” Tony sang with glee. Steve wanted to wring his neck.
“Here.” Steve passed his football jacket to Tony, with a grin. “This will keep you warm.” Bucky’s snarl just made Steve grin harder. “Snooze, you lose, Buck.”
Tony hated him.
Clint met his gaze. “I should have sold it.”
“But you're....” Steve bit back the words. He
“Huh.” Bruce leaned forward with his elbows on his knees. “Wanda Maximoff magic or Stephen Strange magic?” he asked.
“It doesn’t.” There was no change in her tone or body language as she replied. “I’m a little upset with Tony Stark’s interference. It has made things complicated. But then, I am accustomed to thinking on my feet.” That vicious curve crossed her mouth again as she met Steve’s eyes. “I will succeed no matter what I have to do.”
He knew.
“I was always fucked,” Bucky said bluntly. “Unless they needed me to fuck a woman, they always made me the one who was fucked.”
Vision kept facing outside, silvered by moonlight. “Tony is very special to me. He is the closest thing to a father that I have. I will be most upset if you hurt him again.”
“A philosopher and a sage,” Strange said.
“Been here all along,” Tony slurred as he slid into unconsciousness.
“So she said her dream was about your future?” Bucky asked the question this time.
“It was a friend helping us out of a tight spot,” Steve said. He still looked mad, but he’d stepped a little in front of Tony anyway, protectiveness in every line of his body.
to be kidding me!” Tony folded his arms. “This is not fucking funny!”
Clint’s face crumpled and he let Bucky haul him in. He slumped against Bucky, arms loose around his waist. “God, I miss them
Tony gave a short nod. “I assume, like Dante’s Inferno, it’s levels of evil being punished?” he asked.
“If I say yes, will you go?” Bruce looked hopeful.
Steve’s arms tightened. “I don’t care about before. I’ve got you back and that’s all that matters.” He lifted his gaze to look at the other three. “It’s Bucky,” he said needlessly.
Tony wanted to run. “Rogers.” He forced the name out like a curse. “You and your prodigals all settled in?”
Tony felt the most at home in his workshop. DUM-E kept twitching at him, poking him and beeping in increasingly concerned whines.
“I’ve spent years carefully nurturing my image,” Bruce agreed. “It’s easier than you’d think.”
“Well shit, it seems like HYDRA must have picked up your buddy when he fell off the train, Steve.  Must’ve brainwashed him or something.” Tony patted Steve’s arm absently. “Don’t worry about it. If he’s anything like you, we’ll fix him up when we get him back.”
“Firstly, that’s a big, fat lie,” Tony told him. “You’d be all sad-eyed Capsicle and his miserable one-armed mercenary.” He heard Bucky stifle a laugh. “Secondly, I’d be an utter moron to say no, and we all know that I’m no moron.”
“Wait.” Lucifer held up a hand. “Are you sure I cannot persuade you to release me?” He reached behind him and tugged someone forward. “Release us?” The other occupant was a young man, about mid-twenties, with haunted eyes and a gaunt face.
“You called me a man in a tin suit,” Tony reminded him, pouting a little.
“Hands off the merchandise,” Tony said. “I’ve told you this before, Trouble.”
Tony sighed. “Don’t be difficult, Capsicle. It’s your job. You should go and do it.”
The smirk became a smile. “Tony, who else?” He motioned for Steve to sit. “So, talk.” His gaze was very steady on Steve.
Sam blinked. “What?” He frowned. “A tree?”
~~~O~~~~
Thor returned with news of Thanos. “I used Stormbreaker to cut off his head!” He boomed, following the announcement with a graphic sound. Everyone winced.
“Did he say where they were?” Steve asked, desperate for any information.
Tony tried to set Skurge's bald head on fire with his mind. Why did everyone pick on him? He didn't talk
Tony could relate to that.
Strange frowned. “You will deploy the spell and the Aether will magnify it and force Jörmungandr to retreat.” He sounded a little impatient.
Steve thought maybe Thor had a point. If humanity had known, or even suspected, what was coming, things might have turned out differently.
Tony looked at him sharply. “It’s done, Cap. There’s no turning this back. This is the world remade, and we have to learn to live in it.”
When it looked like he was going to start talking again, Pepper turned away. “Mr. Stark is waiting for you, follow me.”
“Remember, you promised, Tony. We do things…”
“Come on, buddy, let’s put you in a shower and get you a little more sober to face Steve.” Bucky hauled him to his feet, protesting.
Steve pinched him. “Stop it,” he said.
“You like women,” Tony pointed out.
Tony nodded wearily. “Yeah.” He met Steve’s gaze. “He wants to govern all superhumans by means of a register.”
Tony lay back on his bed. He hurt in places that shouldn’t hurt. His chest, his gut, his hands. Places that were his emotional touchstones. He rubbed at the scar that was his constant reminder of the person he’d once been.
Tony gaped at him. “Of course I do, Capsicle. I mean, you are our illustrious leader, aren’t you?”
Tony bent to his task, quickly immersed in the wires and circuits that let the world fade away, even if just for a while. He was just finishing up, praising his own brain, as usual. Joining the last few bits that would make Jim’s arm the most amazing thing he’d ever created.
~o0o~
He pushed Tony into the elevator. Bucky leaned against the closed elevator door so that Tony couldn’t leave again.
“He kept babbling about the end of the world.” The President accepted a glass of water. “I didn’t understand it all, he was muttering in a language I don’t know, but he’s scared shitless.” He stood with a sigh. “I think you should get in there as quickly as you can, because, anything that makes someone like him afraid, should be something we’re concerned about.”
Tony. The one without barriers and shields up. “Thanks for the offer, but I’m really doing o….”
He was going to have to face the music eventually.
Steve’s smile widened as Tony muttered under his breath about sassy super soldiers. He asked F.R.I.D.A.Y. to place their order, including the promise of a bonus if they put a rush on it.
“Why didn’t you tell Tony?” Bruce countered. Steve could see that something fundamental had changed inside him. That he could now control the Hulk, without fear for anyone’s safety, had made an astonishing difference to him.
Dean’s question had them all turning to look at him.
“Stop pretending you didn’t spot the use of past tense,” Tony said. “Safe to say that isn’t the case anymore.”
“For god’s sake, you look like a bad gay porno!” Rhodey yelled. “We
Natasha and Bruce were huddled together by the piano, Bruce playing some melancholy thing that seemed to weep through the air.
Steve smiled down at him, rubbing his thumb slowly around Tony’s hole. “I kinda got that part, Tony.”
“Well, wherever Bucky goes, I go,” Steve said, taking a step off the plane.
“As long as we get to butt butts then I’m okay with that,” Tony said.
“Fight with the Hulk?” Tony wondered if he was actually in an alternate universe. “Steve, I fucking watched you die over a month ago.”
“Like somebody cut out my heart and threw it away.” Tony barely knew what he was saying.
“I don’t read the hearts of men, James.” It was surprising how kindly Crowley spoke to Bucky. “I only process the souls that belong to me or those who are sent.”
“The what?” Steve frowned.
Tony felt that squirrelly feeling twist deep inside again. “I didn’t mean to exclude him.” He wanted to
Steve, Clint and Sam followed her to the living room. Steve stopped in his tracks when he saw who was there. There was a comical sort of concertina behind him as Clint and Sam walked into him. “What the hell, man?” Clint complained.
“Mine’s bigger,” Tony assured him. “Don’t need to look, I’m a billionaire.”
“Huh.” Tony propped his chin on his hand. “That suddenly makes a lot of sense.”
“You almost died but instead of giving up, you not only survived, you’ve saved the world. More than once.” Steve hated the almost defeated expression in Tony’s gaze.
“Steve's gay?” Bruce stared at him. “Huh, that explains a whole hell of a lot actually.”
“Your AI said it was an anxiety attack.” Steve watched as Tony flinched away from them both. Bucky’s mouth went thin. Steve didn’t like Tony’s reaction either, but he knew Tony hated fussing. Especially when he was embarrassed.
“Calm down, drama queen,” Rhodey said. “He’s the prince of dicks, remember?”
“If you are quite finished?” Strange had a pinched look around his mouth.
“You went to a baseball game with Captain Rogers yesterday, sir.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. supplied.
Thor started pacing, fingers tapping a staccato beat on the chest-plate of his body-shield. “It's not
Sam tossed a lit match into the bowl and it sparked suddenly, flaming high and then gone. Tony stared at the bowl. There was nothing inside, no blood, no herbs, no match.
“I’d like it on the record just how much I hate Rhodey.” Tony rolled off the bed, stumbling to the bathroom.
“Welcome to the human race, Stevie.” Bucky smiled at him. It was small, but real.
“And yet, you love me,” Tony said.
Wanda and Vision came in via the same route as Sam. “We have to leave?” Vision asked, dropping softly to the landing platform.
Tony didn’t look at his eyes. They’d turned into pitiless flames. “Right now, I’m the only one here,” Tony pointed out. “And you can’t get out.”
“Even if the wish is in direct contradiction with the laws of science and nature,” Loki nodded, alarmingly forthcoming. It quite clearly was the Apocalypse.
Bucky rolled his eyes and squirted lube onto his fingers. The fingers on his metal arm. Yeah, Tony was totally discovering kinks he had no idea he had.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. please make a note that the double-slit experiment is wrong and that particles remain particles and are not observed as waves.”
Steve licked his lips. This was something he’d not dreamed of having. Somehow, someway, just that one tiny change, his arrival in Tony’s life before Rhodes found him, had changed everything.
“More like an hour and then you’ll be running around like a rabbit on steroids again,” Laura said.
” Jörmungandr stared at him.
Her eyes narrowed. “We do not have cooties.” Her voice was dangerously low.
Crowley,” Dean told her.
“Same principle,” Tony said. “But there’s a metal element bound to the fiber that makes it stronger than any rope on the market today.” He handed one end to Sam. “You want to start the daisy chain, Sam? I’m guessing you’re taking point?”
“He got back about an hour ago, with Pete.”
Clint went to sit by Natasha and Bruce. “Now that we’re together, I have a request.” Because it was Clint, because of what he was going through, Tony reckoned they’d do almost anything to help.
“Tony Stark is…”
It was just that simple, Tony thought. He was in love with the person who’d been used to kill his parents, and he didn’t care. He was in love with the person who’d been ordered to murder countless hundreds, and he didn’t care.
“Stop sharing with me if you don’t want me to call you on it,” Rhodey said. “So, Bucky huh?”
He sighed. “So even Bruce is getting action now.” He plopped down onto the nearest stool. “I’m doomed to die alone.” He spun in a sad, pathetic circle.
Tony decided that F.R.I.D.A.Y. needed a realignment of priorities. “Did that crappy AI of mine tell
“That’s not poss….” Steve’s voice trailed off as he watched in horror as a bomb or a missile hit Tony’s Malibu home, and the side of the cliff just started collapsing. “We need to get there!” He felt sick to his stomach, praying that Tony hadn’t been there. He spotted the suit and felt a moment of relief until he saw that it was Pepper wearing it and she was helping a woman he didn’t recognize out of the house.
“Fair enough,” Steve agreed. “But you have to promise to take better care of yourself and not
Thor stood and started pacing. “What you are suggesting is that despite the stones being placed in vessels of protection and scattered to the far corners of the universe, they are unsafe?”
Strange watched as his own hair fluttered in an invisible breeze. “Not at the moment, no.”
“She’s getting more and more aware all the time,” Bruce whispered to Steve.
Tony shrugged. It made him visibly uncomfortable. “I’m not exactly the poster boy for the superhero club,” he said.
Weirder.
“Well, that was lovely,” Clint said. “Nothing says I miss you like a pissed-off, infinitely powerful being.”
Bruce stood, walking over to Tony. He dropped his palms on Tony’s shoulders. “How can I help?”
“Yes sir,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. replied. “I should warn you that Captain Rogers is making his way downstairs.”
“What shit are you trying to pull, Rogers?” Bucky was a hammer, blunt and brutal. “You’re upsetting Tony and pissing Bruce off.” He looked apologetically at a serenely calm Bruce who shrugged.
Steve’s eyes narrowed. “Why are you supporting him in this?” he asked Coulson. Tony held his breath. Coulson and Bruce were the only ones who knew why he was here, that he was here at all.
The cloak backed away, dragging back to where Strange was sitting. If Steve thought it was possible, it seemed as though it was hurt.
Steve did that big dumb blond aw shucks shtick that nobody believed any more. The fucker winked at Tony!
“Not long enough,” she growled. “You about ready for your journey to the Empty?”
“Why are you
blame me.” Bruce’s face was set.
Bucky grinned. “Don’t try to pretend you don’t dig a little crazy, Steve. I mean, look at who you chose for a best friend.” Steve glared at him. He was surrounded by cocky assholes.
“Or?” Tony asked, finally taking her slender hand. Her grip was surprisingly strong.
Tony really hated
“As do you,” Pepper said. She ignored the scowl Steve sent her way. “Now, report please, Captain Rogers.”
“Captain Rogers, Agent’s Barton and Romanoff and Airman Wilson are indeed in the residence,” Vision said, looking over Tony’s shoulder. “Sergeant Barnes.”
“That’s his name, Tony,” Steve explained as though talking to a child.
“Well…” Bruce said, squaring his shoulders a little. “I maybe, perhaps, sorta already know where it is?”
Tony kissed him quickly, skipping out of Steve’s reach with a gleeful cackle. “Because you love me,” he sang. “I am the wind beneath your wings.”
I’m a big guy,” Barnes agreed. “Back then, there wasn’t much food, so I was kinda skinny.”
“Like me.” Clint met Tony’s eyes. “You guys kept telling me that it wasn’t my fault.”
Well that sounded foreboding, Tony thought. It might mean that Jörmungandr wasn’t going to get away scot-free.
Steve tried to focus on carrying Tony to his bed without tripping over his feet and breaking something a little more important than his brain. “Top Gun?” he asked. Tony’s pop culture quizzes were fun, but he thought that this wasn’t really the time.
Tony sat in the kitchen, nursing his coffee and trying to wrap his mind around the fact that Steve Rogers, Captain America, Bastion of Morality had not only kissed him silly but had basically outed himself to Tony.
“Probability is small,” Strange muttered.
“So, dickhead, you finished crying into your whiskey?” Her rasping drawl had him grinning.
He peed and then got into the shower, grimacing a little as his slightly older body reminded him that he’d been up to something last night. And this morning. He started grinning.
“Well, I
“Or you could just ask F.R.I.D.A.Y.” The machine burbled into life at Tony’s words. He stood in front of it, wondering if intravenous coffee drips would become a thing one day.
Clint stifled a yawn and then snuggled a bit further into the huge bean-bag he’d appropriated. “I thought that was me?”
“That must have gone down well,” Rhodes mused. “Howard was a dickhead.”
Bucky put a hand on his chest as though to reassure himself. “You made it.”
Grunted.
Tony scrubbed a hand through his hair. “It appears that the torch our fearless leader has been carrying for seventy plus years, isn't for the hot, plucky Peggy Carter, but for the hot, plucky James Buchanan Barnes.”
And the thing was, Tony
Tony narrowed his gaze, holding up a hand when Richards would have stepped forward. “Many of
Steve already knew.
Steve squared his shoulders, snapping his shield across his back. “Right. Let’s get this done.”
“You weren’t trying to kill me,” Steve assured him.
“Point,” Tony acknowledged. “So how long is this going to take?”
“I bet it works,” Tony protested. “We just need to make sure to tell the Collector the reason why we need it.” Because reasoning with immortal beings was their strong suit.
“I’ve met him.” Sam lifted his head. “He possessed me some time back. Locked me up in the Cage with him for a while. It broke something in me.”
“It’s a guaran-damn-tee.” Steve wasn’t one to make an entrance, but when he did, it was a doozy. Tony wanted to jump up and down, pointing and squealing like a teenaged girl. “We come as a set.”
~~~~~~
They trooped into the elevator, giving the controls to F.R.I.D.A.Y. They filed out at each floor, Clint, then Coulson and the Winchesters, Bruce and Natasha, and then finally Tony, Steve and Bucky were alone.
“He was pulling his punches?” Bucky gave an incredulous laugh. “I have bruises that lasted for days and one less arm that would disagree with you, Natalia.”
“Kid kids,” Tony insisted, heading down the stairs to the kitchen. Bucky and Steve trailed him, Steve still apparently hovering. “I know all the cool new jargon.”
“Steve.” Tony pressed his palms to Steve’s cheeks. “I’m home. I’m safe. We won.” He knew Tony could see the residual fear in his eyes as he stared down at him.
Tony stuck his tongue out at her. “You’re a mean woman, Potts.”
“Are you kidding? With Thaddeus Ross the mastermind behind it, there was always a hidden agenda.” Bruce took off his glasses, cleaned them absently with the bottom of his shirt. “But then Tony sent me the revisions, the proof he had of what Ross planned to do. I couldn’t stay out of it then. He was out there, facing them on his own.”
Suddenly Jim looked like the caged animal he had been while under Hydra’s control. “I can’t, Tony. I can’t see him. I’m not ready.” Even without one arm, James Barnes looked lethal.
He stood opposite Tony and Bruce, his eyes narrow and promising swift retribution. “I suggest you never sleep again, Stark,” he mumbled.
“He has had a vision,” Loki said. “He told Heimdall that Jörmungandr’s plan would not only destroy this universe, but all others.”
Tony was okay with it being Barton. He plastered a grin on his face. “Well, if it isn’t Legolas,” he drawled.
“Sulking in your workroom like a baby?” Bucky asked, mouth quirked in that annoyingly smug and unfairly sexy grin. The one they saw so rarely that Tony counted each one of them.
Bucky’s smile widened. “You plan on jumping in front of me if there’s gunfire?”
Steve still didn’t understand. “Why Tony?” It was the question he’d wanted answered since he’d heard Bucky’s voice.
” It wasn’t a question.
Steve struggled with the thought that Bucky had felt safer with Tony than with him. “Then why didn’t you call later, let me know you were okay at least?”
Tony wanted to look away.
The king nodded to them and spun on his heel, flanked by two of his guards.
“You’re going with him?” Tony was a few steps behind the conversation it appeared.
“Yes, thank you for your concern, my friend.” Thor returned the shoulder-clasp. “My heart has been heavy with grief. We mourned Steve Rogers in feast and song in Asgard.”
Tony flipped him off. “Fuck you,” he said. “I’m a delight.”
“That is perhaps the most true thing you have ever said, Captain.” Wanda looked at Natasha. “Come, sit with me, дорогая, let me ease your pain.”
That only brought the vision of a huge man in a leather mask and nothing else; ramming his cock into a sobbing man’s anus over and over again, blood pooling beneath their thighs.
“Systems are at ninety percent, sir.” Whoah. Hulk had
“I know a Wolverine,” Clint offered with a grin, setting them off again.
Good thing Tony was an expert in disarming bombs. He'd certainly made enough of them.
Steve dropped an arm around his shoulders. He didn’t say anything, just walked beside Tony, a broad, solid presence that grounded him like nothing else had ever done.
There were a few minutes of silence as Bruce read through the amendments of the amendments. He looked up at Tony. “Agreed to no jail-time for the rogue Avengers,” he said.
“You shouldn’t be too hard on Tony.” Bucky’s first words since they stepped outside took Steve by surprise.
“Shield brethren,” Thor said. “While I am delighted to see that you are well on the road to making amends for the tragedy that has split our unusual family apart, there are things of great import to discuss.”
“It purred at me,” Tony explained as Pepper made her way down the stairs towards the team. “It reminded me of my cat.”
“God, you’re both so fucking gorgeous,” Tony breathed, a hand on each of them. He watched them kiss each other.
Rhodes came towards them. “I can’t find Sam. What is this? What the hell is happening?” His face was grey and gaunt, aged ten years in ten seconds.
“Up, up and away!” Tony sang, bulleting up into the sky with cargo that was more precious than anything he’d ever owned.
“I’ll stop you before you hurt anyone,” Steve promised. He dropped a hand onto the nape of Tony’s neck. It made Tony want to purr.
“We have a history.” Strange seemed to feel that this explanation was sufficient.
It was much later, after the laughter and relief at having managed to avert an apocalypse, that Tony allowed Steve to lead him to their suite. They had a suite, a place that he and Tony had built together.
“They have the King of Hell on speed-dial,” Bucky offered.
“I get the guy!” Tony crowed. “He wants to bang me like a drum!” He delighted in saying things like this to Rhodey. His reactions were always so satisfying.
He turned to look at Steve. “Finally.” The smile had reached his eyes and they were so very fond.
“You make absolutely no sense, you know that, right?” Steve said in his ear.
“You’re
Tony looked up, frowning. “That thing, that assassin, is that your friend?” Alarm bells started going off in the bunker and they started running. “Never mind, we can talk about that later. Let’s try not to get killed first, okay?”
The arch glance beneath almost-flirty eyelashes had Tony stopping. “None of them are yours,” he rasped. “I don’t care what you think is going to happen, but
Tony clasped a hand to his chest. “Woman, your tongue should be registered as a lethal weapon!” He felt a real smile cross his lips for the first time in months. “Seriously though, thank you for being here.” He looked at the others in the room. “
“You are so full of shit,” Bucky told him, holding up a hand when Tony opened his mouth to object. “You are moody and difficult and arrogant. You ignore people who care about you.”
Steve didn’t want to know. He kept his gaze away from whatever silent exchange was happening.
“He’s still your friend,” Sam reminded him.
“I heard that people often get lucky at weddings,” Tony said as he swayed in Bucky’s arms. “Do you think I have a chance?”
Steve squared his shoulders. “I guess I should go talk to them.”
“You have a filthy mind, Stark,” Bucky told him, crowding him against the rear of the elevator. He leaned in and kissed him, opening Tony’s mouth and sweeping in.
Yep, the whimpering was definitely him.
“This is all your fault.” Fury pointed at Tony.
A low, soft laugh echoed through the night.
together anymore.
” Jörmungandr warned. “
Bucky’s eyes closed. “Wake me up when we get home,” he said, ignoring Tony’s threat.
“That’s not all I’ve got,” Bucky said with a wicked eyebrow waggle. Tony just wanted to kiss him.
Dean grunted a laugh as Tony flapped a hand. “Please, as if you’ll be able to resist all this.”
“He’s so high,” Clint cackled. “I should be recording this.”
Tony sat down carefully, hoping that the chair didn’t collapse beneath the weight of the suit, because landing on his ass in front of Loki would be
“I, however, am limitless,” Tony said with a wink at Loki. “You up for a little Midgardian experimenting?” He had no idea what the hell he was doing, but as usual, when it involved Steve, things were fucked up.
“But I’ll feel better,” Bucky said with a grin. Tony gave a puff of laughter as he dismantled the suit, folding it down into its suitcase size.
Tony sucked in a breath, trying to keep calm. “Secretary Ross wants you both prosecuted. Had to give him something.” They all watched as Captain America’s shield and Wilson’s wings were carted away.
“But they do,” Bruce said. “And I blame myself. Feel guilty for things the Hulk does while he’s wearing my skin.”
“I’m not ready,” Tony admitted.
Tony sighed. Sassy Steve had been put away and it looked like Serious Steve was back in the building.
Bucky mumbled something in German and shuffled closer, his face mashed against Tony’s neck.
“Lila Barton, that is about the rudest thing I’ve ever heard you say!” Laura’s hands were propped on her hips. “Now you apologize immediately!”
” He gestured to Skurge. “
Tony thought about that for a moment. “Huh.” It sounded logical. Vision wasn’t human, but he wasn’t alien either. “I think you’d be right.”
“It would have made no difference to the mission,” Strange said. “It would merely have made you and your friends afraid.”
“I’m not hungry,” Tony insisted, bottom lip jutting out in a pout that shouldn’t be adorable on a man of his age, even as he took a huge bite out of one half.
