Bobby spluttered indignantly for a moment, still trying to gripe at Dean, before he gave up the macho act.  Hiis rough hands lifted quickly and he gripped Dean around the ribs tightly.  He buried his face into Dean’s shoulder and Dean smiled at the feeling of his rough stubble against his neck..  “You damn idjit!”  He muttered into the fabric of Dean’s shirt.
How long had he waited for John to give him this kind of encouragement?  And honestly, everything he was saying made… a lot of sense.  A lot more sense than Dean developing a friendship with a giant magical bird that lived in the desert.  Had he been put under some kind of enchantment?  An hour ago he would have denied it vehemently, but now… he wasn’t so sure.
It took him a few minutes, but eventually he calmed himself down enough to respond to Cas’s question.  “I guess if those are my options, then yes.”  He finally managed to gasp out.
Sam may be sick, but he was raised by a Hunter.  So, first things first, he needed to let Sam know that he might be leaving for a while.  He couldn’t risk Sam or Bobby trying to find him, who knew what Castiel would do if they tracked him down.  He might reverse whatever cure he would give to Sam.  No, Dean couldn’t risk it.  He had to come up with something to tell Sam.
He sat upright slowly and looked around himself cautiously.  He couldn’t see anything out of the ordinary, but that wasn’t surprising since it was still dark outside and there weren’t any lights on this stretch of road.  The moon was large and full and that provided a little bit of light, but not much.  John would kill him if he knew that Dean was laying on the side of the road in the the middle of a dark fucking forest without a weapon.  Hadn’t Dean JUST been chastising himself for not having a weapon within reach?
Bobby offered to get them all coffee.  It was late and Dean’s story wasn’t a short one.  And while Bobby and Sam had allowed Dean to skirt certain details and skim over portions of the tale, it wasn’t likely that John would be as gracious.  The brothers accepted the offer happily but John had immediately declined and asked for a whiskey instead.  Bobby and Dean shared a pointed look but neither commented on the request as Bobby went to comply.
They had managed just fine for a long time doing the chest manipulations with Dean clapping the shit out of Sam’s chest and back twice a day.  Dean had been happy to do it, Sam was his responsibility and it never felt like a burden.  But, he would admit that having the vest now was nice.  It worked just as well, if not better than the manual method and it saved a shit ton of time.  Plus, Dean’s wrists didn’t ache anymore.
He never could seem to get a good deep breath in the city.  Van was a nightmare on a good day, that’s why they lived outside the main drag of the city.  He inhaled again and let the air settle into his lungs.  A cool summer breeze drifted in through his open window and he turned his face towards it.  The forest wouldn’t judge him for a mini breakdown.  He could let the wind soothe his fears, he could let the trees see his sadness, the birds and the insects could hear his shaking breaths and quiet curses.  The forest would take that from him so he didn’t have to shoulder the burden of it all alone.
Dean squirmed a little in his seat.  “I already told you, I’m not sure.  He like… flew me somehow to somewhere else.  The desert or something.  I’ve been living in this like, clay mansion built into a cliff for the last few months.
All eyes turned to the youngest Winchester and Sam gave them all a lopsided grin.  Sam trotted quickly back to the picnic table and grabbed the unopened case of beer with the large red bow on it.  Dean felt a warmth in his chest as Sam brought it back with him sheepishly.  They looked at one another for a moment before Dean took the case from Sam.
Behind him, Dean gave the back of his head an incredulous look.  That phrase practically SCREAMED there’s a fucking problem.  Not the best way to go about this.  Dean touched his cheek tenderly where Sam had basically knocked his teeth in.  It was going to bruise and he was hoping Bobby wouldn’t give him a matching one on the other side.
Dean thought about it.  How HAD work been?  He felt like he was running on autopilot a lot of the time.  He had so much on his mind on a near constant basis that the real world often shuffled out of focus and he just moved through his day without conscious thought.  What had he worked on…?
Dean eyed the situation nervously.  Could he leave them all like this in some kind of high noon shootout situation?  John and Bobby looked positively murderous and Sam was looking more and more uneasy the longer Dean assessed the situation.  Dean apparently hesitated for a moment too long though because just as he opened his mouth to protest, Cas snapped at him again.
Dean had made sure that Sam took his pills at dinner, even though Sam had groused at him that he was an adult and he could manage on his own.  Dean had then made sure that Sam put on his vest before bed, and again Sam had groused that he was an adult and could do it on his own.  Dean always listened to his bitching with half an ear, it was his job to make sure that Sam was taken care of and he was damned if he was going to shirk his responsibility now, whether Sam thought he was an adult or not.
Dean sat heavily in a chair next to Sam’s bed and he rested his forehead in his hands.  Sam was an adult and he knew better than to keep things related to his condition to himself.  He likely was just trying to save Dean some heartache, though the logic of that wasn’t completely there.  It wasn’t often that the brothers had these heart-to-heart moments.  But, with everything that had happened, Dean’s panic attack and his late night/early morning conversation with a possibly imaginary bird monster… He needed to be frank with his brother.
Dean chuckled lightly and stood to obey.  From the table, Sam tossed a teasing remark his way about the bags under his eyes.  He flipped his brother off over his shoulder and laughed lightly as he helped Bobby crack a few eggs.  The mood in the house had lightened considerably and Dean felt the anxiety in his chest lessen.  He knew that John would likely be kinder for now than he had been, but he seriously doubted that John was going to let any of this go.  But, as long as he wasn’t alone with the man, then things should be alright at least for another week or so.  He had around two weeks left before Cas was going to pick him up.  And he was bound and determined to enjoy them.
There was fury on John’s face and then a flash of something dangerous in his eyes at Sam’s last statement.  “What do you mean… visit?”  He asked quietly.
Sam beamed at the bird brightly and stood from his place at the table.  “I hear I have you to thank for that?”  He approached Cas cautiously until he stood level with Dean, who was just a few feet in front of him.
“Uh, sure.  Whatever, Cas.”  He attempted to blow off the question.  He didn’t have the brainpower to deal with that right now.  He had no idea what time it was, how long they’d flown, where they even were.  When had he last eaten?  Was Sam awake yet?  Had he and Bobby realized that Dean was- nope, gonna stop that right there.
Castiel was silent for a moment.  Dean was annoyed with his comment.  He’d been doing his best to keep upbeat about this whole situation, he’d even gone out of his way to ignore the fact that he’d just given up his entire fucking life to be here.  And now this asshole wanted to tell him it was nice that he was here?  Fuck that.
Dean sighed to himself as he poured himself a cup of black coffee.  “Yeah, I know.  Don’t tell dad.”  He muttered in reply.
“I’m sorry, Sammy.”  He said quietly and patted one of Sam’s large hands as it lay over his stomach.
. He linked his fingers together and rested his chin on them.  He often wished his mom was here to give him advice.  But, in all the years since she’d died, she hadn’t ever answered him.  He may as well get up; he wouldn’t be able to sleep anymore tonight.
“Mornin’ old-timer!”  Dean greeted him with his rough morning voice.  He coughed slightly to clear his throat.
Dean blinked stupidly at it before his brain finally caught up with him. The arm holding his gun snapped upright immediately and he leveled the barrel of the revolver at the creature's chest.
Dean was breathing heavily, rage coursed through his muscles.  Sam’s fury matched his own and the two regarded each other with fire in their eyes.  This was absolutely not how Dean had intended for their reunion to go, but he honestly wasn’t all that surprised.  He just should have thought this through a little better.
“Well, excuse me if I don’t find that all that fucking comforting!”  Dean muttered through gritted teeth.
Sam stood quickly and reached down to pull Dean to his feet.  Dean staggered for a moment before he was able to gain his balance and look up at his brother.  Or at least, he assumed it was his brother.  He certainly had Sam’s features, but this Sam had gained a staggering amount of weight and muscle and looked like he could bench-press a full-grown man.  His Sam had been tall, but weak and frail, looking more like a skeleton than a man.  Whatever mojo Cas had worked, it had worked fucking wonders on his kid brother.
Dean tensed further.  Apparently, they weren’t even going to dance around the subject.  He nodded a few times in agreement which seemed to satisfy John well enough.
Dean thought with a shrug. The jokes weren't ever particularly funny, but it was a coping mechanism for him.
He looked around his bedroom with a detached feeling.  He’d lived in here for years, but somehow he’d never really made it feel like his own space.  His clothes hung in the closet, his weapons lined the walls.  But, other than a battered copy of a Kurt Vonnegut book and a couple of photo frames on his bedside table… there wasn’t anything.  It was almost like he hadn’t ever really been here.  Sam’s room was the opposite, books littered every surface, trinkets he’d collected over the years on his dresser, small pieces of seeming garbage that held nostalgic significance to him.  Dean hadn’t ever thought about the fact that he’d never collected any of those kinds of things.  But, here he was with the evidence, or lack thereof.
Sam was quiet as he absorbed this information.  Dean could hear his brother tapping his fingers lightly against his mug.  “Why… Why did you do this?”  He spoke so softly that Dean almost didn’t hear him.
Dean still hadn’t let Sam or Bobby know that he wasn’t home for good.  He had a little less than 3 weeks left and he wasn’t sure how to broach the subject now.  Sam had been researching feverishly since he’d gotten feedback from Dean regarding Big Bird.  He wasn’t convinced that Cas wasn’t some kind of supernatural being that they’d never heard of yet, but he was doing everything he could to figure it out. Dean was just glad that he hadn’t harassed him again on the subject, though he suspected that it was coming.
He stopped walking and waited against a wall with crossed arms and a frown.  Sure enough, after another minute, Castiel’s large form came into view around a corner.  The clacking of his large talons against the clay floor slowed as he saw Dean.  Dean refused to feel relief when he spied the large bird.  He would have gotten where he was going eventually.  He hadn’t NEEDED help, but he never looked a gift horse in the mouth.  Though, something about seeing the large bird right now was rubbing him the wrong way.
Once he’d finished explaining everything, he dropped his eyes to the floor in exhaustion.  He’d been busting his ass the last few days trying to make sure everything was prepared for his absence and he wanted nothing more than to sleep.  It wasn’t time for that though, he still had a few things to do.
“Yeah, I got that part.” Dean mocked. “But I'm fine and I don't know what you think you're going to help with.”
Firstly, Sam's condition is based on cystic fibrosis, and while it is a VERY serious condition, the prognosis now is much better than it's ever been.
Dean was finishing his flossing when he heard the first coughs from Sam ring out through the house.  Dean nodded to himself without thinking about it, right on time.  He moved around the upper floor of their house, where the bedrooms were, lazily.  He should have folded the laundry that had finished running that evening but he just wasn’t that interested in doing it right now.  He found that he was exhausted for some reason.
Dean followed suit and stood as well.  Honestly, this whole conversation was RICH coming from Sam, who had made ignoring John Winchester an Olympic sport.
From that point onward, Dean had a designated night for Castiel to tell him tales of his youth.  It was a nice break from the movies and music, and while it embarrassed him to be the center of Dean’s full attention, he did enjoy the way the man’s eyes sparkled as he recounted a tale.
Sam was going to die.  No matter how many things he smashed, no matter how angry he was, no matter many times he’d begged and pleaded with God to make things different.  Dean couldn’t change any of it.  He was an umbrella trying to hold back the hurricane that was Sam’s illness.  He buried his face in his knees and hugged them tightly to himself.  “I’m not ready, I’m not ready for this!”  His voice sounded like a gunshot in the silence of his room.
“He’s tired, so try to keep it brief. Dr. Barnes will be in shortly.” She hesitated before touching each of them gently on the shoulder and giving them a quiet goodbye.
John seated himself in the chair Bobby had previously occupied and looked at his sons expectantly.  Dean gulped nervously but there wasn’t much to be done now, John expected an explanation.  He put on a brave face and smiled tightly at his father.  Fuck.
The door opened then and an attractive brunette in a lab coat walked in. She gave them all a sly grin before slipping her hands into her coat pockets.
He’d been here for almost 2 months now, as best as he could tell anyway.  And he was going stir crazy.  He needed to go out and DO something.  He’d been raised as a Hunter and a Caretaker, and now he was just a glorified trophy wife.
Castiel shuffled his shoulders before extending a single wing through the door frame.  Dean kept himself from cringing backwards from the feathers reaching towards him.  It went against his nature as a Hunter to allow whatever this was to touch him without a fight but he had agreed to this.  As the first primary feather pressed gently against his chest a white light flared around him.  He closed his eyes to the blinding light and when he opened them again, he and Castiel were standing in Sam’s bedroom.
It felt like an eternity that he sat out there, fingers aching where they held tightly to the loose gravel and dirt of the shoulder of the road and knees screaming at him.  Eventually though, his tears dried against his cheeks and he sat back against his heels.  He felt weak, drained of everything that gave him the motivation to keep going.  What did it matter really?  Sam was dying and Dean realized with a start that he was too.  With every infection in Sam’s lungs, with every close call they experienced, every doctor’s visit, every new prescription that was filled…  Dean was dying too.
Dean nodded in agreement with a half smile of his own while he opened cans.  It had been cool, even if the old fart that owned it hadn’t taken care of it for years.  It was a shame really, why did good cars happen to bad people?
It took Dean a moment before he shook his head and trotted after the bird.  “I just meant, are there uh, others here?  Others of your kind?”
Dean rolled his eyes. He should have known he was going to get a backwards ass answer like that. This damn thing hadn't made sense for the last hour.
“Dad.”  The brothers said in unison, both sounding as if the devil himself had shown up at the door.
Dean thought in a panic.  He hadn’t planned on telling them that he was leaving so soon… He could lie?  No, Bobby was like a human lie detector and Sam could sniff out bullshit a mile away.  Fuuuuuuuuuck.
Castiel tilted his head at him in confusion, but didn’t comment on Dean’s reaction.  Instead, he did his strange hop down the hall and Dean followed steadily after him.  Dean was still giggling now and then, and he was happy to note that the sound seemed to further confuse his warden.  His headache was still pounding at him relentlessly but the laugh had felt good, it had relieved a small knot of tension in his gut he’d had all day.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek in irritation.  Just like the old man, to try and pretend that everything was hunky-dory.  “Super.”  He responded flatly.
The sentence trailed off as if the creature was unsure of how to explain itself. Dean felt a lip curl as it spoke.
He gulped against a painful throat and hung his head.  Mary had been gone for a long time.  John could be dead now for all he knew.  Sam would be dead soon.  Dean would cease living when that happened.  It wouldn’t be long before there weren’t any Winchesters left…
He took a long pull from the glass of water at his side and grinned boyishly at the bird across from him.  “Thanks, Cas.”  He cleared his throat a little.  “I really appreciate this, really.”
How the Hell had they gotten in here?  Dean looked in surprise over at Castiel and couldn't understand how the large bird could fit inside the room.   In fact, looking at the image of the bird superimposed on the walls of the room was making him dizzy and he turned away from the sight quickly.  His stomach was in knots already from the lights and change of scenery, and he didn’t think Castiel would appreciate him ralphing all over his wings.
“Thanks a lot, Mr. Universe.  I’ll be sure to tell Arnold it’s a good thing he retired since you’ve clearly got your eye on the title.”  Dean sniped back to his brother.  He’d managed to take a shower and at least put on new clothes before he’d come back.  He didn’t want to raise Sam’s suspicions so he had to at least try to keep up appearances.
Dean felt tears track slowly from the corners of his eyes to pool inside the shells of his ears.  The feeling was uncomfortable but he couldn’t be bothered to move just yet.
Castiel nodded just as Dean began counting.  As soon as he’d said “2” he yanked hard on Cas’s wing and applied pressure to his back.  There was a gentle grinding and a soft pop as the bone snapped back into place.  Cas let out a surprised gasp of pain and flared his wings immediately.  They stretched together easily and he quickly settled them back against his body.  He tested the muscles on the left one experimentally for a moment before he was satisfied that it was back in place.
“See you tomorrow, bitch.”  Dean managed to squeak out through a throat that was slowly closing on him.  Sam gave him a strange look from his position on the bed and Dean did his best to ignore it.
It had taken Cas the rest of that day and the next before he was able to move his wing without too much pain.  Dean had been worried that he’d dreamt the whole exchange and that this wasn’t actually going to happen.  He’d tossed and turned at night, having nightmares that Cas would tell him the next day it had been some kind of fucked up joke.  During those dreams, he would come into contact with some warmth next to him in the bed that would always settle him.  He was thankful for it.
“Stop… staring at me.”  Sam said quietly from the bed.  He opened an eye and looked at Bobby before turning it onto Dean.  “You heard Pam… you can… yell at me tomorrow.”
Dean placed his hands on the arm of the chair he was in and leveraged himself upright. “Lemme guess, he inhaled too much of that product he puts in his hair?” Dean jokes casually with her.
He still had a few days before Castiel had said he would return.  And just in case, Dean needed to make some plans.  People often treated him like he was stupid.  He’d dropped out of high school and had very little book knowledge.  He wasn’t dumb though.  No, he would neve take the SAT’s or become a brain surgeon, but he had a practical knowledge that came from raising yourself and a sibling alone.  That was something that you couldn’t learn in school, and Dean had learned all of his lessons the hard way.  They were beat into his head, time and time again, sometimes by John, sometimes by life.  And so Dean knew, he needed to make plans.
He was in Sam’s room before he even realized he’d started moving.  He was at Sam’s side the next instant.  Sam was hunched over the edge of the bed, his vest still half strapped across his chest, and he had a hand pressed against his mouth tightly.  He had been trying to muffle the sound like an idiot and Dean filed that away so he could yell at him for it later.
That was apparently the final straw for Sam as well.  He stood angrily from the table, knocking his chair over behind him.  He was so tall and broad now that Dean hated to admit that he was a little intimidated by his size.
Dean seated himself across from Sam at the dark kitchen table.  The two sipped their coffees silently for a few minutes, both lost in their own thoughts.
“So, Dean…”  Sam began one morning.  Dean had been here for around a week at this point and Sam had finally stopped waking in a panic every morning, expecting his older brother to have disappeared in the night.
Maybe he HADN’T ever really been here.  He’d just been a placeholder for a parent they’d never had, a caregiver Sam had needed, but wouldn’t any longer.
“What could you need me for, Cas?”  Dean whispered to himself.  The question was gnawing at him like a rabid dog.  If he had the power to cure Sam then why did he even charge a price? And such a strange one at that.  He’d said that all he needed was Dean’s presence.  Was he just lonely?  He was a weird dude, for sure, but that was a bizarre motivation for all of this.  Surely he could just have grabbed someone, why all of the theatrics?
Sam was apparently not so sick that he couldn’t flip Dean the bird and Dean was happy to see it.  Sam stood on shaky legs and Dean was at his side immediately.  It was going to be a nightmare maneuvering his gargantuan form down the stairs but it wasn’t the first time he’d done it.
“Wait!”  Sam said desperately, as if he’d meant to speak for a while but hadn’t been able to find his voice.
No, he would work his case and go back to the clay mansion with Cas tomorrow morning. He scrubbed a hand through his hair and leafed through his duffle. He needed to wait until nightfall for this dead broad to show up. So, he had a few hours to entertain himself while he waited.
“You’re losing your reflexes, jerk.  I can’t believe I surprised you.”  Sam’s teasing tone lacked its normal bite.
Dean continued working with his stir fry, very aware of the pointed silence behind him.  Who gave a shit, let the birdbrain pout or whatever he was doing.  Dean had maybe overreacted but… dinner was kind of a special tradition between him and Sam.  Whether Sam felt that way or not didn’t matter.  And to have this fucking… ASSHOLE come in and start making sympathetic overtures when he was the entire reason that Dean was here!  No, he wasn’t going to be doing that shit.
A worn and faded rug lay beside the bed, likely in an attempt to warm up the surroundings.  Though it wasn’t doing a lot in that respect.  And on the opposite side of the room, there was a large copper… tub?  Dean frowned at the object.  He’d seen things like this in old-timey movies and he sincerely hoped it was for decoration.  He was going to have some problems if there wasn’t a functioning shower in this place.
Dean rolled his eyes and sighed angrily.  He rested his cheek into the palm of one hand and stared in irritation at his half-eaten meal.
Other than that, days were spent watching television and eating microwaved meals.  Dean and Bobby alternated cooking meals in the evenings and they all sat together eating and laughing like a family at the table.  It soothed something inside Dean that had been ragged for a long time.  Even when he’d been here before all of this they hadn’t really done things… like a family would.  Not like a normal family anyway.  Not since his mother had died.  And even if John wasn’t here, which was honestly a good thing, Bobby was more of a father figure to fill that position than John ever had been.
Dean tapped a work boot on the floor in irritation.  “So I’m what?  Just supposed to stay here and wait for you like some Navy wife?”
Dean excused himself to the kitchen to get a much needed glass of water.  This was more than he’d spoken all at once in what felt like years.  And even then it was only part of the story.  He smacked his lips together and sighed happily after chugging down the large glass.  He loved beer, but there was nothing quite like a cold glass of water to really hit the spot.
The grizzled man stood and stepped in front of Dean and Sam.  He eyed Cas up and down with his typical no-nonsense attitude and placed irritated hands on his hips.  “If you’ve got the power to cure and incurable disease, why did you needta abduct this boy here?”
They were on top of a fucking cliff!  Or more accurately they were INSIDE of a fucking cliff.  The building was built into the side of a mountain, and Dean hadn’t even realized.  He peeked nervously towards the edge that he had almost stepped off of.  The drop down turned his stomach, it was over 100 feet down easily.  He slammed his eyes shut and attempted to ground himself against the building at his back.
Dean nodded to that in agreement.  So, at least they had the basics.  “Yeah, well, despite that sounding like complete and utter bullshit, it was the truth.  The bird found me in the woods after Sam’s trip to the hospital that night.  I don’t know… why it found me, if it was just luck or something else, but whatever.  He made me an offer, and it sounded too good to be true, but… Well, after everything that’s happened, he was telling the truth.  He kept his word.”
“He said you’d been talking about a giant bird coming to miraculously heal him.  Which I would call bullshit on if he weren’t in front of me looking like he’d just competed in Mr. Universe.”  Bobby replied flatly.
Dean deflated immediately.  Fuck.  This was exactly the conversation he had been dreading since Sam had been let out of the hospital.  He had seen the anger simmering under the younger man’s skin for days now and had just been waiting for it to boil over.  Looks like it was going to be now and over a schoolyard rhyme.
“So, boy.  You thinkin’ about headin’ back to work at the garage anytime soon?”  Bobby asked casually over dinner one night.
“Maybe I would be feeling a little more comfortable if I could see you. Why not come into the light?” Dean asked casually. He was trying to play this off like he wasn't terrified.
Dean laughed at that. “Nothing personal, buddy. But, uh, can't say I've had good luck with disembodied voices promising impossible wishes in the past. You understand I'm sure.” This thing was unreal. It sounded surprised and sad when it said that.
Dean blinked at that a few times before taking Castiel at his word.  “Alright, sure.  But you CAN fly with those, right?”
“It was fine.  The usual, ya know?  Bobby was a grouchy ass and you know how much I love talking to customers.”  Dean said simply.  He grabbed a couple of cans down from the cabinets and pulled a package of meat out of the fridge so he could start working on dinner.  “I actually got to get under an Aston Martin DB5!  Thing was beat to hell but it was still awesome.”
Castiel shuffled towards the door on his large feet.  He didn’t respond to Dean for he knew that Dean was just being dramatic and throwing a “tantrum” as they were called.  He would return soon enough and hopefully with good news for his human.
“Use that flashlight on your phone and do some searching at night when you’re back there.  Figure out what it is this creature is after and what it’s doing.  Then kill the son of a bitch.”  From his side, John pulled out a wicked looking blade.  “This should be easy enough to conceal, the blade is made of iron coated in pure silver and blessed by a holy man.  Whatever your bird is, this should do the trick.”
It also seemed that the place was built in a strange spiral pattern.  Because, while he’d yet to encounter any steps, he knew that he’d gone up in elevation.  A fact that was confirmed as he peered out the window in front of him.  It wasn’t large enough for him to fit through, but he could easily see the edge of the cliff many feet below him.  Likely designed because Dean doubted that Castiel would be able to go up stairs in the conventional sense.
“Early afternoon.”  Sam responded without much inflection.  He wasn’t happy, but he didn’t have much reason to be.
He was blushing, he always did when he was embarrassed.  He ran an awkward hand against the back of his neck.  “Thank you, Cas.”  He mumbled.  “This means a lot.”
Dean’s eyebrows rose towards his hairline at that.  This felt like a fucking date all of a sudden.  He pondered the request for a moment before asking cautiously.  “Well, what are the options?”
Sam isn’t a big fan of Cas, and that surprises Dean. Cas has done so much for them, been through so much with them, that Dean forgets Cas was his friend first. He also can’t forget how Cas hurt Sam, but, then again, Dean’s fucked Sam up himself plenty of times himself. Complicated relationships are a Winchester forte.
breaking. I keep fucking up and ruining everything. And here I am again, with no home, no place to go— I don’t even know who I am!”
“Get inside,” Cas orders, and glares over his shoulder. Dean follows his gaze to look around the yard. He doesn’t see anyone, but that doesn’t mean that no one is watching.
Neither Bobby or Sam move. They’re going to fight him on this. They don’t see Cas like Dean does, and maybe that’s because they’re not soft like Dean.
But at long last he makes it. Singer’s garage. The sign is still there. The place looks, well, it looks like shit. But in that way that it’s always looked like shit. Lived in. Homey.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean interrupts, “we’re saying that word way too many times. I get it. I just— I figured you wanted to try it out.”
It’s nice having Cas around, but it also means Dean thinks about him more. Sometimes they’re alone, researching in the bunker or following up on a lead on, and Dean wonders if he should bring up purgatory. Should he bring up that Cas loves him? Or was Cas playing him? He’s not sure what to say. He’s not sure what outcome he wants.
“I’m aware of copulation, and that humans use it to strengthen intimate bonds, and as a means of showing affection. But it gets so messy,” Cas says. It’s on the tip of Dean’s tongue to ask what he and Meg did, but he doesn’t want Cas pulling up comparisons between him and a chick. Dean feels he’ll probably come up short, even if the chick is a demon.
"Last resort," Dean agrees. But it could work. Crowley can get places that humans can’t, has access to knowledge and power that they don’t. He might have a way to save Cas, and if they play it right, they can let him think they’re going after Abaddon, and instead lock all of the demons away in hell. It could work. It’s the first viable plan they’ve had all day.
Cas loves him, refused to fuck him, but isn’t holding the time Dean kissed him or the many times Dean asked Cas to fool around against him. He hasn’t brought it up, either.
“Hey, uh, I’m sorry it’s going down like that,” Dean says. Sam nods in agreement, “seriously. Your family shit isn’t… it’s tough. But you’re welcome to stay here whenever you need, okay?”
Cas takes Dean’s silence as permission to keep talking, the words falling out like he can’t stop himself, “or— or this is proof that all I am is a weapon. I’m
that houses this power, then channels your will. Your body did not run the same gauntlet. It is human. It is fragile. The only reason you haven’t completely destroyed yourself is because your body was meant to host an archangel and can therefore endure more.”
“Yeah,” Dean says with a nod, “it’s him. He’s uh, he’s it. Like, the one. And trust me, I’m just as shocked as you are.”
is the bad guy? He stopped the apocalypse! Dean’s murder glare must translate well, cause Naomi keeps talking.
“Is there a timeline for when a human Acts on the divine design of the Father, to reshape and mend it to his own purposes, in a way that has never been done in all of Creation?” Cas asks, and okay, he’s kinda cranky in the morning when he’s human-ish, noted, “no. No there is no timeline.”
“Don’t give me that,” Death sneers, “we all know you’ve never been an angel. So you’re wrong on both counts. Now be quiet, I don’t want to talk to you.”
“You think I did any good talking Dad down?” Dean laughs, “Dad liked you way more than he liked me.”
It turned out okay for him to want Cas. To share with Sam and Bobby that he’s getting what he wants.
What the fuck is that supposed to mean? Dean glares up at Sam, and flinches as Sam’s arms light up with that creepy-unsettling crawling light under his skin from the trials. He hears Sam gasp softly, like stepping into a cold bath.
“I’ll always regret what happened to Karen,” Bobby says, and sighs, “you boys would have liked her. But I… what I regret most is not enjoying our time together more. You never know how long you get, Dean. And so why get twisted up over shit that doesn’t matter? If you’re happy… be happy.”
is he fighting. So Dean turns, heart already in his throat, and he’s in a full sprint before he’s even taken a step.
. The series and name of this fic (The love it takes to become a man) is a line directly from the Stars song 'the night starts here'
Sam’s unconscious again as fast as he woke up. Bobby leans in and shakes Sam, gives his cheek a pat.
They get at each others’ throats sometimes. Benny likes to antagonize Cas, and Cas takes it like a beaten dog. Dean hates seeing a bully, and steps in to defend his angel. Sometimes it’s just the fact that it’s only the three of them, all forced to be glued at the hip, for what has to be months now that drives them all to snap and argue with one another.
Cas loves him, confirms it when Dean asks, but he won’t touch Dean when Dean wants to kiss him. While Dean’s seeing clearly, Cas carries all his baggage from home. As an angel, he gets a sort of immunity from purgatory’s toxins.
They haven’t been alone, just the two of them, since… since Dean was on his knees, confessing his love, while Cas was breaking free of Naomi’s control. Dean’s throat feels tight. He wants to speak, to say something, but what is there to say? There’s
Cas shakes his head, “No. But I believe the depletion of my grace, and relying on a human soul gives me limitations that I do not normally have. So…”
Vamp rests his blade on his shoulder. At ease, surrounded by all the other creatures he just killed, “what would you say if I told you I know the way out?”
They’re squatting in an old house. It’s cold, it smells awful. The furniture is shit, and one of the chairs broke under Dean’s weight so they’re just sitting on the floor while they wait for a call.
“It’s possible you know things I don’t,” Cas says to Sam, “my memory has been ransacked and torn to pieces. And it’s obvious you learned new things from your time as Lucifer’s vessel.”
Dean helps Cas find all the points he likes on himself— like his throat, like Cas’ handprint on his arm, and to be honest they
Dean hasn’t slept for days, and he can’t get a hold of Sam, and the world feels both too wide open and too closed in. He’s got too much time on his hands to think about all the things he doesn’t want to think about. He needs to find Sam. He needs to get hunting. There’s grave dirt under his fingernails. He hasn’t killed anything in days and it’s making his skin itch. Benny left bruises on his thighs. He’s gone too long without someone watching his back, and he’s going crazy constantly checking over his shoulder. He's been gone for almost a year, in the real world. Dean has no idea how long it was on purgatory's side.
Dean’s read the bible a few times. He knows that leviathans are big motherfuckers. He just never really thought he’d get to measure that out up close.
As stated before, Dean's pov is intended not to be a point for point rewrite of Sam's pov, but rather fill in scenes around the events of
“It’s too risky,” Dean admits, “if the leviathans figure out who Sam is… we won’t be in time to save him.”
over God’s will. I turned against my family, my brothers and sisters and the security of my home and everything I have ever known, for
Alarms go off in Dean’s head. He’s flirting. With a man. Dean should redirect the conversation, make it clear that he’s not queer. That he’s just shooting the shit.
You MAY see this story updated with 1 more chapter. I’ve been debating making a “chapter” just for all the art links, for people to come find any art and to update if more art for the series is done in the future. (I’m ambitiously drafting some tarot-style illustrations in my head for our team free will haha). But I’m undecided, and out of time to actually do that today. So don’t be alarmed if you get another chapter notification!! TBAM is finished, I promise.
to get home so they can really put the pedal to the metal on how great this soul sharing is going to feel during sex.
to do, but that they could never make happen. Even all the things he wanted Cas to do to him, the things he offered to do for Cas, that Cas never took him up on.
“Oh,” Sam whispers, but his voice cracks. It always freaks him out when he realizes he’s forgotten things.
Death’s head slowly tilts to the other side. Dean has the vague impression of a scale balancing it’s two sides. What Death is weighing about him, Dean doesn’t really care.
“Sugar? Like a prokaryote?” Cas snorts at his own joke, and then recognizes his very human audience and tries to play humble, “it’s role in cellular metabolism, for organics, it’s very basic— the joke doesn’t translate well.”
“If we had the homes set up, I can let wild hives know we have a safe place for them and they can decide to relocate or not,” Cas shrugs.
“You moron,” Bobby snaps, and he holds Dean way tighter than Dean thought the old man could. Dean can barely think to return it, “you’re family. I’m not kicking you out.”
Benny lets out a low laugh, and this close to him, Dean feels it more than he can hear it. Feels Benny’s big hands on his hip, the other running up his thigh.
“It would be my pleasure to marry you,” Cas says, like it’s not the most amazing thing Dean’s never heard in his life.
Cas doesn’t kill him for it. Instead, Cas drops him, and while Dean’s laying in a pathetic mess at Cas’ feet, he begs Cas to do it. Because he started this whole thing, he fucked it for everyone. Why can’t he just die?
Dean wants to tell Benny he shouldn’t have bonded him in the first place. That’s what he should say.
He has to ask Sam if Sam wants to die. And then what? They line their pockets with rocks and walk into the ocean together? They go back to the impala, find some garage, and lock themselves in until the fumes take them out? Does Dean soothe Sam, makes sure he’s comfortable, and then shoot his brains out before eating his own gun?
“I’ve been hunting since I was— fuck, since forever,” Dean starts, “I don’t— I can barely remember the times we weren’t involved in the life. And I— I had to be tough, to be strong. For Dad, for Sammy. If I wasn’t strong, it all fell apart. Dad had to trust me to take care of Sam. Sam had to trust that I’d keep him safe. So he’d stop crying. And I had to take care of Dad too— he— he cried sometimes too. Over Mom. And I’d tell him it was okay, that he had us, and he’d tell me how proud he was, of how strong I was.”
“Cas is up. Wants another pb&j,” he says, and busies himself getting all of the ingredients out of the pantry.
Dean’s normal by the time they get to their motel. Sam goes on about how they shouldn’t be surprised Dean had an anxiety attack. That Dean is basically a soldier home from the warzone, and he’ll do some research on ptsd and what they can do to help Dean leave purgatory behind.
There’s a cry, deeper into the woods. A wolf howl, maybe. Some pack of werewolves found a hunt. The leviathan’s head comes up, whiskers on the front of its blunt face quiver.
to be disorienting. Endless forest, nonstop fog, and the sun never sets. Constant, unending twilight that gave Dean a headache after an hour of squinting and trying to make sense of his surroundings. It fucks up his depth perception, and makes it hard to see anything at a distance.
Bobby shrugs, “It’s a fair question. If the guy has been MIA all this time, and everyone’s so scared of you finding out what you are—”
“Then what do you want?” Dean demands, “you want me to tell you what to do? What to think? Cause I don’t know! This is a fucked situation and I don’t know what to do. Does that help?”
They’re having some weird form of breakfast, but at 3pm because Sam was up all night with nightmares, and Dean refuses to call it brunch because he’s not a soccer mom.
Sam comes awake with a gasp. He shoves Dean away with unexpected strength, sending Dean on his ass across the room. And then Sam races out the door. Dean scrambles to chase after him— Sam almost trips over himself, hits the far wall of the hallway, and then gets into the bathroom. He falls to his knees and throws up in the tub.
“We don’t... “ Dean corrects himself, because he’s not here to speak for Sam. He’s talking about himself, “I don’t say it enough, but, you’ve been like a father to me for most of my life. Hell, you’re the one who taught me to play catch, how to rebuild the impala. And I… I’ve never really said thank you for that.”
Dean takes it, tries not to flinch when he accidentally touches Benny’s cold hand. It’s heavy material, in fairly good condition. Way cleaner than Dean’s clothes that are covered in gore and smell like they’re rotting.
. Bobby gave Dean the ultimatum to change, but he hasn’t said anything about it since Dean got back from purgatory, and he treats Dean just the same. But he has Cas here, the one person he found he could always talk to, the person who heard him, and saw him in the way that no one else did.
As he passes Benny, Cas lashes out to grab Benny by the throat. Dean scrambles to his feet— is Cas going to
He doesn’t have to talk to Bobby for a while, so hopefully it’ll be considered a slip up and Bobby won’t think to comment on it next time they talk.
rage, not some soul-high arrogance of declaring himself god, not being cranky when Dean’s references go over his head. It’s biblical, it’s fury, and it’s all Cas, “don’t you understand the damage I’ve done? I introduced free will to heaven— I toppled the kingdom! And then I tried to rule it, I killed so many angels, Dean. And I hurt Sam. I hurt
It’s a nightmare getting Sam up the stairs. Man weighs a ton, and he’s soaking wet. Dean’s the young guy in comparison to Bobby so Dean has to be the one to do the fireman’s carry. It’s not like Dean isn’t prepared to do this, he always makes sure he’ll be able to carry his partner out of a dicey situation. It’s just that he doesn’t want to.
. There’s a mess of complicated feelings, but it’s hard to think about. Purgatory might finally be getting to him. Dean used to feel completely twisted about what he thought about Cas, about forgiveness and all that. Now, all he cares about is that he
to touch him, but he’s waiting to see what Dean does first. It’s not like Dean hasn’t been with a host of eager girls before, who like to touch and play, but it’s something special that Cas
Also Dean has not been able to find his prostate and he’s mad about it. It’s supposed to be some bonus good vibe thing but he’s a moron and can’t figure his own body out. Dean takes it upon himself to undo Cas’ tie and pull it off him.
Mantracker is/was a Canadian reality show with the premise of '2 people are dropped in the middle of nowhere and attempt to go from point A to point B. During this time they are being
He ruminates on how much he hates being the only person who needs to stop for bathroom breaks in this entire goddamn forest every time. The woods are their classic, constant twilight-dark. At first it gave Dean a headache, had him squinting in the half-light wanting it to be just a bit brighter or a bit darker, but he’s used to it now. Sometimes he wonders, when they make it home, if now he’s like one of those cave people who will go blind in the sunlight because it’s too bright.
Dean shoves past Bobby, tries to grab Cas to stop him from hurting himself. Cas’ eyes open, and they’re almost white with grace shining through. Angels look like this when they’re dying. Going from the chill of Sam’s powers to the heat of Cas’ grace has Dean starting to sweat while he’s still got goosebumps.
to eat something. He’s even resorted to trying to eat leaves, or turning over rocks and sticks in a hurry to find some bugs. No bugs to be found, and while he hasn’t poisoned himself, the vegetarian diet isn’t very filling. Being here is not sustainable. Dean is definitely on a time crunch, and he’s not sure how much longer his body can keep going.
Benny leans in, ducks his head towards Dean’s throat and inhales. Vamps and fucking scent shit. He doesn’t move back when he stands up straight, so he’s almost towering over Dean.
Cas hums in agreement, and he’s kissing his way down Dean’s throat in a way that isn’t really aiming to slow down.
He’s warm, can feel someone against his back. He’s in what looks like a small cave. Low ceiling, maybe enough to stand. Just enough floor space for two or three people to lay down. Color in the corner of his eye catches his attention, and while he’s wearing Benny’s coat, a norm for him these days, Dean is laying on a tan coat. Neither Dean or Benny have a coat like that. So why is it here?
Sam goes silent, because he’ll try for Bobby but he won’t give Dean a break. Dean hasn’t slept in what feels like weeks now.
Except no one did. No one even said anything remotely like it and— oh no, fuck. Shit. Fear claws its way up Dean’s throat.
Cas starts on the top buttons, and Dean settles back on his heels to enjoy the show. Cas never does anything with the
Sam’s impressed by how far they got on the puzzle, and even manages to secure a few more pieces while Dean and Bobby finish cooking. Cas is in the wheelchair while the rest of them crowd around the table. Cas grabs for his hand, and Dean doesn’t pull them down out of sight. He leaves their hands up on the table where everyone can see.
“What the fuck,” Dean hisses, looks down at the shifter. It’s got a hard-on. From tasting his blood?
“Whatever it was, it was enough that Cas could feel it,” Dean says, “he dropped in right after I found you.”
Dean looks at Sam, “If you’re trying to tell me to get out, you’re too late. I’m all in. If you really were all up in me and Cas then you’d know that.”
Dean swings his arm to leverage his bags up and into the truck bed. The bag holding the six— six!— jars of stupid fancy peanut butter spills and the cans roll everywhere.
“I’m trying— Sam! C’mon little brother, come back. Follow my voice, or, or, if there’s a tunnel don’t go into the light, okay? You gotta wake up Sam, you’re freaking me out—”
The touch of Cas’ wings around him would be a welcome balm to his nerves. Dean tries to lay on the bed in the motel room. Snaps at Sam to stop mothering him. The room is too open, and Sam doesn’t know how to stand watch properly. Benny and Cas kept Dean safe. Now they’re gone. Dean has to take care of himself.
Dean wants to be missed. He wants… he wants people to think about him. And he wants it to be uncomplicated. No ‘I know he cared,
“I’m not good at it,” Dean admits, “Lisa— she tried to teach me. But I’ve got no rhythm. Got it from Dad, I think.”
Dean holds up his hands, helpless, “A week? Longer? But he wasn’t this bad off. He had actual eyeballs last time.”
Dad admitted, so drunk he probably never remembered saying it, that he was glad Sam left. That Sam got away from the life, and that he could have a future. Dean put him to bed, and never talked to him about it.
“I thought I knew better,” Cas admits, and he stares at Dean, eyes wide, “I thought I could fix it all, and spare you more pain.”
This is the majority of what Dean and Benny got up to in Purgatory, and as far as Dean’s concerned, it’s almost sex. Mostly. Close enough. Right now.
“I can’t really do it, on top like this, but if you use your hand you can get both of us together,” Dean instructs. Cas goes for his dick immediately, and Dean bites his lip to feel Cas’ hand on him. He’s too soft with his touch, hesitant and unsure, and Dean can’t take his eyes off of Cas’ face as Cas focuses on exactly what he’s doing with his hand.
“Death is not fond of me,” Cas agrees, “for good reason. I can apologize for my actions the last time we met. Perhaps that will soothe him when we accuse him of making a mistake.”
“Yes,” Cas says, looks over the monster and then points to the left arm, “they were right-handed. The left will have a higher fat content.”
“I’m not leaving without Cas,” Dean snaps. And that purgatory brain kicks in, and Dean feels an overwhelming sensation of
Cas looks around the room like he’s assessing it. They’ve spent hours in this room, this house. From their ragtag guerrilla anti-apocalypse planning, to all of the missions and hunts since. This is as good as Cas’ earthly home too.
Sam drags his gaze away from Death, and looks to Dean. What the fuck can Dean do? He’s normal and basic and has nothing to offer in this new magical world they’ve stepped into.
leviathans. He knows their terrifying roar, the way they scuttle through purgatory on their spindly legs, and the
“No, seriously,” Dean says, “I don’t— I’m not in charge of you. I mean it. Whatever you do, you do it. I’ll tell you what I think, but I don’t own you. You choose your own life.”
Dean glances at Cas. Multiple conversations about being left with their fathers’ mistakes, of having to fix those while trying not to make their own, ring in his head.
She shakes her head, “Feeding is not about taste it is… sustenance. Life. It’s an alteration of how you see the world, and your place in it. I don’t think I can explain it to a human—“
Dean thinks back to last night, to Cas in his bed in a way they’ve never spent a night together. What if they had talked? What if someone heard them?
Death looks at Sam from the corner of his eye, drags his disapproving gaze over Cas and Bobby as he evaluates.
“As for how I figured it out? I haven’t figured anything out. It just… took practice. Keep trying until you get the results you want. When in doubt? Do the opposite of what your dad did, and hopefully we don’t turn out like them.”
in here that Dean is supposed to pick up on, “what we were, happy or not, didn’t matter too much to him except as tools to fill out the life he wanted. And when he wanted to like us, to play the family man, things were good. They were great. I loved him so much, and I wanted to be his good son, but I could have never lived up to his expectations. He was obsessed with something we could never be. Would have ruined our lives with his shit. The only freedom for me and mine was through his death.”
“What is this?” Dean demands. His heart hammers in his chest. He went from feeling hollow and strung out to dry, like some sort of husk that would crumble over time, to feeling like he was home and all was right in the world. His emotions come rushing back so fast it brings tears to his eyes. He’s so fucking scared, and relieved, all at the same time.
“It’s… I don’t know. You know I’m… me and Cas, right?” Dean says. And holy shit should Dean drop the fact that he and Cas are sharing his soul? That they want to stay that way? Or is that rubbing it in Benny’s face?
Cas shakes his head, “It’s me. Because of what I am— I… Sam described seraphim as absolute. Unyielding. Once given a task they are relentless until it is done. I have been removing my shackles, returning to whatever form I once had. And it… it’s changing me.”
Sam doesn’t let go of him as they drive away, and keeps talking. Makes Dean breathe with him. Easy inhale, slow exhale. Dean’s hands shake. He wants to draw his knife, he wants a weapon. Easy inhale, slow exhale.
Dean’s going to smack him for being an idiot. Even though he knows he’ll be upset about it as soon as he touches Cas. Which makes him wonder if he should just forget all of that, and go to bed. What’s Bobby or Cas gonna do: stop him?
Dean glares at him. Why the fuck is he making jokes? The longer they spend sitting on their asses, the worse Cas is getting.
They’ve moved two of the chairs out of the kitchen for Cas to sit in around the house, which means there’s only space for two people to sit down. Death takes one chair, and Sam pushes Dean into the other.
“I’m not— I’m not making it up?” Sam asks, and Dean’s stomach twists in knots because the question isn’t for the people here, but to himself. His hallucination.
He doesn’t even know what kind of form he’s going for, to be honest. Without Sam barely knowing the other half of the steps, Dean’s completely lost the timing of the two-step, and Cas doesn’t understand what to do with his feet at all. It becomes an awkward shuffle with no regard for the beat of the music.
“Well I’m happy,” Dean agrees, and as he says it he can’t believe he’s being honest. This is… he had no idea how much he wanted this. Wanted to dance in the kitchen, like Mom and Dad did, like Lisa did, like happy people in love do.
“I suppose I’ll settle for the songs I know,” Cas figures, “so I can dislike this one based on unfamiliarity.”
“Why what?” Bobby asks, and sips his whiskey, “your Dad and I come from a different time. If he said shit, and I’m sure he did, I’m sure I have, but I wouldn’t hold it against him. I bet he’d be happy—”
“You can leave it,” Dean says. Now that the shock of the pain is fading, he’s got a rush of endorphins flooding his system and the bite seems kinda sexy.
Death moves forwards to stand over Sam. Sam’s eyelids snap open and he tracks Death’s approach like he can see him, even without eyes. All of Dean’s hair stands up.
The worst part is that Sam has great days. He has stretches of days where it’s like he’s going to be fine, and Dean wants to believe he’s finally gotten a handle on his shit. He’s focused, set on helping figure out what to do about the leviathans. He’s got ideas, plans. He cracks jokes, eats food. The tension in Dean’s body eases.
Andrea keeps the car between her and them, which Dean can’t necessarily blame her— a vampire with two hunters should be nervous. But he feels mildly insulted that after everything they just went through— are they like vampire married through Benny or something? That she thinks he’d kill her for kicks.
Having a room separate from Sam is a novelty, since they grew up sharing beds in motels across the country. Since Dean spent a whole year co-sleeping with his little brother. It’s strange, but exciting, because this is a luxury to have his own space.
Before Dean can react, Cas adds, “I understand you were malnourished and physically exhausted, but you slept well when I watched over you.”
You'll note a slight update to chapter count. We will have 35 chapters total + the epilogue/wrap up! I'm currently still working on the final 3rd story in the series, but I have multiple short ideas that I'll probably start posting in the interim.
“I know, I know,” Benny waves him off, “and I told you: I don’t care. Offer’s open. If you want something Dean, all you gotta do is ask.”
There’s a beat of silence, of Dean thinking, of Cas waiting, that Sam must assume they’re all judging him, because he adds, “I’m serious! Angel grace? That was
And that makes sense to Dean. Angels are good, they should have done something. And there’s one thing he can always rely on: nothing good ever happens for a Winchester. Not without a catch. A price to pay.
Their audience is only growing. Bobby’s got solid wards set up, but those will only last so long. Dean doesn’t think they’re set up for a siege. Crowley and Abaddon will slip out of an exorcism, he’s sure, and they can’t use the angel banishing sigil without affecting Cas.
Dean knows that humans are capable of terrible things. He survived a year in purgatory to prove it. The driver smiles with blunt teeth, and Dean reminds himself that earth has different rules.
Sam grabs him and Dean makes to grab Sam by the throat before he remembers that Sam isn’t the enemy, and he turns his grab into twisting his fingers in the collar of Sam’s shirt. Focus on Sam. Because Sam was never in purgatory. So Dean’s not in purgatory. He’s home, in the real world, and he’s not going to die today. He’s not going to kill these people.
Bobby’s quiet, waiting. Dean should stop talking. This is another secret he should take to the grave, something that no one should ever know because how will anyone trust Dean again when they know how badly he screwed up.
Sam spits one last time, presses his head to the cold porcelain of the tub while he breathes deeply. Dean perches over him, unsure in which direction to spring.
Dean wasn’t offering. Just wondering exactly how much danger he was in. But now that Benny’s put it out there, Dean starts thinking about Benny biting him in sex. Vampire bites are supposed to have some weird effect on the brain that makes their victims not care that they’re being fed on, or that the vamp isn’t as warm as a human body should be. Now Dean’s thinking it might be really hot to let Benny bite him.
kill himself), or Dean has to change. Dean decides on a new mantra of ‘I am not my father’. All the while Dean is having heavy guilt and remorse about Cas' death, and feels like it's his fault.
They need to find another hunt. He needs to kill a few more monsters, and then his brain can calm down and accept he’s home and stop freaking out.
“That was different!” Cas says, though Dean has no idea how it is. It feels like it’s exactly the same shit— it’s all the same psychic shit!
Horseman of Death, after we pissed him off by putting him in chains last time we talked, without any offerings?” Bobby asks.
“We all felt the energy,” the Metatron says, “it was— who was capable of such power? Was it— was that God?”
They’ll stock up on supplies, snacks, and as much lube as they’ll ever need, lock the door and tell Sam he might want to go somewhere else. If this soul mate thing makes sex this good, then a whole day might ruin Dean. What a way to die, though.
Sam reaches out for him, talking a nonsensical mile a minute. Dean ends up having to let Sam touch his face to confirm it’s him— Sam almost sticks his fingers up Dean’s nose— and then Sam’s asking for Cas. They do the same song and dance of letting Sam fondle Cas until he can confirm it’s him. They’re all alive.
Dean pauses, reaches up to feel the tacky sensation of drying blood on his cheek. Oh, from when Cas had come to say goodbye. He’s been so stressed he’d forgotten it was there.
Water drips from icicles formed on the ceiling of the panic room. It sounds like gunshots as it hits the ground.  The whole panic room is filled with ice. Dean remembers the motel room that Sam worked magic on that kitsune in. This looks like an extreme version of that. This is superman’s fortress of solitude.
his excuse too. He freaks out, has all of these episodes, but he doesn’t even remember anything! At least when Dean lied about remembering hell, he kept all of his shit bundled up.
Cas’ eyes have watered from the spice, and his face is flushed. Now he looks like he’s been crying, and it makes Dean feel like he’s looking at some poor puppy in a pound. His heart hurts just looking at Cas.
Sam jumps to his feet and whips his mug at Dean as hard as he can. Dean dodges on instinct, but the cup shatters and hot coffee flies everywhere. It’s going to be a bitch to clean, and Dean has adrenaline in his system so he just
“You won’t change,” Dean says, “wait— shit. I, uh, I mean— I don’t think you will.” Maybe he should have made that an order, just in case.
Dean rears his head back, cracks the angel behind him in the nose and he sees stars— it’s like head butting a wall— but the angel falters for a second and Dean’s jumping forwards to get to Sam. Someone grabs the back of his jacket, he feels angel magic— all invisible and impossible to fight against, grab him— and he feels
“I’m gonna wait until the end of the movie to wake him up,” Dean says, “you can stay, if you want. And then… I dunno. Sam might want company.”
Dean brings his beer up to drink, and his heart skips a beat and he’s too nervous to actually drink. He lowers his beer. What the fuck is wrong with him.
Turns out it probably wasn’t friendship. And here in Purgatory, Dean doesn’t care to get into all the reasons why he didn’t, couldn’t, wouldn’t, understand that.
,” Dean’s back arches as he moans. Cas keeps his hands tight on Dean’s hips, pinning him so Cas can swallow everything.
“I’m a killer, not a freaking psychopath,” Dean tells him. Benny keeps saying fucked up shit like it’s normal.
Cas may not be human, but the efforts of showering wipes him out. Cas’ clothes are in tatters or covered in blood, so Dean goes digging through the goodwill bags Bobby keeps for hunters that come through his place. He finds an old housecoat and pair of shorts that should be easy for Cas to wear. Stairs are another monumental effort, and by the time they get to the bottom Dean is ready to go back to bed. The wheelchair is where they left it, at the bottom of the stairs, and Cas drops into it with a groan.
Cas just smiled. “I admire your restraint.” He picked up a couple pink sugars, shaking them before opening them and dumping them in his iced tea.
He startled, feeling a hand on his shoulder, hearing Sam’s soft chuckling when he stepped further into the kitchen to retrieve another beer. Blinking, Dean glanced towards the table, surprised to find that Cas was gone. Where had the angel gone? He turned to look back at Sam but he was gone, too. What the hell? Did everyone just leave him all at once?
“Well, it’s getting worse,” Sam stage-whispered, as if Dean really needed reminding. Every zing Cas felt from the spell had Dean wincing sympathetically. Sam hated seeing Cas being affected by the spell too, but he knew it was much worse for his brother. They hadn’t really said they were together, but Sam wasn’t blind either. Cas’ whimpering and the chains rattling tauntingly as he moved echoed softly. Sam wished there was something he could do to make the situation easier for his friend.
“You keep those,” Dean added, winning a scoff from his mom. “What? You do, don't you?” He smiled, shrugging.
The conversation died down as they continued eating, though it was comfortable; silences were moments of just enjoying each other's company. Once both finished their meals, Cas saw how much the diner’s customers thinned out as it was getting closer to closing time. Quickly paying, they left in order to hit the store before it, too, would close for the night.
alone. On second thought, it would be cruel having a dog be alone for hours while he was at work... There were always fish. Then he remembered the five goldfish his mom had flushed down the toilet when he was twelve, indicating he wasn't always diligent in remembering to feed them. If he closed his eyes, he could still imagine the horror he felt as they were flushed.
Getting back in the van, Cass started up the ignition in order to power up the GPS. “All right, what's the address?” he asked, not prepared for Dean to lean in closer, his entire top half practically laid across him. Cas felt his heart racing again, hoping to God Dean hadn’t noticed. Not wanting the touching to end, he intentionally messed up the address. Or... maybe not intentional, as his fingers were shaking. Finally, he was able to ignore the heat from Dean’s body, adding the hotel’s correct address.
Cas started giggling nervously as he kept backing away. Dean’s grin turned more into a mischievous smile. Cas knew what that usually meant for him. Dean kept slowly advancing, finally grabbing Cas around the waist and spun him in a circle, both laughing as they stopped at the side of the bar, Cas’ back against the brick building, bathing both in soft yellow light from the floodlight above their heads. Dean practically was pressed against him, Cas’ hands trapped between them. Cas looked at Dean with a small smile, the playfulness from a few seconds ago now felt charged. Cas wasn't sure what to expect but Dean leaning closer towards him, kissing him wasn't it. Cas moaned softly, kissing him back. Just as suddenly as it began it ended. Dean took a couple steps back and wiped the corners of his mouth with his hand and cleared his throat.
. During their last visit, Dean fell in love with the steak and mashed potatoes, even surprising Cas by ordering the green beans. Dean was notorious for avoiding vegetables like the plague. Cas remembered how well he liked their ribs, already deciding on that. It wasn't too crowded for a Monday night. Deciding on a table in the corner, a server came over a few minutes later.
Cas just gave him a look as they approached the counter. Dean being Dean didn't let that stop him. He stood right behind him, leaning down to breathe in his ear. “I bet you’d look awesome in one,” he whispered.
For a few more minutes, Dean didn’t move until Cas shouted his name loudly, pulling out his finger, not needing to wipe his fingers clean. He gently wrapped Cas’ legs around his waist, slipping his cock easily inside him. His eyes closed, the feeling of Cas enveloped around him. Rocking against Cas started slowly before Dean’s pleasure had him moving faster, his moans increasing in volume. He wasn’t going to last. He knew he wasn’t going to last, calling out Cas’ name. He nearly swallowed his tongue at the sensation of both his balls being rolled. Oh, fucking god! He tried telling Cas to conserve his grace rather than worrying about him but he was rendered speechless, crying out loudly, nearly a shout, as he came hard, Cas clenching around Dean as his own orgasm overtook him. Dean caught himself on both hands to keep from flopping down on top of Cas, who just pulled him down anyway, kissing him softly on the lips.
“Second floor this time,” Dean informed him as he handed the second key to him. “What's got you all smiley?”
The baby… right. That was the topic at hand. Dean opened his mouth to reply, but Cas beat him to it. “If this is truly the Darkness we’re talking about, it’s more of a time bomb than a baby,” Cas said, his deep voice sounding strong despite Rowena's spell on him.
Dean slowly got up and started following him out. Cas reached out to grab his bag, leaving his side unprotected. Smiling mischievously, Dean quickly tickling his sides.
“Maybe I'll just leave them here,” Cas retorted. “They should be nice and ripe by the time you return.”
“Well, don’t worry, okay? Sam’s got her shackled in the dungeon. So, we’re gonna question her and get her to undo all this. So, just hang tight, okay?” Dean told him, stroking Cas’ hair again.
“What makes you say that?” Dean asked, getting up to retrieve a couple beers from the mini fridge in the library. Sam had initially scoffed at the idea, jokingly questioning Dean’s need to be within easy reach of alcohol at all times, refusing to admit in the end that the idea hadn’t been that crazy.
Cas’ eyes closed as Dean's hands moved up along his spine. Soft moans escaping as Dean hit a particular sore spot. “That feels fantastic,” Cas practically purred, the feel of Dean’s hands on him was absolutely magical.
Cas knew Dean who was the hungry one but hated eating alone. “Yeah, sure,” he agreed, setting his clothes on the sink in the bathroom
“We did sleep in! We went to bed before eleven.” Dean gave him a small smile, then asked, “How's your back feel?”
Cas came out of the bathroom fifteen minutes later and threw his toothbrush into his bag, holding onto his tee shirt. He hesitated for only a moment before asking, “Can you put more of that cream on me? I'd rather get ahead of any pain.”
He knew he wasn't going to tell Dean what the cashier said. It would only upset him and ruin the easiness which finally returned between them.
“Well, no,” Cas answered slowly. “But I don't think I care for what I packed. Or maybe we can buy new clothes. I'll even buy you new outfits, too, if you'd like.”
What did Cas say? Dean racked his mind, trying to remember. He just stood there practically laying across Cas! And Cas was letting him. Why was he letting him? Wasn't he mad just three minutes ago? Cas confused the fuck out of him. Hell, he was confused himself. He should go to the car, right? Just turn around and go to the car. But his body didn't move.
Neither men said anything as they just sat and stared at each other. Cas watched as Dean's cheeks grew pinker from his blush spreading, looking absolutely adorable. Cas knew it had been a slip of the tongue and not a declaration of love, but not for the first time, he wished it had been.
about said activity. After all, he told Cas they couldn't have sex again. He didn't regret it, exactly. He just needed time to think things through, is all.
Dean watched Cas, seeing different emotions sweeping over his face before disappearing, none of which he was able to decipher quick enough before the emotion was gone. He hated feeling as if he was missing something, something just outside his grasp.
Dean turned his head and looked out the window. “We should stop for gas before we start going again. Damn guzzler doesn't hold shit.”
“Thanks, Mom,” Dean snarked, picking up his beer, glancing sidelong at Sam as he sat down. “Why don’t you just keep the beers coming.” It was more of a statement than an actual question.
Cas put their bags in the backseat of the car as he watched Dean walking, the previous day’s awkwardness appeared to be gone, thankfully. They finally were on their way to getting breakfast. The diner they stopped at wasn't too crowded as they sat down in a booth. Cas glanced around, crinkling his nose.
They played for the next couple of hours, teasing each other about cheating while laughing easily. Cas was the first to claim tiredness which Dean accused him of quitting only because he was losing. Cas just rolled his eyes, smiling as he stood up. He yawned a couple times as Dean started gathering the cards and putting them away.
“Well, first things first. I ain't budging till I get some breakfast, all right? The whole deal; hotcakes, a mess of eggs, and a pile of bacon up to here,” Dean told him, holding his hand a foot off the table top. “And coffee. Oceans of it till I'm splashing when I'm walking.”
Dean agreed as Sam quickly got back to typing, finding an article about a disturbance in a restaurant, a waiter stabbing and killing someone. Dean called up the local police, asking who the lead of the Cafe Elta investigation was. Sam shot Cas a look of sympathy before leaving the two of them alone to get suited up. Cas squirmed in his chair, trying to get comfortable as Dean squatted down beside him.
“Is that why you refuse to let me heal you? Because you don’t trust me anymore?” He stubbornly avoided Dean’s eyes.
Cas remembered sitting in one of the corner tables as a student, studying in between bites. He’d even interviewed one of the owners for an article he wrote for the college newspaper, mentioning how fantastic their breakfast platters were and how they wouldn't completely break a struggling college student's bank. The owner thought the article was funny, plus it gave them a boost in business, and Cas had received free pie for a week straight. Of course, he’d saved each slice for Dean; Cas was never one for sweets.
“Dean,” Cas quickly stood up. “I can fix that.” He could at least fix Dean’s pain even if Dean was rightfully angry with him. He had to try to make amends somehow. Not as an effort to satisfy himself, but as a way to prove to Dean he hadn’t meant to hurt him.
“It was just one gate, Dean,” Cas explained. “I’m not fit for battle but I am able to open a gate. Unless you wish to stay here.”
Dean knew exactly what Cas needed, feeling himself hardening at Cas’ pleas. He gave a few more teasing licks before thrusting his tongue inside him, Cas’ moans growing louder as Dean stroked him in unison with rimming him. It had taken Dean a couple times of rimming Cas before getting used to the fact that there was no other taste besides just pure cleanness, which was a taste all of its own. It was the taste of just Cas.
“Shut up,” Dean muttered, making a show of straightening out his shirt. “Anyways, it's time for breakfast,” Dean quickly changed the subject.
“Uh, right. I'll just... “ he trailed off, straightening up and taking a small step away before he was able to turn and walked away.
“That isn't exactly the recommended amount, Dean.” He rolled his eyes, smiling. “Your diet consists mainly of bacon, junk food, and pie.”
“I wasn't expecting you to be up,” Cas greeted as he came into the kitchen, opening the refrigerator to grab a bottle of water.
Pushing off the door, he stripped quickly and turned on the shower. He stepped under the spray, letting his head fall down to enjoy the water hitting his shoulder blades. Goddamn it, what the hell was wrong with him? He began washing himself, his hand lingering on his erection. He had a moment of debate, then lathered one hand up and wrapped it around his cock. He stroking the length slowly, a gruff moan echoing softly, and he hoped the sound was hidden by the sound of the shower. Moving his hand back up, Dean’s head tipped back as he twisted the head of his cock. He braced his other hand against the wall to keep from stumbling.
“There's no face,” Cas reassured him, turning on his stool again to face forward. “Just thinking about Gabe and Amara.”
Dean never had great luck. He felt Cas stiffen slightly, his friend glancing over his shoulder. He should have known it would’ve been impossible not to feel his erection pressing down on Cas’ back.
“The toll ticket. I want it.” Castiel stuck his hand inside the window a little bit, waiting for Dean to hand it over.
. Not vice versa. Watching Cas, Dean saw him keeping shooting glances at him, as if he was waiting for something. Dean suddenly wished she'd just stop crowding him, feeling uncomfortable.
“We do, yeah. Thank you.” He meant to tell the truth, saying they weren’t actually a couple. But he just couldn’t stop himself. Once he paid, he smiled politely, making his way outside.
Dean sighed, trying to come up with an excuse as to why they shouldn't. But couldn't think of anything. “Yeah, sure. Okay, I guess.”
Cas composed him himself quickly and joined Dean before he truly did try to leave without him. He was still silent and barely paid attention when they stopped off at KFC. All he thought about was that kiss, how soft and gentle it had been. How one kissed a lover, not someone who was… whatever were they? He didn't realize they approached the hotel until they stopped, turning his head to look at Dean ready to ask why they stopped, realizing where they were.
“Yeah,” Sam repeated. “Uh, no accidents, incidents, violations, or anything remotely interesting involving a crappy ‘78 Continental Mark V.”
He knew Cas sensed him staring, his head still bowed. Dean never apologized for the moments when Cas caught him staring since Cas was equally guilty of such moments. This relationship hadn’t always been easy but damn if it wasn’t worth fighting for. He still thought back to his year with Lisa and Ben. He had done the right thing, asking Cas to scrub their memories of him. He hadn’t regretted that decision, but it reminded him how stupid he had been to think he would ever be able to truly walk away from this life. He hadn’t wanted to drag either of them down with him. In the end, he knew it had been right to walk away. But things were different with Cas. Cas was in this life with him.
It was a great day for driving, though he wished again he was driving Baby. The Continental wasn't too bad. Not that he'd ever tell Cas, of course. It was easier letting him think the car was shitty, after all, Dean had a rep to protect and admitting to liking the dinosaur wasn't going to happen anytime soon. At least he found a Classic Rock station. He just hoped it’d stay tuned in long enough. He really should have brought his tapes with him. Maybe he’ll see about stopping off somewhere to get some music. Did they even have record stores anymore? He bought everything online, hating shopping.
Cas hesitated for a moment, looking at Dean with a glare before laying down on his stomach again, arms tight against his sides. Dean straddled him, trying not to think about how Cas felt under him.
They found a gas station down the street. As promised, Cas went inside to pay for both vehicles. Coming out, he stopped in his tracks for a moment. Some woman stood next to Dean, talking to him, obviously openly flirting with him. Her fingers twirled in her hair while her other hand rested on Dean's arm. He was unable to hear what they were talking about, but Dean was obviously making jokes, hearing Dean's laughter.
Five years of living with Cas had spoiled him. He wasn't even sure he knew how to live alone. He could always ask Sammy about how he managed since his brother was living alone in an off-campus apartment instead of the dorms. His other option was to get a dog, since he was allergic to cats, so he wouldn’t be
“He’s not going to deliver Rowena to us just so she can lift the spell,“ Cas told him glumly. “He’d rather let it do whatever it’s gonna do to me.”
Dean still thought of Cas’ numerous resurrections as miracles, not sure what he would do if the time came when he truly lost Cas. That wasn’t something he wanted to think about, but this life was full of surprises and plenty of death. He was prepared to go down swinging at any time. Hell, he had done just that. But the minute Cas became his, Dean wanted as much time with Cas as he could eke out. He’d had a taste of what domestic life was like, unsure if it was something he would be able to have again. But he wanted to give Cas that too if he could.
Dean nodded back, forcing his gaze back down to the menu. And there it was, the infamous kiss off. Instantly ‘friend zoned’. Dean should be grateful Cas wasn't insulted, or worse, had gotten mad and sent him back home. But Cas’ reasoning only frustrated him. Not at Cas, but at himself. True, he wasn't a fan of gushing his feelings, but he truly needed to watch what he said. He’d made it this long without telling Cas how he truly felt, and he wasn’t about to start spouting about it now. Fucking awesome.
what happened, but I don’t know why. I liked it. Really liked it, in fact. But I’m not sure we should… do that again.”
Some time later, Cas decided to use Dean’s laptop instead for his search, feeling more comfortable with it than Sam’s. Reading the directions out loud, he proceeded to look for the car, but before he could read any of the results, the screen closed off. Confused, he hit a few buttons that he believed he’d seen Dean hitting when it happened to him a few times. Instead of the information he wanted, up popped something called Fortune Nookie with a phone number listed along the bottom. Cas was confused as to what two scantily dressed women had to do with Chinese food, as well as wondering if the owner was aware of the misspelling of cookie. A female voice informed him the site was for all his Asian girl fantasies. But he didn’t have Asian girl fantasies, not when he had Dean. Having had enough of the woman’s voice, he closed the lid to Dean’s laptop. Perhaps Fortune Nookie was something important to their search for Metatron or Rowena, something Sam forgot to include in the directions. He decided to ask Dean once they returned.
“Sorry about those, Cas,” Dean quickly told him. He hated having to use them, but seeing Cas so out of control from the Attack Dog spell had scared him. “Till we know what’s going on with you, you’re still a bit of a wild card, you know?” he tried to explain, hoping Cas understood it wasn’t personal but for the safety of everyone. Tossing a beer to Sam, he sat back down.
They were back on the road shortly afterwards. Cas wished there was more to see than simply road and cars, hating this part about the trip; the monotony of everything. The same road. The same diner. The same hotel. And the same fight with his feelings. He was going to combust if something didn't change.
Dean snickered softly, laying his hand on Cas’ shoulder as they walked to the van’s driver side. “Don't ever change, dude.”
“Oh, I'm not,” Cas assured him, quickly shoving a fry in his mouth and forcing a smile as he chewed. “Just making sure I did everything. Plus, if I need to buy anything, I want to have an idea in my head before going to the store.”
Both Sam and Dean continued their search for more information on the Darkness or where Rowena might be holed up with little to no results. Finally Dean thought of contacting Crowley. After all, the demon seemed to have a knack for knowing things, so just maybe he knew where his mother might be. Especially since she was determined to see her only child dead.
“For the time being, I think. I might eventually have to get a new one, but I'm not positive. What about you?”
“So would I… just a little quicker.” Dean smirked, glancing up at Cas before looking back down at the page.
Cas got up and went to the dresser to dig out fresh clothes. “I'm thinking I'll grab more clothes from the van.”
Thankfully their food arrived quickly, and they ate while continuing to make small talk, trying to act as normal as possible. Once they were done, Cas paid for breakfast as Dean went outside to make the daily call to their parents. Cas joined him a few minutes later as Dean hung up.
“It's the same choices everywhere. Eggs, toast, bacon. Eggs, toast, sausage. How much eggs must we consume?”
“But why stop early?” Cas didn't understand and part of him wanted to get this over with as soon as possible.
Cas led the way to his parents’ house and being in front allowed him to check the van’s side mirror, reassured at seeing the Continental trailing behind him in the reflection. They drove past Centennial Park and he smiled as he remembered playing there with Dean, sometimes even Gabriel, as a child. Hours had been spent on the playground or in the grass tossing a baseball back and forth. He’d even learned how to play tennis on the courts which had since been removed and now housed a skating park in its place. That had definitely been something Cas had no interest in learning. He smiled fondly as he left the park behind in the rearview mirror, knowing their parent’s houses would be another five minutes down the road.
“Oh, you're back,” Dean noticed him instantly, tipping his head in the woman’s direction. “This here's Cindy. She's going to... where was it again?” He looked at her with a grin.
Dean blinked, tempted to play dumb, but Sam knew him too well. He wasn’t exactly trying to talk himself out of the relationship with Cas so much as trying to talk himself into believing he deserved it. That for every shitty decision, every hurdle they jumped over, this was what he deserved. That he was allowed to be happy, despite the shitstorm they were facing.
“I am not wearing a bikini, Dean. Chain or otherwise.” Cas sighed, rolling his eyes as he slid out of the booth.
He ended up breaking down one day as they sat on Dean's back porch. Unsure of what to do, much less say, Dean had run inside his house to get his mom. Mary had simply laid her arm across Cas’ small shoulders and led him inside to talk privately. Dean had been full of questions, Cas remembered.
Dean cleared his throat nervously, trying to will his erection down or at least stop being so damn obvious. Cas sat up on his elbows, biting his bottom lip. “Dean, it’s fine.”
“Now you promise to call, right?” She was typing away as she added her info, glancing up once to meet his gaze.
Dean watched Cas as he walked towards the Continental, releasing his breath when Cas was out of sight and seated in the front seat. He still felt Cas’ body heat on him, and it made his heart race. Damn it.
“Considering we missed breakfast, we have at least another couple hours before they kick us out. Unless they're coming to do so now with the way you screamed. They probably think I'm killing you in here.”
“Think we could find a hotel with Magic Fingers?” Cas asked, his voice sounding muffled from one side of his face pressed against the bed.
to know what Dean felt like in his hand and his mouth; he was just as turned on as Dean, his own erection straining against his jeans.
“Dude, I’m sorry, all right?” Dean told him, sitting down across from him. “I… don't know why I did it. I really don’t.”
“It's fine. Honestly,” Cas reassured him gently, “you don't have to be ashamed. I love you as my best friend, you know that.”
That was it. The end for him. He nearly cried with desperation as he felt Cas peeling down the front of his underwear as his cock was released. He gasped as the sudden air was a shock to his heated skin, but before Dean could start begging again, he felt Cas wrapping his fingers his erection.
Desperation rang clear throughout Dean's voice as he begged. Cas kept teasing him, moving down to kitten lick on his left ball as he slowly stroked Dean, the change causing Dean to arch off the bed again.
“Yeah, give me a minute,” Sam told him, still writing. “I’m having Cas look online for Metatron’s car.”
Cas laughed as he returned to his vehicle, leading them back onto the road. When they arrived in Salina, they stopped at a restaurant not far from the turnpike. It wasn't fancy, just a nice and simple family restaurant. They had just sat down when the waitress came over to their table. She seemed friendly, maybe a tad on the bored side, as she handed them menus and got their drink orders. As she walked off, Cas pulled out his phone from his pocket.
talking to each other that meant trouble. Cas’ own parents’ marriage was the polar opposite. No harsh words or tones were used unless they were fighting, which thankfully was rare.
Cas looked to his parents for help, but it was obvious from their smiles no help was forthcoming. “We all pitched in together,” Chuck informed him, making him feel a little better about the amount he held in his hands.
Grabbing the van’s keys from the counter, Dean grabbed the closest box from the living room and made his way outside. The van was just a simple white Econoline, decorated with U-Haul decals. It was already decided Cas would drive the van and Dean would follow behind in Cas’ golden monstrosity. He tried convincing himself it was normal to be worried about Cas driving his car across country; if some kind of problem arose, it would go unnoticed by Cas. As a mechanic, Dean would pick up any potential problems quicker. It was better he drove Cas’ car. And it wasn't like he truly hated the car… No, he truly hated the car. What was it he’d told Cas when his friend seemed genuinely surprised to find out Dean’s true feelings about the car? Oh, right. ‘Eye of the beholder’. It seemed to calm him down, at least.
Dean just stared at him, bitch face definitely in place. Cas chuckled harder. “Unclench, Winchester. I'm only teasing… Maybe.” Cas winked and stood up, taking his water bottle with him as he went to his room to get cleaned up.
Dean made sure they both their keycards before heading back out. Not too far from hotel's parking lot was a tan building with a bright red neon sign shining with the name
. Or just a few things,” Cas said with a slight shrug, twisting the bottle lid open and taking a drink.
Sighing with frustration, Cas just looked at Dean with his hands on his hips. “Fine. I'll do what you do then.”
“Technically that's two words. And in my defense I never drove to California before then,” he said, noting Dean was slowly walking towards him. “Wait. What are you doing?”
They made their way out, Cas glancing over his shoulder making sure Dean was behaving. “Where are we going for breakfast?”
Oh, he had no intention of stopping. Driving Dean wild was absolutely on the morning’s agenda. He kept sucking, gently rolling one of Dean's balls with his hand. If he’d been loud crying out before, it was nothing compared to now. Dean actually
Then he had just suddenly been standing all alone, surrounded by that damn smoke. Neither Sam, the Impala, nor the woman had been in sight. He had then realized it didn’t matter if she hadn’t revealed herself. He knew who she was. The Darkness. The troubling question he couldn’t figure out was why. Why had she saved him? What did she want with him?
Dean grabbed him by the sleeve of his trenchcoat tightly. “Listen to me, Cas. I’m fine, okay? Just bumps and bruises, okay? You’ve kicked my ass before, all right? There’s nothing to forgive. I’m just glad it’s over. I hated seeing what it was doing to you.”
Dean turned towards him, sitting up on one elbow. “Is that what you think? That I don’t trust you? Cas… I trust you with my life, all right? Outside of Sammy, there’s no one I trust more. What can I do to prove it to you?”
“Do you want my number? You know, in case you ever find yourself in San Francisco,” Cindy quickly asked, hopeful.
And with that, Dean got out of the car while Cas remained inside, his gaze now on Dean as he was outside knocking on the hood of the Continental to get his attention. Cas got out and followed him back to the room. Dean set their dinners up at the table. Cas sat down wordlessly and started eating.
After a few minutes, Cas asked, trying to keep his voice steady, “Are you really going to give Cindy a call?”
“Tell Sam I was unable to find anything about Metatron’s whereabouts. But something called Fortune Nookie was mentioned, but I’m not sure what that is exactly. Could you ask him for me, Dean?”
Cas just gave him a hard glare as their food arrived. Neither said anything as they ate; Cas sat listening to the sounds of the diner around them, the soft mingling of conversations from other patrons. The clinking of silverware on dishes, the puttering of the ancient air conditioner which hung in the corner, were sounds that reminded him of the home he grew up in. It was a place where he’d made wonderful friendships. Since accepting the job in Los Angeles, he often wondered how he would fit in with his peers as well as the city.
Dean loved when Cas begged him, would never get enough of hearing that pure desperation. With his free hand he started unbuckling Cas’ belt, removing his hand from inside to tug the pants down. Cas lifted his hips, gathering the fabric where he could reach in an effort to remove them as quickly as possible. Dean reached over towards the nightstand, opening the top drawer for the bottle of lube while Cas shimmied out of both pants and underwear, dropping them on the floor by the bed. Bracing his knees on either side of Cas, Dean took off his flannel shirt as well as the tee shirt underneath, tossing them to the floor by where Cas’ discarded clothes were, biting his bottom lip with anticipation. He loved when Cas kept the bright white dress shirt on while the rest of him was naked. A personal challenge to see if they could actually make a wrinkle or two in the fabric.
Castiel looked over, watching Dean turn his head to look back at the TV, though they both knew he wasn’t watching it. “You sure you want to drive the van back?”
Cas started moaning in appreciation, though Dean could tell he was trying to bite it back. Even so, the sound went directly to Dean's cock as he imagined those same sounds coming from a very enjoyable activity. He willed himself not to
Cas looked at Dean and blinked a couple times before answering. “I don't know if I can do this, Dean.” His voice was soft and unsure, leaving him questioning if Dean heard him over the sounds of the diner. Or perhaps he was hoping Dean couldn't.
Wordlessly, Dean made his way to his room, the door standing ajar. Slowly pushing the door the rest of the way open, he was greeted by the sight of Cas sitting on the bed. His trenchcoat was off, hanging neatly over the back of the desk chair, and he was watching Dean.
“Urgh! AAH... CAS, I'M… I'M…” Dean never finished his sentence, coming in thick white ribbons on his chest and stomach. Cas simply took him back into his mouth, milking him as he swallowed every drop that came out, then licked the mess from Dean’s skin. Once Dean relaxed, Cas got up and looked up at his panting friend, the poor guy was just sprawled on the bed completely boneless. Cas just smiled smugly, standing up and wiping the corner of his mouth with his thumb before bending down and picking up his discarded tee shirt and tossing Dean's at him.
“Once you find one, let me know. I'll tell you if he's gouging you or not,” Dean said, very seriously. Castiel found himself smiling.
They ordered once the waitress came over. Naturally, Dean ordered eggs, toast with extra bacon. Cas stuck with Dean’s suggestion of oatmeal as well as toast.
Cas slid down against the back of the tub, sighing with contentment. It was nice not feeling constant vibrations throughout his back from driving, but he couldn’t help but wish he’d insisted on flying to L.A., fought harder against Dean's refusal to fly. They sure as hell would never have ended up in the situation they had that morning… But, he had to admit, moments such as soaking made up for it. Somewhat.
Any further concerns about Fortune Nookie were dashed when he felt the spell taking hold of him again. Remnants of memory from when Rowena cursed him came rushing to the surface. Thankfully he didn’t have any more convulsions. Feeling worn out, he folded his arms on the table, laying his head down on top of them. He must have dozed off since the next thing he knew Dean was gently shaking him awake.
He slipped his lubed finger inside of Cas as well, causing Cas to cry out in surprise. Moving his hand, he fingered Cas, his fingertip grazing Cas’ prostate, causing another series of loud cries to fill the room. Dean stroked him at the same pace as his hand fingering Cas.
. Who knew his voice actually got that high? Cas smirked around Dean’s cock, loving hearing him coming apart. It might be his new favorite sound.
Dean startled a bit at the smack, glaring as Cas laughed. “Asshole,” he grumbled, sitting up as he rubbed his eye with his finger.
. Panting, his head fell forward as he squeezed his eyes shut. He just came to the image of his best friend, and it had been one of the best orgasms to date. Other than that morning. What the hell was wrong with him? Cleaning himself again quickly, he got out and dried himself. A sudden moment of panic washed over him. Had Cas heard him? Had he known he was in the starring role of Dean’s thoughts?
His surroundings slowly returned to him, hearing Sam’s droning but still caught up in the memory. “So, that was the last of the neighbors, just like the rest.” Dean heard him distantly but the memory refused to allow him to fully pay attention.
“We should probably start heading out. Got a long way to go,” Dean piped up quickly, pulling Cas back out of his thoughts.
“I'm done, I'm done,” Dean reassured him with a chuckle, lightly patting him on the back. Then, Dean moved his hands down and started massaging again. The knot in Cas’ back wasn't as tight but was still there. After a few minutes, he felt the knot loosening up.
Blowing out a breath, he shook his head. No, a pet wasn’t the best option. Maybe he’d just scope out the nightlife like every other red-blooded, healthy male. See what some of the places around him had to offer in means of companionship. Hell, he was only twenty-five! He wasn't sure if he even wanted to dive back into another relationship, especially since the last one crashed and burned so horrifically. He had numerous one-night stands since then, the occasional two-night stand, and had only slowed down after Cas became concerned and persuaded him to getting checked out. He wasn't promiscuous, at least not in his eyes. He just liked sex. He wouldn't say no to another relationship when he was older... maybe marry, have a couple kids, even get that dog.
Cas agreed as Sam grabbed his laptop and a legal pad to write down simple directions for him as Dean returned, “So, we doing this or what?”
“Hey, what about oatmeal?” Dean suggested. “You haven't had that for awhile. Least not since we left.”
He tells Sam he thinks she had saved him before they trek back to find the car. Naturally, Sam is full of questions and has no more answers than Dean. He tells Sam that she had thanked him. This he remembered clearly. He had been the one who bore the Mark, even if Sam had been the one to say the spell that removed it and set her free. It had been him she had thanked, and Dean had felt her energy, which sure hadn’t done anything to reassure him except confirming she was, in fact, evil.
His heart stopped momentarily. Was the spell returning? Did Rowena trick them into believing the spell had been removed. “What are you asking?”
. He’d always loved writing and it was his sophomore year of high school when he decided to submit articles for the student paper. For a shy child such as himself, all he had to do was quietly listen to schoolmates as they easily talked about the latest trends, gossiped about who was dating who. He been practically invisible to his peers and they never seemed hesitant to talk while he was in earshot. It made easy work out of writing pieces about the going-ons at Lawrence High.
“Of course,” Dean scoffed, getting up to go to his duffle bag. Digging into the side pocket, he pulled out a deck of cards. “Yahtzee,” he said triumphantly as he came back to the table.
Before either of them could say anything else, their waitress came over with waters and to take their order. Cas surprised Dean by ordering the ‘Sunrise Special’ instead of his usual oats and toast, while Dean ordered another breakfast platter that offered hotcakes, scrambled eggs, and bacon. Their waitress wrote the order down before walking away.
“If you were human, you’d be gone,” Dean said, unsure why he had to say that. The last thing he wanted was Cas in pain or gone. “With you, it’s like it’s digging deeper.”
Cas groaned as he rolled onto his back, opening his eyes to look at Dean. “I thought you wanted to sleep in?”
“Yes, thank you, Sam. I’m not better, but I’m not worse either. I think whatever happened is over. But I have my phone in case I do need Dea-- I mean, both of you.” He blushed at his near blunder. Dean had been adamant about Sam not finding out about them. At least not yet. And Cas promised he wouldn’t say or do anything to jeopardize that, even if it meant temporarily lying to Sam.
“All right, smart ass,” Dean retorted. He made no apologies for liking anime, even if he did have to sneak into the bathroom for some relief.
“It went well. No problems. Just a very long drive… No, tomorrow's the same... We're going the same way again, so we'll be in Colorado by tomorrow night. We'll be staying the night in Grand Junction…” He laughed at his mother’s groan, easily picturing the expression on her face. “I know it's long. I'm feeling it… I know... We do stop, Mom… Yes, as much as either of us need… I have to go. Dean's coming back… Yes, I'll call before we leave… I love you, too… I'll let him know. Bye, Mom.” He hung up with a sigh, getting out of the van as Dean returned.
“Yeah, we’re always locked away in the room. Why don’t we go out and grab a drink? Might help with you feeling restless.”
What? Oh, right. The road trip. “Yeah. We should be getting there about seven. What time is it now?” he asked, looking at his watch. “Just after three-thirty. So, yeah. Definitely better than last time.”
. He was going to be forced to watch Dean's continuing flirtation with this giggly bimbo. His smile fell, turning around to the van and unscrewing the gas cap. Keeping his back to them, he grabbed the pump hose and put it the truck's tank, praying for the world to swallow him whole.
Cas bumped him in return Dean chuckled softly. They finished eating a few minutes later. Cas sighed from the fullness in his stomach and Dean was the first one to stand up, pulling money out of his pocket.
“You know, Cas,” Sam tried, “we got the Codex. That’s a start. You know, it’ll slow Rowena down some. If we’d killed her, the Book of the Damned would’ve been lost.”
Confident Cas would start to move, Dean headed in the direction of the bathroom to shower. Castiel sat up slowly, his eyes half closed as he waited to see how his body would feel. Surprisingly, his back felt fine. He slipped off the edge of the bed and dug through his own bag on the dresser, trying not to think about the massage Dean gave him the night before.
“Um,” Cas said, tilting his head back slightly as if the answer was floating in the air above him. Clicking his tongue softly before telling them about Metatron’s love for waffles.
Cindy giggled again as if he said the funniest thing in the world. Dean simply glanced at Cas who was rolling his eyes with a dark expression. Okay... So, not jealous of him. Another thought came to him and Dean found himself unable to stop staring at Cas. Cindy gave his arm one last squeeze as she handed him back his phone. He just mindlessly pushed it back into pocket without another glance in her direction.
Dean gently rolled Cas onto his back, never breaking their kiss. His fingers fumbled slightly as he undid each button on Cas’ dress shirt, moving his mouth from Cas’ lips down to his neck, licking at the skin over his  pulse point before moving further down. Cas’ soft moans encouraged him as Dean began kissing the exposed skin of Cas’ chest, trailing his tongue towards Cas’ right nipple, the tip of his tongue teasingly stroking around the tip of the stiff nub. Cas moaned louder in encouragement, Dean smiling at how much he was turning on his angel. Dean’s left hand stroked Cas’ stomach, his fingers trailing along Cas’ ribs, chuckling as he felt Cas flinch under his hands, pleading for no tickling. This time was for their pleasure. Tickling games could wait. Moving his hand away from the sensitive ribs, Dean expertly unzipped Cas’ pants, snaking a hand inside, pulling his underwear down to wrap a hand around Cas’ quickly stiffening cock. A louder moan escaped from Cas, writhing slightly in pleasure.
Once outside, Cas held his hand out to Dean, silently asking for the van’s keys. Dean glanced at the Continental, almost scrunching his nose in disgust at the thought of driving the vehicle. But he ended up handing over the keys over anyways. It wasn't the first time he’d driven Cas’ car, there’d been a couple times Baby had been out of commission due to needing a new fuel pump or a new catalytic converter, and they had planned. The Continental wasn't a
They finally reached the hotel around six-thirty. Pulling into a parking space, Cas decided to call his parents, letting them know they made it safely. He looked up, seeing Dean's reflection in side mirror approaching, and Cas opened the door as he held the phone up to his ear.
Dean sighed as he practically bounced on the bed in a supine position, grabbing the remote, getting comfortable as he watched TV.
“I don’t know about that.” Dean sighed, shifting awkwardly and walking to his bag for a new set of clothes. “I think I'm gonna take a shower,” he said quickly and rushing to the bathroom.
The sound of the door slamming shut and Dean calling out his name woke him up with a start, water splashing slightly over the side of the tub. He didn't even remember falling asleep. The bath water now was cold and he had slid down so far his mouth was just hitting the water’s edge. Cas quickly got out, dried himself off, and got dressed. Coming out of the bathroom he saw Dean standing at the small table tucked in the corner, pulling out what looked like a chicken sandwich and fries.
“It’s fine, Dean. I didn't think anything about it. It just surprised me. But it's fine,” he gave him a small practiced smile. The same smile he perfected over the years whenever his feelings got hurt.
He had to learn to control his own body. To be fair, he hadn’t been expecting the hug, however nice it was to hold Cas. Forcing himself back in control, Dean made his way to the moving van.
Dean draped an arm over his eyes, his breathing slowly returned to normal. Neither one of them in a hurry to move.
By the time Dean finished in the bathroom, Cas was dressed, had taken a few Tylenol, and had packed the few things that he’d managed to spread around the room. He took his turns in the bathroom as soon as Dean came out of it.
Cas nodded, swallowing hard as Dean moved in closer. He was unable to stop thinking how this is what they would like if they were having sex.
“Oh, all right,” she said softly. Tears started springing up in her eyes as she hugged Cas tightly again, his dad joining in for a group hug.
“About six hours away. Depending on how often we stop, we'll get there around seven. Maybe eight o’clock the latest.”
Dean rolled his eyes as his parents softly bickered. It was a common occurrence in the Winchester home. Cas always felt as if they had a tumultuous marriage, but Dean explained a few times that was just his parents’ way. It was when they
“N-nothing,” Dean answered, looking away from Cas and around the station, anything to keep from meeting his friend’s gaze and being forced to analyze it. Or worse, have himself analyzed.
“What happened? I thought you understood why we had to restrain you?” Dean asked, trying his damnedest not to sound accusatory.
“Uh, yeah. I'll take the cheeseburger,” Dean answered, eyes scanning the manu once more. “Oh! And an order of fries.”
Cas sighed, shaking his head as he picked up his sandwich and took a bite. Dean couldn't stop from staring. Cas looked at him with a raised eyebrow in question. Instead of answering, Dean simply looked away, starting to eat his own food.
Cas shouldn't have been surprised Dean remembered the restaurant. He always remembered places where he could get a good slice of pie.
“Dean, Cas will be here for however long he has to be chained, all right? It won’t hurt for him to at least look. Besides, Cas has said he wants to help and this’ll help,” Sam explained, looking up at him.
The next morning, Cas was the first one awake. He looked at the blanket draped over him in confusion, not remembering when he grabbed it. Dean was still sleeping, his arms hugging his pillow. Cas just sat up and studied him, hoping things were less awkward between them, lost in his thoughts when Dean woke up. The sound of him snorting softly brought Cas out of his thoughts . Dean’s eyes slowly opened, blinking a few times to remove the cobwebs. For a few long minutes, neither one said anything, just looked at each other. Cas was the first one to smile, Dean returning it easily. Maybe they were okay now.
Dean gave him a quick kiss and a soft stroke to his hair before heading down the hallway. Sure enough, Sam showed up a few minutes later wearing his suit, coming over to sit next to him at the table. Despite everything that happened over the years, he truly felt lucky to still call the younger Winchester ‘friend’.
“I'm just feeling restless again, I think. And, no. I don't want another massage. You cheat by tickling me,” he narrowed his eyes at him.
“Eh, I hadn't really thought about it. But you know me, I tend to be sentimental. I might fight to keep my number.”
“Mom said hi and the typical be safe speech.” He smiled as he rolled his eyes. “I'm thinking we'll cut it short today.”
Cas knew exactly what was wrong. Dean was what was wrong. Cas was still struggling with his feelings. Nights in the hotel rooms only made things worse. He desperately wanted to touch Dean again but knew it wouldn't be welcomed. The man was everything Cas wanted. Dean was smart, and funny, and kind hearted, and so damn hot. He wasn't even sure what Dean’s best quality was. Maybe his green eyes which sparkled whenever he was being playful or laughed. Or maybe his dimples. Or maybe the way he threw his whole body into the way he laughed at something.
Cas hated being in a bad mood but there was no way he would, or could, say what was wrong out loud, much less out loud to Dean. Why couldn’t he just move on and stop caring like Dean obviously had? Why did he have to keep thinking about Dean – about that morning and every morning they’d had together? He couldn’t get the sound of Dean crying out in ecstasy as he orgasmed out of his head. It was music and torture. Cas curled up in a ball under the sheets, willing himself to fall asleep.
“Nothing,” Dean answered quickly. “Just anxious to get back on the road. I want to get to the hotel is all.” He swallowed, his mouth felt absolutely dry.
Cas stood nearly nose-to-nose with Dean, trying desperately to grab for the check as Dean chuckled, still playing keepaway. Frustrated, Cas poked Dean’s side, making him jump and squirm away.
“Just remembering all the good times here,” Cas answered. He turned on his stool to look the tables behind them. “I spent so many mornings here, cramming for finals or finishing homework.”
“Do you need anything?” Chuck asked, smiling at his wife's antics and meeting his son’s eyes over her shoulder.
Dean moaned softly, reaching up to cup Cas’ face with a hand. Their kisses grew deeper, more desperate. He gasped softly when Cas suddenly spun them and pushed him against the dresser. Cas’ hands clung to the back of Dean's shirt in fistfuls, pulling the material up. Getting the hint, Dean broke contact long enough to pull his shirt off, dropping it by their feet.
Dean’s eyes widened slightly, feeling himself blushing. What the hell? Sam was getting Cas squared away on his laptop, not Dean’s. And how did Cas even get it? His chains didn’t reach that far. Sam had to have given it to him. Fucking great. Now he was forced to try to get himself out of this fresh hell of Cas’ curiosity. “Uh, I’ll… I’ll explain it later, okay? But r-right now I can’t. I..uh… have to-to go. Now,” Dean stammered, still blushing, as he quickly left the library.
“No. No, absolutely not. You stop right there,” Cas told him firmly as he walked backwards. “Dean, I mean it.”
“Are you okay?” Sam asked, ignoring Dean’s glare. Of course he wasn’t okay. Who would be after that?
“Sammy did a couple times, too. We'd come here all the time before finals in his senior year. You know him, always stressing about doing good on them.”
“Dean! I want…,” Cas moaned, unable to finish his thoughts. “I want… I need…” He tried again unsuccessfully.
Cas watched in silence, sighing as he followed him out, grabbing his own bag. Obviously, talking about what happened wasn’t something Dean was interested in doing. He’d caught his breath and practically sprinted out the door. Cas walked to the car, opening the back door and tossed his bag inside, angry with himself. He left the door wide open for Dean to add his bag and heading towards the van, feeling hot tears burning at the corners of his eyes as he got inside. He couldn’t help but slam the door behind him.
He hadn’t had a good lay in months, maybe even a year or more.  He’d thought about it the few times Cas had taken him to hunt, but ultimately he’d shied away from the people he could see.  It didn’t feel right, like he was breaking Cas’s trust or something.  He knew that didn’t make any sense, but there was some kind of guilt in his heart every time he thought about hoofing it to a local bar.  Whatever, his head just wasn’t in the game right now.  He’d work himself over again later was all.  Things like this happened from time to time, he wasn’t an old man but people experienced ED sometimes!
“¡Hombre asqueroso! ¡Abandona este lugar!”  The spectre of a beautiful and furious woman shrieked as she flew towards Dean from across the small room.
“Front door.”  He answered gruffly.  He was feeling emotional all of a sudden and was doing his best to tamp it down.
“I don’t know!  Just in case!  Jesus, why is everyone giving me the third degree recently?”  Dean threw back at him defensively.
“Of course not.” Dean sighed heavily. “So, this is a forever type situation? What the hell are you going to do with me? Feed me to your young or something?”
Cas had been gone a couple days now and Dean wasn’t sure when to expect him back.  He was bored and he hated to admit it, but he was feeling lonely as well.  Who would have thought he’d miss the company of the autistic Big Bird?  But, here he was, moping around the mansion like some stood up prom date.  He’d tried watching a movie, but it wasn’t the same without Cas’s dry commentary; tried listening to music, but realized it was more interesting when he could share anecdotes about the songs with Cas; even tried masturbating for a time, which he hadn’t done in weeks.  But it just didn’t feel right and he’d give up sweaty, frustrated and wanting.
Dean stepped around the bird and made his way to the large bed.  He dumped his duffel on the rug and pressed a firm hand against the mattress.  It seemed to engulf his skin and Dean was surprised to realize that there were feathers inside of the mattress.  Yet another old-timey item and he frowned at a disturbing thought.
The eclectic little family had a raucous dinner, full of Dean regaling them with tales of the desert and Sam countering with Pam’s reaction to his miraculous cure.  Bobby mostly listened to his sons talk, happy beyond all belief that they were all here together again.  He would need to remember to call John later and let him know to call off the manhunt for his oldest son.
Castiel looked uncomfortable. He shifted uneasily on his feet and shook his head a few times. Dean had had almost enough of this. Sure the magic healing thing had been cool, but this bird was talking in riddles and half-answers and his patience was almost worn away. He hadn't slept in almost 24 hours and this was not the best time to be fucking with him.
The three men and the large bird didn’t look like they’d moved since Dean had left them.  At least no one was dead…  Cas lifted the wing closest to Dean without bothering to look at him.  Dean hesitated for a moment, looking at his family mournfully.
Sam blinked at him in surprise but Bobby was quicker to bounce back.  “Alright, and what exactly have you been doing there?”
He had shaken his head a couple of times to try and clear it before walking back swiftly to the ER doors.
That surprised Sam.  He blinked at Dean in disbelief for a few times before shaking his head to clear it.  “Very funny, Dean.”  He said dismissively.
He fished around in his bag and pulled out the meager toiletries he’d brought with him.  He’d spied a towel hanging off the side of the copper tub earlier so that settled that.  He placed his toothbrush and toothpaste on the edges of the clay sink built into the wall of the bathroom.  He tested one of the knobs at its edge to verify that it did indeed have running water.  He reached his hand under the steady stream and splashed it across his face.  It was cool on his skin and he closed his eyes to focus on the sensation.  There were tears coming, not yet, but they were on the horizon.  He would make the best of this situation, but he was essentially a prisoner here, he’d given up his freedom for his brother.  It was an easy trade, but Dean still needed to mourn the life he’d just lost.
“Cas!  This is great!  Thank you!”  Without thinking much of it, Dean nearly vaulted himself over the table to wrap his arms around the large creature.  He buried his face deep in the feathers around Cas’s neck and squeezed him as hard as he could.
Dean had only been asleep for what felt like minutes when a noise startled him awake.  It was soft, hardly more than a whisper, but his ears were tuned to notice any irregularities in his surroundings.  He remained still and waited.  After a few seconds, the sound came again.  It was hard to pick out, and if there had been any interference from cars outside or a television downstairs, it probably would have gone unnoticed.
“Nothing, bitch!  I’m fine, maybe you can’t see with all that hair in your face!” Dean snapped at him defensively.
And then a crushing sense of guilt was weighing on Dean.  He’d been trying to make a light-hearted, if bitchy, joke but now he felt bad for it.  Of course Sam had been worried.  Dean had just magically appeared one day after going missing for months.  And now he was trying to blow Sam off with a stupid retort.  He was a dick.
He kept his comments to himself and walked towards the indicated archway.  Sure enough, there was more in this room.  It looked like it was meant to be a bathroom.  There was a sink and what he assumed was a toilet in here, but no shower.  He groaned in dismay.
Sam was put off for all of a few seconds before he brightened and moved on to another series of papers he had.  “Ok, well!  My next guess…” Sam continued on and on for what felt like hours.  He offered multiple theories, multiple creatures, things ranging from a caladrius (which wasn’t large enough) or a shapeshifter (who didn’t have healing powers), to angels and the god Ascelpius.
So, he took a deep breath and laid it all out for him.  He skipped the crying parts and anything else that he didn’t think Sam needed to know.  But, he gave him everything else.  The bird, the fight, Dean’s cut healing, and Castiel’s promise to heal Sam.  Sam’s face morphed between disbelief, anger, then back again during the whole thing.  Dean spoke quickly in an effort to get the whole story out.  Now that he was saying it out loud it sounded even more fucking ridiculous than it had to actually live it.
Bobby approached them cautiously, eyes watching Cas warily.  When he reached them, he finally extended a hand to Dean and Dean clasped it firmly.  “Take care of yourself, son.”  He said earnestly.  Dean smiled at him and nodded in agreement.  Bobby turned narrowed eyes back on Cas.  “We want him back, ya hear?  In the same condition he’s leaving in.”
Luckily, it was summer out, as Dean quickly realized that he was barefoot while he was loading the Impala.
It was gone in an instant and Dean blinked away the black spots that littered his vision.  He took an anxious step towards his brother, his vision still spotty.   He frowned and did his best to focus.  He watched the steady rise and fall of his chest with wide eyes.  At first, it didn’t seem as if anything had changed and Dean felt his heart stutter in his chest in despair.  He took another step towards his brother and leaned closer to his chest.  No, there WAS a change.
They greeted the brothers warmly before reaching over to take Sam’s weight from Dean and lead him into the back.  Dean stopped them and pressed the bottles of pills into the hands of the bearded nurse and the man nodded to him with a pleasant smile.  Dean felt the tension in his chest ease somewhat.  He’d gotten them here and the staff at the hospital was fantastic.  Sam was in good hands now.  They would work to figure out just what was wrong before they admitted him to a bed upstairs.
Dean gave his brother a wry smile.  Sam’s relationship with John had never been a good one and apparently it hadn’t gotten better in Dean’s absence.  Dean still felt a twinge of discomfort whenever Sam spoke poorly of the man, but he’d been learning to let it go.  There had been a time when he’d worshipped John.  But, after watching him almost kill Sam through his negligence more than once, most of the hero worship had faded.
. Despite himself, Dean smiled as he remembered the conversation he and Cas had had after watching that movie together for the first time.
Dean sighed in irritation at the bird’s riddles but took him at his word.  “If you say so.”  Dean took a hold of the fleshy part of Cas’s wing, near his shoulder and lay his other palm flat against the bird’s back.  “On three, buddy.”  He said to prepare him.
“So!  What’s for grub?”  Dean asked with a perky smile.  He hadn’t had a properly greasy meal in months and he was really looking forward to gorging himself on every conceivable artery clogging meal he could get his hands on.
Dean's hands stilled immediately and his breathing increased. How the hell did this thing know that. Hopefully, it couldn't read minds. He would really be fucked if his thoughts telegraphed his moves before he even made them. If that was the case, this thing likely already knew that he was after a gun. Shit.
The weight in Dean’s stomach lifted slightly and he settled his head back against Cas’s chest.  He hadn’t gotten much sleep the night before, and after all the emotional turmoil of the morning, he found that exhaustion was weighing his eyelids down.
Dean’s thoughts were all over the place.  Though this whole situation was almost routine for them, he still felt the terror he did everytime he had to drive Sam to the hospital during one of these coughing fits.
The silence around the table was deafening.  Dean winced as he pictured the looks on their faces.  This was a horrible way to do this, he was such shit at these emotional revelations.
“Actually, I’m not sure.”  Dean answered with a frown.  “He didn’t give me anything specific.  Knowing him, it’ll be the exact time he dropped me off, which was…?”
And with that, John exited Dean’s room like he’d completely settled the issue and there wasn’t anything else left to say.  Dean stared down at the knife in his hands with his emotions and thoughts in turmoil.  John had a point, and if hadn’t been for Sam’s health, Dean wouldn’t have thought twice about ganking Cas.  But… Cas HAD healed Sam and he hadn’t done anything to Dean other than spend time with him.  Every decision Dean had made, he’d made willingly, right?  After speaking with John, he wasn’t so sure.  Had all of this been a ruse?  Was Cas using him for some greater nefarious purpose?
He scrubbed a hand over his face and used the bottom of his shirt to dry himself off.  He twisted the knob on the sink to cut off the flow of water and frowned at the place where a mirror would normally be.  That would take some getting used too.
The bird shifted on its large taloned feet and shuffled its wings against its back. It looked unsure of itself for a moment before its expression seemed to harden. Its breast puffed up importantly before the slow and solemn voice floated into Dean's mind.
She patted Sam on the knee fondly a few times.  “Get some rest, Sam.”  She nodded to Dean and Bobby as she passed them and they returned the gesture stiffly.  “And I mean it, say goodnight, then I’m having a nurse come in and usher you out.”  She added at the door.
He shivered, but it wasn’t due to the chill in the air.  He refused to meet John’s eyes right now.  He had no doubt there would be disappointment and anger in them and he couldn’t deal with that on top of everything else.
The atmosphere in the kitchen was tense when he entered.  Apparently, he’d slept in, or was at least the last to get up that morning.  Three sets of tense eyes turned towards him when he stepped through the entryway.  It was obvious by the looks on their faces that he’d interrupted some pretty intense discussions.  He paused for half a second before continuing on as if nothing was happening.  He could feel them watching him from behind his back as he poured himself a cup of coffee.  In reality, all he wanted to do was take the drink and walk right the fuck out the back door.  But he was a grown man, so he took his drink and settled himself at the table along with everyone else instead.
Castiel gave him a strange look but didn’t comment on Dean’s behavior.  He hopped awkwardly around the room and towards the table closest to the ovens.  Dean finally noticed that that table was loaded with a variety of vegetables and what looked like a whole chicken.  Castiel settled himself at the table.  He shifted on his large feet briefly and fluffed his wings a few times before seeming satisfied.
He was lucky, the doctors had told them, lucky that Sam had been born now and not fifty years ago.  He could live many years with the treatments available now.  If it had been just fifty years ago he likely wouldn’t have made it to his tenth birthday.
“Man or woman?”  Dean asked with an impish smile.  Cas looked confused for a moment before lowering his head.
Dean yawned loudly as exited the bathroom one morning.  He’d been a little groggy this morning, but he’d finally started to adjust again to sleeping in his bed.
Dean thought in irritation.  As if the thought itself conjured the creature, a bang echoed throughout the house.  Dean stood immediately and looked around in suspicion.
Dean chuckled happily.  “‘I’ll have to start a list of things to show you then, Cas.  We can listen to Motorhead for a bit after the movie and you can ask me questions.”
“Ok, we're in here. Now spill.” Dean said in irritation. He didn't like being this far from the car. And yeah, if Castiel wanted to kill him he would have done so already, probably, but it still made him uneasy. There were fates worse than death and he didn't want to experience them firsthand.
He didn’t bother with a shower; he simply splashed some cold water on his face and brushed his teeth.  It served to make him feel at least marginally human.  And more than that, he attempted to brace himself for the shitstorm coming his way today.
The atmosphere in the house was a little tense whenever John was around now, but true to his word, the man didn’t engage in any more screaming matches with his sons.  There was a strange calculating look in his eye whenever he focused on Dean though and that was a little unsettling.  But, the four of them spent a fairly pleasant week and a half together.
They were close to halfway through their time together, though Dean didn’t know that.  It had been a little over 6 months since Dean had come here and they had gotten to know one another very well in that time.  Castiel treasured Dean’s company, the sound of his boots on the clay floors, the way he chewed with his mouth opened, the red/brown beard he’d grown since arriving.  It was all precious to him in a way he couldn’t describe.
He packed his scattered items back into his bag, grinning like a loon the whole time.  Cas had said that he would be back tomorrow morning unless Dean needed him.  Did he want to stay out here the rest of the night or call for Cas and go home now?  Regardless of how freeing being out here was, a warm bath sounded amazing at the moment.  And if Cas was willing to let him out and about for hunts, then this surely wouldn’t be the last time he’d get some real fresh air.  No, he was in a great mood and it might be a good idea for Cas to see that.  He hadn’t been too pleasant to the bird in the last few months and Cas didn’t really deserve it.  Dean should give him some sort of a thank you, but if nothing else, he could be nicer to him.
Dean blinked suddenly and felt himself blush at being caught.  He waved awkwardly to Cas and trotted towards the entrance to the courtyard.  Cas pulled his wings back against his body and shifted them a few times to get comfortable.  He was still a large bird, but he looked less imposing, and perhaps less beautiful, with his wings pulled in.  It put Dean back at ease as this was the Cas he’d gotten used too over the last few weeks.
He yawned widely and rubbed a rough hand against the back of his head.  “Maybe if SOMEONE hadn’t been hiding a lung infection from me for weeks I would have been able to get some sleep.”
He’d already done as much research on Castiel as he could without raising suspicions.  He hadn’t found anything that described what he’d seen in the forest that night.  He hoped that wasn’t going to come back and bite him in the ass, but knowing his luck, it likely would.
Bobby frowned at that and tapped an agitated finger on the kitchen table.  “That’s all well and good, boy.  But, WHERE have you been?”
There was a large bed against a far wall, and while the frame looked worn, it also looked sturdy and fit into the aesthetic of the clay building.  The mattress atop it looked new and the stark white of the sheets and comforter were startling.  It looked… amazing, to be perfectly honest.  Dean’s old bed had been serviceable, he’d had it for a lot of years.  But, this one… Dean could almost imagine his neck aches disappearing in a bed like this.
Bobby merely humphed and crossed his arms before nodding his head towards the nurse waiting on them patiently.
Dean seemed a little crestfallen by that response, but it only affected him for a split second before his enthusiasm was back.  “Yeah, sure!  If you need me to rub it or anything let me know, we want you in tip-top shape ASAP!”
He yawned again and kicked the duffel under the bed.  He crawled unceremoniously onto the large feather mattress and nearly collapsed atop it.  It was so soooooooooft.  He shimmied quickly under the covers and pulled them up under his chin.  He shifted himself from side to side before he was comfortable.  He sighed happily just as the sconces around him clicked off.  The room was plunged into absolute darkness and Dean felt a slight bolt of fear shoot through him.
Sam spread his papers across the table.  He indicated a sheet with a large image on it.  “Now, most commonly, the thunderbird is large enough that the flapping of its wings mimics or brings the sound of thunder, hence the name.  It’s also attributed with different sorts of properties depending on the tribe and the area they inhabit.”
And with that, Dean hiked his duffle over one shoulder, and followed Castiel inside the arched doorway of the clay mansion.
Dean thought angrily to himself.  He took a moment to collect himself before he raised an eyebrow at Castiel and looked him over critically.
Obviously, he knew how large Cas was.  He saw him everyday, but he wasn’t sure he’d ever really seen him with his wings out like this.  They were beautiful.  Varying shades of black and grey, tipped here and there in white.  As he watched, Cas flexed the wings this way and that, as if sunning himself.  Dean could see that the feathers on the inside were white with dark bands of grey and black near the ends.  The small feathers around the tops of the wings fluffed up suddenly and Dean was surprised to see that Cas had suddenly become fluffy.
They migrated to the living room as it was more comfortable.  It took several hours and a few frustrated and disbelieving noises before Bobby and Sam were satisfied with his explanation.  He had left out quite a bit just to be safe, and neglected to mention that he wasn’t home TO STAY, but he would get around to it.  He needed a break for now anyway.
Dean immediately held up a hand, preventing his brother from continuing his train of thought.  “You’re right, I DID say that.”  Dean gave his brother a pointed look, letting him know in no uncertain terms to drop the subject.
“Hush. We do this every time, I call you Singer, you deny it, and I have to remind you that your daddy is sitting in the room and you're being impolite.” She turned to Bobby and shrugged her shoulders. “Kids.”
“I believe in you Dean, you can do this.  You’re stronger than whatever spell you’re under.”  John’s voice was sincere and Dean felt tears well up in his eyes at the man’s words.
She was obviously still tied to something in the building, he just needed to figure out what it was.  Another shriek let him know that she had rematerialized.  He spun around quickly and whipped his pipe around again.  He had missed her this time though and she used her ghost mojo to slam him against a far wall.  He fell to the ground with a thud and a groan before rolling to the side and scrambling quickly to his feet.
Dean stepped confidently outside the room and put his hands on his hips.  Now which way?  He better make sure he could find his way back to his room first.  He nodded to himself before walking swiftly down the hall the way they had come.  He took a couple wrong turns initially, but after a few minutes he was back to his new bedroom.
Sam grinned at him broadly.  “That’s James Bond’s car, right?”  Sam’s eyes grew distant as he thought.  “Man, I bet that was cool.”
He was too lost in his wanderings to realize that he was just standing at an open window and outright ogling Cas.  It didn’t take Cas long to realize that he had a peeper though and after a time he turned his head and made eye contact with Dean.
John’s dark head appeared around the corner of the entryway and Dean paused awkwardly in the middle of the living room.  He and John stared at one another for a moment before his father’s face broke into a watery smile.
The two of them stood together silently for a moment, before Bobby released him and rubbed at his eyes angrily.  The atmosphere of the room was tense and uncomfortable now.  Dean hadn’t really thought about the fallout his absence would cause.  In his mind they were all going to be overjoyed to see each other and would then eat greasy hamburgers while teasing Sam for being a giant monster man now.  And of course they WERE overjoyed to see one another, but that was tampered with the pain of his sudden reappearance.
“I’ve got to put this back in place.  Do you… are your bones like, hollow?  Am I gonna break one if I apply pressure?”  Dean asked seriously.  This needed to be set, but he didn’t want to make the situation worse.
It was a little surreal walking back into his old room.  He hadn’t been in here for six months and it looked exactly the same as it always had.  He ran his fingertips over his nightstand and wrinkled his nose at the dust that had collected there.  He sat down heavily on his old bedspread and smoothed his palms over the fabric with a wistful smile.  He’d never really decorated in here, there weren’t a lot of personal tokens.  Some nudey mags under the mattress, clothes in the closet and dresser, some odds and ends here and there.  But, nothing really that definitively said, “This is Dean Winchester’s room, this is where he slept, this was where he lived.”  It was a strange thought but he was in a strange mood.
The thing had the audacity to look surprised at the gun pointed at it. Or as surprised as a bird COULD look anyway.
Dean knew that he was being obnoxious.  He’d told Cas this damn story at least three times, but he couldn’t seem to help himself.  He was just so damn excited!  He’d been cooped up here for weeks (months?) and it had felt amazing to be out in the world doing what he loved.  He was still running on adrenaline, but he could tell that his body was slowing.  He’d been up for over 24 hours at this point and he was exhausted.
Sam was looking at him with a broken expression on his face.  His cheeks were flushed with anger and his eyes were shiny with tears.  Dean’s hands were shaking violently and he blinked rapidly a few times, trying to hold back his own tears.  There wasn’t anything to say, there wasn’t anything to do.  Dean hadn’t made peace with Sam’s diagnosis for the last 14 years, but that didn’t mean that Sam hadn’t.  Sam knew what his next few years would look like, it was just Bobby and Dean who were pretending like they would be different.  Impotent fury rolled through him.  There wasn’t anything he could do!  He could joke and he could comfort until the sun burned out, but it wouldn’t change anything.  Sam was going to die, they both knew it, it was only a matter of time.
The bright beam of a car’s headlights flashed between the blinds of the living room and Sam and Dean both paused and looked towards the sound of crunching gravel.  A car had pulled into the driveway and the likelihood that it was a lost tourist wasn’t high.  The brothers looked at one another and sighed.  As if the tensions in the house couldn’t get any worse, here was the worst possible thing to drop into their laps.
Dean puzzled at that for a moment before nodding in understanding.  “Like cramped?  Yeah, I could see that.  Why don’t you go out and fly around for a bit?”
Castiel answered easily.  The large bird then hunched his head and tucked his wings closer to his body in order to duck under the large arched entryway that led into the structure.
Dean cleaned his plate in a thoughtful frame of mind.  Cas was obviously trying to do right by him as best he could, so maybe Dean could accept the olive branch that the bird had extended.
As far as the music was concerned, he wasn’t as enthusiastic.  Dean seemed to prefer the style of music that sounded like electric warbles and screaming animals.  Dean had explained it was called “rock music” but Cas thought it was a bit far-fetched to even use music to describe the noises.
He looked askance at Dean and the two of them shared a silent conversation that only close family members could manage.  Bobby seemed to understand a number of things in that split second, from the sight of Dean’s swollen eyes, his awkward position on the chair, and the stubborn set to his jaw.
The longer his brother talked, the further up his forehead Dean’s eyebrows crept.  He realized after a time that Sam had finally stopped talking.  He blinked at his brother and shook his head a little in an attempt to clear it.
He took a hesitant step forward, but made it a point to avoid looking at the edge of the cliff before him.  He turned cautiously towards the building again and gave it another once over.  It looked almost like one of those Native American cliff houses.  He vaguely remembered Sam watching a special on them a few years ago.  Except this one was damn near in the clouds and about 100 times bigger.
Castiel had told him he would sleep in total darkness but how did that happen?  The sconces around his room were emitting a soft glow and while it wasn’t bright, it was certainly enough to see by.  And once he woke, what turned the lights back on?  He should have asked more questions earlier.  Castiel wasn’t around to ask now and Dean didn’t want to see him anyway.  He would just do what he always did and make it up as he went along.
The image of his mother holding him as an infant stared up at him and he smiled at the picture softly.  The other frame held a picture of he, Sam and Bobby standing outside of Bobby’s salvage yard.  It was a candid shot, Dean and Sam laughing hysterically at something that he couldn’t remember now, even Bobby was smirking in the photo, which was a rare occurrence.  He was going to miss his family.
Dean nodded in response to that.  That was just as well, he hadn’t forgotten Cas’s terrifying request to not be alone with the Winchester patriarch.  On cue, Sam sighed loudly and settled himself down at the table.
Dean sighed quietly and opened his eyes again.  He’d been trying to come to terms with Sam’s prognosis for 14 years.  He doubted he would ever be able to accept it, but… there was just nothing he could do about it.  Sam was dying.  Sam likely only had another ten years left, at best.  And Dean could rail against fate or destiny or God as much as he wanted, but it wouldn’t change anything.  Sam was dying.
Then Dean made a mistake. And it was one that was going to kill him. He realized it a half a second too late. He had tried to parry right but the wing came at him from the left. Before Dean had a chance to step away, that large first primary touched him gently on the forehead.
He thought with wide eyes. He didn't give the thing a chance to recover. He followed his first shot with another five. Three to the chest and two to the head. The fucking bird didn't even have the decency to ACT like any of them had an effect.
The movie mentioned is called Airheads, and while it's absolutely ridiculous, it's one of my favorites!
Surely it was a dream… surely. He just needed to get some rest. The sun was starting to rise now and the sky was a soft purple of pre-dawn light. A dream, yeah. He'd had an emotional breakdown and had a momentary lapse of judgement. That was all it was.
The morning of the third day Cas arrived at Dean’s doorway promptly as soon as the sun had risen.  Dean had woken up groggily until he saw the large bird standing in the hall.  He immediately threw the covers away from him and bounded up like a kid who’d just been promised candy.
“It was interesting!  We’re covering history right now in one of my First Nations Studies classes and it’s fascinating.”  He paused here and looked thoughtful for a moment.  “I mean, it’s heinous… what happened, but the adversities that the First Nations people have overcome and are still overcoming are incredible.”
“Yes, visit.”  Dean finally said.  He felt a lifetime’s worth of weariness in his bones.  He hunched his shoulders towards his ears and raised tired eyes to the two men in front of him.  “I’m here for another three weeks, then I’m going back.”
“Fantastic.”  Just what he’d expected but not what he wanted.  “Is there cable or something?”  Dean asked while stuffing his hands in his pockets again.
Sam was released from the hospital a few days later.  He had a prescription for a strong antibiotic and had received a stern lecture from Pam about taking care of himself.  They’d tried to keep things light while Sam had been there.  He and Bobby made jokes and teased each other like they always did.  Sam didn’t seem to enjoy it like he usually did though.  He’d been more withdrawn and a little more bitter than Dean had ever seen him.  The conversation they’d had about their fears was always in the back of Dean’s mind.  As was his conversation with Castiel about curing Sam.
Sam narrowed his eyes at his brother and tapped an irritated finger roughly against the table in thought.  “I know we’ve been over this before, but I can’t for the life of me understand how you can so easily brush all of that aside.  Vampires and werewolves can be real but angels are out of the question?  God can’t exist?”
Dean just shook his head at him.  “I-I gotta go, Bobby.  I gotta get outta here.  I-I-I can’t be here right now.”
A rough hand clapped him on the shoulder from behind and Dean whirled around quickly.  Bobby’s face swam into view in front of him.  Dean must look like seven kinds of warm Hell because Bobby’s expression morphed from his usual gruff annoyance into worry in a matter of seconds.
Castiel paused here and his presence seemed to get larger.  His shadow seemed to grow up the side of the wall, towering over Dean and himself.  A strange charge lit the air around them and Dean almost seemed to be able to taste the electricity on his tongue.  He felt panic for the first time since he’d met Castiel in the woods that night.  He shrunk backwards slightly, he squinted his eyes at the suddenly too bright image of the bird in front of him.
