Castiel doesn’t sleep, of course, but he can tell when Dean does. His breathing slows, heartbeat steady in his chest. His hold on Cas never lessens, but even if he wasn’t being held tightly, and even though there’s a war in heaven and prayers floating through his head, there’s nowhere else that Castiel would rather be.
There is work Dean, Dean the hunter, who will cut through every piece of red tape in this universe and beyond to do what needs to be done. This Dean is unforgiving, callous, arrogant, and above all else self-deprecating; blurring the line between being courageous and being suicidal.
But all Dean knows is human, and every time Cas arrives, that pained look in his eyes that he fears will betray his thoughts, reflect his own disgust at his lack of self-control, Dean doesn’t seem to notice. He sighs with relief, says Cas’ name, and then usually proceeds to tell him what he needs from him now.
Dean tugs Cas’ shirt out from where it’s tucked into his pants and Cas focuses his attention back on the touching; Dean’s hands find bare skin, slipping up under his shirt. Cas undoes the first few buttons and Dean raises it over his head, pulling it off so that he’s shirtless, facing away from Dean but pressed against him. Dean takes off his shirt too and presses his skin flush against Cas’ back.
It’s another dreary motel, and since his revelation about Sam’s soullessness a few weeks back, and the boys had agreed to take different rooms when they could. So Dean is alone and maybe a little drunk, and he doesn’t mean to call for Cas, not really. He isn’t praying as much as whispering, trying to make sense of things, speaking to Cas in the absence of God.
Dean surprises him by leaning in and licking up the mess left, then kissing Cas, lowering himself onto him gently, his body weak and heavy.
“You’re holding on so tight Cas,” Dean whispers, holding his stare. “Let go a little, show me how you like it.”
Dean whimpers as he unloads into Cas’ willing mouth, shooting ribbons of earthy, salty cum towards the back of his throat.
“Well it’s not often I get handsy with Angels, no,” Dean says, “but humans are empty on their own Cas, I’m sure you can see that by now.”
“I know,” Cas says, sitting down on the edge of the motel bed. Dean is pacing again, nervous energy trembling up through him. Castiel holds out his hand and Dean looks confused for a moment, then he swallows, understanding shadowing his face and reaches his hand out to take Castiel’s. He takes Deans hand in both of his, looking up at Dean’s eyes with questions overwhelming his own.
It’s hard to move, he’s trembling a little bit when he opens his eyes to look at Dean, who has a smug look on his face, of all things.
“It felt so good, better than anything had felt until,” Cas says as he swallows, Dean’s hand creeping back over his
It’s this Dean that calls to Castiel when he is alone, a Dean who listens, who has hopes and wants beyond hunting.
Dean tugs Cas’ pants and he lifts up enough to let Dean pull them down. He kicks them off, settling in Deans lap in only plain white briefs and matching socks.
When Sam and Dean go their separate ways, after Sam kills Lillith, Castiel is shocked at how perfect being alone with Dean is. How full he feels just sitting in the front seat of that stupid car. Cas never had use for driving. Or bathing, eating, sleeping, any of those
He gags again, his throat tightening around Cas’ cock in a way that makes his head spin. Now that he knows it’s not hurting Dean, the sound is strangely erotic. Cas loves the idea that Dean is filled up with him, that he
Dean moves his hand to thread their fingers together. He sits next to Cas, perched on the bed with his feet on the floor, and moves his other hand up to his shoulder, running it down the fabric of his coat.
But this is what keeps Castiel coming back, keeps him from beating Dean into a bloody lump when he snaps, becomes demanding, forgetful. Cas has anger inside of him that burns white hot, but he is aware now of
Dean uses both his hands to pin Cas down, and although they both know if he wanted to, Castiel could have Dean across the room in a minute, the feel of his warm hand pressing hard against his hips is enough to still him, keep him grounded in this overwhelming human form.
Dean is still behind him, holding him close and he moves lips deliberately, slowly, opening up for Cas gradually and, Dean will give him this, he’s a quick learner.
Dean spreads his hands out along Cas’ shoulders and begins to knead the skin, the tendons and muscles underneath. It’s incredibly pleasant and Cas’ mouth opens to let a small moan escape as Dean digs his fingers into the knots of his back. He tries to focus on his breathing, but all he can think about is his erection, how it’s tenting up through the front of his pants. He’s sure Dean has noticed, in the same way he’s sure he
Dean’s hands fumble with the button of Cas’ pants and the angel can feel his human heart pounding, feels a drop in his stomach like he missed a step.
“I would do it again.” Cas says, his voice rougher than he thought it would be. Dean’s mouth is tight, and he nods, large eyes speaking the simple words his mouth can’t.
If it wasn’t for the other times, far and few between, the times Dean calls Cas when he’s alone, half asleep or lost in fear, Cas would smite him for his arrogance. If it were anybody else, any other human who dared to act like Castiel,
It is not without effort. As Dean lowers his mouth onto the head of Cas’ cock, he is struck by how magnificent Dean looks, his lips parted to stretch around the shaft, his hand coming up and meeting his lips when he can’t fit any more into his mouth.
Castiel is confused. Does Dean really believe that? That he isn’t worthy of the things Castiel has done for him? He has never acted like it before. But if it were anyone else Cas would agree. He raised Dean from the pit of hell, died for him, rebelled for him, betrayed his family and his Father for him, but he does think Dean is worth it. He knows it.
“I want to taste you, I’ve thought about tasting you for so long,” Dean says, lowering his face down until his mouth is level with Cas’ dick. The skin on his cock is pulled tight, vein thick along the underside. It’s so very human, Cas is overwhelmed by how much bigger it’s gotten, he didn’t even realize it could reach this size.
“You know right when a baby is born, before they even take it away to clean it up, they put it on the mom’s chest, skin to skin. It sets the bond, roots the baby to reality, shows them that they’re not alone, that it’s going to be okay.” Dean says and Cas shivers.
Castiel starts to spread his legs, rising up against dean’s hand, his thighs tight with the tension.
Cas thinks he gets it now, the difference between saying dirty things and saying things that are just true.
Dean smiles easily, bringing his thumb up to Cas’ ear and running it along the edge, dusted with peach fuzz only visible up close.
“Cas, I…I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have called you for this, there’s nothing I need I just—” he doesn’t finish his sentence.
“What happened?” Dean asks him, grinding against him slowly and with the same rhythm he uses to rub Cas’ crotch, his breath hot against his ear.
“Oh Dean, ah--,” Castiel’s breath gets caught in his throat, choking him enough that he sees the stars behind his eyes, feels them in his body, and comes crashing back with a gasp.
“Do you touch yourself?” Dean asks, and it’s a testament to Cas’ unearthliness that he doesn’t see this as dirty talk, not yet anyhow. He sees it as raw honesty, which he can understand much better than the convoluted half-truths that humans are so fond of.
Dean runs his hands down Cas’ wiry arms, smaller than his own even though they are much more powerful.
Cas leans back, his breath uneven. His head rests against Dean’s collarbone as his hands come up around him, holding him and gently tracing patterns on his chest, his stomach. The pad of Dean’s thumb brushes across Cas’ nipple and he twitches, jerks forward a bit in Deans arms and the reaction is so basic and perfect that Dean loses himself for a moment, threading his fingers through Cas’ hair roughly and tilting his face up so that its close to his own. He can feel the Angel’s breath, watches his dark eyes flutter shut as he moves his hand down to the front of his pants, pressing against the bulge there.
One night somewhere outside of Elk Creek, Nebraska, after Sam and Dean begin hunting again together, but before Dean has really forgiven Sam, Dean calls for Cas.
Cas lets it fill his mouth, the taste isn’t pleasant exactly, but it’s erotic. He swallows what doesn’t dribble onto his chin.
Dean presses closer to Cas, pulling him up slightly into his lap, so that one of Deans legs is between Cas’ legs, his own dick pressed against the back of Cas’ hip, just above his ass.
Heaven is at war; he is single-handedly leading an army of rebel angels against his more powerful and vengeful brother. His men are dying, the imprint of wings etched into the walls and the floor around them.
There’s a flutter of wings that rustle the open book on the table, and then Cas is standing by the window of the motel. Sam and Dean had separate rooms for the night, tired of weighing their words and trying to pretend like everything is fine. Tired of fighting.
Cas reaches out his hand and puts it on Dean’s arm, and his lips part a little with the surprise because, oh it’s so simple, that’s what he’s wanted all this time: to touch Dean.
But Cas hears him, he always does, and he arrives a moment before he makes himself visible, feels guilty and voyeuristic but there is something so raw about Dean in these moments he has to take what he can get. When he appears, Dean looks surprised, but not surprised enough.
Dean looks back at Cas and then lowers his mouth onto the too hot skin, licking up the shaft to the head, and flicking his tongue along the slit.
He starts pushing his head faster, trying to maintain enough control not to hurt Dean, but Dean doesn’t seem to be hurting at all. He’s moved his hand from Castiel’s and down onto his own cock, which he’s jerking in time with Cas’ motions. His other hand is still on his hip, holding Cas back, nails digging softly into his skin.
He feels frozen in his thoughts, grounded to reality by his hand spread out against Dean’s skin, warm and dusted with freckles. He is both suddenly aware that he has found that missing something, and terrified for when he has to let Dean go. He knows nothing of physical etiquette; he has no idea if this is okay.
that they have God’s love, and His favor, can be. No fear of consequence, confident that what they do is right, no matter who is in their way. Castiel would be lying if he said he wasn’t the same way, or at least, he always had been.
to be, that even if it might be uncomfortable to his human form, he wants to do it because he knows how good it makes Cas feel.
Dean is tense, muscles tight across his back and arms, stiff under his plain shirt. He turns around to face Cas, breaking the contact but stepping closer and says, “I’m sorry Cas, for everything. You’ve done so much for me and I know I don’t deserve it.”
“You know, I’ve been touching myself for a long time,” he says, and Cas’ body reacts to the statement, straining closer.
Dean breathes in sharply, surprised when Cas closes the gap between faces, but Cas can’t help it, he knows what he wants now more clearly than he has ever before here on Earth. He knows what kissing is, but he’s never seen the appeal in it much before, thought it might be gross in practice, but he was so,
Cas says, “I find touching to be, therapeutic. It’s not something Angels do, but somehow it makes things better, down here, like this.”
“You,” Cas says, and it’s so plain and so true that he can almost see Deans heart as he remembers how new this is to him, how raw and untouched his human form still is. As if it’s painful for him to think about Cas longing to be touched, but not knowing how to ask or even understanding why.
Cas walks over behind Dean, who has his hands splayed across the window, arm muscles tight and rippling as they support the weight of his body.
“Cas, can you hear me? I-I’m sorry, this isn’t exactly important, I just,” his voice trails off, heavy with the weight of his words.
Still, when Dean calls, he goes to him. It’s not something that is within his control, at least not at first. He isn’t used to the feeling. He understands love and devotion; he loved, and still loves, his Father. But this is different because it isn’t an obligation; it’s a need. A want. It’s something selfish, something stupid and terribly, terribly human.
Cas can hear that he is alone, the slight shake in his voice, less demanding than he’s used to, more raw.
. Internally, Dean’s eyes widened. Usually he was better at repressing those kinds of thoughts. Yeah, he may have learnt what internalized homophobia was, but that didn’t mean he was suddenly comfortable sharing everything he felt for Cas, feelings he wasn’t even sure he fully grasped yet. He focused back on Cas, who seemed to be winding down his little speech.
Claire and Jack jogged over, Claire stopping in front of Dean and Castiel, Jack continuing to Eileen and Sam.
“Jody!” Claire all but fell out of the car, shoes quickly shoved on, still rumpled from her nap. Dean smiled to himself; Claire had gotten really comfortable here.
It had been surprisingly quiet since Dean, Sam, and Claire left. Castiel had been spending his time exploring the bunker’s archives and storage rooms. The sheer volume of information the Men of Letters acquired astounded him. He liked seeing what humans found important enough to remember and pass on to future generations. It made him feel that little bit closer to humanity.
, Castiel thought, then chuckled to himself at that absurd fantasy. While he did—if he remembered the phrase correctly—spill his guts to Dean before the Empty took him, he didn’t expect anything to come from it. He didn’t say what he said in hopes of reciprocation. Obviously, Castiel would be overflowing with joy if Dean did respond similarly, but he was at peace with himself and his choices. Castiel had said his piece; it was up to Dean what he decided to do with it.
“Yeah. Y’know, we got like a trillion parental figures, me and Jack. Between you, Dean, Sam, Jody, and Donna, we get quadruple the parenting any regular kid would.”
Claire smiled and walked over to sit down beside Jack. “No, you’re definitely something else, you weirdo. But you’re still my brother.”
“But ya still found it.” Dean grinned, getting closer. “Thanks, man. Sam and I got the last of Claire’s things packed away.”
“Careful!” Eileen laughed, then held out the bags when Sam turned around, a sheepish look on his face.
Sometimes, Castiel swore, you’d think those two were actually blood related. It was eerie how similar they acted.
isn’t good. Or Dean, or Sam, or Jody, or anyone else who’s in the life. We’re only trying to look out for you.”
“Sometimes I forget how much he can act like a toddler,” Eileen signed. “It’s nice he can still enjoy the little things after everything he’s been through. After what you’ve all been through.”
“Of… of books! Yeah, she…” Jack trailed off, looking between Claire’s and Castiel’s unimpressed faces.
Jody shook her head. “Donna and the girls had to go check out a lead. They should be back by this evening. C’mon, let’s head inside.”
Dean sat back in his chair, half empty glass dangling from his fingers. His family was safe. There was no power-hungry entity pulling their strings like puppets anymore. Is this what peace feels like?
“Alright, let’s pack it up!” Dean clapped his hands, startling Castiel from his absent-minded staring. “Time to hit the road. Claire,” he added, “c’mere. Got something for you.”
Once everything had settled down after getting Cas back, Dean had realized just exactly what he had done. His sole focus had been Cas, only Cas,
“I- I’m worried I took your choice from you.” Dean risked a quick glance up to Cas’ face, prepared for anger, or maybe disgust. Instead, Cas tilted his head—
Castiel gave the jacket to Dean, the both of them turning to look at Claire and Jack sitting on the small hill near the entrance to the bunker.
Claire looked up, something fragile in her expression. She pulled the jacket in tight to her chest, then leaned forward to give Dean a quick hug. Dean only tensed for half a second, before returning the gesture, a soft look on his face.
Dean shook his head. He was getting ahead of himself. Yeah, Cas said he loved him but that doesn’t automatically mean he wants to settle down with Dean.
He sighed, shifting up in his chair. Claire barged into the library, quickly followed by Sam and Cas.
It also gave him the time to think. A lot of time. To think about anything and everything. And lately, any time he has space to breathe, his thoughts turn to Cas. Because of course they do. Dean sighed.
A smirk crept across Claire’s face. Before she could open her mouth, Dean pushed gently at her shoulder, “C’mon kid. Dinner’ll get cold.”
“Why not? The kid’s got no other way of communicating, bar literally teleporting to Jody’s. Besides,” Dean continued, “don’tchya think it’ll help him feel more like a regular kid? As much as he can be, I guess.”
Or rather, the lack of sensation. It was like every sense possible was taken away. Everything felt muffled and distant. Ever persistent, Dean had ignored the unsettling atmosphere and began praying to Cas in his mind, hoping that he could still get prayers in the Empty. God, the relief that had washed over Dean when he heard those two simple words:
The drive to Sioux Falls passed quickly. Dean and Claire enjoyed very similar music tastes, much to Sam’s chagrin. After a short while, the music was turned down as Claire drifted off to sleep. Sam spent most of his time scrolling through the many, many scanned books of lore on his tablet, before also falling asleep, giving Dean the peaceful solitude that he loved so much about driving.
“Good to see you,” she said and patted him twice on the back. Dean rounded the car and Jody gave him the same greeting.
“Fuck,” he mumbled, sniffling a bit before rubbing at an eye. He turned away from Cas. He didn’t like people seeing him cry. Cas let him go, allowing Dean a semblance of privacy. Dean cleared his throat before turning back and giving what he hoped was a confident smile.
Cas pulled out the chair next to Dean and sat down, his hand still warm on Dean’s own. He didn’t try to push conversation, though, just sat there with Dean until he wanted to speak.
. Castiel thought Dean was just being sentimental and trying to hide just how much he cared for Claire.
She smiled and signed, “Sam wanted some snacks for the road. Said Dean only brought junk food.” She rolled her eyes good-naturedly.
That’s a new concept. It was still so much to process. That day, the day Cas- Cas died, still hurt to think about. Cas finally being open about this thing between them was something Dean did not see coming. Honestly, he had resigned himself to a lifelong acceptance that Cas was unable to feel anything for Dean that resembled what Dean felt for Cas. Oh, how wrong he was. That angel could make Dean see himself in a light he didn’t believe was possible. He still struggles with it, often, but it’s a start. At least he had gotten over most of the internalized homophobia his dad had ingrained in him—and learnt what ‘internalized homophobia’ even was. (Charlie had been a big help in that department.) And he managed it without a therapist. Well, there were some long, long talks with not only Charlie, but Jody, and Donna, and Garth, and… well let’s just say Dean definitely had help along the way.
“Yes, although it was decidedly not where you said it would be. Your room could stand to be cleaner.”
Castiel walked over to stand next to Jack and Eileen. Claire took a step, then turned back and quickly walked over to Castiel. She paused only slightly before wrapping Castiel in, frankly, a pretty tight hug. It only made Castiel grin, tucking her head under his chin.
Even with all that, he and Cas still hadn’t really talked about what all that meant now. It’s only been about a week since they got Cas back and there hasn’t really been a quiet time to sit down—and Dean may or may not have been avoiding such a talk.
Well, to her other home. She had been very clear that the bunker and Jody’s two storey house in Sioux Falls were both her homes. Castiel was eternally grateful that she had come to stay with them for a bit after Castiel was saved from the Empty. It was nice to spend some quality time with her that didn’t involve stabbing, shooting, beheading, or salt’n’burning something. Even though Claire was unflinchingly, concerningly comfortable in situations that involved any or all of those things. Seeing her and Jack interact and bond was something very special to Castiel. He was painfully aware of the lack of traditional familial relations he had to either of them, but his love for them transcended any blood connections. He was an angel with two children.
“You lie for a living,” Claire said. “Dean lies for a living. Sam too. And Jody and Donna and Garth and literally everyone we know?”
you to go along with our plan. I- I took your grace, Cas. I didn’t even ask.” Dean’s other hand drifted up to his chest where Cas’ grace still remained in a vial around his neck. They hadn’t decided what to do with it yet.
The three of them stood in front of the bunker, waving at the departing vehicle, Dean honking the horn a few times in farewell. Castiel sighed.
What made him an angel was now sitting in a small glass container around Dean’s neck. Fuck, if that thought didn’t send a pleasant feeling swirling through him. Castiel smiled to himself. He was well aware of Dean’s worries over Castiel’s rescue and ensuing lack-of-angelness. Unsurprising to anyone with a decent memory, Dean blamed himself.
No, no, this human thing is worth it, if only for this feeling. Castiel spent the rest of the evening with a soft smile on his face.
“No, Cas- never mind. It’s a saying.” Fondness flooded through Dean. He hoped it didn’t show on his face. From Sam’s expression, he didn’t feel too confident about the answer.
—to get back to you. And Jack, and Claire, and Sam, and Eileen, and everyone else I care about on this planet. This is my home, my happiness. Truth be told, I haven’t felt like an angel in a long, long time. I’m not sure if I ever really felt like an angel, actually.”
Dean sat at the library table, slowly working his way through a bottle of whiskey. He didn’t feel the need to rush anymore, and it felt nice. Different, definitely different, but in a welcomed way. He felt like he could finally exhale a breath he’s held his entire life. He and Sam were safe, everyone was un-Thanos snapped, Sam had Eileen, and he had Cas.
“Yeah,” Eileen said. Her face darkened, but only for a moment. She looked up at Castiel. “But all that’s over now, yeah? C’mon, let’s go make sure he doesn’t make himself sick from sugar.”
“Oh, you know, getting zapped from existence by god along with the rest of the world, only to be brought back by the son of Lucifer, all in a day’s work for a hunter.”
Claire leaned back, smiling to herself. She gave Eileen and Jack hugs and goodbyes before joining Sam and Dean in the Impala.
Heaven-worthy or not, Castiel had missed food, being able to taste more than just molecules. It was amazing the range of flavours that existed, and Castiel was determined to try everything. Perhaps one day they can go on a trip to some foreign country to experience whole new worlds of cuisine. Jack would be ecstatic, Claire would jump at the chance to spread her wings, Sam and Eileen would surely love going sightseeing and learning about local history. And Dean. Castiel could imagine Dean on the coast of some tropical country, beer in hand, lazing about on the beach. He would be so relaxed, so peaceful. It’s the bare minimum of what that man deserves, after the literal hell he’s been through; that they’ve all been through.
Essentially, after finding a spell that could tear a small hole between Earth and the Empty, they tied what was basically a magical rope to Dean—that’s how Sam had explained it to him—so he could find his way back, and so they could pull him out if things got hairy (which they often do, seeing as they’re the Winchesters).
Peanut butter and jelly tasted like heaven. Although, Castiel mused, taking another bite of his sandwich, heaven wasn’t really all that it’s cracked up to be. Maybe PB&J sandwiches were better than heaven.
“Always do, Jody. You know us.” Sam smirked, and Jody scoffed in response before pulling him into a bear hug.
Every once in a while, Castiel still had to remind himself that he was also human now. Human for good. At least, that’s what he planned. He had no intention of getting his grace back. He knew exactly where it was, and he was quite content with it.
After a few more rounds of questions, Dean was sent to the dressing room while Sam waited outside on a plush chair.  Dean was grateful the sales associate knew what she was doing because he had a pile of clothing that fit, looked good and felt comfortable.  His wallet would be a bit lighter for it but he should probably get used to shelling out the bucks for this pup.
“Ok, a lot actually,” he said.  “Cas wants to mate you, Dean.  Why aren’t you mated?  If you did that then a lot of these issues would be voided.”
Dean had asked for a few private minutes with Cas after the ceremony, so they were headed into a chamber close to the door they entered.  Dean pushed open the door to the small room that was off the kitchen.  It was sparse but there was a small sofa there set up with drink and food on the table in front.
“I just wanted to be sure.  I know this first year has been hard for you.  The winter alone can be long and desolate.”
Cas gathered the bags and they walked back outside where Alfie was waiting on the curb in a slightly different spot.  Dean wondered how he did it in New York.  Alfie spotted them and popped the trunk so he and Cas could put the bags in the back.
One thing Dean was worried about was Luke’s visit.  He didn’t know how to bring up the topic with the twins and he tried to keep his worries to himself.  He knew that it was common for house omegas to be shared with other alpha guests, or family members, but Dean was sick over it.  He didn’t want anyone but the twins and he didn’t know what he would do if Cas asked him to sleep in Luke’s bed.  He would have a choice, but it was usually a choice between being unemployed or not.  He had heard stories of omegas who had refused and the contract had been terminated immediately, leaving the omega homeless instantly.
“Yea, but it’s good, you know?  I like the challenge,” Sam told him, eyes glued back to the TV screen.
“It’s probably in the wash, or in your room,” Dean told him, voice muffled as he pulled his tunic over his head.  He glanced at Cas who continued to frown at him.
“No,” Dean interrupted.  His father was so shocked he stopped talking.  “No, you provided a building.  I gave us a home.  I made that house into a home for our family.  I did that without help or resources year after year.  You paid for food, yes, but it wasn’t enough.  There was never enough food. I was the one who made every dollar stretch while you sat at the bar and drank away every bit of money the pack had.  I raised Sammy and myself, actually.  I did those things and I won’t let you stand there and tell me that you had any hand in it.”
He took extra care when he got ready to go to town.  He wore his best jeans and a nice t-shirt with his best flannel over it.  He styled his hair and made sure he shaved.  As he looked in the mirror after his shower he took in the changes in his body that had occurred in the last year.
He filed off when the train stopped and looked around.  He made his way into the station with his backpack over his shoulders.  He didn’t know what his alphas looked like, but they knew what he looked like, so he hoped that they were here and searching for him.
He slowly forced himself upright and put on a pair of sleep pants.  It seemed to take forever for him to quietly make his way down the hallway.  He didn’t feel like himself and it took every ounce of his energy to stay upright and not fall over.
“Thanks.  Can I take your shoes and coat?  We have a shoe free house.  It keeps it a little more clean.”  Dean suddenly felt embarrassed about his habits, but Cas just nodded and toed off his shoes on the mat next to the door.
Dean looked at the slightly odd angle and the swelling that was already puffing up the joint and he felt a cold fear settle in his gut.  He looked up into the tear stained eyes of his best friend.  Something snapped into place and suddenly he had Cas in his lap, holding him close, pressing his nose into his neck.
“And why were you forced to leave your old pack?” Dean asked.  Cas knew there was suspicion in his tone and he hoped that the omega wouldn’t be rendered unable to speak.
He swallowed heavily at his next thought.  He would give Dean the choice to stay or go.  Cas could see, in hindsight, how badly he had treated him, but he also knew that he didn’t really know what he had put Dean through.  If his mate woke up and wanted to leave, Cas would let him.
Dean couldn’t help himself, he caught Cas up and pulled him close, gathering him to his chest as if to protect him.  Cas went willingly, even if his scent was confused.  Dean was scenting him heavily, searching for anything in his scent that might indicate he was unhappy or feeling rejected.
Cas slammed the door to his office and threw the file he held on his desk.  He let out a low growl now that he was alone.  He leaned heavily on his desk and tried to breathe.  His anger was palpable and he knew he needed to get control of himself in the office, but those alphas had enraged him.
When they were finished eating Pete mentioned they were going to catch some of the rodeo shows that were happening that afternoon.  Jimmy lit up and suggested they all go.  Dean was happy to watch the shows and even curious about it, but something in Jimmy’s scent made Dean pause.
Dean could barely process what he was seeing.  There were two babies.  They were going to have two babies.  What the hell?
The doorbell rang again and Dean was pulled from his thoughts.  With another fortifying breath he opened the door.  He didn’t smile and neither did Charlie.  She held up a box in her hands with an apologetic look on her face.
When Cas saw the horse, he started to struggle again.  He thought that Gordon would take him to the Morningstar pack lands, but if he got on that horse they would be moving quickly.
Dean tried to stay clean and used the showers at the park as much as possible.  The shelter didn’t have anything other than a regular bathroom with sinks and stalls, so he did the best he could with those, but so did everyone else which made it hard to get more than a few minutes to wash up.
Cas spent the day in his chambers, but not confined to the bed.  The loose trousers around his trim hips were soft and comfortable and clean, but they highlighted the weight that Cas had lost in the last week.  He had changed out his shirt for another one and Dean had helped him wipe down with a warm rag.  He felt more like himself once he was dressed and sitting on the small sofa before the banked fire.
Dean turned to look at his fiancé and sighed.  He felt blindsided by his parents, but focusing on Cas reminded him how much he had, that the person that mattered most to him in the whole world loved him and backed him up.
Dean pulled back and looked at him.  Cas could see emotions swirling in his scent and eyes but he couldn’t determine how Dean actually felt.
When they arrived home, Emma and Dean went through their routine, putting things away, washing their hands and having snack.  The familiar, predictable schedule settled Dean’s nerves a little bit and he was able to chat with her about their day as well as other plans for the weekend.
He leaned down and scooped her up in his arms nuzzling her neck.  He pulled back and smiled at her.  “Yes, Papa asked me to marry him and mate him.”  Emma hugged him, her little arms squeezing around his neck as she squealed in delight.  When she pulled back she was smiling so broadly Dean could see all of her teeth.  He smiled back. He was relieved that she was excited now.  They had decided to wait to tell her with everyone else because she wouldn’t be able to keep the surprise.
“What did you do wrong?  Cas, you did nothing wrong.  It was all me.  I knew that I wasn’t good enough for you.  You were going to be a big company man, a CEO, and I would be stuck here, taking care of Sam.  I was the guy who learned how to make mac and cheese seventeen ways to add variety in our diet.  I was working to support me and Sam when I was fourteen.  Cas, I was not ever good enough for you.  I wouldn’t be able to stand next to you and be the omega that you needed when you did smart ritzy business things, or even have dinner with your family.  I would only hold you back.  You had big things ahead, Cas.  I wasn’t sure I was even going to be able to graduate college.” Dean gave a short laugh.  “And that was true.”
Dean watched the ranch come back to life and he loved it more and more.  As the fields thawed and turned a bright green, everyone’s spirits lifted.  It was hard to believe he had been there for almost a year.  He expressed this disbelief to Amelia during the second week of April.
And that beauty was on in the inside, too.  He was always working in the castle, helping out wherever he could.  Dean still wasn’t sure what was going on, but he knew that Cas seemed happy.  He had shadowed Dean’s mother and was in a role not unlike Dean’s with his father.  It made Dean swell with pride that his friend was valued.
Cas shook his head.  “I don’t know.  I have no idea, I can’t feel anything this early, but I hope…” he trailed off.
Amelia moved back to the broom and started sweeping again.  Dean went back to the laundry and they worked in silence for a minute.
“Hey Dean.  You here to watch the game or are you going to eat too?  Mom’s got wings on special,” she told him pointing to the chalkboard above the bar.
“No thanks, Balt, I just want to sleep.”  Cas dropped his bag and kicked off his shoes before crawling back in bed.  He pulled the covers over his head and drifted, relieved that he had a week to do nothing before the internship began.
It took another full day for any signs from Dean that he was recovering.  Cas continued to stay in bed with him unless he was showering or using the bathroom.  He ate the meals he was given and Charlie and Gabe both checked in on him and Dean.  He talked to his parents and Anna every day.  He didn’t ask about work and he didn’t care.  He didn’t turn on the news.
He watched Sam struggle to get control, but he did and he nodded to Cas.  Cas patted him on the shoulder and the three of them went into Dean’s room.  Ellen and Bobby went in for a few minutes, but Dean was sleeping, so they left it to Sam and Cas and went home.  Ellen said that she would get Dean from the hospital and take him home in the morning if he needed her to.
Dean bit his lip.  He wasn’t sure what to say.  “I’m not sure,” he told the alpha honestly.  “Can I sleep in here with you?”
He didn’t think that Cas would neglect him like he had before.  He knew that when Cas told him he was sorry and he would change, that he meant it.  Dean was worried that it would fluctuate.  That there would be times when Cas would dote on him and then leave him for long stretches.  He wasn’t sure if he would be able to handle it.
Cas nodded thoughtfully.  Dean was eager to hear what he had to say.  “I think it’s a very easy way to accomplish many things at once,” he said.  “We will have the summer solstice celebration regardless.  Putting in one more thing for the ceremony wouldn’t require that much extra work because there would only be a few more people to entertain.  A feast and festivities are already planned.  And having the Singers and Mullens here to witness together how Sam and Eileen get along and start, or don’t start, their courtship would be good.  Maybe even move along the treaty.”
“I’ve tried to give him the words he needs.  We made a visual schedule to put on the fridge so he has something to look at to reassure himself that someone will be there all the time.  Ellen and Bobby have told him over and over again that they love him and miss him and want to spend time with him.  I’ve tried to stress to him that it’s
“It didn’t occur to me until you were in the hospital that I have so much power over you.  I know, as your alpha, that I have it, but I realized what was at stake for you if I didn’t want you as my mate. I’m sorry that I didn’t realize what was happening sooner.  I would have…been different.”
Dean’s gut twisted at Cas’ comment about not being mated, but he kept himself still and his scent under control.  “Alright, well…I guess, let me know what I need to do to prepare.”
“Dean,” Jimmy said, awe in his voice.  Dean wanted to giggle at the sight.  Jimmy moved forward and Benny followed him in with Victor right behind.  The impact of the rooms was clear on their faces too, and Dean blushed at the compliments they lavished on him.
“Come on, I don’t want to be here when Dick walks out,” Cas told him, tugging him gently towards the Impala.  Dean couldn’t move fast enough at that comment.
Dean nodded and his excitement spiked as the rider shot out of the gate and around the barrels.  Cas told him what to look for and why it was or wasn’t a good run and Dean had a great time.  He chatted a little with Amelia between competitors and he found out that she had a sharp tongue that made him laugh.
They worked quietly together for a while and soon they had a pile of food ready for the alphas.  Benny came in just as Dean had put the last of the eggs in the pan.
Cas sat on the porch for another ten minutes before he went inside.  He couldn’t believe he was going to do this, but he would be lying if he said he wasn’t looking forward to being intimate with Dean and taking care of him during a heat.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he babbled.  “I don’t feel well.  I don’t know what’s wrong.  I feel bad.  Please, stay with me.  I’m sorry, please don’t leave.”
It seemed like forever before they were ready to move him to the gurney that would take him outside.  Cas tried to stay out of the way so they could work and he followed them silently into the elevator.  He caught a whiff of Dean’s scent as they descended and nearly whined.  It was muted and dry when it should be rich with pregnancy and healthy omega.
Cas ran a hand through Dean’s hair to soothe him.  “You’re right.  Everyone will be at the bar.  But, you may not have to be here alone if you want someone with you.”
He had tried so hard to be a good mate, to do what he thought Cas wanted, to be agreeable and not make waves.  Cas seemed displeased with him no matter what and he didn’t know what to do.  Cas hadn’t even really heard him to start with.  He didn’t have a place.  Eileen was there to do all the chores and Dean was supposed to do…whatever he wanted apparently.  But that wasn’t him.  He wanted a partner, someone to raise their pup with, someone to talk to and share a life with.
“Great, then I’ll see you later,” Cas said.  They continued to stand there for a few minutes, neither one wanting to leave just yet.  Cas eventually broke eye contact and laughed.  “Ok, I’m going to go now.”
Amara seemed to be able to handle him though.  And maybe Cas knew that too, because he was clenching Dean’s hand and the arm of the chair, keeping himself restrained.  Cas was a business lawyer, not a prosecutor, but he knew enough about how this sort of thing worked to let Amara do her job.
Before Cas could say anything, Sam cleared his throat and stood.  “You might be interested to know, Naomi, that last night I challenged my father and won.  I am now the Pack Alpha of Winchester.”
“And what would you do during the day?” Cas asked him. Dean could tell his voice was strained.  He didn’t look up from the table as he continued to talk but the alpha’s scent had turned.  Dean could tell he was wary and unsure.
“No reason, really, I just noticed that you were wearing trousers more often again.  I thought you enjoyed the skirts but maybe I was mistaken.”
“I’m sure there is more to discuss on this topic, but I know you need to eat, so let’s look at the menu before our server comes back.”
“Yep,” Gabe confirmed.  “At the main entrance here, your apartment and the network’s main building.”
Cas sat on the porch in the chair he usually used and thought about the last few months.  Once they had gotten Dean back on pack lands and settled they had fallen into a surprisingly comfortable routine.  Charlie had cleared his schedule for a few days and he took some vacation time while they got everything organized but after that, Cas returned to the office and played the part of responsible son and future pack alpha.  He went to work, did his job, and came home to the cabin and Dean.
"Maybe a kiss, maybe something else. That's a surprise, but if you would like something, you may ask if you get questions right." Castiel told him. "Maybe if you get something wrong, I'll take something away. So do you want to do homework?" he asked.
"Yeah, sounds good." Dean replied easily, glancing at Cas and smiling slightly at his blush. He walked back over to where they had been sitting before and sat down, pulling Cas with him.
Dean clenched his jaw and huffed a he walked into health. He still had no idea what was going on with Cas, but he was getting more certain that it had something to do with Balthazar. He hated how normal they were acting, when moments before they didn't have anything to say to each other. He sighed, just wanting to go home so he could ask him properly.
Castiel was breathing quickly, he glared at Dean lightly. "I'm...not...normally. I...don't...know why...with you...I am." he panted out in between breaths. He didn't let go of his sides, he stayed in his position.
Dean grinned and wrapped his arm through Cas's to hold onto tightly. "Don't worry, I'll make sure you don't go flying out." He assured Cas with a chuckle, though his own heart was starting to pick up it's rhythm as the ride jerked into movement when everything was checked and set in. "Oh boy. Here we go." He said anxiously, glancing over at Cas.
Castiel nodded with a small, "Yeah I feel better now..." he said, hugging Dean before letting go. "Okay. Go talk to Kevin then." he said.
Dean moaned into his mouth, surprisingly turned on by Cas taking some control. He got to the bed, putting one knee on it and leaning forward so that Cas was partial sitting and partially holding on to him still. His hand stayed firmly on Cas's back as the other skirted up and down his thigh.
"Really?" Castiel asked, moving his head a bit to look up at Dean. "Is that really happy?" He asked. "Cause I don't want to think that you didn't think you'd be happy at such a low standard." He said.
Dean nodded slightly, understanding why Cas would be hesitant to tell people about it, but was glad Cas had told him. "That's pretty cool. So what kind of stuff can you do, other than bend over backwards to change CDs?" He asked with a chuckle.
Castiel shook his head, not looking up yet. "I can't leave if I-I know you're going to be hurt..." He replied, walking back closely to Dean. Dean held out an arm beside him to push Cas slightly behind him so he wouldn't get in the crossfire again.
Castiel didn't look at Dean, he just continued to his next question. "Yes. That's what I told you. For all the times I have been bullied or you have gotten close to hurting someone, what did I do?" he asked another question.
Dean felt a slight shiver run through him as Cas rocked against him, wanting more. Cas's moans and noticed were enticing him on, and he moved the hand that wasn't helping to hold Cas up to the hem of Cas's shirt and upwards, his fingers tracing lightly across his skin.
Castiel glanced up at him as he slowly pulled off, he licked the side of his lip clearing his throat a little. "No?" he asked. "Did I do okay then?" he tilted his head slightly, sitting back a little on his legs.
There was loud murmuring about when they walked in and people pointed to them this time, "They're definitely for sure dating. I saw it." they mumbled. "He ran after him and he ran away. Lover's quarrel." they commented. "Bet you that Winchester is two timing that Milton kid." there was a lot of rumors going around, with a definite confirmation that the two of them were dating.
Castiel smiled back at Dean, his expression rubbing off on him. "I was relaxed because you were holding me. The sound of your heartbeat, your warmth. I enjoy you holding me like this so if you like being able to see that, as odd as it sounds. I don't mind. I enjoy it too when you fall asleep before me and I can brush your hair when you sleep." he said. "It gives me a chance to count your freckles." he laughed lightly.
Castiel made a soft sound, feeling emptier now. He felt some cum run down his leg. He sighed softly, leaning back on Dean. He looked up and kissed the underside of Dean's jaw. "Merry Christmas Dean." He said softly with a small laugh. "Today was amazing as well as yesterday."
Sam swam out of the water and flopped onto Dean, pushing them back into the water. He resurfaced first, pushing his hair back. He grinned as Dean resurfaced, he slowly swam backwards with a grin on his face. Kevin stayed clear of all the water fighting, just floating around. Charlie swam over to Castiel who was just floating in place.
"Now since I don't think you'll be able to talk if I continue what I'm planning. When you need to cum and you think that you've had enough, squeeze my wrist." he instructed. "Then I'll let you." he said.
Dean laughed, scrunching his nose slightly. "I like you smelling like you, but I like doing the things that make you smell like me." He scooped up some more bubbles, spreading them across his chin. "What d'you think, should I grow a beard?" He asked with a grin.
Dean grinned at Sam's reaction, taking a slice and biting in to it. "Mm, Sam's right- I don't think we're gonna get tired of it." He said, taking another big bite.
Dean arched a brow slightly as he sat up to change, listening to Cas. "Might ruin this pair? Sounds like you have some plans." He replied with a grin. "I'm glad that dare gave you a preview of what you might like. I'm up for garters." He added as he finished changing and looked up at Cas. "And I'm better than okay." He said with an expectant smirk.
"Was that all you wanted?" Castiel asked, feeling really cozy with Dean's arm around him. He squeezed Dean closely, not really paying much attention to the movie as his attention was on Dean, like it always was.
"I'll clean the dishes later. Let me go grab my bag and we can go." said Dean before he walked back to his bedroom. Castiel was excited and nervous. He hasn't been back since Dean first spotted him. He'll get to show Dean around what he knew, he was so excited.
"So just me directing all of my attention on you makes you blush and fumble your words?" Dean asked with a smile. "Hmm, I'd say I'd pay more attention to you then, but I think if I focus on you any more often than I do then I'll end up crashing the impala or having no idea where I am." He replied, only half joking.
Castiel's smile was all gums and teeth before pulling Dean into a tight hug. "I love you." He repeated.
Dean laughed when they heard them. "Probably making themselves at home." He replied. "Hopefully with Sam watching they don't get up to anything." He added with a chuckle, following Cas as they headed towards the voices.
Castiel's face dropped and he looked down sadly with guilt in his eyes. He hugged Dean's hand, looking up at him with shame. "I'm sorry Dean...I...I just wanted to see…" he apologized.
Dean smiled softly, a surge of affection and warmth rising in his chest at Cas's words. "Well, I'll be right next to you, helping you against the world whenever you need me." He replied. "Nothing anyone can do will change that."
"Ready?" He asked with a small grin, trailing his fingers across Cas's cheek with one hand and holding the remote in the other.
"They should be harder around the edges but softer in the middle. Careful, they might still be hot though." he told them.
Dean's arm tightened around him, pressing into Cas as every sound sent a shiver up his spine. He couldn't have cared less about Cas's inexperience, just hearing him enjoy the kiss was more than enough to prompt Dean closer, practically holding Cas up. Castiel eventually had to break apart for air, kissing Dean nearly breathlessly. He had a rose colored blush across his cheeks as he panted. He looked up at Dean with a complete dazed look as Dean's eyes reflected want.
Castiel nodded slightly, "Yes we will have lunch together and of course go home together but that's many hours apart." He said sadly. "I won't have my safety net or someone to keep me company..." He sighed. "I know it's just for a few hours, but I feel like being apart is very hard, mostly since we've spent everyday together. I'll miss not having you so close, being able to reach over and just touching you." He continued to brush Dean's hair.
Dean smiled and nodded. "Exactly. I'm glad you know how to put what I mean into words." He said, squeezing some shampoo into his hands and starting to comb his fingers through Cas's hair. "It's as close as we can get, and it's addicting."
Castiel looked at Dean, "Hello Dean. Sam. May I come in?" He asked. He looked a little weary but not much of any other emotions.
"Let me wash you a little okay?" Dean scooped him up before turning on the water and tested it before splashing Cas gently, pouring some water on him.
Castiel nodded slightly, "Thinking of what, if you don't mind me asking." He asked. They were just sitting in the impala together, sharing a seat and talking.
Castiel looked over at Dean before scooting over to him again and leaning on him. He sighed contently before sipping on his drink some more. Charlie hummed, "I have some card games, board games, and movies. I would have brought my game systems but that's a lot of stuff." she said. "This would definitely be interesting if we have a winner loser thing. Like you know with a punishment? It would be wild if we had alcohol but we don't have that either." she said.
Castiel didn't make a comment on how close they were, just giving Dean his lunch and a fork. He leaned against Dean a little, opening his own lunch.
Dean let out a soft moan as Cas's hand moved against him, desperate for more, and rocked slightly against his hand. He was faintly aware of the marks being left on his skin, but they didn't bother him in the least. He shifted slightly in the bed, eager to help Cas get his jeans off.
Castiel had cooked some food for them to bring along to watch the fireworks. He was so excited, getting to spend the New Year with Dean sounded amazing. Charlie and Kevin had texted them a few days before if they would spend New Years together and go party together with them afterwards. She said she'd sneak some alcohol for them so it'll just be them after.
Dean hummed in approval of Cas's positioning, now able to feel Cas completely pressed against his front. He spread his fingers and let his hands roam across the fabric on Cas's chest as he settled behind him and craned his neck slightly to make the kiss easier for them both.
"He's not. He has nothing to do with you Raphael. This is my choice." Castiel argued. "He has nothing to do with this."
After CEO Castiel lost his secretary he had opened a position for anyone who wanted to take it. He went through weeks of interviews and trails to see which one would be best suited. He couldn’t find anyone capable to handle the hours and all the work. He sighed, running a hand down his face. He needed a secretary.
Castiel woke up early, going downstairs and just making food. He finished it quickly and got changed, wanting out as soon as he could. He wanted to see Dean.
"I made one myself, mostly after draggin' your dead beat self from that bar while back." Benny chuckled. "Might as well have someone to look afta you. Mostly if you lose the key." he glanced over at Dean.
Castiel arched into Dean's touch, his eyes squeezed shut as he moaned. The hand that wasn't clutching Dean tangled into the sheets, gripping them. His moan spilled from him, a bit louder than earlier.
Castiel smiled before returning Dean's kiss. He placed his other hand on Dean's shoulder so he could lean up to kiss him properly. Dean wrapped his arm around Cas's middle, deepening the kiss and tracing Cas's lower lip with his tongue. Castiel moved his hand from Dean's to around his neck, wanting to deepen the kiss. He lightly played with Dean's hair, moving his lips with his.
Castiel was going to deny that Dean didn't have to make it up but Dean beat him to it. He looked at Dean softly. "Yes it did bring my mood down but it barely takes anything from you to cheer me back up. So don't worry about making it up. Just being here is enough." He said.
Castiel savored the sound of Dean moaning, he didn't do much when he was on top but now that he was taking his part, he was. Castiel pressed a second finger in, holding it there as he swallowed about half of Dean's cock, bobbing his head. When he slid off to the head, he sucked roughly before moving his fingers. He scissored them before finding his prostate again and teasing it under his fingers.
"Making up for what?" Castiel asked. He continued to brush Dean's hair, just holding him in his arms. He was happy that Dean felt reassured from what he said.
“Cas, just listen….Cas…” Dean held his face steady, “I never took the potion when we kissed.” he said.
Castiel's frown deepened, looking over at Dean. He didn't realize how bad it was for Dean and he knew from what he said earlier, sounded like a lie on his behalf. He never wanted to be separate and Dean was right on how if he got separated, he would feel bad that he didn't spend more time with him, but having Dean suffer like that because of him made his stomach churn and heart drop.
Charlie hummed, "I said 20 minutes of whatever comes through your mind. We still have like 7 minutes." she said.
"You can make me a /giant/ pie." Dean suggested with a grin. "But if I think of something, I'll be sure to let you know." He added, though he didn't think he'd be able to think of much.
Sam looked at Cas, "You're always so philosophical. What did you plan to be after you graduate?" he asked.
"He's the guy you wanted to invite?" A different guy spoke up, tall and lanky with black hair. "Didn' ya say he had a boyfriend that he was spendin' it with?" he asked.
Castiel smiled, "Sounds fine with me." He said. He folded a few more shirts before he spoke up again, "I found out what BDSM was while I was away. I had asked Gabriel about it...He gave me books and pictures..." He explained. "I uh...learned how to knot a few ties and some background information on it...it's a bit extreme but there were a few things that I would try if you...if you would want to try." He felt his face flush and tint his ears.
"As will you but it's never the same unless you see it in person." Castiel smiled. He hugged Dean closely, "Now you have me all excited." he chuckled into Dean's neck. He was really excite and happy, he couldn't wait. It was cheesy of him but he was also a book romantic. He was going on his first date. "But not tomorrow...I'm not ready yet. Maybe in a few days?" he asked.
Dean glanced around at how tense everyone else was, looking up at the screen. "Yeah, I haven't been paying any attention and I have no idea what's going on." He said with a quiet laugh, looking back down at Cas.
"No one thinks you're a coward, Cas, especially not Sam. You're not running away from your problems, and he doesn't blame you for wanting to get away from all that. No one deserved to go through that, so you're not a coward for trying to get away." Dean replied, squeezing Cas's shoulder. "Besides, Sam knows that rumors aren't the truth- it doesn't matter what he's heard, I doubt he believes any of it. He knows you and me, and he and I both know that you're exactly what I need in a relationship." He finished.
Dean grinned, definitely ready to try some. He followed Cas into the kitchen and watched it pull out the pie, running his tongue over his lips. "That smells awesome." He said, not wanting to wait but not making any move to take any. He shifted impatiently, watching the pie and willing it to cool off more quickly.
Castiel glanced over at Dean. smiling a little. "Of it'll be good Winchester, then you'll /have/ to listen to me." he replied. "Hmm so are you going to pay me today or tomorrow?" he laughed slightly.
"Not like we're going to be kissing each other, you don't even look like the type to want to share your boyfriend and I sure as hell don't want to see Cas cry or something for kissing you." Charlie told them. "So music?" She asked. "And do we get to open these gifts today or...?"
"Probably not." Dean replied with a grin, not sounding particularly concerned about it. "But that's alright, we always manage to keep our hands off of each other when it really matters. For the most part." He added, though they still brushed hands at school and Dean hadn't exactly been able to control himself the night of the banquet they'd gone to for Cas.
Castiel nibbled on his food, blushing a bit still. "Well...I didn't really expect things to go that way to be honest...My gifts to you were panties and the little book I gave you. Then whatever else Gabriel gave to me." he said. He played with his fingers a little. "I'm sorry I didn't get you the perfect gift. I should have thought more about it..." he said sadly.
Castiel shook his head slightly. "It's okay. I didn't stop you because I wanted to see if I could do it...I'm just not ready yet." he told him. "It's better but I still need time. I hope you're not upset with that..." he glanced at Dean.
Dean blinked and glanced down at the cats in his lap, having forgotten they were there. "Oh, they're Cas's. We got them a while back because apparently they look like us." He replied with a chuckle. "I'm just holding them while he's cooking." He explained.
"Yes, I'm completely sure." Lisa told him as Dean came in with two plates and a very small plate for Cas.
Castiel made a small sound, slowly blinking his eyes and rubbing them. "Hmm? What?" He asked. Then he remembered it was Christmas Eve. He was awake now and he shifted a bit to look at Dean fully. "Good morning Dean." He smiled.
"Really?" Balthazar arched a brow, putting his hands into his pockets. "You two are quite the odd pair. How can you be so dependent and so sure that your relationship will stay? I mean, a few months so far for you two. A few months more and you'll graduate, then what?" He asked.
Castiel blushed, hiding his face a little. He smiled bashfully, "Thank you Dean. I'm glad you enjoy what I make." he said, glancing at Dean before playing with his fingers a little.
"Mm, I don't want to choke." Dean replied with a laugh as he moved to the broccoli as well. "That would kinda put a damper on our otherwise awesome weekend." He said.
Dean decided to wait to give his gifts to Sam and Cas as well, though he was dying to see their reactions. He was pretty proud of what he'd gotten both of them and he knew they'd love them. He was surprised at how awesome all of the gifts that he'd gotten were- he liked everything that they'd gotten him.
Castiel stopped his fingers, looking back up at Dean and tilting his head to the side. "What?" he asked. He stared for a moment before he smiled, "You're silly." he giggled. "I'm not telling any jokes." he said.
Dean grabbed the water and smiled over at Cas, twisting off the cap and taking a few gulps. "A reward huh? Well you did do a really awesome job. This is great water." He said, leaning over to give him a kiss. "Does that count as a reward?" He asked with a grin.
Castiel felt a lost of warmth and squeezed the pillow close to feel warm again. He sighed softly in his sleep, before nuzzling into the pillow and continuing to sleep.
Castiel paused a bit, not liking the idea of them not walking together but he nodded. "Okay. I'll see you at the classroom then." He replied softly. "See you at lunch Dean." he glanced up at Dean and waved a little before walking into his class. His heart felt heavy not doing what he actually really wanted but if he could keep Dean from being sick of him or bored, he'd do it.
Dean nodded, settling down into the sofa. "Yeah, like what's your favorite meal to cook?" He asked. "And I'd ask what your favorite tv show or movie was, but since you didn't watch tv a whole lot, what's the best book you've ever read?"
Dean Winchester: *Glances at Cas and laughs a bit before humming* Uh. I'm not really a crowds type of person. I work a lot on cars so yeah, I'm out in the sun a lot. Probably why I have so many freckles. *Laughs a bit* I watch movies too and I help my brother on things occasionally. Like drive him around but I'm not really all that interesting either. So I guess we have a bit in common. You write though so that's probably a nice past time. I would drive and listen to music and just cruise.
Dean Winchester: *Grins* And I'll be sure to be there when you call. *Glances up a bit after looking at Cas* So we made it back at the park in no time. Do you want to swing on the swings? Oh but before that, do you want to exchange numbers? I mean...if you actually would call me to come rescue you. I would. Anytime. *Glances around a bit before looking at Cas*
“Isn’t there another way?” he snapped at Alfie.  The young beta’s eyebrows rose at his sharp tone but he didn’t let it bother him.  Cas felt slightly guilty for it because it wasn’t Alfie’s fault and he knew if there was another way he would go.
“I was going to make stew for lunch and biscuits.”  He decided that he would follow her lead.  He could tell her what he had been planning and let her decide.
From there they went to the bank.  Dean was surprised again and he knew Cas scented it.  “You’re full of surprises today, alpha,” Dean told him.  Cas chuckled as they ascended the stairs and walked into the lobby.
“I know you’ll try, Cas.  I have no doubt that you’ll do your best.  But, tonight proved that work will always come first and I’ll come second when we’re back to our normal lives.  And I know it’s selfish and I know it’s impossible, but for once in my life, I want to be first.”  He looked back up to Cas with tears on his lashes again.  Cas stepped forward and reached for Dean, but the omega pulled back and wiped his eyes again.
“I’m not buying because you can’t, I’m buying to celebrate.  This was your fist interview and it seems like it went pretty well, right?”  She turned to Charlie who was nodding her head and smiling.
“- and it’s fine, Dean.  I won’t pretend that I’m better than you are as I found myself here in the first place,” Cas continued.  Dean licked his lips and put his fork down, the rest of his appetite gone.  He nodded and Cas continued.  “Do you know what I do for a living?”
Dean is a wonderful man who has done a lot of work to heal and move past his trauma but you have been too caught up in the past actions to notice.  Instead of letting him self-destruct you should have stepped up to help him.  The fact that none of you noticed that he was struggling so badly speaks very poorly of those of you who he calls family.
Dean quickly crossed to the tent opening and peered out.  When he saw Benny standing guard he opened the flap completely.
“Believe it or not, yes it is.”  He picked up his fork and shoved a large bite in his mouth.  He moaned around the taste.  He hadn’t been to Mario’s in several months and their home made salad dressing was divine.  Dean enjoyed their salads for sure, however, there were other reasons that he was eating healthier.  Cas eyed him.
Jimmy invited Dean to sit at the table while they got their drinks.  Once they all sat down Cas spoke.
He gave her a wan smile.  “But, I’m worried.  I feel like it’s a honeymoon phase and things will go back to the way they were once we get back to a normal routine.  We’ve been in a bubble with just us and I know that it will be harder to maintain once he goes back to work.”
“I do.  She’s beautiful.  I restored her myself over several years and she’s perfect.  We could go out and take a look if you want.”
“Really?” he looked from Cas to Amelia, who smiled at him.  She looked happy and practically glowed with excitement.
“Do you know how much the contract was for last year?”  He saw Cas’ mouth form a line and he took that as confirmation.  Guilt leaked into his scent but Dean continued.  “Yea, fifty thousand dollars, Cas.  That was what I was worth to both packs.  And that is a hell of a number and the only reason it was that high was because I’m a Winchester and I was a virgin and your mother wanted to get her hands on my name.  Do you know what some of my friends mated for?  Five thousand dollars.  A thousand dollars, Cas.  Do you know what it’s like to have to face the fact that you’re only worth a thousand dollars?  Maybe less?  There are dogs more expensive than that.
Dean woke the next morning to an empty bed.  He reached over blearily and patted the cold sheets.  Cas must have already gotten up and gone downstairs.  They hadn’t had a late night the night before but Dean was surprised the alpha was up and gone already.
“Cas,” Dean began.  Cas looked down at him.  “Will you stay?  With me?”  Dean was hesitant and unsure if Cas would be willing to stay with him, but he didn’t want to be alone.
“We’re going to head straight there so you can get settled.  I know five hours on a train must have been a long trip for you, especially since you’re not used to traveling,” Jimmy continued.
“Charlie is working on how we will present this to the media, like we talked about.  I’m sorry they got the story before we were able to control it.  I’m sorry about the ugly things they have said and will continue to say.”  He was quiet for a moment, holding Dean’s eye contact.  “I’m sorry about your family.”
“He said no Gordon,” Dean boomed.  Cas looked up to see Dean with Jo and Benny flanking him.  The wind shifted and Cas could clearly smell Dean’s anger.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said.  His voice was even lower than it had been four years ago and it took everything in Dean not to whimper and bare his neck.
But now, as he stepped into the bedroom, the one he shared with Cas already, he felt strange.  Knowing that he was going to change his clothes and go to Cas’ bathroom to brush his teeth before he got into the alpha’s bed dimmed his happiness somehow.
Benny had turned out to be a great source of comfort for Dean, always sitting close and letting Dean scent him.  When Dean voiced that he was beginning to feel bad because he was taking a lot of Benny’s attention, not to mention the fact that Benny often smelled like pregnant Omega, Benny quickly told Dean not to worry.  He was happy to help and, with a wink, told Dean he could express his thanks by naming the pup Benjamin if it was a boy.
As Dean sat there, he realized what was wrong.  He knew Cas wanted to make things right with him and he was trying the best way he knew how.  The way Cas knew to show someone his affection or appreciation was to buy them things and take away all responsibilities that he thought were a burden.
“If you don’t want a con-contract,” he was able to push out between his stuttering breaths.  Dean knew it was pathetic and he knew he was making a scene, but he couldn’t stop himself.  He clung to Cas as soon as he felt the alpha’s arms around him, resolve to get away gone in the face of his alpha’s embrace.
“What the hell?”  Dean was confused.  It was nice Sam was looking out for him, but there was no need.
Dean frowned at him.  He was more concerned about Cas keeping his promise than he was the actual company.  Cas seemed like he was okay not working right now, but they were in the hospital.  What would happen when they got back to real life?
Dean lugged his duffle and two boxes up the two flights of stairs to his hallway.  He looked for room 207 as he moved awkwardly down the hall.  There were already a few people hanging out either in the hallway or with their doors open.  When Dean finally spotted his number, he swung the door open and walked in.
“When I saw the news the next morning and you-“ Dean’s voice cracked and Cas scented salt in the air.  He laid his cheek on Dean’s head where it rested on his chest and pulled him closer.  Dean turned and buried his nose in Cas’ neck and continued.  His voice was thick with emotion and Cas’ gut clenched at his words.
The first few days went well and they delivered a dozen calves without a problem.  The schedule with the four alphas had let them all be well rested before they had to do another overnight run and it wasn’t as bad as any of them thought it would be.
“Cas, seriously, I believe you when you say you were trying to protect us.  I don’t want to have anything to do with your family if I can help it, mark or no mark, ok?”  Cas raised his eyebrows at him and Dean flushed.
“The same.  He’s scared his father will find him.  He doesn’t talk much about the months he spent in Omaha but they had a significant impact on him, obviously.  He’s terrified that he’ll have to go back to that.  Rationally he knows that we won’t let that happen, but it’s a fear that he has.  I’m not sure it will ever go away.”  Cas frowned and looked at his hands.  He wanted to give Dean the security that would ensure he wouldn’t be sent away, but Dean wasn’t ready.
Cas watched his rapid breathing and the tears flood his eyes.  He could scent how miserable Dean was.  The scents he caught earlier were stronger but longing and shame twisted it until Cas wanted to cry with him.  Cas had thought about those things too and he was devastated that they had been taken from them.  The guilt at not being there when Dean needed him the most ate at him and he didn’t know how to deal with it.  He had hoped that one day they would make it back to the place where they were planning a wedding and a family together but now he was terrified that this would cement Dean’s resolve.
“Let me make my own choices, Dean.  I love you and I want you.”  Cas pauses and pulled back.  “May I scent you?”
“You ok?”  Dean is startled by Bobby’s voice from the bottom of the stairs.  He pushed away from the door and slowly walked down to meet him.
He tossed in his slippers, his baseball cap, his sneakers and a few precious keepsakes from his family.  He grabbed his wallet from the nightstand drawer and took another look around.
Cas stood as the two alphas made their way into the restaurant.  “Dad, Gabe, what are you doing here?”  Cas was on guard, standing in front of Dean and Emma but his family smelled calm and happy.
Cas held him for another minute until he could feel the shaking lessen.  He pulled Dean away from him to look into his eyes and he could see that the tears had dried, but he still looked pale and sweaty.
“No, not really.  I’ve met some nice people but just friends.  I haven’t presented yet so everyone still smells about the same.”  Dean could still hear the strain in his brother’s voice, but was grateful he allowed the change of topic.  Dean needed to tell him and move on and Sam had a tendency to want to talk about feelings and shit until Dean wanted to scream.
Alfie, bless him, nodded immediately.  Cas could see the concern on the beta’s face as well.  He handed him more than enough and Alfie set off down the road.  There was a corner deli there that had subs and salads that would be both nutritious and filling for Dean.  They also had a premade sub case, so Alfie should just be able to grab a sandwich and bring it back quickly.
“Fine,” Cas ground out between his clenched teeth.  “Dean.  I wanted to bite Dean, alright?  Happy now?”
Dean didn’t realize he was whining until he felt Cas’ hand start to glide up and down his arm.  “Shhh, omega, it’s ok,” he whispered.
Dean looked over to the table that was littered with several laptops and devices, coffee cups and paperwork.  It wasn’t that late but it looked like they, too, had been here and working for a while.  Dean was confused and worried as he continued to take in the details of what was going on.
When everyone was gone and Emma was tucked in bed sleeping soundly, Cas and Dean curled up in their own bed together.  They lay facing each other, arms around one another, kissing.
When Dean was four years old his father took him to meet a new pup.  Dean was excited to be given the responsibility to go with his Alpha.  He took it very seriously.  Dean tried to walk next to his father and keep calm, but he was distracted by the sights and sounds of the pack around them.  Everyone knew his father and greeted them both.
Sam looked down at his hands resting in his lap.  “Um, he asked me before the summer started.”  He looked sheepish.
.  The papers were signed electronically and they were notarized.  Cas blew out a large breath and leaned back in his chair.  His brother sat across from him with an equally tired expression.
Dean smiled at Cas as he made his way out of the bathroom as well.  Dean knew there was a matching toothbrush in the holder for Cas along with his hair products, razors and a few other things the alpha used on a regular basis.  Dean felt the happiness leak into his scent as Cas maneuvered into bed and pulled him into his chest carefully.
Dean nodded as he listened.  He looked to Ellen, but she shook her head.  “Baby, it’s not my choice.  I think you should listen to your doctor and I’ll be here whatever you decide.”
Dean shifted a bit, wincing as his shoulder and ribs shot pain through his body, but he nuzzled into Cas’ neck, breathing in the deep scent of summer sunshine.  Dean felt himself relax.  “Love you, Alpha.”
Dean took a breath and looked down.  His hands were still and sitting on the sink and the water was running down the drain.  He washed his hands quickly and turned off the faucet.  He walked into the living room as his brother continued talking.
Dean was ripped out of his thoughts when another contraction, stronger than the last one, made him curl around his stomach.  They had just gotten off the elevator when he felt it rise.  It came faster and harder than the last one and he panted through it as they quickly went down the hallway.
Cas wasn’t sure how long it was before he was heaving over the side of the bed, retching up nothing but liquid and bile from his empty stomach.  Charlie was there with a cool cloth and a basin at the ready.  She must have known about Dean rejecting him and been ready.
A piercing cry woke Dean from his sleep.  He groggily sat up, and swung his feet into the small space between the bed and the bassinet.
“How is everything?” Hannah’s falsely cheery voice asked through the door.  “Do you need me to check anything?”
“Gordon, I thought you knew,” Cas began, trying to hide his irritation.  “Dean is my true mate and we are courting.”  Cas tried to reasonably explain to Gordon that he was practically mated.
Sam nodded and they said their good-byes.  Dean tried to focus solely on his class, take notes and be engaged to try and forget about the night before but it didn’t work.  When he saw Cas waiting with a bag of food outside of the building for him, his spirits lifted, but his scent was still soured.
The first few weeks were the hardest.  He tried to see the good things in his situation but it was difficult.  He was grateful that it was moving in to April and the weather was warming up.  If it had been January it would have been much, much harder.  He had become friendly with several of the omegas and betas at the shelter and he sometimes helped MaryAnn with the food.  She gave him an extra portion on those nights and most times that was all Dean had to eat that day.
Dean woke in his nest one more time.  He sighed.  He had sort of forgotten how hard it was to recover from his heat.  He slept on and off for at least a day after and it was always draining.  He stretched and groaned at the way his muscles protested.  He wiggled around at the pleasure of the stretch and paused.  He scented that smell again.
Charlie nodded and they ate in silence for a few minutes.  “Ellen asked me to pick some wildflowers this morning for the hall.  Would you like to come with me?”  Charlie asked as they finished up.  Cas smiled at her, delighted to be able to spend time with his friend and get out of the castle.
He dressed slowly and tried to tame his hair in the mirror.  He smoothed down the tunic and made his way out of the door.
“That is…” Cas trailed off, not knowing how to respond.  The information Lilith had given him about her old pack made Cas’ head swim.  He knew of traditional packs who held omegas in lower esteem than betas and alphas, but he had not known that they would be treated as nothing more than sex toys for alphas.  It seemed like everything Lilith had been taught was structured around controlling omegas.  Maybe the pack really thought those things, but in Cas’ eyes, he could only see how those untruths kept the omegas unaware of how their lives could be different, better.
“Ugh,” Sam said.  He fell backwards into the couch cushions and blew out a breath.  “So that girl, Ruby, is, unfortunately for me, really…what’s the word for it…influential?  Manipulative?  I don’t know, but for whatever reason, I started listening to her.  She’s smart and confident and ballsy and she just sounded like she knew so much more about life and being a lawyer that I started to take her ideas and suggestions to heart.  Like, a lot.  And it turns out that she’s not a nice person.
Cas stuck close to him while they shopped and he greeted many people as they passed.  He introduced Dean to half a dozen people before they were even through half the store and with each new person the strings inside of Cas pulled tighter.  Dean noticed that there were many omegas with and without their mates in the store.  There were a few house omegas with their alphas as well and Dean was especially glad to meet them.
“Good morning, Alpha,” she greeted him.  “I was hoping to see Cas before I needed to start preparations for the new omegas and pups.”
friend right now.  They had hung out several times in the last few weeks and he had neither been drinking nor hung over and she hadn’t noticed.  He had told her a few times that he wasn’t drinking as much.  Was he that unimportant to the people in his life that they didn’t pay attention to when he made big changes in his life?
Cas was proud of his company and was eager to get back to work.  He had been itchy the last day or two and knew he was ready to resume his normal routine.  Not everything would be normal, he remembered.  He would have a new normal with a mate and pup soon.  Cas shook his head and marveled at how his life had changed in such a short time.
Cas pressed kisses to the back of Dean’s neck and shoulders while his breathing evened out and Dean forgot about being nervous.  They washed quietly, sharing soft smiles and Dean felt more relaxed.
Cas vowed to make it up to Dean and call him later and explain.  Although, telling his boyfriend his mom hated him was not going to be the nicest thing to talk about, but it might explain why Cas was a bit shady and rushed off of the phone.
He glanced over to see that it was Charlie.  He debated whether or not to answer it.  He knew she had probably found out that Cas hadn’t talked to Dean and she was probably furious with him.  That could wait.
When Dean had woken up for the first time he was disoriented and confused.  The last thing he remembered was moving into the guest room, but he wasn’t sure when that was.  Dean knew it had been bad by Cas’ haggard face and the worry and relief in his scent.
“Hello to you too sunshine,” Dean replied.  He and Cas took seats next to each other at the table.  Cas shifted and pressed his thigh against Dean’s.  Dean pressed back, hiding a smile while taking his first bite of sandwich.  Aaron, Gabriel and Sam walked into the room together and joined them.
“We don’t plan on splitting up tomorrow.  We sometimes do that if there is a lot to do, however, one of us will always be with you.  We aren’t letting you out of our sight in town for a good long while.  It’s a small town and people are friendly enough, but there are always alphas that think house omegas are fair game.”
He dressed in his polo and khakis and headed straight for the pain medication on the kitchen counter.  He repeated the pill dosage and water while his coffee brewed.  It was nearly noon, but he needed the wake up.
He shook himself and turned to make his way down the stairs.  He had things to do and Dean needed some peace, so he would leave him alone.  He needed to call his brother and see what had happened to the company while he was rutting.
Dean looked at her in confusion, but let her gently lead him to the chair in the corner where she crouched in front of him.
Garth agreed and set off to tell his other friends that Dean had said yes.  Cas and Dean made their way to one side of the room where tables had been set up with flagons of ale and mead along with cheese and bread and fresh fruit.  They helped themselves and turned back to the crowd, chatting while they drank.
Dean flinched.  The pining sickness smell was lessened now that he was paying attention to his new smell, but he thought it was probably still pretty strong.
“We don’t necessarily agree with all the rules you’ve been taught, Dean,” Jimmy told him.  “Some are old fashioned and some just don’t work for the lifestyle we have.”
He took a breath and brushed it off.  He would be happy today and there were many things for him to embrace.  He took a few steps and glanced to where the chairs were reserved for his parents.  Bobby and Ellen sat there, smiling back at him.
Dean coughed and shifted in his seat.  Time to think of other things.  He didn’t want to show up at Cas’ turned on.  That he couldn’t mask.
Dean sighed in pleasure at the scent and touch of his alpha.  Cas pressed a kiss behind his hear and ran his fingers over his collar bone and ribs.  Dean could scent the happiness and pride coming from him and it made him relax further.
Dean smiled fondly at the alpha and bared his neck slightly.  “I’m ok, Cas.  I know you won’t let anything happen to me,” he said.  Cas leaned in and nipped Dean’s neck, harder than usual and Dean gasped as he clutched the front of Cas’ shirt.  Cas smoothed the hurt with his tongue and Dean chuckled.  “If anyone doubts whose house omega I am they must be blind and without a nose.”
“Dean,” he whispered.  They were face to face, so close.  Cas bracketed his head with his forearms and looked into the omega’s eyes.  The shimmer that had been present before was now solidifying into a ring of gold around his iris.  Cas could feel the red starting in his own.  He needed to move if they wanted to remember this part in any way.
“What am I going to do?” Cas asked him.  He shook his head.  “Nothing, Jimmy.  He’s here to do a job and we aren’t courting and I’m not in love with him.  Besides, he’s young and he has a lot of life to live.  He doesn’t need a mate or pups right now, let alone someone older.”
Cas couldn’t resist anything his omega asked of him, so he quickly stripped down and crawled into the nest.  He pulled the blanket off of Dean’s head and Dean latched on to him.  He pressed his face into Cas’ neck and almost sobbed.
“Preggers,” Dean replied.  He tried to sound joking, but it fell flat.  He sighed and ran a hand over the back of his neck.  “I’m pregnant.”
Cas bristled and his eyebrows slammed down. “All the more reason, Dean,” he said.  He pulled him close and kissed him full on the mouth.  Dean inhaled his determined scent and knew Cas wouldn’t be swayed.
Cas pressed a kiss to where he had bitten him and Dean shivered.  Cas pulled back and kissed Dean’s mouth again.
Cas was surprised at the question.  He frowned.  “I hadn’t really thought about it, but I think so.  I mean, if we were just room mates then we would expect to bond differently, right?”
Cas followed Mary out to the great hall where people were slowly gathering for the meal.  He saw the Winchesters seated in the family area before one of the fires, sitting comfortably on the couches and chairs.  There were several such places throughout the great hall at the six fireplaces.  There were two on each long wall and one on each end.
Cas tried to struggle, but the pain that was radiating all over his body was making him sluggish.  The force of the blows Lucifer had delivered had left him dazed and he was having a hard time thinking straight.  Once on the bed one of the alphas climbed on and sat on his legs.  A hand came down to clamp on the back of his neck while the ropes were cut from his hands.
Dean felt a flood of relief at his words and relaxed slightly in Cas’ hold.  Cas tightened his arm in response but didn’t take his eyes off of his brother.
“Is this where I kiss you good night?” Cas asked him softly.  Dean rolled his eyes but let Cas turn him face the alpha.
“Dean,” Jimmy nearly whined.  Dean hung his head at the sadness that was laced through his voice and scent.  He hadn’t wanted to upset the alphas.
More shouting and banging came from the front door and Dean looked frantically from her to the door and back.
When he felt Cas’ knot begin to form he thought he would explode.  He was in real danger of coming without permission.  He was delirious with the pleasure of Cas in him and around him.
Cas made an appointment for himself then headed back to the office.  He was there for a short amount of time before his mother knocked on his door.
They settled at the table and Dean glanced over the remains on the island.  He quickly put another batch of pancakes on the griddle and pulled more oranges from the bag in the pantry. He brewed another pot of coffee and got orange juice for those who wanted it.
Dean smiled as he pulled off his coat and hung it on the rack by the door. “Not even for pie.  I’m not really feeling good, Cas,” Dean told him.  “Is it okay if I just go on upstairs?”
“Alright, well I’ll let you get to it then.  Call me if you need anything and I’ll keep you in the loop.”
The EMT that had spoken to him before looked back up at him.  “If you had a fight and didn’t talk to him for several days then this is likely Rejection Sickness.  We need to get him to the hospital and you need to come with us.”
Dean stared at her.  “Like the rest of this is something I want to talk about?” he asked her.  She smirked and shrugged.
Gabriel laughed, "See? It's a brother thing. Wow Dean, showing Sam at such a young age. You should be ashamed." he tsked.
Castiel breathed softly against Dean. He was no help to Dean, he was pliant and sated. He just nuzzled into Dean and stayed still.
Dean smiled softly, touched by Cas's affection and sincerity. He leaned over slightly to give him a kiss on the cheek, wanting more than that but figuring it could wait. "And I do the same for you. I wish I could memorize every word you ever said to me, but at least I can try to remember them the best I can. I don't want to forget any of it, or how you make me feel. " He replied.
With low hope, Dean goes to face Castiel at school, hoping that after school that their attempt to save Castiel before the weekend is on the balance. Dean is going to save his Princess.
Castiel made soft sound, calmed downed with Dean's hand in his, hearing his heart beat, and Dean brushing his hair. He was very calm now. "Mhmm..." He nodded slightly, feeling sleepy now. He fumbled with his free hand, grabbing the blankets and pulling it over them and settling back in. He stayed awake for a little longer in the comfortable silence, "Goodnight Dean..." He said softly.
Castiel reached blindly for the water and shut it off before wrapping his free arm back around Dean. Their skin was red from the warm water and their skin was a bit wrinkled for being in there for so long, but they didn't care. Castiel didn't say anything back to Dean from that, his heart was already brimming with feelings and overflowing. He still had a little hard time that Dean thought he was so amazing but Dean believed it. That's all that mattered. He nodded slightly, occasionally shedding a few tears still. He didn't want to say much now, not even sure what to say even if he had an infinite things that could be said.
"Yeah, I guess we can't, not with school getting in the way." Dean replied, thinking of how they had no classes together before looking over at Cas. "Cas, are you okay? Is something bothering you?" He asked, still not understanding why Cas seemed sad about something.
"I enjoy talking to you too. Most of the time when we do talk it's either important or sexual. I have noticed that. Well actually, important, sappy, or sexual." Castiel added. "Dean, are you /really/ opened to sexual ideas or are you just going along since I want to?" he asked. "I was just thinking about our conversation in the shower and I don't know...sometimes I say a lot of sexual things to you, though truthful, I always seem to be pushing intercourse on you." he said.
"And I would never ever know what you did in school because you don't ever talk to me about it." Sam put his 2 cents in. "Strange how Cas popped into your life Dean and put a 360 on it." he commented.
"It's okay Cas, he'll like it. I'm sure." Lisa reassured him when she saw his expression. "Dean isn't a picky eater and he'll eat it because he know you worked hard to make it. Plus I know it tastes good, you were careful with everything I said." she smiled.
"Thanks Cas." Dean replied, feeling better now. "And trust me, I was tempted to hit the guy. He's a serious bag of dicks. But I didn't." He said, just the thought of how smug he was making his temper flare. "So I punched the locker instead. I needed to get my anger out somehow." He added with a shrug.
Castiel smiled a little, turning his head a little and placing a soft kiss to Dean's neck. He rubbed his face a little in Dean's neck before settling in again and breathing out. "You're so comfy..." he commented quietly. "Always warm." he added with a small smile.
Dean smiled slightly at Cas's question, practically feeling head tilt Cas would have through the screen. He knew Cas probably wouldn't have gotten his joke at first, but he had sent it anyway.
"Okay, 'whatever song I want' it is." Dean replied with a chuckle, shifting through the stations again and starting to sing to one that he knew. He drove much more leisurely than he had going to Cas's house, wanting to enjoy their time alone as much as possible.
Castiel sighed this time, "Yes...I don't know when Raphael will leave but I will endure until then." he said.
"Yeah, that's what I want to hear!" Dean cheered, smiling as they set to work. Soon Raphael would be gone and Cas would be free.
Castiel looked a bit hesitant before he picked up the microphone, "One song couldn't hurt." He said.
Dean smiled softly, leaning his forehead against Cas's. "You're my worst distraction, and I like it that way. I wonder the same about how you got to liking me, but I know why I 'developed feelings' for you. Some year when we have nothing to do I might have time to think out how to tell you all the ways that you're amazing." He replied. "But for now I'll settle with saying that I love you." He added with a grin.
Dean took a slow breath and nodded. "I'll try for myself, I promise." He replied seriously, meeting Cas's eyes so that he could see that he was being honest.
Benny was waiting for Dean already, figuring the Dean would rough it out compared to Cas. "You get cut no slack brother, come to school and it's like a roar of people." he commented.
Castiel hummed his response. "Yes this is fine." he smiled a little. He could feel the heat radiating off of Dean and hear his breathing. It was soothing in a way. Castiel scooted a little closer, before settling. "Goodnight Dean." he said softly.
Castiel nodded a little, "I don't want us to be separated, Dean. I know I'm being selfish and involving your family but I don't want to go through that again...I don't want you to go through that again." He said. He didn't want to bring up the idea of Dean leaving him for the better because he doesn't think he'll be able to handle complete rejection from Dean.
Gabriel laughed a little, "You have no idea what I've tried to get him to try things, he just shoots me down or learned how to avoid me. Devious little bastard." He tsked. "You know I would love to embarrass him, he's such an easy blusher. I seriously wonder how he got into our family sometimes." He said.
Dean dropped his knife, staring at this overgrown sized Cas. He was his size, no longer the size of his palm. He was just staring, unable to get any words out but he had a million questions resting on his tongue just waiting to spill out.
"Hmm, I think I'll get Charlie a game too then, and I'll figure something out for Kevin." Dean replied, grinning as Sam sorted through the sweaters. "That'll be perfect for Cas. I think decorating and everything would be nice this year, for Cas and everyone else." He added. It had been years since they had actually put effort into decorating, but he thought it could be fun to do together. "And Sam, you should know I'll like anything you get me." He added.
After their little rendezvous, they have to return back to school but like always school is rough and Dean will still do anything to protect Cas. he'd do anything for Cas.
Dean ginned and nodded in understanding. "Okay, I can play by those rules. Your birthday is in August, the 20th." He answered smugly, glad to have gotten two right in a row. "Pants next." He said, though he was starting to want a kiss as well.
Castiel let out a soft breath once he was alone, shifting slightly as he waited. He saw Dean come back and he glanced up at him, before handing him the small bag of food. "Okay..." he replied before slowly getting out, looking up when he got out and he was a lot closer to Dean than he thought he would be and his heart fluttered in his chest.
"Anytime." Dean smiled, glad he'd been able to comfort Cas. He realized more people were staring now that their hands were together, but it felt nice, and he just didn't care. He returned the squeeze gently before slowly pulling his hand away, realizing they were going to be late if they kept standing here. "Oh, we better get to second period."
Dean tensed slightly as the vibrator met his skin, letting out a moan before he caught himself and bit down on his lip to keep quiet. Every part of him wanted to rise up against the sensation, to rock his hips against Cas's hand, to just do something to relieve the building ache. He pulled at his lower lip to suppress another moan as Cas slid the ring on, his hand clenching at the sheets beneath him and the other holding tightly on to Cas's arm. He made a vague noise of pleasure in answer to Cas's question, mind too far scattered from all the different sensations to make any actually coherent response.
Castiel nodded slowly, "Yes I am." he replied. He didn't understand why she was talking to him but he found no harm in answering her questions as long as she wouldn't turn out to be like the girl from yesterday, but Dean was here. He was okay.
Dean felt a pang in his chest at Cas's words, and he pulled Cas into another hug to give him all the comfort and support that he couldn't properly express in words. "You weren't a coward or weak. None of that is your fault, and there was nothing you could have done about it." He replied quietly, keeping his arms around Cas tightly.
Castiel hummed softly, sitting back before scribbling his fingers more on Dean's sides and stomach. He smiled at Dean, seeing him laugh. He just tickled Dean for a few moments before he stopped, seeing him flushed and panting. He grinned down at Dean, resting his hands flatly on his stomach. "You look really enticing under me like this." He commented. He went back to tracing circles on his stomach.
"Nuh uh...I could of..." Castiel sighed quietly, drifting back to sleep. "Maybe...some help..." He added softly. He curled up a little on the bed, "S'cold...come snuggle..." He mumbled.
His voice wavered, shaking as he explained that. He closed his eyes and he could feel what it was like and he was scared. He wanted to throw up. He remembered it was when he lost his bag and he found it in the classroom and they jumped him. He was pinned against the desk that he sat at and all their touches were rough and hastily. He didn't want to believe this, he felt like he was being raped in front of a whole class and everyone would know. He had enough, why was everyone always after him? Trying to tear him down? He wanted to just give up, but he was just so angry. Why? Why him? He started to fight back and kicked and thrash and landed a few good kicks before they hit him but he kept going. He remembered the teacher finding him and the relief that washed over him and the teacher saying she'll call him parents for him but he denied it. He told her, they wouldn't pick up. He walked home that day, but it was more like run. He didn't want anyone to catch him.
Castiel followed after Dean, moving around guys in the locker room to get to their lockers. He sighed a little at his locker before he unlocked it and started getting change.
Soon they were arriving and Castiel got out with Dean, "Wow, it's huge." He gaped a little. He bounced slightly on his heels, "I haven't been to the amusement park before! Let's go!" He said happily before pulling Dean along.
Castiel sat up, holding the tie in his hands. He glanced at Dean's other wrist before taking it and holding it near his other. He gently looped it around one wrist then crossed it over onto his other wrist. He took both the ends and crossed them over the center and looped them around again, he pulling it so it was secure. Then in the center he twisted the ties between the ones that were already pulled through and laced them together, then tied it off. He pulled the ends to make sure it was secure before holding Dean's tied hands in his and looking up at Dean.
Castiel rolled his hips into Dean before staggering his legs and shifting it between Dean's and pressing it at his erection before switching his treatment to the other nipple and kept playing with him. He wanted to bring Dean as much pleasure as he could so he was taking it slow and doing the most as he can. His other hand was playing with the other. His free hand was still in Dean's, gently squeezing it.
Benny glanced at Dean, "Gladly help you out if you need it." He said before he did a two finger salute and left.
Dean took a step inside and Lisa lead him into the kitchen, "Want something to drink?" she asked. Dean politely declined. Lisa came back in with a bottle of water and set one down for Dean just in case.
Dean's worry softened as Cas explained, raising a hand to gently cradle the side of Cas's face. "Then I'm glad you made it this far, because I won't let it get that bad again. For either of us." He vowed quietly, leaning over to kiss him softly. "We've got each other now." He added, smiling at the thought. He loved waking up in the mornings to see Cas, loved showing him new things, loved just being in the kitchen every day and watching Cas cook. He wouldn't trade any part of his day, because every moment with Cas was a good one to him.
So what was it? Why didn't Dean want to accept him? Dean showed that he cared about him, hasn't thrown him out since he brought it up, even comforted him. Why? Was he just not good enough?
Dean held him a little tighter. He knew Cas had already missed a lot of school, but if he could just miss one more day then Dean could go back and take care of the guy and make sure nothing else happened when Cas returned.
Dean's hands were clenched around Cas, bordering on the edge when Cas came. He felt him tighten as he orgasmed, and the feeling was more than enough to make him cum hotly. He felt the waves of pleasure crash over him, he leaned back slightly against the wall so that he wouldn't fall. His chest was heaving as he loosed his grip on Cas's sides, moving his hand to lightly stroke Cas's back.
Dean's breathing slowly steadied as he sat against the tub, thought process slowly returning. He desperately wanted to sleep, but first he knew he should help Cas, since he didn't seem to be in any state to clean himself. He slowly reached over and grabbed the wash rag again, running it under warm water before starting to wipe him down again.
Dean finished the last cut before sliding the chicken over, taking a smell of the pasta and vegetables. "I never thought broccoli could smell so good." He joked.
Castiel glanced between the two, "I...uh...I don't normally eat pizza so any topping will be fine with me as well." he replied.
Sam nodded, taking the hint about Dean avoiding talking about it. "Alright. That's fine. What are you guys making?" He asked.
"Well, it really doesn't have to be a nice dinner. It's not like Sam or Bobby will mind." Dean said thoughtfully. "Okay, let's just not go to the store then." He decided, feeling relieved at the decision. He kept driving forward, passing the store just as he said they wouldn't go, and continued down the road instead of turning around.
Castiel was just looking at him, "You're doubting what I just said." he commented, being able to see the gears shifting around in Dean's head. "I'm not lying. I do believe you would make an amazing father Dean, I just wished you could see it or give yourself a chance to try." he told him before gathering his things.
Dean arched up and moaned, squeezing Cas's hand desperately. "Shit, Cas, you're amazing," he gasped, watching him with dark eyes as he moved his other hand to tangle in Cas's hair.
Dean shook his head, getting out of the bed and walking to the tank and Castiel looked back at it before up at Dean with a hurt look, Dean was avoiding it again. "I'll find you a mate Cas...someone like you okay? We can't be mates." said Dean.
Castiel shot a look at him, "That's none of your concern if I have a problem with him or not. Do not meddle in my relationship." he snapped.
Castiel shivered lightly again, making a soft sound. He parted his legs a little more, "Then you can assume the same from me." he said. "I'd do anything to see you happy." he added, glancing over his shoulder at Dean.
"That was my first thought, but Cas made me promise not to hurt him." Dean replied with a sigh. "So I'm going to go talk to the guy." He rolled his eyes. "But if that doesn't work, maybe I'll have to have another 'talk' outside of school to make sure he knows I'm serious."
Castiel didn't move, he just laid there. He wanted to ask Dean questions but he knew what Dean would say and he was scared of what he /could/ say. He didn't shift from the blankets, just laid there quietly.
Castiel glanced up at him and set aside his empty mug before nudging Dean's legs apart a little so he can settle in between them. He laid on Dean sideways, draping his legs over Dean's thigh and over the bed slightly and let out a soft breath. "I love you." he said softly. "I love you so much." he added, still having the blankets curled around him with his two cats in his lap.
Castiel watched him as he talked, "That was pretty risky of you." He commented. "I'm glad you took the chance. I probably would have not figure it out myself if you didn't." He said. "I wasn't actually sure of how I felt but I figured it out."
Castiel was completely out of it, laying back onto the seat. He was refocusing his eyes while his mind was still blank from the pleasure. His body twitched a little from the aftershocks but he was starting to come around just slightly. He glanced up at Dean with half lidded eyes before he slowly slid out from under Dean and gently pushed Dean back against the seat and door as he crawled back over to Dean. He settled in between Dean's legs while he was on his stomach before reaching out and stroking Dean while his other hand slipped in between Dean's legs and lightly fondled and caressed his balls as he gently licked the top of Dean's cock. His tongue just licked around the head and slit repeatedly as he continued to stroke Dean. He was blanked out so the thought of this being disgusting was nowhere in his mind. He kept a tight hold around Dean and went slow going up but a lot quicker and rough when he stroked down. He kissed the top of the head as he continued to do all three things.
Castiel let out a soft breath as he looked at Dean, "You're right…" he said. "They've been really quiet since we left them...maybe they left."
Castiel unwillingly swallowed it, feeling completely sick. He was going to throw up. The buzzed hair guy pushed up Castiel's shirt, leaving him basically naked in the cold. He tucked it into Castiel's mouth as soon as he opened it to yell. He roughly pushed down his own pants and took position behind him. There was blood and cum spilling out of him. He hit Castiel's ass, "You look like a cum slut, so fucking gross." he mocked.
The cashier guy was not long after them, looking over at them. "Hey guys. Let's just go. Leave him alone." he said, walking over to them. Castiel's eyes looked fearful, looking over at him with wide eyes.
Hello Everyone! The Come Guide Me Home Part is over, but the series, You're My Home is not! The whole series is going to be in three sections. Hopefully you'll want to continue because there's many things ahead for the two! They'll have Dean's birthday, Prom, Spring Break, Valentine's Day, and Graduation! There's much in store for them and it'll continue in the second part because I didn't want to overload in chapters. :3 So go check it out, it's called 'You'll Be My Path'. Okay, thank you for reading! Thank you for reading through the chapters and hopefully you'll continue! Thank you! <3
"Yes, you may eat." Castiel nodded and everyone grabbed for whatever they wanted. There was hamburgers, potato skins, macaroni and cheese, sushi, salads, pastas, bread, cookies, and of course pie.
Dean paused for a moment with confusion before it clicked, Cas thinks he's hiding his private parts because he's embarrass on how it looks or something along those lines. Dean wanted to laugh but he needed to explain to Cas that some things are just personal.
She set down her makeup bag and helped Dean into his clothes. "Turn." she said as she adjusted the skirt, she tucked in the shirt and fixed the back. She arched a brow at the stockings. She just lifted Dean's skirt up and put on a garter for him and clipped them on. Then she fixed it as she ignored Dean. She fixed the outfit and she sat him down, "Put on your heels while I get the makeup out." she said.
"What? Why? This is your bed and everything, you sleep here. I'll sleep on the ground." Dean told him before grabbing his jacket and starting to move before Castiel gently pushed him back with his tentacle.
"No. I'm fine. I don't think I'll eat something, I don't want to get nervous. Plus I had a very good breakfast." Castiel laughed lightly. "I think I will be fine." He said.
Castiel still didn't eat very much but his portion was getting back to normal and that was a huge relief to Dean and the death scare that Cas gave him the night of the incident was pushed to the back of his mind. Neither of them brought it up so they never talked about it.
Kevin took one cup and sipped on some, "Not bad." he said. "Still tastes like alcohol but it's not that bad." he said. Castiel took a cup and took a tasting sip, he gently licked the side of his lip.
Dean kissed his hair as Cas rested his head on his shoulder, giving him a few moments to steady himself. Once Cas's breath began to become more regular, he removed his fingers, resting his hand on his thigh and holding the other off to the side slightly.
"Counting the end for the new year. I haven't done that either, but I don't think you two would find that much of a surprise." Said Castiel.
All Castiel could think in his head was ‘I love you, be mine, stay forever’ and things along those lines but he didn’t want to scare Dean away. Not when he has finally come back and was coming around to him. He can be patient.
Castiel glanced over at Dean, he gently reached over and held onto the hem of Dean's shirt as he ate his ice cream. He just turned back to the window and looked out. Charlie and Sam easily finished theirs, not even getting a brain freeze. Kevin just sipped away at his drink, not bothered to drink it quickly.
Sam, Charlie, and Kevin were still asleep. They curled into each other not knowing that half of them left. Dean had come downstairs and Gabriel, Anna, and Castiel were in the kitchen, talking rapidly and quietly.
"Carry On Wayward Son, most of the time." Dean replied with a soft smile. "She'd sing it like a lullaby, though." He said, realizing he'd never told anyone about that. Sam might not even remember.
Sam nodded, giving Dean the list. “Right, well. You get the stuff on this and I’ll check it over then before we leave so we don’t forget anything. If you need anything else before then, just write it on there. I mean I just wrote the necessities.”
Castiel's hands held onto him tightly, arching back and moaning. He forgot how it felt to have Dean inside of him. A bit of drool dripped down his chin as Dean moved in him. His cock bobbed between them as the little bell jingled with every move. They both blocked out the ringing, hearing just each other's moans and pants.
Castiel laughed a little, holding Dean's hands. "Distracting you is fun." He joked. "I at least know I have all your attention when I distract you." He said.
Dean smiled slightly, hoping he'd helped a little, before turning to glance at the students who were occasionally glancing back. He scowled, wishing they could just mind their own damn business and leave Cas alone. Today will be the worst, but it'll only get better after that, he thought to himself, letting out a puff of air. They could make it through one day.
Dean nodded and returned his smile, enjoying his enthusiasm. "6:30 sounds good to me." He replied. "So what kind of movie do you want to watch? We have pretty much every kind."
Dean thought of Cas blushing as he got the food, wondering if the delivery guy would notice that Cas was so embarrassed. He smiled at the image, knowing that they would never know why, but understanding how it would make Cas nervous.
Dean grinned, making his way towards a car with a sheet over it. "Alright, this is my baby." He said fondly, pulling off the sheet with a flourish. It looked in fairly good condition, clearly well kept. "I've just gotta finish up the engine and it'll be good as new." He said proudly, glancing over at Cas.
Sam looked at him oddly before a giant grin broke out on his face. "Did you just answer my jerk thing?" he asked, he patted Cas on the back with a laugh. "Way to be part of the family Cas. Getting up to speed with us."
"Going to set up a place for us. I want you to hear me. When you come home, we're leaving right away. Don't touch me because I need you to concentrate to drive. It'll be worth the few more minutes of waiting. So worth it." He said. "You're going to lunch. Then 3 more periods. Three more. You can do it. We can do it." He told him. "I'm going to hang up okay Dean? I'm going to set up a place for us."
Castiel nodded his head a bit, "Mhmm..." he moaned. "Been ready all day..." he panted. He shivered lightly in Dean's touches and gently pushed his hips into Dean's hand. He shifted his hips back a bit to urge Dean to hurry up a little. The plug was still vibrating in him but it was on low, but still moving nonetheless and it was making him desperate for more.
Castiel whimpered and whined, bowing his back a bit then crying out a bit feeling the thrust drag across his prostate with each thrust. His eyes went out of focus as he covered his mouth and his toes curled into himself. He moved his hips back quickly and lowered himself a bit more then Dean hit his prostate head on and he blacked out for a second for the pure pleasure. He came with a sob and Dean's name mixed in.
In Dean's wood shop class, Kevin was already there like always and he was talking to some other student . Kevin glanced around before he saw Dean come in and he saw how irritated he looked. "What's got you in a bad mood?" he asked.
Castiel mewled, digging in his nails slightly into Dean's shoulders. He was moaning a lot into Dean's mouth, not even able to concentrate to kiss Dean properly. He was lost on pleasure, not thinking of anything. He started to tear up a bit from the pure pleasure of everything, it felt like it was coming from everywhere. He curled his toes, tangling his fingers into Dean's hair and just tried to hold on.
When the weekend came around, Dean had no choice but to stay at home since he didn't have the excuse of work. Castiel was out of the tank and onto the bed right when the sun came up, ready for some answers. He plopped on top of Dean's chest and poked Dean's face.
Charlie looked over at the two and leaned onto Kevin. "Why can't you be all extra romantic with me like that, we're best friends." she pouted.
Dean scratched his finger under his chin and it starting cooing softly. Dean smiled before looking down at himself, he still had to finish his shower, but the little guy had made his unexpected visit. Dean looked around a little to see where he could put him but he didn't know where. He didn't want to put him on the floor of the tub, what if he accidentally eats the soap that he washes off? What if he steps on him? He paled out a little at the thought before shaking his head. He looked at him before remembering that the little octopus loved his hair for some odd reason. He raised his hand up to his head and the little octopus chirped and cooed before crawling off and nesting into Dean's hair.
"I'll call Sam tomorrow, he'll know how to make you right at home. If you don't like it here, I'll take you back okay?" he said.
"I love the feeling of kissing you, and I think...I think we should always kiss like this before school." Castiel offered softly, breathing out. "It makes me feel better. That I remember that you're here for me, that you'll still love me by the end of the school day." he mumbled. "We should be leaving soon..." he added.
"Maybe..." Castiel responded. "Maybe some help be'd nice..." he said. "But it might make me sexually aroused again..." he told him. "Mmm, having intercourse more than once is normal right?" he asked. He sighed softly, losing his train of thought for a second. "We only go once..." he noted.
"You're welcome." Charlie replied. They had a few minutes left. Charlie grabbed her things and so did Kevin.
Dean could feel the little suctions on the tentacle, letting the creature poke his finger to show he was okay. He saw the little creature's eyes widened a little at his new discovery, after knowing it wouldn't hurt him. He wrapped it more firmly and brought it closer, examining it closer to his face and leaning forward a little and kissing the tip of Dean's finger. Dean grinned before wiggling his finger a little.
"Well, you're making it, so I'm sure it'll be good. Even if it's healthy." Dean replied with a smile, following Cas out.
Dean kept his eyes locked on the mirror, fighting the urge to close them as he felt the tense sensation start to build in his groin. He tightened his fingers into Cas's skin before pushing him down. He had Cas on his hands and knees, pulling his hips up and his head down. He held Cas's hip tightly before just fucking into him relentlessly and wrapped his hand around Cas's cock firmly to give him rough strokes.
Castiel smiled, squeezing Dean's hand when he felt him kiss his head. He knew lunch was going to be over soon but he enjoyed their time together and Dean's kiss just made him feel like he could do it. He didn't want to leave but they couldn't avoid it.
He kept shuffling closer and closer until he was almost settled in Dean's neck. He looked up before just taking the chance and finally lying in the crevice of Dean's neck and shoulder, snuggling up to the nape of Dean's neck.
Castiel: *giggles at the touch* Sure thing, I'll be there. 4 o'clock. You are going to love them, I am sure. You will be an avid reader in no time! The Cas guarantee. Well, I have never actually turned someone into a reader, so it is not a guarantee... but you get the point.
Castiel opened his locker, taking out his shoes. He changed his pants and put it away and locked his locker back up before he put on his different shoes and walked out. He saw people warming up, not doing anything too exerting right now. He walked over to Dean, sitting on the mat in front of him.
"And I won't flirt with anyone." Dean replied as he got out as well, pulling his bag over one shoulder. He still didn't want to go in, but now he was more confident that he and Cas would be fine. "We can make it to next month," he added, looking over at Cas with a slight smile as they made their way inside.
Dean held up the panties and let out a breath, setting them on the bed while he undressed. He slipped them on, the softness familiar against his skin. "Okay Cas." He called after taking a moment to prepare himself. He stood by the bed, somewhere between nervous and excited.
Castiel looked at Dean, leaning a little against his touch, "I don't...I don't really want to stop, I'm...I'm just not used to it. It feels really different but not exactly uncomfortable." He replied. "You said it takes some time to get used to….I want to try it. If I still feel weird and uncomfortable, I'll tell you..." He said, moving his hand from his stomach over Dean's.
