Charlie squealed behind him and Dean was tempted to flip her off.  He was never gonna see this guy again anyway. What was the big deal?
He heard a sigh of relief on the other side. “Yeah, uh, good,” Sam cleared his throat. “Well, Eileen and I are chasing a vamp nest in Kansas. Not that far from you, actually. You’re welcome to join.”
He didn’t really understand the messages with Jody. They were out of context. They must have called first. She encouraged him to just talk about it, to be open about it, but he had no clue what “it” was so he clicked away.
The elevator ride felt like it took a few hours rather than thirty or so seconds. When he finally stepped out, he felt relaxed again. Yeah, he was about to be shooting a goddamn reality T.V. show. But he was nothing if not adaptable.
to be here… but he wasn’t an obsessed bastard like the rest of the guys here. He wasn’t gonna cheat and fake it to get ahead. He hadn’t even submitted a damn audition tape.
His eyes were dry now. He’d ran out of tears a few hours ago, but the sobs had continued for some time. Gasping, heaving, no room for air in his lungs because all he could feel was crushing disappointment, sadness, anger, self-loathing.
Then he collapsed. There was no one to see him, no one to hear his panicked breathing. He didn’t cry, he never really had been able to, but the pain rolled over him in waves. Dean was somewhere, alone, hurt, suffering, wondering where he was. Cas closed his eyes, and for a moment he felt Dean’s lips against his. Then the taste went cold, leaving the ghost of a tingling sensation burning against him.
Cas tensed underneath him and mentally he cursed. He tried to untangle himself but Cas pulled him back in. The angel was shaking slightly beneath him now, but he had no idea why. When he looked up into Cas eyes, they were brimming with tears again and there was a strange expression on his face. It was almost wonder, but it was so fearful too.
But he was here now, so he was gonna try. And Lisa seemed like a nice enough girl… maybe there was something there. And the guys, regardless of their questionable motives and outlooks on life, were miles beyond easy on the eyes. They were fucking hot.
Cas’ eyes widened a little, but he didn’t stay anything. They just reveled in the feeling of their bodies being pressed together, of this moment that they never thought could happen.
The people at these things always looked the same. Black tuxes, plunging necklines, scandal practically oozing off of them.
“How could you-” Sam started, before taking a shaky breath. “What the hell happened, Dean? What aren’t you telling me?” Sam’s words spilled out over each other like they’d been in his mind for a long time. Not like they’d been rehearsed or planned, but like the thoughts had been rolling around for so long that they made it out of his mouth without the proper words attached to them.
Dean’s head finally stopped spinning as he sat up. The taste of Cas was still on his lips and he fought to ignore it. This wasn’t real. He didn’t want this. Didn’t need this. He had to get out.
“You’re a great guy,” she said. “And, I wanna get to know you better. So,” she smiled, laughing a little. “Dean, will you accept this rose?”
“Benny, Harry, Cas, Nick, and, uh,” he glanced down at a clipboard before pointing behind Cas, “Dean. You guys are in this one.”
Jake stepped out of the car and slammed the door behind him before the footman even had a chance to close it. Dean watched his back through the window as he took a strong stance and called something too muffled to make out to Lisa.
“Dean. We need you.” Sam stepped forward, lifting his hands to show he was defenseless. “I do. Jack does. Cas, the real Cas, he needs you.”
Cas filed the interaction away for future reference and turned his attention back to the stage, where the stri- dancers had finished their show to a huge cheer from the guys and Lisa.
He blinked at the question and looked down at his chest. Then he decided to move past the slip and try to give her something she could use.
He’d only ever really been in love once. When he was still just a kid, barely in his twenties. He just didn’t do the whole “love” thing.
He blinked away the daze and looked into Cas’ eyes, their chests pressed together by some trick of whatever gods still existed.
But before he could turn to leave, the door swung open and his mom was wrapping him in a giant hug, tears wet on her cheeks. She was younger than when he knew her. More like the Mary he’d seen when he was thrown into the past. She looked happier too. Free of the worries of the world.
He remembered the first time they’d met, at an event much like the other night. He remembered the electricity, the shiver that ran through him when their eyes met. He remembered kissing passionately in the alleyway behind the event, Dean skipping the speech he was supposed to give. Then Dean had learned his name, had stepped back, eyes wide and fearful. That hadn’t stopped them from finding their way back to each other though.
“He’s alive,” Sam said slowly. “He’s alive?!” his voice was dripping with sarcasm now, every syllable biting. “Jesus, Cas. Who the hell has him?”
There was too much to say. Too much to explain. Too many memories to relive. And they had all the time in the world. So Dean didn’t say anything at all. Instead, he slipped his hand into Cas’ and led him to the flat rock. He hopped up and patted the space next to him, waiting for Cas to get settled before he leaned onto his shoulder.
“Why don’t you fill Cas in while I pack?” he said before standing. Dean watched him as he left. His hands had started to tremor a little, and he was sure his face was bright red. But at least Sam had given him the chance to say no. To fuck it all and live in misery for the rest of his life.
Slipping behind the wheel felt as safe as it always did. Baby hadn’t changed. Even the imperfections had stuck, and he was grateful for it. People always thought paradise meant perfection, but he didn’t think so. No, paradise was something else. It was acceptance. It was truth. It was family.
“Right, Wyoming. So anyway, Dad was off hunting and Dean and I were holed up in this motel room with nothing to do. It was right during winter break, too, so we didn’t even have school to occupy ourselves. Dean gets me up at the ass-crack of dawn and drags me out to this car he had hotwired just so we could have a day outside the motel. We drove for like, ten hours-”
They just kept staring at him, stupid grins just getting stupider, so Dean turned away and started messing with the cash register. Part of him wasn’t mad though. Hell, none of him was mad. Castiel had his number.
His jaw went slack and his eyes widened just a little. It seemed like an eternity, waiting for him to respond. Waiting for a finger to get cut off, an eye to be taken out, a vein to be cut. But Crowley just stood there, his eyes cold and empty.
“Have you figured out what we’re hunting?” he said, his eyes flicking between the two of them. If he picked up on the tension in the room, he didn’t say it.
Distantly, he heard the bunker door open and close. At least Sam or Jack had made it out. Then again, that could be Chuck coming to drag him away. Coming to gloat that the flaw in his plan, the hiccup that Cas had caused again and again was gone.
“What do you mean you haven’t found him?” he asked through clenched teeth. It sounded stilted, lost. He hadn’t really succeeded in getting himself under control. And maybe that was another reason they’d met so out of the way.
still need you. So you don’t get to decide when your time is up ‘cause you’re too damn important.” His chest was heaving as another tense silence filled the room, but he didn’t care. He just jabbed a finger at Cas. “Don’t fucking leave me.” His voice had dropped, coming out raspy and goddamn broken. He didn’t even care. His mind was still reeling, the words
Eventually, he stepped forward, slamming his fist into Dean’s jaw one more time. Dean felt his mouth fill up with blood, and he spat the metallic liquid out toward Crowley.
When the nightmares came, it was always Cas who answered his screams. Even if they were silent, pleas spoken within his soul, the angel would come.
“We’ve been over this, boy. Don’t tell me you forgot while I was away.” John took another step toward him, uncrossing his arms and letting them fall loosely at his sides.
And Dean, still dazed, still asleep, still whirling in confusion, wanted to sob. Because if the djinn really wanted to get him, really wanted to drain his entire life away while he lived in a blissful reality, this was how to do it. But it was torture all the same. Because Cas, his Cas, would never.
“I don’t owe you anything. You gave me nothing. But I needed to say that. Needed you to hear it. Because I finally know that you were wrong. All those years, all that pain… you were wrong.”
“Gentleman, if you did not receive a rose, I’m sorry,” Chris said, standing in front of them again. “Take a minute to say your goodbyes.”
“Hey,” Dean said, glancing at the lamp with a question in his eyes. “Gonna tell her she’s the light of your life or something?” He snorted, coming to a stop next to the guy and sizing him up. The suit looked better up close.
Jack pulled Cas into a hug, and the two looked at each other, some unspoken words passing between them.
The next day came and Benny was still there, rose in hand, dazzling everyone with amazing stories of his night with Lisa. They’d gone to a real film studio and helped on set, then had a magical dinner in downtown LA.
Cas sighed, his hot breath falling on Dean’s neck and sending shivers down his spine. “You and Sam have saved the world again and again. If anyone stands a chance against-”
Dean let his eyes flick to Meg- the Empty, a snarl on his face. But she just smiled broadly back. Then he blinked and she was across the room, a hand on Cas’ shoulder.
“You know,” Sonny said, his voice for the first time was shaking slightly, “There was a boy. Here. At the home. That’s why he didn’t want to leave. That’s why he had to stay. But he chose you.”
As soon as she had finished, the guy who had been talking to Jake stepped forward and took Lisa’s arm.
He swept the rest of the apartment. There weren’t any photos or anything, just bare walls. Again, it was just what he would have wanted. Damn, this djinn did a good job.
“Nope,” he said tightly. He liked Charlie. A lot. Hell, she was one of his best friends. But this morning all he wanted to do was go back to bed and curl up with a nice cup of coffee. Good coffee. Black coffee. Not the shit they served here.
He saw the fist coming, but he didn’t dodge it. He just steeled himself as it slammed into his right cheek, managing to stop himself from flinching entirely.
“Hey!” Charlie said cheerfully, coming up from behind him. She tied her apron around her waist and took her place next to him at the second cash register. “Slow morning?”
A sharp gust of wind blew across the beach and he got a mouthful of sand that had him coughing, collapsing to his knees into the cold sand. He shivered slightly and took a sharp breath.
“Yeah,” Dean cut in. “It was bad. We flew down that hill so damn fast… and when we hit the bottom we both went flying. Hurt like a son of a bitch. We were all bruised up. Dad got back and thought we’d hunted something by ourselves,” Dean snorted. “Wasn’t my best idea.”
Her mouth fell open as she smiled and she shook her head. “I just wanted to say,” he said, swinging their hands lightly together, “Ben has amazing taste in music.”
“You’re insatiable,” Cas said with a roll of his eyes. But anyone who knew him well could see the ghost of a smile dancing around his lips.
“He’s not okay, Sam.” He let some emotion creep into his voice. It wasn’t faked, he just stopped masking it for a second. Dean was gone. The second he let himself think about that, process that, he felt close to breaking down again.
Sam was smirking at him from the sled and he considered flipping him off. But that would just show there was something to be mad about. Which there wasn’t.
He cleared his throat, running his thumb over the cool metal and fixing his eyes on the trigger. But he already knew, he’d already decided.
When they pulled away for air, Cas’ expression was still guarded, though his defenses had started to slip away.
Balthazar’s features were barely visible in the dim light of the warehouse, and he wondered briefly if he should have just had him come to his home. It wouldn’t have been abnormal, Balthazar was one of his closest confidants. But he couldn’t risk it. Couldn’t let anyone know that for the first time in, well maybe ever, he was spiraling.
Dean licked his lips, not pulling back, letting his thumb trace over and over Cas’ skin. It wasn’t real. But he could leave tomorrow.
Some of the guys went out to the pool area, walking around the grounds, but most of them stayed inside, trading meaningless conversation. Before long, one of the producers who had been directing the cameras all morning got the guys from outside and gathered everyone in the living room.
Each time he did, Dean squeezed his hand tightly, came and stood next to him, smoothing his hair until Cas smiled at him and nodded.
because of Chuck. It is no divine plan, no cosmic fate, no power outside of our control. We chose this. We choose to return, to be as we are. We choose to carry on. What we have is not inevitable. And that’s the beauty in it. We could walk away right now, but we don’t want to. And we never will want to. I will never leave you.”
He changed quickly, and he could almost feel Dean’s eyes burning into him until he looked up and Dean jerked his head away. Cas smirked and climbed back onto the bed, exhaustion seeping in.
Dean went through the door into the room they were holding the rose ceremony. 16 red roses sat on a small pedestal, and the other guys in the room kept stealing glances at them. A cast member pointed him to the far side of the stairs, tapping on an x on the ground for him to stand on.
Dean could almost feel the tension thicken in the room at his words, and the guy sitting next to him shifted slightly.
He wasn’t too nervous. If there was one thing he consistently didn’t fuck up on it was first impressions with women. Everything else in his life could go to shit, but at least he had that.
The jerk of arms stopping his fall brought him back to the world, everything coming back into focus. Dean gripped his shoulders tightly and stood him up, pulling him away from the cameras, hiding at the back of the group.
“Dean, please.” And he shouldn’t have looked in his brother’s eyes. He’d avoided them so far. But they were so wide and vulnerable, darting between Dean and Cas. He looked sad, and Dean wondered briefly why before he pushed off Cas a little.
The back of Dean’s gun dug into his side and he almost reached for it. His family was gone. So he might as well join them in eternal damnation.
“Good,” she said, moving out of the way. He started up the stairs but stopped when she called after him, “And Castiel?”
He felt Cas’ grip tighten around him immediately and he let himself fall into it, completely encircled by Cas’ warmth- no, it wasn’t even warmth. With Cas it was just a bubble of pure energy that crept into Dean, making him feel whole.
“Why did you call me?” Cas sounded slightly more impatient now, but Dean sensed the underlying message. Cas knew him better than anyone. He knew he was deflecting. Knew he had a real reason for calling. And it didn’t matter what the angel was doing, for whatever reason he would stop and he would listen to Dean.
Dean snorted and clenched his fists at his side. They pulled uncomfortably at the bandages and he grit his teeth to stop from saying something.
“Yes,” she said with a shrug. Before he had time to respond, she pressed the knife into his cheek, dragging it slowly across to create a deep cut.
Something on Sam’s face changed and Dean immediately regretted this. It was a stupid idea. Founded in a daydream he would never get. But now Sam had that look on his face he got when he was planning something, when he knew something Dean didn’t.
Eventually, Cas got it. It wasn’t that difficult, the rip-away pants and shirt came right off. Dean’s eyes burned into him the whole time, and he pretended he didn’t notice. Pretended he didn’t see his eyes jerking away as soon as Cas looked up at him.
There would be time later to tell Sam everything. To help him understand, to give him part of Dean’s burden to carry. But for today, this was all he needed.
Mr. Autry cleared his throat and took a champagne before glancing between them. “So, ah, how did you two meet?”
A sleek black cat jumped down from a garbage can and disappeared into the night, but there was nothing else. No sign of Crowley, of the people who had jumped them, of the body Dean had dropped, of-
“Cas,” he breathed into the empty air. Then he stopped. That was it. That was all he could say. Because he hadn’t said that name since- since Cas was taken. He hadn’t said that name since the angel had been standing in front of him, tear-streaked face filled with an expression of joy Dean had never seen before.
“Dean!” The voice was urgent, loud, and so familiar. He let himself stay in Cas’ arms, pressing himself into his chest, not bothering to look up at Sam.
Dean uncrossed his arms and ignored the way Cas was squinting at him. “That’s different,” he said finally.
Dean jerked his gaze away from him and he stared out the window instead, rehearsing the line he’d gotten approved with the producers to use for Lisa. He thought he should just be able to come up with it himself, but since when was reality television real.
Benny looked around at the other guys and Dean gave him a thumbs up before he stepped out onto the drive, straightening his suit jacket before the door swung shut.
Chris paused for a second and looked around the room, his face just blank enough that it gave nothing away. “So, I wish you all the best. And if you’re ready, here’s our bachelorette.”
Instead he would devise a plan. A foolproof way to ensure Dean’s safety. And his… but at the end of the day, if he didn’t come out of this alive and Dean did, then that was all that mattered.
He knew it wasn’t real the second he woke up. Knew he’d been poisoned, he was lying in some warehouse somewhere, having the life drained from him. Because when he woke up, he wasn’t alone. Castiel was laying next to him.
Dean gulped, not letting his eyes fall but trying not to show the wave of emotion, the hurt, the loss, the utter
His grip tightened as the angel leaned into him cautiously, still obviously hesitant in his motions. He’d been thrown back to Earth, into the arms of Dean Winchester, and his entire soul was laid bare between them.
He grunted in pain and tried to stay focused as her fists struck him over and over. Everything went fuzzy and black, but he maintained a thin thread to reality. It wasn’t too hard when he pictured Cas’ eyes. Piercing blue cutting through the red hot pain.
She paused for a second, then seemed to gather herself. “Alright, Dean. Well, we’ll take your suitcases to the house if you end up staying tonight. How are you feeling?”
“Well,” Dean said, a flirty smile finally making its way past his bundles of nerves and awkwardness, “She had good taste.”
He would be gone. He would get what he deserved. He would be free from this pain, free from the knowledge that Cas had loved him back and they could have had years. They could have been happy.
“What the hell is this about, boy?” His voice was low. More like the John Winchester that Dean remembered. More like the John Winchester that had been created when Mary died. Or, really, the John that had been there all along but had been hidden in empty promises and sweet nothings.
Sam lifted him up, pulling him into a hug, and he let him. For just a minute. Then he stood, dusting himself off. “Let’s get going.”
She rolled her eyes and slipped a hand into the pocket of her tight-fitting black jeans. When her fingers emerged, they held a crisp folded paper. “Here,” she said, handing it to him. “This is an address. Crowley was tired of waiting. Come alone, tomorrow night, and maybe we’ll let him live.”
Cas looked at Dean, the fear more present now, eyes rimmed red, before nodding to Sam. “Good,” he said tightly. “Excellent. What?”
HIs heart was pounding in his chest, crawling up toward his throat. His body told him to run, to get far away while he was safe. But instead, he stood to meet Cas chest to chest.
Dean frowned, looking back to the stove where he was stirring some scrambled eggs. “Making breakfast.”
Cas felt his stomach drop but he kept his face set, there were still cameras on them, after all. Even at night. Even while they slept. Besides, he could deal with Nick, Benny, and even Dean for the short while it would take for them to get sent home. At least Harry wasn’t so bad.
Cas’ eyebrows raised slightly at the sight of it. He’d sold it just weeks ago after taking it off a high-ranking government official. He’d almost bemoaned the loss, regardless of the profit. Dean had looked amazing with it and nothing else on. He glanced down at Dean and saw the blush rising in his cheeks. He pulled him a little closer to his body then guided him over to the couple.
“What if we do win?” Dean said. His anxiety was all but gone and a sense of peace and hope was taking its place. He liked feeling this way, as little as it happened.
He moved past the living room into the small kitchen, smiling in spite of himself when he saw a bright pink sticky note on the coffee maker.
“So, Dean, outside of your glamorous life as a bachelor,” Benny paused, his eyes glimmering as his southern drawl thickened, “what do you do?”
“Hmm?” Cas ran his hands down through Dean’s hair to his bare chest, letting them rest there comfortably. His touch was electric, but it was also safe. A jolt of warmth that sent shivers running up his spine while completely relaxing him.
In an instant, Dean’s eyes narrowed and he raised slightly in his chair. Cas put a steadying hand on his arm and Dean looked over at him, the anger slowly fading from his face. “That’s not what this is about. This about helping survivors of abuse and if you-” he cut off as his voice started to rise and he took a deep breath.
Then, before he could back out, before he could let that lump in his throat send tears streaming down his face, he kissed him. He kissed him like he’d been wanting to for years, pouring all the fear, the desperation, the utter loss he’d felt when Cas left him into the motion.
But he didn’t think it was real this time. Not for a second. And Dean wanted to pretend it was because it had already happened, he knew what the poison felt like, he could fight it this time. But that wasn’t it.
Dean leaned forward and cupped Cas’ face in his hand, wondering if the angel had always leaned into his touches like this. If he’d always been this vulnerable, this malleable, this shaky when Dean was so close. Or maybe it was just now. Now when everything is different.
As he spoke, Benny’s eyes lit up and he leaned forward to match Dean. “I’ve worked with cars all my life. Lost my job a couple months ago and now I’m in sales. But I wish I was working in the garage still.”
Dean felt a jolt of electricity run through him, and he fought to control his face. He was in Heaven now. Cas was in Heaven now. He gulped, trying to stop the shaking.
At Dean’s question, the guy rolled his eyes, his face going hard. Then he looked at the floor without a word. So, awkward
After they toasted, Lisa was whisked away and the producers briefed them on how the different rooms were assigned. Apparently, they weren’t even adult enough to decide their own sleeping arrangements, but he guessed they were probably doing it for the drama anyway.
Cas turned back to him, a soft smile on his face. And it looked so real. It wasn’t like the smiles Lucifer had faked, all teeth and no eyes. It was small, the corners of his lips barely turned up and his eyes crinkled.
“Is Jess there?” If Jess was there, she would talk him out of it. She would make him see sense, would tell him to hand this to the police. If Jess was there then this whole plan was out the window.
There was only one bathroom on the whole second floor, which was maybe the stupidest part of the whole thing, so Benny, Nick, and Harry all got away to brush their teeth before all the other guys got there.
Sam hadn’t called again. He probably assumed Dean was dead. He might as well be. Or maybe Sam was dead, Jack too.
Dean blew hot air onto his hands and rubbed them together before pulling on his gloves. The sun hung heavy in the sky, its harsh rays glinting off the snow straight into his eyes.
Cas walked to the center of the room where their suitcases lay waiting for them and grabbed his, barely sparing a glance at the rest of the guys before climbing onto the top bunk and falling back to stare at the ceiling.
“Oh,” Cas said solemnly, nodding. “I assume we’ll give the case to some other hunters.” Sam nodded and Cas slid his book back toward the stack.
She gave lamp guy one final hug and then he was walking into the mansion, leaving the lamp behind him.
Then Cas reached up and rested a hand on his face and ocean of guilt, of fear disappeared, fading away until it was just a dull presence in the back of his mind. He looked into Cas’ eyes, trying to read the softness there, but he got lost before he could.
He didn’t know how much time passed. Didn’t notice himself swaying. Didn’t notice the camera guy getting closer to make sure he had a good shot.
Even as he set out to come clean, his web of lies was just growing in strength, wrapping around him until he suffocated. Lies were for other people. They made it better for them. They had to.
Sometimes, providing there wasn’t a danger of Sam walking in, he would ask Cas to crawl into the bed with him. It was just brotherly, he wasn’t kidding himself about that, but it made all the difference. In the angel’s arms, he felt safe, he felt home. He knew the nightmares couldn’t hurt him then.
So everyone in his life just assumed he didn’t want it. Or maybe even that he was incapable of it. And he was sometimes. It was just hard to find someone that he actually cared about enough to let his guard down.
He finished the glass and set it by the sink before wandering back into the living room and cleaning up some of the mess. The one picture he had in the place was tipped over, so he reached down to set it up.
“I thought it was worth it,” Sam said, meeting his brother’s eyes. Unspoken words passed between them. Childhood trauma wrapped in brief moments of relief. “Man, I remembered that every single Christmas. Always wanted to go again.”
“Yeah, I- Do you need to go? You can go…” It would be so much easier if Cas just hung up. Because if he stayed on… Dean was going to do it.
“Can someone tell me what the hell is going on?” Sam was shifting from foot to foot, his eyes narrowed in concern.
A voice in the back of his mind told him to change his clothes, to go to the bathroom so Sam’s clean up would be easier. But he didn’t listen to it. That voice was just trying to stall. Was trying to stop him from what needed to be done.
He moved to fight, but he was exhausted. And a new bout of pain wracked his body as soon as they pulled at his injured arm. So he let himself be forced to the floor. Let himself submit as they knelt on his back, deciding his fate.
He could still see it, vivid as ever. The fifty years blended together but the landscape was stark in his mind. Bright flashes of lightning illuminating everlasting fires and tortured souls. He could see the chains in the sky, the jagged mountains, the place that had been his workstation--all of it in vivid color, seeping into his mind like a poison.
His arms shook slightly as they tightened around Cas and the tears faded before they could fall, replaced by the peaceful feeling of Cas. Cas surrounding him, Cas being with him, just Cas. The waves kept beating upon the shore. Just like they always would. And he held onto Cas. Just like he always would.
Cas shrugged and took a step back toward him. “Were you eager to,” he raised his hands in exasperated air quotes “‘talk it out’ with Sam or I?”
Cas reached up a hand and slowly trailed it down Dean’s cheek, noting how quickly he leaned into the touch. “I’m sure.”
“Can we go outside?” The words were barely a whisper, but Dean had been expecting them. Whenever he was able to wake Cas from something like this, they always went outside. Went out and looked at the stars, curled together for warmth.
Benny got animated after that, going through a couple different models they’d just brought in. Dean listened intently, glad he’d found someone with at least some sense in this hellhole. After a minute, he looked up and saw the lamp guy watching him. Just staring from across the room, his face intense but somehow blank.
Dean hated how easy it was to talk to him. Hated the peace he found when he was with him. Guilt would claw its way up his throat.
he thought immediately. But he didn’t say it. He hadn’t even processed the fact that Cas was gone yet, much less that he was in love with-
Cas just stared at him as he moved his legs, his eyes wide. Or maybe that was just Dean’s imagination. Maybe Dean just wanted Cas’ heart to be beating as fast in his chest as his was.
He didn’t know what he’d expected to find on Dean’s phone. He was- had been so guarded all the time. Kept everything close to his chest until it exploded and took his heart out with it. And he’d never been able to stop it. Sometimes he could pry some of it away and help Dean through it, but not really. Not enough.
Everything was warm and safe and bright and nothing else seemed to matter. He couldn’t remember why he and Cas didn’t normally get this close. It was some distant warning voice in his head, but the voice was too far away.
Before Dean could answer, Cas entered the room and Dean closed his mouth firmly, blush spreading across his cheeks.
Dean shook his head and smiled a little. At least this one he could answer honestly now. “Always am.” It wasn’t for him though. He was never scared for him. He was scared someone around him would get hurt. They would get hurt and it would be all his fault because he wasn’t good enough to protect them, to save them.
“Dean actually wants to go on a vacation,” he said. Dean shot him a death glare, but he just shrugged.
The phone wasn’t ideal. Hell, the fact this was about 8 years too late wasn’t ideal. But he had to. He was a grown ass adult, he could talk about his feelings.
She jammed the knife into his shoulder and left it there, stepping back to admire her handiwork. “Crowley is my brother. I wouldn’t expect you to understand. You were on the streets, you don’t know what family means. And then,” she stepped forward, taking the knife out before immediately jamming it back in, and Dean couldn’t stop the growl that escaped him. “And then you go and marry the man that somehow got to the top of a family he isn’t even a part of. A family he infiltrated and corrupted. One of the oldest, one of our allies.” She shook her head and stopped herself, seeming to realize Dean wasn’t saying anything, was just staring at her with pain coursing through his body.
Dean shoved his hands in his pockets and looked at his feet. Maybe he was being stupid. Because it hadn’t really been that bad, right? He’d made it all up. His dad had been through a lot. He had every right to treat them like he did. And Dean had never measured up. Had never been good enough. That was on him.
Drawing the blinds closed quickly, he almost missed the sprawling city below him. It really was beautiful, even though he would deny that to his grave. He’d always hated LA. Their dad had taken them here once when he was a kid… it didn’t matter now.
“Asa, Cole, Garth,” he pointed to himself with a broad grin, “Ash, Michael, Dean,” Cas zoned out after that, staring fixedly into the faces of the guys around him.
Cas wanted that. More than anything. More than he could admit to anyone, even himself. It was scary, how dependent he’d become on Dean. How happy Dean made him, even when he only showed it occasionally. Dean was everything. And Dean would hate the idea of Sam going into danger, so he had to say something. Just once, and then he would take Sam’s offer for help, no question.
Dean’s eyes widened as he looked ahead of them and saw a rough bump in the powdery snow, and he tried to steer away from it. It was too late. They hit it at full force and the sled was flung into the air.
He tried to force more words out. But they just got caught in his throat, choking him until tears were filling his eyes and his breaths came in gasps.
Cas grunted, pushing Dean’s face from his mind and focusing back in, grounding himself. He clenched and unclenched his fists in the pockets of his trenchcoat in an attempt to get blood flowing through his fingers again. It didn’t work. They remained stiff and swollen in the cold, completely useless. “If this is revenge then why have we not found his body. It’s been two days.”
A producer he didn’t know the name of led them up the stairs into the narrow hallway that led into several other bedrooms. He stood in front of one and called out five names.
They walked to the front of the room where a table was set up, their names displayed at two of the place settings. Dean felt stiff beside him, his movement mechanical, and Cas unhooked Dean’s arm from his own, stopping to face his husband front on.
Cas cleared his throat before he answered, and when he did his voice was back to normal. “What do you mean?”
Not really sure why, but still confident, he went to his contacts and found Sam’s name. Then he called him.
“It was an hour, max” Dean cut in. They had reached the top of the hill now, and they were standing in a circle, eyes fixed on Sam. Dean’s arms had started to ache from holding the sleds, and he let them rest on the ground.
She smiled gratefully at him and listened to something in her headset before continuing. “How do you feel about getting the first impression rose?”
His mind froze. He couldn’t do this. “One sec, I have to walk outside.” As the words left his mouth he rolled his eyes. He was really terrible at stalling when it counted.
“I would have,” she said. She forced what should have been a playful laugh, but he could tell she was still shaken. “But I appreciate it all the same.” She looked at him thoughtfully and took a deep breath.
Dean gulped as their eyes met, and not for the first time today he wanted to reach out and take his hand. Instead he let his eyes turn to Sam and Jack, issuing a challenge. “You guys are going down.”
Cas climbed down from his bed and grabbed his suitcase, resisting the urge to look up at Dean. It was just them in the room now.
The guy had tousled black hair like he’d just woken up, which, given that it was 7 in the morning wasn’t a bad assumption. His eyes shone bright blue even from this distance and Dean felt like he was going to drown in them. And then all the sudden he was up at the cash register, standing right in front of Dean.
Dean followed him through the glass sliding door that led straight to the beach. The sand was cool under his toes and the breeze was stronger out here. It ruffled his shirt as he walked after Cas all the way down to the water’s edge.
Cas was whimpering now, sounding so fucking afraid that Dean felt as though a physical blade had been rammed into his heart.
Part of it was a selfish desire to not want the long days spent alone at the house to be miserable. When Lisa wasn’t there and they had to be content with just each other’s company.
Her elegant black dress touched the ground lightly while her neckline plunged almost to her waist. Her jewelry was simple, but it suited her perfectly.
It didn’t exactly sound… bad. He poured himself a cup of coffee and saw a phone plugged in next to the machine. He lifted it and scrolled through a few notifications before unlocking it with his thumbprint.
His hair was still in place, so he wouldn’t have to redo that, at least. He took a deep breath, straightened his jacket, winked in the mirror with some added finger guns (no one was there, okay?), and spread his hands. Game time.
“I don’t know, Cas,” he whispered. He couldn’t stop staring, couldn’t stop looking at him because if he blinked, if he looked away for one second then the angel would be gone again. And if that happened he definitely wouldn’t get him back. That time he would be past unfixable and right on to alone.
“Alright,” Chris said, after congratulating them all again, “Let’s talk about how this works. This week, there’ll be three dates. One group date, two one-on-one dates. If you get a rose on any of the dates, you’re safe. However, if you do not receive a rose on a one-on-one date, you will have to go home. Make the best of those. I have your first date card right here for the one-on-one.”
After a minute, Dean decided to get up and get a drink. He was sure he would have his time to steal Lisa away later, and he needed to loosen up a little.
He choked back a sob as he looked down at the handprint on his shoulder. He had resisted the urge to fit his hand into it. To let himself feel a little bit of Cas, to know that he wasn’t totally gone. Because that would all be a lie. Cas was gone.
“We cannot locate Dean Winchester,” Balthazar said for the second time that night. Cas was silent, and he continued, “We aren’t sure why they’re hiding him. It seems clear that they’re only keeping him so you’ll come find him. Some sort of revenge deal. Everyone knows you love your pretty little sidepiece-”
Dean started running, flying past Jack until he was standing right in front of Cas. He crashed into him at full force, wrapping his arms tightly around the angels back and not stopping to think what it could mean. It was Cas, and that’s all that mattered.
Dean shoved a jalepeño popper in his mouth in response, but it was still hot from the oven and he spit it back onto his plate, coughing and reaching for his beer. Lamp guy was just staring at him, his head still tilted, his eyes full of confusion.
After a while, his breathing started to slow, and his thoughts stopped spinning so fast. His mind filled with pleasant memories of Dean. He saw them dancing on the rooftop where no one would see, the stars covered by the smaug of the city but the light in their eyes enough for both of them.
Everyone else sat in silence, looking uncomfortably at the cameras. Eventually, one of the guys whose name had completely slipped Cas’ mind stood up and followed Benny upstairs. After that, everyone dispersed, looking for something to do in this beautiful mansion with no Wi-Fi, no TV, and no connections to their friends.
He hoped for her sake, though, that some of these guys went home. Jake already had, thank God. But Michael and Nick scared him. Cas was just weird. Gordon seemed okay but Dean had a feeling there was something he was hiding.
Sonny breathed in sharply and Sam could almost see him nod. “Yeah, he told me. Wasn’t gonna do that ‘til he rescued the angel, though.”
“Of course,” he managed to squeeze out, hating how high his voice got. “What size?” That sentence had never fucking made Dean blush before, but as he looked up and met the man’s eyes, his face went bright red. Or, more bright red than it had been.
Waves crashed loudly on the shore outside. It was interesting, beautiful even, that each one sounded different. Each hit the shore in its own time before receding back to the wide expanse of the sea. But they always came back.
Cas had been beautiful too. They all made fun of Dean for it, but he didn’t want to dress up all special for their wedding. It wasn’t their style. What they didn’t know is he and Cas had agreed they would get to choose each other’s outfits.
And in it all, Dean saw love. He saw love for Cas, from Cas, surrounding both of them so tightly that they wouldn’t have been able to escape it if they tried. He saw love as his other vein was tapped, the pool of blood in his lap and around him growing.
“He said,” Dean took a deep breath. “He said he loved me.” He started crying again. No tears, just shaking shoulders and desperate gasps for air that wasn’t there. “And I-” he cleared his throat, trying to gain control. “I didn’t say it back.”
She pulled him into a hug and he held her tightly before letting go, keeping his hands lightly in hers.
“Whatever.” As Sam went on, Dean let his eyes drift up to Cas. He was watching Sam with a blank expression save for the mirth dancing in his eyes. His cheeks were slightly pink from the cold, and Dean allowed himself to stare a second longer before turning his attention back to Sam.
Her smile was contagious and soon the whole room was beaming, sneaking glances at each other but mostly keeping their eyes fixed on her. There were a few murmured answers to her question, most people too afraid to say anything.
your son,” Cas said, his tone growing more light-hearted. “Well in that case, my sincerest apologies.”
And then he was gone. Moving on to the other three and leaving Dean to shake himself off before he greeted the group of four guys walking toward him. Andy, Michael, James, Benny… the names flew in one ear and right out. He might never see these people again, anyway. Why get to know them?
Jake was on the opposite corner of the couch, talking to a tall guy that gave Dean chills just looking at him. As he stood in the doorway, Benny called his name and motioned him over.
Jack smiled at all of them then shimmered, his body disappearing into nothingness. But he wasn’t gone. Not really. This was a goodbye that would sting, but it was beautiful too.
“You were wrong,” he said finally. His voice shook slightly, but he didn’t care. What was John going to do now? With Mary there, with them in Heaven… his hands were tied.
With his mic in place, Dean felt another wall immediately go up, reminding him that when they got to the mansion this shit would get turned on and every single word from his mouth would get recorded.
“Do you want to sit in front?” Cas asked. His eyes were downcast and there was a small blush rising in his cheeks and Dean realized that holy shit his entire body was about to be pressed against Cas.
The soft crunch of wheels on gravel sent a shiver down Cas’ spine and he looked up slowly, drawing his knife back from the throat of the man tied up below him. It was an interesting blade--silver and shaped more like a short sword than anything. He’d got it out of a deal years ago, and it had become his trademark.
When they pressed for more information he fought the urge to roll his eyes before saying, “Time with Lisa matters to everyone right now. But a group date isn’t a one-on-one.”
“Coffee first,” Cas said dryly, glancing back at the camera focused on them and pushing past Dean to the coffee pot.
The rest of the dance was even easier than the first half. Cas was starting to think he wasn’t going to make a total fool of himself when Jay turned off the music and spread his hands wide.
Sam looked at him, his brows furrowed in concern, and Dean could tell he wasn’t going to let this one slide. “You could have that, you know.”
“A djinn,” Dean said. Those two words, he could do those. He could tell Cas a little bit more, too. He didn’t have to tell him what he’d dreamed. “I got caught. Got put under the djinn’s poison, and Sam saved me.”
“I just-” he stopped and cleared his throat and Cas almost interjected to get to the point before him. He and Sam were on fairly good terms. He was one of the few people Cas could genuinely call a friend. But Sam blamed him for a lot, too. Blamed him for some of Dean’s bad habits.
Cas’ eyes softened and he stood to face Dean. They breathed deeply together before Cas nodded, once.
The veins in the man’s neck bulged as he gulped, his Adam’s apple bobbing. “They’ll kill you,” he muttered.
“I know, and I don’t care, honestly. I just-” Dean hesitated again and Cas smiled in spite of himself. He was adorable. “I worry about you.”
But something in the back caught Cas’ eye and he peered closer, letting his eyes adjust to the lights and the smoke.
“Bring him back.” His voice was low but it wasn’t threatening. It came out more broken than anything. Because he was so broken. And maybe it was okay to let them see it. “Bring Cas back, Jack. We,” he glanced at Sam and took a deep breath. “I need him.”
The kitchen had been empty when he walked in, which was somewhat surprising. But as he loaded a plate with different crackers and things, someone walked in. He glanced up and fought an eye roll, determined to get out of the kitchen as soon as possible.
Dean snorted, leave it to Cas to totally avoid the question. But he let his eyes fall shut and hooked his leg further through Cas’. It didn’t feel weird… it just felt natural. “Don’t know yet. I think I’ll keep hunting. But,” he took a deep breath and tensed up a little, “But I’d need someone to hunt with.”
Sam nodded, not really surprised, but not really sure what he was meant to do with that either. “He was a good brother. Father, mother, too. He raised me.”
Sam and Jack were somewhere ahead of them, already sliding to a stop at the bottom of the hill. He felt like it had been minutes, sitting here with Cas wrapped around him. In reality, it couldn’t have been more than twenty seconds.
Cas walked forward, closing the rest of the gap between them and taking Dean’s hands in his own. “Yes. I’m not human, but I barely have any grace left.” He pressed a kiss against Dean’s forehead and he felt his eyes close, leaning into the touch. “We’re happy, Dean.”
“Anyway,” she said dramatically, her voice lowering as she turned toward the doors, “let’s find out what you got yourselves into.”
It was a photo of Dean and him in cowboy hats. It was stupid, ridiculous, childish. Anyone who knew them casually would say it was out of character for both of them.
No. He couldn’t let himself think that far ahead. That was hope. And hope leads to devastation every goddamn time.
He lifted himself up slightly and let his lips brush against Cas’. Cas tensed above him, but almost immediately he relaxed into Dean, pressing them closer together and letting their lips move in sync.
Cas leaned down and rolled up his sweatpants before stepping in, the waves licking eagerly at his toes. Dean didn’t want to join him. He looked perfect, backlit by the rising sun, his hair blowing in the wind as a serene expression settled over his mouth. But when Cas gave him an exasperated wave, he crossed the final stretch of beach.
Dean was staring at the floor, color high in his cheeks, one hand raking through his hair as he shifted side-to-side. Cas glanced slowly from him up to the stage and a smirk slipped onto his face. Then Dean glanced up across the room, and for a split second, their eyes met.
Dean ignored the fear seeping through him and shrugged, hoping he looked more casual than he felt. Then he turned to Cas and took his hand before he could change his mind. The gloves he had lent Cas were rough against his hand, but underneath the weight and pressure was grounding, safe.
He took all that in slowly, taking a second to process. He had greeted Lisa. He was here. This was it. And his worthless ass had a chance of making it past the first night.
“Come on, Castiel,” she said, looking around. “You’re doing me a big favor, at least tell me you like it.”
Cas hesitated. His first instinct was to lie. And he got Dean back tonight, then lying was the best path. There wouldn’t be any harm.
Then, there was an audible gasp through the car as they came to a stop and saw Lisa waiting there for them.
Cas’ blank face slowly melted into a smile and he stared into Dean’s eyes, almost as though he was searching his soul. “Hello, Dean.”
“Of course. I’m going to make you something first, though, okay? Do you want to come with me or do you want to meet me out there?”
He rolled up his sleeves and looked down at his bare arms. Then he squinted up at the light above his head. Somehow, it didn’t seem right to have the lights on. Not for this.
Mom would cry. She’d be tough about it, sure. Probably dredge up some wisdom that would have him pausing for a second, but she would cry in the end. Tears would slide down her face as she looked into Dean’s eyes, pleading even when she knew the pleas fell on deaf ears.
He grunted as he pulled the two sleds out from the trunk and handed them to Cas. When Cas’ hands wrapped around them, Dean frowned at his bare fingers.
But this wasn’t a lie. Sam, Cas, Jack, no one had ever asked him, not outright anyway, about how he felt about Cas. None of them had ever asked him if he was just into chicks. So it wasn’t lying. But it still wasn’t making anything better. And if there was a chance that Cas-
“Gentleman,” he started, and Cas wondered briefly if that was on the card or was Garth’s personal flair, “Let’s
The main room was full of chatter, producers pulling people off to the side while the guys tentatively got to know each other. Dean thought he saw Lisa outside but before he could make it to the door, there was a touch on his arm and he turned to find Naomi.
With a heavy sigh he collapsed on the bed and stared at the ceiling. It was as boring as the rest of the hotel, but at least it gave him somewhere to focus his eyes.
“Can I steal you for a second?” The voice grated against Dean’s ears and he visibly winced, but Lisa seemed to be taken in and she nodded, leading the way through the back doors out onto the patio next to the pool.
This was floating face down in a pool, weightless because everything was crushing inward. This was drowning, lungs filling up with pain that left no room for anything else. This was falling off a building willingly, death just inches below him, but not quite being able to reach it because he didn’t have the energy to die. This was a fate far worse than death.
Dean wished he could save the frozen expression of shocked joy on Cas’ face for forever. As it was though, he barely looked at it for two seconds. That was how long it took him to close the gap between them, brushing their lips lightly together.
They all got ready upstairs, crowding into each other’s space, barely enough room for the cameras to invade their privacy. He hadn’t seen guys like this care this much about their appearance since he was in college. And even then… well, it wasn’t
“I meant it.” They walked toward the house in comfortable silence. Part of him dreaded the reaction of the other guys when he walked back with a rose pinned to his chest, and part of him relished in it.
He scrolled past it, not even reading the last sent message, and landed on Jody. The messages were several weeks old--the only people Dean had actually talked to recently were him and Cas. Another sharp pain went through his body and he slammed his hand on the ground, trying to control himself.
With a grunt, he staggered to his feet and flicked the light switch off. His room now plunged into blackness, he slumped back on the ground, leaning against his bed.
“She’s at her parents for the week. What the hell is going on, Cas?” Sam’s voice was less controlled now, it was starting to rise. Which was exactly what Cas needed. “What happened to Dean?” Sam added forcefully when Cas didn’t answer.
No one spoke after that. They just sat there, reeling in shock. Cas was gone. Cas was what held this family together, what gave them a chance, and he was stuck somewhere completely alone, eternal emptiness finally laying its hold on him.
He and Dean had taken the afternoon off. After lunch, they’d wandered around town. When they saw the Western shop, Dean had insisted they stopped. He had always loved cowboys, almost to an unhealthy amount. But Cas, as always, was happy to indulge.
Then Lisa walked forward with the clipboard in her hand. “Ready to find out how you’re stripping tonight?” she said playfully, winking at Michael who was standing in the front of the group.
He was ready to bleed for both of them. To suffer for both of them. Whether it was a desire to pay for his sins or simply a seemingly unending loyalty, he was always there.
For a moment, he was weightless, then he was slamming into the hard ground flat on his back, the sled bouncing somewhere to the side and Cas… well, Cas landed right on top of him.
“Let’s get this over with,” he said gruffly. But when he glanced back at Jack, saw his eyes lit up as they took in the snow-covered slope, he couldn’t stop from breaking into a grin.
Cas smiled again, and this time it was less filled with pain. It was closer to that expression of true happiness, of true peace that had been on his face right before-
That got a bigger reaction, a murmur of conversation running through the room while a few guys got to say their piece.
“No, asshole. Would you,” the words choked in his throat, but he coughed them up all the same, “Would you hunt with me?”
Another guy went and soon it was just Jake and then Dean. Michael and the last guy were behind him, and he wondered not for the first time if they were the last limo, and therefore the last ones to make an impression on her.
“Okay, Dean,” he repeated. But this time, this time it sounded like he meant it. Like Dean wouldn’t have to hold him, desperately crying his name as the angel lay motionless. Like Dean would still have a reason to get up. Because Cas was
He smiled and held his hands wide in a shrug. “I mean- I feel good. I’m glad I got the first impression rose so I don’t need to worry about this rose ceremony. I do think it’s kind of shitty that I had to get the rose in the way I did… but Lisa’s an amazing girl and I’m excited to see where this could go.”
“Yeah,” Jay continued, “Just simple stuff, makes you look better on stage. Now, c’mon. Let’s finish up here.”
Dean laughed and rolled his eyes jokingly. “My family will not believe this,” he gestured to the rose pinned to his chest. “I mean just- complete shock.”
“I can’t tell you that,” Cas responded quickly. He could almost see Sam lean in, could see his eyebrows draw closer as his eyes narrowed.
Jack smiled, and it wasn’t godly or otherworldly; it was just like he used to smile. Childish with a certain wisdom behind it. “Of course, Dean. I miss him too. He’s my dad. And Sam’s brother.”
He went home eventually. He didn’t remember driving back or calling a car, but somehow he was there, walking into the lobby and taking the elevator to the top floor. When he walked stiffly into his living room, he was ready to collapse. To let himself crumple to the floor and spend the night there, uncomfortable enough that maybe he could take some of Dean’s pain away, whatever they were doing to-
“Not more than coffee?” he said, every word exaggerated but still soft, his eyes still crinkling at the corners.
Dean wanted to shout to Sam that it didn’t matter if Cas had known. Because Dean hadn’t told him. Because Cas had seemed like he didn’t know. Because Cas had said that happiness was just in being. Was just in saying it.
It wasn’t like last time. Well, the confusion was. The shock of being in a new world, surrounded by people that knew him but he’d never laid eyes on; or even worse, being surrounded by people he knew, people he loved, that were all an illusion, a fever dream.
After what felt like an eternity, Cas breathed a single word, causing the spillway to break in Dean’s heart and relief to flood his body.
He didn’t know if when he got in the car, he could tell Sam the truth. Tell him that Jack had to die for this plan. And that was the worst part… even if he told Sam, he would just have to pile on more lies. Because this plan with Cas, the
As he gently placed the picture back in its spot, he heard a distant buzzing. Casting a glance around the room, he saw his phone lying on the floor. Holding back a yawn, he walked over and picked it up.
“You don’t get to do that,” he shouted. “You don’t get to leave us. Because, yeah, Cas, you fucked up. And believe me, I get it, I do. But we still-
The words sounded empty as they were carried away on the wind. Cas wouldn’t come back. Not this time. Dean had stood there like a fucking idiot as Cas poured his fucking heart onto the ground at his feet. He’d just stood there, unable to understand what was going on, unable to even respond until it was too late.
“I’m not worthless.” There was a lump in his throat now, but it was more from anger than anything else.
When the producers pulled him aside for an interview and asked him what getting on this groupdate would mean, he shrugged and said, “I don’t know.”
So he hadn’t. He’d begged Cas not to do this. Not to be taken away. But Cas hadn’t listened. It had been too late anyway. His joy was sealed, and so was his fate. He didn’t need to hear it back to be happy.
“Of course,” he said quietly, before turning and heading up the stairs. “Of course,” he muttered again once she was out of earshot.
“Dean’s-” he started. But he couldn’t get the words out. He hadn’t said them to anyone yet. He would call Jody, Donna, Claire, Bobby, everyone who cared about Dean which wasn’t even a list; it was a goddamn novel- he would call them tomorrow. So he still hadn’t spoken the words. Hadn’t made it real.
He took a deep breath and pulled the knife from his coat. But he couldn’t use it. Taking out another of Crowley’s kin wasn’t the smartest movie.
“I don’t wanna leave, Sammy,” he said quietly, immediately berating himself for the weakness. He sounded like a fucking child.
And Cas… well, Cas was the kind of man you didn’t want to cross. The kind of man who was always one step ahead, who always had a strategy, an endgame. He was not the childish man with a soft smile in that picture.
The waves beat against the shore steadily and a breeze blew along with them, rustling Dean’s hair against Cas’ chin. They didn’t say anything that night. Just watched as the sunset faded into stars hanging over a sea of black.
“Well,” Jack said suddenly, and they all turned their attention to him. “I don’t want this to be like that.”
Cas took deep breaths as the quiet sound of Dean’s clothes rustling filled the room. Then the bed shifted slightly as Dean settled in below him. With a sigh, he rolled over and pulled the blankets up closer around his neck. It was going to be a long couple of weeks.
He kept turning to Cas and winking, giving him little pats on the back, hyping him up. And Cas didn’t want to admit it, but it did help… just a little bit.
He took the paper and looked down at the neatly pencilled address. When he looked up, all he caught was a glimpse of her bright red hair swishing behind her as she left the room.
He sighed heavily and let himself slump back against the bunker. “Not this time.” Then softer, to make himself believe it, “Not this time.”
Silently, he prayed. It didn’t matter that his husband would never hear him, it was a comfort all the same.
In the car, they talked about the Super Bowl they would miss while locked away from reality, their friends and family they were leaving behind, their jobs, anything but the girl they were all about to fight for.
Dean was collected, mature, always ready to handle high-ended discussions. He was good at working with his hands, but for the most part he was soft-spoken with strangers. Not that he was shy, he was incredibly at making connections and using those. But for all intents and purposes, he wasn’t the kind of guy to dress up in cowboy attire with his boyfriend (that would become his husband).
Cas seemed to sense there was more to say and he kept silent, his thumb rubbing absentmindedly over Dean’s hand.
Without Cas, they couldn’t win. Cas was what Chuck wasn’t expecting. He’d fought for Dean over and over. He’d shown his love over and over. And Dean had been too stubborn to see it, too stubborn to accept it.
Dean looked at his brother, then looked at the love of his life, then looked down the open road. He took a deep breath in, trying to think of the words. Trying to think of what he could even say in a moment like this.
John nodded, a smile breaking out over his youthful face. “Dean,” he managed, before going in for a hug.
He woke up late, looking around blurrily as the sun filtered in through the small window in the corner. He could see Nick, Benny, and Harry all fast asleep in the beds across from him, but when he pulled himself down the ladder (why had he chosen a top bunk again?) Dean’s bed was neatly made and empty.
“Stop,” she gasped, her whole body straining against him. But he couldn’t, or he wouldn’t. His mind was just a red haze complete with high-pitched buzzing. He tightened his grip around her neck, the pain in his arms and on his face a dull throb in the background. The light in her eyes died slowly, and eventually she stopped thrashing.
He didn’t even bother to touch his face. It was puffy and throbbing and it wasn’t going to get better. But he had to get out of here anyway. He turned and examined the rest of the room behind the chair where he’d been sitting. It was a warehouse, but it was cleaned up, almost clinical. There was a large double door that was propped open that led into a hallway nearly as brightly lit as the room he was standing in. Everything looked too perfect, too spotless, and the light just made every surface shine.
“You know what you’ve never tried?” he asked, his tone lighter than before but still gentle, each word carefully weighed.
Dean pushed through the glass doors of the lobby, his hands sweaty and shaky. When he got outside, he waved to Sam and gestured to the phone. Then he walked around behind the building and leaned heavily against the cool brick.
But as he was led to his room, he looked around in disappointment at the fading carpets and small hallways.
“Fine. We’ll go on vacation, leave this hunt behind,” he paused, but he left something unspoken in the air.
He could hear it. The full meaning behind the question. He didn’t answer, just took a few steps toward Cas, some invisible string tugging him.
Bobby raised an eyebrow and took another sip of beer. “Don’t know. Could be anywhere in Heaven. He and Jack don’t really stay in one place.”
“The rest of the gentleman in your limo will be downstairs in a few. I think one of them is already there. I’m sure you remember from the rules… you can talk about the show for now but in future travel, conversation needs to be limited to non-Bachelor-nation topics.”
Then the bell rang and he looked up to see the most gorgeous man he’d ever seen in his fucking life walk in. Not that he was-
“I think so,” she said softly. “What do they say about getting older? You tell the truth more because you know that lies… they don’t make anything better.”
“No!” Dean launched himself across the bed, desperately grabbing for Cas. “I love you,” he screamed as his hands landed on nothing. Just empty air. Empty air and no angel.
This time Sam reached across and pulled him into a tight hug, Dean shaking as he cried silently into his shoulder.
When she finally returned, he breathed a sigh of relief to see no one with her. Then he looked in her hands and couldn’t stop a shocked smile.
Their smiles widened and he just looked down, determined to get through this goddamn morning without any more embarrassment.
The rest of the night went by in a blur. Jake left minutes after the incident, and everyone wanted to know where he went.
The man sucked in a deep breath, but before he could let it out Cas slammed the blade through his throat. A small noise escaped the man, and then he was silent. Cas pulled out the knife and wiped it thoughtfully with the handkerchief in his pocket before stepping back. Then he turned and walked from the warehouse.
The confusion on Cas’ face grew, his eyes squinting and his head tilting even further and suddenly Dean didn’t want to laugh anymore.
Then there was a shimmering behind Jack and Dean froze. His breath caught in his throat and all the thoughts that had been swirling in his head for days clamored for their turn to get out.
Glancing around outside he couldn’t see her, but he walked out anyway. It was a really beautiful house, even though he’d heard the pool wasn’t heated. Who the fuck cared when you grew up on cheap outdoor motel pools anyway?
The ruckus didn’t stop until the door was opened to the limo and lamp guy stepped out. One of the other guys--Benny, maybe?--helped him maneuver the lamp out of the car and then the door fell shut behind him.
Dean let out a contented sigh, and Cas could almost feel his warm breath against his ear. He moved the phone to hang up, but he heard Dean grunt on the other end, like he was going to say something and then he stopped.
It was poetic in the cruelest of ways. And if it weren’t for everything, he would have thought this was Chuck’s writing. But, no. Castiel was the only part of Chuck’s story that he couldn’t control. Because Cas had fallen.
Next to the door, another guy about his age stood next to a lamp, foot tapping nervously against the floor. Dean couldn’t help but notice he was dressed nice. A dark blue suit that fit tightly against him. But, God, he looked nervous. Or… really more annoyed than nervous. If that was the competition, Dean had this in the bag.
Crowley pulled out a handkerchief and wiped the back of his hands before tucking it neatly back into his pocket. “We don’t need anything from you, Dean. Not really. I mean, eventually, we’ll kill you.” He chuckled softly and stepped forward, grabbing Dean’s bruised jaw and turning him so their eyes met. “But I need to get Castiel here first. I want to have him watch the life drain from your eyes, watch you beg for mercy.”
“You’re Dean, right?” he asked. Dean’s own name sounded different in that low gravelly tone, and it caught him off guard. But he recovered quickly enough and nodded.
It was a quiet, clear night, and the air was chilly around them as they stepped out. Dean leaned over the railing, his arm still tightly around Cas, and looked up at the bright stars. Imagined himself soaring through them, Cas by his side, no problems and no worries.
“I,” he took a shaky breath, “I need you to know. I didn’t- God, Cas you can’t just say shit like that. People don’t say shit like that to me. I don’t deserve-”
“Gentlemen,” Chris started, “Welcome to your first rose ceremony. Hopefully you all know how it works. When Lisa calls your name step forward to accept the rose. Dean,” everyone’s eyes turned to him but he kept his eyes on Chris, “you got the first impression rose. Nothing to worry about tonight. Everyone else… if you do not receive a rose, you will be going home immediately.”
Reluctantly, he untangled himself from Cas’ arms, and looked into his eyes. He kept his hands on Cas’ shoulders, though, the touch grounding him.
Then she turned toward a stage near the front and they all followed suit as the music stopped and the lights dimmed.
Cas pulled him closer, bringing their bodies flush, and Dean leaned into him. He felt so real. It was Cas’ hands on him, Cas’ quiet moans against his ear as he nuzzled into his neck, Cas’ steady warmth and weight.
He barely had time to punch her lightly on the shoulder before he had to help the next customer, taking down their order and writing their name neatly on the cup before setting it behind him.
The younger Winchester sighed on the other end and Cas could almost see him rising from his chair, pacing nervously around the room.
“Of course,” he said again. “Are you ready now? We can stay here for a minute if you need to.” He kept his voice low and soothing, looking into Cas’ eyes for any sign of fear or rejection, any sign that he wasn’t really here.
He was in fucking Heaven, and he was still as miserable as he’d been on Earth. Bobby was here. Ellen and Jo were here. Charlie was here. Even his parents were here for some goddamn reason.
Dean cleared his throat and turned around on the bed, settling his leg in between Cas’ before resting his head on his chest. “What if this isn’t real?” Cas didn’t move beneath him, didn’t answer, so he went on. “I mean, what if we didn’t beat Chuck? What if he’s still out there… he’s still controlling us… none of these decisions are ours?”
After a tense silence, Cas finally raised his gaze. His eyes were still red, but there were no tears there. “Like you’ve never felt the same, Dean.” His voice was quiet. Almost a whisper.
Which, yeah, should have been enough for him. He finally got his wish. Toes in the sand with his family around him.
The coughs lasted a few more moments and he let her use him as a support, stopping her from falling to the ground.
“Mr. Delfino wants you to be more bloodied up when your boyfriend gets here,” she said, pulling a knife from inside her jacket, her face still completely blank.
“I just want to say thank you again. This isn’t easy for me. At all. But you guys being here… it means a lot.” She smiled at them (everyone smiled too fucking much on this show) and reached down for the first rose.
“Thank you guys all for being here,” she started with a smile. “It’s been so great to meet you all, and I really do feel like there’s something here. I want to find love. I want to find someone who can be a dad to Ben. And as crazy as it sounds…” she trailed off and looked around at all of them, “I think that in this group of guys, I could find that.”
To his left, a body dropped, and he felt a cold hand wrap around his heart. But as his eyes readjusted to the dim light he saw Dean standing over the body, his chest rising and falling rapidly as a trail of blood dripped from his knife.
But if he didn’t… if he failed. Well, for one, if he failed then he wouldn’t be alive to deal with the consequences. But if for some crazy reason he was, then he didn’t want Sam Winchester on his ass. The kid was ex-military and was now studying law. He could handle weapons and he wasn’t afraid to get dirty, but he could take you out with words just as easily.
Happiness would have been waking up next to each other. Happiness would have been going on walks hand in hand, soft smiles exchanged between breathless kisses. Happiness would have been getting into stupid arguments and laughing when they were finally resolved. Happiness would have been being with each other, completely, entirely. Giving themselves over wholly, not to God and his angels, but to the other. Happiness would have been 3 AM movie parties and midafternoon cuddle sessions. Wiping away each other's tears and kissing away the pain.
