“Well, in our current state? I don’t think we could avenge much more than a teensy mouse-massacre. Not exactly the most qualified group of enhanced individuals fighting on both U.S. and sovereign soil to protect humanity. Hence,
Ochen' stranno = very strange
“I’ll try, Steve, but sometimes I don’t get the chance; remember the bomb, from the other week?” Tony said, trying not to sound pleading and likely falling short of the mark. Steve nodded, second sandwich almost gone, though he stopped eating to give Tony all of his attention. “I had no idea it was there until I stumbled on it, and it had less than thirty seconds left before it was going to blow. I’m a genius, but even then I diffused it with barely a second to spare. If I’d tried to explain and focus at the same time, I’m not sure New York would have walked away intact. I can’t always multi-task under so much pressure.” Tony brushed his hands off on his pants and flipped the soldering mask down so Steve couldn’t see his face.
The next day Tony woke up just as exhausted as he’d gone to bed the night before, and he reluctantly pulled himself out from under his human bed to steal some food from the kitchen.
As soon as Tony walked in, he was met by four sets of glares. Bruce wasn’t there, but Tony figured he would have glared too, if he had been. They were all still angry.
“Here, doggie doggie.” A voice whispered, and Tony felt his hackles rise immediately. That was
“What’s with the yelling, Cap? It’s barely six in the morning.” A groggy voice piped up from the doorway, and they both turned to see Bruce standing there, rubbing his eyes.
“You’re all on house arrest, officially. It’s going in the files and I’ll have agents posted around the tower to keep me updated. If this
“It was from a day or two ago; he jumped off of something and landed wrong. It wasn’t too bad.” Bruce said, arms crossed as he watched Hannah unwrap the ace bandages. As soon as she picked up his foot pain blossomed all the way to the knee and Tony yelped, jerking it out of her hands.
A few of the commands Tony had entered before they climbed in were for the flight, planning a route straight to Queens, using autopilot. The entire ride was incredibly uncomfortable- the turbulence and shifting positions made them all push against one another and argue, Thor growling as Tony’s foot smacked into his face, and Steve yelping when Bruce stepped on his tail.
They eventually made it back to the living room, depositing Loki in the middle of the floor. Just as they let go of the cloth, Coulson burst out of the elevator, taking a few strides towards the roof access door before he spotted the odd group of cats in the middle of the living room. He took a half step back, as confused as ever as Natasha and Clint trotted over to rub against his legs. He frowned.
This chapter is a bit shorter, but after seeing all the positive feedback, I decided to post what I had written, and hopefully have a bigger chapter next week. Thank you all of the comments and kudos!!
“We need to wait for Natasha to get out of surgery, and it makes us feel better if we’re keeping an eye on you. So two birds and a stone and all that.” He said, quieting as he focused on what he was doing on his phone. Tony would have bet money he was playing that stupid Stack game again.
Tony wasn’t sure when he’d fallen asleep, but he woke up on his own, the couch cold where Pepper had been sitting. He didn’t blame her for leaving; she had so much to do now that Tony was out for the count. He felt better after her visit and felt his mood slightly lifted.
“I’m peachy, really. All good.” Tony assured him, enjoying the last few scratches before Bruce got up and cracked his back.
.” Tony insisted. He hoped he wasn’t making things worse when Clint curled up tighter and started to cry again, but after another few minutes he calmed down again and began absent-mindedly playing with one of Tony’s ears.
Unfortunately, the universe did not have proper rest in store for him. As soon as Tony reached the main level, he was startled by chunks of brick flying through one of the large windows lining the hall.
, Steve opened it and glared down at him.
“Uh, hel- hi. He’s yours? The Avengers have a dog? Is this top secret?” Spider-Man peered around Thor’s back, and Natasha chuckled.
“Well we don’t have an exact estimate of when he went in, but there was probably a high concentration of smoke for about twenty minutes before the building collapsed. After that he breathed in all the particles from the plaster and insulation for around two hours.” Steve said, shifting his stance and crossing his arms. Hannah didn’t look happy but she continued on and motioned for Steve to tell the rest of the story as she replaced the mask and continued her exam.
Tony climbed up to stand on the edge of the platform and stared. The tesseract had gone back with Thor to Asgard- what the hell was it doing back on earth?
“He’s got some fluid build-up in his lungs, but I gave him some diuretics, which should force it out.” Harley said to Clint, who stood up straight and nodded.
Let me know what you think! Kudos and comments are really appreciated <3 <3
Boy, were they wrong.
Tony sat up to see Clint drifting around the kitchen, face blank but focus intense on his task of scooping what looked like cookie dough out onto metal cookie sheets. Tony frowned; Clint must have been absolutely silent up until the pans, because he’d made the entire bowl of dough without waking Tony at all.
“Jesus, if you’re mad about the- yea, I uh, I mean- I was trying to get back to my house, ‘cause, you know- and I didn’t get that far. And, uh, I was held up, by all the fighting, and what not. It’s not as bad as it looks.” Peter added, setting him back down on the workbench and shrugging.
“None of us speak dog, Stark.” Clint grumbled, handing Bruce a roll of tape to hold the gauze in place with one hand while he scratched under Tony’s chin with the other. He closed up the first aid kit once Bruce was finished.
They had to go around the fighting and they could hear the screaming, the screeching metal and the rumbling through the ground as the Avengers fought. They had no idea where the robots had come from, though they did seem like mediocre skeleton versions of the Iron Man armor. It was possible Tony was just over-reacting; but maybe he needed to force his way into his lab to fix JARVIS, since he was the only program with access to the specs. These were likely pilfered right from his servers.
Tony pushed Natasha into the corner and she shouted in surprised pain, landing on her back as chunks of brick rained around them and huge plaster sheets from the ceiling made them a small cocoon, Tony barely managing to support it with his back as he stood over Natasha. It was several minutes of uncertainty before the building stopped falling and they were left in an eerie, pitch-black silence. Natasha let her head thump down against the concrete floor and before Tony could blink she was out again. His legs were straining with the weight on his back but it wasn’t as much as the beam had been; he supposed it was mostly venting and insulation. Though there could be tons of weight above and any shift could bring it down and crush them.
“I’ve had to have those before. They suck ass.” He said, looking back to his game. Bruce was looking a titch green and Tony wondered if he’d ever had to have one before. Harley put some ice on his sprained ankle and made sure it wouldn’t slip off before he backed up and put his hands on his hips.
Hehe, puns
“Barton? Why are-” Tony didn’t get much further because Clint dropped the cookie pan he was holding with a deafening clang, and his body dropped out of sight behind the island. Tony sat in silence for a few beats before he stood up and debated on his next move.
Tony forced his aching body to begin climbing the stairs. Now that he was a little more confident that New York was safe, his pains were returning. If the fighting failed to bring down the mansion, maybe he could catch a cat nap.
It was always hard to admit that he couldn’t do something; the most frustrating things to Tony were the things he could have done better, the times he could have gone faster, and the schemes he didn’t figure out until it was too late. Tony’s biggest regret was not being able to do more.
He grumbled to himself, paw pads rubbed raw from sprinting across pavement. He was dodging gunfire at every step, robot shrapnel raining down, craters opening up in the streets. Pure chaos.
Tony, for once in his life, had no answers. For now, he decided to get up and rub some of the blood onto the corner of the coffee table, and pretend that he’d run into it at some point in the night. Tony would be granted some time to consider his predicament if the suspicion was taken care of.
-” Steve hit the bag,
The next day they had to be briefed about the mission, and Tony complained the whole way up to the helicarrier. Clint and Natasha were fairly annoyed by the time they sat down in the meeting room.
“That’s the dog!” Steve called, pointing at Tony and taking a step forward. The catchers were faster; they both darted forwards with their noose poles and Tony’s heart leapt into his throat as he took off at a sprint, eyes darting around the yard for an escape route. He looked to the left and saw that one of the catchers had rounded the house and was trying to cut him off.
“Not really.”
“I’m sorry, Steve.” Surprise crossed Steve’s face – he couldn’t remember the last time Tony had used his first name. “I can’t imagine how rough that must have been.”
“Where are we going? What’s…what’s going on?”
“Peachy.” There were definitely going to be tears.
“We were in a relationship,” he mumbled, slowing his words as if begging them not to leave his mouth. Tony leant forward, inclining his head to hear better. “Or as close to a relationship as you could get in those days.”
The brunette chuckled, toying with his hair in the mirror before catching sight of Steve’s shell-shocked face. “Wait...you were out, yeah? Back in the 40s?”
The doctors now seemed twice as concerned about Steve’s condition than before, if that were possible. “He’s spasming—” And he really was. “Defibrillate on three.” Natasha averted her eyes. It felt…undignified to watch such a revered man in his current state. The defibrillator delivered a shock almost too powerful for the body to take. Machines screamed. A phone rang.
,” Steve blurted, causing Tony to choke on his peanut. “I’m gay. I think.” Steve’s face bloomed red as he filled with terror, breathing speeding up. Tony continued to cough, grabbing his whiskey to clear his throat. “I shouldn’t have said that. Shit.” He began to rub his forehead, shifting anxiously in his seat. “I didn’t mean—It’s just—I met these journalists in the bathroom tonight, and they made it out like everyone thought...and now I don’t know what to do because they
Steve choked on his drink. “What?”
“How do you propose I do that, forcibly remove him from Steve’s bedside?”
“Got it,” Sam retorted, “Put myself between the infirm patient and his volatile boyfriend. I’ll be next into ICU, just you wait.” He grabbed his backpack, doing a quick check of its contents, before rubbing his brow heavily. “Ugh, I’ve got a bad feeling about all this.”
“Need a band-aid?”
“Get him on the med bay – we’re going to need a pulse oximeter, ECG, blood pressure – someone get a cannula set up—”
want anyone to have to feel that same terror.”
“Nat, I—” Tony’s voice broke thickly, “I can’t lose him.”
“…Tony.”
Inside was much more alive. For its shabby exterior, all the patrons were exceedingly well dressed. A pianist found a discordant melody, almost covering the hushed tones of the scattered clientele. Tony, who had shaken the hand of the owner upon arriving, took a familiar seat at a dim corner table. Steve – looking much more quizzical – followed suit.
“What about you, Captain – I bet the ladies love the whole ‘1940s gent’ thing you’ve got going on!”
This, however, was of little comfort to Steve, whose usual stick-straight posture collapsed into his chair. Despite feeling as if he should take back every word, and laugh it off as some twisted joke – it was impossible. Because there was a huge sense of relief in sharing such a desperately concealed part of him. A part of him that he’d only ever shared with Bucky.
“Roger that.” Ugh. Natasha hated tears.
“None of what you did was your fault.” Tony whispered after it was quiet for too long. Clint didn’t react besides a shuddering hiccup, and Tony rubbed the side of his face against Clint’s shoulder.
“What the fuck!” He spat, kicking his back legs uselessly. He may have been grateful for the save, but he really didn’t appreciate being cradled like a baby. He flattened his ears, growling in warning at the face looming over him. The kid got the message, and leaned back, letting Tony wriggle himself upright on the arms bracing him.
Tony finished his coffee and was on the last few emails when someone slid into the booth across from him.
The ticking noise was louder now, maybe a few rooms down the hall. Just as he darted back into the corridor, the ground shook hard enough to cause dust to fall from the ACT ceiling above his head.
“I’m alright, I’m fine. Thanks, Thor.” The whole team was gathered in a circle around Tony at this point. Thor nodded solemnly at him, resting mjolnir on his shoulder as he surveyed the damage to the streets behind them. Clint moved his quiver to his hip and slung his bow over his back so he could get out his SHIELD-issued phone and call Coulson, while Natasha investigated a dead grasshopper and Steve stood rigidly in parade rest. He was almost vibrating from what seemed to be anger, if his Disapproving Frown was anything to go by.
, though Tony wasn't sure why.
“We can’t deploy him as Iron Man, and he actually has the skills to excel in a stealth situation. We just never gave him the chance. Although, Iron Man isn’t a good code-name, given the circumstances of both him being a dog instead of a man, and the general ostentatious nature of Iron Man. What do you think?” Fury turned to the little assembled group. The other agents seemed a bit too intimidated to voice their opinions, but Clint was rubbing his chin and Natasha had a little smirk on her face. They still seemed reluctant, but Fury was giving the orders, so they were willing to trust his judgement and accept the call.
Tony hummed in hesitant agreement, pawing at his damp eyes. “Thank you,” he mumbled.
“Don’t. I am warning you.” Natasha held her breath. Tact was one of many tools to her belt, but this was tricky, even for her. A shout of “start chest compressions” emanated across the jet.
“Okay, just so you know
. But those hearing aids you worked on for Clint last year – I bet Steve could use those if he’s part deaf. Or, um…ooh! I bet the tech behind my leg braces could
Natasha squatted down next to the anguished form, ‘comfortingly’ draping an arm across Tony’s twitching shoulders. She allowed her fingers to rest on his throat, discovering a dangerously high pulse. Verging on panic attack high. Action was required.
Sam shook his head, eyes turning cold. “I’m going to ring Bucky, see what he can give us.” His tone was low and dangerous. “You can be the one to tell Tony.”
Tony tried to smile, still-red eyes betraying what led beneath. “Okay. Okay.”
individual assignments – especially ones as important as this! Did you not think finding Steve shrivelled up in a cell might compromise me more than just telling me in the first place?” He stopped a foot away from the pair, and Nat followed him off the aircraft. “Man, that was a
“You won’t have to – he’s strong; so much stronger than any serum could make him.” Tony started to regain control. “He will pull through because he’s got
The two re-entered the building and lurched towards ICU, Rhodey silently cursing the lack of vending machines en route. Natasha would not be happy without her peanut M&M’s. They turned a sterile corner, greeting the awaiting group with polite nods.
“It’s Natasha. Apparently, the doctors have an update.”
The voice on the other end cleared its throat, inhaling deeply (but shakily) in hopes of a calming effect. “ICU.”
“So we can see him—”
“I wouldn’t recommend sending him out on the field for a little while. He won’t trust you.”
There was a stretch of silence as Tony stared at Steve, face wrinkling in deep thought. Steve shifted, sipping his water and avoiding eye contact. After a minute or so, Tony inhaled sharply. “Let’s go.”
knowing
Tony nodded; gaze affixed on the door as Hobbs swung it open. Tentatively, he stepped one foot over the threshold, then two, and repeated until he was a mere two feet away from the tangle of wires and solutes framed by a hospital cot. Tony felt his chin quiver, but set his jaw and forced a peek at the central figure.
about how it was, how it is, who you are, what’s gone on – I just—” Steve stopped himself, regaining a scrap of military-bred composure. “The papers are right. I don’t fit here. I’m a man out of time.”
“Stark, we can’t just—” But Tony was already deep within the gala crowds, leaving no choice but to follow. He ploughed through the masses with an expertise mastered by few, nodding and waving when appropriate, until he caught Happy at the exit.
“And I’ll grab you some peanut M&M’s,” Rhodey returned, shifting his attention to the friend all-but-staggering along next to him. He placed a supportive hand on the small of Tony’s back, eyebrows furrowing at the vacant stare plaguing the other man’s face. The pair shifted left, approaching the sleek double doors to greet the darkened outside world. As they exited the automatic light stuttered on, making visible their breaths on the gloomy balcony.
“Right—”
This elicited a half-smile from Natasha. “Sure. Before you go, could you…” It was unusual to see the assassin hesitate in such a way, “Could you make sure Tony doesn’t seem him like this? He’ll be a mess.”
“Tony,” Nat retracted her arm, “I’m going to call Rhodes, get him up here. I think you could use the support.” She stood back up, eyeing Tony (who was gnawing at a hangnail and breathing hard) as she stepped away. She pulled out her phone.
There was another pause, the gap between the two men thick and cold. Tony pulled at his sleeve.
“Those men in the restroom. They…they pretty much figured it out. What do I do?” Steve even surprised himself – it took this state of sheer panic before he could even
The skeletal body hauled up onto the gurney looked alien in form, translucent skin scarcely veiling bone.
“Oh, don’t give me that bullshit—”
“High temp – I think it’s fever, sir—”
. He had to get away. Somehow, Steve found his way to the door, ripping it open and almost running out – immediately engulfed by the turbulent crowd. Get outside. Find the exit. Pulling, shoving, and tripping through the hordes of partygoers, he eventually managed to find some balcony overlooking some garden to take a long, rattling breath.
. Every time I’m out in the field I remember that feeling, because I know that I
got the wrong end of the stick – well, they brought up Bucky which isn’t really fair, but—I’m sorry, I should have kept my mouth shut. I’m sorry. Shit.” He slumped forwards, head in hands.
The doctor inclined her head, stepping towards the doorway. “Keep in mind that Mr Rogers is extremely weakened, and likely won’t be woken for at least a week or so.”
The voice, now identified as the smooth tones of Tony Stark, acknowledged a passing pair of partygoers with a grin and a wink. As fast as it had arrived, the smile dropped, adopting a more strained appearance. “I saw you storm out here. What’s going on?” Tony sipped his bubbly. “If the press catches you slamming any more doors, they’re going to start asking questions.”
“Acute asthma exacerbation – not sure we have any Ventolin onboard, so get a breathing tube and the pump ready—”
Steve’s thin-lipped smile faltered. “I-I’m not quite sure—”
“Jesus…”
“Right!” Rhodey slapped his knees as he stood, shaking out the stiffness in his thighs. “I’m going to get some air. Tone?” This was met with nothing. “
“No, no, just…get him away from the landing pad, make sure he doesn’t follow the docs into ICU,” She scratched the back of her neck, “Let them clean him up first.”
Tony heaved a sigh and redirected his gaze to the door, and sure enough, Natasha peeked in a few moments later, out of view from where Clint was sitting. She made eye contact with Tony and held a finger to her lips as she lifted up a blanket and crouched down. Tony averted his eyes once again and she waited a few moments before she leapt, but Clint was ready. He shot a marble right at her forehead and dodged the blanket, pelting her with ammo as she made her retreat. Tony chuckled and Clint showed off a bit with the slingshot, banking a marble off a cabinet and getting it right in the fruit bowl.
’ Tony thought desperately, putting both his paws on Thor’s shoulders for a moment before backing up and beckoning him forward with a paw.
“This does concern me- you’re in my house. Get out.” Tony growled, tensed and ready to take the hit he knew was coming. The stranger’s tail whipped back and forth in anger and she flattened her ears with a hiss.
“What’s gotten into him? Maybe that dog
Thank you for sticking around this long! Please feel free to leave a kudos or comment, they're very encouraging and help me stay motivated! Also, if you saw any typos or mistakes, feel free to let me know. I edit my own stuff and sometimes miss things. Thanks!
“You saw the tesseract.” He said, once Tony stopped and it was clear that he had finished.
“What if someone kidnaps you? What if you get attacked?” Was the argument every time he scratched at the door. Another two days went by and Tony was getting so frustrated and angry, he finally snapped after Steve rather roughly sent Tony stumbling off his favorite armchair in the library. He calmly made his way down the the empty living room and took out his pent-up energy on everything soft and full of stuffing.
. “-it’s easier to see. There’s Tony Stark, the business man. The way he always smiles at the cameras with that crazy mega-watt grin you never see anywhere else, because it’s stiff and doesn’t reach his eyes.” Clint sat up, leaning back on his hands. “That’s his mask, the persona he hides himself behind. You wouldn’t think of him as a turtle but he really has a sort of shell. We don’t know who he actually is, because we didn’t bother to look any farther than that fake bravado he’s always got going.” The room was silent when Clint finished, and he looked around the room defensively. “What? A spy has to be good at reading people.” He grumbled, finally standing up from the floor and rolling out his shoulders.
“I think you should come with us, to avoid... unwanted attention.” Coulson said, subtly motioning with his head to the few people recording the exchange on their phones. Peter looked down at Tony again, who purred and rubbed the top of his head against Pete’s chin. That seemed to make up his mind.
going to stand.
Tony decided, padding over to the sink and grabbing a washcloth in his teeth. It was hard to see by the glow of the dim hallway lights, but he managed to wipe down the small trail of dripping blood left behind. His cheek was cut the worst, his neck having already stopped bleeding. He gently turned on the tap and wetted the rag, then with some maneuvering managed to lay down in his bed with it resting on the injured side of his face.
“Hey, guys! My name is Hannah Hill, and I’ll be helping you out today. Director Fury called me in when you requested a veterinarian, since SHIELD doesn’t actively have any on payroll.” Hannah explained, and Tony whipped his head around to give Steve his best murderous expression. He wasn’t phased, and just shrugged.
No way was Tony Stark going to eat out of a dumpster.
“Because I’m your teammate, and I’d like to call myself your friend.” Tony said, inching forward a bit. Clint turned away and wiped furiously at his face, as if he was angry that he’d cried. Tony was intimate with the feeling of thinking you’re weak, or pathetic, or anything less than perfect because you couldn’t hold your facade together.
“My implants. Son of a bitch, he fried my implants.” Clint sat up and thumped the side of his head with his back foot. Steve frowned curiously.
The tension in the room seemed to reach a climax and Tony held his breath; something in the air changed and he didn’t know what. After a few moments Tony realized that there was another sound besides his breathing- a shifting noise, like sand sliding down a hill. It got louder and louder and he had no idea where it was coming from until he looked over the edge of the scaffolding and realized that it was coming from
Spider-kid visibly gulped, definitely more nervous now that the government officials had arrived. Tony gave a soft growl at Fury to dissuade any interrogating.
“I for-rgot you were in here.” Clint said, his voice absolutely wrecked, hoarse and cracking on ‘forgot’. Tony felt a spike of both alarm and concern, poking his head around the corner. Clint was sitting with his back against the island cupboards and his knees drawn up to his chest. The cookie dough from the sheet was scattered across the floor and Clint kept his head buried in his arms, tremors snaking up and down his back and likely worsened from how rigid his muscles were.
“I can? Do I have my own access, or do you need to be in there with me at the same time? JARVIS needs to be up and running again, the mansion has literally been defenseless since Loki shut him down.” Tony said, pacing circles around Bruce, whose eyes went wide.
“What’s braddlebok?” Natasha asked, and Thor gave a heavy sigh.
“Hello? Tony?” She called, sticking her head out of the kitchen doorway and frowning when she spotted the whole team gathered in the entrance to her apartment. “What is it?”
“Get your ass back to the jet, they’ve got what they need.” He said shortly, and Tony didn’t look forward to getting his behind chewed out by an angry Rumlow.
It was so entertaining to watch the two of them battle as little animated characters that Tony forgot altogether to mention the tesseract.
“We’re in meeting room 5, like usual.” Steve called, but Tony was already off, leading them through the halls while SHIELD agents gave them some intense side-eyes as they passed. A dog wearing a Hawkeye hoodie probably wasn’t even close to the weirdest thing they’d ever seen, but it wasn’t a common sight on the helicarrier either.
“I don’t know, I just came to get him for our run, and he had the rag on his neck. He must have taken care of it himself, and I’m worried about where the collar went. I didn’t know he’d be able to get it off by himself, or that he’d even want to. A cut like this looks like it cut right through unless he took it off beforehand.” Steve fretted, patting down the dog bed and moving blankets in an effort to uncover it. Tony put his paw over one of Steve’s hands, mind racing on a way to de-escalate this before Loki thought he’d tattled, or the team cottoned onto the likelihood of foul play.
Tony lurched to his feet, wobbling unsteadily before he regained his balance. His heart was still pounding and the panic was just under the surface of his skin, ready to seize his lungs and
Tony pounded down the stairs, and input his code into Bruce’s keypad. If he shut down the generator, he could find where that ticking was coming from, and move the bomb into the safest place in the mansion.
His internal pity-party was interrupted by the elevator doors opening to deposit their resident teenager, who walked nervously up to Tony, wringing his hands a bit. His mouth opened to speak just as Tony scrambled to his feet and jumped right into the kid’s chest.
that he didn’t really care.
Steve was getting on his nerves more than usual lately, always carrying a short fuse and more than ready to work Tony into blind rage. He had the uncanny ability to piss Tony off like few people had ever managed. Government officials and militant leaders were the first two, and Steve Rogers had weaseled his way right into slot number three.
“What the heck? Are you buddies now?” Steve’s voice was hard as flint; he still didn’t believe Tony and he looked ready to kick him back out onto the street.
“Climb in!” Tony said, jumping into the chest cavity and laying on his back, head stuck into the helmet space. The rest of the group was extremely skeptical, but they all managed to fit. Clint and Natasha had decided to jam themselves into the legs, while Bruce, Steve, and Thor took the chest, jamming Tony’s shoulders closer to his head.
you can do in that form to stop me.” Even Loki’s voice sounded like Tony’s, though he talked just a tad bit different. Not that any of the Avengers would ever be able to tell.
“Let us settle this.” Thor said, looking at Steve to lead the way. The other Avengers gave Tony skeptical looks before they all headed downstairs to the workshop. Tony’s blood started to boil at the thought of Loki touching his stuff, and he had to consciously keep himself from growling.
“I’ll let you know if there’s any updates,” she called, which was met with a small wave.
“I mean,” started the brunette, “we’ve all done it! You and your pal – Bucky, was it? – it’s common knowledge you two were a little more than
Tony’s eyebrow quirked, and Rhodey’s mouth gaped looking for further explanation.
This Steve could not tolerate. “
I really enjoyed writing this chapter, and I'm thinking about just taking this as an opening chapter and writing something completely different with it? Hmm...
“Rogers,” Tony chuckled, and Steve allowed himself to peek through his fingers, “It’s okay, don’t freak out. I mean, I
Steve also sat back, squirming slightly but not wanting to show it. Tony had an incredible way of making him feel five-foot-four again. “Yeah, we…we grew up together. He looked after me a lot. I wasn’t great at staying out of trouble, so he probably saved my life a fair few times.”
“Rogers and I are leaving. Emergency business,” he called behind him, breezing past.
“—So, I said to her – ‘Hey, how many Teslas do you really see this side of town?!’. And sure enough, she returned the toddler and the fedora, and said ‘I’ll see you tomorrow, Eric!’”
Spencer raised an eyebrow. “You’re gay, right? You’re, like, some huge figure in LGBT history, being in the public eye and all that. Did…did you not know?” He grabbed a towel, glancing towards his friend in confusion. “I remember going to that reconstruction of your Brooklyn apartment as a kid – two guys sharing one bed? Didn’t take long for baby closeted me to figure that one out…”
“We’re landing in a minute, grab your stuff.” Sam pushed a comms pack in Natasha’s direction. “I’m headed straight to the airport, so you’re on debrief duty with Fury. I’d
another side. I’m not going anywhere.”
“I hardly think that’s appr—”
Steve felt his face flush, heat pricking behind his eyes. Words tried to form, but his closed-up throat just wouldn’t let them out. How the
affairs – invoked in a random bathroom was rubbing salt into the wound. Bucky and he—
A mirthful laugh. “About as well as you’d expect. Tony?”
“We’re going.”
“We’ll sort that on landing – make sure they’re ready for us.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Spencer winked, patting his partner on the back. “Our little secret, huh?” He began washing his hands. “We’re both reporters, as it goes, and when we happen to meet at social events, we like to…spend some time together.” He giggled, bumping hips with his partner. The seemed rather tipsy.
“It’s three years. This month. I think.”
Tony gave a rueful chuckle. “I can’t help a heart attack, Rhodey. Or asthma, for that matter.”
“Call me when you get this – we’re in the hospital unit.” A glance down. “Tony’s going to need you.”
“Bucky.” Natasha glanced down at the man below, who was refusing to make eye contact. “What did…”
“Coyote, we hear you. Bark twice if we move something that hurts you guys.” She said, and Tony was forced to wait once again, silent as the voices got closer and closer.
“I need to get them outside. Keep looking for Widow, and pull your tab when you find her or any other survivors. Stay safe.” She gave him a pat on the side of the neck and then she was gone, leaving Tony to bound back the way they had come and navigate his way through the hallways. Natasha had been underneath the corner that had exploded, and he didn’t often pray; but he prayed to any God that was listening for her to be alright.
“I have some paint and paper, I’ll be right back.” He strode off to his bedroom, muttering all the while and leaving the rest of them to sit and stare at each other. Clint broke the silence.
“We can head back to the jet since we’ve got all the readings we need.” Clint said, giving one last shudder before he turned to lead the way out of Tocco Caudio. He didn’t seem to notice the perpetual silence or the way the wind suddenly picked back up when they left. Tony wanted to scream; he wanted to point it out, to make Clint realize that there was something else going on.
“I have missed Tony’s chatter. Have you not?” Thor seemed genuinely confused, and the others chuckled.
“We can do it out there, let me grab a towel.” Bruce called, disappearing briefly before he walked back out and sat down on the edge of the bed. He spread the towel out on his lap and beckoned Tony over. “Put you head on my knees so that we don’t drop any toothpaste on your floor.”
Someone gave him a bruising slap on the back and Tony coughed, throwing up the rest of the water he hadn’t already. This time the burning started to fade and he could actually get in a real breath. Tony gasped and his chest heaved while the world came back into focus.
Nothing happened.
“Is this enough paper?” Steve called, holding a few tubes of red paint in one hand and a giant roll of paper in the other. Tony nodded and bounced impatiently, itching to finally tell them that they had an impostor in their midst. Steve shot him a glare as he rolled the paper on the ground and squirted a liberal amount of paint in the corner, then gestured as if to say, ‘go ahead’.
Tony sat back on his haunches and looked at the screen, shrugging a bit. He really only needed to have JARVIS scan him a few times and they were good to go.
“Um, well, Nat-” Steve tried, but Fury raised his hand palm-up and gave them all a ‘what the fuck?’ sort of look.
The barista instantly recognized him when he walked through the door, but it wasn’t just because he was Tony Stark. Before he’d moved himself and all the Avengers into the mansion, he was living at Stark Tower, and he came here almost every day.
“Nothing out of the ordinary, besides a lot of spiders. The energy signatures faded before we even left.” She reported, dropping her bag at her feet. They hadn’t expected to stay for very long but bringing supplies was always a precaution; just in case.
Tony swooped in low, doing loops and getting as close as he could to get the bugs’ attention. They crawled over each other in a mass of squirming green towards Tony and he stayed just close enough to keep their focus, but stayed back far enough to not become lunch.
“Okay, okay, maybe not
me?” His hand shot out and trapped Eric’s wrist within his fist. “What the hell?” The crowd started to shift, murmuring disapprovingly to each other. Steve looked around at the scathing faces and swiftly realised that this was
Gala night. A few months after New York, to celebrate the reopening of a children’s hospital. Naturally, Tony Stark and Steve Rogers were roped in to flash a smile, cut a ribbon, and sign a photo or two. Dr Banner was last spotted near the swanky buffet, trying to tell the difference between a “salted potato round” and the chips he ate on the subway last night. Unfortunately, the god of thunder had made a swift return to his hometown, while the two darkened figures from the battle had been deemed “classified”. After the ceremony, civilians, superhumans, and journalists alike mingled to the benign violin tones circling the room. For Steve, it was all a little…much.
“Don’t tell anyone. Please. Damn—” He began to bounce his leg, pinching his eyes in stress. His tone sounded more and more desperate. “I shouldn’t have said anything.
After what felt like days (but was probably hours), the renaissance painting forming in the hallway was disturbed. Rhodey, who had conjured up a chair, was sprawled outwards – legs akimbo, gently dozing with one arm resting on his friend’s knee. Tony, still on the floor, had merely lolled into the wall - eyes sealed, mouth slack. Natasha was stood (diligent as ever) looking slightly rumpled as she leant backwards too, eyelids wilting at the visible night sky. No natural light filtered through any grand windows; instead, this trio were illuminated only by the soft glow of the ‘Fire Exit’ sign. Green does wonders for the complexion.
Nat glanced across at Sam, hoping to gauge the mood of his phone call – by the look of his head in his hands, it was not going well. “Sam’s calling Bucky, we’re hoping to get a full list of his pre-serum health issues before we land. We also need to figure out exactly what happened in those eight days,” she looked again at Steve’s convulsing form, littered with mottled swellings and bloody wounds, “because it looks like he took a beating.”
“Sorry, out of my hands.” Tony waved his arms in defeat. “Duty calls.” He gave a playful salute, beckoning a bewildered Steve with a head jerk. Before the doors had even swung shut, Tony hailed a taxi, twitching his fingers in distracted impatience. Steve picked up the pace, hastily hopping inside as the cab pulled away.
Rhodey felt his own breathing quicken, and Tony’s shoulders start to twitch. “What I’m trying to say is, I can’t possibly imagine
“I’m afraid not, Mr Stark.” Tony’s jaw clenched, as did his fists. “We’re creating a sterile environment in there as preparation for surgery.”
“What about his…” Rhodes gestured towards his chest.
? This may sound like I’m asking, but it’s more of an instruction.” He presented an expectant hand to his friend, who merely glanced up.
“Yes – his lungs and heart seem to be the main concerns going forward, but Doctor Helen Cho is on her way from South Korea as we speak to assist with ongoing treatment. Hopefully her genetic tech will provide some new avenues to pursue, but for now he’s on a ventilator.”
“It might have been a good idea to tell him about my objective.”
“No! No – he will! Don’t torture yourself, man.” Tony forcibly exhaled. “Look,” Rhodey measured his tone carefully, “Whatever happens today, this is going to be a stressful few weeks. Months even.” Tony’s head dipped out of sight, and Rhodes quickly realised he was not helping the situation. “So-so what I’m trying to say is—” He spread his arms. “Let it out now.”
to fill out all those forms.”
“Very well.” The doctor peeled back a sheet on her clipboard. “While Mr Rogers’ condition does seem more balanced, I would be wary of calling it stable. We simply don’t understand the effects the de-seruming has had and doubt we will fully grasp it for years to come.” Rhodey sat up a little straighter.
Shaking hands held firm against the stone balustrade, cool air biting at his lungs. Jesus, Bucky had only been dead five minutes before the whole world swooped in like vultures, picking his carcass for gossip. What did they want to hear? ‘Oh, the pair were as inseparable as brothers – a little more than brothers, if you know what I mean.’ Hell, no one had cared back then – your business was your business. And sure, the Commandos saw through the relentless searches for Bucky’s body, the refusal to believe he was dead, nightmare after nightmare only reinforcing reality’s harsh truth. They knew there was something else behind that sorrow than mere friendship – but in the 40s it didn’t seem to
A second man (blonde and taller) emerged from the stall the brunette had appeared from, hastily zipping his fly and looking dishevelled. He grinned upon seeing Steve, whose mouth now hung slightly open.
“Unstable condition, recent witnessed cardiac arrest and acute asthma exacerbation, but now showing signs of life. Anticoagulants administered but this may affect other wounds later in treatment.” The gurney jolted as it made contact with the ramp. “Patient has recently been de-serumed, so experimental tech support will be required – get Doctor Cho on call for that. Eight days out of contact, in which he suffered major injuries to his head, chest and abdomen,” Natasha diverted her eyes as a spike of guilt flared inside, “as well as minor injury to the neck, back, arms, and legs. ICU is the best course of action – an MRI and surgery will both need to be prepped.” A chorus of ‘yes, sir’ echoed as Steve was wheeled away towards the building, passing by a stoic Fury and an unreadable Maria. Neither broke their gaze to look at the crowd.
“Hm. And yet, I can’t remember life before. Before war, and violence, and America, and dying for the fucking cause. And all this –
“As it stands, Mr Rogers is in a drug-induced coma to reduce swelling on his brain and could be for a week or so. We also have him on a heavy dosage of antibiotics and IV fluids to rehydrate him. The good news is that older pathogen don’t seem to have survived, which means we can rule out TB, flu, fever, sinusitis, and probably stomach ulcers too. Any malicious pathogens will have been picked up in the last few days.” Natasha tried to ignore the venomous grunt coming from the direction of Tony’s shoulders.
Steve swallowed; brows drawn together. He couldn’t figure out if Tony was alluding to his supposed new prominence as a gay ‘icon’. Hell, he didn’t even know if it was widespread knowledge, and he sure didn’t want to assume anything. “Yeah. Something like that.”
Thank you for reading! It warms my little heart that you've read this far!!
“He’s not dead, Tony. He’s just not in a great way,” She craned her neck to see past the crowded gurney, heard a crack and caught a glimpse of bloodied rib, “Really not in a great way.” Nat stood and made her way towards the front of the jet – she had enabled remote flight on entry, knowing Sam wouldn’t be up for piloting. “Prepare yourself. We should be back at the compound in five.”
was that, Fury?” Sam stalked off the jet and onto the ground, face stormy and ready for a fight. “As mission leader, I should’ve been informed of
Tony sucked in a breath, opening his mouth as if to speak, but closed it again. A line formed between his brows as he gazed pointedly at Steve. “Look – I know I can be pretty unbearable at times. I’m sure you’ve found me nothing but irritating since you met me.” Steve gave a half-smile. Tony looked down, almost nervous. “But I’m here for you, whatever you need. Because…it sounds absolutely terrifying, getting used to a new era by yourself.” He glanced up, spreading his arms. “My door is always open.”
“We have an update on Mr Rogers’ condition,” Dr Hobbs began. “The spinal surgery successfully corrected the superficial damage to his back, and our specialist has assured us that the spinal cord damage has been adequately rectified.” She gave a wry smile. “Of course, only when Mr Rogers regains consciousness will we know if everything has been repaired.” Tony shifted his eyes downwards. “However, you are now able to enter Mr Rogers’ room – if you’d like?”
I wrote this instead of revising, so I hope it was worth it!
how you’re feeling right now. But I need you to understand that you’re not alone. I’ve lived with that fear, and so has Pepper, and Steve, and half the soldiers I’ve ever met. I’m here to help you through it, to make sure you see the other side – because there
Natasha braced – it was best to just get the rest out as fast as possible. “After the de-seruming, we can assume Steve sustained heavy injuries from some form of torture, and minimal to no food. Before, he might have been okay, but now…” Nat scratched the back of her neck. “On the jet here, he had an asthma attack and suffered cardiac arrest. The doctors are doing what they can.”
The doctors at the medical bay paused for a moment, taking stock of Steve’s breaths – in, out, in, out – seeming satisfied at the pace and timbre. Natasha moved towards them, peeking over trolleys and wires to eye her teammate. He was less bloody than earlier – a few major scrapes stitched and patched for now. Still mostly caked in grime, but motionless and visible. His gaunt face was foreign to her – and he was definitely shorter. The Russian blood in Nat took stock of less obvious injuries. Ribs dented from the CPR, breathing not quite regular (but void of the rattle of a punctured lung), and scoliosis throwing his stature off a little. Electrode pads from the AED remained in place on his bare chest, a clinical warning that he wasn’t out of the dark yet. Nat half expected this stranger to wake up with no knowledge of Steve Rogers, insisting that they’d brought the wrong man back. That somehow there was a second combat uniform left hanging in another cell, where the strong, silent guy they knew was sat waiting. No one ever expected him to be this kind of silent when they brought him back.
“Captain Rogers brought down a plate of fruits, presumably for you to eat as breakfast. Dummy used a banana and the strawberries in addition to the normal protein mix.” JARVIS said. Tony looked over to the door and saw a plate with bananas and some blueberries perched on a nearby table. He used his chair to roll over to it, popping a few berries into his mouth.
“Please, just try. If you have even a few seconds to remember, tell us that you’ll be unavailable or that you need to go against orders. We just need to know so we can compensate.” Steve picked up a third sandwich and Tony barely kept himself from snorting at the man’s appetite. He understood what Steve was saying; he just couldn’t make any promises. Tony was actually surprised that they ended the conversation so civilly. Maybe Steve really was making an effort to respect Tony despite their first impressions of each other; maybe they could put that hate and anger in the past, and actually become
“Alright, Agent is en route and very angry. He should be here to yell at us in a few minutes.” Tony said, lifting his head into the air and drawing in a huge breath through his nose. “I have no idea how we’re going to find Peter, but he’s gotta be around here somewhere.” He called, trotting back towards the house they had pulled May from.
Tony was a bit nervous about Peter, so he paced around the living room for a while, much to the annoyance of the rest of the team.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was so loud that Tony wasn’t surprised when all of the other Avengers (minus Loki and surprisingly Bruce) came rushing in from the kitchen. They all looked excited to see Thor, until Steve glanced down and noticed Tony standing next to him.
“I hope it’s not too long. I still have bruises from Karamay.” Natasha sighed, turning off her phone and sliding it back into her pocket. Tony watched them all from his bed and felt his chest start to ache; he couldn’t do anything as a dog, and his status had been changed from ‘Active-duty Consultant’ to ‘Suspended’, which he hated. He missed being Iron Man, and it had only been three weeks.
“Find Peter and his aunt, and extract them.” Tony said, flicking his tail to signal for the group to follow. He lead them down the street to where Peter’s house stood- thankfully- mostly intact. The front portion was partially collapsed in and they all picked their way carefully over the debris towards the kitchen. Tony stopped when he scented blood, fur fluffing out and nose wrinkling at the potency.
“Good news!” Hannah called, stepping into the room and pinning up around five sheets. Tony had no idea what he was looking at but Bruce was nodding a little.
as he carried him past the bedrooms and into Tony’s own, shouldering open the bathroom door and shutting it behind them.
“I think you’re going to need a bath, Tony.” He chuckled, brushing his hands down Tony’s legs without much luck.
Hiiiiii thanks for being patient with me! This chapter is kind of short, but ya'know. I'm doing my best!
Tony barely managed a few minutes of rest before three suits descended on his alley, weapons primed.
Tony took a minute to get his breath back while the nurses checked his vitals and the clipboards and Clint rested a hand on his back.
Steve hopped down off the table once Tony was finished, and they waited while JARVIS put the scans together with the code.
words. Peter worried at the hem of his shirt and shuffled his feet as he waited, movements increasing in anxiety until he looked like he was sweating.
“What happened here, Tony?” Bruce asked, coming up on his other side and looking him up and down for other wounds. The Avengers (save for Thor, who was sitting with Coulson’s team) were all gathered in a loose circle around Tony, so he figured he could give them a quick debrief of sorts.
“I called you as a friend, and quite frankly I’m offended at this blatant lack of
“You wish to speak the language of humans again, do you not?” Thor asked, and Tony could hardly believe his ears.
“Anthony, breathe.” Rhodey barked, and that was an order so Tony did. He sucked in air until he choked on it, stopped thrashing and instead sat there and trembled while he tried to get in another breath.
“What do you want? I thought you were rotting in Asgardian prison.” Tony hissed, rubbing his thumb on one of the homing bracelets he had on. The suit could get there in a minute or two, but depending on what Loki was up to, Tony had no idea if that would be soon enough.
“Breakfast.” Steve said curtly, sliding the food bowl across the floor with his foot. The others went back to what they were doing and Tony stared down at the food, his stomach churning at the thought of eating it once again. Smelling it made him feel vaguely sick.
Steve pocketed it and picked Tony up to set him on the ground, ignoring the way Tony growled and squirmed.
‘Sierra-fiver-0-9-9-18.’
Tony thought bitterly, as he and Loki had a mini stare-down.
. Suit up and meet here in two.” Steve barked, abandoning the art supplies and striding off towards the bedrooms. Natasha and Clint were the only other two that needed to change, so Bruce and Thor turned their attention to Tony.
“How was the mission? Can’t have been too bad, if you’re still in one piece.” She said, shutting the door behind Tony and taking his flak jacket off for him.
Coulson came tripping back down the stairs, confusion and unsettle written across his face as he carried their discarded uniforms. He looked over at them again, and understanding dawned on his face when he saw Mjolnir on Thor’s back.
What greeted them was exactly the opposite of what Tony wanted to see.
Tony’s ankle finally healed, at least enough to stop wrapping it and to start putting weight on it again. Steve and him resumed the runs during their morning outings.
‘LOKI’
“Have a nice day.” The cashier gave them a face that looked like she was aiming for smile but landed somewhere around a grimace. Tony did not envy the brave souls who worked retail. Not one bit.
Bruce’s earlier words echoed in his head,
Any thoughts on what Tony is going to find in Benevento? It's a real place, or at least according to google. I do my best to achieve maximum accuracy (At least when it comes to geography). Comments and kudos are very appreciated!!
“I’m fine, just tired.” Tony said, closing his eye again as Steve nodded and slipped back into the conversations with the others.
“I get it, I get it. Hey, can someone get me my
Russian Translations:
“I’m alright. Let’s go.” Clint chuffed in exasperation when Steve got up and shook himself out, but he followed nonetheless.
“I concede your point.” His words were grated out through clenched teeth as he turned to face them.
“Tony’s been hurt, and his collar is missing.” Steve said. Bruce’s eyes widened in alarm as he finally took in the scene, gaze barely alighting on the discarded rag before he hurried over and dropped down next to Steve.
“Steve, he’s not lying. This is actually the real Tony.” Bruce said, giving Tony a quick scratch behind the ears before he stood up and cracked his back. Steve looked at him as if he’d sprouted a second head and Bruce sighed. “He knows the codes for Harlem and Laundry Day, I think that’s plenty of proof.”
Tony wailed, impatiently pacing back and forth. If he could just
“Thank you, thank you-” The second man said, as the agent helped him maneuver the kids under the beam and into the hallway. The youngest- two years old, at most- had stopped screaming when they were rescued, but he started up again when he saw the fire, clutching onto his older sister’s leg.
“We’re just about done here. Do you have Tony?” The comms crackled to life, Steve’s voice echoing throughout the cockpit where the off-duty Avengers sat.
Peter will show up, in due time...
“You wish for me to follow you? I must admit, never have I been acquainted with so intelligent a Midgardian animal as you.” Thor said, humoring Tony as he was led to a small patch of dirt at the end of the drive.
“Pepper!” Tony called, immediately darting forwards to weave himself around her legs. Steve did the same, and she stumbled a bit at the force of their excitement. It was nearly dinnertime, and Tony realized Steve and him had missed dinner the previous night, having fallen asleep while Tony was coding. It smelled like cheese and Tony really hoped she was making some kind of pasta.
Or, well, not so much. If the Avengers were going to call Animal Control because he was lying around in their backyard, he wouldn’t make much progress getting into the mansion. He needed a plan- and fast.
“This dog says he knows Anthony, and that he wishes to speak with him.” Thor said gravely, and the rest of the team looked at him like he was nuts.
“Oh, Okay. Thanks!” The kid sat down next to Tony’s head and scratched under his chin, careful not to brush any of the cuts or bandages scattered around in his fur. Clint turned away to stifle a laugh, but Tony figured the real joke was on him. The kid was alright, and Tony didn’t mind the petting one bit. He even laid his head on the kid’s knee for good measure. It only got an eye roll out of their archer, but Tony took it as a win.
“Who’s are you, huh? Where do you belong?” He continued to coo, and Tony took the opportunity to look around. He’d made it a couple blocks, and the fighting wasn’t as close as before. Spider-Man must have been watching the perimeter, and chased down the escapee robot. “I could bring you somewhere, I’m sure the Avengers have this covered-”
He shooed them all out of the room and starting making some phone calls as they reluctantly wandered back down the hall, unsure of what to do.
Hey, little edit; I totally forgot to put in the Russian translations, I apologize! So here they are:
As Tony passed the first building the wind suddenly dropped and there was only silence. A breeze still stirred the trees behind him and it was almost as if Tocco Caudio was in its own bubble. It made his skin crawl but he stopped and made himself focus as he crept down streets, footfalls light and quick as he made good time getting to the building.
“Also, Thor, thanks for the collar. It was driving me absolutely crazy, this whole not-talking thing. I think Clint enjoyed it, but all good things must come to an end. Shame.” Tony said, not nearly done getting things off his chest, but content for a while longer. Who he really needed to talk to was JARVIS, or Rhodey. They were great listeners.
“I was saving a ten year old kid from drowning- and Clint is a grown ass man, he can take care of himself! Should I have left her?!” Tony fought not to throw his helmet once it was off, reluctant to cause more damage than was already done by their creature-of-the-week. He had so many projects on hold that suit repairs would hopefully be able to wait for a bit.
“Damn, he really did a number on your leg. Bruce can check it out when we get back to the ‘jet.” Clint helped Loki up again and checked his other leg for wounds while Tony stared in disbelief. Logically, he knew that Clint wouldn’t realize that he had the wrong guy, but Tony was having a hard time accepting what was actually happening.
“Um..?” Coulson lifted his arms off the table, and Tony finally found the pocket where his phone was stashed. “Tony, don’t you dare-” He made a grab for the cat, but he was already back in Peter’s lap, tapping away at the screen as he bypassed the password and hacked into the device. Peter watched with saucer-big eyes as Tony struggled to hit the right keys, and helpfully steadied the device so that the cat could use both paws. Coulson was staring at them and Tony could bet that he was planning a horrible scheme for revenge- he’d bet his bugatti, in fact. Peter probably wasn’t supposed to know the circumstances of the situation.
Tony turned into a near-empty parking lot to see the quinjet idling behind the forms of Natasha and Steve, who were waiting for Clint as he all but dragged ‘Tony’ towards the open hatch.
“Um, can I help you?” She asked, half in the elevator to keep it from taking her with them, but probably also to keep it from leaving with a stranger on board. Tony meowed at her in delight, rubbing his cream and brown fur all over her black pants. Her face scrunched up in annoyance and her shoulders fell a little as she seemed to resign herself to the situation. It wasn’t anything different from what Tony usually saw from her, so he kept getting cat hair all over her slacks, if only to keep their relationship consistent.
“Good luck, kid. I’m going down to the lab.” Tony smacked Clint in the face to liberate his tail, and then jumped down from the table and made a break for it before someone could catch him again.
“I won’t be gone for long, buddy. I’m gonna go for a ride, get some lunch, and be back before you know it. I promise.” Tony ran a hand down Dummy’s arm as he made his way to the workshop doors, getting to the garage as stealthily as he could to avoid running into Steve. He got in his Audi and peeled out of the driveway with a screech of tires.
“I hear you loud and clear.” Tony said, breath puffing out in front of him. He was glad for his fur and the flak jacket; as a human he likely would have needed at least four layers to even begin to feel comfortable.
“I don’t think you should be in here, Tony. I have a lot of chemicals sitting around.” He got up and basically shooed Tony out, giving him an apologetic smile. “Sorry. I’ll come hang out with you later, when I don’t have any time-sensitive experiments. Alright?” With that he went back into his lab, and Tony watched through the glass as he typed in his code to lock the doors.
“Miss us?” Clint chuckled, clapping Steve on the shoulder as he went by. Bruce came up to Tony and took off his vest before he gave him a once-over, tutting when he found a lot of bruising and the sprained ankle. Natasha and Steve talked about the mission while Tony sat and waited for Bruce to return with a medkit.
“Tony! You’re going to get snow everywhere!” Steve called, running after him with a faint groan of exasperation. Tony knew he was being difficult, but he refused to be bathed. How humiliating!
“Alright, I need to see you walk a bit. Don’t put pressure on it if it hurts too much. This is just to give me an idea about how bad the sprain is.” Hannah said, stepping back as Steve lifted Tony up and set him gently on the ground, taking off the oxygen mask to keep him from tripping.
Tony snarled, body tensed to leap. It wasn’t rational, or even remotely smart, but he was so incredibly
“If you wanted to run a lap or two around the park, I can hang out here.” Tony said, pointing with his nose to the bench. Steve smiled and shook his head.
!’ He barked and started to run, stopped as they all whipped around and their hands went to their weapons. They relaxed when he didn’t seem crazed or hungry for blood. Still, they watched him over their shoulders as they filed into the ‘jet, Clint glancing back one last time and shaking his head.
As soon as Stark had been bit by that dog, he’d started acting weird.
I'm trying to make these chapters longer, but I've been a bit busy recently, and I can barely crank out a few pages per week. I hope you guys aren't terribly bothered!
Hi so! I'm super bad at this. But I got notified of a comment on here and i was like. Frick. Cause I knew it had been forever since i'd updated, even though I just promised that I was in the long haul to complete this. And I /do/ have 50k written, it' really a matter of remembering to post chapters. So without further adieu,,,, I hope you enjoy the latest installment of 'Wow Tony Stark's life is pretty fucked up huh'
As he was talking to himself, Tony noticed that the robot against the wall was being cut free by three others.
“Sir?” Natasha asked as she turned to Fury, who nodded his head.
“How sad, that they don’t want you. Even as a human they were only ever interested in your applications. Already I have gotten three requests to fix body armor and nothing much else from your teammates, though they seem content to interact amongst themselves. Perhaps I did you a favor, Stark.” His fingers glowed green, but before he or the other Avengers could move, Tony leapt with a snarl and sank his teeth into Loki’s arm. The god grunted and grabbed Tony by the scruff, sinking in his fingernails and ripping him off to see that it wasn’t even bleeding. Terrific.
territory. Maybe once the kid was out of college, at the very least, but not one minute sooner.
Tony felt slightly bad about slowing Steve down, and as they came to a bench he sighed.
of quinjet propellers nearby, the smell of gasoline and oil strong in the breeze passing by in front of the entrance to the alley.
That… sounded like agent Jackson who was shouting. If he didn’t listen to the kid, then he’d hopefully listen to Tony. Shield would take this vigilante-teen, interrogate him, and cajole him until they got his identity. He’d be watched, or forbidden from being involved in Avengers matters- and from the brief interactions Tony already had with the kid, he knew that wouldn’t stop him. He’d get himself into much more trouble than he was already in- trouble with the law. He’d make himself a scapegoat for the government’s looming movement on superhero registration.
He stopped, again, a few feet from Clint; waiting for him to make a move.  He stayed absolutely stock still and Tony whined.
“JARVIS, comms-” Tony spluttered, clawing at the grasshopper’s legs and trying to wiggle out from underneath it.
“You put your entire team in actual danger today. When you’re a group of superhuman crime fighters, you’re allowed a little leeway when it comes to reasonable risk. This? Completely unreasonable, and completely unnecessary.” Natasha and Bruce made protesting noises, but were hushed by a scathing glare.
“Peter, what is it? You still have all of them, right? God, please tell me you at least still have Tony, he’s the hardest to keep in one place once he realizes he’s actively being kept there-” Tony cut Coulson off with an offended huff, and gave him a piece of his mind while Peter tried to snatch the phone back, and Pepper switched from pissed off to slightly freaked out.
“We’re going to take another reading- wait- ere.” Dawson crackled over the comms and Tony’s nostrils flared in concern; they weren’t supposed to cut out like that. He’d designed them himself.
“Why not?”
“It’s just a regular collar. What’s so special about it?” He poked it, and nothing spectacular happened. Thor just chuckled and gestured for Tony to lower his head.
“Is that all you’ve got?” He huffed, tail lashing as she calculated her next move. She settled on another full-frontal attack and she descended upon Tony with renewed vigor, adrenaline spiking his heart rate and making his ears rush with the sound of blood.
It was about as boring as Tony had expected. He couldn’t add any input besides nodding his head or shaking it, and he couldn’t even explain to them what had actually happened.
SHIELD medical was, as always, a chore. They’d apparently hired a vet tech onto the team after The Incident, and he made sure to give them both a thorough check-up while they were there. Tony ended up with one of his back legs shaved for stitches, and Steve nearly rolled off the table laughing when he’d seen the final result.
, and it went flying across the room, sand spilling everywhere. Natasha and Clint stopped to gape at him, and Bruce finally looked up from his tablet with his eyebrows raised. “If we can’t trust him, he could be a liability in the field.” Steve finished, starting to unwrap his bloodied knuckles.
“I did what I had to, okay?” Tony snapped, pulling the release on a gauntlet and yanking it off. Steve was hot on his heels as they made their way into the mansion from the landing pad. The Quinjet wasn’t back yet, and Steve had asked for a ride back. Tony knew he was going to get yelled at when he accepted the request, but Steve’s ire only got worse the longer one avoided it, so he tended to just let Cap blow off some steam so it would be over faster.
“How long was he exposed to smoke?” She asked, pulling out a few q-tips from her coat and swabbing the inside of Tony’s cheeks. Steve rubbed his chin and glanced over at Bruce.
“Chill out, cat. You don’t want to be a furry pancake, do you?” Tony had to agree with that, but it didn’t mean he wanted to be man-handled against his will. The kid looked no older than seventeen or eighteen, tall and gangly, with curly dark-brown hair and nerd glasses. He was being squeezed uncomfortably as they crossed the street, and Tony felt no remorse when he bit down on the kid’s hand. “Ow! Shit! Cut it out, you little-!” He cut himself off before he made a scene, instead gripping the cat more firmly and picking up his pace. “You’re ungrateful, you know that?” He muttered, ignoring the flailing and panicking cat as he walked farther and farther away from Tony’s saving grace. “Calm down! I’m not gonna hurt you!” They stopped, and the kid brought Tony up until they were nose-to-nose. “You’re not a stray, so don’t give me that look. You’re too well-fed and healthy to be living on the streets. I’m not sure if you’re chipped, but I’m gonna bring you home with me and make some posters to hang around, and see if anyone recognizes you. It’s not everyday you find a nice kitty like yourself.” Tony huffed, unsure whether to be insulted or just slightly irritated. The kid walked for almost twenty minutes before they seemed to reach the right part of town. Tony was tucked underneath the kid’s arm as they turned down a road, houses lining the street. They turned up one of the paths to an unassuming two story, and the kid barged inside, having apparently left it unlocked.
Duraki = fool(s)
They got on the helicarrier, flew home, and everyone dispersed. Tony was left standing alone in the foyer wondering why he was fighting so hard for a family he had no place in.
“God, Chrome? Dude, that’s archaic. I almost feel bad for you.” Tony mewed, sitting up to begin licking himself clean. It was a carnal urge, and once he realized that he couldn’t really taste the grime he decided it wasn’t so bad. Being dirty made him feel itchy.
“Why all the long faces? We’ll catch him, we always do.” Clint said, bunting his head against Natasha’s shoulder and letting her groom his ears. Thor heaved a sigh and shook his head while Tony and Steve exchanged a put-out look.
Tony heard Clint trudging along behind him and he stepped up the pace a little, nearing the edge of the trees by the time Clint spoke up on his comms.
A young voice screeched, and Tony whipped around in time to see one of the metal suits hurtling downward towards him. With his last moment of time, Tony closed his eyes and thought to himself,
Hey guys. I'm sorry to say that my grandmother passed away on Wednesday; It's been hard to make myself write, and I don't have enough to post much of a chapter. I will most definitely be back next week, but I hope you understand me missing this update. Love y'all, and I'll see you next Friday/Saturday <3 <3 <3
It’s… unideal. The new wave of robots are eerily akin to the Iron Man suits, but their propulsion was shaky and their power source was likely lithium-based; creating a volatile situation. They wouldn’t be able to withstand a direct impact or high heat of any kind without exploding.
Natasha dumped Tony in the bathroom, slamming the door behind her. Tony heard the lock click and he wanted to scream, wanted to run, wanted to tear something apart. Instead he crawled back into the cabinet and and stared at nothing while he floated in the vacuum of space.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, his voice right behind Tony’s head. Tony let out an involuntary murrp and laid fully on his back, sighing out all his remaining energy and finally relaxing a bit. Steve sat down and took over the grooming, occasionally spitting out tufts of cream fur that had been torn loose in the commotion.
“I’m sorry, Tony. We didn’t think.” Steve said, fidgeting with the hem of his shirt. It was adorable.
“What time did he drop by?” Tony asked, taking the plate with him and returning to his desk. Dummy left the smoothie next to his keyboard and went back to his charging station to nap, or whatever it was the robots did when they re-charged. Butterfingers and U had been charging all day- they were getting software updates, and Tony wasn’t doing suit repairs, so he didn’t need any extra hands.
Tony’s favorite Starbucks was within walking distance from Stark Tower, so he parked the Audi in his personal garage and took a long walk, hands in his pockets and people-watching as he made his way down the sidewalk. A few people recognized him but none stopped to take pictures; it was a work day, and near the end of most people’s lunch hour. He wasn’t surprised that they didn’t have the time.
Tony finally reached a wall and he wanted to scream again, wanted to tear it down and just run, run-
Tony had enough to focus on to keep him from panicking about the dark, and Finley checked in with him every ten minutes or so for almost two hours as SHIELD tried to dig their way down to Natasha and him.
“Both your fibula and tibia are snapped, of course it’s broken. Stop complaining and hold still so I can splint it.” Bruce growled, massaging a palm against his forehead while he tried to wrap Stark’s leg.
(See the end of the chapter for
It took longer than Tony would have liked, but after a minute or two of pecking the command into a computer and he was rewarded with the building falling into silence.
“I felt bad that all you can eat is cat food, so I thought that while I was taking a break, I’d make something a bit more interesting for you.” Pepper explained, straightening up and dumping the contents of her bowl onto the counter. Tony and Steve hopped up onto a barstool and watched as she started to knead what looked like dough. "I also took some medicine to keep my eyes from swelling shut, and it seems to be doing wonders."
“Stark? Are you alright?” Clint suddenly loomed over him, and then felt around Tony’s head for bumps.
They set out soon after everyone was ready. Coulson had a backup team of agents that were scouring New York for any energy signatures from Tony’s arc reactor, while Maria, him, and the cats worked as a unit, checking where they had projected Tony’s flight path to land him.
“What all did they do to you, kitty?” He murmured, petting down Tony’s back. It felt glorious.
“You can tell us the truth later. For now, let’s get you settled in the jet.”
Tony thought. Sure, being weirded out by spiders was relatively normal. But seeing the ‘tesseract’, and feeling creeped out by the place? That’s not something easily marked off and tossed away as quirky, as irrelevant. As being spooked.
Tony whined, but she set him down on the rug and locked him in the dark without looking back.
as calm.
“Did he get the intel?” She handed over a black memory stick. “Well done on finding Steve, Romanoff. I hope you can help Wilson move on from this…unfortunate circumstance.”
“Look, Sam…”
“No…no worries.” Steve blinked hard. The rims of his eyes burnt somewhat.
“Oh, come on,” Steve received a firm slap on the shoulder, “I bet Cap here can hardly leave the house for fear of death by adoration!” The congregation giggled. A muscle in Steve’s jaw began to twitch.
. Not like this invasive, godforsaken hellscape of the modern era—
Steve tipped his glass in appreciation, but couldn’t help noticing the stark untruths in those words. Disregarding a less-than-great first impression, he had received nothing but kindness from Tony – despite being concealed under a thick (but false) armour of ego. There was something more to this man – something yet to be discovered by those not in the exclusive inner circle. And little voice in Steve was determined to find out what.
fine’.” Tony placed his champagne flute down onto the cool stone and leaned inwards. His thick brows furrowed, eyes suspiciously searching the creases of Steve’s face for the answer to a question he hadn’t yet asked. “Is it the media? I can get them to back off? Do you want to go home? Happy can get you home, you only need to ask—”
Steve whipped around, struggling a path through the crowd towards the restrooms. Dodging trays of hors d’oeuvres and donation bowls alike, he managed to dump his champagne flute before shoving open the too-heavy doors. He ground to a halt over the sinks. Christ, when S.H.I.E.L.D. had offered him PR training, maybe he shouldn’t have turned it down with such a dismissive snort. Back in the old days if you couldn’t hold a conversation you just had to smile and look pretty. At least, that’s what Howard had dictated all those years ago.
“Um. I’m sorry, did—
Sam had one fucking job. “I’m guessing you’ve seen him. I’m coming down.” The elevator doors slipped shut. Floor Three. “Are you…um, okay?”
“How did Bucky take it?”
“Oh, shit, sorry!” A short brunette stumbled out of a stall, knocking into Steve’s side as he gripped onto the sink for stability. “It’s these shoes, man, I can’t get used to them!” The man proceeded to wash his hands and chuckle to himself, seemingly oblivious to Steve’s wide-eyed stare.
Tony gave a nonchalant sniff, gazing out the window as though nothing abnormal had just happened. “I’m hungry. You hungry?”
Two whiskeys were placed down between the men, and Tony gave a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “So. You go to a lot of these places growing up?”
Okay I know it's been a while but I'm starting to get back into writing again and it's been super relaxing! Hope you enjoyed (and I hope it's not another 11 months to the next part lol)
know. It’s nothing more than cheap hearsay, honestly.” He sat forward. “If you’re not ready to tell the world then it’s not their business. But…I am pleased you’ve told someone.” The corners of his mouth lifted as he swallowed more whiskey. Steve, meanwhile, was not
“Steve…what can I do?” Silence prevailed. “How can I help?”
“No?”
“What did he say?” A hasty nod. “The big ones are heart trouble and severe asthma. Might also be half deaf, half blind, anaemic and have a skewed back.” Tony’s head dropped to his knees, and he tugged at the hair on the back of his head. “There might be some pathogenic diseases left over from the thirties, but we can’t be sure until blood tests come back.” Natasha shifted feet, hesitant to continue. “And then there’s whatever happened when he was…out of range.”
“Nah. Spending the first 25 years of your life chronically ill tends to reduce your ability to hold your drink.” Tony winced in apology. “It’s okay, I had other things to keep me going. Art school. My roommate, Bucky? Not…not sure if I’ve mentioned him before.”
the place to cause a scene. Face flushing, he released the arm held tightly in his grip and smoothed out the bottom of his suit jacket.
“I thought I was having a fucking heart attack when he arrived in ICU. I thought—I thought that was it—” He was interrupted by a sob, which he quickly stifled with his own hand. He breathed deeply. “I thought he was dead, Jim. I can’t carry on without him.”
anything.” The tips of his ears turned pink. “Just…loved each other.” Sipping his whiskey, he willed away the tears threatening to form. “For years, we were fine together. People saw us and understood. There was nothing to be ashamed of. But one day I…I came home with a thick lip, busted eye, and a couple broken ribs. Some asshole jumped me, saying—” He swallowed thickly, jaw twitching. “—Yeah. And that was it, we suddenly weren’t safe anymore. Buck got a girlfriend – told me to get one too. I think he genuinely felt something for her, but…” He shrugged. “That’s when I found Peggy – you know, the one in the Smithsonian. She was lovely. I think she even knew about…you know. And I did love her. But I never felt quite the same way about her as…as I did about Bucky.” Emotion coated Steve’s throat as he sighed. Tony gave a sad smile, brows still knitted in thought.
“You look like shit.” The fluorescent lighting deepened the creases of Tony’s forehead lines and eye bags, ageing his greying face.
about his personal life? Hearing Bucky’s name had only ripped open the fresh injury of grief, and having past affairs –
“What the
“Worse.”
. Just—sorry, I—I didn’t mean to—ugh.” Steve pawed at his cheeks, dropping his head as to make it unreadable. Tony sighed, mouth opening and closing as he tried to find the right words.
“Endangered the team, got it. Where is he? Is-Is he alive?” The pause in Natasha’s voice was telling. “Oh fuck…no, no no, fuck—”
“Bucky.” Steve rubbed his eyes. He seemed to have little control over what he revealed tonight, so thought it best to just let it all out. “He…I only had him. We never
“Nah, not an option. Up.” Natasha smirked as Tony was pulled to his feet, steadied slightly as his numb legs nearly gave way, and gently encouraged down the corridor.
“I’m fine.”
“Hey, hey—” ‘Eric’ released his vice-like grip on Steve’s shoulder and started to creep his hand downwards. “Did the serum really enhance…
Time seemed to move slower – floor eight, floor seven, floor six – until she could finally disembark and worm through the maze of labs to the hospital centre. White floors, white ceilings, white coats – just follow the trail of noise. Her shoes clicked on the polished floors, speeding up every few steps at the worrying thought of Tony going AWOL. Eventually, she rounded a corner and spotted a bulky heap propped up against a wall. Could’ve been worse.
“Surgery?!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony squeezed his eyes with his hands, torso spasming as he tried to gasp for air through his silent tears. Rhodey placed a warm hand on his shoulder, rubbing comforting circles. Eventually, Tony’s chokes regulated enough for him to force some words out.
can do is help you to help Steve.”
be doing another one for a while. Suddenly, Steve noticed the hangnail he had been gnawing on starting to bleed. Tony – who had watched the whole event happen – looked mildly concerned.
.” The bite in Tony’s voice was animalistic. A doctor shoved past, and Nat took a seat. “Last I heard, Steve was on a mission, next Maria texts me saying he’s been missing for eight days? Eight fucking days?”
“Ventricular tachycardia present, sir – I’ve got the defib prepped in case of persistence.”
The brunette looked up into the mirror, catching sight of the man adjacent to him. “No-freaking-way – Captain America, right?” He held out a dripping hand for Steve to shake, which was reluctantly accepted. “Wow, I thought the celebrities would be long gone by now – this is incredible! Hey, Spencer, get out here!”
“Howard used to come here with Jarvis – real Jarvis. When he couldn’t help it, I was dragged along too.” He gestured around himself. “Been here since the 30s – I figured it would appeal to your old-timey tastes.”
“Is that what freaked you out at the gala?” Steve’s eyes flicked up, startled at the accuracy of the remark. “Did someone bring up something from the past? With the internet, it can feel like everyone knows everything.”
As instructed, the tie was tucked into a pocket and Tony was followed. The bar, situated on a discreet backstreet, would seem deserted if not for a solitary figure smoking on the front steps. This figure grinned at the pair as they passed, seemingly content with allowing them to enter.
“I mean…I guess most of that isn’t a death sentence?”
There was a beat, filled by the ambling piano and the murmur of the bar crowd. Pulling himself upright, Steve gave a weighted groan. “That’s just the way it was. You kept it locked away, deep inside, and hoped that it never exploded.”
don’t say anything—”
Natasha cleared her throat, exchanging a furtive glance with Rhodes. “Just tell all of us.”
I firmly believe that no coming out scene between Steve and Tony could EVER happen while either is sane/conscious/sober/otherwise in the right state of mind. Maybe you'll agree somewhat?
Natasha ground her teeth. “Yes, sir.” A terse smile to both, before heading back inside – certainly not towards her desk. She pulled out her phone. It took six rings for an answer.
“Rogers,” hissed a voice from behind him. Steve half-turned in time to catch the glass of water thrust into his hands, “You good?”
The blood immediately rushed to Steve’s head, bringing with it a cloud of shock, shame, and humiliation. “Wh…what?”
She could hear a rattled breath through the phone. “What did they do to him?” The voice was small and almost made Natasha forgive him for the attitude.
“Ha. Bucky’s flying out as soon as he can, thinks he can help him cope. Worth a shot, if nothing else,” Sam glanced at the control system, brows furrowed and tired, “We’ve not got a lot left to lose.”
A waiter set down a far-too-fancy bowl of nuts, for which he received a nod of appreciation. Tony took one, popping it into his mouth. He chewed in deep thought. Steve was suddenly overwhelmed by this new side to Tony Stark – relaxed, engaged, defences down. Quiet and contemplative. Actively making an effort to provide comfort for his teammate, and revealing elements of his past. Maybe it was the sleep deprivation talking, but he was filled with an unexpected admiration that compelled him to become
Tony glanced up, all the adoration in the world painting the lines of his face as he gazed at his friend. He enveloped Rhodey in the tightest hug he could muster, swaying the pair in the hope it would convey the sheer gratitude he felt. The balcony retained this image for hours, of the two men talking, exchanging ideas, and solving problems. Dawn arrived, first painting her thin glow across the horizon, then bleeding yellow into green, tainting the navy night sky. It was as the sun’s infant rays began to warm the platform that Rhodey’s phone vibrated, halting the discussion to be checked.
Thanks for sticking around! Feel free to comment and kudos if you're enjoying it!
All of this was written really late at night, so please let me know if you see some typos or grammatical errors!
“-nthony, the beasts are vanquished. Anthony?” Thor was saying, apparently having missed Tony go under.
“He called me after you fell asleep, talking a mile a minute about how you ‘nearly died’. I asked a nurse when I came by today and she said it was just a bit of fluid. That does not count as nearly dying, Clint.” Steve directed the last sentence at Clint, who stuck his tongue out without glancing up from their game.
Rhodey chatted aimlessly for a minute or so before he promised to visit soon, and they ended the call, leaving Tony and Steve sitting on the icy driveway while Bruce stood there, shoeless. Tony avoided eye contact and started back towards the house while they trailed behind him.
He thought, dashing into the street and back towards the fighting. If he was lucky, an Avenger or Spider-Man would spot him and come to the rescue.
“Well you can’t open doors as a dog. What if the door gets shut while you’re in your room? It’s easier for you to be living in the main communal areas, where there aren’t so many ways to get stuck.” He made it sound sensical, but Tony was still pissed about it when they got back to the mansion.
When they got to the door, one of the employees sweeping the sidewalk stood up and held out an arm, stopping them. Peter clutched at Tony and gave a small, hopeful smile.
“Please, don’t start. At least wait for us all to get back to the mansion, I’m too tired to argue.” Tony muttered, using Thor to haul himself to his feet. The armor somewhat compensated for his unsteady legs and he picked up the helmet, slipping it back on his head and reading the HUD as his vitals started popping up.
“Clint, is it alright if I come over there?” Tony asked, his own wheezing breath loud as he listened for a response.
. Just above the ceiling tiles, came a humming sound overlaid by telltale ticking. He had no idea how Loki managed to acquire (read: steal) a device that was retro enough to actually tick,
“Fine. Go ahead, leave me here. To rot.” Tony grumbled, and the others all sighed at the same time.
Since he couldn’t get into his workshop, Tony decided to go down to the gym and run again; though he found out that he wasn’t the only one there. Steve was going hard at the heavy bag, while Natasha and Clint sparred in the ring towards the back. Bruce was even sitting on a bench with his tablet.
“The other guy’s a bit upset today, but hell if I know why. I think I need a vacation.” Bruce leaned his head back against the seat and they remained quiet until it was time to disembark.
Tony poked his head out of the alley, ears swiveling and nose twitching as he tried to sort through the new information he was getting. He could hear everything, and smell way too much. He also had no idea where he was. “Well, you gotta start somewhere.” He muttered, taking off and heading to his right, down the sidewalk. ‘At least it’s daytime’, Tony mused to himself. He would have been reluctant to leave his armor, but he had managed to shove most of it behind the dumpster, and put his scent all over it so that he could find it later. Tony was much more comfortable after rubbing his face all over the metal, though he knew it was just some cat instinct, and wouldn’t matter anyway.
Tony was so tired of being a dog, and he’d resigned himself in that department. But being Iron Man was one of the things in his life that he wouldn’t give up- not over his dead body.
from the mansion, and Loki’s supposed ‘eyes and ears’.
It felt like forever before Tony saw the first building- or, well, what used to be a building. There was a good reason for this town to be abandoned. None of the buildings were taller than two stories, and few without extensive damage. A good number were just crumbling walls outlining a pit of rubble and bricks.
Peter’s brow creased, and he glanced sideways at Tony on his shoulder.
“Tony, are you alright?! Thor, can you find him?” Steve was yelling, and Clint said something, but then the water sloshed up into his nose and Tony was effectively drowning. The grasshopper had stopped moving, but the legs were locked in a morbid embrace even after death. Tony tried to scream and it came out as a desperate gurgle.
groom his head a little. Just a bit. Just a really quick-
Tony kept up an internal monologue all the way to the town. It took all of his concentration to avoid branches and make sure he didn’t knock into anything as he weaved between the trees and over rocks. He saw the old stone facade of a building through the trunks and he hustled through the last stretch until he was standing in front of what he could tell was an ancient town; it had seen better days, with bricks scattered across the ground and paint peeling from all the walls, entire buildings literally crumbling and collapsing in on themselves. Vegetation was crawling up the brick and the whole town seemed to be holding its breath. Like it was waiting for something.
tell what was what, “-and here. It probably would have been worse if you’d already been put on fluids. Honestly, I’m surprised at how bad this is, compared to how calm you are.” Hannah gestured for them to follow her again and Clint tagged along as Steve carried Tony and Bruce hovered by his elbow with the oxygen tank.
Tony looked over at a potted plant next to the front door, and he was so angry, he wanted to destroy it and leave them something else to pick up. He’d learned his lesson after Natasha, though, so he instead made his way over to the gym, and started to run off his anger on the track.
“New cat? She looks pretty trained.” She commented, and Tony heaved an internal sigh.
“That’s a dollar in the swear jar, honey pie.” Tony snickered as Steve half-heartedly smacked his shoulder with a paw.
The code was completely fucked. Loki must have known something or other about computer programing, because he managed to botch up almost half of JARVIS’s subroutines and turned him offline. He also changed all the overrides, which had Tony wanting to yank out his hair. Or, well. Fur.
Chuvstvovat' sebya luchshe, shchenok= feel better puppy
They left the bedroom without Tony needing to set foot in the bathroom. The rest of the day consisted mostly of Tony sleeping out of the way in Bruce’s lab, and occasionally handing him equipment he needed in exchange for head scratches. He even got fed a few bites of Bruce’s takeout when the team settled in the living room to watch a movie.
Tony allowed Spider-Man to pet his head, glad that he was at least safe while the younger hero stuck around.
Liberation came in the form of Thor, who threw open the door and spread his arms.
“Couldn’t sleep. I think all of us have that problem sometimes.” She said, wrinkling her nose when she took another sip of her cold drink. “Oy, gadost…” She muttered, and Tony had to assume it was russian, since it didn’t make a lick of sense to him.
“I think this is a wonderful idea.”
Clint started with the Chitauri, about the mind control he had gone through. That he blamed himself for what he did. That baking was something he could focus all his energy on, something that wasn’t destructive or violent and soothed his nerves, a balm to the memories he tried to forget.
“Tasha, his magic fried my implants. I have no idea what you just said.” Her face lit up with understanding, and she nodded, looking over at Steve while her tail gently swished back and forth. He shook his head.
‘Thor! Man, am I glad to see you. You’ll never fucking guess what happened!’ Tony bounded up to him and wagged his tail, subtly blocking him from getting any further up the driveway.
“Nasty, nasty. I’ll go get a few bags of fluid, and an oxygen unit. Should I grab an intubator, just in case?” He directed at Hannah, who nodded from where she was shaving Tony’s front leg. They couldn’t put the I.V in with fur getting in their way.
“We need something for you, I won’t let you go inside without something to prevent smoke inhalation!” She nearly had to shout over the chaos so that he could hear her, and Tony’s mind raced to think of something. He’d personally upgraded the SHIELD agents’ gear multiple times, but he had no idea what they kept in their pockets.
“I have all the time in the world.” Tony said, since- as a dog- he was borderline useless, and was awarded far too much free time in exchange.
“Natasha was trying to get him off the couch, and he flipped! He was growling and snapping and he just-” Clint made a violent biting gesture with one hand, and shrugged as he picked up his coffee again. “The guy’s driving us crazy. Maybe you can reason with him.” The team murmured in agreement and it was Pepper’s turn to scoff.
“That makes sense. Jarvis is still down, right? Do you know how long until you get him back to normal?” Steve whispered, looking around the room. It was still strange not to have the pleasant (albeit sarcastic) voice interjecting with data and clever quips.
Tony was an asshole, an egotistical maniac, and a stubborn son of a bitch where Howard had been a schmoozer when it came to business and a drunken bastard otherwise. Tony wasn’t quite as much of a drunk and he wasn’t so cruel when he was. It wasn’t his fault that he wasn’t Howard- he hoped to God he was never like Howard.
“Yea, I don’t find myself over this way as often anymore. I was going by today, though, and I couldn’t pass up the opportunity to say hi.”
He was about to formulate an escape plan when a nurse came in and beamed at the two of them, Steve basically pinning a squirming Tony down on the table.
Okay, I can explain! I uh got busy with college and completely forgot that I had two unfinished works just chilling. I'm sorry! If you're someone returning because of this update, holy shit. If you're new, I swear i'll get this finished! I know the update times look really bad, being a year apart and all, but it WILL happen. I already have like 40k of this one written so I only have to write a little more before it's finished. Expect a weekly update until I catch up to myself! At that point I'll let you know how the rest is going.
“Get up, Tony! Please, you’ve gotta get to a Shield ‘jet, you’ve gotta get outta here!” The good captain hauled him to his feet, and once they were both sure Tony’s legs could hold his weight, shoved him in the direction he’d been going. “GO! We’re fine, we’ll be alright!” Was the last thing he said before Tony began to run again, though slower in his disorientation. Sharp debris cut his skin as he tried to steer clear- too slow to avoid the fast paced environment. He was dizzy, and spooked at the way Steve was acting. Captain America
Tony was about ready to lick the container clean when Steve plucked it from between his paws and snapped the lid back on it.
“He’s just-” Bruce started, but Tony wasn’t having it. He threw the pillow down and stalked towards the staircase to hide out in his lab. He had a shower and a small linen closet full of spare clothes, so he didn’t see a need to stomp past Steve’s room lest he do something ‘impulsive’ and ‘reckless’ like breaking down that douchecanoe’s door and punching him right in the face.
.” She snapped, and seemingly against her better judgement, led them inside.
OMG so this isn't a chapter, but the chapter is going up in a few minutes so don't worry. SOMEONE DREW ART!!! Please behold this piece done by trashtalkingtony over on tumblr- feel free to check them out! This is from a scene in the previous chapter- once again, thank you SO much trashtalkingtony for gifting me (and the readers) with this drawing!! <3 (excuse that it's rotated sideways, i have it oriented correctly in my files but tinypic refused to cooperate when generating the image url)
of a workable situation. If he’d still had his damn collar, he could have explained the best way to handle the problem- but instead, he would be locked up inside and forbidden from getting involved.
“Well, don’t let him see your master bathroom. That tub is the size of my pre-war kitchen.” Steve padded over to join them, where Peter was watching them gather in front of him with alarmed interest. Tony bunted Steve’s face with his head, and they both accidentally started up a purring-bunting-feedback-loop, which lasted until everyone had gathered and Clint practically smacked Tony in the eye with his tail. Steve leaned back and gave Clint a Look, but Tony shook himself out and dialed down the purring.
At this point the others were almost vibrating with restraint, looking back and forth between Loki and Tony. They couldn’t attack without putting their teammate in danger.
The thought made Tony’s blood boil.
“Any news on Tony? It’s getting dark out. If he’s still wandering the streets, at night…” Natasha trailed off, since they didn’t need her to elaborate for them to get the picture. Steve felt a spike of anger flare up in his chest.
Tony rolled onto his stomach and pushed himself into a sitting position, waiting for the light-headedness and nausea to pass. Steve reached into a duffel by his feet and pulled out a tupperware container full of food and smiled.
Thor had been out of the house more often than not, returning to sleep and hang out with them on occasion. Apparently Loki
“Coyote.” Nat said, and Clint snapped his fingers.
“Ready to go? I’m actually surprised you would want to go out so early. Maybe we should start letting you out in the yard more often.” Steve said, clipping on the leash and leading them outside and down the driveway with Tony nearly dragging Steve in his excitement.
“JARVIS, make a note: 10:46 a.m. on a Sunday, which in the Stark household is deemed ‘catch-up day’, I voluntarily am eating and drinking something that is
Tony would have loved to give Steve a piece of his mind, but he could only growl. That got him a glare as they walked back down the hallway and Tony sighed.
didn’t seem to care. He was almost vibrating with frustration, hands fisted and jaw set. Steve tailed Tony through the whole house all the way into the basement, right down to the doors of the workshop.
