"Mary!" John called from down the street. He had found a cab. Mary smiled and gave a little wave, leaving Sherlock alone on the bench to watch as they entered the car and were driven away. He sat for a minute contemplating everything that had occurred during that reunion before slowly getting up. Walking home seemed the best option right now. He needed to be alone. Properly alone. There was too much of a chance that even the driver could try to talk to him if he went in a taxi. But it would take too long to get to Baker Street from here anyway. He set off towards the flat, walking slower than he normally would have done. The need for sleep had finally caught up with him as he  ambled along, but some other needs, that he hadn't felt in quite some time, started making themselves present too.
Sherlock looked at his watch. ten past five. Lestrade should be on the way to his car by now, unless he was staying late. He took the gamble, and headed down the ramp to the car park under the building. He could hear Lestrade walking along. He could still recognise Lestrade's walk. Good. A flicker of pride crossed him and left an echo of a smile on his lips as he slowly advanced, keeping to the shadows. It surprised him when Lestrade stopped, patting his pockets, looking for something. It was obviously not his keys, they were in his trouser pocket. He'd heard the unmistakable jingle near the start of this bizarre routine.
"You've been rather preoccupied this evening," He started with a grin, raising a brow as he glanced back at John, "You must be thinking of some pretty lady. Perhaps the next Mrs. Watson?"
“What?” The dog walked away to the kitchen.
John's receptionist, Mary, had married shortly before he closed his practice and he was thankful for her services. Sadly, she was murdered two years later while being in the wrong place at the wrong time. It wounded him to have found her body when Sherlock had been called to the case.
“Think, John.” He breathed before leaning forward and capturing the stunned therapist's lips.
He jolted and glanced at the time. It was indeed eight fifty-seven. He closed his browser, made sure his desk and himself were presentable before he made his way to the door. He ushered in his client and made his way to his desk, asking his usual questions.
“Indeed it was, Dr. Watson.” Sherlock replied as he made his way to the door. He sent him a wink before leaving entirely.
“Do I want to ask what kind of experiments?”
Sherlock had become a consulting detective and worked with Lestrade on most cases, and on those cases Sherlock had to live with his phone ringing non-stop due to his brother wanting to 'check up' on him and then request Lestrade so he could make sure Sherlock wasn't being a bother.
"Chocolate cake."
School is a waste of my intellect. What are you doing?
The brilliant sea-foam eyes pierced him as they stared at him fiercely, "Oh, cut it. We both know I'm not here because I want to be, that I'm forced to be here, and nothing you can say or do will change who I am."
Sherlock glanced in his direction, “I do.”
"It was a pleasure, Mr. Holmes." John said as he shook the others hand at the end of the session.
“Where are the papers?”  Mary asked.
“You're not old enough to smoke. You do know what you're doing to your health, right?”
“What does it matter?”
“To what question?”
Asking me on a date? Should I feel flattered? I finish at five.
“I had a feeling you would need it. Brother dearest called me to complain while I was amidst an experiment. I was displeased, obviously, and told him such, but he just didn't care and kept on going and I can definitely say I do not want to hear what Lestrade can do in the bedroom. Ever. That's not something I wish to know and I would like to delete it from my mind as soon as possible lest I see him prior to it and get the vivid imagery back. I wish I could have just hung up, and I did, I assure you, but he just kept calling back until I picked up. I really wish he would get friends to complain at for I simply do not care.”
Sherlock pulled back, his hair messy and wild, his eyes glittering fiercely as he muttered out, “My brother is the government. I can make him pull strings to hide this until next year if it's needed. After all, I have leverage against him.”
Watching crap telly.
"Sugar stimulates the mind. Best thing. Can I have a cola with that? Thanks."
“Ugh…” John groaned. Gladstone hopped on the couch at that moment; the blonde was startled “You're bored too.”
Sherlock looked down at him; for once a bashful expression rather than an arrogant one was on his face. He smiled and put a hand on John's shoulder and nodded, "Yes."
“You deserve someone so much better than her. I mean, you didn’t do a damn thing wrong!”
The sudden change in subject startled Sherlock, who muttered out, “Seventeen.”
“How have you been today?” John asked, “Probably had a better day than me.” He smiled, thinking of Sherlock. He had never be attracted to a client before but Sherlock was different. John heard the phone ring so he got up and grabbed his phone, “Oh no” He groaned as he looked at the caller ID. He took a deep breath.
Sherlock was waiting outside the lobby for John to come out. The blonde doctor walked out and saw the brunette standing before him. John walked in the direction of the road and Sherlock walked up next to him.
He found a crime show and watched it, cuddling up with his dog. He couldn’t focus on the show so he turned it off. He looked at Gladstone and got up. He went to his bedroom and laid down drifting off to sleep as Gladstone joined him on the bed.
She hit the intercom button and waited for the reply before stating,  “Your ten o'clock has arrived.”
He had spent the majority of the night with the teen, just walking aimlessly down streets, talking and just getting along. Friendship. They had become friends. His lonely mind was just taking that new found affection and turning his mind weird. He wasn't attracted to- Oh, who was he kidding. He was bloody attracted to that boy.
"I.. don't know how to kiss. Never have."
John stared at him, his mouth open in shock.
He made his way down the body and lowered his head, his ears ringing with the deep, enthralling moan that escaped the teen. He slowly worked the others erection...
“Hello?” John answered as pleasantly as he could.
John knitted his brows together as he thought over the night before. It hit him. He had asked to borrow his phone. He tilted his head back and groaned silently. The bugger had messaged himself didn't he. He went into his 'sent' messages and found one to the unknown number that was now known as Sherlock's.  He shook his head and saved it to his memory as 'obnoxious git' before sending a text back.
He stood up as the clock struck ten and made his way to the glass door and opened it, "Mr. Holmes?"
“No problem. Just, one more thing."
John's face was resting on his desk by the time ten o'clock came around. The client prior to Sherlock was one of the more taxing ones he had to listen to. Another violent conspiracy theorist was after Sherlock and he really wasn't looking forward to having two in one day. At least it was a short day because of that; finishing at two in the afternoon rather than five when he had non-violent cases.
“It's his last appointment so I was just going over everything with him. Thank you for coming, Mr. Holmes, I hope my service was to your liking.”
That's very unrealistic. My brother wants me to stop fiddling on my phone.
“Good, because I was going to call you that anyway.”
Let's meet up. I need to get out of here. SH
Well, that's my job. I'm actually technically violating
The blonde gasped slightly before murmuring, “Lestrade?”
“Yeah, I brought take out.”
“Brilliant.” John murmured, smiling in the teens direction as he started eating his chips, muttering about their lack of ketchup momentarily.
He pocketed his phone again and pretended to write stuff down as he felt her eyes slide to him and then to his hands.
He quickly turned around and stared at the person calling him. His therapist.
“Leverage?” He whispered, his voice giving away his impure thoughts at the moment as he panted with need, staring up through his lashes at the taller man in his lap.
"You saw that?"
“So do I, thanks for stopping by.” John said.
“When they get there sign them immediately, you worthless piece of shit.” She then hung up.
John's eyebrows raised to his hairline as he stared at the serious teen in front of him.
He bit his lip as he accepted the truth and let his hand work their magic on his lonely, aching need.
John looked baffled over the text but slipped his shoes and coat on before walking outside. He saw the teen smoking while impatiently waiting. He started to wonder how Sherlock knew his address, but then again the teen was smart.
John heard the clock chime when it hit five o’clock; he smiled and grabbed his coat, exiting the office. He walked out to the lobby and saw Sherlock waiting outside.
He smiled at her tersely, “Please, continue.”
"Your wife must not be happy with you."
"You're not so bad. I can teach you how, among other things. If you'd.. let me?"
He pushed playfully at Greg, the two chuckling before Greg left. John locked the door before heading to his wardrobe and changed into his pajamas. He settled into bed, trying to sleep but he just couldn’t stop thinking about today.  He mostly thought of his client, Sherlock Holmes, the teenager he shouldn’t even be attracted to. John figured he must be that lonely to be attracted to his seventeen year old client. He just shrugged it off and lay in bed going to sleep with Gladstone lying next to him.
“How old are you.”
He paid for it with his brothers credit card and took them. He went to leave when he felt a grip on his arm, “Sherlock Holmes?”
"I saw you with some young fellow. Anything I should know?" John nearly spat out his tea.
"I'd like steak and mashed potatoes." John ordered, putting his menu down to the side. He glanced at Sherlock who put his down as well.
He looked up and saw the teen was far in the distance and ground his teeth before setting off at a run to catch up to the other, whom, when he caught up panting for air, was looking straight ahead with a devilish smirk on his full lips.
“He should have known that my brother would be secretive. That is his job after all.” Sherlock sniffed, glancing out the window with a look of disdain. “The fact he even got with my brother is troubling.”
“How can you get bored?” the doctor asked curiously after getting tired of the silence.
John nearly choked as he glanced up at the woman who was trying to look at him in a flirtatious manner. He coughed, looked away nervously before quickly glancing at her.
“Do you have a place in mind?”
John sighed and made his way back to his desk where he sat down and shuffled through the files before starting his introductory session.
“Thank you, Mary.”
John glanced to the side, "Sherlock- I mean, he asked me to dinner so.. I took him there? Uh... He's a patient I just happened to bump into? Uh.."
Though...
“Yeah, sure.” The call disconnected.
“To tell me to sign the divorce papers. Didn't have to ask me twice.” John told him, serving up the food.
“Yeah, why wouldn’t I?” John asked annoyed, “Now, what do you want?”
"What about it?" He sipped his tea.
Pants filled the room; clothing was strewn across the floor along with papers, files, keyboard and desktop monitor. Everything was on the floor. The desk was occupied by the two men in heated passion. Sherlock lay flat on his back on the desk; his feet resting against the edge as he carefully moved his hips rhythmically. His silk shirt was opened and caught on his shoulders as he held the man above him steady. John let out a wanton gasp as their hips met once again, his blue shirt hanging off one shoulder, his hair mussed and face flushed over the exertion and excitement of possibly being caught by his receptionist or next client. He suddenly lunged himself forward, his hips snapping to get the others length further into him as his hands tangled themselves in the curly hair and the two kissed each other, mouths opened and gasping for air until Sherlock gave out a low groan as he came, filling John’s inside with his release. John lay atop him, his erection throbbing between them as he moved to get off the other, whom gasped due to his penis being overly sensitive now.
He panted into the kiss in excitement as his hand closed around the throbbing erection of the teen. He pulled back and stared at the long, angled face, the fierce eyes and the white teeth pressing into the full bottom lip in desire as he slowly pumped the others shaft.
John stared at the phone blankly before a smirk curved his lips.
Inside Sherlock went to pay for the bill while John got his coat; he took a deep breath, his mind wandering to his dream. John shrugged the thought away as Sherlock came back, “Let’s go.”
“Boring. History. Annoying.” Sherlock answered in his clip manner while picking at the chair he was on.
A tall, lithe man stood up, his features nearly incandescent in the halogen lights of the waiting room. He glided towards him and he outstretched a hand, "I'm Dr. Watso-"
They left the restaurant and were making their way down the street towards John's flat. The two were quiet, enjoying the comfortable silence between them. The light down the street turned green  and Sherlock jolted. He quickly ushered John to the side, glanced over his shoulder before he placed both hands on John's shoulders and swooped down, kissing the other man. John's eyes widened, his pulse quickened as did his breath. He went to raise his hands to brace himself on the teen when he pulled away, looking in the direction a car passed in.
John took a deep breath as he got into his flat and Gladstone stared at him.
“Is he always like that?” Lestrade asked, looking at the chubby redhead whom was glaring at the closed door with a look of dismay before muttering, “Unfortunately.”
John was walking Gladstone in the park as he thought about his relationship with Sherlock. Well it wasn't really a relationship yet. He wasn’t sure how Sherlock felt about him; he knew how he felt about Sherlock, but the brunette was only seventeen. Most seventeen year olds were in and out of relationships. Sherlock wasn’t a normal teen and had never been in a relationship. So far they had only kissed once and mostly just spent time together; it was better than being alone in the flat. John liked his alone time and being with Gladstone but he still needed a human companion.
"Oh, hey, John. About time. This coffee is horrible, just so you know."
John woke up and saw the afternoon sunlight filter into the room, he looked at the clock and laid his head back on the pillow. He groaned as he felt a throbbing in his groin area; he ignore it, trying to go back to sleep since he didn’t have to work today.
When you borrowed my phone, eh? Shouldn't you be in school?
Must I explain it? -SH
He settled into his desk at work, pulling out the files of his clients that day and flipping through them to put them in the proper order of appointments. He pushed them to the side and glanced at the clock. He still had about a half hour before his first client should show up so he opened up his computers browser and began surfing the net aimlessly. It wasn't very professional, but if he didn't occupy his mind it would continue to linger on his dream.
John pocketed his phone and stood up, turning off the telly. He grabbed his coat and quickly left his flat, a spring in his step as he made his way to the restaurant. Once he arrived, the tall teen came into view dragging on a cigarette. He blew the smoke into the atmosphere before walking towards him with a blank expression.
He sighed, glared at the ground as he contemplated following the obnoxious git or just going home. He weighed both options and decided he'd rather follow this eccentric teen than go to his lonely apartment with a bag of crisps to watch crap telly.
Yes. See you at five in the lobby. -SH
"Chocolate cake? For dinner?"
Really now? So far there's an affair, the Scottish detective is dying and
“Y…yeah, just thinking…”
John went to ask how when the other cut him off with, “You glanced in the direction of your house before hurrying after me. It's not rocket science, Doctor”
“I should pay this fellow a visit.” He murmured, dropping the files on his table before getting up and making his way to his bedroom. A few hours sleep and he'll be right to test this bastard.
"Shall we?"
“You knew I would follow you, didn't you.”
John just smiled and shook his head, “I don't even get why you're still here. There's no reason for it. Sure, you have most definitely mental issues- don't give me that look, we all do- but there's no reason to come to a corrective therapist. Your brother is really extreme.”
Lestrade walked up to the pale man and outstretched a hand, “I'm Greg, you are?”
“Informative experiments that will be of major help with solving crimes the police are too stupid to see.” Sherlock answered.
Sherlock glanced up to see an average sized male with grey hair standing in the doorway of his room with a harried looking butler- whom scampered off quickly.
“I.. Need to take care of you.” Sherlock murmured, sitting up on the desk and looking at the smaller mans erection.
“He has a... thing.. for your friend.” Sherlock whispered, moving forward to nuzzle John's neck.
John looked at him expectantly and he rolled his eyes, “Yes. They don't give a care. Trust me, I could be a prostitute and they wouldn't care as long as I didn't tarnish their name.”
“Overbearing.”
"Sorry about that, that was my broth-"
“He loves him, you know? I had to listen to details I don't even want to think of when he got too drunk. I had to take him home before coming here, so this meal.. Thanks.”
Listening to someone complain I bet. - SH
“You’re calling me to tell me that.” John remarked.
“Grey hair, recently divorced.”
during someone else’s. But I doubt you'd tell, now would you?
“So, um… you all right?” Greg asked.
“Alright.” He hung up the phone and glanced at the clock; he had a few minutes before he'd have to get him.
John quickly looked up, snatching a notebook that was in the shelf above his legs and a pen for such instances. He lifted them, “I am listening. Just keeping track of what you say.”
“So, how was your day? What was your exam on? How's your brother?” John asked between bites of his lunch.
He flicked the cigarette on the ground, stomped on it and snuffed it out with a quick shuffle of his foot. He looked at John and muttered, “Why are you following me? You don't live in this direction, you live in the opposite direction.”
“Of course, it is high school.” John said as the food arrived.
“What does that have to do with anything? It's just drama and child level of classes."
John sighed, giving up trying to go with his usual procedures.
John gestured him inside,  “Mary just hung up on me.”
John sat up, panting for breath. He ran a hand over his face and quickly lifted the sheet. Oh god, his dick was hard, aching and purple. He placed a hand on it, moaning lightly at the pleasure it brought. He got up and went to the bathroom to relieve himself, and while struggling to maintain an accurate aim, he contemplated the dream.
“What's it to you?” Sherlock growled, his manner getting defiant as he made his way into the personal space of the other, “Why is his friend bothering me?”
He froze and put a hand to his face as he realized he was thinking way too much about his client. He shook his head and quickly went about making himself tea. Now was not the time to get attracted to clients, he was far too busy and had no room for romance in his life.
"Please, call me Sherlock." The brunette said with a mysterious smile before he glided out the door and left the building.
He freed one hand and had both wrists in the other; with this free hand he trailed down the long body until it rested at the hair nestling and protecting it's jewels.
"Does that make them exempt from everything, now?" Sherlock sniffed, sulking further into his chair.
“John, please.”
He didn't have to say it twice, she began on another long train of rants and conspiracies. He glanced at the clock. Ten minutes left of this, thank God. His phone vibrated again. He looked to see that she was preoccupied with a sheet of paper in her lap and pulled his phone out again and checked the message.
“Good.” John replied, unwrapping his food and eating it while staring at his client-slash-friend-slash-possibly boyfriend.
“Yes. I'd like to know what you're doing with my friend, John Watson?”
Sherlock just stared at John before taking a large bite of his cake, one brow cocked.
“I could ask the same of you.” He glanced down at his hand and went to say something when a long, cool thin hand pressed against his mouth. With a shush, the brunette nodded towards the door and left out it briskly.
Meet me outside. SH
John stared at the text from an unknown number. SH? He contemplated the initials, ignoring the woman who was still rambling and it hit him. Sherlock Holmes.
“I do believe that is none of your business. Why are you bothering me? It's his choice, not yours. Get out of my house.” Sherlock growled, pushing the man out of his room.
John cocked a brow as he regarded the snotty-nosed brat. "How did you know I was married?"
The woman glowered at him before stomping out of the room. He leaned back in his chair and placed his hands to his face. This was more normal than you'd think, but there was only one client he even associated with outside of work... and he was attracted to him.
John quickly looked up, scared he just chased away the first person he found attractive in a long while. He went to say something when he realised Sherlock was glancing down the street in the distance, his curls hiding his eyes but his pale skin betrayed his embarrassment regardless of the little light cast in the street.
"So, Mr. Holmes, how are you today?"
“Have a nice evening, Dr. Watson.” The receptionist said. John turned and smiled, responding, “You too.”
John stared at him, his eyes wide before he smiled at the teen and leaned forward, brushing his lips to the others lightly.
I'm bored. Entertain me. -SH
The cab stopped in front of Angelo’s. John paid the cabbie and the two males got out; they went in and the waiter seated them. They both flipped through the menu and the waiter came up to fill their glasses with water.
John stared at him and sighed, "Look, I'm just doing my job. What do you want me to say? You can just leave? Well, you can if you want."
“Okay, I probably should go. I have work, but I am here if you need to talk.” Greg offered before leaving quickly.
“I'll keep it quiet.” The receptionist murmured, going to leave.
John's fingers threaded into the curly mess of hair, yanked the now wide-eyed and taken aback teen's head and turned them around, slamming Sherlock forcefully into the wall and stretching up until he was on the tips of his toes and kissed him- hard. His heart palpitated wildly as he felt the tense teen slowly relax and place his hands awkwardly on John's hips. John pulled away and looked up at the other through his lashes.
His brothers nagging was getting on his last nerve. He bit harshly down on his bottom lip, his eyebrows knitted tightly together as his nose crinkled in every possible show of anger possible.
John sighed as he sunk into the sofa. He pulled out the remote and turned on the telly, staring blankly at the drama currently playing. His mind began to wander to his.. Boyfriend? Is that what they were now? Boyfriends? Or were they friends with benefits? But he was still Sherlock's therapist. He hummed and contemplated a bit, but soon pushed that subject away. He thought of the faint blush on the flawless, pale cheekbones, the way his hair curled so unruly but attractively. He glanced to the side, biting his lip. This was bad. He had it really bad. Then he heard his phone buzz.
John went to refuse but the tall teen had already pushed him into the armchair his clients used and sunk to his knees on the carpet. The blonde's head shot back as he cried out over the hot heat enveloping his engorged member. It didn't take long, a few sloppy licks and a pull and he came, folded in half and his hands tangled painfully in the others unruly curls. Sherlock swallowed and stood up, glancing at the door with a look of alarm.
“Does your family know you smoke?”
“Last time I did, you went and visited Sherlock.”
Sherlock cocked a brow in the others direction, "I'm not quite used to people praising me. I must say I like it."
“This is not good for my reputation.” He muttered, pulling his phone out as it vibrated once more.
“Can I help you?” Sherlock asked, his displeasure obvious as he regarded the man.
“How naughty.” The teasing baritone tickled his ears as the door clicked shut behind Sherlock, whom walked up to him with a bag, handing it over.
“Mary, what the hell do want?” he asked.
Sherlock gave him a look of annoyance and he stood up walking up to his desk and leaning heavily on it, his face mere inches from John's.
“I know. I want to find that one person that likes me for me.”
“John Watson. Whatever are you doing here?”
Sherlock ignored him entirely, staring out the window.
John sat watching crap telly while eating dinner when he heard his phone buzz. He picked it up and saw he had a message.
“It's a pleasure to meet you, Mycroft.” Lestrade said, a winning smile on his face as he stared at the short man. “I best be going, I hope to see you again sometime.”
“No good?” Sherlock asked as he sat himself comfortably in the large chair, staring at him in his usual all-knowing manner.
“Fish and chips?” John asked, pulling the paper wrapped lunch out of the bag.
John held back a laugh and raised a hand, placing it amiably on the others shoulder.
John let out a sigh, “Yeah, that would be Greg Lestrade. He must be trying to protect me again.” Sherlock cocked a brow in question. “We have been friends for a while and any time I date someone new he goes and investigates them.”
John went back to his desk and sat down with a long sigh before picking up Mr. Holmes, no, Sherlock's file and putting it away. He leaned back in his chair and pulled out his next client's file. He groaned as it was a notorious attention-seeker and complainer. He would give anything to have Sherlock the whole day, even when he was being a jerk, anything was better than most of his clients.
“You will find that one person. Maybe you already did and don’t even know it.” Both men smiled, John ate the meal. He couldn’t help but think of Sherlock. He didn’t know what it was about Sherlock he liked.
“Aren’t you in a private school?”
“Oh? What did she want this time?” Greg asked.
"When your mind surpasses both your peers and teachers, what is there to bother learning?"
“He was fine. Mycroft is driving him a bit mad with the secrets and they got into an argument.” John replied, tucking into his steak with gusto.
“The divorce papers in the mail.”
“Nope.”
“Finger nail marks in the wood, torn fabric on the arm rests. These weren't there last week and you can smell the wood so the fingernail marks are quite fresh.”
Sherlock stayed silent, but gave him one of his knowing looks before continuing down the road.
“I don't know. You tell me.”
"Yes, but that was one of the most influential women in England, Mr. Holmes."
With a sniff and a shrug, he quickly squared his shoulders and entered the nearest corner store. He made his way up to the counter and muttered, “B&H Silver, please.”
“I'm not going anywhere.”
“My brother put me here as punishment. I wonder what his face would look like if he knew exactly how I deal with my therapist.” Sherlock replied, a mischievous smile playing on his lips as he chuckled to himself.
“My friend?” John looked at Sherlock, confused.
John refused to say anything and continued to eat his food in silence.
My brother is being annoying. What are you doing? I'm bored. SH
Sherlock pulled away, glanced at the computer, then back. “We have a half hour. That's more than enough time from my calculations and experiments.”
Sherlock cocked a brow and stared harshly at him, “My therapist? What about him?”
"I'm.. sorry.."
John let out a small groan and a tongue made it's way into his mouth. Sherlock climbed onto the desk and braced himself on the armrests of John's chair, sliding closer until he was in the therapist's lap. John moved away quickly and gasped out, “Sherlock! I'm your therapist, you're a minor, and I can loose my job and get thrown in jail!”
"Yes, you will. You can't escape this conversation forever!"
John went and sat down in his chair. He turned the telly on and channel it was on was airing a crime show. He didn’t feel like going out to get food. The blonde eventually grabbed his wallet and cell phone, along with his keys. He stepped out of the flat and locked the door; he started walking towards the corner store. He'd get something to snack on and just go get take out later like he always did.
“Greg.” John was surprised.
he has a harsh past that he's trying to atone for. Cliche.
John arrived home from work. He lived in a one bedroom flat that he had rented shortly after his wife kicked him out. It had been at least two months since she filed for divorce, he was glad it was going to be over quickly; the sooner she was out of his life the better. He looked around and found his bulldog, Gladstone, laying on the bed. He smiled and went over to the bed, sitting down and petting Gladstone.
"Hey, long time no see!"
Today, however, was their ten year anniversary. He never expects Sherlock to remember, let alone care, for such frivolous things. The man was definitely not normal, but that's what made him amazing to begin with, so imagine his surprise when he came home to a nice meal prepared on the table.
He pulled out the folder of information that was given to him at the booking and sipped at his tea. He sighed as he put a hand on the file, staring at the age; seventeen. "What do I look like, a rich-kid juvenile facility?" He muttered.
Lestrade leaned back in his chair, rubbing his eyes after hours of research. He pulled away from his laptop and made his way into the den, sitting down heavily on the sofa and flipping through some of the papers he printed. Sherlock wasn't a hard name to find due to it's obscurity, and with his connections and such he had found out the address of this Sherlock Holmes that his friend seemed to be wrapped up in.
“You look worried. You want to talk?”
“John, I got to go I have to get up in the morning for work.”
“Brother was bothering me.” Sherlock said, “Oh, your friend visited me.”
“Enough. I'm going out.” He growled out, standing abruptly from the couch and stalking out of the house and into the cool night air.
They got to the road and Sherlock hailed a cab. Sherlock got in first and John followed.
“John.” A voice said, he turned and saw his friend.
protocol by talking to a client outside of appointments while
John stared at the screen perplexed, keeping it in his hand as he tuned back into the woman's rambling, which was something having to do with being sure her neighbour was stealing her dogs food and giving it to aliens. The phone vibrated.
This stopped the teen cold who pulled away and stared at him, his eyes fierce as he growled out, “I have never been attracted to a single person in my life until I met you. I didn't even get erections outside of the morning kind. I've seen women naked, men naked, and not even a stir. I look on clinically detached to everyone. Everyone, but you.”
“What's going on here?”
That's the other thing. He was now Sherlock's partner not just at home, but in crimes as well. As a psychologist and a doctor, he could help the genius mind of his companion with the cases.
John knew why his soon to be ex-wife wanted the papers signed so quickly; she was to be married in a month to the man she had left John for. John went to the kitchen and opened the fridge. He stared and closed the door.
John surprised Sherlock by grabbing him by the collar and dragging him along to a quiet takeaway place, with Mary in tow. They stood there, all ordering cans of coke so they could stand inside without getting kicked out. The silence stretched for five minutes. Once again, Sherlock was sensing the awkwardness and felt the need to lighten the situation.
"I'm Mary." Sherlock took her hand briefly.
"He was completely destroyed by your death, Sherlock!" He was yelling right in his face now. Sherlock tried his best not disappear into himself.
Sherlock left 221B  with an hour before He could see John.  He took a deep breath, cleared his head, and planned out a route. It would only take fifteen minutes. Damn. That would give him too much time to think. Mentally apologising, both to himself and to John,  He went to find Lestrade. This is not how he had planned. He would have liked to start his return by telling the person he was closest to that he was back, but it seems he would have to wait. He kicked himself for not asking Mycroft for where he was
"Oh, am I really the only one here who doesn't think this is funny?
"Who else?" Sherlock looked down at his hands.
"No."
"That's right, Sherlock. We'll get to see him soon," he promised. "Sleep now, darling." Rosie softly babbled as John put her back into her cot. The noise slowed as she drifted off to sleep. Sherlock could only hear John's quiet footsteps now. He was obviously trying to be silent, but didn't quite get there. He sank onto the sofa.
"..no," He said, not being able to take his eyes off the moustache. "Well, we'll have to get rid of that.He looks ancient. I can't be seen to be wondering around with an old man." He dropped the file on to the desk and continued to get ready. Of course, everything to have stayed the same, but he was hoping the change would be smaller. Maybe he would have just started eating bourbons instead of jaffa cakes. But this was too much.
"You're dead." What did John see in this woman? Stating something over again that was obviously false.
"Well, obviously I misjudged it all. I thought he would find it funny!"
"Still. Good to have you back." He went back to grinning and lightly punched his arm. "I bet John was pleased to see you, eh?" Sherlock visibly perked up when he heard mention of John.
"And he did get very sad. He though everyone believed the jealous lord, even his closest knights, so he ran away. The knights were very sad when he had gone. They thought he was never coming back and it scared them. Things stayed broken and no one was able to make it okay. But after a very long time he came back, and all the knights were happy again. They had missed him so much while he was gone that they never left his side again, and made sure he would always stay safe, even from his own nightmares.
Sherlock focused on his breathing for two minutes - although it seemed like hours - before he had control again. He had taken to harming himself after a few months of being on his own. It had helped him control the pain he was experiencing of loneliness. He hadn't felt that before John, but without him, he had felt empty. His hands clenched and the scars from the cuts and burns made themselves known. He hadn't expected to feel a craving to do this again now that he was back. Slowly he unclenched his fists and picked up the bottle for the surface to take to John. One last calming breath before he left the kitchen.
"Yes, promise you won't tell anyone!"
"She called me- She called me dada," he explained, his voice trembling. John visibly relaxed and laughed, going back to hugging him.
"Maybe he would have before, I don't really know how he was before then, but he would have found this funny?" She shook her head. "You must have really destroyed him."
"N-no lon-ey." It never ceased to surprise Sherlock when John put his needs to high up. Of course he had always felt that way for John, but it was astonishing to realize that John acted the same with him. The feeling overwhelmed him and he felt a pricking at the corners of his eyes as he tried to come to terms with this information. He had taken three deep breathes before John started gently telling a story to Rosie.
"I know Sherlock, but it doesn't mean it wouldn't happened," he laughed. He kissed his surprised face, still laughing. He slowly composed himself and cleared his throat slightly before continuing.
"He has a dinner reservation in the Marylebone Road." That was enough. Mycroft continued, but Sherlock had to plan now. What would be the best way?
"You have no idea how it's been Sherlock," she babbled, giving him a run through of everything he had missed in the past two years. "Shame on you for leaving a woman of my age all alone! Of course, you're not all to blame about that. John could have kept coming round, but today has been the first time he's been round in ages. Not that I blame him, really, I get that you going was harder on him than anyone else, but it would have been nice not to have been left alone-"
"Once upon a time, there live an amazing prince. He had magic powers and could fix things much faster than everyone else. A lot of people loved him, but some people were very jealous. You see, one of the lords like it when things were broken, and got upset when the magic prince would turn up and fix things again after he broke them. So he got all the people who were jealous of him together and the started saying mean things about him so that the people who liked the prince would start believing them the prince would get sad.
"I almost called so many times, John, but-" He was cut off by John's quiet laughing. He couldn't help but be reminded of all the times people had laughed at him. He had never thought that John would be one of them. Immediately his defences went up. "Well, I couldn't be sure you would spill the beans," he finished, feigning nonchalance. Mary stared laughing. To be quite honest he had forgotten she was there. But the laugh didn't seem quite the same. Sherlock looked, and it seemed almost as if she knew that he was going to say something else but was shielding himself from John's verbal offence. Maybe she's not as stupid as he had originally deduced.
As soon as he was out of sight and hearing he ran. As far as he could. Which, in his current state wasn't that far, but he had still managed to pass several roads before he had to stop. Breathing was extremely difficult. Not in an out-of-breath-from-running-way either. He found a quiet alley and crouched, trying to control hid breathing. The images still flashed in his mind. He realised he was crying.
"...Greg." Sherlock honestly thought, in the pause that followed, Lestrade was going to hit him. He was even more certain when his right arm swung round. Sure the aim was off, but it didn't stop him from being startled when he felt himself being pulled into a hug.
"He really needs some sleep, you know. Also some food..." John continued babbling to Rosie in a soft voice and Sherlock felt emotions swelling inside him. He knew John worried about his habits in these areas, he could read it on his face, but he had never heard him say these things out loud. He sat up on the edge of the bed, suddenly feeling a small wave of energy hit.
"Now, listen to me." Sherlock's whole body froze, but only for a second. Help had come. He couldn't bring himself to react to Mycroft's presence anymore than that. Of course he didn't listen. He never listened to his big brother. not really. But especially this time. Help had come, but not soon enough.
"Oh, he has brilliant news. He's getting married!" Oh. There it went. Mrs Hudson was still prattling on. Describing everything she knew about John new love, no doubt. But Sherlock wasn't listening. Finally Mycroft's look of pity made sense. Of course he have moved on with his life. Just because Sherlock's would stop if he lost John, doesn't mean it would happen the other way round. No. He had to snap out of this. Be happy for his best friend. That's all they were. He was never his.
When John moved back into 221B with Rosie, Sherlock would sneak the baby monitor into his room once John was asleep.  He was a lighter sleeper anyway, and John was sleeping on the sofa, next to Rosie's cot. John had no idea that the monitor even had batteries in it. It had been a baby shower gift and he'd brought it with him, but didn't need it right now.
"Well, surprise me then."
"I don't understand, I said I'm sorry, isn't that what you're supposed to do?" Mary looked at him with a look of someone who was having an epiphany.
The fourth time was several months later. It was after a case, which had been incredibly simple in the end but had taken a long time to unravel. Sherlock stirred as John got out of bed.
you did it, Sherlock, I want to know
"Yes, just like Sherlock." Sherlock's breath stopped. It seemed almost like John was talking about having a child. Another one... With him. He would be lying if he said he had never thought about it, but he had never dreamed of saying it out loud.Never had he thought that John might the thinking the same thoughts. The floating feeling came back. He fought to control his breathing again. There was some more talking happening on the other end of the speaker, but it was too staticky for him to make out, until-
"...What do you think about that? If a new baby came to live with us?" Sherlock's eyes shot open quickly. He had missed something vital.
"Welcome back Mr. Holmes."
"Oh, yes." John's stillness was starting to worry him now.
"No, there isn't." Only one part of his ensemble was not missing. He turned, ready to ask, when he heard the clicking of Anthea's heels coming down the corridor. A fond smile he didn't know he possessed until that moment spread across his face and he turned, letting her slide the belstaff over his shoulders.
"What do you think of this shirt?"
He gave John a few seconds of silence to compose himself before bringing up the second objective for this meeting.
"I was trying to tell you-"
"Sto-y" she called back quietly. John chuckled softly in return.
" Yes, why. You let me believe, for two years that you were gone. God, not even just me. Everyone thought you were gone. Hell, even Mycroft." John's expression changed to confusion as he saw the look on Sherlock's when he mentioned his brother.
"My god, Sherlock! It took two years for you to do all that?" Lestrade exclaimed. "And no one knew you were alive?"
"Sherlock."
"Oh, no you're.."He turned his face slightly to the sound, but was not able to stop looking at John yet.
"I will find your underground terror cell , Mycroft. Just put me back in London. I need to get to know the place again, breathe it in. Feel every quiver of it's beating heart," Sherlock replied. Mycroft had always been quick to panic. It was nice to know he still had the ability to make his brother do that. In those moments it almost felt like a normal sibling relationship. This time, it was Anthea who replied.
"Can you pinch?"
"That's not what I'm saying, John," Sherlock says patiently.  "My point is, that my assumption, my disregard of what she said about herself at Battersea--"  He notices John gaping and adds, before he has the capacity to form words,  "Yes I was there, and yes, I heard your conversation.  Now, the point is, that I came to the wrong conclusion.  I thought she'd let her heart rule her head, but it eventually transpired that her one mistake was to be herself.  Turned out Molly Hooper was right: 'We all do silly things', and Irene Adler was no exception.  She chose a simple, silly wordplay when constructing her phone password, believing her true silly self was disparate enough from her persona of clever and naughty misbehaviour.  She wasn't lying, as I assumed, though clearly trying to manipulate you, when she told you she was gay.  I was wrong; it wasn't Irene who was '
"Or the state of 'play dead'," Sherlock adds, for accuracy.
He gets off the prone body.
Sherlock huffs and rolls his eyes.  John dabs away an abundance of lather to see the direction of the hair growth.  Then he's lightly pressing a finger to Sherlock's cheek to pull the skin tight for the blade to run smoothly with the grain.  "You don't agree?"
Sherlock bites his lip, he’s holding something back.
Sherlock is not in the room when John returns from breakfast.
"Yeah, any visitor could have nicked it anytime.  Especially Brian."
"And the cardboard box came right before Moriarty's arrest.  The Crown Jewels, John!  Miss Cushing's
, Painted Lady butterflies adorned with black and white spots.
“And I only knew how to conform, to keep a low profile.”
John sniffles and rolls his eyes at his younger self, for giving such advice without understanding how
John starts crying then. Sherlock gets a stubborn lump in his throat when he sees the tears in John’s eyes, his own starting to fill in sympathy.
"Arsonist?"  John's agitation gives way to instant curiosity and interest.
Sherlock makes a face.
“What if I hadn’t been right behind you?”
He finally settles on putting it on the hand in the glass cloche on the shelf behind the telly. It’s very fitting, and off-putting enough to make John not go near it. And if he asks for it, Sherlock can truthfully say it’s in safe hands.
"No bloodshed.  He was only being rough, then flexing the knife to keep me off.  It's just a scratch."
He’d avoided babysitting Sherlock after that, making several excuses. Molly, Greg, Mrs Hudson - no-one blamed him for having his schedule full, with shifts at the clinic and single parenting.
Sherlock grins too.  He wants to kiss John again and bring him back to the crime scene, if only to giggle inappropriately.
Unsurprisingly the boy chasing the seagull soon becomes the target of, one can assume, its even larger mother... and its horde of other family members.
Mr Chamoun had regularly been very willing since Sherlock returned to find John bound for marriage. He was younger than Sherlock, nice looking, well groomed and very well dressed when he wasn’t working. He was kind, polite and openly religious, wearing a cross of gold around his neck, but decidedly not boring to engage with sexually. He was clearly bisexual and, like a majority of the men Sherlock had sought out in his sexually active years, a closeted man with some degree of internalised homophobia.
He’d never had made it to med school without Ted’s timely intervention and constant support.
“How- how are things?”
"Why this fuss?  Buy a coffee then, if you're so chilly all of a sudden."
He leaves before Sherlock enters the room.
He chuckles mirthlessly.
“Would you believe me if I told you my wife left us for months before Rosie was even three months old?”
' is a clue, Sherlock apparently fails to see it.
“There isn’t much to tell. I got shot. The bullet went in back here, and out through the front.”
"Susan Cushing.  The lady who wrote to you asking you to take her case.  Something with strange letters."
Sherlock looks slightly bewildered.  "When was this?"
becoming a vegan guru who treasures every tiny life form?”
Sherlock shakes himself, trying to let go of these meaningless musings.  He's not very successful, though.  "All right," he says.  "Let's catch that train!"
Sherlock starts to open all the envelopes while John takes diligent notes.  It seems the envelopes have been posted chronologically, the postmarks matching the dates of the content.  No surprising patterns there.
He needs to say what he’s been preparing for, all the long night with John away in Chelmsford and him sleeping with Rosie on the sofa. He clears his throat.
“These bricks are set with traditional lime mortar. See? No spots.
He bites down into Sherlock’s trapezius muscle and pulls lightly on his balls. Sherlock gasps and bucks. John uses the thumb of his other hand to tease a nipple. He licks softly over the bitten flesh, the other hand playing gently with Sherlock’s balls. He bites and pulls again and Sherlock moans. He licks and teases. He repeats the bite, sucking hard. Sherlock’s voice rumbles deep.
“Alright.”
He frowns.
She whips her head around at the same time as he realises his mistake.
John gives Sherlock a look, imploring him to make an apology, even though he knows it's a fruitless attempt.
And if Harry had a theme song in her life I think it would have been
"Fuck off, Sherlock!"
"Oh?  Are you planning to confiscate my cigarettes?"
In the middle of the room is a raised marble dais, with two linen mats on top, close together. They are told to leave their slippers, and lay down on their backs. Sherlock flops down on the mat, untangling himself as he’s lying down.
The shock of the, admittedly very logical, execution of Charles Augustus Magnussen. The loss of perceived innocence.
He briefly considers putting it deep into one of Billy’s eye-sockets. But there’s a risk it will fall out if Mrs Hudson insists on being obstinate about dusting the mantel.
They have certainly shared a bed before, but not like this.  Not after a day of intense silences, coupled with intimate relaxation.  Not when Sherlock's been experimenting with John's reactions to certain stimuli.  Not when John's evidently prepared himself for
John's lips are thin and Sherlock can tell he wants to lash out at something.  "I don't give a shit about what you thought you could prove about me with your experiment!  I know where I stand, and you can't
She sighs again, but grabs the box anyway.
Sherlock can't believe how John can be so casual about this.  "What do you mean 'complicated'?  It's the most effective solution.  It's what any criminal mastermind would dream of."
'"  He doesn't get an answer, but still goes to find Sherlock's socks.
Eventually, they decide they have rested enough, and continue to explore the area.  There seems to be something for everyone here, from tattoo parlours, vintage clothing boutiques, antique shops, musical instrument stores, second-hand bookshops and an Italian Gelateria, to erotic shops and psychic readings.  Sadly, they passed the Gelateria in search of a supermarket, since John deemed it necessary to prepare for a lunch at the beach, picnic style.  There's also a plethora of odd handicraft shops, like the one Sherlock is currently waiting outside of, while John's popped into Tesco Express.
"Dear Lord!"  Sherlock rolls his eyes.  "Fetch me my cigarettes, John, I have a sudden
"Sherlock, let's leave!"
The crying catches up, forcefully. He walks briskly down the street, chest burning, turns a corner and doubles over, leaning against a tree. He cries his eyes out for what feels like an eternity.
“Nice to see you, Harry. Uhm, doing well. I’m glad. And I’m sorry about Catherine.”
"My blogger, or should I say, The Poet, has spoken.  All right, The Cardboard Hoax it is."
John is familiar with that stickiness; it’s especially off-putting when he’s about to dump the nappy bin bag and he opens the bin lid. “Oh, I’d always wondered what the bin-man did to the bins to get them that sticky.”
Rosie climbs before she walks.
'?  You're not afraid of having your say, so what's stopping you from telling me off?"
"He said he owes me '
"Hey!  Get out of there!" she says, pounding on the door.
He’d ended up with resignation, had fallen back on familiar ground; soldiered on and done his duties. Smiled when expected, winked when words clogged his throat, and tried to step into ill-fitting boots made for another kind of man.
, behind his back. Gossiping and pitying him and his daughter.
A patch of African lilies grow by the garden stairs, their deep violet blue enhanced by the afternoon sun.
.  Notice the pooling of blood in his feet and hands, Sherlock?"  John carefully lifts the aforementioned foot.  "He's been dead at least twelve hours.  See the bluish purple marbling?"  He presses lightly on the skin of Mr. James' calf, watching it turn white for a brief moment before returning to the indigo hue.  He gently replaces the leg to its former position and checks the fingers.  "The nail beds have pooled blood as well."  He inspects the man's head.  "Pooling in the ear lobes."
"You are brilliant, John," Sherlock says with reverence.  "What if it's just as you said?  What if it's all hyperbole?  What if there is another explanation to how he could break in and let prisoners loose?  What if there is no code?  What if he's only trying to impress me by boasting?  Bait me with his capabilities?"
His attraction, his
Next, they are instructed to turn over onto their stomachs, so John does and lays his head atop his hands, face turned to the side, peering at Sherlock by his side.
The fire brigade has, of course, stomped all over the lawn, leaving a mottle of footprints in the mud created by the mass of water used to put out the fire.
“I know a place, or a situation that could prove to be quite demanding.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
"Okay.  Just seems awfully complicated to me.  But I tap the laptop keyboard with my index fingers, so what do I know of computer codes?"  John shrugs and takes a bite of his abandoned baklava.
"I don't know.  I guess, just this,"  John says, indicating their general surroundings.
Sherlock crowds him, leaning in with all the intimidation his body can exude.
John seems taken aback, as if he's been caught out in a devious scheme.  Was he expecting Lestrade to keep this from Sherlock?  Didn't he want Sherlock to know about his quiet machinations? Why?
, which sadly seems to be impossible to find on the internet.
Mary, though only a figment of his imagination, had spent her last words telling him to get the hell on with becoming that man.
“Hydrate,” says John, opening a bottle and pushing it into Sherlock’s hands. He obliges without protest.
It’s Rosie’s first birthday.
John can taste himself on Sherlock and it could well have been panic inducing, but when he closes his eyes, he doesn’t picture himself scrubbing away the filth. Instead his mind fills with images of himself ejaculating all over Sherlock and then licking him clean.
John heads for the tub, slipping down into the warmth. He lets his head fall back onto the curved headrest, submerged up to his chin. He closes his eyes, relaxing more and more with every deep breath, feeling the water tickle and massage his body. He opens his eyes only to see Sherlock come sauntering through the room, in tight black swimming trunks, clinging to his crotch. He twirls his towel and casually throws it over his shoulders, all his assets on display for John.
Sherlock has mumbled that last sentence repeatedly since the train left Brighton.  This time, he picks up his phone.  "I've looked through these a dozen times since we left Brian's flat."  Sherlock hands his phone over to John.  "I took some photos in the loo, after Donovan burst in.  Please, tell me what you see.  Sadly, it's not good quality.  The lightbulb was terribly weak, and the phone's flashlight was too sharp, only blurring things."
"When," Sherlock says firmly, with a little uptilt in the corner of his lips. "Your optimism is charming, John, but it's 'when', not 'in case'."
On the tip of a horn on the bison skull? No, it’ll catch his attention and make him fret until John’s observation skills improve. Indeterminate waiting.
It's a good thing that they both got a bit of target practice, even though the air rifles aren't really comparable to John's SIG-Sauer.  Sherlock suspects they might appreciate the practise soon.
His mouth is suddenly dry. “If you find someone like that, shouldn’t you marry them?”
“John, breathe,” Sherlock urges.
John had seen it, but hadn’t done anything about it.
He sighs deeply.
At times John’s life still has a little bittersweet taste, but it’s also incredibly full.
“Yeah, I guess.”
John can't be bothered.  He's chilled to the bone from walking in the stormy weather.  He hangs his jeans over the radiator to make them dry faster.
"Why are you doing this?" Miss Badu demands, suspicion in her eyes.
”She fucking
There’s a small sink in the hallway outside the storage room, but something seems off with the plumbing. Someone needs to see about that, he does need running water for his experiments at times.
John is happy he went on the case. It’s brought them slightly closer to normalising their relationship.
"It's
John huffs.
”I exposed her to you. I killed Mary Watson and left you with Rosamund Mary of A.G.R.A.”
It seems like he can’t ever do the right thing.
When John has finished the bandaging, he pinches the nail on Sherlock's thumb to check the circulation, before he secures the end of the bandage at the wrist.  "Sadly, there'll be no violins or guns for you the next four to six weeks."
“The manager has broken the regulations, he’s the one susceptible to bribery.”
"Right."  John turns to Sherlock.  "Was that a clue?"
Sherlock leans back and stretches out his legs, resting his feet near John’s. A slow smile spreads across his face. He’s spotted the cake.
"The body is about to leave the shed," Sherlock informs him.  "I saw the transport arrive."  He grins.  "Anderson is helping them."
To their right, is the blinding reflection of sunlight from the ever moving ripple of waves, continuing beyond Brighton Pier, which is cast in a sharp silhouette. The constructional wonder rises high on a latticework of iron piles and tie rods.  Sea green water is constantly licking the mass of rusty columns, looking like the tree trunks of a dense forest supporting the wider pier-head.  The sound of flags flapping in the wind drifts from the top of the two white towers framing the entrance portal to the amusement arcade.  The sun gleams off its domed metallic roof.
"Ah, right.  And you're positive it wasn't Miss Cushing trying to poison her tenant?"  John's smile is crooked.
, he wants to touch him now, just a little bit. Be close, feel his warmth. Like when Sherlock embraced him in this very room. John longs to touch his skin.
“Well you’re not, so can we please move on? I detest needing to repeat myself.”
“Right, to plug the wings in.”
“Well,” she shrugs. “I mean, Sherlock-”
It really is better now.
"Courtesy of Miss Cushing."  Sherlock smiles, dangling the keys in front of him.  "Catch again!"  He hurls the keys and Sally snags them one-handed.
Sherlock smirks and winks at him.  "Ah, John, the old lady is alive and well.  We'll soon find out if there's any connection between these events."
“Hmmff,” Sherlock had scoffed. “Immature neurological system.”
"I see."  John hovers at the door.  "Well, I guess we're off for today.  Good luck then, Sergeant."
John remembers sitting in Catherine’s kitchen in the afternoons, doing his homework, while Harry sat in the lounge by the telly, humming along to the theme of Follyfoot Farm. That had been more to his liking.
John’s jaw drops.
Sherlock feels like a heavy weight has lifted from his chest.  He feels less like a caged lion.  This changes everything.  There are possibilities now.  Endless possibilities and dangers.
"She's still staying at her sister's," says Greg.
John takes the blow in silence, still defiant.
“What if your judgement is poor? Did you anticipate he would come running back at you, before you went up after him? That he’d try to trip you?”
“You’re right. We were just kids.”
A child, with a sports cap on his head, is sitting on one of the cast iron benches facing the water, eating his fish and chips.  In front of the boy, behind John, is a seagull strutting around on the promenade in search of dropped treats.  Sherlock sees the moment the boy makes the terrible decision to throw some chips at it.  He knows what comes next.
“I have no idea,” Sherlock shrugs happily. “Could be murder, could be the take from a heist. Which admittedly would be very impractical unless someone wants to save it for future relatives.”
John fixes his eyes on him and moves close enough for Sherlock to notice an indiscernible clench of his jaw.
in my life. You give me perspective. And Ella, my therapist, is fierce - you can bet this conversation is going to come up in therapy.”
“It just isn’t true. It’s not a mistake. What I did was unacceptable.”
“I anticipated it, yes. There was a possible probability of marginal damage - which is a
Sherlock nods. He seems to contemplate something, hesitating.
"Ice cream?" he suggests.  "Let's go up on the pier and get some.  Have a look at the FunFair?"
They hardly see each other for two more days, and when John returns home after leaving Rosie at the sitter Sherlock hopes for something. A conversation, a confrontation, anything but this quiet circling. But then John texts his sister and leaves for Chelmsford within half an hour.
“Who?”
"As I told you," John answers calmly, "it's always been a little bit of everything.  I know you like to quantify, but love is love, in my opinion."
Unless you never even start it. Mary had asked him to provide her with prolactin blockers right after birth, to stop lactation. He’d been grudgy, but obliged. It was her body - her choice. He never asked her for justification, and that was proper conduct.
He says it so easily, as if Rosie is just an extension of John. As if John is valuable, not just his blogger, who doesn’t even blog anymore.
Sherlock ignores the question.  "How devilish."  His eyes are alight.  "I was almost fooled by what looked like an amateurish attempt to destroy evidence.  It was clever, oh so clever.  It was a beacon."
“I’m sorry, John,” Harry says sincerely.
'.  He said he'd already told me.  Told me
“So?”
Today, it’s an up-and-coming young man in a posh suit. It’s not as perfectly tailored as Sherlock’s, and the man’s not even near average intelligence.
to deny him. The one time he really tried to resist and fight against it, it ended in disaster.
There lights are low in the warm lounge, just a few tables occupied. John is happy he seems to have booked the right time and day for quiet conversation without too many people milling about.
"Is that the same kind of address sticker?" John asks.
He tries to get Rosie to accept her dummy, but she immediately throws it to the ground. Grunting, he crouches down, a hand on her back, which is unnecessary for support, but feels right to do all the same. He pockets the dummy, wraps the scarf around her back, and starts to hum a low melody, entering the park.
John waits for the penny to drop, but the blank look he gets in return has him sighing internally.
"The shrubbery behind the shed."
Ella makes a note. John doesn’t care.
It contains a birthday card and some very small things rattling about in the folds of the envelope.
Ella’s voice cuts through his jumbled thoughts.
“The only thing straight about me is straight edge,” she’d joked repeatedly.
"That's more personal than receipts," muses John.  "And a little bit more threatening, don't you think?"
"I bet he does," says Sherlock, appalled.
"But if you lot need to sit, by all means, sit, and I'll sit with you," she offers.
Her death was brutal and seemed so unnecessary after the last remnant of A.G.R.A. was shot dead in Morocco. She didn't have to run anymore. She came home.
”Sorry for not being by your side.”
"You're too harsh, Sherlock."  John has returned to the sitting room, amused.  "She's quite an endearing old lady."
Sherlock had come by regularly. He was of course a master at deducing what the baby wanted when John scratched his head in desperation.
Sherlock grabs a handful, letting it sift through his fingers.  He snatches a particularly shiny black stone and inspects it briefly.  Then he abruptly flings the pebble further down the beach, like he's attacking an invisible enemy.
“You’re ridiculous,” John laughs and closes his eyes. If he hadn’t been so thoroughly warmed up, his shoulder would probably have protested from lying down on the firm dais. Now he feels ready for a nap.
And trying with all his might to forget about Sherlock, handing over all the guilt and blaming him for everything.
“I had known since at least puberty, but I hadn’t really
"Good night, Miss Badu," says Sherlock.
”Yeah. No more remorse.”
"Then I think it's time to examine them properly."
Sherlock leans into the foliage, close to the bees, to study their work.  They're busy now, before the cold autumn weather hits, not bothered by a nosey human.  They're buzzing all around his head, the ebb and flow of low vibrations, like the gradual crescendo of strings from Philip Glass'
Harry had a brief stint in the Straight Edge community during one of her many periods of sobriety. Their commitment to live their lives free of alcohol, tobacco and other recreational drugs appealed greatly to her, coming right out of rehab. The punky attitude and raging music didn’t make it less compelling. It didn’t keep her from drinking for any longer period of time, but it left a permanent mark on her life in the form of the Straight Edge X-symbol in ink on her forearms.
This catches Sherlock's attention.  "And?" he prompts.
John is adamant Sherlock’s fibbing should never be repeated.
John leaves off, sighing.  "No, no, he wasn't prying, he simply suggested she'd mattered to you.  And I told him I'm not sure you feel things that way, but the way you reacted to Irene... well... "
“Have you talked about it? With Sherlock?”
For that reason, he orders John a new baby carrier, since Rosie has outgrown the previous one by four pounds. John hasn’t noticed that yet, but Sherlock has found that he's less grudging about forgiving other people's lack of observational skills than he used to, especially when it's John. He can see it’s still very practical for John to be able to lull his daughter to sleep on his chest, rocking her while still being able to move about with his hands free. The new one is more accommodating for both of them, allowing John the freedom to carry his daughter for longer periods of time, and flexible enough to also enable him to carry her on his back. It will be excellent on a case. That is, if John will ever agree to bring his daughter along during such activities.
In the morning John is stiff and sore, and he feels a headache creeping in.
“Doesn’t mean I can abuse you without consequences.”
Sherlock hasn’t let go of his hand. He pulls John closer.
“John, I would like to talk more about this the next time we meet. I think it would be good if we booked another session this week.”
"Yes?" Sherlock breathes, standing his ground.  His phone buzzes again, and he's inclined to pick it up just to throw it deep into the shrubbery.
"Great!"  Sherlock says, putting on a grin and then instantly dropping it.  "You've basically confirmed John's hypothesis--death by pickles.  Only, someone tried to burn them during the night, so we can't assume it was a mere accident.  Someone other than Brian James and Miss Cushing had access to the cupboard where he stored the pickles.  There's something more sinister going on with these!"  He shoves the jar into Molly's hands.
He makes Molly do the dirty work.
It’s definitely time for a cooling dip in the plunge pool.
"No, I've been trying to tell you that it's irrelevant
“And I promise I won’t ask you to,“ he says firmly.
“Right,” she sighs. “because I’m not reliable.”
"John, there's white lilies and roses. The blooming would be over weeks ago, but I'm positive those are lily stalks."
It’s only when John stops kissing his way down towards his shoulders that Sherlock realises, too late, what he now has an unobstructed view of.
Sherlock opens his eyes. His face contorts and his body tenses up. When he cries out, John swallows that sound, plunges his tongue deep inside, feeling his finger being clenched in pulses and the soft wash of sperm covering his hand. They’re still, panting into each others mouths. John doesn’t dare to move.
Sherlock lets out a pillar of smoke into the air above him. "I'm ready to leave anytime.  It's more than obvious we're not welcome here."
"That could be attributed to fear and anger as well."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you?”
“Doesn’t make Dad’s actions not abuse, though. He managed to scare the shit out of me anyway.”
"Yes, fair enough," Sherlock accepts, the corners of his mouth tugging up into an unstoppable smile.
“Hey, John.”
"I'm Susan, my younger sister is Sarah.  Don't worry, you're not the first to mix us up."
It hadn’t stopped him from self harm, though. Before Mary. As in sleeping pills and too much alcohol.
He needs to do something. He knows it’s wrong to blame Sherlock for being reckless. He’s told Sherlock he didn’t cause Mary’s death, but it’s not enough. He’s not sure Sherlock understands. He can’t understand what a pitiful man John is. If he did, he wouldn’t keep asking him to go on cases. How can Sherlock trust him after what he did?
"Exactly.  What a cunning, devious plan."
, he reminds himself, Ella’s voice echoing in his head,
The way Sherlock said it suggests... something. John’s thoughts go astray. He’d surely like to hold Sherlock down, in general. But not then -
John’s scrambling.
"Yeah, married to your work," John agrees.  "Let me see the other side."
. A shitty, shitty human being.
"Oh.  No wonder I dismissed it."
All he can do is to breathe her in. The familiar scent of her shampoo, the warmth of her skin, soon to fade away. The only traces of the mother of his child, ripped away too soon. Leaving him alone. Alone with his life in ruins.
Sherlock sits down right next to John, their thighs touching.
"I don't care if Sarah Cushing has confessed, there's something I need to rule out.  When you interrogate her, you need to find out if she had help.  If she consulted someone.  No.  No, just do it and let me know what comes up.  I'll tell you when you have something for me.  Goodnight Greg."  Sherlock hangs up, and takes a drag on his wilting cigarette.
“Okay, enough with the flatter, I told you I won’t be your new babysitter.”
A silence falls, and John doesn’t get up out of the chair.
Sherlock sniggers again, threading their fingers together.
"Well I haven't studied them all. But, I did bring out my magnifier to have a look at a few of them," she says with a wink.  "Like a proper detective."
John chuckles, briefly stunned.  "Why the hell didn't you say so from the start, then?"
John grabs Sherlock’s posh shirt, waltzes him backwards until he stumbles over the armrest of his chair, making him sit down. John sits back in his own chair, taking in the mess that is Sherlock Holmes, the wondrous man stripped of all his masks and mannerisms, all those walls of rudeness and indifference completely shattered. The silky fabric of his shirt is wrinkled, even a few buttons undone. He looks bereft, slumped in the chair, his eyes searching John’s face.
"Are you quite done with your self-pity? Have I punished you enough so you can get on with forgiving yourself?"
...  if you feel the same way I do?"
. The guilt is still there, though.  Stronger in the middle of the night after a few too many brandies.  "I've overstepped," he manages, his voice quavering.  "I'm pushing you for things you're not ready to share, while all I really want is to not be left out.  That's what's important to me."  He sniffs and wipes at his eyes.  "The rest is irrelevant."
John doesn’t follow. They’ve had safety gates in place since Rosie started crawling. “What safety measures?”
Because she’ll question him, push him until he actually verbalises it, making it real. And then he needs to do something about it.
He decides to keep Mary’s long winter scarf. It’s practical and can be used for Rosie’s pushchair when it’s cold, instead of languishing in a box. He also keeps the dress she wore on that fateful night when he was supposed to propose, only to be interrupted by Sherlock. It was the last time things with her were uncomplicated. It has the beauty he saw in her, the grace she bestowed upon him, helping him survive the grief. And it’s symbolic for what he wanted to do that night, and what he’s about to do next.
John doesn't miss the shift in Sherlock's demeanour.
John's perplexed.  "Like, did my homework?  Learned my lesson about hormonal impact?"
Mr Chamoun had been an exception, with his quiet ways and unrelenting dominance. He wasn't fooled by Sherlock's antics, was almost impossible to provoke. That's why Sherlock, after many years of abstaining from sexual activity, had found that this was a man he'd like to see repeatedly.
They step out onto the roof.  The view is stunning, as always.
John kisses him, plunging his tongue deep, while caressing the inside of Sherlock’s thighs, making him tremble.
John scrolls through the pictures.  Enough cleaning products to conceal a murder, a lone silverfish in the shower, dirty laundry in a pile.
“Why are we here then?”
The last tomatoes of the season still hang on to the stems, mottled green.
“Cool off a bit?”
“Is that why you call yourself captain?” Sherlock squints at him, a small smile playing on his lips. He seems to be inquiring about something John can’t quite put his finger on.
They walk a few rows over, past a sweeping oak tree.
“You do?”
"Yeah," John chuckles. "You probably would have.  But, now she's likely had a murder in her house.  What if we could have prevented it?"
The only thing he blames Sherlock for, is not seeing through Mary’s facade. Why hadn’t he seen it from the start? Why hadn’t he revealed her until after she had revealed herself? When John failed to see it, when he was duped, why couldn’t Sherlock have seen? And done something about it. Sparing them so much more sorrow.
"Presumably, yes," John says, pointing to just under the man's jaw.  "There's no vibices or tardieu spots, no ligature marks."
.  Please," Sherlock breathes.
Sherlock can't help but smile.
Sherlock blinks at the sudden change of topic.  "Who?"
John tries to imbue his voice with kindness as he asks the long-standing question:  "Why do you need to be alone?"
“Yes, we’ll eat soon. First, we’ll look for dry bark on the ground. Let’s go!”
"Well, I don't want company when I'm finishing up the report."
“No. He won’t listen once he’s set his mind to something. Basically I stay around, ready to intervene, do something drastic.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes in frustration.  "You've been doing nothing else for the past few days!"
"No, no, no. We're not playing that game,” he says, but he stands up all the same.
Harry had glared at him, shrugged, walked out the door, nonchalantly throwing a scathing comeback behind her:
"Could we have a peak?" asks John, in a much lighter tone.  He places the plastic box on the table.
John ponders this for a moment.  "Well, I can't really argue with that."
"Sherlock, I'm sorry, but you need to get out of there. The funhouse is closed to the public. Anderson has dibs on the shed and the body."
This has been a very long time coming.
He snorts at that. She lets him go and sits back, studying him.
"We're in bloody South Croydon, we're already nearly one third of the way to Brighton.  There's a train station nearby.  I saw it from the cab."
"What if they were running a pickle club together?  You know, like 'first rule of pickle club... you do not talk about pickle club'."  Sherlock's face is blank.  He must have deleted
How could Sherlock have missed that? Had he ignored it?
Since she doesn't seem prepared to flee, John soon lowers his gun and puts it away at the back of his jeans.
John gets up to collect the bamboo canes they found in the shed, and Harry brings out the cord she found in Catherine’s craft box with macrame supplies. Harry shows John how to prune the tomato plants, and they stick the bamboo canes into the ground and bind up the plants against them with macrame cord.
Molly faces Sherlock.  "Actually, you didn't."
"For a number of reasons, but the first thing that comes to mind is to cover something up, erase the tracks."  He flips the shell in his palm.  "I didn't find anything worth covering up in the shed, save for the body, but he's been taken care of."
John swallows.  "Um, urges?"
The spell is broken when Sherlock pockets something from the beach.  John becomes instantly curious.  Is it a pebble?  If so, what kind?  Is it special in any way?  And what's it for?
He drinks too much. Sits, stands, paces the flat. Mary’s shadow always hover somewhere nearby, just as Sherlock’s did during those years he was ‘away’. She disapproves of his drinking. She doesn’t talk much. Just sits there, judging.
“Oh look at you two,” she complains. “How will I ever get rid of those stains?”
”It’s not going to be frosty for a while yet,” says Harry. ”I’ll let them be a while longer.”
Though Sherlock is laid back, eyes closed and the picture of contentment, John is anything but. He’s trying to calm his mind, to match the state of his body, but it’s not working.
"I'd rather have gelato," mutters Sherlock, extending his hand.
“I was supposed to disarm him. He was high as a kite, delusional and he was about to cut someone with a scalpel. I
There are still things he knows, but has never said out loud.
“When we lived together the first time, you used to masturbate when you took your candle-lit scented baths.”
"I can't see what his motive would be."
Sherlock stops in his tracks.  "The gardening tools!"  He fishes out his phone.
With a cuppa and a bagel under their bellies, they head out with a vague plan to eventually get to the beach to see the pier.  John insists that it's something one needs to do when in Brighton, and Sherlock humours him.
They reach an underpass, which brings them to endless stretches of car parks and then finally the jetties of the Marina Boatyard, filled with rows and rows of recreational boats.  There are outdoor seating areas in front of the restaurants along the promenade deck.  They're all abandoned in this weather, the sunshades tied down securely, tablecloths and menu boards folded away.
Sherlock chuckles low.  He's reclined in the lounge chair, bare legs crossed elegantly, still sipping his drink.  "You're the one who wanted to walk all the way to the Marina, for whatever reason."
“Oh, you’re one to talk. You’re a quitter. Always finding a new odd subculture to hang on to, and then just leaving your new friends behind when they call out your drinking problems.”
They follow him around the muddy perimeter.  A large area behind the shed is charred, the former shrubbery obliterated, only thin blackened stems lying like jack-straws on the ground.
"No, no, I mean the wailing in the night, the noxious smells, the constant sleep deprivation, the never-ending interruptions…”
"Tell me Sherlock.  What would you have me do?"
"What will you do until then?  I doubt Donovan will let us in here again.  And, you hate waiting.  I know you'll be pestering Molly about it tomorrow."  John nudges Sherlock's arm with his elbow.  "Let's not do that, this time, yeah?  Let's leave this bloody case and city, just for a day.  And, maybe you'll even figure it out while we're away."
He’d been so careful.
His tone is unnecessarily defensive. She’s just asking. It’s natural she has questions, after so many years of estrangement. Harry regards him with a frown.
Sherlock nods.
"No worries," Majida says.  She musses up his hair and winks.  "Anytime."
"Believe me Sherlock, that's not what dementia looks like.  I've come across it at the clinic, and this isn't it."
“I was thinking of how you treat your relationships.”
A moan escapes him when Sherlock puts his lips to the scar. John’s mind fills with images of someone coming in, interrupting them - seeing. But this feels so right, not wrong, perverted and forbidden. There’s no hurried panic.
"The body's still in the shed," John reports.  "I overheard Sergeant Dononvan outside.  What the hell are they waiting for?  It's a terrible decision in this heat."
"My cousin had been declined a loan when he wanted to buy a house.  It was near a water stream, where the knotweed naturally grows, and some of it was growing within the grounds of the property.  I read up on it, saw the removal companies' advertising.  I figured it could be worth a try; to bar any presumptive buyer from getting a loan, decrease the worth of the property.  Then, maybe the sister wouldn't be so intent on selling the house.
--must have an affinity for mince pies."  He waves another receipt.  "
This piques Sherlock's interest.  "What would pickles do?  Except the general risks of a high sodium concentration?"
John huffs, one hand resting on the side of Sherlock's neck, the thumb gently nudging his jaw to adjust the angle of his face.  He dabs the warm towel all over Sherlock's cheeks and jaw to get rid of any remaining strands of lather.  Sherlock manages to get another drag before continuing.  "And finally, three, when it came to Irene, I made a mistake, relying on the most common assumption, when I concluded that the rapid beat of her pulse must have been a sign of attraction.  But, an increased heart rate can be indicative of either anger, attraction, excitement or fear.  So, tell me John."  He flicks off some ash into the basin, before placing his left hand on top of John's on his neck.  "Which is this a sign of?"
“You didn't even ask!”
"Ah, look at you, all cosied up in your coat," he says, teeth clattering.
Sherlock steps out of the bathroom.  "Well, to be fair, neither I, nor the Inspector, knew about that connection when he called me in.  And, I haven't told him yet, so who have you been talking to?"
“Yeah, I- I don’t drink that much. I did for a while, but I know when to stop. I’ve seen what it did to my sister. I know how deceiving it can be. I’m very aware of the risks of genetic predisposition. So, yeah, I think I can manage.”
"Yes, he's been dead since at least some time early this morning," says John.  He notices Kafka and Kipling, Tolkien and C.S. Lewis on the shelves.  Also, a selection of books on fly-fishing.
He just stares at her. “Who are you and what did you do to my sister?”
. John realises he can’t see where Sherlock’s keeping his hands. Has he been touching himself this whole time? He feels his face turn impossibly hotter. He climbs out of the tub, very aware of Sherlock’s eyes following him to the small pool.
John is content with the young innkeeper's recommendation.  Their room is en suite, small but well-furnished considering the size, the colour scheme slate greys and teal.  A king-sized pillow-top bed is squeezed in, along with two bedside tables.  The bed has a padded headboard, complete with an upholstered long bench situated at the foot of the bed.  There's even two bathrobes and two sets of slippers near the bathroom.
When John first lived at 221B he took regular baths to relax. He used to light candles and mix in essential oils and usually ended his sessions with stroking himself to climax, driven by fantasies of Sherlock touching him or swallowing him down.
"It sounds like the same old story, to me.  He's always gone with these super dramatic gestures, which apparently appeals to you."  John gives him a pointed look.  "So why would he go to all that trouble with a super-code if he's not even interested in the power it gives him?  I mean, if he could convince you about it, hasn't he reached his goal then, without too much work?  The constant bragging isn't new.  He wants to make himself seem like a genius, just like you, so you'll play with him.  You said the thing with the trainers was your first case, of sorts.  He's obviously been obsessed with you for years."
“Come here.”
The summer seemingly needs a last revisit before the real shift into autumn.  The sudden shift of weather has turned Baker Street into an oven.  The windows at the back of the house are open to hopefully let in some cooler air from the shadows, though the slight air coming in is more tepid than cold. It brings with it the pungent smell of unemptied bins, which were heated up by the sun during the morning hours.  The curtains in the main room are partly drawn to reduce the glare of the low hanging evening sun, the reflections lighting up the yellow brickwork of the houses across the street.  Old houses do not ignore the changing seasons; from the gloomy and cold damp in the winter to this unbearable heat which belongs in the summer.
“Yep,” Sherlock pops the p, looking smug.
“You must know risk assessment John. You’ve been to war.”
"I wonder if Miss Cushing has put her house on the market?" Sherlock says, out of the blue.
types of angers listed.
Rosie’s crying.
' on me.  It was merely her phone that was locked
Logic can't always beat a feeling, but he'll try. He will be confronting headlong one of his greatest fears: being undressed with an attractive man - sober.
Totally out of reach, unattainable.
"Careful," John says firmly as he manoeuvres Sherlock's head back into place and puts the razor to his cheek. With a smooth and precise sweep, he lets the blade glide through the lather.
Sherlock shows John the text message.  "The garden shed at Miss Cushing's has burned during the night."
Not long after, she’d started drinking. Not copious amounts, but she tended to be the one who seemed sober for far longer than the rest. Her tolerance was increasing.
He’d already zoned out. What a mess.
"Well, he's in possession of the code," Sherlock begins.
There is a silence.  John thinks Molly has a point.  She pulls her coat on.  "Actually, never mind me.  I'm off to The Fox.  I have a date."
Sherlock's face is a study in boredom, to the point of not even bothering to keep his eyes open. He sighs.  "Women are your department, John.  I'll trust your word regarding her female qualities."
Harry brings a small gift - a jar of homemade green tomato chutney.
John rolls his eyes.  "Greg. His name is Greg," he mutters, even though he knows Sherlock is very much aware of Lestrade's first name.
This soothes John.  When he's finally drifting off to sleep, he becomes aware of a touch to his calf.  He presumes it's a mistake, Sherlock merely turning in bed.  Then, he senses a distinct push, Sherlock pressing the sole of his foot back against John's leg.  The foot glides, the heel massaging his calf muscle.  Then, it comes to rest, the bulge of the muscle fitting perfectly in the concave arch, still pressing.  Nothing more.  They fall asleep like that.
“Which bricks?”
“You should come to a class, might help channel any latent aggression.”
"Yeah? You deserve to be punched for what you did? What do I deserve then? When I do
“Besides not daring to declare my love to Sherlock, I’m not sure why I went through with it.”
His eyes prickle with tears. It’s a recurring thing, these days. He breathes out shakily, swallows down the lump in his throat. Ella waits patiently. He pinches his thigh, trying to divert his attention away from the pain in his chest.
John lets his hands slide up, up from hairy, strong calves, over the lean muscled thighs, to the hairless silky vulnerable insides, all the way to Sherlock’s groin. Then all the way back, using his fingernails. Sherlock keens and his erection bobs.
It’s strange to think they left this trace in the form of a physical object, and that it remains while Catherine is gone.
"So, are we continuing with the wares now?"
They giggle.
“You’re leaving?”
"Oh, that's easy to remember!" she says, with a knowing smile.  "It started March of last year.  And, I'm sure of it, since that was when Connie Prince died.  I've really missed watching her show."
She gets up, almost making the chair tumble over. Paces the small kitchen. Runs water in the sink, puts two glasses and a jug of water on the table. It used to be a decanter of scotch.
"This is ridiculous, John. You need to get indoors."
”I’m sorry for not being understanding. I’m sorry I didn’t have the sense to appreciate all you did for us.”
"Aren't you going to have a shower and a shave or, I don't know, maybe get out of your pyjamas?" asks John, following Sherlock into the kitchen.
, Harry. I do notice that I’m the only male bringing a kid to the park, only mothers, sitters and grannies all around.”
“You know I’m here for you to talk to,” Ella’s gentle voice interrupts his wandering mind. “To voice your thoughts, act as a sounding board.”
“But you wouldn’t be lying. You’ve just stopped lying to yourself. You’re not alone, John. People tend to do that - lie about things they have reason to believe might hurt them, only they end up hurting themselves in the process. You need to face it, John. You’ve been hiding for so many years. Christ, you managed to hide from
“It’s a pity that there’s no documentation of all the times I’ve cleaned up after her,” John says grudgingly. “It would have been fun, and ammunition to use in case she ever becomes a sulky teenager avoiding her chores.”
“Yeah, he snuck up on me after work. Came for advice, he said. About how to handle you.”
"Oh, John."  Sherlock sighs.  "Your naïveté is endearing."
"You know what?  Let's bloody leave," says John, looking drained.
The case takes them to Chelmsford. John wonders if that’s a real reason or just an excuse to make him agree to go on a case again.
John is incredulous.
John returns, having bought a simple foldable compact backpack, in lightweight black fabric with an ugly logo.  He's put the lunch wares in it, and now he stuffs it with his coat too.  He notices Sherlock's stare.  "Got to look like a proper tourist when in Brighton."  He squints against the bright sunlight and smiles. "You should buy yourself some cheap sunglasses, and you'll fit right in."
"Maybe Brian was behind the funeral bouquet anyway?"
She goes inside to fetch her cigarettes. John gets to work, turning over every leaf and spraying the underside. There’s so many leaves. And a lot of tiny budding tomatoes. These plants have the potential to carry a lot of fruit. How will she be able to eat it all?
John needs to get close. Closer. Unable to help himself, he crowds Sherlock, stepping into him, stepping beyond him until Sherlock loses his balance and needs to take a step back. John does it again, and somehow they stumble into something similar to their dancing lessons.
“I beat the scalpel out of his hand. I shouted and shoved him hard against the wall to get him to wake up, come to his senses. I punched him hard, and then I punched him more. I didn’t stop.”
'?  That's a rare word, coming from you."
"Yeah, I didn't think anything of it at the time.  I thought the pickles belonged to Miss Cushing, since they were stored in the hallway cupboard.  I just supposed the glass jars were collected over time for recycling."
They smile at each other. The calmness lingers. John turns and lies on his side, facing Sherlock. He wonders if Sherlock’s cheek is as smooth as his own after the barber session. Though Sherlock embraced him just a while ago, he doesn’t dare to reach out a hand to find out.
He’s invited into their bedroom late one night when Rosie refuses to fall asleep. Of course he’s been in there before - snooping, when John’s at the surgery and Rosie’s at her sitter. But he’s not actively gone in there when they’re at home since the day they moved in and he helped John set up her cot and changing table.
John goes to put on his coat; the sun is rising and Rosie needs to be picked up soon. Sherlock can hear the skip in John’s step as he descends the stairs.
"Good," says John with a smile.  "Very good."  The smile wanes and he licks his lips.  "Huh.  That's great, actually."
But then he saves Sherlock’s life, or is it Sherlock who saves him? And again he’s been manipulated by those two: a genius junkie and a former assassin, playing games from beyond the grave.
“Sharing quarters. Living so close to other recruits, sleeping in the same room, sharing showers.”
John is quiet, but doesn't break eye contact.
“She lied to me. Really severe lies. She had a past she concealed. But she carried our child for nine months while I kept her on the rack for most of that time. I wasn’t ready to take her back after her deception. But I wasn’t ready to let her go either. In the end I made the right decision. I forgave her, even though it was merely lip-service. I couldn’t have done anything else. I never wished for children, but I couldn’t leave her when she was pregnant with mine. Of course I had to forgive her. And Sherlock, he...”
“The drain hadn’t been properly cleaned for a while, so the hairs functioned as a sieve capturing-”
. Until it became a mausoleum to flee from.
“You’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever met,” he says softly, breathing into his ear. “Please, let me have you.”
“So I’m going to travel in a couple of weeks and I feel like I’m ill.”
“I loved the military. And it scared me shitless.”
"Interesting," Sherlock muses, eyes alight.  "And you believe all these things sent to you are from the same individual?"
"Those bloody pickles," she says tightly.  "I was right to burn them."
Sherlock is not as fluent as John in this sort of language.  "You could feel it for yourself," he says, carefully.
They've had long silences before; relaxed silence spent alongside each other in their flat, Sherlock minding his own business and John puttering about.  Sherlock doing experiments at the kitchen table while John blogged.  Reading in silence and doing Mind Palace-housekeeping in silence.
He breaks down in tears, his head buried in his hands, until the inexplicable happens: Sherlock takes him in his arms and comforts him. John is so weary that he lets him.
"Apparently."
“But- but the daybed in the lounge,” he stutters. “I thought-”
"Sorry?"
The morning shift starts badly. He’s unmoored by the nightmares and can’t focus properly on his patients.
"He was stupid enough to do it himself," Sherlock blurts out.  "I'm sorry, Miss Badu, but that's the truth."
Sherlock watches his fiddly work with a peculiar expression.
John chuckles, a tad embarrassed by the praise, and the evidence of him planning this hours ago.  Tesco had half-sized bottles, too, but for some reason, he chose the regular size.  It seems silly, now.  He also bought plastic cups on stems and now he pours the champagne with a swirl.  He hands Sherlock his cup, and pours one for himself.
If he were to touch, linger, that would be dangerous.
Sherlock leans into John, dropping his voice.  "You'd kill it in the shooting gallery."
“No wonder you have anger issues. These things tend to bounce back, rather uncontrollably. I was so angry for many years. I know what it’s like, John. I didn’t realise how the anger drove me to self-sabotage. I mean, there were of course other issues too, but,
The quirky shop's name is a mouthful:
1942-2003
"Come again?"
The music Sherlock listens to as he’s recalibrating in Regent’s Park could be Philip Glass’ album
The wind is whipping his hair in his eyes.  There's an insistent metallic clang in the air.  It's the clattering of hundreds of halyards beating against aluminium masts in the wind.  Sherlock feels an urge to walk out on the breakwater, just to get closer to the raging water, to feel the alluring power of the sea.
"Sorry again, but these are the house rules, which you agreed upon when checking in," she points out.  "Have a good evening."  Her steps recede down the hallway.
Sherlock gestures vaguely at their surroundings.  "It's
"Sleep, John."
Sherlock grins and flicks a bit of water at him with his toes.
“Yes, safely,” Sherlock says firmly, sincerely. “Besides, if I employ this former carpenter from the homeless network to fix the roof, there’s a lot more work he could do. We need to see to other safety measures.”
He swallows the hate, forces air through his nostrils and makes a grimace of a smile.
John frowns.  "She seems so nice. Just a little scatterbrained."
The incident comes up in therapy, of course.
“Sure,” he says, feeling anything but.
There it is again--that tender attention, beyond doctorly care and soldierly duty.  Some days, Sherlock doesn't know what to make of it.  Ever since the incident at the pool, he and John have... what?  Kept themselves in each other's pockets?  Gauche.  Been inordinately in tune with one another?  Sounds like a line from a silly romance novel.  He wants to dismiss the feelings that arise when he thinks of John coming to harm because of a careless mistake he's made.  Caring is not an advantage, certainly not in these unprecedented times, when he is weighed down by an inscrutable riddle.
“I- I don’t know. We were just kids when Dorothy died. I- I didn’t think about it. Not like that.”
Sherlock bores his eyes into her.  "I need to see him."
“Well, my grandpa was a military man. So my dad was about to follow when he had an accident during his military training. A grenade detonated too close, so he lost his hearing on one ear. Which made him seem more impolite than he was. He always seemed pleasant enough - publicly - but sometimes people thought he was ignoring them when they were only talking to him from the wrong side of his head. Anyway, he ended up working in a factory where he had to wear ear-protection all the time and no-one could hear each other above the sound of the machines. I wanted to do better than that, if only to spite him.”
"Now?" asks John, incredulous.  What restaurant would be open, let alone serving food at half-past one in the morning?
“It’s gonna be awful sometimes, but you can’t imagine the relief that comes with it.”
Sherlock crouches down. "The shoelaces are tied from the same angle he would have used if he put them on himself.  Of course, someone could have tied them for him, from that angle, as opposed to being tied from in front of him, like you'd usually would do if helping a small child tie their shoes.  But, the level of thoughtfulness needed to emulate the deceased's tying of shoelaces is statistically very rare when committing a crime.  So, we can reasonably conclude that he put on those shoes by himself."
"At my age, the bodily decline can stand in the way of being taken seriously, I'm afraid," she says, paying no heed to Sherlock's request.
John does, closing his eyes, noticing the warmth of Sherlock’s hands, the weight of his own body against the ground beneath his feet.
The current silence is companionable, though, and filled with the sound of waves, wind and seagulls, and the soft rattling sound of Sherlock letting the stones sift between his fingers.  Somehow being here, being out of their element, makes some things feel a bit more possible, breaking the silence, in more ways than one.  Some things feel decidedly more within reach, if John only dared to ask.
” Sherlock snaps.
Sherlock smirks.  "Yep. Let's go."
"Fly-fishing gear," says Sherlock from the closet.
She wakes them up, a little brusquely, after a few hours.
"No need," says Sherlock.  "Anyone with access to Miss Cushing's flat had access to all her keys.  You might want to check for fingerprints, though.  Because, contrary to the letters, this has
"You don't tell, not even Mum, or he'll find out some way. I bet he'd rip it out if he got the chance, the old bastard."
“Alright, let’s talk about me then. I’m stubborn as hell. When I decide I’m in for something, I’m hellbent on following through. I wouldn’t have made it through med school, I wouldn’t have gone on
Sherlock finds John's eyes and stares hard, a rare sincerity imbued in his gaze.  "You are an unassailable record keeper, John.  I don't doubt it."  He gives John a small smile.  "It seems, however, you may have had more pressing things on your mind."
to say.
Miss Badu claims to be unaware of anything suspicious happening, as she's teaching all weekdays and often uses noise-cancelling headphones at home since she suffers from tinnitus.
“But he came back before you got married, right?”
“Believe me, I’ve had worse. It was just a few bruises. No permanent harm done.”
Sherlock starts in on the first pile, reading aloud.  "Milk, eggs, tomatoes and yoghurt.  Milk... eggs... tomatoes.  Seems a bit of a theme.  Toilet-paper, beans and flour.  Weetabix, grapes and orange juice.  Milk... eggs... tomatoes.  Bread.  Bread, bread, bread."
Well, it’s seems to all be trial and error, as John so succinctly put it the other day. Parenting that is. Sherlock’s not sure if what he is doing is considered parenting. Possibly co-parenting? Assistant-parenting?
She shrugs, stumping out the cigarette butt against the stone.
Sherlock moves into John’s old bedroom upstairs.
“Oh, of course, of course!”
He’s heard a version of that one before.
Sherlock returns a half hour later, when it's become fully dark outside.  He's pissing wet in his bathrobe and towel, looking for all the world like a drowned cat.  His curls are matted to this head, his skin shiny and a bit feverish.  John hopes the nutter hadn't caught a cold while he was polluting his lungs.
"I know, but it feels better now.  I'll keep it above heart level," Sherlock tries to bargain.
I couldn't have come this far without the immeasurable help of my two wonderful betas
"Fight me!" he hisses.
”Yes. Potentially. Theoretically. But I didn’t meet him until my last tour in Afghanistan. And before him, I just- dabbled, occasionally. Didn’t have the opportunity to get drunk enough to dare very often.”
John feels like crying.  "I'm bloody ruining this, aren't I?" he rasps, his heart in his throat.
“Oh, John. You can’t be that bad. I don’t believe you’re anything near as lousy as our parents.”
“I- I want to make it up to you. To somehow- To apologise. For real. To make things normal between us.”
"What's bad about it, then?  Why do people want to get rid of it?  If it's edible, I mean.  The one in Brighton was like a cosy tunnel, and you said the bees like the flowers."
He puts on his coat, but it can’t close around them both. In John’s room, he finds Mary’s long knitted scarf and he grabs it, hurrying to get them both outside. He sets his path towards Regent’s Park.
“Alright!” Sherlock throws his hands in the air. “You abused me. But I
He’s not sure it’s a sane thing to be contemplating. He’s worried that dominance is the only approach to men he knows, the only way to handle his lifelong reluctance and fear of intimacy with men, to not feel emasculated. How can he know what is a healthy, deep urge and what is a destructive behaviour that will only increase his insecurities?
"No, and we assume his doctor didn't either," says John, sympathetically.  "Mr James died of an aneurysm, caused by a severe case of hypertension.  We believe an hypertensive emergency was brought on by his medication in combination with him eating a lot of pickles.  It's fatal without immediate intensive care treatment."
That’s very true. Wise girl.
"Sleep," Sherlock says quietly.  "I've informed the innkeepers we're leaving tomorrow," he adds, and turns his back to John's.
.  In?"
Harry looks like she can’t believe what he just said.
He’s not gay.
“To secure our blossoming sex life.”
John doesn’t answer. Sherlock spins around. John’s cheek is red.
After the massage, they traipse through the facility in their fluffy robes. As they move from the lounge to another area of the building, John spies some male athletes, apparently going here for physiotherapy as well as massage and relaxation, and something about that puts their own appearance in stark contrast. They’re not colleagues or mates. They’re here on a date, and whatever it may entail, it must be glaringly obvious to anyone looking at them.
It had worked pretty well until he was accepted into grammar school. He’d been a bright kid, but being bullied for whatever inane reason his bullies had, combined with the way things were at home was just too much, the pressure overwhelming.
"Feeling better now?"
“You didn’t. You didn’t.”
Ella hands him a printed copy from some kind of self-help site. She briefly walks him through the different
“You didn’t miss it, John. This is not a case of ‘you see, but do not observe’. Yes, I was undressed. Hiding in plain sight. I deliberately never turned my back to you. I didn't want you to see it, I didn’t want to distract you. You clearly had thing you needed to say.”
John doesn’t know if clubbing would be the right thing for a first date, or whatever he should call the conversation they need to have.
“Get out of here, just go. You’re wasting my time.”
"Now, I see you're thinking that's a bit odd, and we're a peculiar bunch residing in this house.  But, this has been going smoothly for more than fifteen years, and we respect each other's privacy.  Once in a while, I let them inside my flat to use the kitchen, since their rooms only have kitchenettes, and I don't mind the company.  However I don't ever go into their rooms, unless there's a maintenance problem of some kind.  My tenants trust me, and I trust them, mind you.  I've happily left my key with Brian, in case he'd need the oven, when I've been staying at my sister's."
The early morning air is chilly, but refreshing, the temperature in accordance with late September.  A welcome change to the past few days' stifling heat of central London, where warmth is stored in the mass of bricks and pavements of narrow streets.  Here the air is fresh, and the constant sea breeze transports the heat away.
That is a truth he’s never even admitted to himself. But he can see it now, plain as day.
“I beat him to the floor.”
"Oh, please," Sherlock sneers and shrugs him off.  "Anderson working on this?"  He runs his hands through his hair and pulls at his curls in frustration.  "Let John examine the body before Andersson makes a fool of himself."
John darts around the corner and Sherlock continues forward to meet him at the end of the building.  He rounds an elderly woman with a child in a stroller, and then he's suddenly flying through the air and lands awkwardly on his right hand.  Bloody uneven timber deck planks!  He scrambles to get up.  He needs to catch John behind the corner, but his hand hurts when he puts weight on it, so he does a side roll to get to his feet and sets off towards the end of the arcade.
“You’re a man of your generation. Forgive me if I don’t take your word for it. I’ve seen kids being passed off to female relatives all the time.”
“Oh… I wake up, I dress and get ready for work. Then I prepare Rosie’s morning milk and wake her up. Take her to the sitter, go to work.”
"Uh, didn't really think about it, I was kind of more focused on getting you out of her way," says John.  "But then again, it's the same as with Brian--what would she gain from anonymously threatening her landlady, or killing her supposed friend?"
The man looks a bit sheepish. “Now I feel like I’ve been wasting your time.”
Sherlock frowns.  "You know I don't wear a tie.  You're welcome to sell them any day, though Brighton isn't known to be that expensive."
As she sets down a tray, full of tea glasses, tiny teaspoons and a bowl of sugar, Majida asks, "Are you all right with only candlelight?  I don't want to light up and potentially attract any customers in the middle of the night."
Then John suddenly drops to his knees, and Sherlock nearly falls backwards into the foliage.  But John's hands are on the back of his thighs, keeping him balanced, stroking incredibly slowly up and down.  He leans his forehead into Sherlock's hip.  He stays there for a moment, and Sherlock doesn't dare to move.
"Well, I've used inferior equipment to do operations and succeeded."  John shakes the shaving gel bottle.  "Let's get rid of the couch-sulking beard, shall we?"
“Yeah, sorry.”
. That’s supposedly what sex is about, but this is a new experience to John. It seems there’s still things to learn after almost 25 years of sexual activity.
When John give her a questioning look, she rolls her eyes.
anymore. I didn’t belong. I wasn’t his doctor. A doctor would intervene, would have made sure he got treatment. It was
He’s about to chicken out, run away, when he reminds himself that he’s trying to be a better man.
“Not tripping hippies, I meant the down-to-earth knit-your-own-cabbages kind. Romanticising India and all that.”
The sorting of receipts seems endless.
Sherlock makes the call while they slowly walk back into town. He manages to get hold of an inspector. It’s quite entertaining to listen to Sherlock trying to stay on the polite side of insistent.
Sherlock slides his hand across John's, positioning thumb above thumb.  He presses down lightly, so that John can feel the jumping of the artery.  "With all your medical prowess, can you tell the difference with only one point of data, from merely a touch?"
John hands him the receipt.  There it is, glaringly obvious, and yet he failed to see it: the last figures of a credit card number.  The next receipt in the pile has an identical match.  And the next, and the next.  Seems he needs to relearn his own lesson about the difference between seeing and observing.
“That it isn’t true.”
She takes a deep drag, making a few smoke rings when she lets the smoke out.
John is speechless. Harry narrows her eyes.
Sherlock asks John to move back in. It’s a spur of the moment decision, when they’re sitting in front of the fireplace in the early morning, warming up after a night out, having successfully solved a case ending with John’s smooth and very controlled takedown of a suspect.
Choosing celibacy because relationships are messy and people generally intolerable is one thing. Then it’s perfectly doable to ignore the craving and live by small sensations.
“Pot, kettle.”
“So of course the manager listened to the entrepreneur. But the entrepreneur, being an expert, still had an interest in creating more jobs for himself. So he overplayed his concern, made the manager think of the possible risks to
