Harriet placed her spoon back into her bowl and threw a pointed look at John, pushing his plate back at him.
“You’re not coming with me,” John said firmly yet kindly. “But maybe once I’ve got some practice I might let you.”
As soon as Mary took in John’s dishevelled appearance and grave expression, she knew something was off.
“Thank you,” she handed over the bags and gestured to the rubbish bin for him to store them in. “What are you doing here? I thought you and Sherlock were supposed to be in Sussex.”
The pair slowly washed each other; John massaging shampoo into Sherlock’s hair and using body wash to clean off his sweat and semen, moving his hands gently over his skin as if he were painting a picture with his hands. Sherlock closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of being cared for, the feeling of John’s fingers massaging into his muscles tenderly. No one had touched Sherlock as lovingly and as warm as John was right at that moment.
There was a light tap at his bedroom door and John let out a hoarse reply, calling out to Harriet to come in. She opened the door and moved into his room, smiling brightly. She was already showered and had a casual, black knit dress pulled over her small frame.
John hated Harriet right at this moment. He hated her because he knew she was telling the truth and now that it was coming out of her mouth, with her deadpan blue eyes glaring into his, he was ashamed of himself.
Sherlock nodded, regarding John with cool eyes. “A good excuse to start,” he responded. “You really did pick it up naturally. Freeform dancing is one of my favourite methods of teaching – allowing someone to learn to
John had left early the next day, a thick stack of invitations tucked inside his jacket safely. He was planning on heading to the shopping centre and posting out the invitations before he met with Sherlock for a coffee and (in Sherlock’s words) an upgrade in shoe attire. John still didn’t understand what the problem was with his shoes, but somehow, out of guilt, they were now stored safely at the back of his closet. John was unable to wear them without hearing Sherlock’s theatrical laments over how simply
Truth be told, John had no idea where to start. He looked up from his drink into Harriet’s round face and felt ashamed at his actions – he didn’t know if he could even begin to explain the mess he had gotten himself in.
John was startled by Mrs. Hudson standing in the doorway, arms folded, scrutinising him from across the room. He sat up quickly, feeling guilty. But why should he feel guilty? It’s not like he was with Sherlock anymore – Sherlock knew about everything and they weren’t together anymore.
At work the next day, John couldn’t stop thinking about all the moments held between Sherlock and himself. The thick tension in the air as Sherlock held onto John and moved in and out of his space. Sherlock was electric and John couldn’t stop himself from feeling the delicious shock to his core when Sherlock’s fingers brushed his bare skin. John was lost in thought after a client had just left when he heard a knock on his door. Marlene, his receptionist, popped her head around the door.
After their interaction at John’s wedding, he had avoided talking to anyone, including Sherlock. He didn’t want to hurt him anymore than he already had and he thought by allowing him to move to Sussex without interference from John, that would mean he was allowing him to move on. He thought it would mean he was allowing
John awkwardly moved out of the kitchen to the staircase and placed his hand on the banister, his eyes watching the top of the stairs, almost afraid to move up there for fear of him not being able to connect with any of Sherlock’s things. When his legs finally started moving, he felt his stomach filling with apprehension.
So I have created a playlist of music that features in the story, so if you guys would like to have a listen, you can find it
Sherlock all but pouted at John, his eyebrows knitting together to form a crease on his nose. “Of course I’m not
John would sometimes wake in the early hours of the morning, desperate, quiet sobs rattling through his chest. This was something that had been happening on and off for the past two weeks – John being overcome with sudden bouts of deep, intrinsic sadness that he couldn’t seem to shake. And sleep wouldn’t quell the loneliness in his chest; it only produced nightmares in which he was drowning, his breath being stolen from his lungs, being replaced with burning fire and gushing water.
The elevator door pinged open and he entered the unoccupied compartment, his feet moving over the carpet with a whisper. When the doors closed, he found himself face to face with his own reflection in the mirrored door. He looked wild; fists clenched, hair skewed, cheeks flushed, and red eyes. All he wanted to do was smash his fist into the reflection, to rid himself of the memory of him being so damn angry, because he knew he had no right to be.
The following Monday, John had finished work quickly, rushing to get to his lesson with Sherlock at 4:30. He arrived at the studio on time, however when he walked up to the door he was suddenly overcome with an intense feeling of trepidation. His hand hovered over the door handle, his mind sullied by thoughts of
Marlene paused for a moment, eyeing John with a small smile on her lips. “I’ve got a form for you to sign,” she said, handing him the paper. “What’s going on with you? You look like someone’s
John’s smile ghosted over his lips before quickly turning into a gasp as her hands moved down into his pants, gripping onto his cock. The alcohol mixed with his turbulent thoughts was making it difficult for him to focus on the task at hand and Mary soon realised her attempt to come onto him was futile.
“Sherlock Holmes? Your dance instructor?” A light tittering laugh was forced from her lips. “So you’re gay now?”
John couldn’t help but let a burst of laughter bubble from his chest as Sherlock’s frown deepened, the cute crease returning to his nose. He looked down at his shoes before returning to look up at Sherlock who looked affronted.
“Oh love, you’re so fucking perfect,” John breathed, pushing himself in and out. “Fuck, you’re amazing.”
She was standing outside with a cardigan pulled over her shoulders, hunched over in the cold. Her shoulder length golden hair was tucked behind her ears messily as she waved at the car and ducked over to open the door for John. She looked worried and as soon as he stepped out of the vehicle, she pulled him into a tight hug.
Sherlock broke eye contact with John, lowering his eyes so his dark eyelashes splayed out across his pale skin. His smile broke out across his features, reaching his eyes and nose so they crinkled, revealing a map of lines where Sherlock’s happiness could be traced out.
“You don’t think I tried that? You don’t think I tried to contact you? You left, John. You left us. You left
John wasn’t sure whether the conversation was finished, but as he cleared up their plates, neither of the pair broached the subject again and Mary seemed content to let John head out for a drink at the pub with a friend. In reality, he wanted to have a drink by himself to subdue the thoughts that were flying through his head.
the coffee table like a normal person, he smoothly stepped on top of and over it and came to stop in front of John, snatching the canvas and turning it around so John couldn’t look anymore. “Yes. It is you,” he retorted, “it’s not finished. And some might consider it
“Mm?” Sherlock was the same, warmth radiating through his chest. He kept hearing John’s words repeating over in his head:
“I guess …” John said with a grimace. He moved forward, reaching out to touch Sherlock’s hand before thinking better of it and disguising the motion with an awkward sway of his arm. “Are … are you okay?”
How could he have become so lost? All he wanted was to disappear and have all of this be left behind. He didn’t want to be sobbing on the floor in his shower with his fiancé right next door after jerking himself off in the shower, fantasizing about another man.
John paused for a moment, mulling over her words. Could you still love someone you haven't spoken to in weeks? Or would that just be considered obsession?
John woke, suddenly aware of the fact that he was in an unfamiliar bed. He blinked into the darkness, his eyes slowly becoming accustomed, remembering he was, in fact, in Sherlock’s bed. Reaching out beside him, he felt the cool spot where Sherlock should be lying, but wasn’t.
were the snowflakes. He was beginning to understand the story being told and was actually enjoying himself.
“Sherlock!” he rumbled, grasping onto Sherlock’s shoulder firmly and smiling at him. “It’s been so long, my friend! Anything on the menu, whatever you want – free.”
“Can … can I?” Sherlock was lost. He was lost to everything except the need for release, and John held that in his hand, literally.
John stood and turned to look at his sister as she began picking up the hair products on the seat next to her. Standing, she brushed past John, avoiding his eye contact, and made her way to his bathroom to store the products away. Following, John examined himself in the mirror.
“So John,” Sherlock spoke low, his voice seeming to crackle when he said John’s name. “Why are you deciding to learn to dance now?”
It had been half an hour of a barefooted John attempting to put what he had learned so far together with the music, but instead of it fitting together attractively like pieces of a puzzle, it more felt like he was trying to fit a round peg into a square hole. Sherlock’s once perfect curls were now becoming more distressed every time they had to stop and start the music and he was now beginning to gesture with wild, flamboyant hands.
, but he knew deep down he wanted to. He knew deep down, if (or when) the opportunity presented itself, he would take it straight away; he would be greedy and desperate in his need – which is where the majority of his guilt came from. It had been so long since he had been with a man that he had nearly forgotten what it felt like. He had memories from years ago with his first love – sometimes when he was with Mary he would fantasize about those times, closing his eyes and imagining someone else underneath him. James Sholto was his first and last and he was a memory in the wind – he would catch glimpses of him every now and then in small things like a scent or a certain phrase and sometimes in his dreams he would remember his lips and his hard fingers. But the rest was hazy and faded and left to rot in the abscess of his mind where John left his most painful memories.
Sherlock was in front of John and he gently took John’s right hand, placing it on Sherlock’s small waist which felt surprisingly muscular underneath his clothes (
“Tomorrow,” John answered, still feeling slightly embarrassed – he found himself staring into his cup of tea with much intensity to avoid looking at his fiancé. “I found someone online who seems a bit okay – he’s got plenty of positive reviews and quite reasonably priced.”
that way. Truth be told, he felt like an alien in his own skin. He knew he hadn’t cheated on Mary physically, but he had still lied to her and that in itself was eating him up. He had never lied to his partners before – honesty was something he cherished. And yet …
. It was like a sick film that kept replaying over in his head: Sherlock’s face crumpled into pained grief, lost to John because of what he did. The way he kept his impassive amour up as he extended his hand, holding out the invitation to John. Such a small, insignificant piece of cardboard that held so much weight. So much power.
“—no, no, I didn’t mean – do they have vegetarian options?” John quickly cut in, feeling panicked that he was now missing out on his chance.
It was only when the crowd quietened and John saw the stage being swept hurriedly to clear away the snowflakes that John knew Sherlock would be waiting in the wings to come on stage and dance.
He was determined not to give in and touch himself, even though he was aching to, but that still didn’t stop his thoughts from roaming to Sherlock again and pretty soon, he was leaning with his hands against the wall, the water cascading down his back, eyes screwed shut as his cock throbbed desperately.
John felt shame well up in his chest as he thought about how fragile Sherlock’s trust must be since John’s betrayal. It would take months, or even years to fix that, but he knew he wanted try as hard as he could to do it.
John left in a daze, initially intending to go home, but instead heading in the direction of his local pub.
And when they finally broke apart, Sherlock couldn’t stop the tears from coming and when he opened his eyes, John had a smile on his face that was reminiscent of a piece of music so beautiful he could have lived in that particular moment for the rest of his days.
John didn’t understand why the lie fell from his lips so easily: possibly it was the wine he had drank too fast on an empty stomach, or maybe it was the fact that he couldn’t stop looking at the way Sherlock would lick his lips every so often in between words. He didn’t understand the reason, but later down the track he knew it would come back to haunt him somehow. For now though, he allowed it to roll from his lungs like a snake and settle itself around his throat. He swallowed more wine.
him from across the room? Not that John was complaining, however: he loved the way Sherlock looked at him as if he were desperate to have him then and there, but that didn’t take away the fact that John felt very exposed in his current situation.
John slipped one finger inside of Sherlock, slowly moving it in and out, and Sherlock’s back arched off the bed.
Resting his forehead against Sherlock’s, John couldn’t stop his smile and soon Sherlock was smiling too, eyes shining, his heart swelling with free love for the first time in his life.
Once both of their feet were shoe-less, Sherlock rose from where he was sitting and held out a hand to John, helping him up. They ended up face to face, inches from each other. Sherlock’s hand stayed on John’s as they looked at each other; John’s eyes watching Sherlock’s lips as his tongue flicked out, wetting them slightly.
John turned away, not wanting to look at Sherlock for fear he might stay longer, and left. It was only when he was sitting in his cab, heading home, that he felt his eyes welling up. Yes, it was obvious Sherlock was falling for John. But it was only now that John realised he was actually falling for Sherlock as well.
Pulling into the wrought iron gates of a large, stately private school, the driver slowed to a crawl, making his way through rows of parked cars and crossing people, all dressed in stylish woollen coats and hats, until he reached a taxi bay where he pulled over to let John out. John handed the driver his money before leaving the vehicle, immediately feeling the cold seep through his thick winter coat. Snow dusted his hair and eyelashes, melting upon contact.
Sherlock chuckled low in his throat, before settling himself comfortably on the chair closest to John, angled so he was facing him.
John quickly glanced around to look out for the people talking and when he saw Sherlock accompanied by a tall, blond man heading straight for him he felt like he were going to throw up. Sherlock was engrossed in the conversation, so he didn’t see when John dashed behind a car to avoid him.
close. He began moving faster, taking the lead, using his hands to push Sherlock’s legs back so he could move deeper.
I'd like to give a huge thanks to my friend Ana aka WeepingKettle, who, since starting to read my fic, has become a really good friend of mine. Her support throughout me writing this has helped me endlessly and I'm forever grateful for the help she constantly offers me. <3
John supressed a giggle, picking up the sheet and flicking it so it lay out flat. “That’s all you needed to say, Sherlock. Here, I’ll show you.”
“Well—“ John wheezed in between desperate giggles. “—I guess they’ll just have to do for now, won’t they?”
“You can feel this, I know you can.” John’s voice wavered, threatening to give out on him. He used his thumb to wipe a tear from Sherlock’s cheek. “Please … don’t tell me to leave.”
Heading downstairs, John felt his phone vibrating in his pocket. Pulling it out, he saw Mary’s name flashing up, notifying him of a text she had sent just seconds earlier. And suddenly …
“John?” Sherlock whispered, quickly doing up his pants and coming over to John, who was trying to compose himself. Sherlock placed a hand on John’s shoulder. “
If you have any questions about anything regarding this fic, feel free to comment and I will answer as soon as possible.
A laugh escaped John’s lips as he sat up slightly to look at Sherlock’s face: it was sweaty and red and his curls were now damp and askew. He looked utterly beautiful. John kissed him, smiling still. This was where he needed to be. This was home to him.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he choked out, his voice muffled into Sherlock’s chest. He was holding desperately onto Sherlock like he was oxygen.
touch me,” Sherlock warned. The quiver in his voice made John’s chest ache. “Well? Was anything true?”
John blinked at Sherlock, hesitating, before smiling and responding. “God, I love you too, Sherlock.”
Sherlock could hear the water running in the bathroom as John splashed it over his face. Padding silently down the hall in bare feet, Sherlock stopped at the doorway and leaned against the frame, watching John bend over the sink as he washed the salt from his tears away from his face. He straightened up and looked into the mirror, his eyes falling on Sherlock. John looked exhausted; his eyes were dark and deeply pained, and the lines on his face seemed deeper and more pronounced.
“You haven’t seen anything yet,” John spoke. His tongue flicked out, licking the soft curve of Sherlock’s cupid’s bow. His voice was almost a growl. “Inside.
“An old friend,” Sherlock was quiet, not offering any more information and John had a feeling this person was more than an ‘old friend’. John understood the silence from Sherlock, however, and chose not to pry into it.
. And, he hated to admit, he was bloody bored of it. Sighing, John switched off the light in the bathroom and made his way down the hall to his bedroom.
Sherlock’s moans were echoing through the studio, which was now void of music. John didn’t want to stop; he didn’t want to give in to his conscience. He was sick of listening to his conscience. And yet now, with his thoughts roaming to Mary, his vigour had suddenly left him and he was left feeling empty and guilty. He moved away from Sherlock, pushing past, and stood with his back to him, his face in his hands.
Sherlock’s eyes were dark as they stared into John’s, unreadable as he processed what he had just said. He looked as though he were contemplating a million different responses before settling on something.
He followed her through past the stairs that led up to Sherlock’s flat, into her small kitchen, where she pulled off her raincoat and hung it, dripping, on the hook on the back door. John perched himself on the edge of the seat by her dining table, pulling off his coat which was dripping water all over the floor.
“Yeah. Yeah, I guess so.” John was lost in thought, thinking about the possibility of telling Mary the whole truth. The thought of losing her was terrifying and it made him itch to have another strong drink, just to settle his nerves.
“Just tell me one thing … was any of this the truth? Or was it all lies?” His voice whispered out across his lips, almost too quiet for John to hear over the din of the train station.
Arriving in front of 221B, John looked up at Sherlock’s windows and saw the curtains drawn. John could have sworn Sherlock wasn’t there, except for the sudden ripple of the curtain as it was pulled aside infinitesimally and a dark figure stood stoically, staring down at John.
“But … the wedding! It’s only four weeks away, John. We still need to confirm the caterers, send out the invitations,
John took in a breath at the sight, drinking in Sherlock’s sculpted chest. He was, for lack of a better word, flawless. Dancing had proved to be a wonderful direction, creating a toned physique that made John
Following him down the stairs, John was feeling even more confused; why was he acting so strange? He seemed to be harder to read, more flighty, and a little less Sherlock than usual.
,” she said, crouching in front of him so they were face to face. “John, what happened? Talk to me.”
He knew this would happen eventually, but seeing it in writing suddenly made it feel more final than ever. He felt like once Sherlock left London, he was officially leaving his past with John behind and moving onto bigger and better things. He wanted to be happy for him, and a part of him was, but he couldn’t stop the feeling jealousy that he could just leave so easily. Of course there was nothing tying him to London anymore, not now that John was moving on too.
. Sherlock paused, waiting for John to become more comfortable and when John nodded his assent, Sherlock slowly pulled at John’s underwear, allowing them to fall to the ground. John’s erection sprang free and Sherlock just
He knew immediately he had said the wrong thing when Harry’s face twisted from stern into incredulous anger.
“I’m …” John glanced back at the door, making sure Mary wasn’t standing at the window listening. “I’m good, now that I’m talking to you.” Another nervous glance. “I … I miss you.”
John closed his booklet when the lights dimmed entirely, shrouding the theatre in darkness. The din of voices subsided in expectation.
John was conflicted – of course he loved Mary, that much was certain. However, he had always been of the opinion that if someone cheated on their partner, then obviously they couldn’t have loved that deeply after all.
John took a step forward, aching to hold him, and when Sherlock automatically recoiled away from him, his heart felt as though it were shattering into a million fragments and he was suddenly afraid wouldn’t be able to put them back together again.
“Of course he won’t!” Mrs. Hudson laughed. “People don’t exist just to fit into your mould of how life should be, John. It’s not as black and white as you’re trying to make it out to be. Especially not in Sherlock’s case.”
John opened his mouth to automatically deny the truth that Mary was saying, but he faltered, feeling too exhausted to continue his lie.
John grabbed a fistful of the front Sherlock’s coat and pulled him into him, pressing their lips together, hard. At this stage, he didn’t care who saw the pair together – he only knew he needed Sherlock like he needed the blood that was currently pumping violently through his veins. He smiled into Sherlock’s mouth, using his teeth to gently pull at his lower lip, prompting a whining groan to escape from Sherlock.
John placed a hand on his arm, settling the tremor in his hand as he reached inside his pocket for his money. Raising his eyebrows, he didn’t break eye contact with Sherlock, and handed over his own cash before Sherlock could with the driver who grunted his thanks. He was enjoying this game of distraction with Sherlock, who was melting into his hands easier than he thought would be possible.
The motion of removing John’s shoes and socks so he was left with bare feet felt incredibly intimate and the feeling was increased when Sherlock’s soft hands touched his bare skin, almost massaging the sole of his foot, before he placed his foot back and moved onto John’s right. Doing the same motion, Sherlock’s firm pressure felt incredibly pleasant on his weary feet. Once he had removed his last sock, storing it away, Sherlock left John’s foot sitting in his lap, resting his hand on his bare skin for a moment, before he moved it back to its original position. Silently, John moved his legs into a cross-legged position and leaned forward, starting the same motions on Sherlock’s feet.
Trying not to feel rejected, John allowed the rest of the ride pass in silence, mulling over Sherlock’s queer mood. Sadly, he realised that Sherlock was possibly not used to allowing others to take care of him, especially when he was feeling vulnerable and nervous. John promised to himself to take it slow, to allow Sherlock to gradually get used to the idea that he was allowed to be cared for and was allowed to show his worry instead of holding it in.
“Oh don’t start,” John sat his plate down on the bench, deciding to forgo cleaning it so he could leave the kitchen, therefore leaving Mary to her rage. He knew it was a petty argument, but deep down it felt good to just yell for the sake of yelling.
Sherlock’s response came through only seconds after John had sent his. His response made John smile, deep in his heart.
“It was fine.” He answered curtly. “Actually, Mary, I’m pretty exhausted – I just want to go to sleep. We can talk in the morning.”
Pulling into the small church, John spied the familiar faces of his friends and colleagues and he felt his stomach twisting again. Ignoring the feeling that he wanted to run as far as he could, he emerged from the car and made his way through the entrance into the chapel, smiling at his friends along the way.
“Very likely, I think. I’m acquainted with the manager, so I have a feeling he will put in a good word for me.”
He collapsed onto him, his face in Sherlock’s neck. Both men were still breathing heavily, John staying inside of Sherlock, his cock twitching slightly. His head was fuzzy and he couldn’t form coherent sentences except for expletives.
Suddenly, John felt like he couldn’t stop the words bubbling from his throat. “Would you consider trying again, Sherlock? With me?”
John crawled up to join Sherlock in bed, who was laying with his hand over his eyes, his breath still coming in hard bursts.
We have a mix of performances for you tonight, including movements from the Nutcracker and Sleeping Beauty. We also would like to welcome Sherlock Holmes, one of SDA’s newest teachers, who will be performing a special self-choreographed ballet for us.
Glancing quickly at Sherlock, whose inscrutable gaze was still on his face, John closed his eyes and began to sway from side to side, allowing himself to find the beat in the music, letting the woman’s soft tones guide him. Yet when he really started to
This couldn’t be happening. John breathed out Sherlock’s name, almost a protestation, and suddenly, John couldn’t help himself. He rushed up to Sherlock and placed his hands on the sides of his face, clutching onto him the way the shore held onto the ocean, with urgent fingertips, wanting all of him before he receded once again. Sherlock closed his eyes at John’s touch, tears finally spilling down his face.
After his shower, he changed into his clothes from the day before, feeling slightly dirty, and found Sherlock in the living room, standing at the window and staring absentmindedly out onto Baker Street below. John walked up next to him and placed a hand on the small of his back, joining him in looking out the window – it was beginning to rain, a light dusting of moisture misting over London.
As if she had heard his thoughts, the door opened and Mrs. Hudson stepped over the threshold, a bright blue rain jacket on, her hands laden with two rubbish bags.
John placed soft kisses on Sherlock’s lips, small pecks one after the other. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed, his lips pressing into John’s with each kiss, aching for more.
John woke on the day of his wedding with a knot in his stomach. He was lying in his bed alone with Mary staying at a friend's house so the next time he saw her she would be walking down the aisle, glowing in her wedding dress. Everything had been leading up to this moment and yet, even hours before their wedding, John still felt trepidations about it.
John then began the same motion, pulling off his own jacket and shirt, and discarding them carelessly on the floor beside him. He took a moment, watching Sherlock face as his eyes roved over his chest, noting all the perfectly imperfect things about John: all the scars and blemishes and the way his muscles moved underneath his slightly tanned skin. Sherlock drew in a breath, astonished at the fact that John Watson was finally in his bedroom, getting undressed in front of him.
“I’m sure you’ll do just fine,” Sherlock crooned, his hands softly fitting into John’s skin. “Just relax.”
After the performance came to an end, the crowd erupted into loud applause and John applauded with them, shocked at the fact that he had truly appreciated the performance. Growing up, he had never watched ballet before, finding it particularly boring, and choosing instead to follow other sports and focus on academia; this was an entirely new experience and he had thoroughly enjoyed it.
That evening, over their dinner, Mary sucked in a breath, before reaching out and covering John’s hand with her own. He looked up at her from his food and felt his stomach flip at the sight of her serious expression.
“I miss you too,” he answered and John was now certain he was smiling from just the sound of his voice through the phone. His voice sounded brighter when he was smiling.
“Wow, tell us what you really feel, love,” John said with a small smile. He had called Sherlock ‘love’ before realising it was coming out of his mouth and he was worried Sherlock would feel uncomfortable with the term, however he seemed relaxed, watching John coolly as he drank his tea.
"I was just thinking … don't you think there's a reason you cheated in the first place?" she asked thoughtfully. "What if that reason is because you shouldn't be doing this? I ... I love you too much to see you make the same mistake mum and dad did."
I wanted to add in a little bit of canon here, adding my twist to it, so I hope you all think it's okay.
However, he knew tomorrow was a new day and with that, he wasn’t sure how things were going to play out. He thought he had a plan, but now that seemed to have been thrown out the window. The wedding was looming closer and John knew he had to decide what to do before it was too late.
“Wait … job interview? What job interview? Sussex?” John was suddenly very aware that he was almost panicking. If Sherlock got a job in Sussex, that meant that he would move there. That meant that John would either not be able to see him anymore, or somehow he would have to either move to be with him or travel back and forth between London and there. He couldn’t believe Sherlock would leave him behind so easily.
John made a conscious effort to soften the frown on his face as he focused on the tender music echoing through the studio, allowing it to seep into his muscles and skin. He made an effort not to try and think about where Sherlock might be in the room, only allowing his voice to guide him. He purposely attempted to
“Oh how lovely,” she said, clasping her hands together, her red lips pulled into a grin. “Who is it?”
His anger slowly abated as he walked, washing away with the rain that was on his face and soon he realised he didn’t know where he was going. He looked around and recognized he was on route to Baker Street, so he followed the path there, turning onto the street and watching 221B move closer with every step he took.
“I …” John couldn’t tell him. He just couldn’t. He wanted to shout and scream and tell him he was engaged to someone who he wasn’t sure he even loved and he didn’t know what to do about it. He wanted to tell him that he wanted to be with him instead of his current girlfriend, but instead he let another lie escape his lips. “I just don’t want our first time to be like …
the music to truly feel it ... and now John felt he really understood what he had meant by that. John could read the story Sherlock was telling; he could feel every ounce of passion Sherlock was giving him. It was heart-breaking and exhilarating all at once.
Once he was done, he beckoned Sherlock back inside and they both wriggled under the clean sheets, their skin soft against the luxurious cotton. John held his arm out for Sherlock to snuggle into his chest and soon enough, Sherlock had entangled himself into John’s body, his legs twisting into John’s and his arms wrapped around his waist. He buried his face in John’s neck and pressed soft kisses into the delicate skin.
“What’s wrong with you?” she questioned brazenly, opening the door wider so she could lean on the door frame.
“Take off your jacket and let me have a look at you properly,” Sherlock commanded, moving up to John and nearly ripping his jacket off him in a flurry.
John laughed. “Enough about the shoes already! Yes, you can take me shoe shopping. I’ll text you in the morning, yeah?”
“We need to fill these out and you can post them once they’re done, okay?” Mary said as they pulled into their driveway and parked up.
“Sherlock,” John placed his tea on the floor and reached out to grasp onto Sherlock’s hand; it was trembling slightly, and not from the cold. “I know it won’t mean much anymore and I know it might be past the point now, but … I promise I will never lie to you ever again. If I could go back and do things differently, I would in a heartbeat. I will
There was a smattering of applause as the curtain on the stage began to slowly rise, revealing a large stage, empty expect for a tall Christmas tree positioned in the back left corner, twinkling softly with white Christmas lights.
There was a brief moment of silence in which John waited with baited breath. Something was happening, he could tell by the way Sherlock lips were pulled into a tight smile; John’s stomach was suddenly doing flips.
Sherlock was tall, John noted, and he had an intensity about him that made John curious to talk to him to try and unravel the mystery he seemed to hold. He had dark hair which was slicked back across his head stylishly, and a jawline that would rival George Clooney. He was wearing a fitted light blue collared shirt that was rolled up at the sleeves, tucked into a pair of tailored slacks, all of which was finished off with some dark, pinstripe braces. He was stylish and tall and handsome and everything John felt that he wasn’t.
“Right, you!” he said, laughing as he grabbed onto Mary’s waist and pulled her down onto his lap, tickling her sides and assaulting her with kisses in the same way she did to him just moments prior.
“I’m doing this for you!” John huffed, becoming more and more irate as the minutes wore on. “I’m doing this so I don’t look like a complete plant pot at our wedding!”
Sherlock’s lips pulled into a small smile and he uncomfortably shifted in his seat, his eyes meeting John’s and then falling to the garden in front of them.
John pushed through the exit and came to a standstill out in the snow, allowing the cold to filter into his skin. He flexed his hands automatically, trying to calm himself down and figure out what to do now – there were no more trains that would take him back home until the next morning, so instead he decided to call a cab to pick him up and take him back to his hotel for the night.
have second thoughts,” she said, repeating his words. “Well, here’s what I need from you: if you truthfully do still want to be with me, you need to be 100% in this, John. None of this second thoughts business - you’re either in this or you’re not. You need to be sure this is what you want. Before the wedding.”
John was pulled up to his feet by Sherlock, watching in confusion as Sherlock pulled out his phone and pressed a button – a familiar song flowed out of the speakers, filling the room with its lamentations. John recognised it immediately.
do me a favour and let me know if you can think of any reason we should continue with this wedding.” he spat, before moving into the living room to sit down to his laptop. John knew he had cut deep because of the silence from Mary. Usually she was quick to retort, but instead all he could hear was her cleaning dishes in the kitchen; her silence was resounding.
The admission of love she held for John was uncommon and it made John shift uncomfortably in his spot on the floor. She was wrong, he thought. If there was anyone he wanted to avoid emulating regarding relationships, it was his parents. Both Harriet and John had seen the stunted marriage between their parents flounder as they were growing up, and they had also seen what can happen when a relationship like that is left to its own devices instead of being terminated once and for all.
. The way Sherlock was begging John was too much: his voice needy and small, mingling with slight gasps. John had never experienced something so sexual in his life and they weren’t even undressed yet. The music had finished, leaving their heavy breathing the only melody to be heard.
John was a mess and he hated the fact that at her soft touch, he found himself closing his eyes and moving into it, his lips brushing her palm. He needed to be told it was all going to be okay and, somehow, Mary’s touch provided that. For a moment, John had left everything behind and he only existed in this moment, allowing himself to not feel like his whole world was crashing around him.
John groaned as she sat down on the end of his bed and yanked the blankets belligerently off his face. He eventually had to sit up, allowing the blankets to fall off him completely, his tired eyes meeting Harriet's.
John blinked slowly, turning to look at her – his brain was processing her words slower than usual. His words came out even slower: “Mm … I’m not ready yet. It’s hard …” What was hard? The dancing itself or concentrating with Sherlock Holmes in the room?
John felt he must have looked like a bit of a dick, standing out in the rain, staring up at the building, crying quietly. His hair was sopping wet, water dripping into his eyes, not even a waterproof coat to protect him from the elements. He stared at the numbers on the door, contemplating whether he should knock and ask Mrs. Hudson if he could go upstairs. She wouldn’t be aware of the current situation between the pair, so it wouldn’t be like she would have any reason to send him away.
“You’re uptight in your shoulders, particularly your left, previous injury, I bet. And your shoes are exacerbating the problem. You need to loosen up before we try anything - my form of teaching will not work if you’re not
“Right. I’d best finish up here. Meet you outside?” John urgently wanted Sherlock to leave so he could finish up posting the invitations without him seeing what they were and his best bet was to ask Sherlock to wait elsewhere.
Slowly, Sherlock started to move, using John as leverage as he moved himself up and down guiding John inside of him. John groaned into Sherlock’s skin, slowly moving with him, feeling the deep pull inside his stomach that told him he was
He expected Harry to blow up, to slap him, to tell him what a complete idiot he was, but instead she did none of those things, she only blinked at him, her mouth left open. John took another sip of his drink before continuing, wanting to fill the silence that was stretching out before them.
John stopped in his tracks, his back to Harriet, contemplating turning around to continue his argument with her. He wanted to scream at her that he wasn’t a fucking coward. That loving Sherlock was the only brave thing he had ever done in his life. Instead he steeled himself and marched on around the corner to the elevator door, punching his fist into the button. The alcohol had made him livid, but not with Harriet.
Justifying his affair with Sherlock was becoming easier as time went on and the guilt was starting to lessen. He found it easy to tell Mary a lie wrapped in half a truth and allow it to spill from his lips like silk.  The only time he truly felt sick was when he thought about what Sherlock would think if he ever found out – he knew it would be over if he ever did, and John felt terrified at the thought, his stomach in knots whenever he allowed himself to think about the problem he had started too deeply. He knew, from last night, that Sherlock suffered from nightmares and he was afraid that if he ever found out about John’s engagement to another person that Sherlock would forever be tormented by trust issues which would prompt even more nightmares to surface.
John ran his hands raggedly through his hair, trying to find some way at least to make Sherlock stay and listen, but Sherlock turned away and made his way to the train. John could see a slight shake in his squared shoulders and he knew he was finally allowing himself to cry. John watched him leave, helpless, feeling as though Sherlock had taken a part of him with him onto the train. He felt raw because of it. He was suddenly empty.
He was talking to himself more than John, but John was happy to let him ramble, enjoying the way Sherlock’s eyes would rapidly dart around as if he were reading something in front of his eyes. He watched his lips form around the words, faster than he could think was possible, yet still precisely perfect in their diction.
“Sherlock … I’m getting married. And you’re moving to Sussex.” John pulled his arm from Sherlock’s grip and breathed in, steadying himself. “I have to go … I’m sorry.”
John went to turn away from Sherlock to run inside back to his wedding, but Sherlock reached out and grabbed his arm, forcing him to look into Sherlock’s face; his eyes were pleading.
to be sorry for,” he spoke, more aggressive than he intended, but it was all he could do to avoid bursting into tears again. “I’m sorry for not coming to you sooner, Sherlock. You needed me and I refused to listen. I haven’t slept in days because all I can think about is . . .”
“John, nothing’s set in stone just yet. It’s just an interview. Did you not hear me when I asked you to come? I … I want you to … I want you to come with me.” Sherlock suddenly sounded very small. “Please.”
John attempted to suck air into his lungs, but he felt like he couldn’t get enough. He was suddenly overwhelmed and part of him wanted to say
“You’re just … the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen,” John offered. “I didn’t think it was possible for me to love someone as much as I love you.”
They pulled up outside the train station and Sherlock quickly thrust a handful of notes at the driver and silently exited the vehicle. They made their way to the platform walking side by side, Sherlock carrying his overnight bag. John still felt stupid that he didn’t have a change of clothes and almost annoyed at the fact, but he felt it shouldn’t ruin their weekend away, so he decided to leave it.
“What are you doing here?” John asked once they were in the privacy of his office, not wanting to sound panicked, but instead coming off as curt and rude.
Mary narrowed her eyes, a small smile playing at her lips. “Okay then. If you’re not drunk, can you walk in a straight line for me, love?” she said, her voice overly innocent and light.
“No, no, I was just … I like the valley one.” John quickly answered, pointing to one of the options.
Also: Benjamin Britten who I referenced in the story was a well known 19th century gay composer who has a really interesting story, including his love letters that have since been released that he sent to his lover and partner of 35 year, Peter Pears. If you guys get a chance,
“No,” Sherlock answered, using two of his fingers to pinch the bridge of his nose. “Something is very wrong, John.”
John hung up the phone and idly let it slip from his fingers onto the bed in front of him. He closed his eyes and used his fingers to pinch the bridge of his nose, exhaling loudly.
Sherlock slowly moved his mouth down over John’s cock, taking him in his entirety, before moving back up to the head, resuming his ministrations of delicate licking and suckling. Moving down to his base again, allowing his entire mouth to suck him in, John swore loudly, his hand still entwined in Sherlock’s tanned curls.
Then Mary’s ex David came onto the scene and John being a naturally jealous person decided he was going to pick a fight with him any chance he got. Mary had explained what felt like millions of times that they were
John said his goodbyes and hung up the phone, feeling elated. He was excited to go on a trip with Sherlock, even if it did mean the possibility of him moving. It was only when he turned to go back inside, putting his phone in his pocket, that he realised the reality of the situation.
John watched from behind a pillar as the pair continued their conversation in the warmth of the car and after a moment, Lucas leaned over to Sherlock, one hand rising to cup his cheek, and he placed a lingering kiss on Sherlock’s lips. John couldn’t stop himself from becoming insanely jealous at the sight and he had to resist the urge to storm over to the car and punch the blond man’s smug face as he pulled away, smiling coyly.
“Oh for goodness sake,” Mary sighed, rolling her eyes. “You do realise it’s only 4pm, yeah? You’re wasted, John.”
“Well, I was thinking, since it’s Friday, we could do fish and chips for dinner and cake to finish,” Mary gestured to her baking again. “That should make things a little brighter, yeah?”
Pulling away, John dropped Sherlock’s hand and took a step back, his hand coming up to touch his lips and feel the echo of Sherlock’s kiss, the taste of him still lingering on his mouth.
“D’you, uh, d’you mind if I—“ John dropped his hands from Sherlock and awkwardly took a step backwards, clearing his throat. Sherlock’s heart dropped as his touch disappeared and he knew that John was going to try and excuse himself from the situation again. “D’you mind if I go clean myself up a bit? Wash my face? I just don’t think going out for cake with my face looking like this would be very ideal.”
Sherlock’s eyes fell on John, a depth of emeralds and oceans and pearlescent blue; somehow John was forever discovering new shades throughout them and at this moment, he was enthralled.
“I don’t know what I’m doing wrong!” John groaned. He was frustrated as well, considering he was the one who had to repeat the moves over and over while Sherlock seemed to have criticism for everything he did. “Sherlock, I don’t know what I’m doing! This is pointless!”
Sherlock’s hands moved up to cover John’s and he pulled away from him, taking another step away from John. The space between them was beginning to feel like a stretch of time, an empty plain of space where the only thing that held them together was a thin thread.
John was bloody nervous. He had walked to the dance studio from his work after he had finished at 4pm – it was now 4:24 and he knew his dance instructor would be inside waiting for him to come in at 4:30. He had decided to keep the fact he was practicing for his wedding to himself because all he could imagine was going in there and coming out mortified after the instructor told him he was a lost cause and there was no point in him continuing with their lessons.
John breathed out, nodding determinedly, and then decided to really focus on the woman’s voice. She was singing about … drugs? …
“Harry, I didn’t …” John felt himself crumbling again, withering under her gaze. His voice was small and he felt as though he were a child again, being reduced to tears by his father. “I’m sorry.”
Standing on the sidewalk, John was very aware of the fact that this very much felt like the end of a date moment: the moment where the couple awkwardly kiss, or one invites the other around to their apartment and a night of hot sex ensues. And when Sherlock hailed a cab down, he almost thought Sherlock was going to lean in for a kiss (and would he have said no if he had tried?). But instead, Sherlock simply opened the door for John, smiled and bid him a goodnight.
Sherlock seemed to blush slightly, colour rising in his cheeks. “You’ll do just fine. I’ve written down every separate movement so you have it on paper – that way if you’re ever stuck you can refer back to this.”
Before John got to the top of the stairs, he could hear the sound of soft classical music coming from behind it and although John could not name the piece, or the composer, it stirred some resemblance in his mind. John glanced at his watch again: 4:32pm
Mary stifled another giggle, smiling at John, before she placed a hand on his cheek and planted a kiss on his lips. “Of course I know you’re doing it for me,” she said, her blue eyes twinkling. “I think it’s a lovely idea. When do you start?”
“Can I see you before we leave? Tomorrow?” Sherlock asked. “I still need to take you shoe shopping because god knows I can’t be seen with you if you’ll be wearing those
John rolled his eyes at his sister and drank the rest of his tea in silence. He was feeling more relaxed after talking to Harriet and felt ready to start preparing himself to go to the chapel.
There was silence for a beat, before John realised he could hear someone moving in the kitchen. Rising from his bed, John slipped out of the blankets and padded down the hall silently, towards the source of light from the kitchen.
John suddenly felt as though his blood had run cold. Sherlock was holding in his hand a familiar piece of card – lace trim, bone white, inscribed with a very familiar cursive: Mary’s writing. Sherlock, whose face was entirely calm, extended his hand that was holding one of John’s wedding invitations to him, but John, feeling as though there were suddenly a million bees buzzing around in his head, couldn’t bring himself to take it from him.
He used his hands to pull Sherlock up and turned so he could push him onto his back onto the bed. He then crawled onto the bed with him, straddling his ankles so he could pull of Sherlock’s trousers and throw them on the ground. Sherlock helped him to next pull off his underwear, shimmying out of them. He was rock hard and John was ridiculously dazed at the sight. He couldn’t believe it. He couldn’t believe that this beautiful, otherworldly man wanted
But friends don’t feel the kind of attraction John felt for Sherlock. Friends don’t watch their other friend’s lips, greedily taking in the sight, wishing they could bite them, pushing their tongue inside to taste. Friends don’t think about sucking on the white flesh of their friend’s neck, imagining the bruise that would form underneath his mouth. And friends certainly don’t think about burying themselves deep inside their friend’s ass, wondering whether the noises they would make would be soft and needy, or loud and raw and wanton. John was growing hotter as his thoughts grew wilder by the second and he had to bite down on his hand to stop himself from touching himself in bed next to his girlfriend who had fallen back asleep. Suddenly his phone lit up with a text. Opening it up, John let out a quiet groan as he saw Sherlock’s text.
“Benjamin Britten,” his low voice was commanding and John stood in silence, watching the man as he rose from the piano and began to walk over to where John was, passing the countless mirrors which were all over the walls. “He conducted that piece with the English Chamber Orchestra. You missed the first 13 minutes.”
John moved back and looked up at the window and still the dark eyes were watching John from above, impassable and scrutinising. John opened his arms wide, almost challenging Sherlock to come down as he took a few steps back to look up to where Sherlock was.
Mary leaned in towards John, a small smile on her face. “I can’t wait to be Mrs. Watson,” she murmured, placing one hand on his cheek.
So I have to let you guys know, this was a big struggle for me to finish this and the following chapters. I've just become really ill and it as been affecting my concentration and ability to comprehend words, meaning writing has been very difficult for me.
Sherlock was blushing profusely, his cheeks growing a tinge of pink, and John couldn’t help but reach out and place his hand on Sherlock’s cheek, grazing his thumb over his hard cheekbone, feeling the soft, plush skin underneath his fingers. Sherlock let a small smile grace his lips and John’s heart fluttered at the sight. Suddenly, the café seemed to be deathly silent, all except for John’s beating heart and Sherlock’s shaky breath.
The pair sat in silence, listening to the fire crackle pleasantly. Their eyes regarded each other seriously – something between them felt different, like there had been a shift in between the time of their confrontation at the wedding and now. The distance that had once separated them had now been crossed, allowing them to find each other again.
, John wanted to finish, but it would have been too much for him to allow himself that liberty. Sherlock was hurting and he needed to allow him to hurt before he messed with his head any more than he already had. “A-and . . . I’m sorry for hurting you. Christ, I’m so sorry for hurting you.”
. He felt as if he were being melded into one with him, his consciousness being pulled from him so he could only exist in a world where he was with Sherlock and Sherlock only.
“Don’t laugh at this,” John began, trying to gain some sense of clarity so he could find the words, “but I think I’ll remember this day for the rest of my life.”
By the end of their lesson, John was desperate to kiss him, but he held himself back, repeating to himself that he was
with Sherlock and now he wasn’t. He was reminded of what he had lost and the memory of it felt like sand slipping through his fingers.
“Of course,” John responded immediately. He felt it would mean the ultimate demise of their relationship if Sherlock got the job and moved there, but deep down, he knew he would follow Sherlock anywhere. He wanted to be with him, even if it meant travelling to Sussex and back every week. Somehow, he would make it work. “Just tell me when, I’ll come.”
“I thought you’d be more pissed off with me cheating on Mary, but instead you’re going on about the fact that our dad will be disappointed that he has two gay kids?” John and Harriet’s banter was always easy and it helped soothe John’s anxiety, allowing him to focus on something else.
Rolling his eyes, John walked out of the kitchen into the living room and sat down at his laptop which was sitting left open on the table with an article on hyperbilirubinemia in infants. He sat down to it and attempted to ignore Mary by involving himself in the words on the screen in front of him.
She folded her arms across her chest and regarded John seriously, her breath steaming in front of her, curling above her head in slow, thick tendrils. Shaking her head, she moved forward in her slippers, reaching out a hand to place it on John’s arm, stopping him from pacing up and down in front of her.
“Yeah, uh—“ John didn’t know where to start. “I’m a bit shit, to be honest.” He answered truthfully.
Sherlock eyed John for a beat, noting the light sheen of sweat across his lip and the jittering movements – he seemed a lot more uptight compared to when they were talking inside. Perhaps he was nervous about them having dinner together, Sherlock surmised with a small smile.
Looking at John’s face, Sherlock moved his hands up to his forehead and softly smoothed out the remaining frown lines so John didn’t look so troubled in his sleep. How many times had he wanted to touch this man in this way? How many times had he seen John sleeping and all he wanted to do was to sleep next to him, feeling his warmth? Holding onto him when he woke with his nightmares?
John rolled onto his side silently, placing one hand in front on the couch in front of him and without thinking, Sherlock delicately used his left had to intertwine their fingertips. Watching John’s face slowly begin to smooth out, he used butterfly soft movements to map out the shape of his hands and fingers. They had held hands before, of course, but for some reason, in this moment of complete vulnerability, Sherlock felt as if his heart were going to burst from his chest from how much he loved the man in front of him. Sherlock knew him doing this was a slight violation of privacy, that John hadn’t given Sherlock permission to be this close and to hold him like he was, but at this moment in time, all he could feel was John’s warm hand in his and his heart beating in his chest.
He walked through the maze of cars in the dark parking lot, on his way out to the sidewalk to meet his cab, his breath ghosting out in front of him. Suddenly, he heard a man’s voice travelling towards him.
“Why the phone call? Not that I’m complaining of course.” John was walking back and forth from his front gate to the front door, a small smile on his lips. Christ, he was acting like a bloody smitten school girl.
Sherlock whined, deep in his throat as John twisted his hand around underneath his cock and through to his ass, where his finger settled itself over his hole, gently stroking him. He seemed to be lost in ecstasy, high off John’s scent and amour. His lips crashed into John’s, seeking out his mouth and pushing his tongue inside, moaning as he did so. John could have listened to the depraved sounds Sherlock was making for the rest of eternity.
Next chapter includes copious amounts of sexual frustration and (because I'm a sucker for awkwardness) a sad wank. ;)
John ran his hands over his face and let out a hollow chuckle, rubbing his fingers over his eyes, which felt strained from crying.
There was a sigh from Sherlock before he blurted out a bunch of words, making it impossible for John to gather what he was saying. “I’mgongtwointervewaniwanyoutocome—“
“You’re coy and you know it.” John breathed, watching Sherlock’s pupils dilate as John leaned in closer. “It’s okay to be coy. I like it.”
Another sigh. “John. I … I am going for a job interview on Sunday. In Sussex. I want you to come with me. For support.”
“Do you have any idea how to make a bed, Sherlock?” John asked once Sherlock started to get incredibly frustrated.
Sherlock sighed, placing his cup down on the saucer and turned to look Mrs. Hudson in the face. “Wonderful. Thank you for the tea, Mrs. Hudson. Perhaps you should go and finish up your cleaning or whatever you do when you’re not making tea.”
“No. Never. Just you …” John said, swaying in time with the music. “It will always be just you, Sherlock Holmes.”
John pulled away and turned to throw her an incredulous look, staring Harry in the face. “What kind of bloody thing is that to say?”
beautiful – his eyes were closed with his eyelashes splayed out and his lips were left open in a perpetual sigh, shaking slightly. John had never felt more in love than in this moment and he knew, after lying awake pretending to be asleep and feeling Sherlock caressing his face and hands that now was a better time than ever.
John was led to a quaint bungalow in a suburban location in West Sussex and as Sherlock’s car pulled onto the side of the street, John indicated the cabbie could pull over a small way ahead so they wouldn’t notice him watching the pair from the car. John twisted in the backseat to watch as the blond man jumped out of the car and opened Sherlock’s door for him. Sherlock stepped out and said something to the Lucas, who laughed in response.
.” Mary’s sharp voice cut through his reverie. “I’ve been talking to you for the past five minutes – have you heard
John followed his sister in a daze, still reeling from the fact that she was in London when he had called. They moved into the elevator and he glanced at her as she swiped a keycard against the scanner and pressed the level they needed to go to. He noticed the deeper lines on her face and the faint dusting of grey that was slowly beginning to streak its way through her hair.
John’s heart seemed to swell as he watched this beautiful man profess his truth to him. Sherlock blinked up at John as he grasped onto Sherlock’s hand, which was sitting on the countertop, balled into a fist, betraying his nerves.
Sherlock was greeted warmly when he entered the restaurant by a portly Italian who grasped Sherlock’s hand and shook it enthusiastically. The man, who Sherlock greeted as Angelo, had a booming voice as he received the pair.
John didn’t know why, but he suddenly couldn’t stop the words from escaping his lips. He had been holding it in for so long, that he was almost revealing it to himself as well as Sherlock.
Sherlock opened his eyes, regarding John for a second before he pulled him in close, allowing John to relax completely into him. John could feel the sticky mess between them, but at that moment, neither of the men cared. They could shower together after. Right now, all that mattered was Sherlock’s lips on his ear.
“John, I want you to try something for me,” Sherlock spoke, kinder this time, his eyes softening as they watched John’s concerned face. “I’m not going to harm you or shake you about like I did earlier - I just need you to trust me.”
shoes!” Sherlock gestured to the brown loafers, his face looking as if a tragedy had taken place. “You were supposed to wear something else! Must I take you shoe shopping myself?”
“Wife to be. Engaged.” John struggled with the words, almost as though he were coming to terms with them all over again.
Sherlock allowed silence to stretch out between the pair as he mulled over the question. “Mostly,” he answered as he pulled his coat around him tighter to protect himself from the cold.
Sherlock’s bottom lip quivered and he closed his eyes, letting a few tears fall down his pale cheeks.
“I have to go …” John managed to say and Sherlock didn’t bother to hide his disappointment. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. I really am.”
“I don’t know what you’re so angry about, John, considering you’re the one who was acting like an arsehole yesterday with Joanne,” Mary angrily scraped her plate into the bin, her eyes boring into John’s face like fire.
John knew it was getting late. He had avoided looking at his phone, knowing he would have to tell Mary some excuse as to why he wasn’t going to be home that night. That could come later. Right now, he was starving and needed some food.
Sherlock took John by the hand, leading to the front door and as soon as it was opened, John pushed Sherlock inside, sending him back into the wall beside the door. John’s hands were on Sherlock immediately, pushing him against the wall with a loud thud, knocking Sherlock’s head against it. The wood smacked hard against his head, but Sherlock couldn’t concentrate, nor did he care, because the feeling of John’s lips on his jaw as his hands roamed freely was insanely distracting and the best painkiller he could ask for. Sherlock was quivering at the feeling of him suckling at the pale skin on his neck, drawing a faint pink bruise; this was everything he had been dreaming about during the restless nights he had spent at home alone. John was hungry for him, he couldn’t get enough, his hands couldn’t grasp enough flesh and –
As the weeks started merging into each other, John told himself every day that he would come clean to Mary, yet each day his cowardice forced the confession into the back of his throat and stuck it there, remaining a secret. He was slowly beginning to feel less like the man he wanted to be and as each day wore on, he became more gutless.
"No, she's running a late, so you've got time to relax a bit before we start." Charlotte's cheeks were flushed with excitement. "I can't believe the days finally here! She’s going to
“No, no, it’s fine. You have any more of that?” John pointed to the practically empty bottle of whiskey that was sitting on the bench.
Letting go of the counter he threw a challenging glance at Mary, before attempting to walk in a relatively sober fashion. Instead of walking in a straight line, however, he stumbled over his own feet and felt like he was going to fall forwards onto his face. Mary moved up to him, placing her arms on either side of him to steady him.
It wasn’t work that John was worried about – he was more worried about what he would tell Mary. Already his mind was running through a million different lies in his head.
“I’m unsure of what choice of clothing to wear … perhaps my Hardy Amies suit. Yes, I think that will do. You need to help me decide what shoes to wear as well … oh, who am I kidding? I’ve seen your taste in shoes. No, I’ll have to decide myself. Perhaps while I’m in the meeting you could check in at the bed and breakfast I’ve booked … John?”
Sherlock moved gracefully with the music, his face showing depth and intense emotion that connected him with the movements. He looked tall and lithe as he moved his body with elegant movements. John didn’t expect to be quite so enraptured by him, but as he moved across the floor, stepping into simple, yet powerful movements, John felt his heart swelling, his breath coming out in short bursts as he realised every so often that he was holding it. Sherlock twisted himself through the music, eyes falling on John, and then on himself in the mirror behind him, making sure everything he was doing was just so. Sherlock made it look so easy, but John soon became anxious at the thought of learning the steps.
John watched Sherlock grow smaller as the cab crawled away, merging into busy traffic. He mumbled his address to the driver, staring absentmindedly out the car window at the passing lights. It had started to rain, so the lights were slightly blurred and every so often, when the light hit him the right way, he saw his reflection staring back at him. He felt very nearly close to being drunk.
“Because I …” John felt his eyes welling with tears as he attempted to form a reason, yet he couldn’t manage any. Deep down, he was elated that Sherlock was here and he was even more elated at the fact that he
“I don’t know what to say,” John’s heart was in his throat. He felt as though he were going to throw up.
John hadn’t thought about his life turning out this way, but somehow, with sleep dragging him under, and the soft in between lull coaxing him, he was glad it did.
“Please don’t cry,” John breathed, his face inches from Sherlock’s. He extricated his hand from Sherlock’s hair and used his thumb to wipe away the tears from Sherlock’s face.
“What’s new?” John answered. He pulled his phone out and grimaced at the notification of a missed call from Mary – right now all the needed was a stiff drink, even if it was only 9am.
John suddenly didn’t know what to say – he didn’t know what he could do that would change things. He could tell Sherlock he didn’t love Mary. That he would leave her. That he would do anything for Sherlock to at least give him one more chance. Deep down he knew all of those excuses wouldn’t be enough to fix what he had done.
When Sherlock disappeared inside of the train, John felt his legs moving to rush up beside it and he peered through the windows to try and catch a glimpse of Sherlock one last time. He finally spotted him, walking through the aisle in an attempt to find a row of seats to himself. His coat collar was up, shielding his face from other passengers, but John could see the palpable pain etched on his face. He loved Sherlock with every inch of his soul and he hated himself for doing this to him. He hated himself for being so damn stupid. He hated himself because he knew he would never get him back.
“Sherlock, please open the door.” John called out, moving up to the front door and resting his forehead on the wood, knocking with one hand. The alcohol had made him brazen. “Sherlock … I know you’re in there.”
Harriet moved across the room and joined John at the window. “Work. And Gina wanted some space. I’m pretty sure we’re broken up.
Sherlock was rifling through his bag which was on the floor, pulling out scrunched up paper, some of which had scrawled writing and diagrams of certain dance moves across them, obviously penned from Sherlock’s hand. He then pulled out a flier and handed it to John.
“You know, I did have this feeling that something was going on with you, but I didn’t realise it would be something like this …” she narrowed her eyes, a small smile twisting at her lips. “So tell me … who was that?”
“Oh don’t worry about that, dear. It’s just a bit of water,” she said, turning to boil the kettle for a cup of tea. “You gave me a start standing out there in the rain. I was just about to watch a bit of Countdown, so I’m glad for the company. Do you take sugar, love?”
It sounded childish and silly to John, but all of a sudden, Sherlock’s emerald eyes were colliding with John’s and a wry smile played on his lips, before he uttered out a small: “
“Sorry,” she mumbled with an awkward laugh, rushing into the kitchen and hurriedly clearing away the mess. “I didn’t really expect visitors, you know.”
Mary was climbing back into bed when John left the bathroom; she had pulled back the covers on his side. When she settled into the covers, she patted the empty space beside her and beckoned him to join her. John perched himself on the side of the bed, water still dripping from his hair.
,” John scolded, feeling mortified. “See, this is why I wasn’t going to tell you in the first place! You—“
He crouched out of sight, peeking through a car window to watch the pair as they made their way past. Sherlock was wearing plain black trousers with a black sweater pulled on underneath his Belstaff coat, which was draped across his shoulders.
Except when he finally escaped, the air wouldn’t come. He kept gasping like a fish, his hands coming to rest on his knees as he stood outside. He couldn’t stop the tsunami of thoughts currently assaulting his brain. He couldn’t stop Sherlock from leaving. He couldn’t stop his heart from breaking. He couldn’t stop this.
There was a whistle, indicating the train’s imminent departure, and Sherlock picked up his bags, his lips pursed into a tight line, tears threatening to fall from his eyes.
“Sit,” he pointed to the back wall, gesturing to the floor. “I’m going to show you a piece that you’re going to learn over the next few weeks. I’ve been working on this over the weekend and really feel it works for you. I’ve used movements that will allow you to have a solid grasp on several concepts that you can incorporate into other songs and dances, including freeform, which we used last week. This can be danced either by yourself, or with a partner.”
As his voice reverberated through the air, Sherlock shrunk away from the window, the curtain falling back across the glass so John could no longer see him. John ran his hands through his hair, frustration bubbling in his chest.
“Well that’s the first thing on your list. You need a hard lesson in honesty, mister.” Mrs. Hudson’s demeanour was harsh, her eyes suddenly boring into John’s intensely. For such a small, kind woman, she was suddenly intimidating and demanding.
. John had to touch himself. He had to. He felt like he was going to faint from the pressure building in his cock.
He wove his way through the crowd and managed to find his way into the auditorium where there was a respite from the loud hubbub. He found a place at the back of the theatre, perching on his seat nervously, glancing at his watch.
The man twisted John around to face him, still grasping firmly onto his shoulders, before he began to shake him violently, back and forth and side to side.
“Oh, well … do make sure you dry off while you’re up there. You don’t want to catch a cold. There’s a nasty one floating around.”
John seemed to only hear the words as they came out of his mouth and he was almost shocked at the fact that he had said them himself. But of course they were true. Sherlock
“Right,” she nodded and stood aside, gesturing in the direction of the door. “I guess you’ve got some preparing to do.”
“You still haven’t shown me your dance skills,” she stated happily, a slight slur in her voice. “You’ve been having your lessons for a few weeks. I think it’s time for you to show me what you’ve got, John.”
John allowed himself a sad smile at the thought of Sherlock dancing happily after seeing John, but it was soon replaced with intense regret. Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t be hearing him dancing alone anymore, he mused.
“Oh!” Mrs. Hudson seemed to jump on the spot at this, her hands coming up to cover her chest in indignation. “I do apologise, John. Perhaps we will need to get to know one another some other time.”
“John, I never blamed you for feeling the way you do. I would never hold that against you; however I accept your apology. So . . . thank you.” Sherlock spoke carefully, watching John’s face closely as the doctor blinked back tears, not looking away from Sherlock’s eyes.
“Is that why you’re not in Sussex?” Mrs. Hudson was quiet, watching John attempt to think of a response. Her lips were pursed and she had her thin eyebrows raised, waiting expectantly.
I will be updating every 7 days with each chapter and I'm estimating there to be around 10 chapters. It gets pretty dark for John and I just want you guys to be aware of that, but to also stick by him.
was beyond John, but somehow Sherlock achieved that. John couldn’t help but imagine doing the worst things to Sherlock right there in the restaurant across the table, thinking about Sherlock crying his name.
She was slightly askew from a hard day and her short hair was lying in tight blonde curls on top of her head. She looked utterly beautiful and happy and it was then that John knew what a mistake he was making if he told her. He couldn’t tell her. Where would he go? Leaving her would mean he was left with
He had entered into a small concrete stairwell which had one set of stairs directly in front of him leading up to a wooden door; this had another sign stating he was indeed entering “Holmes Dance Studio”.
“I love it when you do that,” John spoke softly, his hand coming up to brush Sherlock’s pink cheek. “You look so
“I taught him to dance for his wedding – a surprise for his wife. He has a sturdy memory, Angelo – holds onto things – hence his friendship with me.” Sherlock answered, eyes moving over to where Angelo was serving another table. “He’s a good man.”
“I don’t remember the moves,” John protested as Sherlock placed his phone on the mantelpiece and pulled John into him, latching onto him firmly.
, he thought defiantly. He almost wished, deep in the well of his mind, that someone he knew was there to see the pair, so they would run back and tell Mary and everything would finally be out in the open, come what may.
,” Sherlock sighed, dropping the sheet. “I don’t know how to change my sheets. Mrs. Hudson usually does it for me. Happy now?”
“It’s a beautiful range,” she prattled, holding up the mock invitation. “Simple, elegant, and I think you’ll agree the print along with the valley motif complement each other wonderfully.”
Berating himself for not figuring out where he was supposed to go, John decided to follow the small groups of people, all obviously here to watch the Christmas show as well.
Just as he was moving off to sit back on the couch, Mrs. Hudson came to the open door, knocking with one hand, her other laden with a tray of tea. She sat the tray down on the coffee table in front of where Sherlock was sitting, and stood watching John who moved to sit next to Sherlock on the sofa. She was smiling kindly at the pair.
“Slowly,” John breathed, looking down at Sherlock for the first time. His heart sung at the sight: Sherlock on his knees, looking up at John through his dark eyelashes, his eyes nearly black with need, lips parted.
. He managed to form a sentence and felt his throat constricting with despair as he said it: “I can’t do this with you … not anymore. I’m getting married today.”
“This is unbelievable,” Mary said incredulously, shaking her head. “How long, John? How long has this been going on?”
Rain was showering down over London and it quickly dampened his clothes, creating a light dusting of moisture through his hair. He ran his hands through his it, not really knowing what he was doing. People around him were walking, hunched under umbrellas or sheltering under hoods as the rain started pelting down harder; many of them were hailing cabs to take them to their destination under the shelter of a car roof. John, however, just started walking, not really knowing where his feet were taking him, just following the footpath in front of him, and allowing the rain to soak him through.
Sure enough, once he had finished his wine and their plates had been removed, John finally decided enough was enough: it was time for him to go home to his fiancé. The fantasy was finished. Back to reality.
“Good evening, everyone. Merry Christmas and welcome to Sussex Dance Academy’s annual Winter Wonderland show,” a woman’s voice erupted from the speakers. “We’re so pleased to have everyone here tonight and we hope you enjoy what we have in store.
“Yeah. And … the way you looked in the light when I told you I loved you. The way your eyes seemed to see into my heart and know I was telling the truth.” John didn’t know what he was saying. He was drunk with sleep.
John waved his hand distractedly as he watched the blond lean forward, placing his hand on Sherlock’s arm, kissing him softly on his cheek. He scowled at the sight and was thankful that Sherlock moved up the steps to his front door alone while Lucas went back to his car and drove away.
Sherlock’s eyes widened at this. “I … John, this is all very sudden. I think you should go and we can talk another time. It’s late.”
“Just a nightmare,” John sniffed, moving his hands up to cover Mary’s. He gave her hand a squeeze and moved his lips onto it, allowing her comforting touch to envelop him. John closed his eyes, feeling more tears silently fall onto his pillow, before he felt himself slipping into the in between state of sleep and eventually his tears abated.
Making his way into the foyer, John was immediately overwhelmed by the huge crowd of people, all waiting to enter the theatre and take their seats. He managed to make his way through the crowd up to the front desk where he was greeted by an older woman with short brunette hair and a pair of glasses perched on her pointed nose.
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock’s voice was raised and he stood from his seat. “If you have nothing better to do than stand there and comment on your perception of my personality traits which are
much about you!” she said as she moved back, holding him at arm’s length to look over him. “What a handsome catch, Sherlock! Oh, how lovely!”
John, feeling enraged, turned around to face Mary. “Why are you marrying me then, Mary? All you seem to have is malicious thoughts about me, so
“We can talk about that later. Text me when you’re nearly here and I’ll meet you outside, okay?” Harriet was always blunt and to the point, somehow managing to get her way every time, and this was no exception.
“You don’t want to listen because you know it’s the truth!” Harriet yelled after him as he marched down the hall in the direction of the elevator. “You’re a bloody coward, John!”
He placed the pages on the floor and as John reached out to twist them around to face him so he could read them, Sherlock did the same, causing their hands to crash into each other. John drew his hand back quickly, feeling slightly embarrassed, however Sherlock just looked up at John with his green eyes sparkling. His lips parted in preparation to say something but instead he merely let out a small “sorry”.
John opened his mouth to apologise, but was cut short as Mary stormed off, getting into their car and slamming the door dramatically. She sat in silence, waiting for John to get into the driver’s seat. When he started the car, she crossed her arms, pursing her lips as she stared angrily out the window.
John knew at that moment that what she was saying was true. He needed to be sure and he needed live in the present which meant leaving behind Sherlock and embracing his relationship with Mary again. John had once told Sherlock he would follow him anywhere, but he understood now that by doing that, he would be burning down the home he had built with Mary. And yes, she deserved better than that.
“Marlene, I don’t exactly know what you’re insinuating here, but think you’ve got some paperwork to finish up. Best get onto that.” John ordered, scowling at her.
“Are you going to come in, or are you going to continue standing at the door looking confused?” Sherlock quipped, still sitting at the piano. He took off his glasses and placed them on top.
As the night wore on, John continued with his whiskey, soon becoming quite drunk. He sat on the couch next to Mary, the television becoming more blurred with each sip he took. She had bought a bottle of wine and was down to her last glass, which had made her slightly tipsy as well. She was sitting next to John, her toes tucked underneath his butt for warmth, attempting to pay attention to whatever they were watching, but ending up with her eyes on him, her thoughts roaming.
A low spotlight suddenly illuminated Sherlock’s lone figure, standing in the middle of the stage – his head was hanging down so his curls were falling in front of his face, obscuring him from the crowd. John thought he looked naked, but on closer inspection he realised he was bare chested, his taut muscles moving with every breath he took, and on his lower half were a pair of skin tight, flesh coloured men’s ballet tights that were high waisted, just reaching his belly button. He wore a pair of flesh coloured ballet shoes on his feet which were scuffed from use over the years he had owned them. In his dancewear, John marvelled at just how sculpted his body was – each muscle toned and shaped from years of dance.
“I’m sorry.” He offered as he pulled out into the street and began their drive home. “It’s just been a long day, is all.”
John groaned, pulling a face at Harry, before resuming his position of his head in his hands, staring down at the granite.
John moved one hand to Sherlock’s testicles, massaging them as he built up a motion, moving Sherlock in and out of his mouth expertly. John lightly grazed his teeth up Sherlock’s shaft and he felt Sherlock twitch underneath him at the sensation, swearing loudly.
As Charlotte continued babbling at John, his eyes travelled past her to a dark corner of the chapel where a figure, shrouded in shadow, was standing watching John's interaction. Suddenly, John felt goose bumps erupt all over his body and his hearing faded as he realised Sherlock Holmes was standing in his presence, here to see John leap into wedded bliss with Mary.
John turned and marched out into the car park, brushing unshed tears from his eyes. He wanted to turn around and tell Sherlock he still loved him, but he couldn’t. He needed to move on in his life and if that meant being with Mary, then so be it.
He could picture Sherlock in his head, the way he looked when John had reached into his pants and stroked down his length. The soft pouting of his pink lips as he gasped out John’s name. The desperate trill in his voice as John caressed him, eliciting small whines from his mouth.
“Can’t you just show me … a little bit?” Mary was now leaning into John, her hands perched on his thigh, a smile on her face. “
Chiming music began to fill the room and a lone ballerina ran onto the stage, dressed in a long white tulle tutu, a delicate silver tiara adorning her blonde hair. Beaming, she turned lithely, before flitting off into the wings again. John recognised the music flowing out of the speakers however, not having watched ballet before, he couldn’t place where it was from. As more ballerinas danced gracefully onto the stage and off again, John glanced into his programme and saw that this was called ‘
When John returned home, Mary was engrossed in an episode of her favourite cooking show, watching it on her tablet in the kitchen, flour dusting her cheeks as she followed the directions from the chef on screen. She looked as beautiful as ever, a deep frown gracing her forehead as she concentrated on the screen. Pausing the programme when John entered, she gleefully held up her mixing bowl, sending flour flying.
He was finding it easier to stay quiet when he woke from these nightmares, but on one occasion Mary had woken to his sobs, automatically wrapping her arms around him from behind, holding him tight. One hand snaked under his arm and came to rest above his heart, pulling him tight into her warm body.
“I brought you a snack,” Sherlock offered, smiling. He briefly added, his face growing slightly red: “You look very handsome in your work attire, John.”
Sherlock pulled back and made a motion to move back into his chair, but John held his hand, stopping him.
“Aren’t you getting married in, like, two weeks?” she replied, folding her arms and frowning at him. “I thought you and Mary would be well loved up.”
“I just don’t want to give myself to you only to have you leave again,” he said, leaning in closer to John now, his eyes softening. Their hands were slowly interlacing, fitting into each other comfortably.
“Mmm?” Sherlock’s voice was groggy and a lazy smile played at his lips, his eyes were closed happily.
“No … I’m not okay,” it was the only sliver of truth John felt like he had said in a few weeks and it tasted bitter on his tongue. When had he become such a fraud that telling the truth had begun to feel foreign to him?
John wheeled around and began pacing up and down in front of Harriet, who was watching him in silence. “Is it wrong for me to want to be selfish? Is it so wrong for me to want to stay with the woman I love?”
At the end of her soft, slightly off key rendition of the song, she turned him to face her. He knew the jig was up and he would have to give in to this wretched woman, but he kept his lips pursed and forehead in a frown of mock anger. Mary then placed a gentle kiss on the side of John’s cheek, which turned into more kisses until she was eventually planting wet, sloppy ones all over John’s face. He couldn’t help but let out a laugh as she continued her assault.
John smiled, looking down at his brown leather loafers. “Hey, I actually like these shoes!” he protested jokingly. “What’s wrong with them?”
And as the music echoed across the studio with a final haunting note, Sherlock opened his eyes to watch John coolly, speaking out across the room to him.
John turned and found Harriet still standing in the kitchen, staring John down with her intense anger, her eyes burning into John’s.
. He had isolated himself from his friends and family. His sister obviously wouldn’t welcome him into her home with open arms. And Sherlock? Well it was a whimsical fantasy that he would ever take John back. And if he told Mary, he would lose her too. He couldn’t do that – not right now.
John glanced at Marlene, who had returned to her desk. She was watching the pair with great curiosity, wondering at who this attractive, peculiar man was. John quickly ushered Sherlock into his office, wanting to get out of earshot of Marlene, who had the biggest mouth John had ever encountered.  All you had to do was tell one thing to Marlene and somehow everyone within a ten mile radius would know about it within the hour.
“You can do that whenever you want, you know.” John responded, before pausing for a beat and continuing: “You can have
It was only when she began to sway from side to side with him in her arms, forcing him to move with her, and softly trilling their song in his ear that he eventually had to give in and force out a laugh.
Sherlock silently sunk down, his mouth coming into contact with John’s torso, his tongue lapping up the taste of him. He moved down to his bellybutton and slowly kissing his way further south, and finally coming to his belt buckle. John’s head fell back, his eyes closing, because if he were to watch Sherlock doing this, he wouldn’t have been able to handle himself, nor be responsible for what he might have done next. He was excruciatingly attracted to Sherlock and his body was responding just as he thought he would. Heart racing, trousers feeling tight, sweat beginning to bead on his brow.
John would wake each time, gasping for air, spluttering into his pillow. His chest would be heaving as he tasted the echo of salt on his tongue. This was the type of pain that was built to last, soaking into his skin and settling itself in his bones like a disease.
Sherlock helped him, ripping his coat off in a flurry and discarding it on the floor beside them so John could resume his ministrations, his hands grazing down Sherlock’s back. Sherlock’s eyes closed as he felt John’s fingernails, a loud moan escaping his lips.
The pair sat down to a light breakfast, although John didn't have much of an appetite, so instead he sipped his tea and pushed his toast around on his plate.
“Come on inside out of the rain, quickly now.” She dashed out into the rain and placed a hand on his back which was wet through to his skin, leading him into the shelter of her home.
John called and ordered the takeaway and when it arrived, he slipped into one of Sherlock’s many silk dressing gowns (“Why on earth do you have so many?!” John had said, perplexed. “One can never have too many dressing gowns, John,” Sherlock had answered sagely) and slipped downstairs to retrieve the food, taking his phone with him.
So ... the final chapter. Let me just tell you: this is the first full length story I've ever completed (usually I end up getting distracted by other things and never finishing them), so this is kind of a big deal for me.
“And how can I resist when you always end up producing the most delicious sounds when I do things like that?” John smiled again, his mind becoming overwhelmed at the sight of Sherlock’s wet and pouting lips.
“Let me know when you’re going to come, yeah?” John asked and Sherlock nodded slowly, his eyes falling on John.
“S’fine,” Mary yawned again. She then sat up quickly, pulling the blankets with her. “I almost forgot, how was your lesson? Did you fail miserably?”
“That’s it,” Sherlock breathed, pulling him closer as they moved to and fro with the piano. It was a relatively easy song to dance to – Dustin O’Halloran regularly composed music that would relax his clients and allow them to move with ease without any complicated noises invading their space. Sherlock didn’t like to admit it, but he was quite enjoying having a male client for once, especially one that looked as good as John Watson and who could dance as naturally as he did. “And we’re turning – yes, left leg back – you’re doing wonderfully … a natural, John.”
“I … I guess I should just tell you …” John felt the words on his tongue mixing with the bitter taste of liquor and he sucked his lips together, his trepidation stalling him. Finally, he let the words come. “I’ve been cheating on Mary.”
The pair sat naked on Sherlock’s bed and ate their food, with Sherlock ending up slopping curry sauce on his sheets. He sighed, attempting to wipe it off before resigning himself to throwing out the linen because of
“What?” Sherlock whispered. His eyes were heavy-lidded and impious and they wandered over John’s features hungrily.
There was something in Sherlock’s voice that, against everything John stood for, made him believe in this man and made him say, “
“So are …” Sherlock placed his tea on the floor beside him, suddenly very preoccupied with a strand of fabric coming loose on the rug. “Are you and Mary still, uh, together?”
“Harry?” John choked out his sister’s name, clutching the phone to his ear. At the sound of her voice, it was as if a switch had flicked in his brain and he was suddenly feeling the reality of everything crashing down on him.
“John,” Harriet said with a dubious stare, “it’s nine in the morning. Don’t you think it’s a little early for the hard liquor?”
John didn’t answer. He silently moved back to his position on the bed, sitting on the edge next to Harriet with a heavy sigh.
John’s hands found Sherlock’s belt buckle, shaking slightly as he quickly unfastened his pants. At this stage Sherlock and John were breathing heavily into each other’s mouths and when John reached inside of Sherlock’s trousers and his hand found his already rock hard member that was leaking with pre-come, Sherlock gasped into John’s mouth. The noise he made was almost enough to make John climax then and there.
John nodded, laying on Sherlock’s chest comfortably for a moment before shuffling off back into bed to wait for him. It was 2am and John was basically already asleep by the time he fell into his pillow.
incorrect, I suggest you do that with your plants who will be a much better audience and leave us be!”
Again, please remember to let me know if you liked it (or even if you didn't like it (but please be kind)).
“Listen,” she cut in, still waiting in the doorway. “I’ve known Sherlock for many years and I’ve never seen him as happy as he has been when he’s with you. But the thing you need to know about Sherlock is when he allows himself to be, he is as loyal and trusting as anything. And if you do something to break that and hurt him, mark my words, John: it will be the biggest mistake of your life.”
John watched them pull out into the road and for a moment, he was thankful they were leaving, until he spotted his cab waiting for him and on a whim he dashed into the cab and demanded the driver follow their car.
Snow was beginning to flurry through the streets of the unfamiliar township in Sussex as John sat in the cab, watching houses pass by; it was Christmas Eve and John spied Christmas trees lighting up the windows of many houses. The cab was warm and John dreaded having to get out into the cold when they arrived at his destination.
Harriet followed him to the door, holding it open for him. Her face was contorted into incredulous bitterness, watching him angrily shove on his jacket.
As Sherlock brewed the tea, he could hear John moving around in the living room before he settled himself on the sofa. And by the time Sherlock had emerged from the kitchen with two mugs of tea and a gingernut hanging from his mouth, John was lying down asleep, his brow furrowed and mouth hanging slightly open.
John knew this. Of course he knew it. Mary was like a shining beacon of light, perfect and enlightening in every way. Of course she didn’t deserve this, but she had been
John shifted himself into a more comfortable position, his knees tucked up underneath his chin as he watched Sherlock take him through each step, explaining each movement with intricate detail, enjoying the way Sherlock’s pupils turned his once green eyes nearly black with excitement. John began to feel more and more comfortable with the thought of learning the dance as Sherlock spoke, not because he understood it more, but because he knew Sherlock wouldn’t let him be left behind in learning each step perfectly.
Sitting down to dinner, John pushed his potatoes around on his plate, not feeling very hungry at all. He kept thinking about the fact that he had been so utterly rude to Sherlock and the possibility that he may have just dashed his chance with him.
“Okay!” Mary held her hands up in surrender, her eyebrows raised. “Sorry, love, I’ll be serious from now on.”
source of light for so many years that it was hard to think of life without her illuminating the way.
“I don’t know what you’re smiling about. You’re the one who’s going to have to pick up the pieces if you want to fix this!”
Sherlock wrenched himself from John’s grip and quickly wiped a tear from his face, his expression returning to that of neutral indifference – a façade to keep his emotions inside himself and away from John.
“No,” Sherlock answered, his eyes briefly flicking to John’s face, then back out the window. Sherlock pulled his hand out from under John’s. “Sorry – a bit warm.”
With the song finished, John allowed the room to fall into silence and crawled into Sherlock’s messy bed, moving onto his side so he could pull Sherlock’s pillow into his chest and breathe in his scent. John wondered whether Sherlock would be feeling the way John was right now. He wondered whether Sherlock would feel as empty as John did. He wondered whether his world would feel as bleak as John’s. He wondered whether Sherlock could no longer feel his fingertips, his body numb with the loneliness that was slowly consuming him. He thought about Sherlock’s music and wondered whether it would still feel the same, or whether it would remind him of the sound of the train rolling over the tracks as he left John behind.
Sherlock responded in kind, opening his mouth and desperately taking in John’s tongue, a small whine escaping his throat. John wrapped his fingers in Sherlock’s dark hair and with the music swelling in the room, John was feeling more frenzied in his need for Sherlock than ever. He bit down on Sherlock’s lower lip and suckled it, which elicited another whimper from Sherlock.
"You're not going to like it," Harriet said quietly, resuming her attention to his hair. When John remained silent, she continued. "I'm just ... I'm just worried you're making a mistake marrying Mary."
He hadn’t realised just how intoxicated he was, but at least the alcohol had made it easy for him to forget about the nightmare he had found himself in today. He was exhausted and devastated and using alcohol to cover that up made things easier for him to cope.
John quickly found a link on their website labelled ‘OUR STAFF’ and he clicked it, feeling apprehensive at the thought of finding Sherlock’s name. He scrolled through the many names on the page before reaching the last name on the list, in bold blue writing: ‘Sherlock Holmes’. John reread the name multiple times, his heart suddenly beating a little faster, before moving onto the piece underneath:
“John,” Sherlock moaned, his head falling forward as he used his hands for leverage to push himself back into John urgently. “John …
“You really don’t deserve me.” Mary spat, and for a second, John glimpsed tears welling in her eyes, before she blinked and they were gone. “I’m going to leave now.
Sherlock’s home was small and messy, boxes still piled up in his living, not yet unpacked from his move. There was no furniture in the living room, except for a rug in front of the unlit fireplace and single wooden dining chair positioned next to it.
He stumbled over the threshold of his small home and saw Mary’s bag sitting on the couch, meaning she had just arrived home minutes prior to him. He heard her moving around in the kitchen and when he walked to where she was, she turned and spotted him, smiling brightly.
Sherlock was crying John’s name, his hands clawing at his chest, back flexed, and sweat accumulating on his muscular chest. John felt himself inching closer to release, but he desperately wanted Sherlock to come with him, so he used one of his hands to stroke Sherlock’s cock, greedily watching the expression of lusty arousal on his face.
it to happen. He was sure going upstairs meant he was bound to start something he wasn’t sure how to finish.
And over the years, as their relationship grew older, normality set in. They said I love you less. They had sex even less than that. Then Mary took it upon herself to propose to John in (what he later deduced was) an attempt to freshen their relationship and their love for each other. But after a year of wedding planning and tasting cake and floral arrangements and parents arguing and fittings, John was just
Sherlock placed a hand carefully on the back on John’s neck, using his other to stroke along his arm and back. John responded by gripping tightly onto the front of Sherlock’s dressing gown, pressing himself further into Sherlock’s chest, as if he were trying to disappear.
? As the song ended, John quickly dropped Sherlock’s hand and took a step back, clearing his throat, arms swinging.
John let out a sigh, coming over to Mary and standing above her. Mary stood so she could pull his over his head, before moving onto his pants, unbuckling them once again and pulling them down so he was standing in just his cotton briefs. She sat back down on the bed and began trailing kisses over his stomach, her arms wrapping around to his backside. John closed his eyes, attempting to focus on the feeling of her lips on his skin. Only, all he could think about was the fact that he wished it were someone else placing kisses all over his body.
“Oh, don’t mind him, John,” Mrs. Hudson said, noting the look exchanged between the two men, “he can be quite rude sometimes but he’s really a big softy.”
John slowly continued stroking him, watching his face as he did so which was contorting into an almost pained expression, the wrinkle in his nose that John loved so much making an appearance. “Where are your manners, Sherlock?” John admonished.
Sherlock didn’t react at that and merely looked at John, “What are you feeling like eating?” he queried.
Sherlock’s face didn’t change from deep thought, his eyes roving across John’s body and face, dissecting him bit by bit.
I'm uploading this chapter early due to me being too busy over the weekend to upload it. It's basically double the word count of the last chapter (is that normal to have chapters differing so greatly in size? I'm still learning, so I guess that's normal for me? Maybe I'll start a trend ...)
“Sherlock … is this me?” John turned to Sherlock who was still sitting on the couch, sullen, his body still tied up in a knot of elbows and knees to show his annoyance.
that he proceeded. “Can we go back to yours?” John’s voice was a low murmur, sending an expectant shiver down Sherlock’s spine. He knew what that meant.
“Please Sherlock … can we talk about this? I-I … don’t want to leave you.” John was now crying, allowing his tears to fall freely; he didn’t bother wiping them away.
The tall man jumped, spinning to face John, shocked by his sudden entrance. His were eyes wild, rimmed with red, and when they settled on John, they turned dark. As much as he was trying to, John just couldn’t read him at this point. His sleepiness mixed with the tirade of emotions playing out on Sherlock’s face this early in the morning was making this more difficult than it needed to be.
me?” John suddenly felt defensive at her cutting insinuation – she hadn’t missed a single detail in the few minutes he had been standing at the counter. First his receptionist and now this girl … was he really that obvious or were they just incredibly perceptive?
He quickly paid the delivery boy, who was hiding a laugh at the muscular man in the feminine silk dressing gown, and quietly shut the door, placing the food on the stairs and pulling out his phone. He couldn’t for the life of him think of anything to say to Mary. She hadn’t texted, thinking (to her knowledge) that he would be “popping over to Mike’s to do some work before he left tomorrow”, but he certainly needed to figure out how to work this particular situation. He figured his best bet was to say he was staying with Mike: that they were going to be up so late working that he had offered his couch and John had accepted. That he would borrow a change of clothes to wear to Sussex so he wouldn’t be home. That he loved her and would see her in two days. Feeling brazen, John quickly sent the text, slipping his phone into the dressing gown pocket before dashing upstairs with the food.
John and Mary left the store with a bag full of blank invitations, Mary’s face made of stone as she marched ahead towards their car. John rushed to keep up, knowing she was very obviously angry at him and feeling slightly guilty.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Enough of you now,” he snapped petulantly, slamming the door in her face as soon as she was over the threshold.
Sherlock handed John his tea and sat down smoothly, cross legged in front of John. John turned and sipped his tea, watching Sherlock pull off his shoes and toss them across the room so he was just wearing a pair of black socks. His jumper was rolled up at the sleeves and his hair was sitting in relaxed, long curls, and John marvelled at how soft Sherlock looked in the warm firelight.
John, confused, got up and went out into the foyer to find Sherlock Holmes standing, slightly awkward, in the middle of the room, a carton of … was that
John and Mary were sitting inside a small boutique shop that specialised in wedding stationery. The stout woman sitting across from the pair was babbling on about the benefits of what she called her “Lily of the Valley Range”. John didn’t really understand what she was so excited about considering the range she was showing the two looked exactly the same as the previous range she had presented to them, only with lace trimming.
Yawning, John rubbed the sleep from his eyes and slipped from the warmth of his bed, moving to his closet to grab his warm dressing gown.
“Will you stay the night?” Sherlock asked, still lying on his back, enjoying the weight of John’s hand in his.
"Please tell me you've made a cup of tea for me to wake up to," John said, pulling on his gown and following Harriet out into the living room.
who would be waiting at home for him. And could he really face her if he had just come home after kissing someone else? He wasn’t so sure.
Sherlock Holmes was sitting at the piano which was sitting in the corner at the top of the studios, his eyes closed as he took in the music that was playing over the speakers. His face rose to the heavens as the violin swelled to a crescendo, his face conveying something akin to sadness if it were not for the smile playing at his thin lips. He kept his eyes closed as the music continued, rising and falling with a depth John couldn’t understand.
“Hmmm,” John hummed low in his throat, allowing his lips to trace butterfly soft movement across his skin. “I’m sure –“ John placed a deliberate, tantalisingly slow kiss on his throat … “you –“ … moving down to his collarbone, teeth grazing skin ... “can wait.”
“I think it was beautiful,” John smiled. “I don’t know how you expect me to do that, but I would certainly enjoy watching you do that a few more times.”
When he opened his eyes again, they were shining deep cerulean and emerald, drinking in the sight of John as if it were the last time they would see each other.
John stayed silent, his hands moving onto Sherlock’s penis, slowly stroking along his length. He heard Sherlock suck in a breath as he began to lick delicately along the underside before reaching the top and taking him in his mouth entirely. John felt Sherlock’s hand tighten in his hair slightly as he moved his head to suck with precision, his tongue lapping at the salty precome that was trickling from him. Soon Sherlock was completely erect, sighing out John’s name.
The stage was emptied of people and suddenly the lights on the Christmas tree went out, cloaking the stage in darkness. John strained his eyes, desperately inching forward in his seat to look for any sign of movement, his heart leaping into his throat. Over the speakers a single piano chord rang out through the auditorium, followed by more harmonies of chords, repeating themselves for a few moments.
Slowly, he leaned forward, letting his tongue graze the underside of John’s penis and John let out an audible groan at the feeling, his hand tightening in Sherlock’s hair. He couldn’t get enough of the sight of Sherlock at his feet, so beautiful, so perfect, everything he could ever dream of. Sherlock was his and he was Sherlock’s, he saw that now, wholly and clearly.
the most beautiful person he had seen. He surpassed anything John had ever had the privilege of experiencing in real life..
Sherlock turned around and roughly grabbed John by the hand, pulling him around to the seat of the piano and pushing him down so he was sitting. Sherlock stood over him and used one of his feet to push John’s legs open further so he could stand in between them and leaned in, resting his hands either side of John so they sat on the piano keys behind him, sending a noisy mess of chords echoing through the studio. The noise mixed with the music that was still playing creating a frenzy of sounds that seemed to match the passion John and Sherlock were currently displaying. Kissing John deeply, Sherlock’s tongue searched his mouth, wanting to taste every inch of him.
John allowed his jacket to be pulled from him, feeling too overwhelmed to do anything else. He felt out of place in his usual cardigan/shirt/jeans combo next to Posh Boy Sherlock Holmes, but soon forgot when he felt Sherlock’s hands on his shoulders from behind him.
Harriet complied, opening one of the cupboards and pulling out a bottle of Bell’s whiskey. She placed it down on the bench and pulled out two glasses, pouring generous amounts for both. John snatched one up and gulped it down, screwing up his eyes as the searing liquor burned his throat and settled in his stomach. He put his glass back down, groaning at the taste, and nodded at Harry for another.
“You’ve been in a mood all bloody day, so don’t act like I’m the one in the wrong. And if I want to yell, I’ll bloody YELL!” Mary challenged, standing up from the table, taking her half eaten plate of food with her.
John jumped as his phone started vibrating in his pocket – Sherlock’s name was flashing up on the screen with a call. Hurriedly standing up from the table, John muttered something about taking a work call and moved outside onto the front step so he was out of earshot.
“What-what are you doing? Why are you doing that?” Sherlock felt vulnerable – he had never seen someone look at him like that before.
Mary flung herself back on the bed in mock dramatics, her arms lying out sideways so she was taking up the entire bed. “
” she moved one arm down to John’s belly, which had, to his dismay, grown slightly (too many takeaways mixed with a lack of cycling to work due to weather). “
“That’s great,” John lied. He didn’t want Sherlock to know John had been internet stalking him, so he feigned innocence.
“I … I’m not sure. I just wanted to see you. To say merry Christmas, I guess,” John offered. “I watched you dance tonight … you were outstanding, Sherlock.
John smiled at the sight of Sherlock lighting up over his passion – all angular arms as he moved his hands around, showing as well as telling John about music and dance and emotion intertwined. John admired the way Sherlock allowed the words to fall from his mouth, including praise. So many times he had to wrench honesty from the lips of those around him, it became exhausting. But with Sherlock, everything was so forthcoming and truthful and raw – he could have listened to him speak all day.
When John returned to the table, their food had arrived and it was delicious – John started on the parmigiana and eventually finished Sherlock’s risotto as well. The conversation flowed easily with Sherlock explaining how he had plans in the next year to move to Sussex, where he would continue teaching part time and pursue new horizons. John, now stuffed, was finishing his third glass of wine. He found himself examining Sherlock from across the table; the way Sherlock’s fingers absentmindedly caressed the table in front of him, drawing circles as he spoke about ballet and his study in classical music. He watched him swallow his drink, his adam’s apple moving under his pale skin. How it was possible for someone to look attractive while they
you did, John?” she asked, reeling around to face him. “You were so embarrassing in there! You should have just bloody stayed home if you were going to find planning our wedding so boring!”
Sherlock’s eyes never left John’s and without hesitation, Sherlock simply said with a shrug “They’re obnoxious.” A sly smile played at Sherlock’s lips as he saw John’s face frown in horror.
John woke with a start, blearily not knowing where he was, before he saw Sherlock’s form beside him in the dim morning light. Glancing at his phone, he saw that it was 6am, half an hour before the pair had set an alarm to wake. But now that John was roused, he couldn’t fall back asleep, so he decided watching Sherlock sleep would be the better option.
John nodded, glad for the excuse to go to bed and be with his own thoughts. Mary guided him kindly down the hall and when he fell into bed face first, she threw a blanket over him and said something about going to make dinner.
Mary sat opposite, watching with annoyance at how childish he was being. Was he really still upset over their tiff yesterday? He had no right to be upset considering
Sherlock merely smiled kindly, allowing him to bustle them over to a prime table situated at the front window, overlooking Northumberland Street which was active with life.
John drew away and looked at Sherlock, whose eyes were fluttering open; his was mouth parted, allowing his heavy breathing to escape his lips. When he saw John looking at him with an amused twinkle in his eyes, he changed his expression to that of nonchalance.
After they had finished their food, John cleared the leftovers, discarding them in Sherlock’s kitchen. By this time, the sun was beginning to set and the pair were both feeling tired. When John returned to the bedroom, Sherlock had stripped the entire bed, bundling up the sheets on the floor and was fumbling with a new sheet he had pulled from his closet. John watched in amusement as Sherlock, wrapped in a lilac dressing gown, attempted, and failed, at setting the sheet on the bed.
“Oh don’t give me that bull,” John stood, taking his drink with him, and moved over to the window, staring out at the traffic below. “You could have picked up the phone and called.”
John turned and trudged purposefully down Baker Street, not daring to look back at Mrs. Hudson for fear of her pitiful stare making him even more ashamed than he already was. When he finally reached the corner, he quickly glanced back at 221B and saw her moving back inside, shaking her head sadly.
“Sure,” Sherlock retorted, feigning sarcasm. “We can talk. You have—“ he glanced at the clock on the far wall, “—seven minutes. And then I’m getting on that train. Without you.”
“Um, actually better than I initially thought. I’ll probably be home tonight instead of tomorrow, so there’s a plus.” He realised he missed her. “Sorry I didn’t call, love.”
“How’s Mary, John?” she commented, not breaking eye contact with him. She bared her teeth in a sickly sweet smile.
and run away with Sherlock, leaving behind Mary and this wedding and his past. But then he also remembered the promise he made to Mary and he knew he had to keep it.
“Hey, uh, would it still be okay for me to borrow some clothes today? We just won’t have time to stop in at mine,” John asked as he was entering the bathroom to shower himself.
Minutes later, Angelo had returned with a large glass of red and a sparkling water. He placed them on the table and then gleefully pulled a candle from his pocket and placed it in the middle of the table.
“You nervous?” John asked kindly. He wanted Sherlock to know he was here for him. He wanted him to open up instead of closing himself off like he was doing now.
“I can’t be the only one looking like a plant pot in bare feet, Sherlock.” He stated logically, pulling Sherlock’s shoes from his feet and then his socks.
Mary nodded, closing her eyes for a brief second before opening them and focusing on John, the bright blue sharp and striking. “I need you to be sure, though. I deserve better than having you walk out on me. I deserve better than you having cold feet on our wedding day, okay?”
"Isn't there some kind of rule where sisters don't get to be bossy and mean to their siblings on their wedding day?" John picked up a piece of toast and pointedly took a large bite out of it, before placing it back on the plate.
John continued sucking, a pleasant hum vibrating his mouth, which produced more moans from Sherlock.
“Come on,” Sherlock stood and held his hand out for John, his face serious. “We’re going to start again.”
“Oh my god,” John breathed, using his hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek and grazing his thumb across his cheekbone; he wanted to remember the way the firelight danced with warm colours across his skin.
John looked over at Joanne, then Mary; both were watching him with expressions of confusion and annoyance, waiting expectantly for him to answer.
“Oh no, I was just getting around to beating you black and blue for that one. What the hell were you thinking, John?!” Harry leaned over the counter and swatted at John’s head lightly. “I thought you loved Mary!”
John didn’t need to be told twice. He moved into Sherlock’s space and tenderly placed a soft, urgent kiss on Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock responded in kind, screwing his eyes shut as he shakily pressed his lips into John’s. He tasted familiar and yet entirely new; he was like a book that had been sitting on the shelf for too long, untouched, finally opening its pages for him. John moved his hands into Sherlock’s hair, running his fingers through the silky curls, savouring the feeling. He wanted to exist in this moment, hovering in the state of bliss as his tongue delved into Sherlock’s mouth, tasting tea and honey. Tasting
John shook his head, his mind attempting to come up with some excuse to extricate himself from her presence so he could go upstairs to be amongst Sherlock’s things. He wanted to breathe in his scent so he could feel closer to him, so he could feel not so alone.
“No,” Sherlock answered plainly. He glanced down with a derisive glance at the man’s hand on his waist. “I’d much rather call it a night, Lucas.”
John opened his mouth to respond, but was cut off by Sherlock turning and grabbing his bags, flying out the door.
Her surprised exclamation shook him out of his stupor, and he almost turned and fled the scene, but his overpowering need to be around Sherlock stopped him. Even if it was Mrs. Hudson, at least it was something that could make him feel close to Sherlock once again.
John’s mind filtered through every agonising detail of what he would tell her until he fell upon an idea: only a month and a half ago there was an outbreak of a new polio-type virus in England, which was fatal to children. D68 had been rampant among schools, resulting in a few hundred losses, before they got it under control, John having to deal with the aftermath in his area. There were still a few cases filtering around, but nowhere near as bad as before. He could claim there was an outbreak in Sussex and he had to travel there to help with the control of it, as he had done in London. He was sure this would work, considering Mary knew all about the previous outbreak and understood how serious it could be.
John lifted his cappuccino to his lips, taking a sip – it was an average coffe, he would have much preferred tea. “So … just how likely do you think it will be that you get accepted for this job?”
“No, I’m not gay,” John said defensively. “I like women ... but I also like men – Mary, can we not do this here?”
Truthfully, John wanted to tell Sherlock about all the nasty things he had fantasized about doing to him, but he was wary of scaring him off too soon. So instead, he continued to stroke Sherlock’s cock, delighting in the soft moans coming from his throat.
“What did I tell you at our last lesson, Mr. Watson?” he asked, his eyes falling back on John’s face.
. That certainly didn’t help John’s predicament. With a quick glance at Mary to check she was still asleep, John responded.
“Oh, yeah. Fair enough,” he replied, awkwardly removing his arm. “Maybe I can watch you dance again some other time?”
Seeing Mary scribble addresses on envelopes and pass them over to John for him to seal made it all the more real. All those people were going to be showing up to watch them take the leap into so-called wedded bliss. His sister was going to be there. His mum and dad. Mary and John’s closest friends. The thought made him feel sick to his stomach.
I know how to make a bed!” Sherlock snapped, but still he continued flailing with the material, tucking it in on one side, but having it pop back up as he moved to tuck in the other.
John turned and Sherlock was in front of him again, hastily pulling on a black, double breasted Belstaff coat – it made him look even taller than he already was. He was carrying his leather messenger bag which had papers stuffed into it, hanging out of the top slightly.
John opened his programme, scanning through the performances, his eyes immediately falling on Sherlock’s name, which was second down on the list, meaning he only had to wait through one performance before Sherlock took to the stage. His stomach twisted when he saw the title of Sherlock’s piece: ‘
The music began to swell gradually, a simple piano playing out into the room, before a soft voice trilled out of the speakers.
Sherlock pulled off his coat, throwing it carelessly on the floor and crouched down in front of the fireplace, fumbling with wood and matches. John allowed him to struggle for a bit before kneeling down next to him, taking the box of matches and telling him to go make some tea while he lit the fire. By the time Sherlock returned with two steaming mugs, the fire was blazing warmly, John warming his hands in front of it.
He had never been a liar, but now it seemed he couldn’t stop. He couldn’t remember the last day that went by without a lie slipping from his lips.
John smiled weakly, pulling a glass and a bottle of whiskey from their liquor cabinet and pouring himself a rather large glass. Taking three deep swigs, he topped it up before moving over to Mary to examine the contents of her bowl.
He would watch in sick horror as a great tidal wave would begin to make its way inland, heading straight for the spectre of John down below. He would scream out for him to run, but instead of retreating to safety, the apparition would stand with its eyes on John above and allow the roiling, angry wave to sweep him away.
meet with the photographer – we were meant to do that next week! Can they not just send someone else?” Mary was harried, suddenly into cleaning mode as she cleared the table of stationary and piled up the stacks of invitations, the stress evident on her face.
He was jarred out of his reverie by his phone vibrating once again and, groaning inwardly, he finally decided to bite the bullet and answer Mary’s call.
A short chapter today (honestly, this one was a struggle for me because I've been so busy with work) so please remember to let me know if you enjoyed it or if you think I could improve in anyway because a lot of this was written while I was severely sleep deprived. XD
“Well I’m sure with all of our lessons you’ll get used to me wearing them, Mr. Holmes,” John quipped, smiling back impishly.
John felt his body shaking with the cold and his nose was feeling numb. He stared into Mrs. Hudson’s face for a moment and she stared straight back, unyielding, and then John felt himself sagging underneath her touch, all energy leaving him.
“Probably not,” she answered immediately, but upon noticing John’s despondent reaction, she continued. “Unless I really loved the person. Do you think he really loves you?”
After ten minutes of John sorting through a few emails on his laptop, Mary made her way into the living room and threw a tea towel at John’s face.
Stopping outside he was overwhelmed by the urge to cry again and when he looked up at Sherlock’s window, he allowed the feeling to take over, tears mingling with the rain on his face. He knew Sherlock wasn’t inside, but he felt like if he were to go running up there, he would find him waiting, willing to forgive him. He wanted to go upstairs and find him sitting naked, cross-legged on his bed, curry sauce adorning his top lip, a wry smile across his beautiful face. His chest ached with the pain of his need to hold him, or to be held by him.
Sherlock was sitting at the piano, engrossed in a paper in his hands. He had a deep frown on his forehead, his nose creased in between his eyes and at the sight of Sherlock looking
John spent the next forty minutes tirelessly going through the motions of the first half of their dance, feeling slightly frustrated at his inability to coordinate his feet with his hands. Sherlock would regularly come up rather close to John, using his hands to move certain body parts in the correct way to show John how it was meant to be done, all the while telling John how wonderfully he was doing. At one point, Sherlock boldly moved in so close to John their noses were almost touching, using his bare foot to push his legs open a bit more, Sherlock maintaining delicious eye contact as he did so, one eyebrow quirked almost as if to say “I dare you to make the next move”. John stumbled slightly so he had to grab onto the front of Sherlock’s shirt, pulling him in so their bodies were touching.
, allowing himself to become softer in his motions, he was suddenly envisioning Sherlock underneath him, crying out John’s name, hands clawing down his chest. John kept his eyes closed, savouring the vision, his breath becoming heavier. The woman’s crooning continued and very quickly, John felt himself growing hard, his body moving slowly, breath escaping his lungs in deep bursts. And when he opened his eyes, Sherlock was still watching him intensely, his eyes dark, biting his lip.
John watched Sherlock wipe at his face and smiled inwardly at the messy man. He felt so incredibly fond of this him and when he leaned over to help wipe the food from the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock’s ocean deep eyes peered up at him through his dark eyelashes, he couldn’t stop the words from tumbling from his mouth.
with ease. John thought the performance was beautiful, but he was fairly clueless as to what he was really looking at; taking in the faces of the people around him, he knew they must be doing a good job, because most of the people were smiling gaily at the sight.
She put the cleaning products on a shelf next to her and moved forward, pulling John into a tight hug. Perplexed, he hugged back, patting her back lightly. She seemed unfazed by the sight she had walked in on and was already making herself comfortable with John.
John crawled up to straddle Sherlock, their cocks brushing against each other and Sherlock let out a moan, his body nearly vibrating with pleasure. Moving one hand in between them, John took Sherlock’s cock in his hand and began stroking, crooning at Sherlock in a low voice.
Making his way out onto the street, he felt his phone ringing again but decided to ignore it, knowing it would be Mary trying to call him. He couldn’t talk to her, not right now.
And as Sherlock moved his hands to the base of John’s cock and moved his mouth over the head, John felt shuddering waves of
Mary nodded enthusiastically, holding up the previous invitation sample against the one Joanne was holding. “Oh, it’s just
you have to offer me, I want to be there in it with you. I want to feel every moment with you. I want to dance every dance with you. I would follow you …
The way Sherlock was looking so utterly soft and lost, John couldn’t stop himself. He leaned forward and placed the most delicate kiss on Sherlock’s lips, his hand coming up to caress his cheek and then he moved it down to hold onto the back of Sherlock’s neck, his fingers interlacing into the soft tufts of hair at the nape of his neck. Sherlock sighed into him habitually, his body settling back into its fit with John’s, as if it had never left.
“I could do with a cup of tea, to be honest.” John said, realising that making Sherlock wait would be a fun game to play, and he didn’t want to offend Mrs. Hudson, of course.
John decided the next morning to walk to work instead of catching the bus, taking the time to clear through his thoughts. He was afraid of letting Sherlock go because he had invested so much of himself into him. Somehow, without Sherlock around, he was suddenly emptier and allowing himself to move on meant he would forever be missing that part of himself that Sherlock was holding onto.
“My sister works just outside of London, so I never really see her,” John decided to omit his wife to be.
“Yes, yes, alright you can stop laughing now,” Sherlock answered, flailing his hand as if to shoo away the matter. “We’ve got a lot to do today, so rather than you guffawing over your poor choice of footwear, we should get started. But I’m taking you shoe shopping as soon as possible.”
John thought back to the moment all those weeks ago when Sherlock had removed John’s shoes and he had done the same, right before he had taught him the steps to their dance. He remembered his body
“Oi, what the bloody hell are you playing at, mate?” John wrenched himself free from Sherlock and stepped back, feeling slightly dizzy, but ready to defend himself if need be.
Sherlock stopped in front of John and moved in close, his hand coming out to hold onto John’s, and suddenly it was as though the world had stopped spinning so the two could exist in this moment together. The air was suddenly very still and all John could hear was Sherlock’s voice and feel the weight of his hand in his.
“Would you take someone back? If they did what I did?” John asked, glancing at her from the corner of his eye.
“I think here will do,” Sherlock spoke quietly, indicating a small, bustling café that was across the road from the set of department stores they were going to be visiting.
“Can we …” John paused, wondering at the consequences of what he was about to ask. It was only when he realised that
,” Sherlock moaned, pushing himself down further onto John’s hand. He could hardly believe how good this felt, how much he wanted, how desperate he was to have all of John.
He moved forward, crossing the room in three large strides and pulled Sherlock into him roughly, one hand behind his head and the other on the small of his back, kissing him like he were starving and Sherlock was the only meal he had had in days.
Sherlock sighed, his fingers finding the bridge of his nose in his typical expression of frustration that John was becoming all too familiar with.
John felt Sherlock’s cock tighten and soon enough, hot semen was spilling into his mouth. Not wanting to disappoint, John drank it down greedily, sucking until Sherlock was flinching away from him, suddenly too sensitive to allow John to touch him any longer.
“You okay, love? Looking a bit peaky,” Mary said, carefully writing down the address for John’s sister on an envelope.
But when Sherlock’s indifference remained, John broke down, heaving sobs shaking his body. He moved forward and grasped onto the front of Sherlock’s coat, his forehead coming to rest on Sherlock’s chest. “I’m
John sniffed, looking up at his sister who was standing with her arms folded across her chest – she looked remarkably like their father with that harsh expression on her face, her light blue eyes scowling at him.
The pair walked slowly around to the side of the chapel where there was a small secluded bench overlooking the church garden. They sat side by side on the bench and Sherlock pulled off his coat, revealing a tailored black suit, with a charcoal black shirt tucked into his trousers underneath. His hair had grown longer in John’s absence and it lay in relaxed curls across his forehead, skimming his azure eyes.
Sherlock didn’t notice that John’s eyes had opened and he didn’t notice him watching Sherlock caress his hand with intense concentration. Sherlock did notice, however, when John held onto Sherlock’s hand and silently moved it up to his lips and began placing soft kisses all over his hand, focusing on his palm and wrist and each individual finger as if he never wanted to let him go. Sherlock sucked in a breath, heart hammering, and closed his eyes, allowing himself to take in the sensation of John’s lips on his hand. He kept his eyes closed, afraid that if he opened them again, he would wake up and it would have been a dream.
“Sunday. We can stay overnight at a bed and breakfast.” Sherlock’s reply was breathless and John had an inkling that he might have literally jumped for joy.
He wasn’t sure what to expect coming to watch Sherlock dance at this show, but as John took in the vast brick and mortar school with its endless windows, intricately designed, and the huge sprawling gardens, he began to feel out of his depth, like he didn’t belong here.
John settled down, shuffling his feet underneath him, a smile playing at his lips, and Sherlock took a remote out of his pocket that was connected to the stereo in the corner.
John watched in silence, not wanting to disturb the man in front of him straight away. He stood by the door and allowed himself to take in the music, although somehow feeling as though he were missing what the strange man across from him was experiencing.
,” she said, pouring another for him. “Are you going to tell me what’s got you in this state or are you just going to continue drinking my liquor all morning?”
“No … I mean, thank you for this,” John gestured to the room, motioning to the fact that Sherlock had allowed him to be here with him.
) – he then took John’s hand in his right, placed his left hand on John’s shoulder and moved in close enough that John could smell his sweet scent. And somehow, without John trying very hard at all, they were dancing, ever so slowly, across the floor.
John was, at the time, taking a sip of water that was on the table for them. He spluttered into it slightly before putting his glass down and choking out “M’not his date.”
. John sucked in a breath, steeling himself. He knew he wasn’t going to be able to do this and when he stumbled once, he knew it would be all over. If the bloody room would stop moving, then he would be fine.
"You really should eat," Harriet said, her mouth half full with muesli. "It's going to be a long day."
His house was dark when he got inside but as he moved upstairs, he could see a slit of light from underneath his bedroom door, indicating Mary was most likely still up reading. John went into the bathroom and relieved himself, before washing his face and examining his reflection.
with, was at his work. The fact that everyone who worked with him knew his girlfriend and would think it suspicious if he acted the way he usually did around Sherlock made it ten times worse.
? John was sure Sherlock was playing a joke on him. That, or he had just always been that pompous and John had never clued onto it before now.
This was written in about two days in between work and recovering from being sick, so here's hoping I got it down how I wanted.
Sherlock didn’t miss a beat and narrowed his eyes with a hint of suspicion at the odd request for Sherlock to leave. “You’d rather I wait out in the cold, John?”
John suddenly felt his phone vibrating in his pocket. He stopped midway down the street and pulled it out, seeing an unknown number flashing up on the screen.
John leaned over, removing the lubricant and hastily pouring some out onto his hand. He quickly rubbed it all over his cock, moaning at the sensation, before applying it to Sherlock – smoothing his hand over his penis and through to his asshole. Sherlock squirmed underneath him, his keening moan increasing at the sensation.
“Yes, well, it was good to finally put a face to the phone calls, Mr. Watson.” Sherlock rushed to grab John’s coat, handing it to him quickly.
“I’m in Sussex until tomorrow. I’d really like to see you again before I go.” John’s hand delved into his pocket and he pulled out a stray business card that contained his new mobile number. “When you’re ready … if you’re ever ready to forgive me … just let me know. I’ll be waiting.”
An elderly woman was standing above John, smiling sympathetically. John apologised, standing to let her squeeze past him and sit herself in the seat directly next to him. Her husband arrived a minute later, his hands carrying two plastic cups of red wine; he shuffled in front of John to take his seat next to his wife.
He felt his eyes sting with the threat of tears, but he didn’t want to allow himself the liberty of crying, holding them back with clenched fists and heavy breathing. It was as if he didn’t want to allow himself to feel, because feeling meant he would have to acknowledge the mess he was in and when he did that, it all became too much.
envelop him. Sherlock kept himself there, tasting John, moving his tongue in small circles around his head, not daring to go further just yet. He knew he had to take it slow. Both Sherlock and John wanted this to last, instead of it being rushed and desperate like the last times they had nearly slept together. There was nothing stopping them from taking each other fast, but there was also nothing stopping them from savouring the moment and allowing them to feel every touch and every sigh they each had to offer.
Moving over to the coffee table, he settled down the two cups of tea and the biscuit and stood beside John, watching him silently. He then gracefully sat down in front of the couch so he was able to sit beside John without disturbing him. He angled his body so he was side on, able to see John to make sure he was still sleeping soundly, prepared to wake him if he saw any signs of nightmares, as he had done countless times in the past. Only this time he was closer than ever, able to drink in the sight of this beautiful man.
“So you want to learn to dance?” Sherlock asked, turning on his heel and quickly moving across to the middle of the studio.
“John, I’m going to do something now that you must trust me with again.” Sherlock then said, looking at John seriously.
John turned Sherlock around and pushed him to he was leaning over the piano, his arms stretched out in front of him. Grabbing Sherlock’s hips, John grinded into his clothed erection into Sherlock’s ass, relishing the sight of Sherlock’s prone form, his shirt riding up slightly to reveal the creamy skin of the small of his back. John leaned forward, pushing up Sherlock’s shirt further, and started to place wet kisses all over the exposed area, alternating between kisses and light nibbles with his teeth. All the while, the woman crooning out her lamentation of
. He couldn’t stop his name from being repeated over and over in his head. He was better than cocaine and heroin. He was more addictive and he needed him more than he had ever needed anything in his life.
“What? Uh, no. I’ll just finish up with this, maybe just go take a seat while I do? It’s a bit boring, really.
“Yeah, I told Kent that, but he said there was no way of avoiding it. I can drop off the invitations to be posted tomorrow.” Somehow, with every step further into the lie John went, the more comfortable with it he became.
After one too many drinks, John decided to take a detour in the cold night air down Baker Street in an attempt to see him one last time before he said truly said goodbye.
“Truthfully? No.” Sherlock lowered his eyes and cleared his throat. “But I will be. I got the Sussex job - I’m moving there next week.”
. He told himself, but as he continued pushing into Sherlock, feeling every miniscule movement against his nerves like electricity and a cry escaped Sherlock’s lips, John felt himself being pushed over the edge.
“Sherlock!” John’s voice cracked through the silent street. The cold had sent everyone indoors to their homes, leaving him the only person on Baker Street. “Just talk to me!
“What?” John’s voice was breathy as his hands moved further up under Sherlock’s shirt, feeling his tight waist and then moving up to his shoulders, which were all hard muscle, yet small and petite. John now understood the attraction people had when they spoke about dancer’s bodies after laying his eyes on Sherlock.
John quirked his eyebrow, smiling again. He found it so easy to smile when he was around Sherlock; even when he was being an arrogant prick, he still found him handsome and charming and so completely
“Mm,” she hummed, sitting up on her elbow to look at him through the dark. “Must have fallen asleep.”
with the need to kiss him, but having to hold himself back because he wasn’t a free man. Well, he was free now to kiss Sherlock as much as his heart desired, and as he watched a strand of hair fall in front of Sherlock’s eyes as he concentrated on removing John’s second shoe, puffing out his breath to get it out of the way, John felt like he could spend the rest of his days kissing Sherlock.
They arrived at the platform where the train was already waiting before it departed and John realised Sherlock was no longer beside him. Turning, he found him standing behind a slight way back; his face was dark, echoing his expression last night.
“Oh. Um. Yeah.” John swayed to the side and the room started spinning slightly. “I just, uhm, had a few before I caught the train.”
“John …” she whispered into the back of his neck as his crying subsided into quiet sniffles. “John, what’s wrong, love?”
John turned to Sherlock and pulled his body into his, hands on his waist. He was now suddenly apprehensive at the thought of seeing Sherlock unclothed, naked and waiting for him. He had thought about this moment for weeks, imagining how Sherlock would look as he lay down on the bed, his curls falling softly around his green eyes. He knew there was no going back from this.
“It’s normal for couples to go through stuff together, okay? Maybe when you’re in a serious relationship for once in your life you’ll understand,” John said. His voice was a lot harsher than he had intended it to be.
They rode in the cab to Sherlock’s home on Baker Street in silence, the air electric with expectation. Without thinking, John placed his hand on Sherlock’s thigh, his fingers tracing out small shapes into the tender flesh that lay underneath the expensive fabric. There was a palpable intake of breath from Sherlock as he felt John’s fingers continue their advances, slowly moving to his inner thigh, inches from his groin. Sherlock wriggled in his seat as John changed from tracing shapes, to tracing out words: first, Sherlock’s name, and then his own. He increased in pressure, a smirk gracing his lips as he watched Sherlock from the corner of his eye becoming more restless. John saw the driver glance into the rear view mirror and avert his eyes immediately, feeling awkward at being privy to this private moment between the two men. They soon came to a stop and John removed his hand, eager to move inside.
“Hey,” John looked up at Sherlock who continued watching cars pass by. “You okay? I hope you’re not still thinking about that nightmare last night.” John could have sworn he saw one corner of Sherlock’s lips twitch into a smile that lasted a micro second.
“Well, I guess now is a better time than ever,” Sherlock’s hand delved into his coat pocket. “I have something of yours you might need returned …”
It was a quaint church that Mary had picked and inside were long pews, each with delicate bouquets of Lily of the Valley flowers tied with brown twine at each end. At the head of the chapel was a simple wedding arch, laden with white tulle and twists of green vines and pale pink Baby's Breath.
"Yes, I do love him." John finally answered. "But I haven't seen or heard from Sherlock. It's over, Harry, and holding onto that isn't going to do me any good. I love Mary - she's good for me."
John wanted to slam the door in her pudgy face, but instead he quickly signed the forms and thrust them back at her, pulling his lips into a tight smile.
John blinked at Mary, feeling as though his mind were buzzing through a million responses before he settled on telling her half of the truth.
He was already in the cab when John reached it and when he ducked his head and stepped inside, Sherlock continued staring out the window, his shoulders squared. The car lurched into traffic and John placed his hand over Sherlock’s, squeezing it.
Mary’s was shocked and she put her hand to her mouth, understanding the implications of what that meant. “Where?”
He was holding back his desperation for the time being, not giving in to that ache in his chest that told him to go and wrap his arms around Sherlock. He wanted to take him in his arms and reverse time so he could change things, so he could go back to how it was last night when the worst thing they had to worry about was Sherlock’s sheet changing skills.
After a shower and a very careful shave, John perched himself on the floor in front of the couch where Harriet was sitting and allowed her to fumble with his hair, styling it so it sat in a relaxed coiffure. She paused in the middle of running product through hair and he heard her begin to say something, but she hesitated, the words falling short from her lips.
and John accepted that, on Mary’s part, but he couldn’t help but not trust the git – something about his face just screamed
His whole body seemed to be numb; he realised he had been walking and was now a good few miles from his original location. He spotted a cab and, stumbling forward, flapped one arm out to flag it down. John jumped inside and vaguely heard himself mumble out the address of Harriet’s hotel.
,” Sherlock breathed, his eyes focusing on John’s face and then squeezing shut. It was all so much at once, yet somehow he couldn’t get enough.
He was so close to telling John his true feelings earlier he could still taste the words on his tongue – they were bitter and he resented them because of course how true they were and the fact that John wouldn’t reciprocate. Of course he wouldn’t when he was grieving his dead wife and had just been through a traumatic ordeal in which he had nearly beaten Sherlock to death. Sherlock had accepted John’s apology and he would never hold his actions against him, however it still didn’t push away the hurt it had caused Sherlock. It still didn’t push away the memory of the look in John’s eyes when he was standing over Sherlock, hands clenching and unclenching, with a face that said “you’re dead to me”.
