The one monitor that piques Tony’s attention is the one hooked up to the interface. The one that he’s also supposed to be connected to, but at that moment is not. The interface scrolls a long list of code that only a few people can read – Tony is one of them. Scott is another – but Scott’s not in the room. Natasha could probably read it as well, but she keeps her abilities and talents to herself so Tony’s never actually sure what she can and cannot do. Sam’s still a mystery to Tony, so he’s out of the picture.
“I said I’m good,” Tony snaps back. He waits a moment before he continues. “Besides, someone has to help me out here.”
Though Tony was sure that they had their orders not to kill him, he still had to stay away from the small wooden stakes. It baffled him why a wooden stake would kill him but not an iron or metal one. Thor had told him once that it had to do with the ways of magic and that wood from trees connected them to nature while metal and the like were never alive. It made no sense to Tony, then or now. He dove away from a flurry of fists, but one got him in the side and he felt the poison of the wood in his torso. The wound wasn’t deadly, but it weakened and brought him to his knees.
“No, but I suppose we’re not anywhere else in the universe. Like we haven’t suddenly been transported to another planet,” Steve said as he stood up and looked out at the raging storm. “So maybe the test is to use the link to help the rest of the team find us.”
His heart picks up in speed and the lighting closes down to their circle. He's not even sure if Jarvis is still in the room. "I'm not sure what-."
Tony swallows hard and yanks off his hoodie. He’ll get this part over with as quickly as possible. Tossing the hoodie, he unzips his pants.
“Tony. I don’t need anything more to eat. And please, don’t mention the lion and eating-.” He gags and rushes over to the sink, vomiting up his breakfast.
“Really?” Tony stands and starts to clear the table. He might have grown up with a silver spoon in his mouth, but his mother always had him clear his dishes and help Jarvis with the kitchen clean up. “I thought I saw Sam there quite a bit.”
“Best?” His mind slowly moved through the words, trudging with a weight he couldn’t fathom. But he did catch up with them and finally said, “You want to try the soul pack thing?”
There’s no sense in trying to figure that out. Steve needs to find his weakness, not Tony’s weakness. Besides, he already knows Tony’s weakness. It’s Pepper. Any time anything is about her, Tony always rides the waves back to her, regardless of the storm he might encounter. It’s not his business at all, but he never thought she was a good match for Tony.
“What a silly birthday! But I suppose it would be kind of great to have fireworks on your birthday every year.” It struck Tony then. “Hey, Blu, why don’t we say your birthday is on Independence Day too?”
“I needed something to take the edge off. Slamming a ball around a court at someone, helps,” she replies, and she hugs him. “It’s good you’re home, Tony.” Her chin rests on his shoulder. “I was so worried when we couldn’t contact you and no one could trace you, not even JARVIS.”
The Silver Knight has to confess. Maybe these demons know about him, know his story. “Yes, my name. Steve Rogers.”
“Bucky died right before I did. Can you imagine being tortured for how many years before the Winter Soldier appeared on the scene? Natasha said he was a ghost for like fifty years. So that gives them a good dozen or so years to condition and torture him,” Steve said and picked up a basket of the chips. “You have to understand, Tony. I’m not excusing anything that the Winter Soldier did, but I am saying that it wasn’t Bucky. Not the guy I knew.”
The Glock clicks, a flash of light, and then they’re running through the corridors of the Soviet base. Steve’s not sure what the hell just happened, but Tony has him by the hand and they flee.
“Tony.” He heard his name called, but he refused to respond as the vacuum of fear and horror emptied him. “Tony!”
Steve’s not so sure, but he doesn’t express his doubts. With a brief peer at the ridge behind them, Steve focuses on the task ahead. Get to the Hub, get rid of Ultron, find the exit Door. “So, this construct of Clint, will Ultron be privy to everything that happens?”
Her smile lit up the room. “No, no god or ghost. Maybe we are monsters, I don’t know. We call ourselves Divini.”
“Yes.” Tony reaches and steals a few grapes. “A few years back a case went up to the Supreme Court about religious institutes openly supporting political candidates. The religious side said that it was there freedom of speech and freedom of religion – their first amendment rights. Well, the Court say it differently. While they agreed that they had the right to express their first amendment rights, they also said that they were then liable for all the rights, privileges and responsibilities of any lobbying group. In other words, they would be taxed. That shut up the religious right and gay marriage, transgender rights, everything just fell into place. It’s amazing when you have a strong and impartial Supreme Court what you can do. How the world can change.”
Steven rolls over and kneels at the side of the bed, head bowed. He’s obviously tired and sore from last night. “Yes, my lord?”
“Yeah, I don’t think going hiking is going to be on the schedule. It’s pretty nasty out there,” Steve says and sits back. He belches a little and excuses himself. “More coffee?”
“Most of the time,” Clint said and winked at Steve. “Just hold tight. We’re not planning on being airborne too long.”
“Things changed when I saw they weren’t just going after the random vamp.” She started towards the elevator and they all fell in step behind her. “Random vamps that choose not to join a coven or have been kicked out are usually the first to go with these types of round ups. It ebbs and flows. They round a few up, do something hideous, and then things quiet down. It’s part of their PR to keep humans from getting antsy.” She shook her head.
She grimaces instead of frowns. “Well, I’ve seen others like yourself before, that doesn’t mean child I’ve seen a lot. Less than a dozen but more than a handful. Most weren’t so egregiously hurt. But you got fight in you, how you survived them plucking out the main flight feathers, and crushing the bones, I don’t know.”
Steve seems to perk up when Tony admits defeat as far as leaving at this moment. He smiles and says, “Well, we have all the supplies we need. It should be fine. We’ll have a quiet weekend. Obviously, you need a lot of sleep considering how sleep deprived you are.”
Tony chuckles as he picks up a bottle from the cart and then settles back down next to Steve. He places the two glasses down and then proceeds to open the bottle. “Natasha is more than a treasure. She’s a shrewd businesswoman. She knew I’d be coming here and knew my type. She zeroed in on you like an eagle on a fish.” Steve frowns at the reference. “Big raptor type bird. Seriously, you don’t know it?”
“Good question,” Tony replies. “But a hard one to answer. Right now I can tell you who will be on my side. Natalie and her contingency. She doesn’t want the chair. It would tie her down too much and she enjoys the wayfaring potential of her fleet. They’re explorers more than anything with a little assassination on the side for good measure.”
He hears the bed creak again and figures that Steve’s decided to lay back down – or maybe the injuries are more serious and he just fell down. “You okay out there?” He opens up the medicine cabinet to find toothpaste, a straight razor, and shaving cream. Not even a fucking aspirin.
JARVIS announces, “Mer Rogers, I wanted to inform you that you are scheduled to meet Prince Anthony in exactly 15 minutes. He requested that you wear the uniform he provided instead of the more casual clothes to the match. Apparently, there will be an attendee of high importance at the lacrosse match.”
“Ms. Potts?” Steve says while silently dismissing the Honor Guard. She glances up and an ambiguous shift of emotions crosses her face. Torn, he thinks she must feel a certain amount of fealty to him as well as her boss and friend, Tony. “May I speak with you?”
“We have time then, we’ll figure it out,” Tony promise and he understands the sincerity of an empty vow then; he wants it to be the truth, but he feels the hole it creates in the center of his chest. “It’s going to be okay.”
“They won’t.” Tony doesn’t ask who they are, again. Keeping silent eats at him, but he does because he wants to stay. Maybe he’s too selfish.  “I want to be with you.” He doesn’t say as he run his fingers along the bruises peppering Steve’s torso and side that he doesn’t want anyone else to be with Steve. “I could give you the money. You don’t have to want for anything.”
Vision nods. “Ultron’s code is unraveling. It’s degrading all across the internet. It’s lashing out. You only need to get to the Hub to finish him off. According to my calculations, the virtual reality will completely disintegrate in a little over one hour. To be specific 84 minutes and 25 seconds.” He points down the passageway. “There’s little time. The exit Door is losing integrity due to the implanted worm.”
The prince falls into the pillows and throws his arm over his face. “You wound me. Ancient as I am, I’d hope you’d see beyond my wrinkles.”
“Well, you aren’t telling me much. So, I’m going to tell you what happened. At some point or another you probably discussed Barnes. I know this because Steve told me he was going to broach the subject with you. You, on the other hand, probably already knew the awful truth because you’re too damned curious and hacked SHIELD ages ago. Plus, the big data dump would have been too rich for you to ignore. How am I doing so far?”
Steve ushers them in the correct direction, leading Tony down the wide hallway to the main bedroom suite. While there are 5 bedrooms with baths, the master suite is the largest. They walk into a vestibule area with a closet on the left-hand side with a small alcove on the right for hanging coats and jackets.
Steve shook his head. “Not really. It’s fantastically hard to find someone to talk to and most soul packs are isolated so you can’t get access them. I did read a lot about it. One of the things that struck me though was the whole Beloved thing.”
Tony inwardly admits it would be anyone’s fantasy to get their hands on that back, that chest, that ass, but he swallows down the eagerness. “Well, these are words you need to learn. Come.” He slings an arm over Steve’s shoulder and steers him toward the lower level.
“Getting a little tired of spy warnings,” Steve says and heads back to the lounge. He checks the time and notes that the Commando will have less than half an hour to get prepared for launch. That doesn’t leave much time for Clint to hunt down anything on Tiberius. Steve hopes he might be able to catch Pepper alone before they have to board for transport to the Lemurian Star.
Control fails Steve. He throws his head back and sobs out a needy moan. The water washes away the tears on his face. Are they tears of joy, of pleasure, of sorrow – Steve cannot tell. His feelings mix and jumble, a netted ball of thorns combined with a velvet touch. Some parts spear him through, others offer him solace and comfort.
Tony buries his head against Steve’s shoulder near his neck. He knows he doesn’t deserve this piece of serenity, this tiny bit of his dream. But he closes his eyes and holds on, embraces Steve and hopes he’ll be able to go back to what they were just moments ago. Yet, Steve holds him, doesn’t refuse him, doesn’t push him away. In turn, he lightly touches his lips to the crown of Tony’s head – as if to kiss him to offer him some solace.
After he finishes, he packs a small bag to have with him at the prince’s quarters and then sets off. It’s only a short walk but he’s surprised to see Rumlow’s Strike team on the ship. Rumlow eyes him and winks once. Steve feels exposed and he hurries past the team without a word. He shuts down listening to hear if they catcall him. It’s one of the elements of being a sex worker he truly hates. While some is expected and he does play into it when needed, unsolicited attention is not wanted – regardless of position.
“So I may remember, but the memories won’t really be mine anymore,” Steve says. His eyes are closed now as if he’s willing the memories to stay within him. “They’ll be like watching a movie or something.”
Stumbling forward, Steve falls into Tony’s arms. He buries his head in Tony’s hair, his whole body trembling. The structure of Captain America crumbles in his arms. Tony is responsible for destroying it. Something dark and horrifying wells up. He strokes Steve’s back and tries to comfort him all the while feeling like a traitor.
As he tries to release him, Tony makes a horribly wrecked noise and shivers. Steve hushes him and then waits until he can leave without Tony getting too upset. As Steve stands, he says to Pietro, “Often people who’ve had seizures need to sleep for several hours. Let him. I’ll be back soon.”
“I suppose since I’m the one linked to him now I kind of have been selected by the universe at large to do what I can,” Bruce said. He placed his hands at his hips, the towel tucked tightly around them. “I see it as a little bit of karma.”
“Um, no? We’re funded by SHIELD. All’s good. I just thought it might be nice to get together,” Steve said and the flicker of distance appeared in his eyes. He shifted in his seat. “But it’s fine if you are busy.”
“Sure, why wouldn’t that be okay,” Tony said and threw his hands up. “Invite the whole damned cult of sorcerers. I don’t care.” He went back to his workbench, his whole manner obviously telling Steve to leave.
“You know this dimension stuff doesn’t make sense. Dimensions aren’t realities. So, lion you couldn’t have come from another reality.”
Buckling in on the jet, Tony watched the other members of the team. Natasha and Bruce sat next to one another – she most obviously was in charge of keeping him calm. Clint and Sam played a game of chess as Steve sat to the back of the jet and by himself. Tony frowned as he looked down at the seatbelt. He stopped and unclipped it, then he got up and went to join Steve.  Steve only gave him a cursory glance and then turned back to his book. It was one of the ones Tony brought back from Strange.
“Yeah, I kind of do,” Tony says and guides him over to the cot. He deposits him onto the only true sleeping surface in the cave and then rummages around the bench. Coming back, he has a rag with a pot of water. “Let me clean out your wounds again.”
“I got a better idea,” Tony says. He needs his tablet for it, but as he climbs the stairs, he realizes he left it in Steve’s room. “I just need to wash up a bit. I’ll be right down.” He skips up the stairs. He does go to his own room first to clean up a bit, and then heads back down the hall to Steve’s room.
Steve opened his mouth and Clint did what he could to adjust the straw so that he wouldn’t taste the vile stuff. Steadying his breathing, Steve took the straw and closed his mouth around it. He tried not to sniff, not to smell the tang of metal, yet it burned his nostrils. He gave himself a count and then started to suck. Even with the straw as far into his mouth as possible, the taste was unmistakable. His stomach roiled and rebelled. He gagged.
Stane places both is his gorilla fists on the desk, leaning over it. “Truly, Tony, you think we have time for this when the Supreme Intelligence is close enough to the Inners to just wipe out half the sector?”
“We need unity. You know that, you’ve said it before.” Stane shakes his head and throws up his hands. “I don’t know what to do with you. You don’t listen. Tony, I’m doing this for your own good. What happens when this war is over – if it ever is – and people like Justin or heaven forbid Pierce realize that you have such sway over the common people? You know what happens? They move in, they take over. I’m trying to protect you.”
Tony hushed him, holding him close as he processed the information. He continued to talk, to supply more of the story as he lightly caressed and kissed Steve.
“Kind of. It will be your past, but not our past. Not anyone else’s. Nothing is a firm answer here.”
“From what we understand,” Fury said as he stepped in to explain, “soul packs are rare but have been popping up from time to time.”
“The pack?” Clint jumped in. “What about the team, the Avengers. Ever hear of that? We have priority. We were here first-.”
Steve grasps Tony’s hand. “You never told me your mother was in the fine arts. What was her specialty?”
“I don’t mean to be jerk or anything, Tony.” He hisses under his breath and then falls back into the booth, his shoulders sag. “I’m doing this all wrong. It was so much easier before.”
With gentle pressure against his side, Tony gets Steve to sway. It’s only a tiny movement. He listens to the ocean and Tony’s speaking to him, right in his ear. “Just let the ebb and flow take your body, float on the sounds of the waves.”
Tony pulls the phone away from his ear and stares at it for a second, but then Clint calls to him a few times. Tony places the receiver to his ear again. “Yes, what’s going on?” He thinks he needs to pull over. The world around him narrows and he feels a fist squeeze his chest. “Is something, is something wrong?”  Why else would Clint call him?
“He knows you’re blind, right?” Going for the stupid smart remark to impress the boss Steve cringes again. He’s going to get fired.
How did Bruce get here? Why was he here? A distant memory threw the answer at him like a storm hitting him in the face: Healer. He needed to see Cap – immediately.
“Well, now I have an even strong reason to keep an eye on you. And I can make sure that SHIELD assigns me to watch over Bruce. One way or the other SHIELD will keep its hands off of the pack.”
He cannot help the draw that Tony has over him. He drifts down the street toward Tony’s residence. He knows that Bucky is well taken care of since Bruce promised to watch over him tonight. He only has to rap on the door once and Jarvis opens it and welcomes him in.
The wind masks his calls to Shield and Tony sidles close to him as if he knows without speaking that the horse means the world to Steve. Steve’s grateful for the attention, and realizes that Tony is right – he does have more than just Bucky.
“Tony. My name is Tony I know that’s hard for your eidetic memory and all,” Tony said. He should be nice to the man. It’s not like they have to work together anymore. Plus, he needed to come to terms with the fact that even though his father had an obsession with Captain America, that guilt shouldn’t be laid on Steve Rogers’ obscenely broad shoulders.
“Came about five years ago. Sir, Mister Stane hired me. Now I understand that you and he ended things kind of in the negative.” Rumlow twisted his face as if it was difficult to manage those words. “But he was always fair here. Much better than in my former employ.”
“We gonna do this every fucking day,” the man – who Tony assumes is Rumlow – says. “You hear me, Rogers? I want you out here every day and I’m gonna.” He stops and groans as he pounds into Steve. “I’m gonna have my men in here, they’re gonna use you like the dog you are.”
Tony thinks of all the bombs he’s designed, and the people blown apart as he stares down at the blue light embedded in his chest. What moral compass had his parents offered him? Should he still blame stuff on his parents since it’s been so many years, decades really since they died. Isn’t he responsible for his own actions, now?
The guard grunted his approval. “I’m Brock Rumlow. Assigned to daily duty with o four. Get tired of all those numbers.”  He sniffled and pointed down the gray corridor. “It’s awake. I just finished the daily scrub down.”
Tony reaches for his coffee again. He pretends he didn’t hear the name. Of course, Logan would know that Steve’s been ill. Someone would have to be a mole not to know that the world had its eyes on Steve’s condition. “So Logan?” He sips his coffee. It takes like mud in his mouth.
“I asked what school you went to,” Tony snaps. He is an alpha, a prime alpha at that – he shouldn’t have to deal with such insolence. Even though they stand only meters apart, Tony feels the cold, the drift between them.
“You got a fucking weird sense of mortality and duty, you know that, right? You have a pack! How many times do we-I have to tell you that? You can’t get rid of me. None of us. You take us as a package deal.” Tony squeezed his shoulders that at once felt strong and weak.
“Display all active corporations, their holdings, representatives, and their governors,” Steve says and the console lights up in soft hues of blue. Every time he uses it, his thoughts drift back to Tony. He recalls lying with Tony in the guest quarters on his ship the Howling Commando and watching the stars projected above their heads. It had been sappily romantic and he still loves to daydream about those days.
That couldn’t be it, of course. But Strange’s encounter with that Drummer guy had happened sometime before – Tony wasn’t sure of the dates or the times. He was actually fairly certain that Strange couldn’t pin it down either anymore. Fucking with time probably did that.
He inches closer to Steve, and then somehow grasps his hand. “What did they do? How did this happen?” It’s nonsense to think his tormentors had anything to do with the wings, but he has to ask. He needs it to make sense somehow.
Tony laughed to himself and his eyes snapped open to see the dark waters faded into the starry night. Why would Steve name him as friend or even lover? He barely knew the man. Tony fooled himself a million times over the years. He wasn’t going to allow a childhood dream influence him now. He needed to withdraw from longing to be a part of some weird soul pack or even from being part of the Avengers. He was on his own these many months. He had been Iron Man protecting the world before and he would be it again.
“That’s not going to happen,” Tony said as JARVIS fit the pieces into place. “You know it’s not iron, right, it’s an alloy. A really strong-.”
“Well, it’s problem for me.” Tony stands as he speaking. Without assistance, he rounds the island that they are sitting at and then goes to the refrigerator. “Jarvis has all of his own ideas about how I should be living my life. He doesn’t like the fact that I’ve hidden my predicament from the world, but he supports it.” He opens the fridge, and very briefly, Steve wonders if he should get up and help Tony find whatever he’s looking for. But Jarvis organizes his kitchen well and Tony grabs the spray can of whip cream. “He never lets me have whip topping on my fruit. He’s so old fashioned.”
From the comms the distant voice of Hill. “Thor would like to come up. Clint is reporting a confrontation.”
Bruce furrowed his brow and took off his glasses. “So you were in the middle of bonding and it was interrupted?”
“I guess I’m starting to understand what it means to be Healer, and why the other guy is important as well,” Bruce said and retrieved his glasses from his shirt pocket.
“Yes, I know,” Tony said. “Most of the coven leaders and the Divini are here. It’s like a convention but without all the booze and drugs.”
“You’re beautiful,” Steve murmurs and leans down to kiss the chest augmentation. Tony clasps the back of Steve’s head and moans out a small cry as he kisses a ring around the implant. Tony wobbles, and Steve gazes up at him. “I’m gonna take good care of you tonight, baby. Real good care.”
“What word?” Bruce finally sits down on a stool and leans into the workbench, elbows on the edge. He picks at the wires Tony tossed to the side.
Steve accepted it. “Well, that’s something we have to keep in mind.” So many questions, so little resources. He would have to quiz Natasha the next time he saw her. She might be helpful now that he was essentially an outlaw. An identified mated human was considered a danger to other humans, as well as considered criminally insane. He frowned. This wasn’t at all how it was supposed to turn out – not the way he’d thought of it back in the day.
“Well, whenever you’re ready. Come on upstairs. We need some help with the project.”  Steve hurries away from the kitchen and races up the stairs. He ends up in his own bedroom with the door closed and locked. He can’t lie to himself. Just seeing two people intimate with each other leaves him anxious and lost. He hasn’t wanted sex – even jerking himself off – since Peggy died.
“Great.” Tony nods. He waits for a full minute, watching Steve studiously and carefully place all his supplies exactly where he wants them. Sometimes, Tony thinks Captain America might be a little obsessive compulsive. “So, have you checked out the rest of the house? Picked a room?”
Tony admitted it. It was still hard to discuss Bucky. Tony clung to the connection with Steve. Bucky was Steve’s best friend and so Tony leaned on that – thought of Bucky only in that regard. He closed off the portion of his brain, his soul that spiraled down to the memories that would filter up to Tony from Bucky. Steve managed to help Tony, even though he probably didn’t know it. Steve’s handle of the Soul Mantra sang in Tony’s head and seeped through his soul at all times of the day. It wasn’t just noise, it was like an inner embrace of love.
His brain jumbles the events of the last few days. It seemed that they’d spent a good amount of time ambling, strolling along with the project but then everything sped up as if they were suddenly in a race. Steve doesn’t like the feel of it. It’s too rushed. For him, in the army, he needed everything double and triple checked. He doesn’t doubt the Tony worked his controls, checked his math, verified the results of his tests, but it all fell together too fast at the end. Maybe that is how science works. Steve doesn’t know, he’s not a scientist. Tony is. All the wonders that Tony will be able to-.
Tony offers him the water and Steve takes it. He doesn’t drink it, just stares at the ripples on the water’s surface as he holds it.
It’s obviously a form of lacrosse where contact is allowed. Steve knows nearly nothing about the sport except what JARVIS brief him on, but the players use both their bodies and their sticks to jostle each other across the field. It’s dangerous play since the gravity in the bowl is unpredictable. Sometimes a player races forward only to lose momentum and end up flung into the air while another player might scoop up the ball only to be slammed into the padded floor of the bowl. It looks chaotic and insane.
“No, not for me,” Tony says and he leaves the rest unsaid. “Come to bed with me, Sheriff, let me touch you again.” His hand slips downward and Steve wavers in his resolve as Tony caresses him. “Just stay with me.”
“You don’t want to be bonded to me, fine. But I can’t let you kill yourself over it,” Tony says, and then inhales, holds it, before releasing it and tapping his forehead before looking back at Steve again. “Let’s start this over. I came here because I was concerned. I love you. I think you still love me. I don’t want you to be hurting, and all evidence to the contrary, I don’t think you want me to be hurting-.”
He shakes as the cradle works and he feels confined, closed like he’s in a coffin, away from everyone. The agony wells up, spreads from his shoulder near his collar bone and he trembles. It’s too much. He’s never felt this hot, this burning before. It’s worse than being shot, than being in the Rebirth capsule. He wants out, but then the pain becomes all-encompassing and he loses his touch with the here and now to sink back into the memories – both good and bad – of the past.
“Yes. Tony must have dropped it when he first came by to visit you and the family.” Steve tries to appeal to that side of Ultron that longs to be human, be seen as human.
Sam lifted a shoulder in a shrug. “Dude, he’s gotta know sometime. The Winter Soldier is part of our pack, his pack. He’s Brother, right?”
Tony stared at him for a full minute, not knowing how to process just about everything. He should ask Steve to stay. What the man had been through today alone begged for companionship, a few beers, a heart to heart talk. Tony studied Steve. The tightness of his jaw, the tension in his shoulders warned him not to intrude. Sighing, Tony relented. Exhausted by the messy business that seemed to be his life right now, Tony waved at Steve. “Go. JARVIS will take you to your floor.” He didn’t watch as Steve went to the elevator, didn’t look up as the elevator opened and Steve entered it. He only glanced up as the doors closed and Steve was staring down at his feet in the car. Tony grabbed the bottle of Bourbon and poured himself two fingers.
When Tony returns he brings a tray with fruit and juice. “I’m not much of a cook. Sorry about that. I did hire someone, but she’s not here today and she can’t see you. She only comes in two or three times a week, cooks and freezes the food.”
In mornings he went to the bathroom and studied his reflection in the mirror. Strange eyes looked out at him, strange not in color but in substance. His soul metamorphized into something brittle that snapped like a dead twig. Hollow inside. Steve went through the motions of shaving and stared at his open razor with a kind of wanton delight. It glinted in the light of the bathroom and then he saw his mother standing in the mirror.
“Off to the wild, wild West then,” Tony says. He toys with a cookie but doesn’t really eat it, flips it around in his hands.
He waited for Tony to respond, but when he didn’t Steve said, “If you blame anyone, Tony, blame me. I was stupid and arrogant and thought I could do anything back in the day. Hell, I was Captain America. I was the one who let Bucky fall from that train. If it hadn’t been for me, then Bucky wouldn’t have been subjected to years of torture. He wouldn’t have been the Winter Soldier. If anyone is responsible for your parents’ deaths it’s me. Put the blame on me.”
“Ultron doesn’t know the whole team was here. Or at least he’s not supposed to know,” Steve says.  He had been thinking about the first time they visited Barton’s family earlier. “Do you think he can read our minds? Retrieve the data?” He’d asked it before, but he needs the answer.
“What you think of as space is really dimensional realms. We’re protecting you, Asgard tries to protect you as well, but that’s all going to fall apart, very soon.”
Steve doesn’t fight, he wanted to – he didn’t want to presume. He crawls into the bed, spreading the extra blanket over them and snuggles behind Tony so that Tony will be closest to the fire. Skin to skin, Steve sinks against Tony and sighs his relief.
“Tony, stop. You’re liable to choke the man,” Pepper says and then she turns to Steve. “You have to understand, Sheriff, we live a less conventional life.”
"Would you like to go back downstairs and have that drink, Captain?" Tony asks and he lowers his gaze until it bores into Steve.
“I just said, they’re in the med-bay.” Tony led him out of the bedroom, through a long hallway passing what Steve could only surmise might be other bedrooms to a large living area that opened to the kitchen.
Bucky Barnes but some distorted tortured version of his friend, his Brother, that killed Tony’s parents and dozens, if not hundreds, of others.
He’s drunk with insanity, that’s the only thing Tony can chalk it up to. There cannot be anything growing out of Steve’s back. That’s idiotic, insane. Unless Raza has some crazy assed scientist experimenting on the Army grunt.
"What? No, not at all," Steve says and furrows his brows. "I'm fine, or will be. Just get in the suit."
Tony grasped his hand. “It’s me. I’m here, for you not for Captain America. I get it. I get that the dreams you had are back there in that house. The dreams you had are in the past. But are the dreams you could have now, are they that bad?”
“No, I’m not done here,” Tony says. He pulls his arm away from her and turns his attention back to the man drooping down to the floor of the cell. Pep starts to protest but he glowers at her and she stops, swallowing down any objections. “Now, tell me why your clan’s dead but you’re alive.”
Steve never liked that idea, but the fact remained that they had to be ready for anything when it came to battle. “Sam confirm the civilians.”
“Something like that,” Bruce said. “Anyway, who knew that the Black Widow loved soap operas, and romance novels? I didn’t. I had no idea. But now that I let that cat out of the bag, she might actually try and kill me. Please, Tony, take pity on me.”
“Enough. He’s still getting his feet under him. He could use a few more friends outside of work,” Natasha said, her tone softer, kinder.
“I’m always on the winning side.” She releases him and stands up. “Don’t let me down, Rogers.” Without further word, Natasha walks away. She stops only to whisper something in Tony’s ear, and he glares at Steve in response to her information. How she figures everything out so easily should scare all of them.
“Killjoy.” Tony pulls out a wad of credits and stuffs it in Steve’s hand. “Pay him, I want my popsicle.” The vendor accepts the cash and Steve tries to hand back the change. Tony only shakes his head and takes the popsicles ready to eat them, paper wrapper on and all.
Though he couldn’t say whether or not Steve felt the same way. Granted, they spent the day after Peggy’s funeral and burial together. They wandered London streets. Steve told Tony stories of the SSR’s headquarters in London, his brief breaks from the war here, and he pointed out areas of London that had seen devastation from the nightly air raids.  All of the destruction had been swept away by recovery and progress. Tony wondered how much of the war had been cleaned away for Steve. Most of it seemed to be only a heartbeat away for him. London seemed to stop time for Steve. Steve made history that seemed prehistoric sometimes when Tony thought of it, come alive. He smiled at Tony, clasped his hand as they made their way through the crowded streets. He even held the door for Tony when they stopped by a small restaurant for quick meal.  When they got ready to pack and leave London for New York again, Steve stopped by Tony’s hotel room. Tony invited him in and Steve awkwardly talked to Tony until he just couldn’t handle the pressure anymore and finally kissed him. Tony was a little taken back by Steve’s initiative, but when he broke away from the kiss, he smiled and Tony and murmured he would see him on the plane. He scurried out of the room like a mouse racing away from a cat. And didn’t that image just not fit Captain America at all. Somehow, it amused and tickled Tony that Steve trusted him, wanted it, and took a few uneasy steps toward the new horizon.
It made sense. Full time medical staff wouldn’t have lot to do on a daily basis. Steve pointed behind him. “If that’s research staff, how does it work with this being a med-bay?”
“You did nothing of the sort,” Thor said. He grimaced as he felt the strings of Tony’s discomfiture. “I would say I am complacent in my brother’s deeds. I was the one who never noted his jealousy of my position. I pretended that his actions as a youth were mere playful antics. But they were not. I should have read the signs. Neither my father nor my mother read the signs. Yet still it happened. I mourn his death now because of the loss of what could have been. Am I guilty of his deeds? No. Will I ensure I keep an open eye in the future? Yes.” He paused and kept his sights on Tony. “Perhaps now you see the weaknesses and frailty of us all?”
“I’m sorry. It took a while before we got to safety and I couldn’t call you,” Steve said and started to unzip his jacket. He tossed his shirt on the bed.
Tony must sense the tension and slips his hand away. The rest of the flight back to the Avengers ship is weighed down by silence. When they disembark onto the flight deck of the the Avengers, Steve hurries past the guards and Tony headed in one direction. He has to call Natasha, he needs to cut this off. He’s not going to be able to do this. Natasha’s right. Steve blinks away the tears.
“Protective,” Steve says. “It’s not a problem. I understand.” While it might freak Steve out a little when he finds little notes in his laundry concerning his care and treatment of Tony, he can understand the loyalty his friends and family have for him. Steve finds Tony fascinating.
Tony grapples around the bed as if he’s looking for something. He sits up and scrubs his hands through his hair. “Is the upgrade finished? Could you check?”
“Wait, wait. This isn’t like easy you know. Especially if you haven’t done it in a while,” Steve says. “Just relax.” He feels the briefest touch at his entrance and tenses and his erection fades a bit. “Just relax.” Steve’s words are melodious, and he tenderly circles his one hand on Tony’s lower abdomen right above his cock while he rubs warmed lube on his entrance. Slowly he introduces a finger. It glides it with ease as Steve keeps talking, saying small intimate and loving words to Tony. “I can’t believe how hot you are, Tony. How strung out on this you look, like your high on it. It drives me crazy seeing you like this, so blazingly starving for it.”
“No bother, it might be nice to see you fuck him,” Estane says. “A little show for my omega Stalls, since you never have the belly for it.” His gut twists as Estane speaks. Pointing to Tony, Estane says, “Get him some fucking pants. This one deserves no clothes. He stays naked.” Estane lifts his boot and then steps on Steven’s penis, pressing his entire weight. Only a whisper of a cry bubbles out of Steven’s mouth. Blood leaks from his lips.
“We don’t know yet. Bruce is assessing his status. He’s down in the med-bay.” Tony thumbed it over his shoulder. “There’s nothing you can do right now. Clint is unconscious.”
“You’re not wrong,” Steve says with a smile. Tony hasn’t been here a month and already he’s read the entire town. From Darcy and her flagrant disregard for dress conventions to Natasha in love with two men, to Erik lost in a world all his own, and then there’s Clint and Bucky – who the world would label as cripples. “I’ll give you that.”
“Dance?” He’s not a good dancer. Wanda and Scott (who is amazing) tried to teach him several times. Steve straightens his shoulders, wipes his mouth, and then stands stiffly.
Tony drops back onto his stool. He throws up his hands. “Then I don’t know what’s going on with him.”
“Now, now, Thad,” Pierce said as he entered the cell. He paused and then coughed. Taking out a handkerchief, Pierce said, “God, the stink is terrible.” He frowned and wiped his eyes and nose with the hanky. “Now, Thad, as I was about to say, I think we can give Agent Barton here a reprieve.”
“Well, that doesn’t leave anything to worry about, does it?” Steve shoots back and Clint claps him on the back.
“But here is what I fear,” Thor says and his voice drops as he bows his head. “I feel that if the concoction used to poison the knife, that pierced your good friend in his back had been formulated by my wayward brother, it may be even more serious, more potent than that. A powerful mixture of ergot and Loki’s known brilliance for formulations.”
“You’re so perfect.” He runs his hands down Steve’s thin chest, over his boney shoulder. He makes Steve feel alive and beautiful all at once. “I want to stay here all night, but I only paid for the hour.” His voice drops like he’s embarrassed.
Tony falls silent and then hunts the surrounding area again. No sign of Blu at all. His shoulders slump. He debates leaving now, forgetting this place. It might have been all a fevered dream. A lion that understands him, that listens to him, that lets him cuddle? Obviously, it was a product of an injury, nothing more. That’s what Pepper would tell him. She would look at him with that soft admonishing gaze that somehow imparted understanding as well. She would touch him tenderly and tell him it was all right. He’d been through a lot in the last year. No one would ever blame him. Blame him for what? His delusions?
Steve flushed and bowed his head. Tony bit at his own lip; this was it – Steve was going to tuck tail and run. “It’s a little of the soul thing, but it’s a lot more of -.” He grabbed Tony’s hand, rubbing it but not looking at him. “It’s, well, it’s a lot more.”.
It riles him and he refutes Steven’s conclusion. “I’ve been a supporter of the abolitionists for ages. In fact, you can find some of my more public fights with my father on the Viz-nets.”
“For Tony, working is relaxing. If you want him to rest and to sleep, then that’s a different story. At times like these he either needs a totally new distraction or he needs to fall asleep on his feet.”
The faster they find the Passage in each level or rim, the better as far as Steve is concerned. He doesn’t want to play games; he wants to get the job done and get on with confronting Ross. They don’t have time for this hogwash and playing games. He stalks back to Tony and Clint ready to confront him when he finds himself standing in the middle of a bedroom with Tony. There’s a full bed with a light rose colored comforter. Lace curtains blow in the deep summer night air. It’s fully dark outside.
“Steven, this is Heimdall. He used to guard Asgard when there was one to guard. He died at the hands of Thanos under the influences of the Tesseract.”
“I want a drink and for you to stop speaking so formally to me,” Tony says and unclamps his hand from Steve’s arm. He hadn’t realized he was nearly locked onto it. He heads to the bar he knows is close to the windows of the bedroom.  With deft hands, he finds the bottle of Scotch and a tumbler.
Through the bond, Tony’s heart beat in unison with Steve’s. He felt the twinge of it, the emptiness pervading it. He remembered the chill of the ice. How the darkness of the ocean danced around him, like water spirits taunting him. The horror of the frigid world, trapped forever in the gloom, beckoned him. “Maybe I shouldn’t have ever been found.”
“I came to find my sons.” Odin huffs. “And speak with Prince Anthony. I saw you with him and you wear his star. Do you think I may get an audience with the good prince?”
“Okay, I’ll try. But you need to keep your defenses up,” Bruce added. “SHIELD would love to get their hands on controlling your soul pack.”
“That is a good method. What is even better is the method of the Soul Mantra. Do you know of it?” Wong exuded an inner calm but at the same time reminded Steve of some of the sternest Sisters who taught him long ago.  “A mantra comes from the Buddhist or Hindu tradition, where a word, phrase, or sound is repeated to aid in meditation. In this case we don’t truly use it for meditation but to concentrate our soul or astral projection within our core. Remember the bonding is essentially an interweaving of astral projections that leaves you open to others.”
“Don’t think that way,” Steve says and realizes how that sounds. “Ultron was an attempt to save the world from outside attacks. No one can fault you for that.”
The smile on his face ached as he laughed and wished to hold Tony one more time. Tony, though, was too far away, too distant. Where he wandered now, the air around him crackled with electricity but it did not harm. It soothed his broken soul like a salve. He welcomed it in; it reminded him of Tony. Walking further he came upon the light of day just over the ridge, beyond the star field he treaded upon.  Standing at the edge, Steve saw the sheer drop as stars fell like waterfall cascade down into the endlessness of time and cosmos. Beyond he saw Sol rising high and warm against the backdrop though it never illuminated or distanced the stars. It became one of them. A light amongst the darkness.
Sam snickers a little and grasps his shoulder. It’s supposed to be friendly, a gesture of familiarity but somehow it feels off. “You just get better, right? Always the same with you. Trying to be the soldier.”
“They’re going to transport you in a few hours,” Tony says. “I got here just in time. I’m going to come with you. This isn’t sanctioned, of course. But I’m not letting you out of my sight. Not again.”
“Sweet,” Tony says and yawns. “Wake me up when my Guardian Angel re-appears, I have a bone to pick with him.”
He marches through the corridors of the Capital Living Station; he needs to set his boots on soil, touchdown and go planet side for a while. His life isn’t his own anymore, though he can’t remember a time it really was. It occurs to him then that while he was in the middle of concocting a rebellion, he’d actually had control over his life for the first time in over a century. He’d been a part of something bigger than himself, he’d been carried away with its ideals and the momentum of freedom and justice, but it felt right and good. It felt like him; his identity.
“I’m not sure.” Lord, how was he going to fake this one. “What are you looking for?” All he knew he’d shown Steve and that was from the wonderful Wikipedia source.
Hands are on him and he beats them back, trying to get to Steve. Someone’s opened the door to the SUV and is talking to him. A brace wraps around his neck and holds him in place. He’s not listening, he wants the ambulance. “Where’re the paramedics? Where?”
The busy street below thrives with life, the honk of traffic, the drone of voices. Steve will miss it, but he tries not to brood about it too much as he tapes up another box. He doesn’t own too much, but it surprisingly takes up a lot of boxes. More than he reckoned. He’ll need to go back down to the grocer and see if he can get a few more boxes. Leaving the city hadn’t been his plan, but Bucky and Sam were right. There’s not a lot left here and he has a tidy sum in his bank account. As an artist he can work anywhere. Sure, New York City possesses one of the healthiest and strongest art communities in the world. Just look at the gala at the Maria Stark Foundation if anyone doubts that statement. Millions donated each year for young artists. It’s a dream for some, but for Steve it’s only a nightmare. Leaving the city and packing his life away in a storage container is the way to go. He’s going to stop off and see Bucky and Sam in D.C. before he leaves and then he’s going to wander on his motorcycle for a while. Just see the country. Maybe find inspiration in the landscape and the people. He needs something to pull him out of the funk.
The hot water beat down on him and he froze. His body trembled and that same odd ache in the center of his chest, his core, plagued him. Like an opened wound it throbbed and he placed a hand against his scarred sternum. Tony swore he could feel it bleeding. He needed something. What happened to him? He was fine.
Steve snickers. “Okay then let’s get to work.” He settles down on the couch and starts to review and assess the schedule, referencing JARVIS’ vast knowledge to find out what’s best and what’s need/required for the prince to attend. (For fuck sake’s the schedule has Tony attending a talk about current microfluidics on a distant colony that has nothing to do with the conference or the war).
Recalling the sins of the past gets him nowhere. It only serves the same purpose that Zemo wanted. To tear them apart. He succeeded and there is nothing that Steve can do about it but move on and allow a certain sense of freedom. He’d written one letter to Tony. This time – sitting on the sink – he’s written his second letter.
Tony inhales, holds it, and then exhales. “You’re dying, Steve. If we don’t save your gland you’ll be dead in the next few days. We can’t stop it.”
Tony tried not to let that comment infuse a light step to his walk but he failed. He had intended to visit the bar but instead went directly to his room. His nerves tingled and he scanned the expansive suite with its king-sized bed, pale greys, and muted pastel colors. The bed had the finest linens. There was a hint of postmodern age décor with a touch of classical furniture that easily complemented one another. The bathroom reflected the lobby with grey white marble, clean lines, and columns to accent the look. He’d been here a hundred times but seemed to be seeing it for the first time. It overwhelmed him – how gorgeous and how opulent the room was.
Compelled, the omega does as told but his mannerisms show that he’s not happy about it. He’s wearing the leathers that Tony assigned to him as an omega warrior. The breastplate with pauldrons are dark in color. Tony hasn’t given him the red and gold of the Stark family crest yet. His arms are bare but will eventually have bracers and gloves. He wears leather trousers without boots. His feet are bare. Around his neck he wears Tony’s collar which glimmers with the Stark family colors.
“You’ll met him,” Steve says and he leads him out of the office into the street. It’s coming into late October and the wind is strong and harsh. Going to the ranch will be treacherous and questionable. Travel across the plains and through the mountains is avoided at all costs as the weather turns. Luckily, the weather has held and they’ll be able to get to Schmidt’s ranch house without an issue, coming back might be another story.
The disappointment and pain written plainly on his face. He tried to hide it, to put up the shields of fake smiles and casual shrugs, but it didn’t work. The smile turned into a horrible grimace of disillusionment. The shrug transformed into a tenseness, a rigid demeanor as Tony snatched his hand away. He practically snarled at Steve. “Why did I think it would be anything different? You ruined my childhood. Why wouldn’t you ruin my adulthood?”
“What? Because of angel babies?” Tony snaps, but at least he’s turned to face Steve completely. He’s still at the door, ready to dash away.
Grappling, Steve pushes up against Bucky but pulls back on using his strength. Worried about Bucky’s injuries, Steve attempts to throw him off with a sudden jerk and twist of his torso; it doesn’t work.
Steve shakes his head. “I’m not sure what you’re getting at Tony. I do know that Natasha lets us say yes or no to anyone that wants to commission us. So, I could say no.” Stane’s a big named client. He also mentioned he tips generously – something that Steve desperately needs if he ever want to afford the augmentation. Natasha would be able to charge him through the roof, too. Like she’s charging Tony right now. He’s not sure what kind of pressure Natasha might apply to get him to accept a night or even a contract with Stane.
He disappears through the archway to the main living room of the penthouse. Steve watches him, unsettled and intrigued. Tony is more than just a man, he’s more than a blind man. Steve shoves away his circling thoughts, he could go down with them, sinking further down like a whirlpool infinitely spinning. He picks up the towel and tosses it in the laundry bin in the room adjacent to the kitchen. He checks the time; he has about an hour before he needs to get Tony for the Strange visit.
Steve only just manages to get off of Shield before the horse bucks. He yells to her to get across the river, slapping her in the hindquarters to get her moving as the water sloshes over his head. The horse pauses and then rears before plunging forward, taking Tony’s horse with her. Hoping the horse can make it to shore on her own, Steve focuses his effort on finding Tony. He swims through the rapids, the river a torrent of waves and current.
The V-Corp agents went about their work without complaint. They pulled out the wood gag, and then unbound the body. The creature on the gurney squirmed about as if seeking something. When one of the agents got too close to the mouth, it snapped at him. The agent jerked his arm away from the sharp fangs.
Logan retracts his claws and then Tony hears his footsteps pad away. The doors to the lab open and close. He’s gone. Bruce stays close for another few minutes, checking on Steve as he slowly comes back to himself, as he rests his head on the couch, and finally lays down lengthwise. Steve assures Bruce that he’ll rest and the good doctor leaves them alone.
Then Tony was cradled in Steve’s mouth, first only laying against his warm tongue. As Steve got used to the weight, the taste, Tony shuddered and covered his eyes with his one hand. But Steve would not allow it. He reached up and pulled him away. For a second he let Tony go. “I can’t do this alone. I need you to help me.”
Steve blinks his eyes as he tries to focus on Tony. His cock weeps with need to be touched but that’s not his call. The client always gets to call that unless there were previous arrangements. Steve pounds on the floor with fisted hands and throws his head from side to side. He needs it. Tony hits his prostate again and again. Steve’s gulping air, trying to breathe through the want.
He shook his head and nuzzled at Tony’s neck. “It’s just a dream.” He kissed and licked and Tony’s knees went weak. The thrumming in his head vibrated with yearning, with longing – that final reach to grab and get something long sought. He couldn’t parse how it was Steve. They always fought with one another, always butted heads, but their souls aligned. That was the difference. Their souls comprehended when their minds did not.
“He’s resting now. I don’t think he’s rested since we escaped,” Natasha said. She settled in a chair next to the bed Steve laid on. It took several minutes for his lagging brain to catch up. Something was wrong with him. He felt disconnected from his body as if he’d been a marionette puppet but his strings had been tangled and knotted.
Tony stumbles on the cobbled path, just getting to a park bench to lean against it as his breath sticks in his throat. He claws at his collar and closes his eyes. In his youth, Tony was carefree, even spending a summer having an affair with a young omega woman. He talked of what life could be like if they had more freedoms to choose rather than allowing their lives to be dictated by biology. Yet he knew that it was all a fantasy. Far in the past, the experiment to allow equality died due to the breakdown of law. Or that’s what he learned as a child.
Tony reaches out and smoothes a hand over the white feathers, letting his fingers drag along their shafts. It sends electric sparks up Steve’s spine and he feels the bond between them grow, twist, and mature.
Tony waves him off. “No. You take it. It’s just wasted on me.” He finds the bedroom farthest from Steve in the corner back side of the house. Because it is a corner room it has windows on two walls. It’s decorated in muted tones of taupe. It’s serene. He should be able to relax – maybe too much in the room.
The rest of the ward, Steve’s mother and her death bed dissipated into the darkness. Steve shoved hands into his faded brown trousers. They looked like they were two sizes too big. His shoes had holes in them, the toes of the leather split open. “This is who I am Tony. I don’t know if you realize it, but I spent the vast majority of my life like this.”
He sighs, and then goes to the door across the hallway. He hits the buzzer that flashes the lights. Clint opens the door almost immediately.
“Yes, sir,” Steve says as if he’s a soldier. He played the part in order to try and save Bucky. It didn’t work.
Once there he stares at himself in the mirror again, still stunned that this is his life. Dreaming of being an artist got him nowhere, but now he can help people. He might not be able to join the war efforts but at least this way he can support it. He recalls the brutally heartbreaking cry Tony let out as he come last night. It digs straight into his heart like a spear. Steve has a lot to learn about Tony.
Steven considers Tony only briefly, and then opens the door to the mansion after they walk up the wide stone steps and across the porch. “I’m sorry, I assumed you enjoyed the protocol. After all you’ve spent quite a bit of time driving it home.”
“Me too,” Steve says. “I worked my way back. It wasn’t easy. I still blamed myself. No one, not Sam, not Bucky, not anyone else can convince me that the failure of that mission isn’t my fault. People died on my watch. It will always be my fault.”
“Thank you. Coming right up.” Steve busies himself with fixing the coffee and then bringing it over to the table as Morgan and her father settle into a booth.  He digs out a book about knights and places it in front of the little girl. She smiles sweetly and starts paging through it. She oohs and aahs over the pictures of the Red and Silver Knights.
“A human, a man or a woman. Ready to protect and serve all of humankind. Why do we have to segregate rights and privilege based on the ability to procreate?” Steven replied. His words are strong but underneath them is laced a certain exhaustion as if he’s spent too many years fighting the same battle.
“Yeah. No. Just off with the VR and no glasses for now.” Tony pulls off the gloves and hands them to Steve as he unsnaps the VR goggles.
“Well there’s every day punishment. You gotta understand 18704 ain’t no angel. After all this time it still fights, every once in a while.”  He sighed. “I’m a softie. I don’t like to hurt it.”
“Steve, I’ve held onto this secret for nearly my whole life. I read about you; I watched every silly movie you were in. I listened to Howard’s stories never believing that the man could live up to the legend, but you have. I can’t hold onto this anymore. It’s too big. It’s too much to hold in. My secret is you. You’re my Kryptonite, too. I want you, I want to build my life around you, I want you to break a promise you made a million years ago because you want me and can’t stand for me to leave you. I love you, Steve Rogers. I have always.”
“I’m so sorry, big guy. This looks nasty.” In the dim light it’s hard to maneuver especially with the shadows dancing about from the fire. Eventually, he forces Blu as close to the fire as he dares and digs into his mouth, using his arc reactor as a second light source. That means his shoulder’s deep into the lion’s maw. Strangely fear never chills his heart. A sense of tranquility and purpose suffuse through him as he works as if he knows being with Blu will always be the safest place he’ll ever find himself. Slowly and diligently he plucks each burr out of his mouth and then moves to his cheek and around his blues eyes.
“I don’t think you need fixing,” Tony answered but the words were low in his throat. “I think you need to let go a little, stop being Captain America.”
“Well, you don’t have a lot of time. He arrives tomorrow.” She waves the schedule into the visualized holographs suspended in the air around the desk. “Sorry for the short notice. It was supposed to be held in two months, but this is an emergency meeting of the Conclave. Everyone is scrambling at the station.”
Steve smiles as he glances over at the former director of SHIELD. Most of his close friends and confidants still think of him as Captain. He doesn’t correct them because he clings to the designation as well.
The bird caws and then arcs around and flies into the pipe just as a new round of laser blasts hit. Bucky throws himself into the pipe head first and tries to slow down his descent so he doesn’t hit face first into the filth below. The ride down isn’t terrible, but the rumble of the building as it fights against the crumbling pillars threatens. He taps his ear bud as he slides downward.
“I-.” Steve stopped as the dreamscape reared its ugly memories. “We’re not here to talk about that. Not here. We should focus on you and what you need.”
The Widow rounds the desk, and she leans against it when she faces him. Her hands clasp in front of her. She’s relaxed but not entirely open to him. “So, tell me your story Steve Rogers.”
Tony fell back onto the cold concrete floor. His whole body shivered, seizing as he struggled. His hands quaked and he heard people in the background.
As the fire crackled in the background, the light flickering across the small cabin, Steve went through the Mantra in his head to open up his thoughts to Tony.
“No, no I’m not,” Steve says and the thought of escaping, wrestling free of his desk and duties suddenly becomes a very real option. Why would he shove it aside without considering it? “Okay, I’ll think about it. Just think about it.”
He huffs and says, “Play it.” Throwing himself down on the bed, he tucks his hands under his head and closes his eyes to visualize his friend.
“And we can find Clint,” Steve says and his doubts vanish, but the rolling river before him churns his fears. “It ain’t going to be easy.”
Men hang out of the sides with heavy artillery and search the horizon, ignoring the setting sun. Tony zeroes in on them and asks JARVIS to analyze the driver as he hovers some distance away.
He grimaces. “No, not exactly. I tried to join the army but look at me. No one wants me. Bucky tried to send money back to me but that didn’t change much. Even with money I still couldn’t get food to eat if there’s no food to be had. I needed to change my tactics.”
Stane turns on his heel and leaves the workshop, only the distant rumble of the ship’s internal engines fills the airwaves. Steve sits slouched against the wall, stunned, paralyzed, and a little angry. He tells himself he’s not ashamed of what he does. He’s doing it for a reason, and he’s good at it. Someday he’ll be free of having to use his body as a means to an end. There’s an honesty to the work he’s doing, he knows this – he accepts this, but right now, he feels dirty.
Pain and purpose streaked her features. It warred there, a quiet desperation to flee and leave them behind changed the colors of her eyes. With no other recourse, he agreed and slowly released his grasp on Steve. Even if they got off this roof, the likelihood that Natasha had calculated wrong – that there would be casualties still tainted the air. How would they escape? What was the plan? Clint eyed him and waited until Tony stepped up to the elevator door, waited until Tony’s chest burned bright with the fire of his rage, waited until Tony raised his hands – already glowing – and nodded.
He grabs Steve’s shoulder and pushes him over to the side out of the foot traffic. “What the fuck, Steve? What’s going on?”
He face flushed and he attempted to put the memories away, cut them off. He went through his Soul Mantra over and over but it only succeeded in solidifying the images until it felt as if Tony hovered over him. He swore if he reached out he could caress Tony, feel his sinew and musculature. He could compare his pale skin to Tony’s olive undertones and luxuriate in his warmth as he settled down on top of Steve. It felt real and perfect and Steve found himself rutting into his hand with a wild abandon. He squeezed his eyes closed and banished the images. It wasn’t right. It couldn’t be right. Natasha’s words whispered in his head and he swore. He pushed the phantom of Tony away and rolled over, but he stayed hard and needy. He tried to picture his neighbor but her face wouldn’t come to mind, he tried to think of a young Peggy, but all he saw was a grandmother figure with photos of her grandchildren on her side table. He thrust and he grappled to visualize anything – anyone other than Tony.
“And what’s he into this time?” Steve asks, considering Tony, how he moves and observes. It isn’t a casual kind of observation. Steve’s seen the type of training, the careful calculating eye.  He’s seen it in war and prison.
They check their meager weapons and then the ship swoops into a low arc toward the ground. The trees skirt it, whipping against the hull, lashing the windshield. “Here we go,” Clint says and then Bucky hears the release of the locks on the belly of the ship.
Before he approached the window to see the monster, Tony surveyed the screens. All of the feeds were grainy and pixelated. Obviously how updated the equipment was in the observation room meant nothing when the whole place still operated on decades old technology. He could only make out a figure and Pepper stood next to him. Her face pinched, her mouth tight. Tony inhaled as if he was about to jump into deep water. He exhaled as he stepped up to the windows. Pepper followed him, her hand gripping his arm.
“How about I invite him to the gala with his wife. Jan knows me. We could talk then; I might be able to convince him.” It would take some finagling to get Hank and Jan to come to the gala if Pepper hasn’t already invited them. Routinely, Tony doesn’t hang in their circles – not much anyhow -, but they are part of the same upper crust set. He needs to get to Pepper and have her invite them asap.
“Tony? Tony?” When Tony opens his eyes they are wide and terrified, his look haunted. At least he’s still alive. “Okay, Tony, let’s get out of here.”
His own guttural cry splits the night, and he trembles from the pain. He’s cleaved in two from it. Some part of his soul, the soul connected to the Keeper withers but fights and struggles for purchase. It’s infected like an evil viper clinging to life through feasting on his truth, the center of himself, his core, his soul.
Tony ignores Pietro’s outburst and points to the computer screen. “You’ll be watching the screen. I have normal sleep brain wave patterns programmed into it. You’ll compare that for any anomalies. There will be some, but it shouldn’t be too off from normal sleep waves.” Tony sets the glasses on the side table.
“How different are you than the man who left Logan and married that other Tony? How different? Does he feel like you? Does he think like you?”
Steve’s not sure he wants to hear a story. He needs to get out of here and find his way back to the Keep. “I need to leave.”
Bucky had leapt at him as soon as the door locked. With no lights on in the room, Steve failed to defend himself in those first crucial moments. To this day, the feeling of Bucky over him, hovering, panting, reminds him of a savage beast. His clothes had been torn away, He tried to help and tell Bucky it would be okay. Everything was okay. But it wasn’t. And what happened next would haunt them both.
In between bouts of the blinding white light and the tugging on his soul that turns to thorns netted under his sternum, Steve listens to the story of a life that seems foreign but familiar.
Fury commented, “It’ll take a few days, maybe less for you, for the swelling to go down and the marking to gain color. But it’s true.”
“Rent?” Strange screws up his face. “Who rented anything? We don’t have shoes. You don’t have shoes?”
“Tony.” Steve swallows and then closes his eyes as Tony searches his face with his hands, fingers like a dancer fulfilling the steps of some choreography.
Steve walked into the sitting room of the suite and rubbed his hands on his pants before turning to Tony to say, “Thanks for what you did on the plane. That was nice.”
Tony blinked several times and stared at Steve. Only Steve and the words existed now. The words ricocheted in Tony’s head, bouncing around like bullets fired in rapid succession. As they hit his brain matter, it scattered around, splattering in his skull. Putting together two sane thoughts became impossible. His desire to lash out grew as the bullets of information shredded his brain. He couldn’t rationalize. There was nothing there to work with anymore.
“What?” The weight of reality pressed down on him and he suppressed the need to cry out and beg for release. He yearned to go back to the forest of fire and light.
In his long duster, Steve straightens his collared shirt and trails after Jarvis as they cross from the barn to the street behind the main thoroughfare of Avenge. He wouldn’t call it a secondary street, but it’s connected to Main Street through a battery of alleyways not big enough for a carriage, but enough to lead a single horse through it. He knows several of the houses and cabins in the Backway, as they call it, are empty due to Schmidt’s constant harassment of the town’s citizens. Some people like Richards up and left after the last big incident.
“That’s not very nice to say about the man you love,” Steve says and ushers her through the bay to the main docking lounge.
“Yeah.” Steve gets quiet for a moment as he dips the bread into his stew. “I’m sorry about what happened to your mother, Tony. It has to be painful.”
Steve peers over his shoulder. The rain and hail beat and punish the landscape – the place that Tony created for them to enter into Ultron’s domain. In front of them is something different, something odd and disturbing in its tranquility.  “What is this place?”
“Our worst nightmares? You think that’s what Ultron is going to focus on?” Steve asks. He truly hopes that Ultron can’t read his mind. The leakage between Tony and Steve though worries him. If the virtual reality allows their thoughts behind their borders what does it mean for Ultron sneaking in and listening. He needs to broach the subject. He clears throat and asks, “So, I – I wanted to ask if you can hear me.”
“Come for the show?” Ross said and there was a greed in his voice, a tone that spoke of possession and gluttony.
“Well, I’ll forgive you this time.” Tony should spill the beans on all that is happening and all that’s going on, because Steve needs to know that the seizures will never go away. That he’s locked into this cycle, this prison of entanglement. He won’t be on active duty with the Avengers ever again. They have no way to medicate him to try and control the convulsions and ensuing coma like state.
“You like that, huh?” Steve says and his words ring with a smile. Tony only nods and opens his legs. He’s wanton and hungry for it. Steve sits up and waits. “Now where did we put that lube.” He’s stalling, teasing and Tony groans and whaps at the air.
"You need to stay close," Tony orders. "I can't lose you in this getup. I can hardly see or maneuver."
“Yeah.” He tenderly places his hands on Steve’s shoulders. “He let me do this. Every day for like ten days. It helped – a lot. It grounded me.” He slides his hands up toward Steve’s jaw. “I’m going to touch your face, is that okay?”
“Okay, then I made a promise to you – about secrets.” Tony clasps his hands together, firmly, holding on to sanity. “Well, I have a secret that I think you should know.”
She chuckles. “No. I’m not asking that. A lot of the clients have certain needs. What are your specific talents? What type of client would you like to serve?”
Steve braced them, holding them both up. “I know. But this is the start of a new life now. I don’t just see this as us against the world like it used to be. I see this as us joining the world for the first time in forever. We can walk outside hand in hand. We can declare who we are.” Steve kissed the crown of Tony’s head. “You get that right?”
“There are trees in the Penthouse?” Pepper asks and he can no longer hear her clack of heels. That means she’s confused or angry. He hisses. “What does that mean? Are the trees talking to you? Should I call Reed Richards? Or do you need a doctor?”
“Yeah,” Steve said and flush of heat hit his face. “I heard they are always on again off again.” That dodge was just pitiful.
College represented a new beginning to him. So, he stacked away all his childhood toys, his books, his posters, but then he grabbed Blu. His little stuffed lion. It was so old by then. Torn and worn out. Once, his father in a drunken rage ripped the head of the lion and screamed in Tony’s face.
At the table sits Natalie and Clyn, Furin and Marya, Thor with the warrior Sif and then Tony along with Steven. Over the course of the next hours they discuss the upcoming Council of Worlds and Tony makes his case to be in the High Alpha Chair. There is little dissent.
“Tony, don’t say that,” Steve protested. “You’re one of the strongest people I know.” He wanted to add – stronger than me, but he stopped.
For ages he’s known one truth. It happened long before Tony snapped his fingers but also at that moment as well. When Tony expired, Steve transformed into a dying soul living in a dying husk. Escaping to the past and living on the Garden had been his only reprieve. Separating himself from the world he defended because the one he loved no longer survived had been his punishment.
The doctor glances at the boxes as if they offend him. “Well, that’s neither here nor there. You’re to come with me tonight to the Maria Stark Foundation Gala.”
This time Steve smiles in front of Tony. He can’t help it. Tony purposeful use of references Steve gets touches him. He forces himself to concentrate. “So, no flying with a passenger.”
With a halfcocked smile, Natasha said, “Both. Plus I’m worried. Bruce is not the kind of person that you need SHIELD playing around with. So keep that in mind.”
Next to the bed on the small table that usually held the faded photograph of the Howling commandos, Steve’s discarded sketch book lay. He'd spent a good hour of their night together sketching as Tony slept on his lap. Tony thought of it as a win when he woke and saw Steve openly sketching and humming as Tony rested.
“If anyone would have been cursed, Steve, it would have been the Red Skull.” Tony sidles over to join him with the cushions surrounding them.
Steve met Bucky’s gaze. “How is it possible you’re in our pack and not just soul mates. How does that work? I never heard of that before.” Not in all the studies he spent hours doing. They’d bonded before the soul pack. They should not have been able to link with him if they were already a bonded pair.
“I’m sorry, Tony. I’ve known for a long time. I wanted to try and clear Bucky’s name before I brought it to you. But it’s obvious I can’t. Under the influence and control of Hydra Bucky as the Winter Soldier did this. I’m so sorry.” Steve squeezes Tony’s hand. “I should have come to you sooner. Natasha wanted me to, but I thought Sam and I could find him and help him first.”
Once they were alone, Steve turned to Tony. His red and gold irises were startling and beautiful. He looked vibrant, almost unearthly in his radiance. Tony clasped Steve’s hand. Words clogged Steve’s throat, and he found tears burning his eyes again. “I don’t want to do this.” It was all he could say, and Tony dropped his hand, his features crestfallen and hollow.
“Sure.” Tony thinks he wants to stab Logan. In the eyeball. He fights the urge. “I don’t want to fight with you.”
Tony. Something he always wanted and never got. Would never get. Steve cracks open the bathroom door and peers out to watch Tony wander around the room. He picks up a stray cup, puts it down, shoves his hands in his pockets, rocks back and forth on his feet. It looks like his Tony.
“Can fix yourself if there’s nothing broken,” Tony mutters and turns off the water. He tugs off his shirt and drops it on the floor. He drags himself back to the bed and falls onto it. He’ll deal with it all tomorrow.
“I was assigned to you. You’re important in the grand scheme of things. I understand Realms are intersecting now, Asgard will cause all kinds of trouble-.”
Bending, Steve meets his lips with a hungry mouth. He knows his lips taste like the whiskey. He offers it to Tony as a kind of elixir in these troubled times. Tony rakes his hands up and down Steve’s back, and then paws at the tied robe until the knot falls away and his robe opens. Tony’s rough hands glide upward to Steve’s neck and then slide back down as he stands. The prince lifts him onto the piano, pushing him down slightly, hand at his throat feeling the speeding up of Steve’s pulse. Tony gazes at him, his pupils blown wide.
“If it makes you feel any better no one really knows how time works here. You might have been here 20 years or 2 days. Time is – what Frigga calls – disordered. I think that’s not the best word, more like not here. There is no real time.”
He leans over and groans as he strains his shoulder. He needs to ignore the pain, because he’ll need to lead both horses across the water. Grabbing his rope, he throws the end to Tony.
Tony nods and then leaves, not waiting to find out if Steve follows his directions. Instead, he goes to his own room, takes a quick shower, and changes into sweats and a hoodie. Once back downstairs, he notices that Steve has joined him and he’s not sure if that’s good thing or a bad thing. He sets about in the kitchen, finding the cups for hot chocolate and filing the water reservoir for the Keurig. He’s about to place one in the chamber when a hand stops him.
Each of the other members of the Avengers studied the mark on Steve’s skin. It wove around his wrist, hot to the touch still, red and purple along the  bones and flesh of his arm.  Tony and Bruce seemed the most interested while Natasha only gave it a passing glance and dismissed it. That was a curious reaction that caused Steve to focus on her rather than the two people leaning over the table, arguing what the brand on his arm might mean.
Everything dissembled once Bucky re-appeared. The pieces were placed as if on a chess board and slowly but surely his world crumbled because he ignored the movements of the pawns in preference for the pieces with power. Now, Steve sits on a monorail car watching the foreign world around him pass with ever increasing anxiety. For all of his days, he never had to go to the mating blocks. He doesn’t even know what to expect. This one that T’Challa advised him to go to is a respectable one. It’s exclusive and only alphas and omegas with membership can go to it. Again, he’s thankful that T’Challa paid the exorbitant price for him. Even that makes him feel too much like he used to back in the 30s. He didn’t have money then. Now he has nothing as well.
“Jesus,” Steve says and wants desperately to slide down to the floor. “We still need to get to the Hub then?”
He taps his way over to the couch and settles down. It’s late at night and energy buzzes through him. It’s been this way since the accident. Circadian rhythms are for the visual population. He lives in a twilight world, a place where night and day meld together. It reminds him of those winter days when he was a kid and they lived in the mansion on 5th avenue. Days when clouds obscured the sun and the trees and street were covered in snow. Everything blended together in tones of silver, white, gray, and black. His life is like that now. It doesn’t matter how much the glasses help him; he doesn’t know what red is. He doesn’t know what blue is. Not anymore. It’s a fantasy he’s been chasing for nearly 10 years. He’s Alice in Wonderland, seeking a white rabbit with a pocket watch ticking down his time until everything falls apart, until he topples down the rabbit hole.
Steve shuffles toward Tony. He’s standing close. Tony can hear him breathe. “Navigate? Like a bodyguard?”
“I think we could regrow it,” Strange says and taps through a series of diagrams. “First we need to get the capillaries to regrow in the area. We are using specific drugs to do that. We’d have to be very careful so that there’s no brain bleed.”
"Yes why not? We can get out of the heat, go to the mountains. Do you like mountains?"  He admits now that he'd been overly enthusiastic when Steve didn't knock him down immediately.
Tony eyes Steven, trying to figure out what going on with the omega and then he realizes it – he’s nervous. Yes, they’ve sat down and talked before – many times but it was in a situation where Tony was very clearly alpha and Steven was in the subservient role of omega.
"We need to get him. This is actionable intelligence." Bucky slammed his metal hand on to the conference table. They’d found this ancient hideaway amongst the gnarled trees and swamps of Athansosia. This place so far beyond the center of life in the galaxy had been forgotten. It served the archive well.
Tony brought his arms around Steve and held him close. The heat from his chest replaced the beat of a heart and filled Steve with such pain mixed with hope that he couldn’t parse his emotions, so the tears streaked down his cheeks. He knew what had happened to Tony. He’d witnessed it enough to understand the horror and the pain in the eyes of the vampires on the rooftop. He fumbled for Tony’s hand only to pull it away and stare at the scar that now shined with light. Steve had no words for its beauty other than otherworldly, supernatural energy. A celestial light embedded within Tony, so deep and enthralling that it must come from the stars, from the very depths of the cosmos.
Steve takes in a breath but he can’t stop himself from trembling, from the pain of a thousand nights overcoming him and hitting him. “He didn’t mean it. He was beside himself in agony afterward when he came back to himself. He was always trying to make it up to me after. He picked up my shield and saved me on that train because he thought so little of himself. He said to me once that he would gladly die for me. That it was the least he could do for me.” He’s crying openly now and he’s not ashamed, not of that. But of the fact that he could never fully and completely forgive Bucky. He never said it, not once.
Steve couldn’t catch his breath enough to talk, but he nodded as he worked to even out his breathing. He placed hands on his own knees as he inhaled, held it, and then slowly exhaled. Tears burnt his eyes. Tony rubbed his shoulders. Finally, Steve managed to take in enough air to ask, “You?”
Steve grabs hold of Tony’s gesticulating arms and stills him. “There’s no need. If you reveal you know this, I’m sure he’ll tell everyone you brought a whore to the luncheon -.”
"Steve.” He rushes in to say his name. The thought of the boy giving him a nickname, supplying him with some moniker that would only come from those lips – sends a secret delight, a shiver, down Steve’s spine.
Tony runs a hand through his hair, tugging it lightly. It messes up his dark curls and drips water all down his shoulders. “Obie’s going to want to spend a good portion of the rest of the day working on our next steps. He’s worried about Asgard and about Pierce. We also have to shore up the Syns support.” He sighs.
It doesn’t take long before Yinsen’s breathing evens out and he falls asleep. Tony hasn’t come to accept his surroundings so thoroughly like his companion has. Yinsen has made a little home here in a distraught kind of way. Tony doesn’t blame him; the man has been here for an age. He shivers. God, he doesn’t want to be here forever. He doesn’t want to be forgotten and lost.
Through the small windows along the wall of the factory floor, he can see the sky over the water. The day has left them and the night falls in purple bruised hues outside. He worries how much longer they have considering the hit to Rumlow wasn’t all that hard, though he won’t be using his dick for much for a while.
He hopes it is enough, but he knows it isn’t. The nightmare isn’t over for Steve, but Bucky is determined to end it. As they round the corner and Bucky sights the opening to the outside; he trudges through the last of the muck. It falls like a brown waterfall into the riverbed below. Bucky hits his earbud as he sets Steve down. “We need an evac. I repeat, we need an evac. We can’t make it on our own. We won’t be able to get to the rendezvous point and I lost my weapon.”
Steve shook his head, and gripped Tony’s hands, hard enough that it nearly hurt. “I don’t want to be slow. I just don’t know. I don’t know what to do. I feel like a fool.” Steve shuttled closer. “I’m sorry. You must think I’m an idiot.”
Without further word they head back to the jail, Steve only looks behind him once to see the pinched worried face of Pepper. He slows and takes her arm, helping her along.
“Across the landing pad to the other side of the roof,” Natasha ordered and then more gently. “I won’t let anything happen to him.” When he still didn’t move, Natasha laid her hand on his near Steve’s shoulder. “You have to do this, Tony. It’s the only way.”
Yinsen smiles and picks up something from his cutting board. He tosses it in the air and the lion jumps up and plucks it out of the air. He chews it, licks his lips, and then settles back down, not hoping for more.
“Oh, dear Sheriff, I think we have some work we left unfinished,” Tony says and sinks down on his knees in front of Steve.
When he opened his eyes, Tony saw that the agents had removed his body from the cross. Instead of stabbing him with a wooden stake, they’d only removed the iron nails. His body fell forward, a dead thing that somehow still moved. It started to crawl toward Tony and he felt a lurch in his stomach at the horror of it. The agents ignored Tony’s body’s faulty motions and grabbed it.
“My Brother. He’s my Brother and he killed them.” The tears wouldn’t stop. They ran rivers down his face and burned his cheeks. “You knew it then. You knew. When you-.” All he could think, all he could picture was Steve on his knees sucking him – and he knew. He knew that Tony’s parents were dead because of his friend. Tony didn’t care that it was just a fucking dream. It meant that Tony had fantasized about a man who kept a vital piece of information from him, one so upsetting that it appalled Tony. The repugnance grew and Tony sneered at him, “You sick bastard. How could you not even consider my feelings, what this would mean? Why didn’t you tell me right away? I’m your Beloved and it’s been weeks.”
“She should come in here and face the music.” He drops his hands. His eyes tear. “I want her to unblock my memories. I have a right to know what the hell happened.”
“Anything you wish, Tony. Anything,” Steven whispered and the poignant expression nearly tore into Tony’s tarnished soul. The use of his name, instead of my lord, pierces Tony through and he shivered in response.
He picked up a handful of the papers, the dossier on Barnes. Everyone knew. Natasha, Sam, Steve. Everyone knew that Tony’s parents had been murdered. And somehow Steve expected Tony to accept the murderer into the pack. To call him Brother. To share the feelings of warmth, security, and family that radiated off of Steve when he thought of Barnes. It sickened Tony.
"I would think it would be your God as well," Steve says. "I know that there's something wrong with me."
Steve shakes his head. “Can’t have the energy drink. Not good for my heart.” He shrugs when at Tony’s unspoken question. “I have a lot of health problems. A lot.” He opens the robe and lifts his arm to reveal where the medical patches. “Patches. Change mostly every day.”
He pauses the playback and frowns. Bucky would flip a lid if he knew what Steve signed up to be a whore. How many times did Bucky find him trying to sneak into recruitment centers and hack the computer systems to be accepted into the fleet? Too many to count. Bucky even told him to stay home, take care of the settlement, maybe flirt a little with Peggy.
“Time’s a wasting,” Tony says and taps his wrist where his non-existent watch is. “Come on, partner, I’m going to save my babe.”
“Did you mean it?” Tony says. Clouds pass over the sun and it gets cooler, cooler than an August day.
Before Clint moved, the door to the prison cell creaked open again and a long shadow from the light in the door way fell over his fellow agent. Steve watched as Clint flinched.
He nods and finds his eyes grow heavy. He knows he shouldn’t sleep in the middle of a demon stronghold, but he cannot but wonder how he feels so safe here as he drifts off to a dreamless slumber.
Sam shrugged. “Gotta get over that. You think I’m not a little freaked out about it? I am.” Sam drank some coffee, rested his gaze on Steve, and then added, “But if we’re going to do this – find Barnes, deal with it. Deal with what he did. Well, the pack might help. I think it will help. You gotta look at the big picture.”
After a night’s rest, Tony buried himself in work, mainly because work helped him to think, to analyze, and to assess. Even if he wasn’t actually figuring out problems directly, work promised answers to him. Half way through his long stretch of time in the laboratory, Bruce walked in and with a cup of tea. He studied Tony for several seconds before sipping his tea and asking, “So, Steve?”
Someone is asking, “How did you even get here?” It might be Bruce, but Tony’s numb and shaking. His fingers on his left hand tingle with it, his right hand is dead. Like his heart, it’s dead inside. Everything is washing away.
“I wouldn’t? Because I’m a beta? I might not get everything about your biology but what the hell Tony.” Pep keeps up with him, grabs his arm to stop him. “If he didn’t do any of those things, I hope you realize you’ve lost any hope in getting his confidence and his trust. You picked him, Tony. Out of a slew of other omegas which would have worked out just as well. Better even. But you picked him, and you’re having him caned? For what?”
Tony’s solid stone hand grasped his and he said, “Because I know a little about what loneliness is.”
Reaching across the expansion between their chairs again, Tony grasps his hand and tangles his fingers with Steve’s. “Let me come with you.”
“What? That we follow the dictates of our nature?” Tony says. “Yes, I believe we should do just that, but I also believe that some of what goes on has gone too far.” Dropping his arms, Steven allows Tony to continue to clean him and massage his muscles.  “You know the way you act, the way you are defiant – oh don’t try and play coy with me – I would swear you were a man out of time. As if you saw a day when all the castes were equal.”
“Then down you go,” Steve says and gives him a playful shove. Tony drops to the bed almost like the words and motions of Steve mesmerize him. “Lie back. I’m going to prop you up with some pillows. If you don’t do this often, I want it to be pleasurable.”
The medical staff went back to work, monitoring and checking Sam’s vitals. He looked spent to Steve and soon as the nurses and doctors busied themselves, Sam drifted off to sleep. Steve and Tony stayed to the side out of the way until it was confirmed that Sam was out of the woods and in perfect health but in need of rest.
He shrugs his shoulders. “It’s easy enough to fix. Just give me a few days and find Steve, because I’m going to need him. I’ll revert back to the previous version for the programming. It should work well enough for the gala, then after that we can get right down to it.”
Steve shivers through it, fighting to keep himself open to Tony, allow Tony purchase and entrance. They have no other way to fight Ultron, but to find this route, this way toward the heart of the center of the AI. Yet, it terrifies him. He has never been so exposed and open, so raw and honest with anyone – even himself. Tony can read every thought, know all his hopes and dreams, his fears and doubts. He knows Steve’s own self-hatred that he wraps up in piles of stoic harmony, keeping it hidden away to ensure no one knows who the real Steve Rogers is.
“You have any experience?” Natasha asks as she goes back to sit down at her desk. Behind her is window to the nebula. It’s all oranges and purples and blues.
Tony chuckles and shakes his head. “No, it’s not a super secret thing blind people can do. I know Jarvis and I do my homework. I’ll make sure she’s referred to all of the right specialists.”
Steve met Tony’s gaze and his gratitude shone not only through his eyes but through the bond as well. While they were not woven together, they were all still linked. “How did you know? How did you know how to do that?”
He decides more business casual without a tie is the way to go. It is the middle of summer. He picks an off white suit with a salmon colored shirt. Slipping his sunglasses into his breast pocket, Tony slips on his shoes and heads to the living room. Steve’s already there, in dark blue slacks and a slightly too tight collared blue shirt. The shirt is lighter in hue than the pants. He looks divine and nothing like Blu – but the fact JARVIS dressed him in blue doesn’t escape Tony’s notice.
Swallowing down the nausea churning in his stomach, Steve hits the arrow to start the video. From the scene it looks like someone from the paparazzi tracked him down in front of his walk up. Thor is nowhere to be found. But Steve – he looks angry and ready to spit fire.
"Now what are you doing to old Betsy?"  She says and puts the glass on the table next to the one chair in the living room.
The cliché of the punching bag didn’t escape him. He tried running and swimming and even some of those things like triathlon stuff, but nothing satisfied as much as a good old punching bag. SHIELD purchased re-enforced bags that hurt his hands and tore them up. Most of the time when he spent hours in the Triskelion gym beating the shit out of bag after bag he had to wait a few hours before he could use his hands again. Bruce always rung him up afterward to give him a good dressing down.
“You got to do this – this thing that Stark thought up to cure you,” Logan says. When Steve looks at Logan, the man can’t meet his gaze. “If you don’t the seizures are going to turn your brain to mush.”
When they broke apart, Steve didn’t bother to wipe away the tears that streaked his face because he saw the same tracks on Bucky’s cheeks. Steve could speak a thousand years and still not express his feelings or catch up with everything that they were to one another. Bucky smiled – weakly at him and then showed him his wrist.
Not waiting for the coffee, because he doesn’t have time, Steve jumps right into the heart of the matter. “So everything’s done then? Ultron’s eliminated?”
Next week's chapter may be a little late. My beta reader is going out of town for the holiday and I have a few things on my plate that might complicate matters.
The words disintegrate around him like embers from a fire – embers that spark and flicker until transforming into a conflagration, a full out war of pain and suffering. Yet, instead the embers – red and hot – blacken and die out. Tony shudders. “Is that what you have to tell me?”
He says nothing only directs her to the jailhouse and they all end up climbing the stairs to find Tony on all fours, struggling to inhale, pale, and drooling on the floor. Bruce scrambles to his side first as Pepper helps by righting him.
He doesn’t answer, but Steve can still feel the steady beat of Tony’s heart under the palm of his hand so he stays quiet. He listens to Tony’s regular breathing, taking some solace in the rhythm. As he lies next to Tony, the fire burns brightly, the shadows of the storm darken the cabin and Steve knows he’s made a mistake.
“Yeah, Fury does, when he can. But they’re always watching Nick. He’s still on the inside, you know.” Steve hisses. “I need to stop talking, don’t I?”
“I just thought it might make this whole experience a little better for you. I’m team leader and I have to think about how each of the members of the team deal with things,” Steve says and he’s exiting the room. “I have breakfast. There’s more bacon.”
On the screen, Ross stepped up to a podium. “Today we’ve come to a nexus in our time. When we can rid both humans and vampires alike of this contention of mating and drinking human blood.” He pointed to the young man who looked a decided color of gray. “We understand the physiology of vampires well enough now that we know the fangs and their toxins can do great harm. But no more! This young vampire allowed us to remove the fangs and the glands that go with it. He is no longer able to drink from a human or mate to a human. He doesn’t have the ability to shoot poison into a human’s body to cause a human to want to mate. He doesn’t have the ability to turn a human. He is simply undead. Does he feed? Yes, but on simple cup of animal blood. He has no taste for human blood anymore.”  Ross gestured to someone off screen.
“Yep, now let’s go out to the Concourse and get one of those snacks that that little kid was getting,” Tony says and he’s hyper, almost dancing around the room.
He can’t recall anything, any sequence of events that she refers to. He must look puzzled because then she adds, “You’ve been pretty out of it, Steve.”
“You want him to forgive Bucky, but maybe it’s time that you forgave Tony,” Nat says. Her expression turns more oblique, harder to read. “Think about it.”
“I think you’re being a smart aleck. How the hell is a lion sassy?” Tony smiles. He drifts off to sleep with the thought that he’s going to make it out of cave and he’s going to take his friends with him.
“Don’t like bugs in my teeth. So, no.” Tony slips on the helmet with the full mask. He reaches in with his index finger and switches on the microphone. “You should have a mic in yours so we can talk.”
“So, I hear there is trouble in paradise?” Strange said and his cloak whispered around him as if it had a life of its own.
Steve kneels next to him, pushing away a chair with sheer force of will to ensure that Tony doesn’t hit his head against the leg. He rolls Tony to his side and turns to Vision. “How long? When did it start?”
“Well bygones and all that,” Tony said with a wave. “Now, is there anything else?” He hoped to God that Rogers had something else to talk about – waiting for nearly two years to apologize for something that wasn’t his fault seemed awfully crappy. A theme in Tony’s life.
Steve shakes his head. He can’t. The deed has been done; the offense committed. He’d rather slice out his gland again, he’d rather die then go through heat again. He can’t be with Tony, but he can’t be with anyone else.
With that done Steve focuses on getting his plug and dildos clean and sterilized. There’s nothing in the room at all to use. “Hmm. JARVIS?” He’d heard the prince talking to the AI last night.
Or so Steve thought – he had his theories about Zola and his possible collaborators. Steve often thought that Schmidt’s hatred of Steve and Bucky might have something to do with the war, though he could never pinpoint it.
He clamors to his feet and takes off his shoes and socks, wading into the water after he folds up his pantlegs. The water is cool against his hot skin. “Come on big fella, let me check your wound.” Blu stops splashing in the water and turns to Tony, revealing the ugly cut. Tony swears it’s smaller than before and not as angry. He frowns. Maybe he judged it wrong earlier. “It doesn’t look too bad. Just gotta keep it clean.”
In all his years, Tony’s never been one to be called supportive or empathetic. His early life bred that out of him. But now, he aches with it and wants to know why he’s not allowed, with all his power and influence, to help. What good is money if he can’t help?
“What?” He’s not following her, but he feels as if they’ve moved onward to a place he has some understanding of, that her issue is no less problematic than hers. He suspects it is more than Bucky’s arm. “It’s not that he’s a cripple?”
Luckily, he had parked the bike close to the stairwell. He picked up his helmet, slammed it on, and hopped on the bike. As he heard the massive garage door cranking to close, he revved the bike and shot toward it, wheels squealing. Ducking, he flew through the closing maw of the doors, only to be greeted by the barricades of the bridge shutting down. A fighter jet hovered down near the bridge’s surface and the voice commanded him to stand down.
As the rain spattered the muddy ground, the pain ached through the bond between Tony and Barnes. He didn’t know whether or not the pain originated from his own heart or from the man standing in front of him. The assault rifle in his metal hand never wavered as he protected the twins but at the same time threatened Tony. The torment in Barnes’ eyes flashed through the bond and Tony steeled himself to strike.
When considering doing this, Steve looked up some information online. Not the best resource, but it was what he needed. He spent hours reading over the horror stories, but he knows it won’t be like that for him. Cutting out the gland can lead to death, but that seems remote to him. He’s been through this before, after all. The mad scientists that cut out his gland when he had been captured after Tony had been shot had surgically removed it time and again. They left a small root of the gland every time so that the serum would grow the gland back. This time he intends to take the whole thing and not allow it to grow back. He recalls Cho doing the ultrasound on his gland, explaining the anatomy, plus he read some of the anatomy on line. The root of the gland at the apex along with the fibers running to the pituitary gland and the brain are bundled together. He should be able to remove the entire gland. He doesn’t want it recovered. He doesn’t want to even have to think about going to the Retreat again or even the Mating Blocks somewhere else in the world.  The thought of being in heat, somewhere in the world and needing to go to some of the blocks he’s heard about, terrifies him more than it should. This is the best solution.
“You, a blacksmith. One of the richest men in the country wants to hang out in our little nowhere town and be our blacksmith?” Steve bites back anymore of the sarcasm. It’s dripping down the walls as it is.
“Son of a bitch, I cannot believe you,” Tony says and slaps his thigh. “I almost believed I could win. But you, you knew that like it’s your nightly prayer.”
The day warmed and Tony had snuggled close to him. Steve learned that the ship or JARVIS was programmed to mimic the days of Carbonelli – so Tony’s wake and sleep schedule fell within that pattern. It happened to be a little more difficult for Steve since he’d gotten used to the Prime Station’s day and night course. Steve adapts easily though; Bucky once told him he’d be perfect on the battlefield because he can sleep anywhere and anytime. It’s something he learned to do in the tenement where quietude and slumber were a rare commodity.
Tony kept talking as he caressed Steve’s perfect skin. “There’s going to be a time when I – or you – may need to fall into our roles, our natural biological roles. If I discipline you, or you submit to me during a briefing and the team doesn’t know – what will they think?” Tony noticed the smallest twitch of a muscle. He stopped and stared at Steve. Steve bit his lip and froze. He’d been instructed not to move, not a muscle. He could breathe and blink, but nothing more as he lay on the bed naked. Tony didn’t tie him or bind him in any way. He simply had him lie down and remain motionless. It was harder that way without bondage to take the Submissive’s mind off the task at hand. He couldn’t fall into subspace. He needed to stay attentive because at any moment, Tony might touch him intimately and then what might happen then? How would Steve follow orders then?
“Yeah, yeah, they only got me with their damned poisoned knife. Tell Thor, I’m gonna kill his brother,” Bucky says and he’s losing his battle to stay awake.
Tony crosses the gap between them in two wide strides and rips the phone out of Steve’s hand. He stares at the text from Natasha. It’s simple, straightforward, and devious.
The silence weighed. Filling empty spaces happened to be something that Tony regularly did. He hated vacuums, they reminded him too much of space. “So.” He sighed and looked everywhere but at Bucky. As he stared at the porcelain sink attached to the wall with the exposed pipes, he said, “Sorry I blew your arm off. I wasn’t intending to.”
Tony shrugs. “Maybe I thought it could make up for all the sweetness you’re missing out on.” He fiddles with the tie; the color is off but he’s not telling Pepper. She’ll only argue with him. He taps the side of the glass frame. It tells him the time. “Almost witching hour.”
“Come on, Steve, we’ve been in this nowhere town for ages. You said when you took the Sheriff position that you’d bring me on as your deputy then you took on Clint instead. What am I here for?” Bucky stares him down and Steve can never defend against his friend’s assassin like gazes.
Steve tucks into his fries. “I was thinking about drawing for a bit. It’s so beautiful here. If you don’t mind?”
“Maybe,” Steve laughs as he speaks. “But maybe I just wanted to find something that I never ended up finding.”
Jarvis announces Pepper’s arrival and leads her into the kitchen where Tony’s already seated at the island counter. He wants it to be informal. Pepper’s clicking heels and the light scent of her perfume are a presence like no other to him. She always reminds him of Spring, inviting like a promise. It’s a shame she’s always been allergic to strawberries because in so many ways she’s like that fruit. A Springtime delight, delicious and sweet right off the vine.
“No, I did not,” Steve said and turned. His lips were crystal blue. His skin took on the effect of ice as if to touch him might shatter him into a million pieces. “I’m still officially frozen.”
“I don’t really want to be nice to the predator that’s going to eat me when this is all over.” The lion was in desperate shape. Thin, ragged, his fur matted. If it got the chance it would definitely devour both of them.
“This is going to throw you off,” Natasha said, not mincing words. “We need your head in the game. If you can’t do this-.”
Steve shakes his head. “I couldn’t ever hope to be that good. I was mainly hoping to be a Residential Artist at one of the secondary Elite Family residences.” Those dreams are dead now and maybe Steve shouldn’t voice his disappointment, but something about the prince brings the truth to the surface. “That dream’s dead now.” He shifts his shoulders. “I’m okay with where I’m at. I can do this.”
“Not like picking a ship, you know,” Tony says and hits the access panel to release the locking mechanisms of the ship’s back ramp. The airlock hisses after the confirmation of breathable air and acceptable gravity.
Tony leans over the bed and kisses Steve on the temple. He does it slowly, tenderly, and softly. “I’m right.”
"I'm not doing with- I won't if you can't even stand on your own two feet," Tony says and makes a stand. He'd rather die than make yet another mistake, put another person in danger. He sees all the mistakes and horror that he's precipitated in his life. He understands now, he gets it and some Army grunt is not going down because of Tony. Not now, not again, not ever.
“I understand where you’re coming from, Obie, I do. Uniting the factions is crucial to this war, but forcing it – well, we all know how that went with globalization back on Mother Earth.” Tony rotates the chair so he can’t see Steve anymore. He looks directly at his right hand man, “There has to be another way. How about a vote? I’d feel more comfortable with a vote.”
The collar whistles in reply and the electric shock runs through Steven. He stiffens and collapses as his muscles go rigid and his eyes open wide, but Tony knows, knows he’s blinded by the electric shock racing through his nerves, through his body. The collar constricts and only a gag and a gasp of air is allowed into Steven tormented body. Blood weeps from his ears, from his nose before the collar finally disengages.
“Hey Steve,” Darcy says, and she raises a brow at him. She’s been in the teasing group of his friends. “How’s it going?” Her voice sing songs the words.
“They need to operate.” He doesn’t elaborate. How is he going to explain this to anyone? And is it his story to tell? It isn’t. He knows that much. It’s Steve’s story. One he desperately needs to hear.
Tony dumps all of the supplies at the foot of the bed, while Steve backs onto the bed, carefully and tentatively. Glancing at the door, Tony asks, “What’s going on here, really going on? Who is Clint and the redhead? What-.”
The man steps in front of him to block his view and only then does it occur to him that the man has spoken. He uses the remote - something like the color television that's all too unknown to him - and turns down the volume. He doesn't turn it off. He wants to see the pictures.
“When we were there, we ended up finding a secret database. Arnin Zola’s brain had been downloaded into these thousands of old time database machines.”
“But remember, Ultron likes to play with his food. He might be straightforward most of the time, but why the hell did he keep Nat locked up in Sokovia, because he wanted to play with his food.” He nods to himself as if he’s having an internal argument.
“I can’t play, any-.” The words cramp in his throat as it closes on him. He shakes his head. The word fizzles a little.
They curled into one another, sheltering each other from the outside. Their energy sheltered them, bright and brilliant. While the world begged them to attend their newest responsibilities, tonight Tony gave nothing over to it. The only person he cared about was in his arms. Tomorrow they would concern themselves with the crumbling of the world, tonight they would find love in each other’s arms. Tonight, they became a Divini mated pair.
Tony peered over his shoulder at her. “What does it mean for all of the coven safe houses. It means we’re exposed. Very exposed. It means-.”
“I’m Doctor Strange. I was once one of the top neurosurgeons in the world until I had an accident,” the doctor said. He didn’t explain more. He let that drop and turned to the current topic. “I recently fought a cosmic evil and thus probably am responsible for unleashing the wave of magic besotting the world.”
“I need you to let me feel normal,” Bucky said. “I got a long way to go. I got things in my head that I can’t even formulate words for. I know I’m not even close to who you think I am.” He shook his head when Steve went to protest. “I’m not. I can buy fucking plums all day long and I’m not who you think I am.”
Some part of Tony wants to question – how did this happen to Steven? How did he give up? When did it happen? He has no basis for these questions, but they are bright and burning in his mind.
He looks up to see Tony decked out fully in the Iron Man armor, standing over him. “It’s good you could join me, Cap.”
After long minutes, Tony breaks down and leads Steve back into the bedroom. “Stay here, I’ll go get something for you to eat.”
Clint narrowed his focus to the outside as the rain poured across the landscape. Blurs of street lamps and car headlights flickered over them. “Some say it was a power thing. Others say it had to do with the immortality thing. People were really pissed about that. I mean, everyone suspected it, but it wasn’t confirmed until in the late 50s.”
Tony agrees and dries off. They finish and abandon the wrecked bathroom for the main living room of the prince’s quarters. Steve’s partially guilty for the bathroom and momentarily thinks he should at least sop up the water, but Tony turns him back to the living room.
The kitchen in the mansion on 5th Avenue fades away – a past he can no longer cling to for solace. He swallows down the bile in his throat. That innocent little boy disappears with the years and leaves only a dry ash of death in his mouth. All the years in between the naïve but hopeful boy and death monger he became exploded with a deafening blast with his name plastered on the side of the bomb. The pain in his chest throbs and all Tony wants to do is roll over, but it hurts too much to move.
When the jet loomed over the Tower, Tony suddenly came to life. In a clear deadly voice, he said, “I don’t want them in my Tower. I don’t want
Before Steve is able to reply, Bruce heads down the stairs.  Steve waits, considering, and weighing what the doctor said. He needs to stop this foolishness. He’s known for a good long time, he cannot have love like others do.
“So, this isn’t your deal, huh?” Never one to surrender so easily, Tony darts the light around Blu who ruffles his mane and languidly sticks his paw out and touches the area with the dot. “There you go. Get it, kitty! Get it!”
“He needs me, Tony,” Steve said but he still hadn’t looked at him. He gripped the counter and shook his head. “I’ve done the ground work. I started to try and reach out to him, give him a way home.”
“Tony,” Pepper says and her eyes are big, round, and cautious. “He must have thought you were worth it.”
Tony clears his throat and crosses the meeting room to the highly polished metal table with its comfortable chairs around it. “I sit here.” He indicates the head of the table. “As Master of Security and my Omega warrior, you sit at my left. My First sits at the right. Our Captain and Master of the Fleet will sit to your left. All others will sit where they may.”
She stands, pauses before she leaves him, and then says, “This is your last chance for true happiness.”
Steve sniffles. “Made up. Nothing happens to me in the cold. No freezing and going into stasis. No PTSD or whatever. None of that. In fact, I kind of like it. I was looking forward to learning how to ski. Maybe sledding. I didn’t get to do that as a kid. Growing up in New York City and being sick kind of made that an impossibility.”
“Go ahead and call out to him.” The voice sounded young again, as if the Peggy he knew spoke to him, as if her ghost hovered over him.
Sam studied him for a moment but then nodded.  “You know we were all worried about you. You cut us off. You tried to go it alone. You promised us to use all the lines and then you didn’t. I’m new to this stuff but I know how a team works,” Sam said.
Jane’s sitting at a computer with Thor hanging over her shoulder. She looks up and smiles at him. “Steve! Great. You have the final proofs?”
“Hey, Cap, you with us?” Bruce asked. When Steve focused on them, he noted that Tony looked gray and pale.
“Oh sorry,” Steve says and hands them to Tony, placing them into his hand with some firmness. It’s better than the tender way he took them, but it needs work. It will all need work, but he has a meeting tomorrow and they need to get over the kinks today.
“You seem awfully sympathetic,” Tony said. It was true, everything that Bruce stated. No one really gave Steve a hand. According to what Tony heard, Steve had a severe abdominal wound after the Chitauri attack and never sought treatment. It would explain the relative disinterest in the group eat-out they had after the attack.
When he dreamt again, the worlds around him hung in low orbits as he walked along a field of stars. Once, a long time ago when they’d first met, Tony brought Steve to a planetarium and they sat through three shows discussing the possibilities of extra-solar system planets. As he arched his neck to see the skies above him now, it reminded him of those long ago days. The dark violet sky brimmed with orbs circling around him, colors of lavender mixed with verdant green and azure as well as crimson greeted him. The path he journeyed on flickered with the light of the stars. He laughed. It was another little thing he recalled from his nights with Tony – a Stairway to Heaven.
