I find when I don't think about it, it becomes easier to ride the horse. Greg's weight behind me is comforting. His arm around me makes me feel safe. I'm in a doze when he speaks to say we're here.
I lift up my hips to untie my pants but leave them loose on my hips instead of pulling them off. My hands go under his blouse to find his nipples and caress them with my thumbs. He's so responsive to everything. I adjust so our penises are aligned and focus on frottaging against him.
Oh, that would be a colossally bad idea... "I guess so, though I doubt I will be able to warm you much." John pulls his arm away and we both roll onto our other side.   Concentrating on the most boring, unsexy things I can think of, I put an arm around him and press my bare skin against his, hoping he doesn't take note of my traitorous body.
I'm shocked he responded so well to me telling him I love him. The fact that he loves me too was beyond even imagining. My eyes start to close and I know sleep is coming soon.
"Thanks so much, John!" I consider for a moment. "Maybe I can have one delivered to you, too. I'm told my baking is very good."
"My landlady usually does my shopping, in fact. I'm just doing it today because I know she has her book club today, and I don't want to listen to John complain about us being out of milk when he gets home." I say matter-of-factly. "So, do you think I should get full-fat milk? Or skimmed?"
"They are wood sorrel, and yes, I still have them." I fish the greens out of one of my many pockets and rinse them clean in the river. I hand one of the bunches to John. "They might be a bit sour, but that's normal when they're eaten raw. They actually quite nutritious." I explain, nibbling on one of the stems.
3rd April
I run my hand over my face and sit down on the other side of the couch with my feet on his lap. "Tell me everything." I wiggle my toes til he starts running them.
Mycroft
I shake my head. "You have to eat, Mycroft." I say quietly, taking a drink of water and getting to my feet. "Let's go, then." I hold Daisy's reins. "You ride up front this time, darlin'. It'll be more comfortable for you."
"Only one working?" I stick out my tongue and stroke over his head lightly.
Now I know why I always had Mrs. Hudson do my shopping. I hope John appreciates me doing this for him... he always insists on milk in his tea. I am wondering through the aisles, looking for all the world like I'm completely overwhelmed by the assortment of goods.
(3am) *text to ??* What? JW
"It is somewhat my fault since I said yes I work for a living. However, I thought we were discussing transcription services, not services in general." I am still a bit mortified at my faux pas. "Best mistake I ever made, sober or intoxicated."
I put both my hands on his thighs and proceed to do as directed. His shaft is covered in saliva which will aid me being able to take it all down. I look at him again, knowing my mouth is obscenely full of his cock, and he caresses my bottom lip a moment then nods for me to continue. I get lost in the repetition of sucking, bringing him in as far as I can, a bit more than last time, breathing as I release him, repeat. My mind is a beautiful blank. My world is nothing but Gregory. His smell, the taste, every noise he makes, all mine.
"You’re just smelling the wood in our fire." Happens to a lot of newbies that you tell them what to look out for and they swear they see it even though it's not there. "Maybe you should also look out for a carriage and tavern."
Seb jumps up and has his gun drawn on the figure laying outside the kitchen door before I've even stood. I look around him and see: -- Sherlock with his arse in the rubbish bin, -- Watson with his gun carefully trained on Seb, -- Martha still happily humming away as she puts the roast, the final piece of dinner, on the table, -- and me. "Maaaarrrrtha. Dearie. You have visitors." I shrug and kiss Sebby on the cheek for being such a good protector. "I'll reward you later."
I look behind me to Sherlock but he doesn't seem to care about the encounter at all. "Well...? You know this guy or not?" I ask but get no response other than a shrug. Turning back to the Guard I pull my knife out a bit. "The same Mycroft that left him for dead?? That Mycroft?? You need to leave. Now."
"She's in unfamiliar territory... it happens. You've never had a horse spook on you?" I ask, mildly amused.
"We are close. Friends I mean. Close friends." Memories of the dream come to the forefront of my mind as Irene fills a bowl with a delicious smelling stew. "The pain must have gotten the best of me or I'm more tired than I thought."
I look around for the easiest exit. As I do I see the man in the red ferret mask being chatted up by another in a silver fox one. I would like to get that bloke’s name later so I can send him a thank you basket. "Right this way." I now slightly before I turn around somehow managing to get outside without being seen or forced to talk to anyone.
I'm not expecting it when he smacks my upper thigh, and I jump back, shoving my arse back against him.
"Hey, you are more than just a pretty face. Ta. We can set them aside for a snack later."
Sherlock
"So you got jealous because he was fondling someone else's arse, and not yours?" I raise an eyebrow.
At the Masquerade Ball held in Lord Watson's honor, it was noticed that the recently sent home wounded Dr. Capt. Watson was able to set aside his cane and dance.
"Ever the protector, you are." I grin as I kiss him back, combing my fingers through his hair.
"Good morning, dear!" I beam at Jimmy when he walks into the kitchen and gives me a peck on the cheek. "I made some breakfast. Seems your man wasn't hungry, so you'll have to eat some of his, too. Can't have it going to waste..." I set a plate in front of him at the table.
Sherlock
Irene
Mycroft
I shrug my shoulders. "Nah, I don't want to go. It's a room full of mundane boring fishies looking for other fishies to make baby fishies with. Sebby named it The Fish Bowl. Just another reason I love him."
I raise my glass to the two of them, as well. "Good luck, Greg. I'm sure she'll love you."
does the name Jim Moriarty ring any bells?
"I'm not taking off my coat..." I look at him like he's asked me to stand naked in the snow. "I'm cold... the wool is warm. And water proof."
I look thoughtful for a moment. "No... no, I can't say I have. No matter. What is it you want with me, anyhow? Seems you went to a lot of trouble to spend time in my company."
"It just set so I'd say ‘bout ten hours." His shaking is worse than I thought. "Budge a bit, would ya?" I open my heavy coat and guide him to lay his back against my chest before I pull the coat as closed as possible. "This might work better if you take off the flimsy jacket of yours." I don't want to make him to uncomfortable but if I don't do something he'll be dead before the night is over.
As I kiss him I put my hands on his arse and lift it up higher. Soon our kiss is more a mingling of breath becomes I'm focusing all my strength on trying to actually fuck him into the mattress. "Baby. I'm close. So close." I bite down on his clavicle in an attempt to stave off my cumming. His dick is trapped between us, being rubbed in turns by my abs and his chest.
In this chapter, Mike Stamford is played by StraightShooter (MsLadySmith)
While still rubbing one side I smack his arse one the other side. The sound resonates through the quiet house.
I wake up abruptly. Sherlock is laying next to me so I know he's safe. Looking around I remember we are at That Woman’s cottage.
"Deal." I pull him back on top of me. "Now teach me."
"No, of course not. Why would someone break in here? Especially with my brother here?
"It smells delicious. What is it?" I try to get a look inside the stew pot.
Mycroft
"Yes."
"Your Highness! There you are! I got your drink, but when I'd turned around, you'd vanished." I hand him a glass of champagne. "Where did you run off to?"
Number 12 lands, and I bury my head in the pillows, trying to keep quiet. The sting of the impact sets my arse on fire, and I can feel it from head to toe. I catch my breath, and steady my voice before responding. "12. Thank you, sir."
I pull my mouth off him slowly, and start stoking him with my free hand. "I believe" I gasp with each stroke. "you promised throw me down on the bed and fuck me." My eyes twinkle mischievously.
"I'm sure my assistant explained.... we need to locate them men who previously rented this flat."
"Don't be silly. Gravy required a proper kitchen." I huff, pulling off another piece of meat. My stomach's growling is beginning to quiet. "And I hate Mycroft's cooking."
I lay silent and think of the entire interaction we had. I -may- have misinterpreted a few things. "Do you mean what you said?"
Sherlock
"Yes... heading to Whitby... that's right." I continue.
It was the lights that brought it together with a Sherlockian air. Little golden Bumblebees blinked on and off in time with the music that played from the attached speaker. Even Billy wore a small crown of lights on his bone white head.
I growl at him, but my eyes sparkle with mischief. I scratch my nails lightly along his inner thighs, stopping enticingly close to my prize.
"You really think you can over power me?" I hook my leg behind his ankle and flip us over. "You're so cute when you're... Cute." I kiss the tip of his nose before I kiss his throat.
Sherlock
Sherlock
Sherlock
"I was much younger - it was not long after Mummy and Father died. I decided to impress my brother by taking care of the shopping while he was at work. I was on my way home with the week's shopping, and a group of kids struck up a conversation with me. The longer we talked, the ruder they became to me. I got a bit scared, tried to get away from them, but they managed to corner me. The hospital had to call Mycroft at work to come get me."
"Not hungry." I take a few bites of bread bit the cheese is too much. I sneak it to Daisy who eats it with joy.
"Mum. It’s not going to happen. Thank you for trying. I love you for that." I stand and stretch some kinks out. "We've been at hours though. Let’s call it done now, ok?"
"Yes. Please. Your tea is the bestest." My head feels fuzzy. "But don't tell Sebby I said that. Shh."
Mycroft
Pfft "Yes, thank you. I am not a small child. Nor am I 'darling'.  Are there many important people in your life?"
“Probably no one. Why do you ask?”
Sherlock
"I'm not sure if I'm flattered or horrified that you'd think me capable of such a thing, John." I smile at him. "In any event, I doubt it's an associate of hers. After all, she almost looked drugged when she left the flat. An associate of hers wouldn't need to employ that level of convincing to get her to leave with him." I think for a moment. "Cast your mind back, John... did that man bear a physical resemblance to anyone I've dealt with in the recent past?"
"I... I hadn't really decided. I feel like I should, but it's never that easy."
"And calling me Darling is?" I rock back and forth a few times. "Teasing me." I add a little bounce to my rocking. "Grabbing the arse of that young, fuck, young plush..." His head hits my prostate with the perfect amount of pressure. "You don't grab my arse like that in public anymore."
"Only some people. Does it bother you that much?" I settle in comfortably behind him on Daisy's back. Though he's in front of me, I'm still holding the reins and giving her direction. "If memory serves, there's a cliff about an hour's ride ahead of here, and that's where the cave would be. Sound right to you?"
My spine tingles as he distracts me with a gentle touch before the paddle meets my flesh again. My knuckles are already turning white with my grip on the sheets. I consciously let go and flex my fingers, trying not to think about my stinging arse. "Three" I can still manage to keep count, at least.
The oil is easing the way quite nicely. "This is enjoyable but what do you say to going further? Still up for it after this morning?"
"Captain" I greet the silver-haired man by the fire. "I would like to see my brother. Will you take me to him?"
My buddy over at Two Point called me, as promised, to let me know that an order had been placed to be delivered to 221B Baker Street. I turn the pub over to Jones for the night and head over, so I can do the delivery and maybe have a little chat with Watson... see what they know. Jim will be so pleased with my initiative. I borrow the regular delivery kid's scooter and head over with two bags of food. I ring the bell and wait.
"I do have an Apple Tree on the Estate." I attempt to hide my nerves by tending the fire. "If you'd ever be inclined to come to my house instead of meeting in your rooms."
I shake my head grimly, then snuggle up behind him, my arm around his waist. "Good night, darlin'." I purr in his ear.  "Are you going to sulk all night?" I ask in a low voice, as my lips brush across the back of his neck.
"Ha. I don't believe you. Are you a former Agent? MI6? KGB? CIA?" There was nothing in the dossier to make me think she would be much to handle. But now...
Sherlock
Mycroft shakes his head. "But Mummy..."
I consider for a minute. "Ten." I reply - I know I could have been a lot worse. "Maybe twelve."
Sherlock
(6:35am) *text to JW* Good night. SH
Irene
Mmmm "I don't want you to get too cold. It would be a shame if you died from something as boring as snow." Gods he smells so good. The cold, sparse food, cold, him, cold, tiredness, and the cold are lowering my verbal filter.
Irene
"All right..." I say slowly. "I'm here for you. What can I do?"
I open my eyes and take a brief glance of my surrounding. The moonlight shines into the cave, the fire is still glowing, and Sherlock is tucked up warm and safe against me. I close my eyes to go back to sleep.
Having him fully pressed up against me was much warmer, indeed. "Thank you, John." I say. I cannot fail to notice that he's aroused... at least I'm not alone in that. I'm probably imagining it, right? He wouldn't have any interest in a posh git like me...
, I smile to myself. Still plenty of time.
"And you’re only now bothering to tell me this?? What do you mean by justice served? It sounds a lot like you killed him for her." I storm into the kitchen to start tea and dinner. "You take a minute to think about it if you need to but you better have a good answer by the time dinner is ready."
"Agreed." I shift so that I'm curled up alongside him, my legs across his lap and my head resting near his shoulder.
Unable to hold eye contact I look down at my shoes. "I know. I failed you. Whatever retribution you want is yours for the taking." Now I look up. "Including my life."
I think glumly. I grab my coat and slip it on. "Lead on, then."
Ta for the spare tea pot. Now find something. JW
"Yeah. Yeah. Whatever." I stare at Lock with barely leashed ire. "As long as you stay out of my unit AND I get as many biscuits as you."
In an attempt to call his bluff I halt the kiss and lay next to him. "Any suggestions? Maybe I could go out there wearing only a sheet?" Maybe I'm still a bit upset at him walking out with nothing but a small towel. Maybe.
Just as John's text alert, so does mine.  John and I look at our phones, and each other, simultaneously.
21st Dec
Mycroft
Mycroft
"...the wheels of diplomacy..." I grab his hips again.
I slam down my paper. "Good. Maybe I should give them more to talk about? How about this for starters: Mum of Lord Watson asks him to find a possible Spouse and when Lord Watson is Genuinely Interested She RUNS THAT PERSON OFF!" There's a crash sound from the breakfast bar where one of the overnight guests dropped the jelly pot.
"My brother should have an address momentarily. Get your coat, John..." I whirl around and grab my Belstaff. My text alert chirps, and with a glance, I look at John. "Let's go, John."
"I admit, I do wonder. But I like to think you enjoy my company, and not just for the sex. I won't force you to do anything you're uncomfortable with, though. If the only way you will see me is by payment, I can live with that."
I tighten my legs around his waist, gasping as each thrust of his hips, each stroke of his hand, drives me closer to the edge until I'm trembling with need. "Harder, John... I need it harder." I rock my hips against him.
on my way past him. "Good job mate. Now you can go wash up or whatever. Keep your eyes out on your way." I start cutting the hare into strips and set in on the rocks near the fire.
Mycroft
"Sounds like a case of he-said, she-said to me. Maybe you two should just call it a draw." I move quickly, narrowly missing an elbow in my ribcage.
I continue to stare at him in disbelief. "People can't get past my behavior most of the time. Though I have been called creepy, and gangly. Never beautiful." I run my fingers along his stomach, tracing lower.
"Yeah, I did. I'm glad you liked them." I watch him pet a small feather on the mask as if it was made of the most fragile of glass. His eyes are etched with sadness and there's a deep gloom surrounding him. "Heard rumor you were shipping out tomorrow. Can you tell me if it’s true?"
My eyes have glazed over. All I can see is his face over mine. I shift my legs, locking my ankles around his waist, reveling in how he feels. I twitch my hips against him, causing a moan of pleasure from us both.
"Sounds like family to me." Now that I know it's a person I move a bit further into the cave to get away from the bitter wind. "Hey, any chance you have dry wood back there with you? Maybe some kindling?" I feel a bit warmer but I'm still shivering from my time out in the snow and ice.
What matter of urgency?"
"What if I told you that everything you do affects me?" I turn to my side a bit and scoot down so we're more eye to eye. "You don't need potions or spells or herbs to get my attention." I squeeze our still-entwined hands then let his go, so I can tuck a stray piece of hair behind his ear. "Did she tell you anything else? About oils or tinctures maybe?"
"Mmmhmm. Or on days it's particularly windy. You snore, just a little. If it wakes me, all I do is roll you onto your side, and you stop." I can't believe he doesn't think he snores...
awkward, very quickly if he doesn't move.
"What if... what if I invited your mystery man back to the castle? Assuming I could manage to locate him? If I did that, would you stay?" I blurt out.
"Sherlock, can you give me a hand?" I move to help John out of the chair, and Sherlock sweeps up him up into his arms. "Take him to my room, dear. He can have my bed for now." Sherlock obediently takes John into my bedroom. I shake my head.
A hundred thoughts roll past my mind as I contemplate my next move. On one hand his defiance is stimulating. But, more importantly, his impudence will not be tolerated. I get off the bed and head to the toy chest. "Position. Now." My tone leaves no room for argument.
I pat his head. "Good boy. Follow me." I take the end of the sash like a leash and guide him to end of the bed looking in the direction of the head board. Sitting down in front of him I pat my leg for him to lay his head on while I pet him. "You're doing all sorts of adulting things. That's good. You're getting mouthy with me. That's bad. Let's put your mouth to better use." I put my hand behind his neck and guide him to my cock.
"I miss her too Locky." I plate up the food and bring it over to him. "You need to eat. I won't take no for an answer." I sit on my chair and wait for him to get right side up.
I walk into the living room and give him a stern look. "According to our little wager, they have until about 6:30 this evening, dearie."
I can feel him pulse each time he flexes. The way we work against each other is a well choreographed dance. His sensitivity and pain is a pleasurable bonus for both of us.
Sherlock shouts and I rush to his side with my knife out in front of me to protect him from his murdering brother. "What happened? What's wrong?"
The thought of someone, anyone, else cooking makes me shudder. I have been cooking for myself and family since I was seven and my real Mother passed away. By the time Gregory returns I've stoked the fire, fixed the bedding, fed Daisy, and nearly succumbed to death my boredom.
I look at the kitchen in abject horror. "Sherlock knows better than to leave the kitchen in this condition," I snarl. "Where the hell is he? SHERLOCK!" I start into the living room. My recliner is mostly reclined, and several springs have torn through the seat fabric - it's ruined. I'm getting angrier by the second.
Shut up Self!
I sit up a bit straighter. "There is no problem, My Lord. Is there, brother?"
Mycroft
"Yeah... yes I am," I look down at him, a little defiantly.
"I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. I did, as well." I smile as I watched the scenery fly by as he drove. "We should do things like that more often. As our schedules allow, of course."
“You fail at 100% of the attempts you do not make.”
"What's wrong with being spoiled?? He deserves to be spoiled. He needs to be spoiled. I. Want. To. Spoil. Him." I stand up and start pacing around the room muttering to myself as much as to Martha. "He does everything. The shopping, the sniping, the taking care of boring messes. Then he goes off off off into the mundane world and works works works. So boooorrrrring. Instead we could be camping in a cabin in the Alps, diving in the Carribean, toppling governments all over South America, maybe even North America too."
"Fuck..." My eyes roll back as I arch my back, my fingers twisting in the bedsheets.
"Ugh. 10 points from Griffyndor. Would be more if you weren't such a good masseur. Despite Sherlock's belief, Watson is not an idiot. What else did he peg you for? What name did you use?"
A bit of pride runs through me.
"Yeah, I like puzzles. Most Doctors like a good puzzle." I finish the last of the Champaign and set the empty glass on the ground. "But I'm not a Doctor anymore..." I hear distant chatter getting closer. "We should either move or be ready for visitors in about thirty seconds."
"Is it your heart?"
What a weird question. "Five long weeks. Thirty-five days of me being convinced I killed my baby brother."
Sherlock
"Really, Gregory, I must get home..." I try to unwind myself from his arms.
Sherlock
(3:12pm) *text to body guy* I have contacted the police. They have your number.
I gasp as I watch him swallow my entire length. Several of the other guards had women who could manage it for them, but I never expected to find anyone who could do that for me. And then, the vibration of his throat around me adds to the pleasure tenfold. "Damn, gorgeous..." I groan, caressing his jaw softly, as that familiar sensation starts to curl in my groin.
"Oh, logic puzzles." My eyes light up at the thought, then dim again - my pain-in-the-arse brother keeps me so busy I barely have the time or energy to do anything for myself. "Do you like puzzles?"
"I'm done playing, Mycroft Holmes." I sit on the bench near the fountain with my arms crossed.
"Mycroft," I say quietly, cupping his face in my hands. "Listen to me. I am here, with you, now. I want to be here, with you, in the future." I kiss him softly on the lips. "Is that what you want?"
I whimper when he lets go of my cock. "I thought you liked my brilliant brain..." I pout.
Thinking back on the events I see where he's right. "Oh Joy. And I didn't even notice. No one did. Wow." I glance down and see my hand isn't shaking either. "Do you notice a lot of things like that?"
I put my hands on his shoulders and wait for the pain to subside a bit. "Not even a sprain I bet. Just help me up and I'll be good to go." Once I'm standing I tentatively put my left foot down. "Not too bad at all." When I go to take a step my ankle gives out on me and the only keeping me from eating snow is Sherlock arms around my waist.
I grab some of the snow and rub it over my chin to get rid of some of the grease. "How's it?"
Sherlock
It was the lights that brought it together with a Sherlockian air. Little golden Bumblebees blinked on and off in time with the music that played from the attached speaker. Even Billy wore a small crown of lights on his bone white head.
"You came back to me. Good fishy." I raise my arms and make grabby hands until he picks me up and carries me to bed.
Sherlock
The faint smell of smoke wakes me. I uncurl myself from the little ball I had become, in my desperate attempt to stay warm and open my eyes. Stiffly getting to my feet, I step out of the cave, to see a man kneeling over a small fire. He has dusty blond hair, and broad shoulders - not a bad form, in fact, from what little I can see from this vantage. "Good morning." I mumble.
Sherlock
--FairyGregFather
I nip his ear playfully. "Yes... yes you are."
"Balance of probability would've had us dead that first night." I kiss the top his head. "Just because it's probable or isn't doesn't mean it has to or can't happen."
"Mmmm uh uh. I'm comfy." I shuffle a bit more into the warm mass surrounding me. "Five more minutes."
"That can't be." I look at him, wide-eyed. "She had dinner with us the night that Mycroft left me in the woods. That was only... how long have we been here?" My voice is nearly a whisper.
I sit back and watch his hands near my cock. "Thinking about doing something love? Or just going to be a tease...?" I place my hands on my thighs next to his and wait to see what his next move will be.
"I like to read, when I have time. Usually late at night when my... family is asleep, so I'm not bothered."
"Capt John Watson, Ret. Afghanistan." I take a second look at him. He must not have been out long. Still has the Soldier physique, tan forearms, military haircut, and eyes that look like they could stare down a bear.
I clap in utter joy when Martha Dear makes Seb go an alarming shade of red. "And here I thought only I could make him turn that color."
I knock on the door of the Holmes house and wait for Sherlock to open it this time. "Hello Lock. Good day isn't it? I'm here to fetch your brother on my way to the Castle."
Irene
What time frame?
Sherlock
Sherlock
Mycroft
He takes the new intrusion easily so I start the addition of the third.
"Noooo. It will keep the cold from seeping up through the ground and we'll use my jacket as a blanket."
I suddenly find myself with my back to the wall, the near-total darkness limiting my sight, so my other senses take over. I feet the warmth of John's fingers, the whisper of his breath as he speaks to me softly. I tremble as he gently slides my mask up and hear him take off his own. "I... I suppose I should... give myself permission..." my voice is hardly more than a whisper.
I swallow as much down as possible but some of his come leaks out. I make a show of licking him clean then I lay my head on his thigh. Now that the heat of the experience is passing I can feel the cold bitterly. I slowly stretch my body and cuddle into his lap. I fall asleep quickly and have my first dreamless rest in ages.
Sherlock
It's all I can do to not be giddy over the prospect of being close to him again. "Perhaps we should try to get some sleep?" I motion to the sleeping area I set up along the hollow of the tree.
I told you I will pay for it but nooooooo you want to pay for it all by yourself.
I put my knees to either side of his thighs and begin to snog him senseless. "Very romantic Gregory."
"Better than I could've hoped. If we were so close we should have come here." I set the bedding down and lay it out. I also brought the wine and the last of the cheese. "Don’t fret the wine. You are in charge of it for now."
The slight slickness of his wet palm feels divine, but I know a way it would be even better. With my free hand, I reach for my bedstand drawer, fishing around blindly until I find what I'm looking for. Pulling my hand from between us, I reach up to catch his lips again, popping the lube bottle open with one hand and pouring a generous amount into the other, warming it in my palm before reaching between us again.
With my free hand I stroke along his inner thigh, feeling his balls tighten under my fingertips as I brush over them, cupping them in my hand.
Sherlock
"We are a matched set, are we not? One idiot determined to save the other." I relax into his hold. "In this case there are two idiots."
Sherlock
"The only one I've even been with, yes." The only one I've ever wanted to be with as well. "Does that make you uncomfortable?"
"You just don't have a good point of reference. You never saw me at 18. Using that comparison, yes, I have developed a paunch." I kiss his neck, my stubble grazing over it softly as I work my way to his ear. "I'm told I was much sexier then."
I watch as he deftly handles his knife, making only a few cuts and accomplishing the task quickly. "That's not how my books say to do this..." I frown.
Mycroft
All of a sudden I am wide awake. "What do you mean? Home? With you?" His face falls. "No no no that's not what I mean. I'll go anywhere with you. But by home you mean that place with your Mum and brother?? They tried to kill you! It isn't safe."
"Did I not fuck all that attitude out of you earlier? Shame shame. I'll do better this time." I roll off of him and bring him on top of me.
"Just follow my lead" I grin as I take his hand and put my other hand on his waist. Soon we are waltzing around the room fairly comfortably.
"Now you're mad at me."  I settle down beside him knowing I won't sleep tonight.
Mycroft
"What are you talking about?"
I refill our tea cups, and sit across from him. "So tell me... why did my brother walk home barefoot last night?" I look at him expectantly.
Mycroft
I start to slowly insert my forefinger up to the first knuckle while petting his thigh. "You're so..." Tight. Trusting. Hot. Beautiful. Smart. Curious. Mine! "Perfect."
"That might work. If it doesn't, we can move to plan B." I make a mental list of the herbs and tinctures I want to liberate from the kitchen. "We will, however, need to get out of bed." I say with a grin
Mycroft
"No, Mycroft, I haven't. He mumbled something about biscuits and left several hours ago. Why do you ask?"
"You are not a terrible person, Mycroft - just someone in a terrible situation." I look through the debris left behind in the cave. "Your brother's a smart kid, right? I think if he's careful, he might be alive out there somewhere. He stayed here a couple days - likely during the blizzard - and headed that direction." I pointed north.
I reach behind me for his trousers, blinding looking for what he's requested. Finally finding it, I push the trousers back away from the spring and hand him the vial.
"Mrs Hudson has enemies? Who would want to hurt that charming old lady? She’s an Angel." Minus the soothers she is about the most honest and good woman I know.
echoes in my head, but all that escapes my lips is an unintelligible purr.
"I don't care who you -snog- in your free time but you will -not marry- that commoner."
Sherlock
Sherlock
"Then you're gonna have to stop what you're doing sweetheart." I smile slyly as I take his hand off my cock and take turns sucking each digit into my mouth.
"Well, that hardly seems right. Didn't I say they would come for me within 48 hours? I didn't say that at 4:04pm, dearie... I said it after dinner. 6:30pm.
. "Let's take a shower first. You have one big enough for two?"
I glance up and see him looking at me through heavy lidded eyes. It's as if he is judging all of me. My soul, my heart, my sexual prowess. I can't tell if I come up lacking or not until he arches his back when I put my fingers in deeper and find that spot the gods gave men to remind us that Sex Is Good.
"He loved fairy tales. Said they were the best riddles of all. Whatever that means. He was always going on about how the villain isn't always a villain. Sometimes it's a misunderstood anti-hero. I mean, I could see his point sometimes, but those stories are for kids. You know?" This is quite possible the longest conversation I've had with Sherlock about someone other than Sherlock. Every time he opens his mouth I expect the insult to come out but it's just more talk about Jim. "Anyways, I'm done with him. I've moved on."
"I guess. What do you want me to do?" I have no idea what to do, so I grab one of the smaller branches and try stripping the twigs and leaves off it like he's doing.
"Sit. Down." I say, a bit more sternly than I really mean. It works though, as he carefully sits back down, staring at me in shock. I've never used such a tone with him before. "Eat. I'll take care camp." I pull the bedroll off Daisy's saddle and lay it out at the cave entrance - inside just enough to avoid a sudden cloudburst, but near enough the fire that we will be warm enough and safe from predators. I resume my seat near him as he picks at his food and frowns. "So why -are- you doing this type of work? Your father was rather well-off, as I recall of him."
"Turn around, arms on the wall and lean your head against them." I gather up more gel and begin a standing massage on his neck. I'm leaned against him so I kiss his shoulders as I reach around and put some of the gel on his dick. A few slow strokes and he's as hard as he was back in the bed.
Once all but my socks have been removed I turned back to Lock. "I'm sorry Princess." His arms are folded together and he's making an obvious point to look away from me. "I'm sorry that no one taught you how to deal with real life. Since no one did that you have no way of dealing with it when life goes from real to really bloody hard real bloody fast." It may have been what I was saying or the very low tone in which I was saying it but I finally got his attention.
Our kissing is more like biting and nibbling and sucking of lips and tongue. I spread my legs a bit more so that our dicks are aligned as much as possible from tip down. His cock is long and lean like him, but with a bit of a curve upwards at the top. Mine is stout like myself, thick and solid. My own balls slap against his as I grind into his ministrations.
Sherlock
"What are you doing? That is not ok. She is--- dammit." I follow him into the living room of 221 A. "Quite spacious. Warm. Better wallpaper..."
"But what?" I ask, concerned by the look on his face.
My moan is loud enough that the neighbors may have heard it. I stumble a bit and try to right myself but that's damn near impossible when a mouth made from the gods is sucking my brain out from my dick. I end up hunched over him with my hands on his shoulders to keep from falling over.
"My, my, someone's cranky. After having such a good time, too..." I giggle as he sashays into the bathroom and closes the door loudly. I head to the wardrobe and select some clothing, getting dressed quickly. Sherlock's bedroom door is closed, so he's likely in there, studiously ignoring us. I walk down the stairs and find that he graciously thought to put on coffee before vanishing to his room. Pouring a cup, I take it back upstairs, leaving the cup and saucer on the dresser for Greg. When he comes down, dressed and the cup in hand, I am reading the paper on the sofa.
I start to unbutton his tunic and say a thank you to whatever has made today unseasonably warm. I push the pieces aside and untuck his undershirt to I can put my fingers on his stomach. "You think you've developed a small paunch. You're wrong."
"Yeah. Just letting you know we're ready on our end. Did Lord Watson have security questions?" I take the tray out of Myc’s hand with the intention of dropping it off on my way back to the drawing room.
"NoPe. Not tonight Munchkin." I swat his arse playfully and back away. "How many are left?"
His eyes sparkle like they did when he ate that peach, its as if his eyes are saying 'this is a happy story?' His kiss plumped lips are better than I imagined they would be. As I go to kiss him again I am sprung by a spring. "Ouch." The offending piece of metal jabbed itself into my bad leg.
Mycroft
Sherlock
I shiver as he moves around me, petting and stroking my bare skin. I bite my lip as he slips the cock ring in place, both anticipating and dreading what's coming next.
I laugh quietly, stroking his hair. "Hedgehogs eat any number of invertebrate garden pests - insects, slugs, and the like. Phoenixes consume things like frankincense, so I doubt hedgehog would be on their menu." My hand traces lightly along his cheek, and I smooth my thumb across his lips.
I pant just a little bit when I get back up to the flat with the building manager. "Sherlock, this is Ms Bailey. Ms Bailey, this is Sherlock. Now excuse me, I need to get some water."
Sherlock
On the way to the meeting site Sherlock confirms that Captain Lestrade is who he says he is. Out of respect for his status, and not wanting Sherlock to be hurt accidentally, I make sure to make some noise before I enter the camp. "Captain." I nod at him curtly.
I look at him, wide-eyed. Then I see the grin on his face, and realize he's joking with me. I roll my eyes at him. "I'm sure there are other advantages." I drag my hand suggestively down his chest
I scoot back a bit so I can lean down and suckle on the head of his penis as I slowly add another digit and scissor them in my efforts to loosen him up.
"I am sure we can come up with an amicable arrangement." I pull my legs up onto the bed, and lay back on the pillows.
"Nah. I said my piece and he had nothing to say. Let it go." I look at my watch and see its almost three in the afternoon. "I got to go. I'll let you know if I get more calls about the mask thingy ok? You can keep the jacket by the way."
Mycroft
"YuP." I pop the p sound as he does often enough. I lift my head and kiss the closes part I can reach which happens to be the same spot I bite earlier. "Oops." My smile takes away any credibility that I may have meant it as an apology.
(6:04pm) *text to cop caller* Thanks to you I just spent hours min dealing with NSY. SH
"Please, John. I'm sure she will want to get home as soon as possible. Even she would be rattled by such events." I shake my head.
"Nah, I've got a regular job. Work at a pub most nights. I'm just helping out a friend with deliveries tonight... his regular guy is home sick."
"Well, if that is what he said, then barring a specific statement of a starting time, I have to agree with you, Mrs. Hudson. You won the wager. Now what is this about you moving into Baker Street?" I glare at Jim.
"Though this is quite delicious it's a bit brisk. I've heard of a hot spring nearby. Would the rumor be true?" Some heat would be nice.
"I've had enough of that from both of you. Why is it so unbelievable that I want Sherlock?? He's no more broken then a wounded ex-Doctor Soldier with shaky hands and a psychosomatic limp."
"What. Have. You. Done?!" I go to grab the flask but he moves it quickly out of my reach. "How dare you tell me what I need? Who are you to judge my needs?" That was expensive Brandy. The last of the bottle Father and I would share on long nights.
It takes great strength to not roll my eyes as Sherlock would. "Thank you. Water would be lovely." I use what he has referred to as my 'Posh' Voice.
Hmm. "Quite the non-answer there Dearest Gregory." I put my hands on his waist and kiss his cheek in return.
Sherlock
Having spent the majority of the day aroused by him the choice is quite easy. "Well then, let me just put my jacket down and you can get in."
I kiss him lightly on the lips. "I don't give a damn what 'society' thinks. I've had my fill of that, to be honest." I lean forward and shift the fire a bit. "Besides, my current profession makes people overlook much of my personal life. One of the reasons I chose it."
I redouble my efforts, swallowing around him again, and pressing my fingertips just behind his balls.
"It was hot and dry. Nothing interesting." I pull my hand back to cover a faked cough. "Speaking of dry... Would you please get me something to drink."
I roll my eyes. "I'm not dense, Greg. I am aware we will be seen - and more than likely photographed - together. Do you want dinner or not?" He's getting frustrating.
I chuckle nervously. "My first name actually is William, but I go by my middle name, Sherlock. My full name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes." I look at him. "You are angry with me."
"Pity that. You seem to be recovered from that heartbreak, at least." I push a stack of paper to one side and sit on the edge of the desk. "Tell me about him. What was wrong with him?"
"John, Mrs. Hudson hasn't brought up biscuits this morning. Can you go down and get them?" I call from my chair in the living room.
Mycroft
Sherlock
"Lies!" I hide my head and laugh at my noticed attempts to go unnoticed. "It wasn't until I got quite intoxicated at Fathers Memorial that I finally had courage to talk to you. It was quite fortuitous for me that you stumbled over my chair."
The crowd has finally dwindled to a remaining few men, whom even I can tell do not meet the basic physical description of The Phoenix, so I walk to the drawing room where Greg has just finished with the last few. "Have we given up yet?" I ask wearily.
"You already know I am, gorgeous."
Baby, I'm working tonight - at the bar. Wanna come visit?
"And you think I've gone blind..." I mumble, shifting to move from nipping at his inner thighs to licking the length of his cock.
Mycroft
(7:53am) *text to ICE* Can't do. Leaving soon. I will give it to the clerk. Blonde one. Somewhat cute. JW
Sherlock
I get lost in his eyes for a moment, then clear my throat. "You never did tell me - why is your mother throwing this party if you dislike parties so much?"
Sherlock
"Sherlock. Yes. Ok." He flops down on the other side of the bed dramatically. "Perfect." I then take the position he had moments ago. With me on top we are more lined up, which I show him when I thrust my hips into his as the same time that I bite gently on his neck.
Sherlock
"It means," Sherlock spoke as he took John's hands in his, "that I could no more leave you than I could stop thinking."
"Molly! Wonderful to see you today!" I breeze into her office, where she sits at a desk covered with paperwork. "Tell me, how is your boyfriend? Jim, isn't it?"
I pull up until only a few inches are in my mouth. I scissor my fingers so that his prostate is being constantly stimulated. His body is starting to tremble in its voracious need to get off. I look up at his face and his pupils are blown so wide that his eyes almost look black. A brief image of a Demon with an Angel's Halo flashes across my mind. I want to whisper words of encouragement but more I want to taste him when he cums. All I can do for now is moan to show my appreciation of this experience.
"Water and bridges, Brother dear." It wouldn't have mattered and him knowing would have made things between those two worse.
Remembering how John managed the fire last night, I feed it a few small twigs and sticks to keep it going. I'm not sure what, exactly, I'm keeping an eye out for, but I do my best.
"I'm sorry Gregory. It means something to me when you call me sweet names. It is hard to accept them. I will not attempt to try it again." I lay my head on his shoulder knowing I've killed any amorous mood he may have felt with my pathetic attempt at humor.
I give John a confused look.
"Of course they do," I comment as I grab a biscuit. "Whatever would I do without funny old Sherlock and his flatmate? Always good to have a doctor in the house at my time of life, after all."
"Not a 'cure', per se, but made him forget about it long enough to realize that his therapist is right and the limp is all in his head." I smile weakly as I stare into my empty cup. "He's leaving, you say? I guess his mum is sending him away since he debased himself so much as to dance with a commoner..."
"The drinking didn't help then, either, did it?" I said matter-of-factly.
Sherlock
"Fair. Now, do you understand the basics?" I need to know what he does, and doesn't, know so I don't surprise him.
I can tell by the look in his eyes that I've got him right where I want him. "Of course." I lean down and press my lips against his, my fingers combing through his hair softly.
"Reach up and grab the bar." For this very purpose our headboard, and foot, had sturdy bars and places to attach cuffs or chains to. This would give him something to squeeze and make his muscles taut, so he would feel the next blows even more.
"good. Good job." I pull out the flint but decide I'll show him how to do it this time instead of just getting it done.
"Is the Pope Catholic??" Really. Sometimes I wonder how much of an idiot I am. I pull out the gun and show it to him. "Locked and loaded."
Mycroft
In this chapter, Irene is played by StraightShooter (MsLadySmith)
(3:15) *text to SH* What do most people say? JW
"Nah, mate. It’s down-right hilarious."
I sit next to him and lay my head back against the couch. "What do I call you? I would like to know which name is actually yours."
"Well, I suppose a cash wager would be dull?"
"Locky, my boy. I've come bearing gifts." I hand him a garment bag, slippers, and the box with The Mask. "Open it! Open it!!" I grab his broom and start dancing my way around the living room managing to sweep as I go.
"Roll over my pretty fishy." He winces when his sore flesh touches the sheet. There's no thread count that can make that ok.
I think gallantly. I head quietly out the nearest exit, taking off my mask as I leave (no sane cabbie will pick up a lone masked man at this hour, after all). Setting the mask on the end of the banister by the stone steps in the front of the castle, I make my way quickly and quietly to the main road and head toward town on foot. Luckily, about halfway there, a cab does happen by, and I'm able to negotiate a ride back to our house. When I arrive there, I carefully strip off the clothing loaned me, and climb sadly into bed for a restless night's sleep.
I start to get lost in his kiss but end up pushing him away a bit. I shake my head to rid it of sexy thoughts and focus on this one. "Gregory. You don't understand what I mean. Never did I think I would have one to give it to."
The flutter of muscle as he groans out his orgasm sends me over the edge with him, my fingers curling into his hip as I empty myself into him. I'm barely aware of it when he leans down and kisses me lightly.
Sherlock
I glance up as John sees some of the ridiculous headlines he earned himself last night. "Are you proud of yourself?" I sneer.
"Mmmm" I groan as he nips at my lower lip, and starts down my neck with his teeth. His grip in my hair is tight, and the tension feels good. I squirm under his weight.
I huff. "Yes, but then we were trying not to freeze to death." Still, I curl up against him, resting my head on his shoulder and a hand on his broad chest. It's not that I minded the closeness...
"Now, dear, I can't go telling you all my secrets, can I?" I wink at him as he leans back lazily on the sofa. "Do you want some more tea?"
My groans are getting louder. Almost as loud as the head boards bars clanking hard against the wall. Fuck, is he somehow going to break another bed? From the bottom? The thought of all that raw strength and Soldier-y stuff barely contained in a man who let's me, wants me to spank him for being naughty is a pure rush better than any drugs. So close. So close. I just need one more thing but don't know what it is.
"And the ‘where’ is?" I raise an eyebrow at him.
Sherlock
"All right" I reply, turning the taps on. I, too, prefer a steamy hot shower - especially when I manage to commandeer my brother's private sanctuary for it. Once the water's just right, I step under the spray, pulling John in with me.
"No, John," I shake my head. "A Phoenix is a bird. It has a long life, and each is reborn from the ashes of its predecessor. The friend who loaned me this mask thinks it's time for me to start a new life... hence, a Phoenix is appropriate."
I look at him in surprise. "Why angry at yourself?"
"I believe we started this afternoon with the thought that you were going to distract Irene while I collected a few things from the kitchen." I look at him with a smile, my finger tracing little designs along his chest. "We got distracted ourselves."
Very well. Expect it within the hour
I growl and look up at him. "Come on my cock, sir. I need it, sir... please..." I'm not going to last much longer, so if my begging is what he needs, he'll get it.
It takes me a moment to find my voice. "Y-yes... there are a number of oils in her apothecary cabinet... what kind do you want?"
"I want to see you." I plant my feet on the bed, my knees lifted and legs spread. "Like this?"
Mycroft
I finally manage to haul myself out of the bin - no thanks to John, who just stood there taking pictures... probably sent them to Mycroft, damn him. I rush up to Mrs. Hudson, grabbing her gently by the shoulders. "Are you all right? Have they hurt you?" I look over her for injury.
I smile to myself privately. It's much better for him to do the climbing than me... I'm much more likely to fall on my arse if I try.
I rest one hand tentatively on his shoulder and the other on his waist, and press my lips to his. I've never before so wished for daylight, where I would be able to see his eyes right now.
"Oh. That's what that is. Soooooother. Soothing. Soothe." I am feeling very soothed.
I fling the blankets away so I can look into those dark mischievous eyes of his. "Don't you dare stop," I grumble. The closer he gets to my cock, the more I am anticipating his next move.
"Mycroft was always taking care of me. Bringing me books, sneaking me sweets when Mummy wouldn't let me have any. One night, after Father died, I ate some bad meat, and was terribly sick for days. Mycroft cleaned me up, held me, made me some clear broth when I could finally eat again. He gave up so much to take care of me." I look up at John. "He didn't want me dead. It's just not logical."
"Anythin’ good?" I nod towards the paper in his hand. The Evening Edition is more fluff and stuff than news.
I scoff at Sherlock being as aware of his surroundings as to follow the sound of water. "Unless that is written in a book in his library I don't expect him to reason why that would be a good idea. Sherlock is a smart boy, a genius, but not a reasonable one."
I nod appreciatively. "That makes sense. I think I'll just follow your trail - you didn't step in any traps, after all." I turn and carefully do exactly that, heading to the edge of the water. Kneeling by the river's edge, I put my hands in the icy water, rubbing them briskly, then rubbing my wet hands on my face. I also take a moment for a long drink. Drinking cold water like this is probably terrible in terms of maintaining my body temperature, but it feels so... damn... good.
I yell for security, who quickly get the crowd under control (and away from the stairs). I knock gently on John's door. "John, you can come out now."
Sherlock
Sherlock
"On a scale of one to twenty how naughty were you?"
"How do you plan on explaining the door when she returns?" I smile when his look goes from perplexed to put upon. "Let’s go."
"We should put my Mum out of her misery." I stretch out my legs so that the foot rest comes up and we are as reclined as possible. "But that can wait."
My head is lowered as I walk back to where I hope William waited for me. We didn't go far from the alcove and if he did hear the awful things my Mum and Sister said then he needs to know that I disagree with them. Even after only a few hours I would choose him, my Phoenix, over family or titles or inheritance.
Mycroft
"Angry is a form of sad, Seb. Is Seb short for Sebastian? I knew a Sebastian once. Right bastard he was. Not nearly as handsome." I pat his hand when I set the tea down. "Sugar?"
Sherlock
Sherlock
Mycroft
Mycroft
"I don't think my brother ever wanted to kill me - he just wants to make Mummy think he did, because she insisted. To find out she's not our real mother is enlightening, though. Explains a lot about how she dealt with Father's death..."
Mycroft
"An adorable mad man thankyouverymuch!" I follow him to the loo to wash my face and brush my teeth. "I'll haf you know shez an anjl and scawy as fick."
I recall with horror that I only left him a small flask. I had filled it with Whiskey instead of water thinking it would warm him up. "I've killed him, haven't I?" He was a foolish boy not equipped to deal with survival. I stop walking. I just want to stop everything.
With a grin, I climb over him, pushing him onto his back into the pillows. "You did say I could ruin you later... I choose now." I nip along his collar bone.
if we were married you would have everything I have so you could buy it AND not have to work.
"Let's walk a few more minutes. There's a clearing not far from here where we can set up camp, if you want." I release him and get to my feet, putting out a hand to help him up, too. "Then we can talk." I take Daisy's reins and lead both of them up the path another 10 minutes to the clearing. Looking around, I notice the remnants of another small fire, and a large fallen tree, its center somewhat hollowed out. "I think we aren't the first to find this clearing..." I say, as I tie Daisy's reins to a nearby branch, and relieve her of her burden.
"Certainly, your highness." I turn quickly and push my way through the crowd toward the punch bowl.
"I'm not sure of who but I know I've seen him before." NSY? Barts? Who knows.
"No?" I pout playfully. "What is tonight the night for, then?" I wrap my hand around his firm flesh and stroke firmly, my eyes never leaving his.
Mycroft
"Doubtful, but I do appreciate your rose-color glasses, Gregory." I smile at him as he drives us to the castle.
"I'm sure your friend’s alright. You had a hard few days. It's a surprise you're still on your feet." I put some stew to heat near the fire. "Come, sit beside me. Tell me what brings you here."
As his body starts to settle I put one knee on my shoulder and position myself at his entrance. Just as his brain is coming back online I push into his arse.
"Yeah. Huh. I'll tell the gardener you like her peaches." Lorry will be overjoyed that the only thing that got wet and juicy in her shack was a peach. "I can send you home with a whole mess of them if you'd like. Or have them sent to your house."
Sherlock
Sherlock
Sherlock
I lean my head back with a groan as his tongue caresses my cock. I curl my fingers into his hair loosely and thrust deeper into his mouth, noting that his finger follows suit, thrust into me with as much vigor as I am working his mouth. It's an odd sensation - not uncomfortable, though.
What do you need? I'm a little busy.
"There have been no others but you. You will be the first to tell me my most annoying traits. I'm positive you already know a few." I turn onto my back and look at the clouds roll by.
piss off
I get quiet for a moment. "It's not far from the edge of the Smallwood Estate." I reply quietly.
"Respectfully, My Lord... I don't see how this is your concern. It's a family matter."
As we depart the area I have to ask Sherlock something. "Why only 20 quid?"
"If Sherlock wasn't so, distracted, I would agree with you. But with Watson constantly pulling on his trouser leg it's going to take longer. So if they are here within 48 hours, you win. When they aren't here by the end of that time, I win. What are the stakes?"
Mycroft
"All of it?"
I grab hold of the warmth of his body and just shake all over. Tears-- err no. My eyes leak a bit in relief. "He's not dead. If he survived here he must still be alive."
I pull out a chair for Mrs. Hudson, and take the seat next to her, right across from Jim. John takes his seat next to me, and Seb next to Jim. We all glare at each other for a moment, until Mrs. Hudson breaks the silence.
Sherlock
"Just luck, believe me." I laugh. "I love to dance. I used to take lessons when... when I was younger"
Irene
The End.
I giggle. "No, I rather like my own flat, thank you. I'm sure the boys will be here by dinner time." I put the roast in the oven and wash my hands.
"Dammit All. That's not playing fair." He is more than aware of how protective I am of him. "What if I hadn't stumbled into that cave last week? You'd be dead and it would be your brother’s fault. He as good as killed you." Rubbing my hands over my face does nothing to clear away the confusion his request gives me. "And who knows the guard could easily be lie if he's paid enough.'
((Sherlock's Dream))
I lead the way, opening the door to my brother's bedroom, which is practically opulent in comparison to my tiny room.
"Don't you think if he really wanted me dead, I would be by now? He could have poisoned the bread or whiskey, or just killed me outright." I rub my hand over his. "No, I think Mycroft was just trying to keep me away from Mummy."
"You would give that up? For me?"
Sherlock
I look back in at the crowd that has swelled even more in the last few moments. "First we need to plan an escape route."
"Does my pride count?" I try to sit up. "Ouch. Dammit. Give me a few minutes."
With a loud groan and a squeeze of my balls I cum all over his abs and chest.
"It's fine, dear. Would either of you like some more tea?" I ask sweetly.
Lord John Watson and William Sherlock Scott Holmes were married the following spring, amid much fanfare and celebration.  Under John’s patient care, Sherlock flourished, and made frequent public appearances, both with John and on his own.  Lady Watson and her daughter-in-law Claire loved him for his honesty and wit, and Harry, for the most part, tolerated him as much as she tolerated anyone.
Hrmph. “Not advisable, I think.” I quietly come down the stairs, placing the biscuit jar – yet untouched – onto the kitchen table, and pouring the cold coffee down the sink. “We had… a bit of a disagreement. I doubt I am high on his ‘people I’d like to see today’ list.”
"I know what you're doing love. But you need to actually eat." I use a tactic that has worked a few times; sidetrack him into forgetting he's not eating. "There was a new delivery guy today. Former Corporal Seb Kale... Or Kalle... Something like that. Seemed quite old to be discharged recently and only a Corporal."
"My parents had faith in my ability to be gainfully employed. Not so with my brother. Of course, he was too young for them to make the assumption."
"That sounds awful. I hope at least that the area is familiar to you, when the sun rises. Perhaps you'll at least be able to find your way back. I have no idea where my brother has chosen to leave me, or even why."
"Really Mum? You'd have him sleep in a crap cot in a cramped parlor instead of with his fiancé?" I appeal to her more practical side.
Ha! That's an understatement. "If you don't work you don't eat. Simple as that." Even if you work your arse off sometimes you still don't get to eat. I see a couple of snowflakes fall to the ground. "Starting to snow."
"It means," Sherlock spoke as he took John's hands in his, "that I could no more leave you than I could stop thinking."
I jump out of the bed fully prepared to defend us from an intruder. All I see at first is a tall man with a weapon. After launching myself on top of the threat I disarm him and pin him to the ground with a knee to his kidney and arm twisted behind his back.
Sherlock
"What if-" I take a deep breath. "What if you didn't have to pay me?" I close my eyes and wait for whatever rejection is to come.
I chuckle at the last comment. I'd noticed a few errant strands of silver, but didn't think anyone else had. "My father's hair - what was left of it, anyway - was completely white before he turned 35, so I count myself lucky to only have a bit of silver." I kissed him back with a grin.
Irene
Irene
4th April
He doesn't let go of my hand and I make no move to pull it away. "Then you should get back in and enjoy the party. Make the most of your freedoms tonight."
(4:28am) *text to Blonde* To my work. SH
"Oh, hello, dear. I've just got tea on, if you want some." I walk over to the cabinet and pull out another cup for him. "Sit. Have some biscuits." I wave to the chair.
I look at Sherlock and wait for him to figure out what I want. "Deduce me." I continue to play with my cock and run my free hand up my chest.
That evening after dinner, Mycroft hands his brother a cup of hot cocoa. Sherlock sees it as an extravagant gesture, but Mummy and Mycroft know the truth of it - a hefty dose of a sleeping draught has been added to the cocoa. Sherlock is soundly asleep within minutes of finishing it. With a nod of his head, Mycroft scoops his unconscious brother up and carries him to the carriage. A few hours later, Mycroft pulls the horse to a stop, and climbs out of the carriage. He looks around the area and spots a shallow cave along the edge of the treeline. Scooping his still-slumbering brother from the seat, he carries him to the cave, and settles him in the corner, tucking his coat tightly around him. He tucks a small bag under his arm, containing a loaf of bread, a flask of whiskey, and a small knife. Mycroft had penned a letter earlier, explaining his actions, and tucked the letter into Sherlock's coat pocket. Placing a brotherly kiss on his head, Mycroft leaves his brother to his fate.
"I wasn't talking about her, or right after we get her back. I was talking about..." It's no use. He's already on his phone again, wait that's my phone. "So, what's the connection between Kale and The Wolf?"
"That was incredible, love. No other word for it." I breathe against his shoulder.
"I've read about the proper way to clean and prepare rabbit, of course, but I have no practical experience." I hold up the carcass. I pull out the dull little knife Mycroft left with me, and lay the rabbit on a nearby flat rock, and set to work attempting to clean and dress it properly.
"Oh, Sherlock rambles on about lots of things. I don't listen half the time."
I look up at him, desperation flashing in my eyes. "Please..."
"Really, Gregory..." I chuckle weakly, keeping him at arm's length as I back toward the bed.
Within moments I pulled my fingers out of his mouth and reached between us. I lifted my arse and made a long moan sound when I thrust two digits into myself deeply. His eyes opened quickly and I was unsure if he had expected this to be the way I was going to fuck that attitude out of him.
"Yes, only one belongs to me. The others cost coin, which at the moment, I do not have." I shake my head. "Contrary to what you might think, being a royal bounty hunter doesn't usually pay all that well - which is why I have a more reliable job as a member of the Royal Guard, too." Of course, I do allow myself one luxury... who happens to be standing in front of me. "We are going to have to rough it. You can leave most of those clothes - no one cares what we look like in the forest. I have blankets enough for 3, so leave yours. The spare socks and shoes are a good idea, though, and the food is, too - so long as you plan to eat it." I help him sort through his bags, and winnow it down to a single sack, which we sling over his shoulder. I swing myself into the saddle, and reach a hand down to pull him up behind me.
I run my tongue over his head softly, his frustrated groan music to my ears.
"How can you tell? I could always tell when Frank got a new girl because he was never very careful about lipstick on his collar."
"The Where is Public. Haven't you been paying attention? He won't do anything with me if we're in public! Cares too much ‘bout him image. It doesn't even matter if he's choked on my dick less than an hour ago, if he sees me in public, he doesn't even acknowledge me." I use the towel to start wiping off the entire table. "I could've been riding those long digits of his the night before but come morning light those digits are too good to be seen next to my simple commoner’s hands. Yet those same digits can be fondling the arse of a Statesman ‘cause it would be what's expected." I remove his cup to the sink after I scrub down his area with the towel.
Sherlock
"Then I'll know he doesn't want to see his brother, and I'll be able to get an early start tomorrow." I say simply, still crouched by the small fire. "Want something to drink? I can make tea, or I've got a little wine left, if you want." I might as well try to be friendly.
Which one?
"It's stupid. Forget I said anything." I go back to kissing his neck. I put my hands under his head, so I can run my fingers through his gorgeous locks.
Sherlock
"I'm well aware of that." I flip on her pot and grab the box of normal tea. The door buzzer goes off and I jump. It is much louder in here. No wonder she gets so upset at us when visitors show up unannounced at awful hours.
"What if I promise to return the favor?" He knows I love sucking him off any chance I can. It has made for some interesting car rides.
I am confused by the emotional turmoil in my head. "I always thought she was my mother. Neither Father nor Mycroft ever told me otherwise. Knowing she wasn't explains a lot of things, actually. But it still bothers me that she's dead. Should it still bother me?" I ask him.
“Of course. More tea?”
"Ah. I see. That is to be expected though. An older woman teaching a younger man." I shrug my shoulders. Lady Smallwood is known for entrapping young men and parading them at court only to toss them aside for a younger model. 'Have you had many?"
I return quickly to the parking area, where Greg is waiting, engine running. "Let's go, then."
I shudder. "Ew. You want me to set you up with my brother? Ew."
"Oh, surprise me. A walk sounds lovely. I'm so glad I grabbed some of my herbal soothers before we left the house. The old hip will bother me after such an outing - always does." I smile.
"Yes, gorgeous?" I answer lazily.
As soon as his penis is released I put my hands on it and start to stroke. Gregory is quite bigger than any I've seen or had before. Even with both hands on his shaft there is still plenty to put in my mouth. I start with small licks before I suck the entire head in.
Sherlock
"The thought did cross my mind, yes." I reply sadly. "And I didn't want you to get hurt in the process."
"I can't leave... Mycroft will..." Speaking of the Devil, I hear him call my name from upstairs.
The past 48 hours. I need to see everyone who entered and exited our front door in that time.
"Gun shot. Go on, touch it." Being under his curious stare is a bit more than a little tantalising. As he watches, I turn around so he can see the exit wound, as well as unbutton my trousers and shimmy out of them. Turning back towards him I hook my thumbs into the band of my pants and tug them down a smidge.
"You're gorgeous like this. All strength and grace." The next smack is across his other upper thigh. Then another right above it where the crease is that separates the thigh from the glutes. "Halfway there." I stretch myself along his back and hold him for a moment. The paddle is pressed against his chest and I listen to his heart beat.
"No." I groan and put my arm over my eyes but can't hide the smirk. "That is a bad idea."
"That'd be great, Mycroft. You looking for a permanent gig like Greg, here, or temporary? I'm sure we can manage either."
I grab the lube and slowly sink to my knees. I put a hand on each cheek and my thumbs in between them. As I pull my thumbs away from each other I am shown a view of his downy-covered opening and the back side of his balls. I tentatively lick at the opening a bit to see what his reaction is.
"Greg was spending his time chasing after me... he wasn't paying any attention to you." I scold him. "And you chose not to inform me you were there, so I couldn't have helped either. You put yourself at risk. That cannot happen again, Sherlock."
A smile lights in my eyes (since my mouth is currently otherwise occupied), determined to keep him right where I have him.
"I'm sure you'd enjoy it."
It takes me a moment to catch my breath after our hips meet, his tight warmth enveloping me. "Ready for any possibility," I mumble, grabbing his hips.
Sherlock
"The whole tray? Maybe I can get you a plate or something?"
"Apparently, you've never been alone with a single woman," I grumble. I limp over to a chair by the fire and put my foot up on a small stool. "Lock, help me out of my boot would you? I need to take a look at the damage."
"OK, yeah, I don't think you're going to be dancing on that foot, let alone hiking." I move around in front of him and crouch down. "Come on, hop onto my back. I can carry you for a while, at least."
As for Irene... That's a tale for another time.
"Only when I don't do as I'm told. Or when I waste time talking to people when I go to the market on Thursday. He's always in such a hurry when we do the shopping."
I throw my head back with a groan as I feel him pulse inside me, and in short order, my orgasm overtakes me as well. As the waves ebb, I collapse onto his shoulder, breathing hard.
"I could, perhaps, make sure she sleeps VERY soundly." I start going through my mental catalog of herbs, thinking about what I have quick access to in her kitchen. There are a few combinations that might work and might not be terribly obvious to her. "That would be helpful when we leave, after all."
Mycroft
I am awake but do not want Greg to know of it. I have made a fool of myself thrice over.
"I don't need your family ring for that, Mycroft. Just stay with me, love." I kiss him again, a little more insistent.
(2:55pm) *text to John btw* She gave you a fake number. She obviously realized you were clingy and didn't want to offend you. SH
Grumbling, I turn my attention to cooking dinner as Greg attempts to sweet-talk my brother.
Mycroft
Sherlock
"You are the biggest tease in the history of teases." We have had a few interesting nights on exactly how long he can get me close and stave me off. "Tonight is not the night for that."
My hand goes to my side, sans food. "Well, Seb... Tell Kat we say hello." Sherlock would've grabbed the food by now and slammed the door in his face. "We, uh, paid online. Do you need to see the card or something?"
"Most people think it's a silly name for a black horse... like she should be named Midnight instead. But when I looked into her eyes, I knew her name was Daisy, no matter what she looked like." I'm starting to get misty-eyed - time to change the subject. "What did you bring for lunch?"
"Oh, I'm too old to work for someone else, dearie. Besides," I set down my teacup and look him in the eye. "My residual income takes care of my needs. I have no need of work... I quite enjoy just looking after my boys."
"What did you do? Just tell me so I can get mad then forgive you."
"Sometimes help with chores??" I put my face into my palm. "You shouldn't just be helping with chores. You should have a job."
"Poor Sebastian... Why is he the poor one." I pick up a muffin and start tearing it apart. "I give him everything. EVERYTHING. But it's not enough. He has to have his stupid bar and his stupid job and his stupid... stupid... He won't even let me buy him a house. Nooooooo. He wants to buy me a house instead. Wants to -earn- it. Bleck. Boring."
Mycroft
"We'll be family soon enough. Tell me."
"It's all right - you have no way of knowing. Not like it comes up in conversation... or like we ever have conversations..." I shrug as I set my heels into the mare's sides, and she starts off at a brisk walk. It must have surprised Mycroft, as he quickly went from lightly resting his hands on my hips to wrapping his arms around my waist and holding on for dear life. "Not used to riding, I take it?" I chuckle.
My eyes widen a bit, and I curl my thumbs into his waistband and pull, letting his trousers and pants fall to the floor. "Promise?" My voice is almost a whisper.
"And what did you tell him about me?" I look at her quizzically.
I pull him in and rub up and down his back. "Tell me about him." Maybe if I know more I will be able to understand why he can forgive so easily.
I look up when the man enters the clearing where we've set up camp. "Is Sherlock with you?"
"That's a lie John. You've asked me to do many things."
"This is a fine wool coat! Not flimsy at all!" I pull my Belstaff tightly around me.
Sherlock
"Hmmm. Let me look..." I kiss him hard then spring off the bed, strutting naked over the cabinet. "Would a massage oil be sufficient? She has a vial of almond oil here."
"What do your books have to say about it? Did it include a chapter on starving?" It would be quicker to do it myself but if he's going to survive he needs to learn more than how to discover mushrooms.
Sherlock
My anger at my brother is now tempered by concern for Lord Watson, who is now my responsibility. "We don't know for certain Lord Watson even came here, you know." I say in a quiet voice. "He could have been intercepted en route."
"I'll be... busy tomorrow... lots to do at home,"
I arrive at the stables to find Mycroft waiting for me. The man is nothing if not punctual - I'll give him that. I take the reins of my mare from the stable boy, and sling my saddlebags over the saddle. I look at Mycroft. "I've only got the one horse... just how are you planning to bring all that?" I motion at the several bags at his feet.
"Noticing things like that are simple - one must observe."
Sherlock
"I did no such thing," I say sternly. "But, I can't say I was heart-broken when Florida decided to put him out of my misery." I lean back in my chair. "The man would bed anything in a skirt, you know. And he had absolutely no idea how to run a business."
"Thank you for pointing out the obvious." I dust off my tunic before I attempt to stand up. "I assume you have many paramours and I'm simply an interesting diversion that you will discard when you get bored." I wobble only a bit when I stand. "If we are staying here I should make a bed of sorts."
I jump to my feet. "Of course! The note... the story!" I cry out. "Well done, John! You'll learn this yet!"
Mycroft
"Miss this?" I slip an arm around him and pull him close to me. "You're not going anywhere, are you?"
Mycroft
"Taking a break I guess. New guy was chatty but didn't say much about Andrew." I shrug and get back to pushing food around my plate.
I pull my hand out and stop sucking him off. I grab the oil and put a bit more on my hand so I can lube myself up more. I can't help but crawl over him so I can kiss him again. "Ready my love?"
"No buts. Not again. Ever."
Instead of a simple tree and a few lights, as requested, Sherlock had outdone himself. The living room looked like every light in London had been commandeered, as well as a tree that was bushy limbs from floor to ceiling. A 'few baubles' had turned into a display worthy of a small window shop in Soho. On the very top was a child's handmade star, so stark in contrast to the professional feeling of the rest of the boughs, but perfect for it being made by Rosie's child hands.
I get up with a groan, padding over to the bathroom to grab a flannel to clean us up. Once that's done, I curl up behind Greg, nuzzling against his neck. "Dinner, remember? We should get dressed."
"I have been dancing."
"Daisy is a perfectly apt name for a mare." Why would I find that funny? It is endearing. As are most things he does.
Sherlock
Sherlock looks so sad so I kiss him again, a bit longer this time. "Then we simply won't let him quit. I'll have Mum issue a Royal Decree that he stay put." This brings a small smile to my lover’s face. "Is he often mad with you?"
I laugh and kiss him on the cheek before squeezing him and setting him back on the floor. "Oh, just work. Did a little detective work for you," I grin.
"Forget I said anything love." A memory of being laughed at the first time I ever dared to ask a partner for the same thing comes back in full force but I shut it down.
"But what if?"
Sherlock
"As warm and comfortable as we are," I sigh. "I should get up. I might be able to catch us some fresh meat for dinner. Will you eat if I catch some fish?" I kiss him on the cheek.
I hustle into the bedroom and try to shake John awake.
I let out a shaky breath.
"What do you want?'
"I heard what you mother said. She's right - I'm not worthy of someone like you." I flop onto the sofa, unable to look him in the eye.
Mycroft
"John is actually a very good dancer, Madame. He just needs to relax into the music more."
"Waz dat? Yr nt givin me lpf are you?" I glare at him through the reflection of the bathroom mirror as I brush my teeth.
"The Phoenix... from the ancient Greeks. A long-lived bird that is reborn from the ashes of its predecessor. Yes, I am familiar with it."
I feel his not-hip brush against my side and his knee came very close to my not-hip. We can do this. We can absolutely do this. No problem.
I take his hand and get up behind him. "I'm sorry. That was rude of me." I put my hands lightly on his hips.
Mycroft
I finally give up in the whole eating thing and take our plates to the sink. I come back with the folded piece of paper with his name and number on it and hand it to Sherlock.
"Maybe he wants to spoil you ," I look at him sternly. "It's bad enough he thinks you're not interested in anything long-term with him..."
I got the milk AND an idea.
I throw my head back with a groan as the pleasure breaks and I slam into him one last time, cumming hard. My fingers are dug so hard into his hips I'm sure he'll have bruises for days, but he's never complained before. I slump over his back, my head resting between his shoulder blades as I catch my breath,
Sherlock
"Congratulations Mr. Holmes." I smile brightly. This day has been a rollercoaster that looks to be ending on a very high note.
Sherlock
Sherlock
My eyes tear up as I take him as far down as possible. A long low moan comes out of me as I swallow him down. I add another finger to the one already toying with his prostate and rub a lazy circle pattern around the area.
“WHAT?” I look up at him in shock.
"Just around that bend." I hope it's just his discomfort riding and his anxiousness to find his brother making him uncomfortable. I'm actually enjoying the ride with him.
"Oh, decided to come back, have you?" I sneer at them.
I groan at his attentions - damn, he's good at that - and lean back, my eyes never leaving him. I comb my fingers through his hair softly, and I feel him begin to shiver with the cold. Without a word, I shift one of the blankets to cover most of him. "You're doing so well... now take more." I let my hand rest on the back of his head - not pushing, but the encouragement is still there.
Mycroft
"Fine. We can stay lost, then." I yank my arm back, but follow him back to the little clearing where our fire is still burning. I sit on the ground, leaning up against a sturdy tree, and sulk.
You still awake?
I nod to Stamford as he passes. He heads to the bar to collect a pint, then returns to our table, pulling up a chair.
I'm dancing and having a good time. This is new. I nod to Mum, Sis, and a few business associates as I pass. Everyone is looking at my escort. "You never did tell me more about you. What do you do? How long have you lived here?"
I put my hands on the back of his knees and push them even closer to his chest. He's so flexible I could fold him in half if I wanted to. I give him a few shallow thrusts before I start really pounding into him. My balls hit his arse each time I bottom out.
Mycroft
"What do you mean? This is my knee."
I adjust my legs so that our hips are flush, and cocks rub together. The water makes for a poor lubricant however. "Gregory, be a dear and fetch the small vial I left in my pocket."
Mycroft
(5am) *text to JW* We'll talk more later. SH
My fingers twist into the sheet under my hands. 14... I tremble a little - more anticipation than fear. Jim doesn't scare me. He never has, even when he gets that crazy look in his eye. He knows what I need, and he's happy to provide it. I relax a little as he rubs over my arse, little sounds of pleasure escaping my lips as he does.
Sherlock
I look at him, a little worried. "You seem... different. You OK?" I pet his hair. "What sort of bet did you make?"
"If I say no?" I stand at battle ready position.
Mmmm "very, yes." I can feel her giggling a bit before she tugs gently on my hair to get me to look at her. The longer I gaze into her eyes I see that I've been looking at her all wrong. Her eyes aren't brown, they're a mix of blue and green and gold. Her dark hair goes just to the back of her neck in perfect ringlets. Her neck is long and pale and so very kissable looking. "Can I kiss you?"
Sherlock
"Coming!" I take my time climbing down. "There's a cabin, small one mind you, not too far away. We could probably get there before nightfall. Probably. Or we can camp under this tree for the night and walk there early in the morning."
"He gets bored, too, you know. And since you've been spending so much time with John now, he hasn't seen you as often." My voice lowers to a whisper. "He won't admit it, but I think he might be a little jealous."
"Why would you do that to him?" I snarl. "Have you ever dealt with a panic attack? It was hard enough to manage when he was a child, but now... I don't know that I can anymore. And I have been dealing with his idiosyncrasies a hell of a lot longer than you have. Our parents never dealt with him properly, figured he'd outgrow his social awkwardness. Lucky them - they didn't see themselves proved wrong."
"I did choke. I gagged and a few times I couldn't draw air but I wouldn't stop. You remember that, yes?" I bring up my hands to put in his hair and tug on it.
No, why would I check on him? Irene says he's quite safe. "More tea? It's quite amazing. This is."
I put my hand on my heart. "Promise."
"You're... high. What, you and the old lady been smoking?"
Research takes time, John. Patience.
Tapping Mycroft on the shoulder I mime if he wants me to check Sherlock’s room or follow him to his. With a nod from him I head off down the hall.
"Our parents are long gone - I've been his sole family since he was 10 years old. I suppose he might be convinced to bake an extra batch for you, given your upcoming departure. His name is Sherlock. Here is our address." I scribbled our address onto a piece of paper.
"William!" I call out for the third or fourth time. "Where are you?" I've walked in on two couples in flagrante and an overly-intoxicated Mr Smallwood taking a nap in the alcoves. As I turn to go towards the balcony my foot grazes something on the ground and it slides under a bench. My heart breaks when I kneel to find the Phoenix mask. Like me, it was abandoned by its owner.
The cool paddle moving lightly over my stinging arse cheek feels so good, I hardly even notice the light tap.
Sherlock
I clap my hands in glee. "Excellent. So, finish up your dinner. I made dessert, but you don't get any if you don't clean your plates."
"What the bloody Hell was that? Why did you make us hide? Who was that? Why are you laughing?" His attempts at getting up are punctuated by jabs to various body parts but I can't stop giggling. "Why am I laughing?"
"The answer is in the stars." I return to the pile of clothes and take his surprisingly warm coat off. "Get up and dressed. We'll leave soon."
Sherlock
I quickly grab one of the blankets and wrap it around him. "Can't have you catching your death out here..." I murmur as I use the blanket to dry him and keep him warm. I quickly slip back into my own clothes, and drape a blanket around myself, too - it has become decidedly chill, since the sun began to set. "If we hurry, we should be able to get back to our camp site - and get a nice fire going - before it's completely dark." We make sure we everything in hand, and quickly find our way back. In short order, I'm able to get a nice warm fire going, and I sit beside Mycroft on the sleeping mat.
I look at him, a smile in my eyes. "I like yours. It suits you, I think."
Mycroft
I hurry after John as he limps out the front door. "Wait! John!" I catch up to him quickly, and grab his arm. "I tried to wake you earlier. I think you're right... about not trusting her. I think she drugged you..."
The fire looks warm and inviting but I must weigh if it's worth having to speak with Gregory again. "I'm sorry." Only a whisper but it's all I can do.
"KA-lay. Seb KA-lay." I smile as I hand him the bags. "Don't worry, everyone makes that mistake."
Mycroft
"I promise to make it worth your while later." I grin as we pull up to my house. I get out and open the front door. "Sherlock?" I call out. No answer.
I'm more worried about Sherlock's friend - John, he calls him - than about Sherlock harming either of us. I nod to Mycroft.
Sherlock
I slip his belt off and unbutton his trousers. "Well, that is an order I am most willing to obey. It's to my advantage, too, after all." I nuzzle against his stomach as I hook my thumbs onto the waistband of his trousers and pants, sweeping them to the floor in one motion.
I need information on the 19th Regiment Royal Artillery. One Corporal Kalle.
"Yeah, well, whatever. You parents were right crazy." Hearing the boys coming down the stairs I prepare another cup of tea and grab the makings for a hot chocolate.
I scratch his scalp lightly and adjust my feet so my legs are open wider. "Thank you, baby." I'm looking forward to the moment when he finds that I currently have my favorite plug tucked in my arse.
I kiss my way down his neck and to his shoulder, my hands brushing lightly over his freckled skin as he settles himself across my lap. I kiss and lick every freckle as though counting them with the tip of my tongue.
Sherlock
Sherlock
Looking down and him I finish taking my shirt off and let it drop to the floor. "Undress me." Something in him makes me just want to dominate him from time to time. This afternoon appears to be one of those times.
"Do you have a lot of luck with that? Catching rabbits?"
"I've told my brother this chair is in a sorry state..." I shake my head. Carefully, I unwind myself from him and get to my feet, pulling him up with me. "I think I have a better idea." Taking him by the hand, I lead him down the hallway to my bedroom.
I am able to let him come up for air once more before I push him back down, his moaníng around my cock enough to put me over the edge. I let go of his head when I cum, and his throat strokes me through as he swallows it all. Sated, I relax limply against the headboard as he crawls back up the bed to nestle alongside me.
"Mmmhmmm." I hum in response, shivering as his lips brush down my neck to my collar bone.
"Sherlock, love, look at me." His hand pauses and he looks at me. "You are lovely. You are smart. And yes, you do have an attitude that can be hard to get past but it's worth it." My words are interspersed with kisses.
"I am enjoying the party." My voice is hardly more than a whisper as I look into his eyes.
is offering a reward for the identity of the Phoenix, and a reward for the Phoenix himself, should he present himself at the castle before tomorrow midnight."
"I'll have you know, I've been cooking for myself for a long time. Haven't poisoned anyone yet." I give him a cheeky grin as I pull the fish off the fire. After letting it cool a bit, I hand a fish to him on one of the small plates he thoughtfully packed, and sit back with my own, watching him decide if he's going to attempt to eat.
"I told you that ring IS ME! It is my PAST! My PRESENT! I had hoped YOU were my FUTURE! You are insufferable!" I try to get back up, but he keeps me slightly splayed across his lap.
"I sometimes wonder if he is really my flesh and blood, and not just some foundling my parents took in." I grin at John and squeeze his hand. "We should arrive shortly. I've asked the driver to stop a block or so away - no sense in announcing our presence before we're ready."
"Sorry, must've misheard. Bet? What bet? What about Baker Street? No. No. No. No. Absolutely not. No." I toss my napkin down and cross my arms. "No."
"Yes, thank you, no. Do you know who that man is? The one in the Phoenix mask?"
"Why must you keep your anonymity?" With his mask askew I can see just the hint of his smile.
"Well, come on, then," I reach a hand out to him. "Not much farther."
"Yeah. Sure." I start to rub my knee like I do when nervous. It's been a long while sense I've spoken about much outside of Medicine or Soldiering. "So, umm, what now?"
The cool night air is a huge improvement. "Thank you, your Highness. It was beginning to get stiflingly warm in there." I take a deep breath. "So why is your mum throwing this party for you, if you don't like parties?"
"Really? Then you must be playing a different game." I put out the fag in the ashtray near the bench. "Cause if -I- wanted to take someone home with me..." I put an arm around his neck and bring him in close to hear me whisper. "I would make more of an effort to grease the wheels I want to be riding later." I take a step back, put on my mask, smack his arse and head back towards the party.
Sherlock
"He yells at me because I'm frustrating." I look down. "But hit me? No, he doesn't do that."
His whole body spasms the moment before my mouth is filled with warm salty fluid that I swallow instantly. I keep his cock in my mouth for a few moments as he calms down. When he seems a bit relaxed I raise up and stroke his thighs. I watch him as he slowly returns to himself and opens his eyes.
I open his pack and find socks, spare shirt and britches, wine skin, a bag of fruit, and some dried leather. "All I found was fruit." I pull out my own food bag containing two types of cheese, the remainder of the bread, some grapes, and a flask of Brandy.
"Are you trying to hit on me, Mr. Phoenix?" His head cocks to one side as if he’s confused. "Harry would ask all the girls she liked if they wanted to watch the Sunset in The Gardens."
"Oh, don't you worry about that. I'll take care of him." I pat Jimmy's cheek. "He's easy to handle, once you know how. So, about dinner..."
I sit down on the bedding and fluff up an imaginary pillow. "Come along then." After I lay down I pat the side next to me.
I put my leg over him as well as my arm. "Hmm. If you insist."
"Surely you don't expect us BOTH to be naked... together..." I am totally unprepared for such closeness at this point. Not that John is an ugly man, by any stretch of the imagination, but... I hardly know him!
"Umm..." I roll to my side to face him. "Yeah that ain't gonna work mate. You'll either have to move over to me a bit or I can move to you. The whole point of sharing body heat is... Well... -sharing body heat-."
I shrug, not really understanding what he is fussing about. "We should get some sleep, if we want to head out at first light." I put my arm around him and lie down behind him, the blankets tucked around us.
Sherlock
Sherlock
The car pulls up silently just up the street from the address Mycroft sent me. "After you, then..." I nod to John as the driver opens the door. "Did you bring it?"
I frown, my eyes shifting from John devouring his rabbit to the untouched rabbit in front of me. I take a deep breath, and grab my rabbit's legs with two fingers, pulling it off the rest of the carcass. Steadying it with two fingers from the other hand, I carefully take a bite, trying to avoid getting any of the greasy meat on my chin. Though a challenge to eat, it is quite delicious.
I take a bite of the biscuit and am blown away by the near perfectness off it. "Who made these? They're amazing."
Mycroft
"I dunno, babe... she's making sense to me." I shrug. The glare I get in return makes me glad he's not sitting on the sofa with me right now.
I look around the table at the gathered company. "Has anyone considered calling it a draw and finding the middle ground? For example, they can stay at Baker Street a few nights but still live here." Martha beams. Moran shrugs, again. Jim and Sherlock have equally violent looks. Seems they finally found something to agree on, my demise. Least I will end life on a full stomach.
Mmmm "I would love for you to make me a dessert, dumpling." I attempt to make him laugh with names like he uses on me.
"Call it a working interview. If Lady Watson likes what she sees, she'll probably offer you a full-time gig, if you want it."
I stand in the open doorway, scanning the room. "He doesn't live here anymore, at least. Moved out in the last week, it seems." I turn to face John. "Talk to the building manager. See if he left a forwarding address." I walk into the flat, leaving John standing in the hall.
"I don't. Relax that is. Or I try not to. I help with the orchard, take care of the horses when needed, just try to keep busy." Mum waves me over so I guide William her direction.
"That’s Sherlock and I'm John. We were trying to get to Whitby from Russell and got lost." I stare at Sherlock and hope he catches on.
Oh, God... I swallow a much-too-hot mouthful of tea, giving myself a good excuse for the bright red tinge in my cheeks.
"Very good, but easy information. What do you know about Frank?"
I take advantage of the new position to grab his wrists and pin them down. "Do you really think you're capable of that, Gregory dear?" I smile down at him slyly. "Somehow, I don't think so." I lean down as though to kiss him, but when he tries to stretch to meet my lips, I pull away with a grin. "Tsk, tsk... so impatient..."
"Holy shite! Exactly how old are you?" At first, I assumed that like most aristocrats he just looked young, now though...
His response is most welcome, and a pleased little noise comes from me. My tongue nudges his lower lip, and his lips part.
"You’re welcome Irene. Glad I could help." Sherlock is stirring the stew so I'm sure he's done his part. "You ready to learn how to clean a kill properly?" I grab another knife for him and slip his flask into my pocket.
"Nobody knows who that William is."
"So, you knew about it? You knew I was looking for you? But you didn't go because you wanted me to find someone my family would approve of?" My relief had morphed to anger which was now morphing to dejection.
(5:06am) *text to JW* I find you interesting. SH
"You have no reason to trust me. Mayhaps if we stay within your line of sight?" Trust is something that will take me a lifetime to earn back.
"Don't take that tone with me, Mycie. I saw what I saw." I pull my fox mask off for a moment and run my hand through my hair. "I saw what I saw."
"Uh huh yeah sure. Check out Lord Watson! The boy is hot!" Lord Watson just returned from combat in Afghanistan after being wounded in battle. It was in his honor that this Masked Ball was happening. And, if he were to find a suitable spouse, I'm sure his parents would be quite pleased.
We kiss briefly. "Really, Sunshine?"
Mycroft
Sherlock
(3:14pm) *text to JW* That's not what most people say. SH
Oh Dear Gods. "I could just put my arm around your shoulders."
"Well aren't you a dozen shades of adorable." My smile widens at his lack of knowledge about something as simple as shopping for milk. "They keep it all in the back. It's there, way of getting you to buy more than you were planning on. C'mon, Moonpie, I'll show you where it is."
"I'm surprisingly smart." I laugh a bit at my own joke.
I grab either side of his face and give him a bruising kiss. "How did I get so lucky?" I get off him and the bed and find a flannel to wipe us both down. I can feel his eyes looking at my arse and I blush. "I'm not beautiful like you but I like to believe I make up for it in muscle." It's more like I wish I could believe it.
I make my way down the hall eating the biscuits and asking if anyone knows where Mycroft Holmes is. The moment I see him I remember the fight he and his lover had out by the fountain.
Mycroft
I rub my chin. "No harm done..." I unfold myself from the corner and get out of the tree hollow. "So... which direction to the cabin you saw?"
I poke him gently in the ribs. "YeP. We have to get up." I swing my legs off the bed, getting to my feet. Grabbing my own clothes off the floor, I toss his clothes at him.
"Sure are you?" I watch his eyes darken as if his very thoughts are visible through them. "Helps that you're beautiful and have a ... very ... big..."
"I'm leaving." Sherlock adjusted his scarf.
He tightens his arse around my cock and I lose control. I shift up and pull his arse into me as I thrust into him. I try to contain myself but end up practically shouting as I fill him up with cum again. Before I have a moment to feel bad I see his own semen shoot out his dick and my penis is locked in by his own spasms of pleasure.
I keep my expression blank - with effort. "So they're a couple, hm?"
"I hate you!! Both of you!!" I storm down the hallway. "No more points for Hufflepuff ever again. Eeeeever!" With a slam of the door I finish this ridiculous pointless conversation. 4:04 and not a minute after.
Sherlock
"Brilliant.  I could use it to my advantage. Accept a felony charge but get to know who you are. Decisions, decisions." I have an inkling there's more than a few family quirks that has him so adamant I find out nothing about him.
Sherlock
"Your sister isn't Mycroft. He may have a temper, and may treat me harshly, but he does care." I set my satchel on the bed in the main room - obviously John's bedroom.
Sherlock
"Best to just stay under covers." I grab his arse and role on top of him. "We all know how much you like to be under..." I squeeze his arse tightly.
"You think I'm beautiful?"  I've been called many things, but never that.
Sherlock
"That's quite smart." I top off his tea. "Tell me something though, why did you leave your food and water?"
"You're leaving, then? Running off with the first person you meet? I can't protect you if you leave..."
"So he lives with you? Your folks must be quite proud of his skills. I'm sure they won't mind me popping over for a bit and asking young...? To make a batch for a departing soldier. What's your brother’s name?"
Sherlock looked at him with a blank expression. "I didn't do anything but get you a tree like you asked."
(3:45pm) *text to SH* My offer still stands* JW
"You really should do your research. I own property in central London. What do you think?" I wink.
"No. You don't need any brandy tonight." I know full well he's been drinking more than is healthy - one night without will make him cranky, but won't hurt him. "We should, however, get some sleep. I'd like to be back on the trail at sunrise."
"Looks like we're a bit further east than I thought. I'd say three days in goodish weather, five in bad, dead if worse." I pull the previously cooked rabbit out if the snow and break off a few chunks for our breakfast. "We leave as soon as your dressed."
"If you're just going to torture me all night..." I grumble, digging my fingers into his hips painfully.
I bring Myc over tea with a splash of Brandy. "Need to talk?" I bite the inside of my cheek and pinch my thigh to keep from laughing.
"I am quite comfortable right here" I wiggle into his lap, which confirms that the tea and the stew have had their desired effect. I gently stroke his neck, and lean his head against my breasts. "You comfortable, John?"
"It's cold." I grumble.
I look at Greg for a moment. "I think permanent would be acceptable, if the Lady would have me."
