He was looking forward to the wedding. It would be a chance to spend time with his sister, escape London, and sleep undisturbed through the night. He would miss Rosie, but Molly was right, it was only three days and he planned to make the most of it. He’d even bought a new suit for the occasion. Harry had tried to convince him to wear a kilt (
“Brilliant is the word I believe you are looking for – a brilliant deduction.” I step closer to his perplexed face. “Even we mortals can score one once in a while.”
Sherlock let go of his hand. Reached up and wrapped his hand around his neck and pulled him down, kissing him lightly on the lips. John pulled back and Sherlock caressed his cheek. Ran his thumb across John’s lips. “Sorry.”
“I simply helped Lestrade distinguish his arse from his elbow. Several people were subsequently arrested, Sumeet’s father among them.”
She walked back to the chair and sat down. She left the notebook where it was and leaned forward. “Did you want him to be?”
Sherlock turns to face me. He still does that, force of habit, I imagine. His hair is longer now and the scars around his eyes have faded. “I don’t know what it is,” he says. “It’s happened a few times, but I dismissed it.” He takes a breath like he doesn’t want to tell me the rest of it.  “Sometimes I think see the outlines of people too. But you would’ve told me if there was anyone else around.”
Greg grabbed a beer from the fridge, and sat on the chair at the desk. “So he’s back to himself then?”
She let her purse slide off her shoulder to the floor. She turned, hesitated, and sank into Sherlock’s chair. “When Chloe didn’t show up at the airport, I called her. She never left Ottawa. When I asked her if she missed her flight, she had no idea what I was talking about. Someone set me up. If it wasn’t Mary, then who the hell was it?”
“Sunday afternoon. I miss her too. You’d think I’d be more anxious to get home, but I feel like I’m walking away at half-time. I want to know how it all turns out. Sherlock is convinced Magnussen is the anti-Christ and he’s the only one who can set it right.”
“Sherlock, let me take a look at you. “ John walked over to the fireplace. “You’re sweating. A lot.”
“Fuck you.” His voice drained away, forgetting what he was going to say. He came back to himself to see Sherlock studying him. He was unsettled by how blue Sherlock’s eyes looked even in the dim bar. “I can almost understand Harry inviting you. Now that
Later in bed, when the silence between them stretches into minutes, Sherlock asks, “Everything all right, John?” He says things like that now, not often, but often enough to remind John that he’s paying attention.
Mycroft reached over and grabbed John by the collar. It shocked him so much he forgot everything he was going to say.
John followed and sat opposite him. “I almost died. But I didn’t.” He leaned forward and rested his hand on Sherlock’s knee. “It won’t happen again.”
John’s hand lazilystroked Sherlock’s chest, over his stomach, down his side. There was a bruise there, a big one, almost healed.
“Mr. Holborn’s assistant. She didn’t say her name.” He glanced up at the clock. “She did say she expected you’d be around before midnight to collect it. Made me promise to mail it to you if you never showed up. Gave me five quid for postage. It’s not so far, I probably would’ve dropped it off and saved myself the money.”
Kate followed the crowd up out of the Barbican Underground station and into the sunlight. Her directions said to take the 56 bus from the station, but she decided to walk – her only exercise in the last few days was moving from one chair to another. Despite the November chill, it felt good to be outside and walking. At least there was no snow here yet.
“Very good,” Sherlock says, smiling. He walks to the sofa, leans over in front of me and slowly unfastens the top two buttons of my shirt.
“The victim’s family should know who murdered their son. And what about the girl who went missing after the murder? I’m sure her disappearance is connected to Moriarty. What about her family?” She thought about mentioning Sherlock’s strange reaction to finding out her name, but decided against it. “What if this girl wasn’t just another one of Moriarty’s victims, what if she worked for him? What if she still works for him? I’m only asking if it’s possible Sherlock missed something.”
Kate threw up her hands. “Not everything is about you, John.” She turned back to Sherlock. “I need to know if you think Chloe is in danger.”
“Yeah, I thought maybe I could convince you to go home. Get some sleep.” She looked him over. “You’re starting to look a little ragged round the edges. Where is he, by the way?”
During Mass, John stood and sat and knelt, one eye on the family gathered in the first four rows and one on Sherlock. He listened as a soloist sang
John turned, his hands fisted at his side, his chest heaving. He spoke soft and low. “Unless one of you says something,
The bedroom is next to the lounge. A double bed, no bedspread, no sheets. I bend and look underneath. No murderers lurking there. A Victorian dresser sits heavily in one corner. I’m glad I’m not the one who had to carry that  monstrosity up three flights of stairs.  A poster for last year’s Van Gogh exhibit at the National Gallery is tacked to the wall over the bed.
“Mary is not here.” Sherlock said. “She was here. From what we can tell, she left Canada almost a month ago.”
), the door burst open, and John stood in the doorway, shakily holding up his Browning, being propped up, it would seem, by Banks, who shouted, “Gun, sir!”
“Charming,” Lestrade muttered as he carefully extracted three teabags. “I don’t even want to know where you keep the biscuits.
Dusk was falling and the breeze had turned sharp, almost biting. The last of the sunlight seemed to have settled in John’s hair and his eyes were bluer than the sky ever was. He shivered at the wind, hands jammed into his pockets. His shoulders were hunched and even though he gave Sherlock a grin, he looked afraid.
Sherlock ignored him and crawled back into the bed. “Oh bugger off.” He felt something poke into the side of his neck. He pulled the newspaper out from under the pillow and was about to toss it in the direction of the tedious ghost named John, when he caught a glimpse of the date.
John used his phone to check the week’s obituaries in the Telegraph. He was looking for a likely candidate.
He looked at her, his expression open and vulnerable, and she caught a glimpse of the boy he must have been – his head stuffed full of facts and figures about how the world was made, but not a clue about how it
Other articles criticized Magnussen’s closeness with the Conservative Party leader, David Cameron. In November 2011, his official spokesperson said that Magnussen and Cameron “were in regular communication” and “that there is nothing unusual in the prime minister talking to Charles Magnussen.” Others expressed concern that a foreign national had so much access to those in power in Britain. An anti-Magnussen blog started after Cameron’s election in 2011 ended six months later with a short entry reporting the suicide of the blogger, David Griffiths. When she searched for “David Griffiths” and “suicide”, she found an article on
“It was fine.” She wondered again why a DI pulled the rookie job of fetching her from the airport, but she was too polite – too Canadian, probably – to ask. “How far is it to Holmes’ apartment?”
John stepped back and let him in. “I need to lie down for a bit.”  He turned toward the hallway, then paused, leaning heavily against the sofa. “If I’m not out in an hour, come check on me.”
Later, they ordered lunch in the room – cold lamb sandwiches on fresh baguettes and the local ale. Only slightly less expensive than the steak dinner the night before. They sat in the two armchairs facing each other, plates balanced on their knees, bottles of beer on the floor beside them and talked – John about his new job (shite), new flat (more shite) and Sherlock talked about everything except Moriarty. There were silences, during which John thought, “How can we ever leave here?” But as long as neither dared say it out loud, he could pretend this room was the real world and everything beyond it a dream.
I hear Sherlock pronouncing his findings to Lestrade, and I pick up the book again, wondering how it could ever be considered bedtime reading. All that family angst . . . not to mention that interminable third act. As I put the play back on the nightstand, a small picture falls out of the pages and flutters to the floor.
“Well, ta for that one. Not sure I should be grateful though, Lewis is off sick so I got handed his case as I was leaving. And since you’re the genius, I thought I’d let you have a look.” He winked at John, who was very busy ironing the wrinkles out of his jeans with the palm of his hand.
He smiled and danced at John’s wedding. Pledged his undying love and loyalty. Two years undercover had made him an excellent liar. He left well before the last dance. Quarter notes on a page the only evidence that he’d been there at all. Another successful extraction.
He walked past Sherlock and Kate into the kitchen, took down a bottle of Jameson from the cupboard and splashed some into the bottom of a glass. He leaned back against the sink, emptied it in one swallow and quickly poured another.
They’d finished their toast (burnt) and eggs (John had never seen scrambled eggs that colour) and bacon (perfect) and traded sections of the newspaper back and forth until Sherlock finally said what he’d been waiting to say all morning. Or at least that was John’s take on it.
“When does she get back?” I ask. Sherlock has a hand on the doorknob and makes his escape before Washburn answers.
. Lestrade must have told him this was why she was here, but she still saw something like surprise flash across his face. “And now it’s an 8,” he said. She had no idea what he meant.
“Did you text Mycroft?” She was no fan of Sherlock’s brother, but maybe he was exactly what John needed. Assuming a smack upside the head was out of the question.
“Oh, there will be punishments, Sherlock,” he said as he closed the bedroom door with his foot. “And I wouldn’t call them pedestrian, either.”
Sherlock’s laugh was dry and short. “No.” He slid out of the booth and dropped a twenty pound note on the table.  “Not for lack of trying.” He turned and walked out the back of the restaurant.
Kate nodded. “Look, I meant to tell you before, but I didn’t get the chance. I’m going to move back to the hotel tonight.”
she typed. Her finger hovered over the send button. She shook her head and hit cancel before she could change her mind. Threw the phone back in her purse.
Now he was sure she was lying. She’d used that exact same voice last summer to explain how the tooth fairy took away the baby tooth from under his pillow and left him 10p. Three weeks ago he’d found an envelope marked
Greg smiled. “Please, after all we’ve been through?” He squeezed Kate’s shoulder. “How are you doing, Kate?”
I sleep in the afternoons. Rehearsing, I say, but he doesn’t see the humour. He draws the curtains and lies beside me, one arm wrapped tightly around my shoulder as if to anchor me in his world.
He tried to untangle himself from the sheets that had wrapped themselves around him in his sleep. He was soaked with sweat and his cock was hard, throbbing with what it thought it had been doing in his dream. He wrapped his hand around it, and he could still hear Sherlock’s voice in his head and taste him in his mouth, when he came.
She went through the pictures again. Sherlock wore the same expression in most of them – a tight smile that never quite made it to his eyes.
“Bullshit – I knew you’d tell me when you were ready.” She held out her hand for the paper. “Do you want to tell me or are you going to watch me read it?”
“Of course. But it describes the situation accurately. John is and will be forever questioning his decisions, his motives . . . not to mention mine . . .”
John got as far the landing before he had to stop. He waved at Sherlock to go ahead, but Sherlock paused and waited, one open hand trailing behind him. If Sherlock noticed the tremor in John’s hand, he didn’t say. The tremor was new, symptom number twelve if John were counting, which he wasn’t.
Some nights, before it had all come crashing to earth, they might have never made it to the bedroom. Some nights Sherlock had just shoved him to the floor or against the table. Some nights John would insist they turn off the lights and climb into bed properly, “like civilized humans,” to which Sherlock would usually roll his eyes and walk slowly to the bedroom, taking off every bit of clothing before he stopped at the door. Seduction had been a line of scientific inquiry for which John had been more than willing to serve as lab rat.
The well-dressed man (he’d yet to introduce himself) tapped the dark glass that separated them from the driver and the car pulled away smoothly from the curb.
. Sherlock had a habit of leaving him stranded. On street corners, in pubs, at New Scotland Yard. Once on a case in Sussex he’d driven off in the hired car while John was in the loo. What was unusual this time was that he’d paid the tab before taking a runner.
The dog – a Golden retriever mix we named Keller after we realized he was deaf – came with the cottage. He’s Sherlock’s dog now.  The deaf leading the blind. The world’s as mad as it ever was.
She was still holding the ring in her hand and now she opened her fist and stared at it. “I need to go home.”
Sherlock stood and busied himself with tucking his shirt back in. He recognised the warning signs of a full blown anxiety attack. “Excellent idea. You go think. I need to do the washing up.”
The car was waiting at the kerb outside the school. Banks held an umbrella over John’s head and helped him into the back seat. There was a steaming silver thermos in the mahogany cup holder. “Chamomile tea,” Banks said. “It might help.”
Sherlock’s eyes flew open and he closed his mouth and tried to push John’s shoulders, but John pressed harder against Sherlock’s chest and forced Sherlock’s mouth open and the familiar taste of tobacco and whisky and coffee cracked all the way down John’s chest. Sherlock moaned against his lips and John felt Sherlock’s hands on his waist and then lower and suddenly there was nothing in his head but this.
Sherlock wrapped his arms tighter around John and let gravity and momentum take them to the bed. John landed with an “umphfff” onto Sherlock’s chest, knocking his nose against Sherlock’s chin.
His sister had lived with Lauren in Edinburgh for almost two years now – Lauren had somehow managed to do what no one else had been able to, give her a reason to stay sober for longer than it took for dust to settle on a corkscrew.  Harry said (when she said anything at all about it) that Lauren always saw in her the person Harry wanted to be, so it was easy to become that for her. It sounded like a bit of touchy-feely nonsense to John, but Harry hadn’t had a drink in almost two years, so there must be something to it.
see the world, you see crime and murder and intricate machinations that only need to be deduced to be solved. But sometimes what you don’t see is under all those machinations are the motives. And under those motives are the true motives. Love or hate. Usually both.”
“Come here,” Sherlock said and when he did, he put his arm across John’s shoulder, and pulled him close. John let him, and after a moment, rested his head against Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock felt the familiar ache, a longing for what might have been. If only he’d been braver, more sure of John’s feelings. He dropped his arms and stepped back. It was too late. Things were as they were meant to be.
“Room 114.” The desk clerk handed him the key card and two yellow and black striped plastic bracelets. They looked like colourful versions of the ones worn by hospital patients. “These are for the “Magic of Beekeeping” tour tomorrow morning. The tour was booked and prepaid at the time of the reservation.”
“OK. David. I appreciate that you want to help, but there’s nothing you can do. Really.” His voice faltered. “I’m sorry but I need to shower.” He stood and carried both empty cups to the kitchen. When he came back, the vicar was gone. On the table beside Sherlock’s chair, David had left a white card with his e-mail address and phone number. John tossed it in the bin on his way to the shower.
He turned over, pulled the blankets closer. It was chilly in the bedroom, the heat from the fireplace long gone. He sat up and fluffed the pillow and lay back down with a sigh. The only noise in the room was Graham’s soft snore rising from the foot of the bed.
Sherlock turned to John. “It will always matter why.” He took out his own phone and texted something short. “And you do not have seventeen hours. I will not allow it.”
In the morning, Sherlock’s side of the bed was empty again – he was sitting in the armchair by the window smoking a cigarette, John’s roadmap of Britain spread over his lap like a blanket.
Sherlock started to apologise again, but John wrapped his one good hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulled his mouth down on his. Sherlock looped his arms around John’s waist and half-dragged, half-carried him to the bedroom, crashing against the doorway and toppling onto the bed in a mess of arms and legs. Sherlock was all around him, his brilliant hands dashing across John’s body, his hips pressing down on John.
Sherlock drank. He wiggled the empty bottle at John, who took it from him and set it on the desk, and moved to his chair. Sherlock sighed and looked at Kate, who sat on the couch (which she was now beginning to think of as the balcony seats), and wished for a Diet Pepsi.
Mycroft’s face lost all traces of a smile. “Not advisable John.” He sighed. “I didn’t want to have to do this, you know.”
The desk clerk was right – the room was lovely, the bed was lovely, the en suite was lovely – complete with Jacuzzi and a shower with more heads than he’d know what to do with – it was all fucking lovely. And the thought of spending a whole weekend in this lovely
“I thought you were at Baker Street.” Greg stood. He didn’t want any kind of disadvantage with Sherlock today. “How’s John?”
John shook his head. “Bollocks. I’ve got stomach ache and nausea. Low-grade fever. It’s food poisoning.”
John was trying hard not to feel like he was being crushed from the inside, trying very hard to remember how to breathe. “My guess is that the other partner, the one who thought he had been wronged, said things he didn’t really mean.” He took a breath. “I didn’t know how to take them back.” John glanced down at his watch. “Shit. I have to get back.” He pushed the chair away from the table and stood.
She sighed. “John has been in love with you for a very long time.” Mrs. Hudson stood, moved toward the door and looked back at him. “We’re offering you a chance to make things right. Don’t waste it or I shall be very cross with you indeed.”
“Then whose fucking place was it?” John swallowed the rest of his drink and looked at Sherlock. “Would you have ever told me?”
“Oh, it’s like that now, is it?” John said, running his hand slowly down Sherlock’s bare chest. He stopped when he came to the small round scar – still raised and red. It hurt to look at it, not only because of the damage it had done to Sherlock’s heart, but to his own as well.
He began the piece he wrote for John, his fingers moving blind and flawless over the strings. This John had never heard it, he’d written not long after John had moved to Sussex.
“Not exactly. Look, it’s too hard to explain on the phone. Can you pick me up at my hotel? I need to ask you some questions. About the night Sherlock was shot.”
John rolled his eyes and Sherlock was certain it was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. And he’d seen it before. Thousands of times. Thousands of situations. But not lately. Lately John preferred the old man
“John,” Sherlock said from the top of the stairs. “You’re acting irrationally.” His voice was low and shaky.
“There you go, my dear. We know how you love a good chase.” She hustled back to her flat and closed the door.
Sherlock unzips my trousers and slips to his knees between my open legs. “I lifted her fingerprints from the glass of water you thoughtfully offered her. The results came in while you were downstairs.”
When Lestrade appeared at the door, John watched as Sherlock’s features realigned themselves into stone. The moment had passed; Sherlock shook him off and went to ring Mycroft.
Harry had always been good in a crisis, being needed filled the same empty space in her that alcohol and bad relationships did. If she had chosen wedding planner or social worker instead of solicitor as career, she might have managed to stay sober for more than a month at a time.
The vicar appeared outside John’s door three days after Sherlock’s funeral. He stood in the hallway, fingering his collar nervously. He reminded John of every eager medical student he’d  ever trained. “I thought perhaps you might – “
John smiled and drew him closer, tilting his head to press his lips just under Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock kissed him, long and deep and low.
Mycroft lifted a hand and Anthea appeared from the shadows, holding a file. “If you won’t listen to me, perhaps you will believe this.” Mycroft slid the file to John.
"Come here," John murmurs, and Sherlock turns toward him, wrapping one hand around the back of John’s neck and kisses him softly. John leans up on an elbow, tilting his head, deepening the kiss. He runs his hand down the length of Sherlock’s body as he pulls the covers up over both of them. He falls asleep with his hand on the curve of Sherlock’s hip.
Sherlock stared out the window. When he turned back, the look on his face let Mycroft know he had won. And lost. Mycroft nodded to the driver and the car pulled away from the hotel.
“You’ll do no such thing.” She smiled and clasped her hands to her chest. “You’re never too old to enjoy a little romance.”
“Then why is no one arresting her? Attempted murder is still a crime here, isn’t it? Not to mention all the jobs she did for Moriarty.”
Sherlock opened his eyes and caught his breath because John looked perfect in that moment, and he was undone by the sudden need to know what John’s skin tasted like. He made his own wish then. That he’d be here long enough to find out.
The girl was probably not more than sixteen. She looked like a street kid, thin and pale, dressed entirely in army surplus couture. But when she smiled at Kate, she showed off a set of perfectly straight teeth that Kate guessed must have set her parents back a few thousand dollars. The nose piercing – a small diamond stud – looked expensive.
John’s shoulders began to shake. Sherlock leaned forward and rested his hand on John’s shoulder. “Sorry.” He took a breath. “Sorry,” he repeated, his voice thick.
Donovan appeared at his office door, coffee mug in one hand, plastic evidence bag in the other. She looked as tired as he felt.
Instinctively, she left the armchair to John. She dragged one of the chairs from the desk and positioned it between Sherlock and the armchair. She went to retrieve her computer from her bag by the door.
“Let me look.” John slipped into his trousers and came around the bed. “Don’t touch the stitches.” He reached for Sherlock’s head and Sherlock grabbed his hand.
Sherlock watched as John seemed to come to some kind of decision and he took Sherlock’s hand and headed toward the door. Their shoulders knocked together as they both tried to reach for their keys and the door flew open. Mrs. Hudson motioned them inside. Sherlock’s chest felt a twinge of hurt as John quickly dropped his hand, kicked off his shoes and headed up the stairs two at a time.
.” She pulled at her shirt self-consciously, closing the gap caused by the missing button. “Of course no one listens to me,” she added bitterly.
"What was that? It’s beautiful," John asked when he was done, coming over and leaning his hands on the back of Sherlock’s chair. Sherlock played the first part again, feeling John's knuckles against his shoulder and watching his reflection in the window.
John closed his eyes again and tried to think. Tommy Pearce. The only lead. Died of heroin overdose . . . heroin was easy to acquire in Afghanistan. Easy to find. Easy to use. Easy to sell . . .
“Hi yourself. Are you? High?” John glared at him, his feet firmly planted. “Because I should be on my way to an excellent pre-brunch shag with Sheri right now, instead of whatever the hell it is you’re doing . . .”
“Sheri was the worst shag you ever had.” The words just fell out of Sherlock’s mouth. His eyes opened wide as he remembered.
He opened the door and Kate stormed in. Anger had turned her fine features to stone. “Which one of you two motherfuckers told Mary about me?”
John never heard the end of the sentence because the knock on the door was so loud he was sure he felt it in his teeth.
She recognized John Watson when he opened the door. Shorter than she expected, older than he’d appeared on the YouTube clips. Dark circles under his eyes, like he hadn’t had a decent night’s sleep in weeks.
She had a sense of déja vu the next morning as she waited for Lestrade on the sidewalk outside her hotel. She’d half expected a call saying she’d been put off again. She’d stayed up late, going over her notes and reading John Watson’s blog. She’d made it up to the case he called “The Hound of Baskerville” before finally falling asleep.
Kate shook her head and sat back down. She’d only known him a few days, but she could distinguish sincerity from all the other bullshit that usually came out of his mouth. She pulled the chair closer to the bed. “I was just going to leave you the file. Didn’t think you’d be well enough by the time I left.”
She knew how this worked. Never say friend or colleague or girlfriend. You might as well say “I met him this morning.”  Always say family. “His sister.” The nurse looked sceptical. “From Canada,” she added.
Sutton picked up the picture. One finger traced the outline of Ronan’s smiling face. “Yes,” he said, a small smile playing at his edge of his mouth.
“Don’t be a fucking idiot. How long would you have kept this from me?” he shouted, his hand curling into a fist. For a moment, Kate thought John was getting ready to hit him. But then he paused and took a breath. When he spoke again, his voice was quieter, calmer. “You let me think you were dead for two fucking years. How long were you going to lie to me this time? Until the baby was born? Started school? Would you have let me spend my whole life believing a lie because it wasn’t your place to tell me the truth?”
Greg ran a hand through his hair. None of this made any sense. Tommy Pearce was an ex-soldier with a nasty drug habit and violent temper. Who had cared enough about him to avenge his death? Thank you notes seemed more appropriate.
“Not the outcome you had hoped for, I expect, but you may find a certain peace in knowing the man who killed Sarah is dead.”
Sherlock wasn’t going to last much longer, and then his orgasm was just rolling through him, wave after wave, until there was nothing left.
Sherlock ignores me. It’s what he does. I quickly order enough food for both of us. I know the minute I don’t, I will surely be accused of trying to starve him to death. I toss the menu back on the pile and go into the kitchen to get plates.
He carried the glass and the bottle back to his chair and sank into it. Sherlock glanced at the bottle, but said nothing.
Sherlock’s eyes were sliding shut. She stopped talking and looked over at John, wondering if she should continue.
Sherlock staggered back a step, but recovered quickly. He pressed his hand to his mouth and looked down to see if he was bleeding. He tilted his head and looked at John. “What was that for?” he said, sounding more curious than angry. “Change of heart?”
“Inspector Lestrade picked up John quite early, so it’s just you and Sherlock today,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Something to do with a new case, I expect. I had to push him out the door, poor dear, he hates leaving Sherlock alone.”
“Oi, there.” John set his tea on the bedside table and took Sherlock’s chin in his hand, staring at his eyes. “What did you do last night, eh?” His other hand slid down and grasped Sherlock’s wrist. “Your heart is beating too fast.”
“If I give up now, it would all have been for nothing. This way, at least you know the truth and I won’t feel like a complete bastard.” He smiled a sad sort of smile. “Even sociopaths feel guilt on occasion. You’ll go on as before and we’ll find a way to meet when we can. And you’ll wait for me.” It sounded like a question.
“I knew Moriarty lived in Canada – primarily Montreal and Ottawa – for several years before he moved back to Britain. Most likely from 1998 until mid-2002. He was a contractor then – murder for hire, extortion, that sort of thing. But he got bored. The smart ones always do.”
She used her iPad to log onto the internet. She went to YouTube and searched for Sherlock Holmes. The more she found out about him, the more curious she became. And if this case went well, if she managed not to make a complete fool of herself, maybe she could ask another favour of him.
“Roast beef, maybe. And get one for Sleeping Beauty in there. Ham and swiss. No mustard. I doubt he’ll eat, but we can try.”
“Good.” Her features softened, and her hand went to her hair, smoothing it. “Listen to me, going on about things I’m sure I know nothing about. I best be off.”
“I should go to my mind palace?” He looked at Mycroft. “Although you’d probably call it a mind skip.”
He was leaving Bogota on a flight to São Paulo in the morning. Some loose ends to tie up, then on to Montreal. There was evidence (old and extremely circumstantial) that one of Moriarty’s assassins (still nameless) was recruited out of Montreal or possibly Ottawa. There wasn’t much to go on, a dead MP ten years earlier, but he’d agreed to take a look.
Sherlock drummed his fingers against the table, then stood and pushed through the kitchen doors. He came back with two bottles of Cobra beer, a basket of warm naan and a plate of samosas. “We can start with these.”
Sherlock slides into his chair, staring at me, holding the glass in his fingers. He leans up and hands it back to me.
She spent the first hour wandering through the place. She picked up books, shook them, put them back. She dug through the refrigerator and found the only edible things were a wedge of cheese and a jar of pickled beets. She stood at the door to Sherlock’s room for a while, staring into the corners, wondering if Mycroft and/or Magnussen had the place bugged. She checked under the bed, behind the dresser, above the doorframe. When she was satisfied she was really alone, she stretched out on his bed and allowed all the facts to float above her head as she tried to put them in a logical order.
Twice he’d started a letter to Molly – they had arranged a mail drop in Holborn before he left London. Even Sherlock understood gratitude, and although he’d never actively practiced it before, he’d agreed to send her a post card every few weeks. Blank of course, but she’d know and it would be enough.
He closed his eyes and he was back in Surrey with Sherlock, the sky black and apocalyptic above them. They were tramping through a pasture, searching for a murder weapon Sherlock was convinced was buried there. When the rain started, John looked over and Sherlock had his head back with his eyes screwed shut, mouth open, his tongue out. For just a moment, John could see the boy Sherlock used to be. It was unexpected and something warm and right rose in his chest. If he hadn’t been British and a soldier by training, he might have recognised it as love.
“Not so fast. You will hyperventilate.” Sherlock patted her shoulder twice. “Just lean back. Your airway is obstructed.” He gently shoved her shoulders back against the chair. “There, now slowly breathe in and out, in a consistent and measured rhythm.”
I walk forward and take the bags from him. As I set them on the table I feel him press against me, one hand pushing up through my hair, his lips sucking on my neck. I grab the table with both hands and my head falls back as he reaches around and slides his fingers down my shirt, twisting a nipple.
– I love you and there’s someone who might try to do something . . . I don’t know for sure, but you need to get out of town – I know that sounds dramatic but just do as I say and go to Montreal – just until I get this figured out – visit your mother, go Christmas shopping. I’ll explain everything, I swear. Call me when you get this . . . on this number, not on my cell. Go to Montreal. And then call me. Okay, I’ll try to call you later.
Mycroft stood by the fireplace, talking into his phone in hushed tones.  He glanced over at Sherlock and slipped his phone back into his jacket pocket. “Shall I?” he asked.
“You were in his building the night you were shot – my theory is that she was there to kill him and you got in the way. According to the police report, there were two victims that night – you and Magnussen. What I haven’t figured out yet is whether you knew about Mary before you went there. My guess is no.”
A young girl – Sumeet’s daughter, he guessed – brought them a pot of tea and two cups. “Peace offering,” Sherlock said. He nodded at Sumeet who was standing behind the counter drying glasses. He got the barest hint of a shrug in return. “Sumeet may hold a grudge, but he also knows I didn’t tell Lestrade everything. Where would I eat if his mother was incarcerated?”
Sherlock smiled and set the teacup on the table. “There are . . . consequences to shooting a man in cold blood on Christmas in front of a dozen witnesses.”
There were few cars on the road at that hour and the ride took less than ten minutes.  More than enough time to read the Times article about the exhibit. The writer described the show as “a series of macabre photographs of children acting out the Mother Goose nursery rhymes. Jumping Joan in a straightjacket; Jeremiah Obadiah leaning against a bloody sink; Polly Flinders with whip marks across her back. This reviewer is torn between admiration and revulsion.”
When John didn’t come back, she cleared away the sandwich wrappers and chip bags. She tore a page from her notebook and scribbled a note, “
“Should I leave?” Sherlock asked. He said it lightly, but there was a hesitation there John didn’t recognise.
A shard of lightning cracked, and John automatically counted in his head, one thousand-one, one thousand-two, one thousand-three, before the thunderclap sounded. Mike stopped speaking, looked up and attempted a joke about how brilliant Sherlock was – even dead, he’d found a way to piss on everyone. John was the only one who laughed.
Sherlock paced back and forth. He needed to think. He recited the nursery rhymes again in his head. His grandmother had given him an illustrated volume of Mother Goose the Christmas before he turned eight. Mycroft had pronounced it juvenile and Sherlock hid it under his bed in his special box along with his maps and rocks and the dead bee he found on the windowsill. He recited them under his breath when his world grew too loud, the colours too bright.
The newspaper was lying on the bed and he picked it up. He looked at the date again – March 28, 2010. Why return to this day? Why not yesterday or tomorrow or ten years from now?
Simon looked surprised. “I half-expected you’d still be playing Hercule Poirot at dinner parties.” He turned to John. “It’s amazing the things Sherlock can deduce from the size of the bulge in one’s trousers.”
Truth was, in those final awful/amazing months, he’d spent most of his nights in Sherlock’s bed, not this one. They’d danced around the truth for more than a year before they finally found themselves where everyone else thought they’d been all along. And because it had been so long in coming, so hard won, John had made the same mistake that all romantics do. He thought it would last forever.
He changed into a clean jumper and went downstairs. Washed his face, combed his hair, brushed his teeth. He kicked off his slippers, and walked barefoot down the hallway towards Sherlock’s room. In the near darkness, he could see Sherlock was still asleep, sprawled out, one arm hanging over the edge of the bed. He coughed and half-turned onto his side, and his face looked calm and for a moment John let himself forget everything bad that had ever happened to them.
“I had a word with two of Fiona’s colleagues while you were busy chatting him up. She had lunch with them every day and she never said a word about Portugal. It is my experience that women –”
One more thing in case, well, just in case . . . look in on him from time to time, will you? Remind him to get on with things. Bring biscuits.
John peeked over the bed at the spilled jar, the liquid turning the wood floor an interesting green colour.
Chloe had taken the news better than she’d hoped and her superintendent was surprisingly (and suspiciously) sympathetic. And now Sherlock was being released from hospital and John had gone to fetch him home. Home. That’s what John had said to the doctor when he called to say that at this stage in his recovery, Sherlock would be more comfortable somewhere else. Kate had been around long enough to understand the code for
“Sherlock . . .” Lestrade laid a hand on Sherlock’s knee. “He’s going to make it. You got the antidote. The rest can wait.”
“Yes, fine.” Sherlock pulled the sheet up to his chest. He wasn’t sure what to do. What to say. Oh, he knew what he wanted to say.
John stilled for a moment and then slid out from under Sherlock, struggling to stand. Sherlock rolled himself into John’s chair and watched a symphony of doubt and longing and lust play across John’s face.
His body is not as forgiving as I am. There are more surgeries, more antibiotics, and for days words like ventilator and best-case scenario crackle in the air like storm warnings.
John’s eyes widened. “Tommy Pearce? You can’t be serious. If Tommy wanted to settle the score, he’d beat me to a bloody pulp on my way home from the pub. He wouldn’t be sending me nursery rhymes and poison darts. No fucking way.”
Greg pulled a folded sheet of paper from his jacket pocket. “Here. The only copy of the only report.” He slid it across the table. “I’ll need it back, though.”
“Well, I don’t know exactly. She’s been to visit twice. And of course we were there when the baby was born.”
“Lunch is ready!” Harry called up from the kitchen just as he was starting down the stairs.  She sounded exactly his like mother and for a moment he was ten again, heading down to tea, fingers crossed there would be enough biscuits left in the tin for everyone.
The house – new to Clara and Harry and old by any other standard – is large and comfortable and lit up like, well, a Christmas tree. Sherlock and John stand in the driveway and stare for a moment.
At three o’clock, he saved the file and shut the laptop. He needed some air – not all problems could be solved from the comfort of his chair. When he unconsciously whistled for Graham to follow him downstairs, he was glad he was alone. He bought a coffee and an apple at Speedy’s, headed to the corner and turned left.
There was a silence and Kate knew he was working out an answer. “Yeah, all right,” he said finally. “Give me half an hour.”
“Go crazy – it’s your inheritance you’re spending.” John stood too quickly and the room tilted sideways. He held onto the back of the chair and waited for the room to settle.
.  John found out two weeks after the fact. No one would tell him if his report had even made it into evidence. Pearce’s Sergeant came to visit John a week later, shouting at him that narking on Pearce was the real crime.
She stood on the sidewalk outside the hotel at 9:30 the next morning watching for Greg’s car, computer case in one hand, a Starbucks Venti coffee in the other. She was tired – she’d spent most of the night trying to convince herself that Mary Morstan
He reached for her hand. “Jean-Guy Therrien is an inmate at Archambault Prison near Montreal. Eighteen months ago, he was two years into a ten year sentence for the sexual assault of his ex-girlfriend’s daughter when a second woman came forward and accused Therrien of assaulting her. Given the overwhelming evidence against him, he knew he would be convicted if the case went to trial. So he attempted to negotiate.”
“So you know what it’s like.” He remembered reading the stories out of Basra. The heavy casualties on both sides. The withdrawal from the city that the politicians painted as a badly managed retreat. Then there were the pictures in the
My arse is pressed against the table and I lift a bit and he pushes me onto it, taking one hand to sweep away everything, including the already forgotten tikka masala, onto the floor. He is relentless, roughly tugging my belt open, unzipping my trousers and shoving them down my legs. I struggle to get a better position on the table and he takes my cock in his mouth and my head falls back, hitting a saucer and the sugar bowl. I reach up, trying to bat them away and Sherlock reaches up and grabs my hand, entwining our fingers as he slides my cock in and out of his mouth. I squeeze his hand hard and my other hand reaches for his head. My legs are trapped in my trousers and pinned against Sherlock so all I can do is lift my arse as he takes my cock all the way to the hilt, sucking and scraping his teeth gently as his lips squeeze against the shaft. I bang my head again on the table, lost somewhere between coming and dying and I feel the vibration as Sherlock begins to growl against my cock and I can’t see anything and I can only feel the waves as I come in his mouth.
After the blue light fades, I open the drapes and blink against the late afternoon sun. “Theory?” I prompt. There’s always a theory.
John looked over to her. “Fetch a glass of water,” he said. “Please.” John continued speaking softly to Sherlock. "It's all right. Breathe slowly. That’s it. Good." He kept talking until the worst seemed to be over. He took the glass from her and held it to Sherlock’s lips.
I wonder if this is how Sherlock feels when it happens to him – I can almost feel the gears in my brain clicking into place as it all comes together as the brilliant ending to a much better TV show where the angsty detectives are  never clueless and discover all the clues and all the murderers.
John poured beer into his glass. “Yeah, I guess I’ve just been thinking . . . he’s been quiet. Can’t help but wonder if it’s the calm before the storm.” He poured the other bottle into Sherlock’s glass.
Now he unlocked the front door, took the stairs two at a time and pushed into the kitchen. He heard Mrs. Hudson downstairs, rattling something, her radio turned to the classics, but he didn’t stop. He couldn’t talk about what he’d seen. Not yet. Not until he was sure. If there was thing he knew for certain about Mary, it was that she was a liar. Maybe what he’d seen was just another lie. He leaned against the table, trying to decide what to do next.
She turned to face him. “I don’t. But if you feel the need to bully me, Mr. Holmes, then I’m the one who’s disappointed.” She left the case by the door and sat down.
“All heroin is basically the same. It’s the concentration and impurities that differ from sample to sample.  I only noticed because I ran your sample a few hours before the Bellamy sample. The profiles are the same, John. Exactly the same. I ran every control I could think of.” She paused and took a breath.
That’s when he noticed the light. It was streaming in from the window to the right of his bed. He didn’t have a window to the right of his bed. Not anymore. Not since 221 . . .
“I vote for Mycroft.” John sat back in his chair and crossed his arms. “And just how is Mary incidental?”
“Perhaps they do if they want something badly enough.” Sherlock pulled down his tie and undid his top button. John watched the small triangle of skin at the base of Sherlock's neck move as he spoke.
“I’ll bring him home,” John had said into the phone. He’d turned to Kate and smiled. “He’s coming home.”
“Admit it John. Under all that congenial, soldiers-in-arms bluster, you must be feeling a bit, oh I don’t know, superior.”
His dream. He shook his head. He must still be dreaming. He lay back down, pulled the covers up and closed his eyes tight. He would just wait until he woke up properly.
“We all are,” she snapped. She paused and cleared her throat. “I rang one of my old professors – he’s spent most of his career studying aflatoxins, I’m waiting for him to ring me back. I can say that based on the concentration of the residue in the dart and John’s symptoms, our original twenty-four estimate may be optimistic.”
Sherlock complains that John watches too much telly. What he really means is that John doesn’t watch the programmes he likes.  He complains that John talks in his sleep. John asks him how he knows and he says that John’s snoring keeps him awake.
“How did you do it?” Sherlock is suddenly next to me. His hand brushes my shoulder as he reaches around me to get a glass.
Later, John stood at the window, his back to Sherlock, and stared for a long time out at the night, trying hard not to think about Mary, or Magnussen, or how his life lay in pieces at his feet. John thought of these past few months like a ball of string unravelling, falling down an endless flight of stairs. He knew now that the only way to stop it was to get ahead of it and the only way to get ahead of it was to trust Sherlock.
Sherlock hates John’s clothes (another green jumper, John, really?), his taste in books, his sister. Over the past week, he’s accused John of cheating at cribbage, using all the hot water, hiding the biscuits.
John walked over to him. Sherlock looked up and smiled and John’s heart did that little flip-flop thing it always did. Sherlock’s eyes were tired, his hair was still damp from the shower, combed flat against his head—he looked both younger and older at the same time. He smoothed out the folds of the map with the flat of one hand. “So many places I’ve never been,” he said.
Sherlock opens one eye, murmurs something unintelligible and sighs, curling into John’s touch. Like always, John feels a hot coil of anticipation tighten deep in his belly. In the beginning, they couldn’t be bothered with a bed. The slow striptease of seduction hadn’t been necessary – they’d done it in the shower, in the back seat of cabs and on the kitchen floor. They’d joked about lost buttons and broken shoelaces and talked about swearing off zippers entirely.
John nods - he is all right, he's more than all right. He's happy, which is surprising, since there are too many people in the house and the children will probably wake them up too early tomorrow and Sherlock will pout that there is no wine with dinner and no brandy afterwards. But he's filled to the brim with a sort of deep contentment, and he whispers to Sherlock, "Thank you for this."
? What he did wasn’t a threat, not really. More like trying find out what buttons he could push. But
“Yeah, okay.” John slumped back in the cab and stared out the window. They’d gone a few blocks when he asked, “Do you know The Blind Beggar?”
“As sure as I can be. I also rang someone I know at SOCA. He said that the odds of these two heroin samples being identical are remote. The supply in London is always changing. They sell to distributors in small batches to make sourcing the heroin more difficult.”
Sherlock is flushed when they pull apart. "What was that for?" he demands, and all John can do is shrug, unable to keep the smile from spreading across his face. “It’s Christmas.”
“No, not a sister . . . but someone close. Not your mother. Mothers don’t usually cause this kind of devotion to their death. Mothers are supposed to die-“
Sherlock pulled John close. “I am doing no such thing. I am wondering though, when we can stop talking about babies and start talking about things that really matter. Like dinner.” He gestured to the bed. “And . . . bed. We need to make the most of these last few moments of freedom before . . .”
He was confused for a moment, thinking disjointedly that he shouldn't be cold; there was a good reason why he shouldn't be cold. Then he realized that there were no blankets, and he remembered tossing the covers away, saying to John, "Who needs blankets, you're basically a space heater," as he lay back down, curling around John, both of them warm and sweat-slick. “Call in sick again tomorrow,” he’d whispered in John’s ear before falling back to sleep.
“If you know that, then you probably also know it had something to do with the private member’s bill he was planning to introduce in Parliament. The bill would have restricted mining rights in his riding. When he died, so did the bill.”
He took his time with the cookies. When he was done, he brushed the crumbs carefully from his t-shirt. She could almost see the wheels turning in his head. Finally he said, “I traced Moriarty to the same government job you did. It’s reasonable to assume he was contracted to kill Peter Goodale. That’s all I know.”
It was still raining when the service ended. Everyone huddled by the door, looking at the sky for signs of clearing. John brushed by them, past their murmured condolences and whispered concern, out into the rain. He stood in the churchyard on the drenched grass and lifted his face to the sky.
“Did John leave her when he found out? Poor John, he finds out his wife is not the good nurse he imagined her to be – and then you get shot. How did he find out, by the way?”
He opened the wardrobe and reached around – it was exactly where it was supposed to be. He pulled it down and sat on the bed, the cigar box on his lap. Inside were two unopened packs of Mayfairs and a lighter. A loaded gun. A small bag of cocaine. His hand hovered over the cocaine for a few seconds, but he settled on the safer choice. He lit the cigarette with shaky hands and took a long drag, letting the smoke fill his lungs.
“Hannah Bantry in the Pantry. An obscure choice. Since Professor Sutton is dead, it might be wise to determine who sent this one.”
“So everyone keeps saying.” She scraped her plate for every last crumb of chocolate cake and finished her coffee. “Can I ask one more question?”
It’s my turn to leave him now. In this small house, I measure out the time that remains. I've become miserly, penny-pinching the days and weeks, reluctant to spend even one.
She stood at the bottom of the stairs to block his way, one hand on the bannister, the other against the wall. “We have to talk.”
“Okay, see you later.” John stood, leaned over and gave Sherlock a quick kiss. He looked at Sherlock and frowned. “What?”
He dropped her off at the hotel at 11, with a promise to pick her up the next day at the same time. Her room wasn’t ready so she checked her suitcase and carried her computer case to the Starbucks at the corner. She wanted to review the file one more time, to look at it with fresh eyes. She’d strung together a series of random facts – a dead MP from Alberta, a receptionist, a government worker named James Moriarty – and came up with a theory that could possibly connect them. She needed Sherlock Holmes – the expert on all things Moriarty according to Interpol – to take a tour of the straw house she’d created and either turn it into something solid, or like the Big Bad Wolf, blow it all down.
He’d left his laptop on the kitchen table, and he took it into the living room and sat on the couch with a glass of water and a blanket. It was all routine by now. On mornings like these, he kept his mind busy and crammed with static to keep from remembering the nightmares.  Reading helped. He’d started writing again too. Not the blog, not yet. Instead, he’d sketched out the outline of a book about his time in Afghanistan. He was rubbish at writing anything longer than a blog post, but he was trying.
John turned to Kate and pointed a finger. “You have nothing to say about it. Why the hell are you even still here?”
John said, “Of course I believe you,” and you knew then you’d carry the weight of that belief forever.
John took a reluctant step, staring at Sherlock’s face. “If this is some kind of experiment . . . I will kill you in your sleep, you know that, right? I was a –”
She was starting to think of the couch as her spot – she’d spent enough hours sitting there over the last few days. She found the file after John had left to fetch Sherlock from the hospital and had been very interested to read how he’d figured out that the suspect had borrowed his sister’s shoes to avoid detection. She would have to remember that one.
John got out of bed and turned on the floor lamp. The pale yellow light threw long shadows across the floor. “I’ll get your tea. Stay there.” He reached down on the floor for his trousers. He turned and saw Sherlock watching him.
“We found a scrap of paper in his pocket that had the private number to the switchboard at Vauxhall Cross. And your brother’s name.”
John frowned. “Don’t make jokes. Not about this.” He wasn’t sure he could say any of it again. Wasn’t even quite sure he really believed it yet, but here it was – his almost forgotten happily ever after fantasy.
Sherlock, still bent over the microscope, looked up. “If you can’t find them, I suppose I can re-use the old ones. But really, John, you need to pay more attention to things.”
in her top drawer. He hadn’t told anyone yet, but he’d begun to have his doubts about Father Christmas, too.
John turned the corner and felt the familiar pain grip his chest. This was the place he’d hoped to find his happily ever after Sherlock. He’d been so angry with him for being dead and later, so angry with him for not staying dead. Sherlock’s return had made John’s life with Mary seem small and foolish.
“I know enough. Met him, hated him, dismissed him. Besides, he was too busy trying to get me on the next plane home.”
“No, I need to focus, John.” Sherlock winced and shifted again in his chair. He waved his hand. “I’ll take a pill later.”
Sutton didn’t blink. “Yes. I found out when he was twelve. Ran into his mother at Tesco – I hadn’t seen her since we went our separate ways. Thomas was with her and I knew in an instant. She denied it, of course.  Silly cow.”
He took the bottle and his laptop back to his chair. He poured two fingers into the empty cup beside him and brought it to his lips. He stopped for a moment and listened. To the sounds in the street. To the clock in the kitchen. To the quiet meanderings of Mrs. Hudson below him. To his old life. It was like a symphony of comfort he hadn’t even noticed he missed. He heard the bell jingle as the door to Speedy’s was opened and he took a quick drink. Maudlin was for old men. He had work to do.
“C’mon, you need to go to bed too,” John said a half hour later. They had fallen silent after Kate left. John stared at Sherlock over the rim of the glass, Sherlock stared at the mantle, lost somewhere down a dark hallway. If John closed his eyes, he could almost imagine they were back in time, back before Mary and the baby. Back before the roof at Bart’s. Back when he knew exactly what would come after this part.
Kate followed them down the hallway, ready to help. She stood at the door and watched John ease Sherlock back into bed. Sherlock was quickly losing the battle to keep his eyes open and his words were beginning to slur. “John, another pillow.”
“Bollocks,” he muttered to himself. If he were honest, he liked it here and he wanted it to be real. He liked solving Lestrade’s cases. He liked kissing John and was certain he would really like where they were headed. He closed his eyes and allowed himself to see everything that had happened – and was now to happen again. The picture grew darker the longer he imagined it.
But what had she told John? Families had the right to know what happened to their loved ones. No matter how painful the truth. She believed that, it was why she had joined the Cold Case Unit. But the truth had only brought John unhappiness. Would he have been better off not knowing about Mary’s past? About the baby?
Rosie was a nurse now, with two teenage children and an ex-husband to whinge about. Her text said she was bringing John by for a visit today. Before lunch, she promised. “Give you two a chance to catch up.” Sherlock couldn’t decide if she was being ironic, what could they possibly have to catch up on? Neither of them did anything worth talking about. “I’ll be back to fetch him after tea.” Only he never showed up and it was half-four already. He sighed. Next week, then. Nothing to be done about it.
“My cigarette . . .” “It’ll burn itself out. It’s time you quit smoking again. A man should only have one vice at a time.”
you get shot . . .” she repeated. Greg had said Sherlock couldn’t – wouldn’t – identify the shooter. She stood and busied herself with clearing away the cups. She thought better when her hands were occupied. Sherlock’s eyes followed her.
John chuckled and sat up straight, wiping the sweat off his forehead with his sleeve. “I’ll believe that when I hear it from someone who’s gone first.”
She went looking for the washroom. It was next to the bedroom and she stood at the door, listening to John and Holmes argue.
When she looked up, both Sherlock and John were staring at her. “What? It was voicemail – what was I supposed to say?”
Sherlock didn’t answer, just took her arm, led her across the street – against the lights, to a chorus of honks, and onto a small bench next to a tree, a trash can, and a statue of Terry Fox. The Parliament buildings loomed in the near distance and a handful of tourists walked by, snapping pictures and chatting.
John took a deep breath. Fucking Mycroft was right. Sherlock was right. Kate was even right. He had to stop thinking of Mary as Mary Watson. The woman he loved.
He was bored after John moved to Sussex with Rosie. Lonely too. So he filled his time with a series of distractions. Mastered Chinese and Japanese. Wrote a book on the forensics of British soil. Composed a violin concerto. Hacked into John’s email. Wrote long letters he never sent.
John smiles when he sees you, leads you into the bedroom and pushes you onto the bed. He leans over you, pulling off your muddy shoes, sliding your shirt over your head and fussing about the stitches. He’s touching you, his hands washing away the dirt and blood and you try to tell him you’re sorry but his mouth is on yours, stealing your breath, and his hand is pushing into your pants and all you can think is
“Dr. Franklin rang while you were asleep. He wanted to know if there was any change. He said he’ll be at Barts when you . . . well, when you decide it’s time . . .”
At the nurse’s station, after waiting ten minutes for the nurse to acknowledge she was standing there, Kate was told Sherlock had been brought to his new room downstairs directly following the scan. “Didn’t anyone tell you?” she asked, barely lifting her eyes from the screen.
After everything was washed and dried and put away, the floor swept, a week’s worth of newspapers collected and arranged on the floor by Sherlock’s chair, he climbed the stairs to his own room. He wanted to lie down, close his eyes and sleep for a very long time.
Sometimes, usually late at night or when he’d had too many whiskeys and too little sleep, he let himself believe that if Sherlock had chosen to live, if he’d found the courage to face the mess Moriarty had left behind, they might have had a chance together. . .
“Vauxhall Cross is where he works – when he’s in London, I mean.” Her accent slipped. Rich girl playing street kid. “007 headquarters.” She paused and looked at Kate. “I like your accent.”
. Take whatever information Sherlock gave you about Moriarty and go home. Forget about Mary Morstan.”
Sherlock’s mouth hovered between a grimace and a smile and John the doctor, knowing full well it was all pheromones and nerve endings and not a well thought out idea at all, dipped down and kissed Sherlock hard on the mouth.
But now she was glad she was alone – except for two old ladies discreetly looking her way as they strolled past. She wiped her eyes with the scarf and gave them a nod. They smiled and carried on. She took a deep breath and slipped the ring off her finger, putting it on the opposite hand.
John laughed. She’d not heard that sound before. “Shut up, Sherlock.” He stood, took Sherlock’s hand and pulled him up and for a brief, stupid moment Kate thought they were going to dance. Sherlock coughed and made a great show of rearranging and retying his dressing gown before limping to his chair and sitting down.
Why would Charlotte lie and say that Fiona was her sister? She must have known Sherlock would check. And why would a girlfriend wait almost two weeks? If Sherlock didn’t show up for tea, I’d be out looking for him before bedtime. Unless . . . unless it’s all just a bit of theatre.  I slip the picture back into the book and Sherlock appears in the doorway.
“God, no.” He remembered that John didn’t find out about the explosion until the next morning because he’d spent the night at Sarah’s. That clearly wasn’t going to happen this time. He only hoped that particular sequence of events didn’t matter, but he couldn’t be sure. The absence of Freddy the Torch proved that.
He felt something break inside him, felt a lump in his throat and a shredded pain in his heart. He stumbled back and sank into his chair. He couldn’t have been given this chance with John only to have Moriarty snatch it back. The universe could not be that cruel.
“Hardly,” he said. “We almost never kidnap anyone anymore.” He smoothed an invisible wrinkle in his trousers. “Shall I get to the point?”
he realized with a start. And if he were honest with himself, it had all gone wonky the minute Sherlock returned. The wedding had been nice, the honeymoon nicer. How many chances did one get to upstage Sherlock Holmes? But the picket fence future he had clung to those first nights with Mary, when she had rescued him from the endless nights without Sherlock, had all seemed moot the moment Sherlock appeared in front of him, champagne bottle in hand, saying all the wrong things, in all the right ways.
“Absolutely not.” John pulled his head away and shoved against Sherlock’s chest. “No. No way. You are going nowhere near my daughter with your experiments.” All the doubt that had been kissed away was back with a vengeance.
The waitress set a glass of Chapinero on the table. He pulled a 20K note from his wallet to pay her and noticed the yellow and black bracelet tucked inside. He should have thrown it out when he found it in his trouser pocket the day Mycroft extracted him from the hotel, but his feelings for John had apparently transformed him into a sentimental lovesick girl. The fact that he thought of them as his “feelings for John” only confirmed it.
Greg sipped his beer and took a long while opening both bags of crisps. He pushed one across the table to John. “How are you?”
Sherlock talked and John listened. When Sherlock was done, John leaned forward and laid one hand on his knee. “You still should have told me, you bloody selfish twat.”
The apocalypse was well, apocalyptic. No plagues or alien invasions. No zombies. Hollywood got it all wrong.  Turns out if you cram enough disease, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, droughts and fires into one summer, the planet can’t cope.
After fifteen minutes, she turned the corner and saw the hospital in front of her. She couldn’t help but look up and imagine Sherlock standing on the ledge.
He retrieved the cane and closed the door – less gently than he probably should have – and walked as evenly as he could manage over to Greg. Last thing he needed was someone else trying to psychoanalyse him.
Greg kept up a steady stream of small talk all the way to the airport. The engagement ring had made him nostalgic. He told her how he’d proposed to his first wife, who was in love with all things Scottish, on a trip to Edinburgh. How she proved it two years later when she left him for the new office manager at the insurance company where she worked. He had transferred to London from Inverness and had a brogue so thick, every time he spoke, Greg expected to see sub-titles running across his chest.
She took her time, wanting to give Holmes time to get settled. When she returned, John had cleared away the tea and Sherlock was sitting in the leather chair wearing sweat pants and a faded white t-shirt under a blue silk bathrobe.
John came first, his head back, his hands holding tight to Sherlock’s shoulders, his breath an exploding hiss of “Sherlock . . .”
John kissed him again, softer and slower now, before pulling back and letting his head fall on Sherlock’s chest.
John gave him two points for remembering his favourite drink. Minus a million for everything else. John emptied the glass in one swallow. He eyed Sherlock’s glass.
happy. It helped to think of the months following Sherlock’s death like rehab , his goal was to simply live through as many days as it took for his body to make room for his grief, for his brain to learn how to process a future without Sherlock. Harry had accused him of being addicted to Sherlock. She wasn’t far wrong.
“Because for one thing, she’s carrying my baby. She’s not going to kill the father of her baby, no matter what files you have on her, no matter what you think she’s done in the past . . .”
Kate frowned. Did she say something to spook her? Obviously Mary/Anna had instructed her parents not to tell anyone about her. But her life as an international assassin had not prepared her to deal with a mother who knows best about her daughter. Fatal flaw it would seem.
I take a tissue from the box on the dresser and pick up the picture. I stare at it, my brain stubbornly refusing to draw conclusions. Fiona Miller in a bikini. Palm trees. Fruity drinks with small umbrellas. Our client leaning across the table to kiss her. On the lips. I look behind me, to make sure Sherlock is still in the lounge. Because I want to find something on my own? Because I want to prove him wrong?  Because all men are ten-year-old boys at heart?
It's getting close to the end as I'm beginning to bump up against canon. I can lead them all to Appledore, but can I make it all make sense?
Fifteen minutes later, Sherlock felt well enough to use the toilet and change his blood-stained t-shirt. He walked back from the bedroom, leaning heavily against John, and settled into his chair. John grabbed a bottle of Evian from the fridge, opened it and set it on the table beside Sherlock.
Sherlock got his hands between them, undoing John’s belt, pulling down the zipper like he’d done it a thousand times before. He reached in and pulled him out, his hand warm around John’s cock.
I stare at the picture on the floor.  It’s just like in the movies – those badly plotted, badly acted TV shows where the detective solves the case in the last ten minutes after wandering clueless through the first fifty.  Pictures and letters falling out of books and overheard conversations figure prominently. Mrs. Hudson is keen on them. I keep her company. The only thing missing here is the swell of violin music.
Sherlock said once how he liked the look of a map, “all that strange geometry of roads coming together and parting, over and over.” John had nodded, even though he didn’t really understand what he meant.
“You’re a right bastard, aren’t you?” he hissed. He would have taken aim again if his hand didn’t hurt so much.
“Not even for you, John.” Sherlock pulls at my shoulders and I reluctantly crawl my way up his body until my head is tucked into his chest. He wraps a long leg around my arse. Sighs and absently strokes my nipple.
He leaned his head against the door and counted to ten. At nine and a half, the door swung open and John stumbled/fell into Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock let go of the door and grabbed John by his shoulders. John tried to get his feet under him, but he was too far forward and only managed to propel them both farther into the room.
She shook her head and walked down the hall. She’d call tomorrow and invite them – all three of them – to dinner at her place. She couldn’t believe it. Sherlock Holmes with a baby. She pushed the elevator button and leaned against the wall. It had been a long day. She twirled Sarah’s ring on her finger, reached for the phone in her pocket and called Chloe.
When Molly spoke, her voice was stronger. “It’s just that . . . how certain are you that this is about Sherlock?”
John pressed his hand against the bruise lightly, knowing it didn’t hurt anymore, just wanting to be sure that he was all in one piece.
– The streets are empty at this hour. Sherlock’s window is rolled down and the air blowing through the cab is damp and cool, and smells of something I can’t place. I ask him and he says, “It’s the city breathing, John.”
“I’m not. I just –” He blinked at him, and looked back out the window, one hand resting on the seat between them.
He watched John shrug and run a hand through his hair. He marveled at John’s unrelenting talent for choosing bad jumpers. He would have understood if they’d been chosen for John, gifts from his mother or an elderly aunt, but he’d actually seen John order several online. From a website in Canada that apparently specialised in ill-fitting jumpers in odd colour combinations. This particular one was dirty snow.
Mycroft rose from the seat, careful not the touch any surface. “Words are power, John. They can be the bridge that rescues you or the rope that hangs you.” He placed a hand on John’s shoulder. “I leave you to your evening.” He followed Anthea to the door, already on the phone.
“It’s fine, dear. More than fine, it sounds like.” She set the plate on the table, leaned over and kissed him lightly on his cheek. “Thin walls, I’m afraid.”
She sat in the chair by the bed, not wanting to wake him. She was so tired, she’d been up for almost twenty hours now with not much more to eat than cookies and two chocolate bars. If she ever made it back to the hotel, she was going to order the full breakfast from room service, have a shower and sleep for twelve hours.
His new flat was shite. Too small, too damp, too depressing. But it was close to the clinic where he’d just been hired, closer still to The Blind Beggar, a pub as cheap as it was anonymous. The blog had made him, if not as recognizable as Sherlock, vaguely familiar to almost everyone he met. In the fortnight after Sherlock’s death, he’d refused to leave Baker Street. Greg had stayed with him at first, pouring whiskey and playing nursemaid. But after the funeral—he’d never forgive Sherlock’s parents for not attending—he hadn’t gone back. Mrs. Hudson packed up John’s clothes and the computers and sent them on to his sister’s. He spent days trying to hack his way into Sherlock’s laptop, but Sherlock had locked everyone out. He thought about asking Mycroft, but that would mean giving him first dibs on what was hidden there. He knew it was sentimental and stupid, but John had hoped to find something Sherlock had written about him – about
Sherlock took a breath. “What exactly do you know?” John gave him extra points for not shaking the information from her.
“Sherlock?” John said a little while later. They were lying side by side on their backs, shoulders and fingertips touching. “One thing I still don’t understand.”
They headed back to Barts. John needed more anti-nausea medicine. Molly needed to identify what killed Bellamy. They all needed to feel like they were getting somewhere. Presumably Sherlock needed something too, but he wasn’t talking. Lestrade’s team had found no new possibilities and the last conversation with Mycroft was not what either of them wanted to hear. No chatter. No leads.
“Then it will get infected and you will die.” John pressed an alcohol swab against Sherlock’s head. “And you’ll have a scar.” John laid his hand on Sherlock’s chest.
“More like relieved. Like my oncologist just told me that my terminal disease turned out to be gas pains.”
John took the phone from Sherlock and read the text. “Yesterday, you were whinging about how bored you were. So bored you were talking about flying to Minsk. What are you playing at?”
She heard the bedroom door open and slammed the file shut. John walked into the kitchen, turned on the tap and filled the kettle. She walked to the doorway. “Everything okay?”
An erection. His eyes flew open and he raised his head and lifted the sheet and stared at the outline of his penis, straining against the cotton of his pajama bottoms. He fell back against the pillow and looked at the ceiling, thinking.
“John?” Sherlock said one night. It was six months after they’d finally admitted to each other what everyone else had known all along. They lay together side by side, shoulders touching, John’s leg snaked around Sherlock’s.
Greg scrubbed his face. “Well, we need to narrow that down. How about those with connections to Afghanistan?”
He sounded sympathetic and that frightened her. “Just tell me.” She sat up straighter. Closed her eyes and held her breath. She’d waited almost six years for this moment.
“No, you’ve been very patient.” The waiter appeared and cleared their dinner plates. He ordered dessert – two pieces of chocolate cake, two coffees. “Unless you want tea,” he added.
Your eyes slide closed and a door in your mind palace cracks open – sunlight scraping under the door. Baker Street.
“Not right away. But then his mother died and there was no reason not to tell him.” Sutton straightened and pointed a finger at Sherlock. “But now you can answer a question for me.”
The front seat was littered with empty coffee cups and old papers. Kate had started to collect them when the woman shovelled them all to the floor with one sweep of her hand. “Mind where you step,” she said.
Sherlock climbed into bed and John turned and kissed the palm of Sherlock’s hand. He felt something shift in him, like the calm that comes after a storm. Maybe John was right and the worst was over. But then he felt a twisting in his gut. Maybe the calm was really just the eye of a hurricane.
John reached up to Sherlock’s trousers, pulling his shirt out, running a hand up his chest. Sherlock took in a breath. John unfastened buttons, unzipped zippers, touching, massaging, watching Sherlock’s face between moves. When John had Sherlock’s nipple in his mouth, and his hand around Sherlock’s cock, Sherlock amended his last thought.
He closed his eyes and there was something in his expression that made her feel like she’d just kicked a puppy. She reached out and rested one hand on his arm. She expected him to pull away, but he didn’t. “I’m sorry . . .”
“I’m not that drunk.” John muttered. He tugged his jumper over his head and let it drop to the floor. Stepped out of his trousers. “And don’t act like this is all part of your grand plan, eh?” He slid into bed beside Sherlock. “I had a wife and baby five minutes ago.”
. “I don’t have the correct spatula, and Mrs. Hudson will not answer my queries, so I hope you like scrambled.” He stepped into the room. “Do you think this juice is juice?” He held up a jar of yellowish liquid.
Sherlock grabbed the picture from the bookcase and tossed it on the desk. “Ronan Pearce is your grandson.”
Sherlock sat. He crossed his legs, and then uncrossed them. He picked at a loose thread on the armrest. He chewed on his lower lip. He pulled out a pack of cigarettes from his jacket pocket. John mouthed “no” and Sherlock put them back.
“They taught us that, too.” Kate smiled. “Make the suspect feel at ease, like you’ve got all the time in the world.”
She bent down and picked up her purse from the floor. Retrieved the phone and entered her password. She scrolled until she found the text and handed him the phone.
“Sorry,” they both said and then Sherlock was taking the glass from John’s hand and pulling him up from the chair. He set the glass on the side table and leaned forward. He hesitated but John nodded and his mouth was on John’s again. John kissed him back, because this time it didn’t matter why Sherlock was kissing him, only that he was. When he pulled back there was a sigh falling from Sherlock mouth onto John’s lips and for a moment he looked at John liked he’d never seen him before, like he was something he never expected.
“And it’s not good. At first I thought the compound was synthetic since it didn’t match anything we’d seen before – but now I’m not sure. It looks like an aflatoxin but seems faster acting than most of the published studies I can find.”
Twice he considered calling John, once when Mycroft casually referenced John’s “friend” Mary Morstan, and then after he stopped mentioning her at all.
The folder contained twenty pictures. All of John. All from a distance, clearly all taken without John’s knowledge. John getting on a bus, John buying take-out, John walking down the street. Each was time-stamped with the date and year and she quickly recognized they had been taken while Sherlock had been what he euphemistically called “away.” The last one was a picture of John and Mary, holding hands, hailing a cab.
Later, John leaned against the window and watched Sherlock's chest rise and fall, fast asleep, his arm flung over his eyes, and felt a sudden sweet swell of happiness. It was the way Sherlock’s hair fell across his face, the messy puddle of trousers on the floor by the bed, the half-empty tea cup on the nightstand. It was even the weight of the plaster cast on his arm. It was the tiny details, the uncertainties and inconveniences of life with Sherlock that he loved, because he recognised that those were the things that proved he belonged.
“No bloody chance. You’re dehydrated and refuse to eat anything but the occasional biscuit, which is no doubt why you collapsed. So drink it.”
He looked confused. “Oh, you mean 999. No, not yet.” He lifted Sherlock’s head and felt for what was causing the bleeding. “He’s got a gash on the side of his head – more blood than real damage, I’d wager.”
“Oh I can think of plenty to say to you right now.” Kate stood and walked to the couch. “I hope you haven’t been an ass to John, too, today. He doesn’t deserve it.”
She’d stayed at the hospital most of the night, until the hotel called to tell her that her room had been broken into. That was right before her boss called and reminded her she’d promised – but had failed to deliver – a full progress report. He also reminded her that he expected her and her report in the office on Monday morning – no excuses. It only gave her two days before her flight home on Sunday afternoon.
It was a typical late spring afternoon, brilliant sunshine one minute, dark clouds skittering across the sky the next. The rain started midway through Mike Stamford’s short, awkward eulogy.
. Sherlock didn’t seem the sentimental type – so why was he saving fortunes? She refolded it and tucked into her wallet between her driver’s licence and ATM card. She added the pants to the pillow case, slung it over one shoulder, and walked down the hall to the elevator.
She shut off her phone, closed her eyes and tilted her head back. It was wonderful to feel the warmth of the sun on her face again.
“Okay. Good. Great, actually.” She didn’t look convinced. “Look, I’ll let you get settled. Lunch is in half an hour. Nothing fancy, just soup and sandwiches.” She turned back and said, “Oh, I forgot. My mother’s baked shortbread biscuits. They’re rubbish, and we all know it, but we pretend they’re delish. Lying to my mother about her baking is a family tradition.”
Sherlock studied her for a long moment and blew out an irritated breath. “If he thought it would help him. Your questions are tiresome.”
He pulled the paper closer and reached for his glasses. Which were nowhere to be found. He looked over and the bedside table was covered in teacups and papers and scientific journals. No glasses.
“What?” Greg took both cigarettes and stubbed them out in the fake plant next to the window. “Sherlock?”
“I’d like to know the answer to that question.” The voice startled them both. John stood in the doorway, half in, half out.
John had imagined this moment a thousand times, in a thousand different ways. In his fantasies, Sherlock’s reappearances were always miraculous – a rising from the dead that defied explanation.  Even in his darkest moments, John couldn’t imagine that Sherlock
She waited until she finished eating before retrieving the file from the bag.  The breakfast rush was over and the restaurant was nearly empty – a couple in one corner holding hands across the table, a woman in a wool coat drinking her third pot of tea.
“My girlfriend. Well, ex-girlfriend. Well, I’m not sure. We broke up before I came here. I think.” Kate couldn’t stop talking. Mrs. Hudson had sat back down and was nodding.
He reached for his glasses on the table by the bed. He could almost make out a silhouette in the doorway when he felt a shock of recognition. Arpège? The only woman he knew who wore Arpège was Mrs. Hudson. John had bought the perfume for her one Christmas – it had been gift and apology both. They were always apologizing to Mrs. Hudson in those days.
.  Even I have a hard time showing interest. She continues, “We’re not as close as we used to be, but we talk every few days.”
Sherlock blew out a breath. “I don’t know. He’s only had two doses so far. ” John’s voice had gone silent over the last two hours. He didn’t want to think what that meant.
John pulled back his arm. The vicar was too young, his eyes too limpid, his faith too certain.  “I don’t believe in God,” John said, never knowing for certain if this were true. His faith had seeped out of him over the years, like a language learned in childhood.
spring, he reminded himself. In Sherlock’s favour was Moriarty’s paranoid belief that he was surrounded by traitors and spies. Every soldier in Moriarty’s “army” in London knew as little as possible, and then only at the last possible moment.
John sighed and felt the anger blow out of him. He sat, put his elbows on the table and rested his head on his hands. All he’d wanted to do for months now was wrap his arms around Sherlock and hang onto him, to stop them both from falling through the cracks. It had taken so long to find him again and now here was Sherlock, scheming to throw it all away.
Sherlock frowned. He walked a step into the room and took John’s arm. John wanted to wriggle away, but he knew he’d fall on his face, so he leaned into Sherlock. “I mean it – I will not be an excuse for you to fuck up your life.”
After another half hour, she went looking for a nurse. It was like trying to hail a cab in rush hour.
Dr. Franklin picked up a vial from the cart and looked at it and down at a pale John. “Perhaps this is our best option . . .  if you can wait outside. I’ll let you know if there’s any change.”
“No, not really,” Sherlock whispered into John’s fingers. “But please keep in mind, I am recently released from hospital.”
Sherlock in all the ways that mattered – in all the ways he had imagined for so many nights he had lost count. He pulled the sheet up and let the familiar noises of Baker Street lull him back to sleep-wait, what?
She pulled the ring from her pocket.  Slipped it on her finger.  Her ring finger. It slid down her knuckle, resting against the one already there – silver with two small garnets, her Christmas/engagement present from Chloe. She stared at the rings and tears fell again. She squeezed her eyes shut and tried to find a place where her past and future didn’t crash together, destroying everything. She felt consumed by the
Sherlock put his hand on John’s knee and sighed again. “I think the idea, although riddled with complications and highly unorthodox, has merit.”
“You don’t even know what I was going to say.” John felt his chest grow warm. Fight or flight? Definitely fight.
My head falls back against the sofa as his warm hand finds my cock, tugging it not so gently out of my pants. I close my eyes as his mouth replaces his hand and I whistle in a breath while he focuses all his energy on sending me over the edge.
John’s cheek rested against Sherlock’s back, between his shoulders. He pressed his lips against Sherlock’s skin and slid his arm around Sherlock’s chest, pulling him closer. Kissed and licked a lazy circle around his shoulder blade. Sherlock murmured, but didn’t move away. John continued down Sherlock’s back, kissing, his tongue leaving a trail of cool moisture. He blew lightly across his back and felt him turn.
An older woman met them in the doorway. “Visitors for Sherlock? That’s lovely. I suppose you’ll be wanting tea.”
Kate leaned back against the leather. Closed her eyes and rubbed her temples. Her head hurt. She believed Mycroft – mostly – but it still didn’t make sense. She was missing something. The night Mary shot Sherlock – no one talked about that . . .
John kept himself busy all morning doing his sister’s bidding. There were flowers to pick up and chairs to decorate and the vicar to fetch from the train station. John had remained friends with David McGowan and he’d agreed to perform the wedding ceremony. John even put his surgical training to good use moving the buttons on Harry’s suit jacket.
“Besides you two? Not that I know of.  But it’s not top secret - if anyone asked, we’d say she was away on holiday.”
She bought another coffee and an alarmingly bright yellow lemon curd tart and wrote up her notes while she ate. Something didn’t make sense – Magnussen was rich and powerful and dangerous – so why was he bothering with Mary Morstan? What had Mycroft said
“Yeah, sure.” John’s father used to say that there was no such thing as bad beer. Some were just better than others. “Beer
Anyway, tomorrow’s the big day and I feel good. As good as any man my age has a right to feel. I don’t look too bad either. Yes, my hair’s a little greyer than last year, but on the bright side I’ve finally lost those extra pounds. Cancer is god’s very own good news, bad news joke.
John opened the front door of the flat.  Banks was standing there, an umbrella in one hand, a green carrier-bag in the other.
“I don’t want any fucking tea! I want the truth.” Her voice cracked and for a moment John thought she was about to cry.
The Magic of Beekeeping Tour lasted two hours – approximately an hour and forty-five minutes too long by John’s calculations. It involved wearing ridiculous-looking beekeeper outfits, perfect, as Sherlock pointed out, for someone trying to maintain a low profile. Sherlock corrected the guide twice in the first ten minutes. John punched him in the arm and told him to stop, which he managed to do for the most part, only muttering under his breath at the most egregious of her mistakes.
This stops Sherlock and I almost run into him. He turns back to me. “Hardly a theory. I’m just waiting on the Lestrade’s team to confirm.”
Sherlock was lying in the middle of the bed, fully dressed, his head pillowed on his folded arms. The only light came from the lamp on the bedside table.
Harry, now six weeks sober, had taken to bringing him books and biscuits and small tins of herbal tea. He didn’t want them, or her, but he didn’t know how to tell her.  She wore her disappointment, in life, in her career, in
He wouldn’t have gone to hospital at all if Sherlock hadn’t insisted. He’d taken one look at the dart and hurried a limping, protesting John into a cab and they headed to Barts. Molly met them at the entrance and he handed off the dart to her and led John into A&E while loudly demanding a full toxicology screen. John had just wanted to go home to bed and he would have, if he hadn’t spent the next half hour hunched over the toilet like a drunken teen-ager. That was two hours ago.
John grabbed the newspaper from Sherlock and tossed it to the floor. He leaned over, palms pressed flat against the table and hissed, “What are you playing at, Sherlock?”
“Do you come here often?” John finally asked, partly to break the silence and partly because he was curious, but it came out sounding like a cheap pickup line.
“I need to see Mary. “ John stood with his fists clenched at his side. “Before we do anything, I need to talk to her.”
“I know you’re trying to deduce your way to a solution, Sherlock, but you’re just out of hospital and you have a rather compromised perspective about this.” His expression softened. “You have too much skin in the game to be objective. You know I’m right.”
“And because I hurt you . . . again . . . and for the first time in my life I can find no one to blame but myself.”
Sherlock buried his head against John’s neck, pressing John to the bed, pulling John’s hands above his head, threading their fingers together. John wrapped his leg around Sherlock’s hip, pulling and thrusting and Sherlock bit his ear as he came, a long moan against his cheek. He fell against John, his hips sliding off, his head resting against John’s neck, breathing heavy. John moved his hands to Sherlock’s shoulders, kneading. Needing. No difference.
Sherlock reappears in a pair of silk pajamas and a silkier robe. As he rounds my chair on the way to his, he nicks my glass of whiskey and turns, draining the glass in front of me, his head back, throat exposed. I am suddenly hot and close my eyes for a minute. This is going to be a long night. The silk on silk alone would have tipped it off, but the sharing of a drinking glass is near the top of the list of things Sherlock will not do.
Greg pushed his mobile across the desk. He hated the hope he heard in John’s voice. Wished he felt the same. Vic Bellamy was a shite lead. But after two hours of poring over old cases, it was the only lead they had. He picked up the file and tried to find a sentence in it that would make him believe Bellamy was the one who poisoned John.
“I know you told me not to wake you before eleven, but this is important.” John tossed the paper toward Sherlock, who caught it without thinking. He pulled himself up onto an elbow and stared at John. Old John. The old John. The John of old. He looked so . . . young. He looked so . . . beautiful.
, which he quickly turned into a tabloid. Within a few years, he owned more than twenty local newspapers, saving costs by using the same printing press for all of them. He entered the London market in 1995 with the purchase of the failing
She stepped out of the car and closed the door behind her. She hurried inside the crowded terminal to find Chloe.
She swallowed the Xanax with the rest of the Diet Pepsi. Took a long breath and stared at herself in the dresser mirror. She retrieved her brush from the pile on the bed, and pulled her hair back into a ponytail. Brushed her teeth. Put on some blush and lip gloss. Picked up the mascara (she’d stolen that from Chloe), stared at it, and put it back. Who was she kidding? She didn’t wear mascara for anyone. Changed her shirt (twice), her pants (once) and tried (unsuccessfully) to shake the wrinkles out of her jacket. Spent ten minutes trying to tie a silk scarf to look as if it had naturally fallen that way.
Sherlock dropped his hand and the lift doors closed.  He had six hours left and he wasn’t going to waste them making Harriet Watson feel better.
For months, I didn’t dream. But now, away from the machines and the lights and the doctors, my dreams have returned.
- Peacefully at his home with his family by his side in London in his 83rd year. Predeceased by his beloved wife Kathleen. Dear father of Anna Gilchrest (Thomas), Steven (Lidia) and Simon (Hayley). Cherished grandfather of Kathryn, David, Michael and Scott. Dear brother of Edith Somers (Ken) and brother-in-law of Patricia Sillery. Also surviving are numerous nieces, nephews, cousins and their families. Peter wished to be remembered as he was through his life and that those who have fond memories will celebrate these in their heart. As such, a private family service will be held. Memorial donations can be made to St. James’s Roman Catholic Church or the Heart and Stroke Foundation. Online condolences can be offered at
Sherlock tore open the envelope. Inside were six small vials of a colourless liquid and a folded sheet of paper.  He unfolded the paper.
She kept looking but there was no sign of Mary’s texts or emails. No folder called “Clues.” She did find one called “John.” It was inside a folder named “Away” buried inside another called “Banking.”
The sex is . . . good.  Really good. Which once and for all proves that there is no such thing as bad sex.
She reached across and brushed a stray piece of jasmine rice from his tie. She wanted to ask him if his daughter’s bike was still in the trunk of his car, was Sherlock pulling her leg when he claimed he’d never seen a single
Sherlock felt something settle in his chest, and he let out a breath of air he felt like he'd been holding in for decades. The past and future faded out of him and he was left with only this moment, this impossible moment.
“Then what use are you?” he shouted. “Find someone who knows what they’re doing, for Christ’s sake. Preferably before John dies.”
He made two cups of tea (the expensive brand his sister had sent him for Christmas that he’d been saving for . . . what exactly?) and carried one out to Sherlock.  He left the other cup on the counter – he’d tried to take a sip but his stomach had other ideas.
When he looked up again, Sherlock had gone to stand by the window, one hand stretched out, gripping the frame, looking down at the street. John rose and went to join him, Sherlock moving his arm so they could stand side by side.
was written on the inside. How in hell did this end up here? He always kept it in his wallet. As a reminder to never, ever get as drunk as he had that weekend. The weekend he couldn’t remember with the exception of a few strange dreams.
It was Sherlock who broke the moment. He turned his head away and shoved John hard to the left. John rolled onto his back, panting. Sherlock quickly stood up and walked into the bathroom and shut the door.
Wardour Street was nearly empty, everyone huddled under shop awnings and in doorways, waiting for the downpour to let up. Sherlock spread out his arms and tilted his head back, his mouth open wide. He spun around, his coat whipping at his knees. He had missed London rain. Unrelenting, unforgiving, unforgettable. He missed feeling this . . . alive. He looked over at John, his arms wrapped tight around his coat, smiling at Sherlock despite his obvious discomfort. Sherlock stepped towards John and, before he could think of a reason to wait another second, another lifetime, he was kissing John in the rain, lost in the sensation, the smells, the weather.
“I can’t just inject John with something you pulled out of your pocket.” Dr. Franklin crossed his arms in front of him. “At least let the lab take a look at it.” The vials were lined up on the medication cart beside John’s bed.
But what did Hannah Bantry in the Pantry or Wee Willy Winkie have to do with John? How were these silly pieces of macabre children’s nonsense connected to soldiers in Afghanistan? Or to him? Whoever sent them was rubbish at scavenger hunts.
John turned to Sherlock, but Sherlock was already up and reaching around him for a dressing gown. He was dismayed to notice that his erection was gone.
“Yeah, what I said,” Charlotte said. She finished the tea and carried the empty cup to the sink. There was a teenager with good manners buried somewhere under all the eyeliner and tattoos. She leaned against the kitchen table and looked at John. “It got posted a couple hours ago – right after he put out the word.” She lifted her chin towards Sherlock. “He’s clever, Doc. I wouldn’t worry too much. He’ll take care of you. Same as he watches out for us.” She picked her bag up from the floor and slung it over her shoulder. She stood and looked at Sherlock.
“Unfortunately, it’s not that simple. Someone else knows Mary Morstan’s history. Names, dates, locations. Someone in a position to do a great deal of damage.”
“Dr. John Watson,” he said after Lestrade introduced her. He extended one hand and she shook it briefly. Slight tremor. War injury? She noticed the emphasis he put on
He looked down and saw a young girl lobbing stones at the window. When she saw him staring at her, she raised her hand in the air and gave him the finger. He turned to Sherlock who was disappearing down the stairs. “You could teach them to use the knocker, you know.”
“I want him not to be dead anymore.” He’d never said it out loud to anyone but Sherlock. He felt the familiar sting behind his eyes and wiped at them with the heel of one hand. “If I can’t have that one simple thing, then I need to find a reason not to follow him.”
John glanced at the empty space beside him on the bed and Sherlock crossed to sit beside him, their shoulders barely touching.  There were a thousand things John wanted to say, but he settled on the truest one, “I missed you.”
Sherlock turned and looked at John. “I’d rather be nice to you. Though I’m not quite sure what entails.”
“Then go. Enjoy a weekend away in the country. Update your blog. Take pictures of the scenery. I know it sounds near to impossible, but try
During that narrow window of happiness between first having Sherlock and first losing him, he forgot about the list. He had what he wanted – what he needed – and although it involved far too many near-death experiences for his liking, it seemed a fair trade.
Relapses happened. Some nights, he’d find a bar or nightclub far from home, sit at a table against the wall and look for someone willing to give him what he wanted. He never asked their names, never made small talk. At home, emptying his pockets, he would sometimes find a phone number scrawled across a napkin. He tossed them and never went back to the same place twice.
Was the someone else Magnussen? If he’d threatened to expose Mary, she wasn’t likely to sit back and do nothing. But where did Sherlock fit in? It couldn’t be as simple as Sherlock being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
John scowled. “You’re like Sherlock 2.0. Like the old you, only more, I don’t know, human . . . You swear you’re not high?”
Sherlock looked out the window. They were on an ordinary street. 313 was an ordinary flat in the most ordinary of neighbourhoods. He paid the cabbie and walked to the front door. A man – late fifties, reading glasses pushed up on his head, greying hair in need of a trim – answered the door on the second ring and, after some hesitation, let him in.
played. John thought she’d been joking when she showed him the playlist. “I cannot be married without Florence + The Machine,” she said, daring him to criticise.
(was that even a word?), was worrying.  He suggested it was proof of nothing except an over-developed sense of the dramatic on the part of whoever sent it. Mycroft argued the text was compelling evidence that John hadn’t stepped accidently into the path of a poisoned dart.
From the back seat of the town car, Mycroft watched his brother walk across the lobby. Noted the weight loss, the ridiculous cap, the way he still held his arm tightly against his side.
Sherlock turned suddenly, and they were face to face, Sherlock’s arm around John’s back, pulling him closer. John could feel his heartbeat knocking against Sherlock’s chest, Sherlock’s breath on his cheek, his leg snaking between his. Sherlock pulled John’s chin up and he stared at him, his eyebrow raised. John answered the question by kissing him hard on the lips, moving his hand up around Sherlock’s neck, threading his fingers through his hair. He hooked his leg around Sherlock’s hip and pushed against the hardness. Sherlock moaned against his mouth and reached down, hooked a finger under the waistband of John’s pants and pulled. John sucked in a breath as Sherlock’s fingers brushed against his cock.
“So why didn’t God listen? He listened to me. I prayed and prayed for a new train set for my birthday, and I got one, ‘member?”
“Apparently. I’m supposed to see her parents tomorrow. Meet my daughter. Until today, I wasn’t sure what I was going to do. But they seem happy the baby’s going to be with her father . . . with me.” John looked at Sherlock. “With us.”
.  But it had been a long winter and she longed for any sign that spring had finally arrived.  It was the first mild day and everyone was out walking, like prisoners released from months in solitary.
John walked into the kitchen, holding both bracelets in his hand. He stopped just inside the doorway as a fragment of one of those dreams came hurtling at him . . .
She sighed and closed the notebook. “I’m sorry, but if I have to listen to one more story about how your wicked sister teased you, or how horrid all the masters at school were, I’ll scream. You came to see me because your best friend – your boyfriend, for crying out loud – threw himself off a building in front of you, so for God’s sake, stop wasting my time and talk about
“You’ll tell me. You’ve wanted to tell me for days.” Sherlock lifted an arm, winced, and placed it on his chest. “I think it’s the real reason you came to see me.”
The last bit of fog in his brain lifted, trailing out the window, the leaves falling from the trees, skittering along the ground, swirling up again when they caught a gust of chilly air, settling back down on the grass, the garden, the hives.
“And I paid for it for months.” A voice from the door startled them both. Greg Lestrade stood in the doorway, holding a brown bag. “Thought I’d bring dinner.” He walked into the sitting room.
. If it weren’t for the accents, he could be back in London.  He turned it off and lay back on the bed, hands pressed to his face.
He took a biscuit, closed his eyes and bit into it. It tasted heavenly. “Thank you.” He brushed crumbs from the front of his shirt. “I don’t think I ever said that enough.” It was strange to think he was now older than Mrs. Hudson.
Kate was secretly ecstatic. John had just made a public innuendo to Sherlock, right in front of them. Things must be looking up.
“Let’s begin,” she said. She picked up the pen from the small table beside her and held it over the empty page. “Now, about Sherlock . . .”
It was dark by the time he made it back from the A&E to Baker Street, his left hand encased in a plaster cast and a little lightheaded from the painkillers. He’d hoped he’d grown out of his adolescent tendency to throw a punch when he was angry. As one of the smallest boys at school, he’d learned that one well-timed punch early in the term earned him a grudging respect.
She drove to Sherlock’s with both hands gripped tightly on the wheel, cursing at everyone who got in her way. More than once, she started to say something to Kate but stopped, as if she’d promised someone that she would behave.
There was a smile growing on Sherlock’s face, and John felt it slide under his skin, scraping against the raw parts of him.
. Such an old-fashioned word out of such a young mouth. “Sherlock is dead.”  The word had jagged edges that ripped his heart.
She took a long breath. “Moriarty had a girlfriend when he lived in Ottawa. I – we – think he recruited her there and brought her back to England with him. I think she helped him kill Goodale. I suspect she went right on working for him afterwards. Her name was Anna Ashcroft.”
Confused, he took out his wallet and pulled it open. A pitiful amount of cash, his bank card, driver’s license and a bracelet. Identical to the one he’d found in Sherlock’s drawer.
He frowned. “I stuck my neck out for you, Bryant, don’t disappoint me.” He slid a thin file across the desk. “You’ll liaise with our office in London –”
“She was always after me to wear a bloody kilt,” he said. “Amazing the barmy things you do when you’re in love.”
She retrieved Sherlock’s phone from the charger and sat at the kitchen table to check her messages one last time – he’d started making noises about getting his phone back and she was running out of excuses why he shouldn’t have it. She’d buy a new SIM card for her own phone at the Virgin store in the morning and surrender his. She was also trying to decide whether to tell him she’d taken on a case while he was in hospital. She was bored and it was so simple it seemed a shame not to accept it. All it took were a few phone calls, half an hour on the internet, and a search of the client’s boyfriend’s car and the next day £200 was transferred into Sherlock’s account. She liked to think of it as earning her keep. She wasn’t sure Sherlock would see it that way.
We drive into what used to be Chichester – there isn’t much left except for a few burnt out buildings and the remains of the Cathedral. Like most places these days, it’s deserted.  The whole world feels like secondary school on a Saturday afternoon.
On the bright side, if you can call it that, it didn’t last very long. Three months, four if you count those first few weeks when we thought there was still a chance. I don’t know why it ended when it did, it was as if the entire world was standing on the edge of a cliff ready to jump off and then suddenly lost its nerve.  I think God finally started paying attention. Sherlock suspects he got bored and walked away. He says things like that now.
John’s look of disbelief (also too familiar) startled Sherlock. Reminded Sherlock. This was a dream.
He walked back to the desk, opened a drawer and handed Sherlock a brown padded envelope. His name and address were printed on the front.
Sherlock ignores me, pulls his mobile from his pocket and leaves the room. I stand beside the bed, trying to see what is obviously so clear to him.  Something niggles at the base of my brain. This case – it’s all so tidy, the clues helpfully lining up like actors taking a curtain call.
John opened his mouth just a bit, and Sherlock thought he might say something to stop him or push him away, so he slipped his tongue between John’s lips. John made a sound like a groan, way down in his throat and then he was kissing Sherlock back. Sherlock’s hands linked at the small of John’s back and they were pressed against each other from knee to shoulder. A disjointed thought ricocheted around Sherlock’s brain,
“Eight – nine years, I guess. Been with the Cold Case Unit for the last two. It’s satisfying when you solve a crime everyone gave up on years ago. Especially for the families. Frustrating as hell when you don’t. Well, you know how it is. You both did quite a bit of . . . detecting.”
The house, new to Lauren and Harry but old by any other standard, was large and comfortable. Inside, after hugs all round, Harry collapsed into the armchair by the fireplace and Lauren led him upstairs to the guest room. The room was small and narrow with tall windows that looked out onto the park below. The bed was covered with a faded patchwork quilt John recognised from his childhood. He paused at the door and asked Lauren, “How is Harry? Really?” They both knew he meant “Is she coping?” Harry hadn’t had a drink in more than two years but the question was always there, simmering beneath the surface of things. He wondered if he’d ever stop worrying.
online. It’ll be beans and toast for several months, but worth it to see the look on Sherlock’s face.
Today they will eat breakfast together and exchange gifts.  In the afternoon, three-year-old Hanna will climb onto Sherlock’s lap and he’ll sing softly in her ear and hold her while she naps. When Harry offers to take her to her bed, Sherlock will shake his head and mouth “we’re fine.”
He fingered the vicar’s card and considered calling him. The construction worker’s bloody head had triggered all the fucked up emotions he’d been trying so hard to ignore. He looked around the flat – Sherlock’s flat, never his – and made up his mind. He’d been living with ghosts long enough. Tomorrow, he’d make an appointment with Ella Thompson, pack his things and find a new flat. A new job.
“What you always do when something’s bothering you. What’s wrong?”  A shite question considering the Mad Max theme park we live in.
“She’s good, John,” and squeezes his hand. “Really. If you must worry about something, worry about that one.” She lifts her chin towards Sherlock. “He’s bound to say something inappropriate eventually.”
It was Mycroft’s turn to snort. “Really, Sherlock? I’m not sure what good that will do. I expect he’ll be skipping all the way back to his dreadful bedsit.”
When he came downstairs wearing jeans and his favourite jumper, the olive green one with the holes in the elbows he always meant to have patched, Sherlock was in his chair, John’s open laptop balanced on his knees.
