“Steve, this is exactly what charity is for. For people who need help and don’t have other means to get it!” Tony knew that Steve was proud. Tony understood that Steve didn’t want someone else to ride in on a white horse and save him. But Steve needed to think about the bigger picture. He could lose his house. He could lose Carter. And if Steve lost either of those things, then Tony would lose Steve. Tony wasn’t about to let that happen.
Tony was met with two expectant faces, and there was no force on earth that could’ve compelled him to say no. “You know, my number one rule is
That was a dirty trick. Tony thought back to that day at the park, his hand covered in sprinkles. “You know I can’t break my number one rule.” He sniffed, then shoved his hands into the front pocket of his hoodie. “I’ll be there.”
“That’s too much pixie dust,” Tony said. “Now I”m going to fly away!” He jumped up and took off at a run, and Carter chased after him until Tinkerbell recaptured everyone’s attention.
“Alright, fine. Howard laid out some…
“Not usually,” Steve said, greeting Tony with a smile. “How’s your week been?”
“Thank you,” Tony said sincerely. He was about to ask the obvious question - where are your parents? - when he spotted a man jogging up to them.
Tony looked up. He was sitting in the grass, leaning back against a tree. He hadn’t expected anyone to approach him, especially someone so small. He blinked, taking off his sunglasses to get a better look at her. As far as kids went - and everyone knew Tony Stark was famously
“It doesn’t matter anyway. I can’t give you Howard’s money because I don’t have access to Howard’s money, because it’s being kept safe in some sort of super secret account until I ‘clean up my act.’” He hadn’t meant to sound so resentful. It had just sort of slipped out, like it always did when he talked about Howard. He stared down into his coffee cup, then took a sip, looking up to meet Steve’s expectant, curious eyes.
“You know,” Steve said, “you look an awful lot like Tony Stark.”
“Steve-”
When they were done with the children’s songs, he tucked the book away and pulled out another piece, one he hadn’t expected to find. The pages were old, and they’d clearly been damaged by the light, but the music was still readable. “My Mom had a thing for older songs,” Tony said to Carter. “I know this one from a really sappy movie.” Tony began to play the song,
They drank a glass of wine each, sitting together on the love-seat, close but not quite touching. Tony set his empty glass on the coffee table, and he nearly stopped breathing as Steve shifted closer, their thighs brushing together. “I need to tell you something,” Steve said.
“That would be me.”
Steve normally smiled when Tony called Carter his shadow, but this time a small quirk of his lips was all Tony got. “She’s got a babysitter.”
Finally, Tony found his voice enough to say, “I like you too.”
wasn’t enough.
“This is our usual spot, Monday, Wednesday, Friday,” Steve said.  “If you ever wanted to join us again.”
“I…” Steve trailed off, searching Tony’s face. “I don’t think I’m interested in being just friends.”
felt a little too congratulatory for the seriousness of the situation.
“So,” Steve said as he was bundling Carter into the car, which Tony was relieved to see had been outfitted with the booster seat he’d requested. Just because he didn’t always like kids, didn’t mean he didn’t know anything about them. “You think you’ll find yourself back at the park next week?”
“I know.” Steve reached out and took Tony’s hand, and Tony looked up in surprise. “Bucky says I’m stubborn. That it was stupid for me to let pride get in the way of something that would really help my kid. And me. As usual, he’s right. I’m sorry I shut you out. It wasn’t fair.” Slowly, gently, Steve threaded their fingers together. He squeezed Tony’s hand. Tony squeezed back. “Bucky also says I was stupid to let you get away once, and I sure as hell shouldn’t do it again.”
Steve disappeared into the kitchen, and Tony busied himself checking a few emails before setting his phone down on the table. There was no tablecloth, which probably made for easier cleanup, and there were papers strewn across the center, like they’d been brushed aside in a hurry. Tony didn’t mean to snoop, but he’d been so buried in documents all week, it was like his hands moved all by themselves to pick up one of the papers, then another, then another. Medical bills. Hospital. Durable medical equipment. Prescriptions. There were some complicated drugs here. And some absolutely enormous costs. What did Steve have that was so expensive? He didn’t look sick.
“I would never,” Steve said, sounding a little devious. He slid into the car next to Carter. “I’ll text you on the way home so you’ll have mine, too.”
“Hi,” Tony replied, pleased and surprised all at once. Steve hadn’t called, hadn’t even texted. But of course, Steve had known Tony would be home. Steve pretty much knew about all of Tony’s plans nowadays.
looked, then nodded. “He sure does.”
“Thanks for coming over,” Tony said softly once Steve had gotten Carter buckled into the booster seat.
Tony couldn’t do anything but stand there looking guilty, wishing he could melt into the floor and disappear. Steve shook his head, slamming the two halves of the check down on the table. The sound rang in Tony’s ears, harsh and angry.
Tony licked his lips. “Okay. Shoot.”
“I take it back,” Steve said. “This view is spectacular.”
Work kept Tony too busy to meet up with Carter and Steve at the park, and Tony couldn’t help but feel just the smallest bit resentful about it. He stared out the window and thought of the swingset, the merry-go-round, the silly white flowers that Carter had used to make the flower crown. At least he had something happy to think about, instead of the new heap of responsibilities he had to figure out how to take on and delegate.
Slowly, Steve opened the envelope. Tony stood stock still, waiting. Bracing for a bad reaction. Hoping for a good one. After what felt like hours, Steve looked up at Tony with accusing eyes. “Explain this to me.”
“I agree.”
The invitation short circuited his brain a little. He felt warm and fuzzy and strangely validated, because for once, he’d actually made a good first impression. “I’m wrapped up in meetings for the next few days,” Tony replied. “But Friday I’m free. I’ll see you then.”
Tony glanced back out the window, not quite ready to hold Steve’s gaze for so long. “The sunset’s beautiful.”
Steve and Carter arrived Sunday afternoon with garlic bread, salad, and homemade lasagna. It was the best Tony had eaten all week, and he felt spoiled. There were even leftovers, which Steve insisted he keep in his nearly empty fridge. “I don’t know how you eat so many frozen meals and stay sane,” Steve said as he closed the tupperware containers and stacked them on the lowest shelf.
“She’s right,” Steve said, taking Tony’s hand. “You look beautiful.”
It was the tail end of summer, turning quickly into fall, and the park was busier than it had been on Monday. Still, Steve Rogers wasn’t difficult to find. He was seated on one of the benches at the far end of the playground, watching Carter climb the ladder, run across the bridge, and descend the slide over and over and over again.
“This is Bucky,” Steve said. “He’s an old friend. He babysits for me when I work. Or when I need a few hours to just be a grown-up.”
Steve looked faintly amused. “What else is on the list?”
Damn it, Tony was slow, and apparently getting slower. Steve had come alone, at night. He’d brought wine. He looked impossibly handsome. He’d worn that shirt and those pants and he was biting his lip and Tony wanted to
“It’s from the foundation.”
“Good to meet you. I’ll just be upstairs hangin’ out with Carter.”
Reluctantly, Tony extricated himself from the couch and stood up. Steve followed his lead, shifting to sit upright when Tony finally felt bold enough to say, “My bed’s a lot more comfortable.”
He’d brought the check to give to Steve himself, tucked into a plain envelope with Steve’s name on it. He’d set it down on the table, then stepped out into the entryway to hang up his jacket. When he got back, Steve had already found the letter and picked it up.
Tony thought about saying no. He’d never told anyone about the piano, about his mother. About what it meant to him. He wasn’t sure he was ready to invite anyone else into that mess in person. Still, it was one of the conditions in Howard’s will. And he’d probably be asked to prove he’d played it, which would be easier if someone was there to listen. Steve had trusted Tony with the gritty details of his financial problems without batting an eye. Tony could trust Steve with this. “I’m having the piano moved into my place next weekend. You could come over then.”
It was Saturday evening, three weeks later, when Tony was interrupted by a knock on his door.
But Steve was already ripping the check in half. Tony felt like tearing out his hair. He settled for clenching his fists so hard that his nails would leave marks in his palms.
After what felt like ages they came up for air. Steve had somehow stretched out on the love-seat, and Tony was straddling him, pinning him to the cushions. Steve looked up at the clock. “I’ve got the babysitter until eleven,” he said, his eyes dark.
By the look of it, Steve’s house was a family home that he’d inherited, or else bought from his family. It didn’t look old, necessarily, but well-loved. It had a kitchen with a window that looked out on the backyard, which seemed fitting for a man with a family - or with a daughter, at any rate. When Steve led him to the dining room, they all but bumped into another man with brown hair and big blue eyes.
He went to the post office to buy an envelope and mail the check himself. While he was there, he bought stamps with the Calvin and Hobbes characters on them, though he didn’t have anyone to send any letters to. Maybe he just wanted to know he had the option. Maybe he’d write a letter to his friend Rhodey, who’d been gone for six months in the army on a need-to-know mission doing god knows what.
Three days passed, and Tony didn’t hear from Steve.
“You look
Steve was right. Steve had told him. Not just that first time, when they’d talked at the table, but several times after, when Tony had hinted that it might be time for Steve to accept help. Tony hadn’t listened. Tony had thought he knew better. There was still a part of Tony that thought he was right and Steve was wrong.
“Here. Let me take her to bed.” Bucky crossed around to the front of the couch and held out his hands. Tony made the transfer, trying not to jostle Carter as he passed her over.
Tony wanted to laugh and cry at the same time. “Well,” he said, just barely holding it together, “she has good taste in friends.”
, he could hear her saying.
Of course, there wasn’t anything Steve could actually do to help. Or was there? Tony covered his mouth in thought. “You know what would help?” he said, suddenly inspired. “A distraction. How do you and Carter feel about pizza?”
“Always,” Tony said. The one habit he’d never break. No matter how spectacularly he blew up his personal life, he would say ‘always’ like everything was perfect. Every time. He shifted from foot to foot, uncomfortable. Even if Steve was here to make amends, Tony wasn’t sure he was ready for it. “Um. Can I help you with something?”
They stayed outside long after they’d finished their pizza, until the sky began to darken and the sun set. Steve told stories about his childhood, and about Carter, most of which had the effect of making Tony laugh out loud. It felt good to laugh. He didn’t get to laugh much anymore.
“I made you this.” The girl held her short arms out. Clutched in her hands was a flower crown.
“Hi,” Steve said.
It was the first time anyone had ever called Tony Stark a
Steve had cashed the check.
“Carter,” the man said as he approached, and the girl turned to look at him. “What did I say about staying by the swingset?”
Steve shook his head. “Get out.”
“Well. Thanks very much.” Not one to deny a gift, especially one made with such care (
Slowly, Tony set the container aside and rose from his chair, wondering who could possibly want anything with him on a Saturday afternoon. He thumped down the stairs, the wood cold on his bare feet. He really needed to remember to put on socks. Like an idiot, Tony opened the door before checking the peephole.
The next few days of meetings brought Tony nearly to his breaking point. He seriously considered going out and buying more alcohol, then thought better of it - he’d dumped it all down the drain for a reason, and damn it, he wanted to meet all of Howard’s stupid conditions just on principle. When Friday finally rolled around, he was relieved not to have to put on a suit and tie, and even more relieved to spend the afternoon in the park.
Tony closed the door and waved goodbye, and the towncar pulled down the street and turned left, disappearing from view. As he trudged back inside and closed the door, he felt his pocket vibrate. He pulled out his Starkphone, and a text appeared on his locked screen.
Tony had never allowed Steve to see him so utterly broken. He hadn’t washed his hair in days. His sweatshirt was a size too big, and it hung off of him in a way he was sure was deeply unattractive. His goatee, normally perfectly trimmed, was growing out into something resembling a scruffy beard, and he couldn’t bring himself to care. It was stupid. He cared more about Steve hating him than he’d cared about his own father’s death, and his response was to let himself fall entirely to pieces.
“Yep.” Steve sipped his coffee slowly, and Tony waited to see if he would elaborate. “She’s better. Right now. They don’t like to throw the term remission around lightly, so it’ll be a while before she’s officially out of the woods, but… Things are okay. They weren’t for a while, but we’re better. For now.” Steve set the coffee down on the table and rubbed a hand over his face. He looked tired, like the weight of everything had just settled on his shoulders. “The bills are just left over from her last treatments and her last hospital stay. It’s not cheap, and our insurance wouldn’t cover everything. Haven’t lost the house yet, but the longer I have to put off payment, the more it seems like a possibility.”
“I could bring Carter over and you could play for us. Carter loves music.”
Tony couldn’t help it. He was the one to lean in and kiss Steve this time, grasping Steve’s shirt with his free hand, hanging onto Steve like a lifeline. “I can’t promise I won’t do anything stupid ever again,” he said when they drew apart. “But I can promise to consult you first.”
“Go.”
The girl tugged on the bottom of the man’s coat. “He looks pretty, doesn’t he?”
Steve sat back. “He didn’t just leave you the money?”
“Well,” Tony asked as he rifled through the cabinet, grabbing napkins and paper plates. “What do you think?”
a relationship. It had just been turning into one. He stretched out on the bed, opening up the app for his bank account and checking his balance. What he saw made him want to laugh and scream at the same time.
They sat in silence, ruminating, sipping their respective coffees until Steve said, “It’s more fun to play the piano for someone, isn’t it?”
The next time Steve and Tony took Carter to the park, the leaves were just starting to change colors. The three of them played tag - Carter won every time - and then Carter made flower crowns for each of them. When it was Tony’s turn to have his crown bestowed upon him, he bowed extravagantly, saying, “Why thank you, my lady.” He knelt down, and she placed the flower crown delicately on his head. He glanced over at Steve. “How do I look?”
It was ridiculous. Insulting. And so very, very
A few boxes of pizza in hand, Tony led them back to his townhome. It was an old brownstone, and from the outside it was starting to show its age. Inside, the place was fully restored, with brand new hardwood, a fireplace on every floor, and modern furnishings. It wasn’t completely to Tony’s tastes, but he’d let someone else design it before he moved in, and he hadn’t seen a reason to bother changing anything.
“I was sorry to hear about your father,” Steve said, probably thinking it was the polite thing to say.
The weekend finally came, and along with it, his mother’s piano. They’d somehow managed to get it into the house - Tony really didn’t want to know how - and he stared at it for a long time, not sure how he felt about having it in his space. Before he could even convince himself to sit down on the bench, he took a picture of it and sent it to Steve. Steve's reply came almost instantaneously.
“It’s okay, I’ve got it.” Steve swept a gentle hand through Tony’s hair. Tony felt his whole body relax in an instant, and he leaned back against the counter to keep himself from pressing forward. Steve always handled Tony with such care. Tony had never felt that kind of gentleness, never gotten that kind of attention from anyone. He closed his eyes, just for a few seconds, then blinked them open when he felt Steve’s palms cradling his face.
Unperturbed, Steve tried again. “I like you, Tony.”
“You’re really not going to give me more than that?” Steve asked.
The reality of those thoughts, of his own ulterior motives, was just starting to dawn on Tony when Steve demanded, “How did you get this money?”
He finally managed to drag himself into the shower, where he stood under the scalding water until his skin was red. He pulled on sweats and a tee, then sat down at the piano, playing through his mother’s old song books until his fingers were sore.
the old piano, which I can do, I just… haven’t.”
Over the weekend, Steve texted asking if Tony wanted to come over and ‘hang out.’ Tony hadn’t been asked to ‘hang out’ in a long time, but he figured it was something that friends did, and he obviously enjoyed spending time with Steve, so he agreed.
“I’m Steve,” the man said, breaking the silence. “Steve Rogers.” He held out his hand, and Tony shook it.
They left the park a few hours before sunset, walking together to Tony’s favorite pizzeria. Halfway through the walk, Carter insisted on holding Tony’s hand, and she swung their arms every couple of steps. Tony smiled to himself. He couldn’t help it. It was cute.
“That was some party,” Tony said.
Tony suppressed a strangled noise. “Oh?”
At first he was embarrassed that whoever it was had caught him at home on a Saturday night. He was Tony Stark, for goodness’ sake. He used to throw parties that lasted all weekend long. Now he was sitting inside alone on a Saturday reading a book. What was happening to him? Maybe he was finally growing up. Too bad Howard wasn’t around to see it.
“I can’t thank you enough.” It wasn’t an apology, but it still made Tony’s chest tight.
“Yeah?” Tony’s heart twisted, his mother’s face flashing in his mind’s eye.
But that was because the bills weren’t Steve’s. They were Carter’s.
“Nice to meet you, Tony.” Steve looked down at the girl. “This is Carter. You two have obviously already met.”
Steve smiled, that big, goofy smile that Tony had grown so fond of. He made his way back inside and closed the door, leaning back against it in what was probably half-fake and half-real exhaustion.
“It is,” Steve said, crossing to stand beside him. A pause. Then, “It really accentuates the pixie dust in your hair.”
“Daddy, can we buy him an ice cream?”
Tony took a deep breath and let it out slowly, hands sliding into the pockets of his slacks. “Yeah, well. Howard and I had a complicated relationship.” He let a little humor creep into his voice. “That’s the story you won’t get in the papers. Don’t tell anyone.”
Steve shrugged, pretending to be unimpressed. “I thought it would be bigger.”
“So do you,” Tony shot back, bringing Steve’s hand to his lips.
“It’s… something for you,” Tony said lamely. Suddenly he’d lost all his nerve. Some cowardly part of him wanted to snatch the letter back and pretend it had never existed.
“No. I told you what I wanted, Tony, and you didn’t care. You just wanted to swoop in and fix it and make it perfect, but not everything can be perfect.”
For a second, Tony stopped breathing. “What?”
Tony stood, and then the expression on Steve’s face was one he recognized too well.
friends who had kids. Or maybe he just needed to make more friends. Spending day after day with his attorneys and his father’s executor could get old pretty fast.
“She’s hard to say no to. And honestly? It’s kind of nice to have another adult to talk to.”
Tony stared at him, dumbfounded, unable to come up with any kind of reply.
Steve searched Tony’s eyes, and Tony knew he wouldn’t find any resistance there. Still, Tony was surprised when Steve leaned down and kissed him. It wasn’t long or deep or passionate, not this time; this time, it was like coming home. Tony held onto Steve’s arms, releasing his grip only when Steve pulled away.
Of course Tony wasn’t enough on his own. He would have to jump through hoops to prove he was worthy. To prove he deserved to inherit what he had helped his father build. Howard had somehow found a way to judge and manipulate him even in death. It was nothing new or surprising. That didn’t mean it didn’t sting.
The man looked,
Two weeks passed, and still no word from Steve. Tony hadn’t realized how much he’d enjoyed their conversations and their time together.
Steve’s mouth pressed into a line. “Why did you do this?”
“Tony.”
Steve sat down in the chair beside him, mug held between his palms. He seemed relaxed, as if Tony’s invasion of his privacy hadn’t really bothered him at all. “It’s alright,” Steve said. “You would’ve found out eventually.”
“Carter misses you.” The unspoken phrase hung in the air, so clearly Tony could almost hear it.
It was like a punch to the gut. Steve was thanking him, complimenting him. Was he or was he not forgiven?
Three hours and two scoops of ice cream later, all the guests had left. Steve was doing the cleaning outside while Bucky handled the inside, grumbling about how much glitter was stuck to the kitchen’s tile floor. Carter had found Tony and insisted they watch a TV show together. After the first few minutes, she had clambered onto his lap, resting her head against his chest.
Tony and Steve texted regularly throughout the week, and Tony found himself holding his phone under the table during board meetings just in case, waiting for the next message. He knew they were supposed to be just friends. Still, part of him wondered if they could ever be more.
“I was tired of swinging,” she said with a little shrug of her shoulders. The man sighed in fond exasperation.
Tony swallowed. “It’s a check,” he said carefully. Steve’s hard expression didn’t change. “To cover Carter’s medical expenses.”
“I cashed the check. It’s your personal account, I know you’ve seen it.”
“You still did exactly what I asked you not to do! Tony, I told you, I want to do this on my own. I don’t want assistance, I don’t want charity.”
in his will. Things I have to accomplish before I get my inheritance. And I’m making my way down the list.”
“It’s from the foundation, not from me-”
“Honestly, it was the least I could do.”
Tony ran a hand through his hair, then proceeded to pace around and beside the piano for the next hour. A few hours later, he found it in himself to tune it. By the evening, he still hadn’t managed to play it.
“Sorry,” Steve said when Tony didn’t have anything to add. “I know that’s a lot to throw at you. I didn’t mean to just go on like that.” He smiled ruefully to himself, and Tony got the feeling he didn’t give that speech to just anyone. “You’re a good listener.”
In the following week, Tony made time for the park, stopping by on Monday and Wednesday. The outside air and the good company were exactly what he needed to break up the monotony of meetings and phone calls and paperwork, and more than once he was enlisted to give Carter a piggy-back ride, which he discovered was more than enough exercise for one day. He and Steve texted, sometimes late at night after Carter had gone to sleep.
“Tony. You’ve already helped so much.”
Tony smiled grimly. “That would’ve been too easy. Anyway. It’s not a long list. And it’s not a particularly hard one, either. It’s more the principle of the thing. Believe it or not, you’ve actually already helped. Item one is to make a friend outside of the business.”
Tony dropped the stack of papers as Steve walked in, but it was too late. He knew he’d been caught. He winced, glancing guiltily away as Steve set a mug of coffee down in front of him. “Sorry,” he said, wishing he could actually kick himself. “Sometimes I have an impulse control problem. And I’ve been dealing with so much paperwork I just sort of want to…” He shrugged helplessly. “Pick stuff up.”
Tony laughed. When was the last time anyone had used the word beautiful in relation to him? Not since his company had released the new Iron Man tech, and that hadn’t really been about him, had it? It had been about his machines. Still, somehow it was easy to take a compliment from this small little person and believe it. She’d said it so easily, like it was an indisputable fact. Maybe that was what Tony needed to make people see him differently: not a suit of armor, but a flower crown.
sorry.” Tony shook his head. “I’m… I’m not good with boundaries. I heard what you said and I didn’t listen.” He looked down at the ground, staring at their feet. “For what it’s worth, I just wanted to help.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said, and Tony could tell he wasn’t talking about the kiss.
Steve shook his head, like he knew that wasn’t true but didn’t want to waste his breath arguing. “I actually came to bring you this.” Steve handed him a bright pink envelope. “Carter said she wanted to invite the Piano Man to the party. That’s her name for you now.”
“Fine.” This conversation wasn’t going the way Tony had planned, and he couldn’t help the resentment that spilled into his voice. “It’s Dad’s. Howard’s.” The slip made him want to kick himself. He hadn’t called Howard ‘Dad’ in years. Why now? “The estate finally released the funds. I transferred them to the foundation, and then wrote a check to you.”
. Tony was getting the impression that Steve was one of those good people he kept hearing about, the ones that were always kind and selfless no matter what. It felt good that someone cared, even if it was someone he’d only met a few days ago. Maybe there was something to this whole friendship thing. Did he and Steve count as friends? He wasn’t sure.
“You heard me, Tony. I’m asking you to leave.”
“Yeah. That’s perfect.”
The park was his new favorite place, and Steve and Carter his new favorite people. He wanted to say yes - but with his new work obligations, he couldn’t promise anything. “It’ll depend on my schedule,” he said tentatively. Then, he had a brilliant idea. “Let me give you my number, and I’ll text you when I’m free.” Tony held out a hand - without hesitating, Steve slipped his phone out of his pocket and passed it over. Tony punched in his number and added his name. “There,” he said, handing it back. “This is my actual cell phone, so it’s top secret. Don’t go giving it to reporters or weird stalkers or anything.”
“Alright,” Tony said. “What should I play?”
and his heart nearly melted when Steve picked Carter up and danced with her. It must’ve been soothing, because Carter was asleep by the end of the song, her head heavy against Steve’s chest. Tony lifted his hands and stood up slowly, closing the piano as quietly as possible.
He’d had fun at the party. Still, it felt like he’d been holding his breath for hours, waiting for something to go wrong. Now he finally allowed himself to breathe, relaxing his shoulders. He looked out the kitchen window at Steve, watched as he flipped the kiddie pool over and water streamed out onto the grass. That must’ve been the last of the cleanup, because Steve stood and stretched, then turned back and caught Tony looking. Tony licked his lips, then waved stupidly.
Steve stood and stepped in close, and suddenly Tony realized just how tall Steve was. Steve crowded into his space, his hands finding Tony’s waist as he leaned down to kiss him again. “Lead the way,” he said, following Tony toward the stairs.
The man reached out to take the girl’s hand, then acknowledged Tony, meeting his eyes. “Sorry,” the man said. “She loves to meet new people. Can’t seem to get that whole ‘stranger danger’ thing to stick, so I’ve gotta watch her like a hawk, and even then, things happen. As you can see.”
Damn it. “Well gee, that’s my cover blown. What gave me away?”
. He licked his lips, suddenly speechless. Damn it. What was happening to him? Did he not remember how to take a compliment? Did he not remember how to flirt? Of course, it was probably for the best that Tony didn’t start in with something stupid and flirtatious. The man was someone’s parent, after all, and where there was one parent, there was often another. Maybe this man was already attached.
Oh shit, oh shit,
Tony clenched his jaw. Swallowed. Listened to his own heartbeat pounding in his head. He could barely see through the tears gathering in his eyes. He turned around and stalked out, his footfalls quick and quiet, the only sound the screen door clattering closed behind him. He made it to his car with seconds to spare before the panic swallowed him whole.
“Great,” Steve said, his voice light with excitement. “We’ll bring dinner this time. If that’s alright.”
“They get bigger every year,” Steve replied, but there was no bite in the complaint. Tony wasn’t surprised. He was sure Steve enjoyed spoiling his daughter on her birthday. Plus, a bigger party meant more friends. Every kid needed friends.
“Come to the party,” Steve said, soft and persuasive. “Tinkerbell will be there. And we’re having ice cream."
Carter said before bouncing off toward the see-saw.
He sent messages. Messages of apology. Messages asking what Steve wanted him to do, if Steve was okay, if Steve was ever going to talk to him again. No response. The radio silence was deafening, and Tony still couldn’t figure out if he deserved it. He considered deleting Steve’s number from his phone. He thought about throwing his phone out the window, but that would have been a childish, not to mention expensive, outburst. He settled for turning it off and tucking it under his pillow.
“Steve. Come on.”
“Pixie dust!” Carter shouted, flinging her hands up into the air. The glitter flew everywhere, and Tony let out a fake scream.
“Steve, please-”
Steve swept his thumb over Tony’s cheek, nodding in agreement. “That sounds fair to me.”
“What’d she give you?” Tony asked.
“Don’t be sorry,” Tony said. “I… Shit,” he repeated, because once apparently wasn’t enough. “Are there not grants for that sort of thing, or… I don’t know. Charities? Hell, I’d give you Howard’s money if I could,” he thought out loud, only half joking.
Steve smiled, apologetic. “Your cover on Time Magazine.”
Tony shook Bucky's hand. “Hi. I'm Tony.”
“I was wondering if you might want some company,” Steve said. “And I brought wine.” He held up the bottle as if it was some kind of incentive. Tony couldn’t fathom how Steve hadn’t figured it out by now - Tony didn’t need any incentive to want to spend time with him. None at all. Steve’s company was more than enough.
This was spinning out of his control too fast, and Tony didn’t know what to do. “I know that. I know not everything can be perfect. I just thought-”
“Another story you won’t find in the papers. You’re getting the inside scoop here, Steve Rogers.” He looked down at his hands, thoughtful. “It’s been a few years. When my mom died, I couldn’t find it in me to play. And then when I moved out of the house and away from the old piano, I just never bought a new one.”
“I guess so.”
“It’s not a problem,” Tony said, hanging his sunglasses over the front of his sweater and getting to his feet. “I was actually going to buy myself a crown later today, so she saved me a trip.”
Tony dislike kids? Or had he not met enough of them to judge?), Tony reached out and took the flower crown, setting it on top of his head. “How do I look?”
Steve nodded. “Just because I was mad, doesn’t mean I stopped thinking about you. I’m sorry I stopped talking to you. I promise I won’t do that again.”
“No problem.” He heard Bucky’s soft footfalls behind him, and then the creaking sounds of the staircase. He grabbed the remote and turned the TV off, standing up and making his way to the kitchen.
“She likes you,” Bucky said when he was finally finished sweeping.
Steve kissed back like a man on a mission, lips soft and probing, tongue sweeping into Tony’s mouth like Steve was trying to learn every secret part of him. Steve’s hands slid into Tony’s hair, soft, gentle, almost reverent, and Tony whined, a little noise that was barely audible over the sounds of their lips coming together.
He was famous for blowing off important investors and falling asleep during board meetings. Or at least, he had been. Was he becoming a better person now that he’d finally gotten out from under Howard’s shadow? Or was Steve just easy to listen to?
Kids’ parties were fun, but they were dangerous. He’d have to be more careful next time.
Tony hadn’t expected the man running the ice cream truck to hand Carter the container of sprinkles, nor had he expected his whole hand to be covered in the colorful sugary pieces. This was a day full of surprises, he supposed. And he couldn’t find it in himself to be upset by any of it. He ate the ice cream, sprinkles and all, and didn’t object when Steve offered him a wet wipe to clean up.
He waited, watching the little dots flash as Steve typed his reply.
“Right. Yeah, that’ll do it.” It hadn’t been the cover he’d expected. Howard’s health had been declining for years, but his death had still come as a surprise. The magazine had called Tony for a statement, rewritten the article, and had spun it as ‘Stark Scion Takes the Reins, Inheriting Father’s Fortune.’ Laughable, considering Tony still hadn’t inherited anything. Howard’s will had been very specific. Tony’s trust was still intact, he’d gotten the money as soon as he’d turned twenty-five. But in terms of Howard’s estate, that money was wrapped up in… conditions.
The party was an unmitigated success. When Tony arrived, he was greeted at the door by no fewer than four of Carter’s friends, as well as Carter herself. She grabbed his hand and tugged him inside, dragging him through the house and toward the backyard where Tinkerbell was setting up a magical play area. Steve had even filled up a kiddie pool, and Tony wondered if he had any hope of keeping his clothes dry through the end of the party.
“Thank you,” Tony said to Steve as Carter ran back toward the playground to play with the giant tic-tac-toe board. “You didn’t have to do that.”
“Tony Stark,” the man says victoriously, “Iron Man. My men found this in one of his Area 51 storage units.”
He imagines Lucy getting his message, wants her to. Maybe she’d turn around on it. Maybe she’d love him, like grown-ups love each other, and tell Doris off for talking about him like that.
Apparently a man of tradition, or perhaps just unwilling to stay around the smell of vomit, Steve is headed for the sitting room. He puts Tony down on one of the yellow couches and steps forward to fiddle with the TV.
He realizes the chair had fallen because Steve had twisted his left ankle and broken the chair leg. Despite having been on top of him, Tony hadn’t felt him move.
The understanding that he doesn’t know how he got here or who he is with settles over Tony with an easy calmness. He sits up, and the man stirs, propping himself up on an elbow. He’s handsome in a plain, straightforward way, no frills, like a face peering out of propaganda posters. Tony likes him, he decides.
“Gorgeous souls, or some shit,” he slurs, accepting another glass from the butler, “what does anyone really care what the dangly bits are shaped like, old boy?”
Steve reads about aftercare on websites featuring pictures of flowers that look like vulvas and corporate style cartoony art of people with hairy armpits joyfully holding buttplugs, which Tony somehow finds both better and worse than the Cosmopolitans where his ex girlfriends had learned
“That I won’t like it?” Rogers wipes pizza grease off his fingers and stands, eyeing the book. Tony wonders if he’s thinking of a tussle. He’s not a fan of that thought, because he doesn’t see himself coming out on top. “I could just lie.”
Tony makes a point of leering, the kind of joke leer men give people they can’t possibly find attractive. He lets his eyes linger on every place the suit fits too tightly; the biceps, the neck, each perfectly outlined ab. The pants are a little baggier, but Tony has a vivid imagination and Captain America probably has a big dick.
“Why’s she gonna be easy?” He asks, though he doesn’t actually want to hear about Arnie’s soulmate — the jealousy, he’s sure, comes from his being anything but easy.
“You’re drunk.”
He doesn’t know who’s on the ground; no one had bothered clueing him in. CNN informs him that confirmed sources place Captain America and Spider-Woman on the response team, and he wonders if it’s the ex-SHIELD crew, mostly, that Steve is rolling with.
Hey, Cap. Uh, just wanted to call and check in, since I never heard back from you. I hope you’re alright.
Tony wonders if he’s self conscious. He’s young, underneath it all. He could be the youngest person in attendance; he’s at least a decade younger than most of the crowd. Tony himself, boy genius Tony, PhD-before-eighteen Tony, too young for the tumor in his brain Tony, has five years on this man.
Tony gives up on talking to him before then and goes to strip off the suit in the laboratories upstairs, taking the time to rinse off not only the flight gel but also the vomit. He’s sure he still must smell, but he’s also sure he won’t be the only one.
They want him to build weapons for them.
“Now, we can’t have him interrupting.” The man steps forward, pulling something dark out of pocket, black leather. Steve tries to crane down to get a better look at that, and stops short.
Well. This could be a problem.
Steve sat down by the counter, and the Wasp perched next to him, playing with one of Tony’s paperweights. They watched, both uncomprehending, as he turned dials and knobs, frowning slightly at the device.
“I think I know,” Tony says, barely conscious of the words coming out of his mouth, “what you lied about.”
“I’m sorry about how I reacted,” Steve says. “I think I…”
After this, Steve gets opinions about things.
By then, it’s all over.
He forwards the information to the authorities, checks his phone (no news from Steve), and returns to doomscrolling, contemplating his next move.
“Paintings?” Steve asks quietly, and Tony wonders how it had been that this had been the stray thought they’d shared, what or who determined what was important enough for a soul bond to carry over.
This time, it’s Steve who kisses him. He feels the physical sensations less, now; it’s more as though he’s being pulled under a tidal wave of feeling, pulled along to a place where he’s perfectly understood.
“Go take a shower,” he says, even though he’s never objected to a little sweat, “you stink.”
It takes him no time at all to pick Amora herself out of the crowd. She stands several inches taller than the tallest of the men, waves of golden hair cascading down her back, a long green dress sparkling the light. People around her are attracted to her orbit, her drink, her food, clumping around her like driftwood catching on rocks. Steve wonders if they’ve noticed the deviation from the norm, or if something about her forces them to accept the roast pig and mead as regular party fare.
“I don’t think we’re actually at any risk of magic STDs,” Tony says, and Steve huffs.
hangs in the air between them.
He thinks he hears Steve mutter
and underneath, perhaps,
“Well, if that’s interest I’m hearing in your voice, I’m still young at heart.”
Cap reaches in and pulls the present out, holding it up to let its scratched surface catch the light. Tony watches his micro expressions; the surprise, the burst of nostalgia, just a little mournful. For a moment, he wonders if he’s miscalculated, and then Rogers grins.
Steve takes a deep breath and closes his eyes. Tony can see him count to ten. He can imagine what he’s telling himself — Tony’s hurt. Tony should be allowed to lash out right now. Things are bad enough without the two of us back on our shit, again.
That night, as he pens the final lines in his journal, he remembers the flowers he’d once drawn on his arm. He doesn’t have roses to look at, now, but clover grows in the grass just outside the tent. On a strange whim, he steps outside and finds the most perfect clover flower he can, brings it inside, under the light, and tries to capture its rounded, slightly spiky softness, over his wrist, smearing ink on his thumb to shade the spaces between the petals.
He’d liked Thor, too. It seems as though, lately, he’s kept up a nice track record of being pleasantly surprised by tall, blond, buff men.
Steve knee walks forward, a tiny, delicate little step that seems almost comical to Tony, his face screwed up in concentration. Tony sits up slightly on his elbows, watching him through his eyelashes.
It’s what he expects to happen this time.
“I’m fine.”
Firstly, that he was right. He’s unworthy of being Steve’s soulmate. He doesn’t deserve him. He hasn’t even revealed himself to Steve, yet, and he’s already managed to hurt him so badly.
Not the most reassuring of words.
“Captain America’s gonna lie to me, now?”
Which is how I feel which I guess is what it boils down to.
He supposes that wouldn’t work well with wax.
“It’s fine,” Steve says quickly. A second cut follows the first, criss crossing it, and Tony sees Steve wince in pain, several shades paler than he’d been a moment before.
He doesn’t make a big deal of it. Tony Stark is nothing if not effortless charm — the disinterested air of a playboy comes to him as easily as breathing. He waits for Rogers to talk to him first, and waits, and waits, and waits.
Tony supposes it’s his, after all. “It humanizes you.”
Re: me sleeping with Iron Man & Molecule Man, this isn’t how I expected things to go.
“Yeah,” Steve says, unimpressed, “maybe he’s shy.”
He’s dropped his beer. Giant-Man is concerned, offering him the roll of paper towels to clean it up with, asking what had happened.
“Who are you?” He demands. “How did you get here?”
“What if it’s someone like,” Doris casts her eyes around, looking for an appropriately unappealing target, and lands on Steve, “Steve Rogers.”
Every single part of him is tired. His brain is tired, the kind of tired that often makes him turn to the bottle, a too-raw, too exposed tiredness that leaves him too wound up to sleep. His body is tired,  an achey tired that makes it impossible to relax. His little day planner seems sag under the weight of the appointments contained within. Even his skin is tired, bruised and over-tender, the concealer greasy and heavy on his face. It feels woefully inadequate for the shiner Iron Man had just gotten, the one that had dented all the way through the helmet, bent metal hitting Tony’s skin. It feels like people are going to know.
She looped her arm through his and tugged him down with her, chattering all the while. “OK, so. I’m gonna be covering his eyes, which is gonna be hard since he’s too tall for his own good, so you’re gonna have to get all the doors and catch us if we fall, chap, are you ready for that? I’m sure you can bench-press us, so—“
Heavy footsteps sound in the hallway. Speak of the devil.
Tony puts a hand on Steve’s lower stomach, the bottom of his palm brushing against the place where his pubic hair starts in earnest, and pushes him lightly towards the chair. “Take a seat.”
He wonders if when Captain America had gone under the ice for the first time there had been people left behind to hate him for being imperfect. He’d always heard the clean story, the easy story — he’d been a hero, and we’d all loved him, and he’d given his life to save us. It’s the same story they’re going to tell now, the only way Captain America’s life can end. Had Peggy Carter once been left behind to hate Steve for what he’d promised to do for her, too?
Tony sees the spy’s jaw relax marginally as he heads towards Rogers, like he’s figured something out, and he already knows he’ll hate whatever conclusion the man has come to.
Natasha shrugs, worming her thigh out from under his head, and stands. “Suit yourself.”
It’s the terrain. Both of them should know by now to mistrust mountains.
Steve pushes into him too slow, and then moves sudden and fast. Overwhelmed, Tony closes his eyes and lets the sensations wash over him in waves. Steve knows his body, pushes in hard, deep, hitting against the sweet spot almost each stroke. His thighs ache, jostled each time Steve’s skin brushes against them. Steve’s hand, rough, is on his cock. Steve’s hand, gentle and familiar, cups his hipbone.
“Are they in here?” Steve calls, and, before Tony can sit up enough to see what he means, he cracks open the inner closet door. Tony hears his short, surprised intake of breath. “What’s all this?”
And yet he can’t help being upset about it.
“Shit,” Tony breathes out. Steve has taken him all the way down, his nose pressed to Tony’s skin, buried in thick, dark hair. He’s hollowed out his cheeks, sucking the best he can. “You’ve got a second to back off here, or else I’m gonna fuck your mouth.”
One of the first thing Steve Rogers has done, in the 21
The sound of swishing skirts alerts both of them at once to Mrs. Roth’s presence in the room. Arnie jumps, disentangling himself from Steve with a speed that suggests he’s been caught doing something wrong.
“Just a suit. Here, do you want to—“ She’s already keying in a code and pushing open the door of the lab.“Tony, dear? Are you in here?”
“Over here!” Steve calls out unnecessarily. “Give us a hand, pal!”
began to sound more like an
“I’m awake,” he says, before Steve can ask.
Tony escapes the room, his heart beating hard in his ears, and wonders if it’s normal to feel so afraid of his soulmate.
“Well,” Steve starts, a little uncertainly, one arm in the sleeve of his heavy coat, “that was a nice night. Thank you for having us.”
Strictly in the platonic sense, of course.
He braces himself against the arm of the chair slides into Steve’s lap, hoping that touch will close the distance between them.
He’s got enough dark secrets as it is. If the paparazzi hear he’s sleeping with Captain America—
“Confetti on your shoulder, my dear,” Tony said, reaching over to pluck a bright green piece from her dress, “and my birthday yesterday. I’d hardly need to be Sherlock Holmes. Will you find the showers okay, Cap?”
Now, though, his attention snaps immediately into high gear.
He glances down at his notecard, corrects himself.
“Doesn’t he ever take it off?” Steve asks.
“I can’t do this,” he groans, “I can’t, I can’t—“
"Yeah." Tony presses his forehead against Steve’s shoulder, leaning most of his weight on his immovable frame. “I think I’m in love with you.”
“I hate this game,” Steve announces, stripping his shirt back off. The tension between them, Tony thinks, is genuine. Trouble in paradise. “Jan, we’re gonna have to go soon. I want an early start—“
They had met alone in the ballroom of the mansion, having beat the rest of the team by a good ten minutes. Tony had given him shit about it.
He knows Tony, inside the suit and out.
He’s the pleasant kind of buzzed, which is rare these days, appreciative of the company and the warmth of Natasha’s skin on his. Thor’s the only person invited who hasn’t shown, and Tony isn’t surprised; as much as he loves the guy, he’s felt like the fifth wheel a lot, lately.
He needs a line.
He feels like he’s hearing the ticking of a bomb, and he doesn’t know which side had dropped it.
Now isn’t the time, though. Tony sits down on the corner of the plastic table and pulls the book out of Cap’s hands, flipping through the pages.
Steve’s longing turns sharp and angry.
Steve turns to look at him. The eye contact they make goes on too long, Steve’s pupils so wide his blue eyes look almost black.
“That so?” Steve asks, not bothering to hide his skepticism.
Silently, Steve guided Tony over to sit on his bed, helping him down. Tony was staring down at the floor, avoiding his eyes. “You’ll be okay,” he repeated, “won’t you be okay?”
“And then,” Lucy is telling Doris, her voice as confident as anything, “I’m gonna marry my soulmate n’ we’re gonna live in a little house with cherry trees upfront.”
Tony closes his eyes and lets his head
“All of my problems are dead and gone, I’m afraid,” Tony says, shrugging, and, when Steve still doesn’t budge, he prods. “Go on, then. Let me live vicariously through your relationship with someone unlikely to try to kill you.”
It’s a vulnerability that Tony has barely ever seen from him, and he knows not to make a big deal out of it, not to stop and comment.
They lock eyes.
Tony Stark is the reason he’s never known Iron Man. And Molecule Man
“Thank you.” If it weren’t for the circumstances, he’d think Tony sounds amused.
Without thinking about it, Steve smiles back.
“Always. Everything’s back up and running.”
So Tony kisses him.
“Uh.” Stark twists the cord, spinning it in the air. It’s a nervous gesture. “You should go.”
He hears the shower turn off and strips, methodically, the way he does getting ready for bed. Shirt off, into the dry cleaning basket. Jacket and pants back in the closet. Socks into the laundry. It leaves in nothing but his underwear. It’s a thong, cheerfully red and on-brand.
try to be okay with each other.
Steve is gone
he says, or,
He gestured at the machine he was looking at, frowning. “I’ve been getting some really unusual readings here in the lab. Might be a ripple in spacetime, even, so I’m gonna have to check this out.“
This is a break from tradition, unusual for Steve. The diner is familiar; close to base but distinctly simple, American-style, the one they go to on the rare occasions Steve or Hawkeye picks the venue.
He turns his hand over, and shows her his right thumb, where another person’s fingerprint had unmistakably been etched over his own thumb, close set ridges in an unmistakable swirling pattern. Underneath it, on the skin just under his wrist, another shape pokes out from beneath his sleeve. It's a faded, water-damaged pattern, a circular shape with a long line jutting out.
Tony glanced up at him, a sharp, birdlike gesture.“What?”
his ass. They’ve been running into each other far too often these past few weeks, like Steve has purposefully mastered his patterns, like Steve is trying to put them on collision course.
Steve doesn’t stop him.
“Don’t put your shirt on, though,” Jan says, as he picks her up bridal style.
Tony feels cold dread in the pit of his stomach, anticipation of failure, of rejection. This, he decides, is the feeling he likes least.
By the time they drive the lava monsters back, Steve can tell that Iron Man is exhausted, his walk less natural and more supported by the suit. He didn’t sleep well last night — Steve gains this from the dark circles under his eyes, visible through the slits— and at the end of the day he must just be a regular man, nothing like the super soldiers than surround them.
But there was nothing wrong, was there? They were at a party. All of them were drinking. He’d only been polite.
The car key slips and slides in his sweaty hands. Distantly, he considers how driving with a migraine compares to driving drunk. He considers if he’s being irresponsible. He considers if he has any other option. He drops the key, bends down to pick it up, and—
“Oh, yes,” Amora is saying, her voice melodic yet somber, easy to make out, “yes, quite new. I’ve been looking for an old friend. I know he’s made a home, of sorts, here. I’m sure he must walk among the finest members of society here, but, alas, I’ve had so little luck…”
When he turns to face him, Steve feels the first pinpricks of guilt; Stark looks genuinely scared. He’s white enough in the face to pass for the ghost Steve had taken him for, and he can’t seem to get his breathing quite under control. The little device he’s been holding has fallen onto the floor.
XXX-XXX-2444, identified as A. Stark’s landline phone number. Unanswered.
Steve, finally, pulls his hand back.
and sends none of them.
“You came?” He sounded a little surprised.
Tony very much does not like the sound of that. “What’s it do?”
“So,” he says, turning to Steve, “it cuts you when you lie.”
Steve exhales a little bit, relieved, and glances around the room for anything they can use to free themselves.
“Never have I ever cheated on a boyfriend,” Natasha announces loudly, drowning both of them out. She’s the best liar of them all; Tony, who’s been sleeping with her for almost a year, can’t tell if she’s being honest or not. It rankles.
doesn’t mention weakness, and he’s rewarded for it when Steve speaks up again.
He wants to push Rogers around. He wants control. That, too, is natural enough; he’s never gone for easy, and to bring someone like Rogers to his knees — anyone would want that. Anyone, straight or otherwise, would chase that power rush. It says nothing about him that he didn’t already know.
“Sure,” Tony said, “Come in.”
She nods and sets her jaw, tamping down on whatever she’s feeling. In a moment, all emotion is gone from her face, even her eyes. The sudden neutrality almost unnerves Tony.
Jarvis or Vision, did not have a comeback for that and didn’t open the entrance; which was kinda unusual.
"The power of the Iron Fist and the Hulk," Danny smiled. "Good job, Hulk." The Hulk grinned at him.
“I need you to give me one shot. Give Steve the other shot, he needs it.”
Damn, it’s been over 4 hours since he last heard Steve’s name being said. It was a good 4 hours. Distraction was so underrated.
Happy reading! :D
“I am so glad, Clint,” Wanda spoke. She was standing behind the couch Tony was seated on.
“One portal closed, guys,” Steve said. He felt slightly relieved. “The rest of us, pour it on! Push them back! Team 3 keep looking for the second stone.”
It took some time for Steve to realize the true meaning of Tony’s words. And it was then he also realized how much of an impact Steve had had on Tony’s life.
He slowly lifted Tony up. He was carrying him bridal style. He started to walk towards the first few medics who had landed from the helicarrier. The rest of the heroes followed behind him.
“Appy”
Steve placed the medication away and sat closer to Tony. He brushed back Tony’s hair, barely stopping the tears from forming in his own eyes. “Howard is wrong. He’s been wrong about you, Tony. And I’m not disappointed with you, I never was. If anything, I really love you. You gave me a home, a family. You gave me a reason to keep living in a world that moved on without me. Tony, I really do love you.” Tears fell out of his eyes. He quickly wiped them away.
The other babies snuggled closer to Linda. She protectively tried to hold onto all of them. Kayla’s fate on the other hand, was worst. The Frost Giant pushed her to the back. She had no control of her movement. Her head was spinning and by the time her vision returned to normal, she blacked out.
“Everybody, it’s best to get out of here because things can and will get explosive,” Tony said as he flew in. “Avengers, all cybernauts are entering the bank.”
“Sam Wilson, how do you do?” Thor asked. He settled on the couch.
“Hey,” Bruce greeted him once he heard the noise. “Welcome back.”
Natasha smiled at that. “I think we need to help Steve.”
“I’m fine,” Tony managed to say. “Nothing to worry.” He was still covering his nose, but he didn’t see the blood dripping down his shirt. Steve had seen that though. And so did his other good friends.
Tony called back the hammer. The hammer stopped mid-flight, right in front of a lamppost, and flew back to Tony’s stretched out hand. On its way back, the hammer hit the assistant on the head. His body fell forward onto the road.
“No,” Tony said. He was looking at the leaves instead of Scott. “Dad always said I’m good for nothing. So I can’t be worthy. But you can try.” He smiled at Scott.
Before anyone objected, Tony gave them a light-hearted glare and motioned for them to go. The five of them walked to the counter. After a few minutes of waiting, they were getting ready for the ride. Tony was just standing, and was watching them sitting down nervously.
The jet made a good landing. Tony quickly shut off all the controls and left the back door open. The three men exited the jet. They walked straight in.
Don't we all love a protective Steve Rogers.....
“And I’ll go back to 177 Bleecker Street first for the cleaning up. Gosh it’s terrible there. And I’ll visit Tony in the medical unit once he gets up.” Doctor Strange adjusted his Cloak.
Thank you for the support so far guys. Sorry I posted this a day late because I was busy going to school for Radio DJ training and wrapping my best friend's birthday gift. I'm horrible at wrapping.
“See you guys soon,” she smiled at the 7 of them standing in the elevator together. Ben had taken the stairs down, with Johnny accompanying him. The doors shut, leaving Bruce and Natasha standing there.
Tony smiled at that. He hissed when he felt himself opening up. He placed his forehead on Steve’s shoulder, inhaling his cologne. And that itself was intoxicating. Steve was intoxicating.
He tried to put her back into the cot, but Natasha started to whimper. So he brought her back to his shoulder. He brushed her hair slowly, while she snuggled closer to his neck. He didn’t care if his hands started to feel numb or have the pins and needles sensation. He didn’t care if his legs started to hurt or if he started to feel sleepy. As long as little Natasha felt comfortable and safe in his arms, he didn’t let her go.
“Stee!” Tony’s voice signaled the end to the conversation Sam and Steve were having. “Ere! But a piece is missin!”
“Hewwo!” Tony giggled. He was using Clint’s toy phone.
The ride came to an end soon. The six of them got down and walked to get their shoes. Thor’s legs were shaking, and he held onto Bruce for support.
Tony opened his eyes, and looked into Steve’s blue ones. He smiled at him sleepily.
“Yeah. I’ll visit him tomorrow I guess,” Spidey sighed. “Oh my God!”
“Hello?” Sam asked. He was using his hand as his phone.
Cap. Am I alright?”
Tony didn’t say anything. He wanted Steve to go on. So, he kept his eyes on the road, but his ears were so ready to listen to his boyfriend.
“Oh my God, Clint, just ask,” Tony said. He then went back to his room, to take a pair of brown socks for Clint.
Natasha slowly got out of bed. She walked to Tony's side, to help him calm down.
“In a few hours,” Thor assured him with a smile. He stood up from his chair. “I would like to take a break. Perhaps, walk around or get food. I have been sitting here with Clint for a very long time.”
“Can we trust him though?” Clint asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do you mean by
Thor happily skipped to where Natasha was while Clint sided with Tony.
“Right.” Tony scooped Clint up using one hand. He giggled while being lifted up quickly from the ground.
But again, thank you so much for reading part 2 and part 1, if you had. Here's the last chapter. I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter and story!
“Tony,” Steve called him, using the disapproving tone. He shook his head.
“I saved Brooklyn, Cap. And I don’t give a rat’s ass about my safety when millions of others are considered. Oh, and thank you for this fucking de-brief by the way, so useful. Appreciate it,” Tony snapped and walked out of the room.
Professor Williams tried his best to hide his frustration at how diva-ish she sounded.
“Oh stop it, mother hen,” Tony shrugged. He was already opening the car door.
*A lot of swearing in this chapter*
Tony smiled at Thor, and titled his head to the side. Thor brushed back Tony’s soft hair, and was smiling at him.
“I’ll be in my lab,” Bruce said quietly. He wiped his tears away. Before he left, he gave Tony a hug and said, “You can always drop by at my lab for a chat, science buddy.”
The Avengers are uniting!
“Brucey, your avenging pals are here!” Linda’s voice came from upstairs.
“Yeah, probably because I was firing repulsor blasts at those idiots,” Tony smiled.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up. “Uh… no but I thought… It’s fine Jarv.”
“Rand will be happy with the joint project,” he smiled before walking to the elevator.
“Where? The stone is here!” The Frost Giant raised his voice.
“I’m with Steve,” Tony said it too quickly, which earned him an eye roll from Clint.
Tony let out a little giggle, and jogged back to the stairs. He still felt Steve’s cool lips on his forehead. He happily walked down the stairs, thinking about how fun eating at a restaurant with his friends was going to be.
He started to run down the stairs, texting Natasha for Tony’s GPS location. He took a car key from Jarvis and sped out of the house, still hoping Tony was there and didn’t do anything stupid.
“You alright?” Steve asked Tony.
“Hey! I was planning on inviting them over soon!” Tony huffed.
He shook his head a few times. A little smile coming up on his lips. "Actually, it does, Tony… I cannot ask you for forgiveness in Bucky’s name. I won’t do that. You decided to let him go. Once again you proved me wrong. I was sure you would kill him, the moment you saw him. A 100%, no doubt there... And then you... you're perf..." He stopped himself.
“He is a serial killer, but he’s not in his right mind. I believe HYDRA brainwashed him, something… We have to heal him, whatever the costs.”
“What about me?” Steve asked. “I think I’m pretty average, or do you think I’m weird?”
“Oh, now I understand.” Bucky laughed. “You fell for him, no wonder. Met the guy, he’s pretty hot, genius, rich. I would take him, if I wasn’t so afraid of my girlfriend.”
“Yes!” Natasha responded and received a furious look from Cap himself. “He’s safe.” She reassured him, while walking to the door.
Bucky was also the reason he was in Boston right now. The army granted him a second month leave. He asked for it, after his friend told him about this new project. He would get a robotic arm, financed by the army and produced by Stark Industries. He didn’t want to count that as a win, since Bucky lost his limb but this was the best ending they could have wished for.
“Give me some time… I usually don’t let people so fast into my heart.” Tony joked around, but nobody laughed with him. He wasn’t surprised, nobody ever did, he was the only one finding it funny to joke about his death.
“Can you give me something to sleep?” He asked, knowing he wouldn’t calm down if he wouldn’t fall asleep, and he wouldn’t fall asleep without calming down, which was only possible by giving him drugs.
“Try my best.” Tony whispered while his checks got a little rose color on them. It made him look a lot cuter than he already was. It was unfair how Tony was cute and hot at the same time. God should have made that impossible to happen.
“He’s my friend.” Steve answered stubbornly. “I must help him.”
Steve was woken up way too early for his liking. He obviously hadn’t slept well, most of the night he didn’t sleep at all. He knew he would have slept better with the genius in his arms, but he was just not brave enough walking to him, fearing another discussion. On the other hand, he knew that Tony definitely would be brave enough but he was so fucking stubborn to admit he wanted to be close to Steve right now.
“Here, drink this,” Bruce said. Natasha pressed a button and the bed moved up, slightly, sending Tony to a sitting position. Bruce carefully placed the straw in his mouth and Tony started to drink.
After being out with the boys for nearly 2 hours, Steve was walking back home with them. Tony was very tired. His head was on Steve’s shoulders, arm loosely hanging under Steve’s neck and his eyes were half closed.
After 20 minutes of driving, Tony was meeting Sue at the lobby of the Baxter Building.
“Welcome back, boss,” F.R.I.D.A.Y started off, her tone sounded happy. “Project 310 is on the desk table to your left.” After a pause, “Boss, Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes are here.”
“I think we need to find out!” Steve said firmly.
“But do you, Tony?” Natasha asked.
The rest of the Avengers were up to their own stuff in their rooms. Only Steve, Wanda and Sam were in the gym, and even they were wrapping up their session.
Inside the bank, Wanda was using her powers to disable the cybernauts, that were very close to exiting with the cash. Natasha was using hand-to-hand combat on the cybernauts while Clint was firing electro arrows at its waist area.
“Thor is here,” Sam announced. He knew Steve was still sad. So he said it softly.
Some S.H.I.E.L.D agents ran to where the scientist was and grabbed him. The scientist was still firing, and this time, his beam shot up towards the sky. After a couple of seconds, the device vibrated, cracked and stopped. It crumbled, much to the shock of the scientist. The agents dragged him away, while one of them handed the broken device to Nick Fury.
Today, Tony was driving all of them to the theme park. They simply had to squeeze at the back, which they were all fine with.
“For a change,” Steve winked at Tony, while taking Natasha’s side. Bruce then walked to Tony.
Tony thanked Jarvis and raced up to the last level. Up there, he found Steve examining the rooftop gym. Tony could only wondered how long Steve was up here, killing time.
“Good job you two,” he praised them while kneeling in front of them, so that they were at each other’s eye level. He was looking at the complete puzzle in awe.
“This is for you,” Peter stretched out a bouquet. “It’s on behalf of my aunt too.” When Tony hesitated to take it, Peter placed it on his lap.
“Sam will join us in a while,” Tony informed them. “He decided to drive my car back to the Tower.”
“So the stone can send me to the age where I was a pain in my dad’s ass?” Clint hollered. Wanda was more amused by his laughter than the point made.
“-goes on and does his own thing! What’s he up to anyway? Tony, what the fuck do you think you’re doing?”
“Okay, I’ll check on them,” Tony walked further in, where the 12 new punching bags were neatly placed.
“Dude,” Clint swung an arm around Bruce. “Thor looks quite muscular and he looks like a dude. A dude many girls would crush on. So obviously manly screams came as a surprise right!”
“Languish!” All 3 kids spat this out in unison. They were staring at Sam.
“Your friends are not going to save you today, Tony Stark!” the man said, letting out a laughter that sounded plain evil.
“I hope we can find him,” Natasha said. She sounded worried.
“Uh, no Thor the kitchen is there,” Tony smiled.
Tony and Bucky frowned. “Why?” Tony asked.
“Thank you, Tony,” Sue smiled. “You’re the best.”
, followed by Steve’s voice shouting, “Tony!”
“No,” both Tony and Rhodey said in unison.
“Guys… guys!!” Bruce raised his voice from the back. “The four of us are still here!!”
Let me know your thoughts in the comments below! :)
How are Tony and Steve going to stand each other's company in a universe far far away?
“You guys are so mean,” Bruce laughed while taking a sip of soda.
“So you bought some time…” Wanda said. Bruce nodded.
“I’ll drop all those who are ready first. I need to get my suit, which is in the Tower, and so do you, Steve. Bucky and Steve, I need you both to follow me to my lab.” Tony spoke quickly. Bucky’s eyes flew open upon hearing his name. He threw Tony a strange look while Steve frowned.
“You mean… you were… hard in the car?” Tony asked, wondering how it was possible no one noticed because everyone were squeezed in in one car. Thor nodded his head with a cheeky smile.
“Bye!” Tony was laughing and Clint joined him.
“That makes sense,” Tony mumbled. “Oh and Jar… Vision, if you catch me staring at you, it’s because the jacket you’re wearing and your voice reminds me someone I really cared about.”
Tony sighed in disappointment. He could never get Steve to laugh at anything with him. Tony did want to go closer to Steve, he wanted to talk to him and be there for him. But that asshole is a tough nut to crack. Also, his father had valued Steve more than Tony himself. Of course, the resentment was still there.
Tony nodded his head. He then turned to look at Steve. “You alright, Cap?”
“Boss, the time now is 12pm, and the skies are looking relatively clear. It’s a great weather for a walk at Central Park,” Friday spoke up in her calm tone once she sensed Tony waking up.
Tony grinned. Just this morning, Tony was behind the wheel. He sped down Malibu, racing with a stranger who didn’t even know he was being challenged.
All of them boarded the cars and they drove off, waving at the shop vendor, who was waving back with a grin.
Tony let go of Bruce and turned to where Steve was.
“Cloak? Mr. Magic’s Cloak…” Tony did some wild gestures. Steve chuckled and nodded his head.
“I uh, I need to talk to the team about the stone in a while,” Bruce said. “That can kind of wait though.” Bruce could feel the awkwardness hanging in the air. But he decided to ignore it.
Had had. So much for being a futurist.
“Listen to Tony Stark!” a security guard shouted. “Leave in an orderly manner!”
A security guard walked towards the car. “Jarv!”
Howard raised his hand and gave one tight slap. When he realized who he had slapped, he was quite surprised.
Royally pissed Capsicle, huh.
“And I have some words to exchange,” Steve said, firmly. He was about to go up the stairs when Tony grabbed his arm.
“Hey,” Steve said softly. “Help me put them back on the cots. Thanks.”
“Thanks for the help, Spidey,” Steve smiled. “And don’t be too nervous.”
“There are a few S.H.I.E.L.D sniper rifles available just a few floors down. You can take the Frosties out from above a building. Ask F.R.I.D.A.Y, she’ll assist you, Bucky,” Tony said. He too couldn’t help but smile at what Bucky was doing.
He stood up, distracting himself from the idea of talking to Steve, who now knew about Tony’s feelings for him. It was embarrassing, honestly, to have a crush on your teammate and he found out. It was like… the worst nightmare scenario in countless number of teen angst novels.
Steve froze on the spot. And Natasha had warning bells ringing in her head.
“No don’t take out,” Steve stopped Tony in their room. He shut the room door and locked it.
“We will,” Sam said, while taking his suit from Natasha. Scott nodded. “See you all.” He told all of them in the jet.
Tony back to him. The Hulk had also gotten up after falling down. He realized Tony had flown out of the window and wanted to catch him. The Hulk really loved Tony. And he was protective of the kid version. Hence, he couldn’t just stand there and let his friend fall. He attempted to run across the room and jump out to rescue his friend.
Both the spies started to laugh, with Clint wiping away more tears. Thor joined them after a few seconds, and he placed Mjolnir on the coffee table.
“We have glorious views from where I come from,” Thor grinned. He sat back and described his house to his friends. “I live in a townhouse in the capital city, and at times, I go to the port with my younger brother Loki.”
Tony immediately knew who she was talking about. “Oh please. I don’t want my mood to be ruined. He knows I am here with my friends.”
Steve quickly turned behind. He was looking at Rhodey, holding the couch to stop himself from falling. “Colonel.”
“I wanted to let them down, friend Steve,” Thor said. “It’ll be nice to let my hair fly while being on the roller coaster!”
He allowed Tony to catch his breath and get his bearings together. Once done, Steve pinned Tony’s arms to the bed.
At Stark Industries, Tony and Pepper stepped out of their meeting room. Handshakes were exchanged with the board of directors and Tony flashed his most business-like smile he could muster.
“Oh young man, you’re hungry aren’t you.” Steve lifted him up. “We’ll get you milk.” Steve took Tony’s big shirt and wrapped it around the baby. He saw the stone, but decided to just leave it there. Baby Tony was too tired to cry. He rested his head on Steve’s firm shoulders. Steve started to feel the hints of loneliness, but brushed that feeling away.
The rest of them settled down. After a few minutes of getting used to the place did everyone realize that the house was fully air-conditioned. Natasha sighed contentedly before leaning back on the couch. She already felt comfortable.
“Maybe he had work to do…” Tony shrugged. “Or maybe he left a file…”
Tony couldn’t take it. He ran back to his room to cry more. He saw a Captain America doll and took it. He hugged the doll and had cried himself to sleep. When he woke up, he was stark naked and was transported back to limbo, right beside the tree. Within a few seconds, he felt himself go dizzy.
“Okay, no hard feelings,” Tony sighed. “He’s just joking!”
Her hair was flying wildly because of the jet. “For God’s sake, push that bastard back!” Luke gave one of the Frost Giants a punch, which sent him flying back.
Steve was determined to bury the stone. It had caused enough trouble. At first, he didn’t know how to get it to the backyard. But Kayla gave an amazing idea. Since the stone only affects living things, she suggested to use a non-living object to transport the stone to the hole dug.
“Boys, it’s too early for a damn brawl!” Natasha shouted. She went back to the room to put away the pocket knife.
“I’m… I’m okay Kayla! A police escorted me. We are being brought down to the underground walkway nearby,” the entire team heard Diana’s voice.
“They can’t- Tony no-”
Thor and the Avengers return back.
Rhodey nodded his head, but it was clear he wasn’t buying it.
Why share with him his suspicion on Obi, if he hadn’t actually cared about Tony that much…
“But-”
“Master Stark,” a voice called out. Natasha turned to look at a middle-aged man smiling at Tony. “There you are.”
“Thank you, Tony. Take care, okay?”
Tony set down his meatball parm on the packet that was open on the coffee table in front of him. Should he start the ball rolling by talking about the actual reason the two of them were here or stall the ‘feels conversation’ by stretching the small talk?
“So… you’re a God?” Tony asked. He too wrapped his arms around himself as it got colder.
“Captain, please violence is not going to be the best answer,” Doctor Strange said. Steve withdrew. His hands were shaking as he tried to control his movements. He then let go.
Within a few minutes, voices could be heard.
“Insults aren’t going to get you anywhere.”
Bethany sat back down with a smile of awe. “You actually noticed.”
Tony let out soft grunts each time he hit a scientist. He turned behind, just in time to catch the heroes running in.
It was such a fun with the kids. He was so stressed out at first because he just didn’t know what to do. With danger looming and all his teammates turned into toddlers, he thought he was going to be all alone. But the girls, saviours really, were there. They provided him with such great support and help. All they were supposed to do was provide a safehouse for the Avengers for only a few days. Not take care of little kids who were wild and active and spend tons of money on clothes, toys, food and other necessary items for them. He knew he should have called Sam earlier. He also knew he should have sent the Avengers Assemble signal to Thor earlier, when Clint had first touched the stone. It was a mistake to delay; to send the signal on the same day he sent Sam the text message, urging him to come to Boston.
Tony managed to break the solid eye contact. He shook his head. “Y…you had a good 100-year nap eh, to…to let out a guttural stretch like the one you just did.” He turned back to his calculations, which he was writing vigorously.
Will the armor be able to take it?
Tony and Steve talk it out. Plus, Clint's and Natasha's pairing results are out!
Clint visibly shuddered. Bruce and Thor were enjoying the view, and took small sips from their champagne glasses.
“You’re just sucking up!” Whitney threw him the middle finger.
Steve was standing on the empty hallway. He closed his eyes for a second. He knew it was stupid of him to back their play by just speaking over the earpiece. But he felt like he wasn’t worthy enough for the Captain America mantle anymore. He was thinking about this when he was in Wakanda. He didn’t really speak to anyone about it; it was usually internal arguments. Steve knew people wouldn’t react well if he told them about this. Tony’s reaction was the evidence. Plus, now, Tony wasn’t happy with Steve.
“What?” Tony asked. He didn’t hear it properly.
“Why not now?” Natasha asked.
It would take exactly four minutes for the genius to figure out that the washed-out photograph was actually the polaroid photo Clint had given the younger version of him, and that the weird teddy bear was actually the Iron Man teddy bear Natasha had given to kid Tony.
Who are the guests?
“We found Clint near the lab table,” Bruce said. “I can’t even get mad at him. He looks that adorable.”
Tony clamped his mouth shut and glared at Clint. And then he asked, “Bruce? Why didn’t you transport him with my kid-self then?”
Tony and his friends visit the amusement park and Howard has some harsh words to share with Tony.
“Alright, it’s time,” Bruce said. He was focusing on his machine.
“Well, I got to go,” Jessica smiled at Natasha. “My friend wanted me to meet her for breakfast.”
Thank you for the support so far! I hope you guys are feeling fine this week! The weekend is finally here. Happy reading!:)
“Oh Aurora!” the mother practically grabbed her and hugged her.
The burger place was situated near the sea, and provided shade, food, drinks and an alternate place to socialize for their patrons. Tony had done some research prior to the trip. He got to know about this place, and that they had the best burgers in town. Their most famous dish was the Juicy Italian Cheeseburger.
“S… sowwy Buce,” Clint managed. His voice was shaky, lips trembling and tears falling.
“Is that a pun?” Thor turned to him with a soft smile.
“Someone manipulated the pairing results…” Clint said. “Who do you think it was, Tony?”
“You could have said something,” Steve sighed. “You scared the fuck out of Ana, Bruce, Clint and even me!” Tony looked away, hating to hear his boyfriend sounding worried. “Anyway, the rest of them decided to hit the beach. I decided to stay here. You can see them by the way. They’re just down there.”
“What?!” Jan panicked.
“Guys, we need a strategy,” Natasha said. She was using her stingers on some Frost Giants. It only did really minimal amount of damage to them. “Iron Man, where is Cap?”
“Friday!” Tony shouted out in panic. “Tell Cap! Tell Nat!”
Stay tuned for part 3 if you want to see Thor helping Tony out with his acting module, and Clint and Natasha participating in the dance competition, in which Wilson Fisk also steps in. There'll be a new character introduced too!!!
“We can spend a day or two here,” Steve said. “We’ll figure something out soon.”
Tony was adjusting himself when he realized Thor was not with the others. “Vision, where is Thor?”
“I need a favor from you tomorrow. But first, you are coming back to the office right?”
Steve slowly shifted Tony to the couch. He then sat beside him. The lights dimmed and the movie started playing.
Happy reading :)
Tony comes back to the Tower to find people waiting to see him.
In the process of reverting back to his normal size, Scott kicked the leader. The leader and his right-hand Giant got the wind knocked right out of them. They flew together and landed on some trash cans. The right-hand Giant immediately got up. He was dashing towards Scott, who immediately passed the pendant to Tony and shrunk himself. Iron Man took off. Daredevil jumped down from above, and knocked the right-hand Giant down.
“I remember Thor saying something about burying it early in the morning will reduce the chances of them finding it. They buried it early morning in Asgard, and the Frost Giants couldn’t find the stone. It’s safer I guess.”
Bucky looked at Steve. He couldn’t believe this was the same man who was trying to kill him out of blind rage in Siberia just three and a half months ago. Steve gave him a smile. He was looking at Tony, who was so focused on his task.
at the alley. Apparently there is another Frost Giant too, like a right-hand man.”
Tony wakes up from his slumber and is ready to go back to the Tower, where many people and even things, are waiting for him.
“Oh, that’s so cool!” Tony laughed out. “Hey, am I in a relationship?”
Tony turned. His eyes were red. He sniffled and took a step towards Steve. Steve forgot his question when he saw his teammate in this state.
“Yeah, Edward is my middle name,” Tony closed his eyes to regain his patience.
Today, Tony was wearing a black suit with a red shirt inside. The heat didn’t really bother him - meeting investors or another company’s personnel in hot weather in formal attire was something Tony was used to.
“Hey, ok ok what do you want, my little girl?” Tony was carrying Natasha now. She was desperately trying to do something, but Tony couldn’t figure out what.
doing here?”
Without giving themselves a break, the Avengers ran to look at what had happened to their teammate and friend. Clint reached there first, and the look on his face said it all.
The Helicarrier was descending slowly, near the East River. The strong gusts of wind were coming from the turbine engines.
“Right?” Tony pointed out.
Steve instructed the little ones to follow him. He was carrying baby Tony. The rest of them followed his instructions, and slowly toddled towards the dining table.
“Sam!” Tony sighed in relieve. “Before you get here, bring in some flamethrowers. They’re in the S.H.I.E.L.D weapons vault in level 54! Quick!”
“I’ll deal with this once I’ve put some clothes on,” Tony sighed. He quickly took some clothes and ran to the washroom.
“Oh shit.” Clint whispered to himself. He raised his hands to shield himself.
“Thank you Steve, fo… for praising my kid-self,” he smiled weakly. “Thank you.”
“Good. Do we have the Hulk with us?” Steve asked.
“I reacted that way because I couldn’t believe what that video was showing me,” he continued to speak. “I just needed to know.”
Tony called his suit to him and got in, knowing he didn’t want to change his clothes.
Natasha brought the Iron Man teddy bear and gave it to Tony. “This is for you. Take it with you.”
“Wothy!” Wanda pointed at Bruce.
“Isn’t it eerie, Cap,” Tony said. “He looks like you, but like, the younger you.”
Bucky tried to raise his arm and wave. He did. He wiggled his fingers and even swung his arm around. He was laughing at the movements. Steve was chuckling at the child-like excitement Bucky was displaying.
After a while, Steve gave the smaller man a firm pat on the back and let go. Tony wiped his tears.
Steve saw Natasha’s features. She was thinking, more of formulating a plan. He could tell.
Then both of them heard a very loud
(See the end of the chapter for
“I was there to talk to Tony,” Howard walked to his cabinet. He took out a bottle of whiskey and opened it. He poured himself some in a glass. “I spoke to him about Stark Industries. And he didn’t like that talk so I left him to it.” He took a drink.
Kayla frowned at him. She saw the hammer he was holding and everything clicked into place. “You are Thor?” she asked.
Where do you think Tony is? Let me know your feedback in the comments! :)
“Hey Nat,” Clint broke the awkward silence that was surrounding them.
“His GPS says highway, edge of the cliff,” Steve spoke. He calmed down slightly, after feeling the Malibu winds on his skin. “But the others can’t really find him there.”
“It’s alright Bruce,” Tony said after Bruce’s 8
The relationship between Bruce and Tony. And a house tour for the benefit of the team.
“You still haven’t told me what you’re doing here.”
“Thor!” Tony grinned. “Myuh-nee was really cool!”
“Tonee.” She yawned. And then lied down on his shoulders, her face pressed against his neck. She seemed content. Tony held her protectively. He turned to look outside the window. He slowly pat her back, so that she could let out a burp. Natasha did, after a few seconds.
“So, I was looking through some theories and equations and one day found out that we have alternate universes. And I might have accidentally created a machine that can transport us there,” Reed explained. “I just sent Friday the schematics.”
Doctor Strange's face softened at that and Steve ruffled Tony's hair.
After a while, Kayla took her phone which was ringing, and went to the second level. Linda was clearing up the table and Bucky joined the others in the living room.
“We were expecting more guests?” Tony frowned.
"No no no no no," Spiderman kept mumbling that, as if it was a chant. Danny swung an arm around him and pulled him closer.
“Thor, whatever you’re doing it’s working! The portal I’m at is weakening. In fact, it’s closing!”
“They do,” Kayla replied.
“The table for 6?” he smiled at the maître d.
The other Avengers gathered there shook their heads, but weren’t exactly surprised. Steve and Tony argued all the time like having hot sex anyway.
“Such a cooperative boy,” Steve said softly.
Tony was watching his behavior for a very long time. He was pretty amused.
Steve was shaking his head. No one needed so much of power in their lives. This was not only dangerous for the person wielding it but also for the people around the wielder.
“Gosh I missed this,” Bruce smiled. He and Natasha chose the loveseat on the right. Within seconds, they were settled in.
He nodded. “Can I go back to sleep now? With you?” He asked, already knowing it was impossible for both of them.
“Is it already morning?” Tony murmured half asleep, Steve definitely moved and he didn’t like to wake up like this.
“Yeah, yeah. I, sure. I’m already on my way.”
Tony sat down, spun around in his chair. “He didn’t remember Steve.”
Pepper got up fast enough. “No, thanks. I have some meetings.” She turned back to Tony. “Again. I’m sorry. If you need anything, call me, and Rhodey or Happy. Keep me updated.” She was out of the room before the men could say another word.
“I thought they died in a car accident.” Sam wondered.
Clint grinned into Natasha’s direction. “I see, Nat is back in her investigation mode.”
Every time, they talked, saw each other, without uniform, without Steve trying to be the perfect symbol of American patriotism. Just Steve sharing his opinions and experiences, Tony did care what he said and thought. He listened to him. He accepted and liked Steve Rogers. He tolerated Captain America for what it was, an image necessary to save the world now and then.
“Our butler.”
First of all, I'm really sorry. I know it has been ages, and I thought about it a lot, but there really was no time.
“Yeah, yes, I am, and I would really like to stay, Tones.” He said softly. “But this is something bigger than me, bigger than anything I ever had to do.”
“Wow, Stark. I hope you’re not just replacing me with just the next soldier that hits on you.” Bucky greeted the genius.
Well you talk like yourself
“As Tony.” Sam interfered.
“Rhodey, listen… The last one, was… I got lucky.” He glanced at Steve, who didn’t know what to say, he knew since this morning that Tony could possibly die, but seeing his friends, his best friends staring him down, near to tears, that made it scaring real. “I need a night or two to think about it…”
He jumped up, put his laptop in his back pack and started running. “JARVIS scan every camera you can find, search for Steve.”
“Okay, but hey, we still haven’t finished the first season of New Girl, you’re up for it?”
“I could go and take it?” Steve suggested. “Or you can allow me to call your friends, or your Dad?”
God, he missed Bucky. He had since his friend fell off the train. But now, knowing he was still very much alive, but not with him and maybe farther away from him then in death, that broke Steve’s heart. But the first of all, he was terrified that one day he would have to choose.
“Rogers?” He said to the person on the other line.
“Probably.” Steve answered.
“You mean for our country?” The man laughed, but again it sounded forced.
“I made sure to use the tablet in the kitchen the last time, so your people could go shopping for my cooking tests. Oh, and I left them some cash, for my part of the food and some for, you know, a tip.”
Glaub mir
Bruce started walking again. “So why is he in the safe room?”
“You’ve never kissed a man before? Lucky me then?” Steve grinned and leaned down for another short kiss.
“I know, and because they hated so much on me, I supported Obama’s campaign last year and I put lots of money in it and that’s why he likes me, and I have a telephone call with him tomorrow and don’t forget we saved New York.”
She grinned now at him. “We will see.” He nodded as they confirmed their bet with a handshake. “Let’s go, Steve is coming back.“
“Put it on, or I will force you.” Steve called back.
“I’m sad.” He simply said. Steve knew then that Tony trusted him, liked him. He never let anybody willingly see his vulnerable side. But there he was, lonely and miserable and instead of shutting everybody out, he decided to come to Steve. Without anybody forcing him. He was opening up to him and Captain America would take everything Tony would give.
But in the end it doesn't even matter
For Tony it was like a compromise between his mind and his heart, even if he knew his heart didn’t real decide on anything. The compromise consisted in agreeing on everything except the transplant. His mind wanted to die right away, and ironically his heart would have even agreed to take a transplant. It had been ready to sacrifice itself.
Enjoy the Chapter and thanks a lot for reading it!
Tony shot him a confused look. “You know, people I picked up at bars, parties… Hook-ups Steve, casual sex. Ever heard of that?” The smaller man looked at him as if he was asking if Steve even knew what sex was.
And after that the Avengers all said their goodbyes until there was only Tony and Steve left. “I’ve got you a credit card if ever you need anything, a phone, pretty simple to use, if you need help JARVIS is in there just say his name and you can ask him any questions you want.” Tony started talking to restrain himself from chicken out. “My offer still stands, you can come back any day and a floor will be ready for you…” Tony swallowed. “But I’ve got one condition.”
He caressed Tony’s hair, while both forced smiles on their faces. “Don’t get me wrong, I don’t want him out of my life ever again but this isn’t my decision alone. I don’t know what’s his plan. I will help him if he wants to, but I have boundaries. You are my boundary. We both know that it wasn’t his mind but it was his face and I understand completely how that is still hunting you. Don’t stress yourself, Tony. We’re going to do that at your pace, okay?”
Tomorrow, Steve would bring him to the hospital, and they would do the last check-ups for the operation and after they would probably cut him open. Wow, he had to stop picturing this in his head. He would be there, supporting him as a friend and only as a friend, and it would be good enough.
“Hold on a minute. Chair force wants my help?” Steve laughed to himself.
“We better fit as friends; we both know that now. And nice sweater by the way… You and Steve, I know I reacted badly last week, but I think it could work out, actually the more I think about it, the more I’m sure that it was meant to be.”
Tony sighed once. “I’m shocked, Captain America isn’t taking the blame all on himself?” He murmured nearly asleep.
Tony sighed and a little smile appeared on his face, maybe they could leave all this behind them soon enough. “Come back as fast as possible, before we act, we watch over everything you’ve got and if necessary I can get in contact with any person needed.”
Now I hate to leave you bare.
Nobody had caught an eye on them yet, people seemed to believe the story that Tony needed a bodyguard, what he even probably did and Steve was that impressive that people actually prevented coming to close to them.
“Man, Rogers.” Rhodey laughed and clapped on his chest enthusiastically. “You’re a good man.”
She took a deep breath. “Obviously, Tony was different, but… Rhodey told me how lost he was, not figurative speaking. He was completely out of his mind. At first, he thought he was hallucinating, and then he wouldn’t stop asking for his dad. Really screaming and crying for him. Only when Howard held him in his arms, he stopped. Then he was extremely silent for a very long time. Rhodey said it was all worse than the search by itself.”
“Automatism, I think, after building bombs, weapons, anything pretty much on a daily basis and everybody just wanting more and better, I just did that. It was a challenge, you know? I hate to admit it, but I really liked inviting that stuff, building something up from scratch, that’s what I love. I found ways to do that without killing people in the process.”
Steve hadn’t slept a minute. He relaxed and his thoughts wandered, but that was all just too much sleep for him. He had slept more the in the last week then he did in the last weeks and months in Washington. Tony needed it though, so he would gladly let the man use him as a pillow.
“Tony, that’s Sam Wilson.” Tony nodded in his direction.
“I’m sorry.” Came out of Tony’s mouth without him being able to stop it. “I’m not doing that on purpose.”
Steve shot him a glance. “Lesson one. You shut your mouth until I’m done! And then you go down to Bucky, and try to get something out of him, anything. Get him to talk.”
The master bedroom had a queen size bed. The room was painted royal red and had a bathroom attached to it. It had a huge window, from which one could look at the side of the house. There was a big wooden cupboard, which was locked. Opposite the bed was a powder table. Their mother sure knew how to live luxuriously.
Tony also realized that he felt his heart beat slightly faster whenever he was around Steve. It was perhaps the excitement of seeing his inspiration, his hero after a long time. He really idolized Steve. His dad poured out stories of the great Captain America, the fearless leader. Seeing Steve in real life was like a religious experience for him.
Steve was just staring at her. He was staring at the girl who had most importantly given him support when he needed it the most. Steve’s fists were clenched. He let go of Bucky and Tony. Bucky toddled toward Linda, while Tony just stood there, transfixed by Steve’s fury.
Steve was adjusting his tie in his room while looking at the orange tinted sky, with streaks of pink extending to the horizon. He had opened the window and a cool breeze was brushing past his face.
Tony reaches over to fuck with the foil wrapper from Steve’s burger. It’s still covered in grease, the lights reflected and warped in its uneven shine.
“Hospital,” Steve says, “we’re going to the hospital.”
He sets the roses down on the microphone stand, suddenly unwilling to approach the casket at all, feeling like something may rise out of it. Barton stands at the same time he leaves the stage, and Tony doesn’t turn to go and see what he’s going to do. For all he knows, for all he’s going to do about it, the man’s here to piss on her still-empty grave.
Just what? There’s no endgame here. He’s not trying to get anything from Steve. He’s certainly not getting laid. If he calls this off, he loses Steve.
Steve is putting a bouquet of blue hydrangeas, likely cut from the garden, on the windowsill. His light blue shirt matches their petals.
“You’ve had too much,” Steve says, wrapping an arm around her waist. Drunk and malleable, she tucks herself against his side, the earlier grudge forgotten.
“I’ll take better care of you tonight, dear,” he promises the leather; he’ll never be out of the habit of talking to inanimate objects.
Tony shakes his head.
Steve stares him down, his expression bemused, and then, seemingly deciding not to fight it, takes a long sip of his Coke.
They don’t talk about what happened, and Tony honestly expects they never will. It’s not their style to talk about this sort of thing. Either Steve will keep doing this with him — Tony has already made clear he’d like to continue — or he won’t.
The older man was unobtrusive as he left. He didn’t try to convince Tony of anything else. He didn’t throw any strange looks in Steve’s direction. He seemed, if anything, only concerned.
I’m upset w/you & I’m scared & I’m pretty angry about it all. I know you had good reason to hide things but I feel like you could have trusted me.
It rings hollow.
“Shame,” Natasha says, finishing Tony’s martini, “I thought this might end quite a bit differently.”
Steve is seven before he seriously gives the idea of soulmates any thought. He’d known about them for ages, of course, in the background hum of storybooks and speculation, but it hits him all at once that, somewhere out there, there’s someone for him.
In the confines of this room, warm and hazy with drink, Tony feels slightly winded, unable to really wrap his head around the possibility. This isn’t how this works. As risqué as they’re getting, here, it stays within the safe confines of two heterosexual couples, the light hazing of playful heterosexual desire. When Natasha had even hinted at anything else, earlier, he’s immediately felt off balance, defensive.
For a few long moments, his upper arm remains unmarred. Then his arm tingles, and here comes the neatly printed response, written in an inept, rounded uppercase of someone trying to disguise their handwriting, “
The blood loss will kill him within minutes if the brain injury hasn’t already. He’s not breathing. Tony has to be realistic.
“Well, idiot, I didn’t come to your spy girlfriend’s funeral in hopes of getting laid, did I?”
If anything is said after that, Tony doesn’t remember it. When he wakes, Steve is gone and someone has tucked a pillow under his aching head. He tries to sit up, and—
Steve frowns at that. “How many does she have?”
They don’t talk sitting in the car, waiting for the hour and change until the time of the meeting. If this was Iron Man, Steve would suggest stopping by the diner a block away. He’d get a burger — he’s still hungry, not having been able to partake in the pork roast — and Iron Man would drink a milkshake through the slit of his faceplate. Perhaps they wouldn’t talk much, but the silence would be companionable, easy. Or perhaps it’d be Steve talking — Steve telling stories from the war, from his childhood. Iron Man is a good listener, though he never says much about himself; his boss, he’s always said, forbids that kind of talk.
This doesn’t go over well at the board meeting.
The room is poorly lit, as these rooms tend to be, and small. There’s no furniture, just metal hooks jutting out of the cement walls. Steve shivers, feeling the chill, wet air on his bare arms, and tries to brute force the cuffs open. They hold steady, the metal unyielding, and Steve breathes in deep, pushing down the rising tides of fear, discomfort.
God, he really doesn’t know what he’s doing tonight.
“Oh,” he says, considering the description of the dead, frozen man in a dead, frozen world, thumbing his nose at the Heavens, “you’ll hate this one, Cap.”
The relative comfort of the scene is interrupted by the long, deep cut that opens up suddenly on Steve’s chest, staining his shirt red. Tony jolts up, suddenly very awake.
, Captain?”
People will know what happened to Iron Man, once someone at the autopsy peels off his shirt and spies the chestplate underneath. The hydrangea is still on his left arm — the imprints last at least a few days, normally. This will get out; he’d had a soulmate, who had drawn flowers on his arm. It will reach Steve, and Steve will know.
he thinks, with horror. Tony, who’d lied to him, who’d betrayed him, who had planned to betray him again. Tony, who he doesn’t want dead, who he’d once loved, still loves.
Presumably, his soulmate is close to his own age. If, whoever they are, they haven’t been arrested — and haven’t enlisted in the army — by sixteen, it’s probably a good thing.
Another long, thin welt forms over the line of his bicep, just over the two Tony has just bandaged up. Tony winces at the depth.
He doesn’t know what the hell he’s thinking.
Tony sits and waits, feeling strangely blank now that he has asked. He can hear Steve rummaging around the closet, and he takes a second to imagine everything that he could pick up. His brain has always done well with possibility, with potential energy, and he sees the shapes of many items, of many acts, unfolding in front of him.
He’s happy for it, really. He hopes that his old man doesn’t have a soulmate, which sounds vindictive but only half-way is. He doubts much of anyone deserves Joseph Rogers, and that Joseph Rogers deserves much of anyone.
Now, Steve likes to put a hand on Tony’s knee when they sit together after missions at the Mountain, his own long legs parked on the coffee table. When Tony’s driving — and Tony drives, mostly, when they go out together— Steve puts his elbow on the center console and curls his fingers lightly around Tony’s upper thigh. He bumps shoulders, rubs elbows, sneaks up behind Tony in the kitchen to press his forehead between his shoulder blades. It’s warm. It’s loving. Tony likes it, craves it when he’s away from Steve.
“Cap!” The man exclaims, looking him over.
“You can owe me one,” Tony shrugs, smug.
“Plenty of smoke coming already from the plane,” Tony points out, gesturing down to the crash. “Get back inside, Steve.”
Steve stares for a moment too long at the empty space he’s left behind, and turns his gaze to Tony’s sorry form.
He can’t deny him the chance.
He’s always known.
“I wanted it with you,” he says, “I’d have let you have me.”
The man holds out the note, and Tony unfolds it. It is short, one line of Steve’s perfect, condensed handwriting.
He’s civilized. He’s not going to lick that off. From the way that Cap’s dark blue eyes catch on his hand, Tony is near-sure the thought has occurred to both of them at once.
“Sir Ian—“ he fumbles for the card where he’d written down the name, realizes he’s left it. “There was an actor talking about it on TV. People talk about it now.”
Steve leaves the shower nude. This time, he’s left the towel in the bathroom.
Steve’s a dear, or perhaps Steve just believes in doing things right. He follows direction perfectly, going just where he’s pulled, his tongue working in tandem with Tony. He doesn’t give any indication he’d like to come up for breath. Super soldier stamina.
Tony makes some kind of humming noise, which grows more insistent when Steve looks over at him, taking the rough shape of a word. “Mmu?”
Tony Stark is standing just outside of Fury’s office, sipping coffee. Caught in his own thoughts, Steve almost doesn’t notice him.
“Oh, Christ,” Tony says, “there’s something I have to tell you.”
but the rest of his mind chants
A year in, things haven’t settled. Tony comes home exhausted, his head aching, and when he falls asleep, still in his dress pants and button-up, he dreams of drowning. He’s fallen into water, freezing cold. Chunks of ice are cutting off his air supply, and as he digs his fingers into the ice, he knows nothing will come of it, knows that this will, certainly, be his watery grave. Something pulls at his hair, at his gloves, and he’s choking, shivering, and the water is in his eyes, his lips, his ears, and—
The moment of the discovery, the feeling of being constrained, sends panicked adrenaline coursing through his veins. He yanks, twice, hoping to brute force it, and then forces himself to calm down and assess the situation.
“Why should I?” He asks, deciding on the direct approach. “You’ve been avoiding me. Why?”
He doesn’t know why he’s allowed to do this.
Tony’s stomach constricts, arousal mixing with the same strange fear. He hadn’t even imagined that.
“I’m gonna take a picture,” he tells Steve, pulling out his phone.
“Yeah,” he says, “I do.”
Steve takes both of his wrists in one huge, white-knuckled hand. Normally, Tony doesn’t feel like Steve is much bigger than him, but right now, Steve feels all-encompassing, like if Tony breathes too deeply they’ll run of space on the bed, in the room.
Tony laughs. “There’s space for a mass media conglomerate,” he tells Rogers, “one adapted for the digital age. If we’re not talking about media and web monopolies in, say, ten years or so, I’ll eat my hat.”
“Of course I will.”
After that night, both of them get busy at once, and for weeks Tony does nothing more than text Steve the occasional overworked nude picture with the bags under his eyes carefully filtered out. Steve, for his part, pursues terrorists on the other side of the country, replying to said texts at the few hours of the night when Tony happens to be asleep.
“Get dressed,” Natasha says.
“Sorry about that,” Steve says. His voice is a normal volume, level, the inflection just right for casual. Part of Tony, the part can’t stand not knowing things, feels satisfied at seeing right through him.
Rogers bristles just slightly, and Tony can’t tell if it’s in response to the suggestion or the pet name. It’s best to offer the dog a bone.
“No,” he says, “I’m in charge, remember?”
He’s faked many things until he has made them, and so he steps forward, smoothly, and pulls on the towel until it slips from Steve’s shoulders.
Though— why would it be? She hadn’t seen anything that was likely to make her suspect Tony. She
Tony thinks, overwhelmed,
“You didn’t join a terrorist organization,” Tony points out, an edge of amusement to his voice.
He leads the two men back to the dining room, past all the hallways where Tony has been boxing up his accumulated junk. It’s humbling, to see his everything he’d impulse bought in his twenties laid out in neat boxes in front of him, as meaningless and disconnected from him as it had been when he’d purchased it.
“We should go,” Future-Steve said abruptly, interrupting them. “Whatever you’ve set it up to do, it’s working. I can feel it pulling me.”
Later, he’ll wonder what she’d wanted, what she would have done if he’d listened to her. Sometimes, he flatters himself, imagines that she’d wanted him, one last time, some kind of farewell present.
“C’mon,” he says, “you’re coming home with me.”
Steve steps forward, catching parts of their conversation as the chatter in the room ebbs and flows.
By the time he’s eleven, he’s copied the print — possible to separate from his, he’s learned, because his is an ulnar loop, and the black print on top of it a plain whorl — and compared it to the prints of every relevant classmate. Ty, the only one who he’s let in on his plans, laughs at him.
“No one
Steve speaks casually, pragmatically, like they’re talking about breaching a top secret facility or training exercises for the team, “Well, at some point, we’ll run out of things to bet on. Thought you could come to my place for a change tonight.”
His pride burns almost as much as his chest. “This was stupid. Just some gangster, some man.”
Like all of the gay porn he watches, it’s about the vulnerability of the act, the idea of being allowed to do something no one else could. He’d always been the kind of child to run through untouched snow, and so it follows, perfectly naturally, that he wants to take Rogers’s macho straight guy, perfect soldier schtick and ruin it.
Steve is a hard man to hurt, but Tony is creative, used to letting tools do the work he can’t. Tony knows all his weak points. Tony can make him cry, can see what it looks like when Steve breaks down completely.
“Uh,” Steve doesn’t know what to do with all this. Fortunately, Stark talks over him.
Steve held the door of the workshop open for her, and she remembered herself and stopped talking.
Steve had wanted to keep the picture himself.
and then Steve—
“Well, that depends on what happens to you, doesn’t it? If someone from your own little team…”
It’s a love language they both speak better than any other. He kisses her neck, her breasts, spending time around her perfectly formed pink nipples, runs his hands along the curve of her back.
The idea of Captain America on his knees with Tony’s dick in his mouth is hot enough by itself that, by the end of the night, Tony’s boner pulls a miraculous return to form even despite the latest round of chemo. His one night stand doesn’t stick around, for which he’s privately grateful, and once he’s called her a cab he pulls himself out of bed and scavenges around for onboarding folder SHIELD had given him.
“Sorry,” Steve said, pulling himself up. Tony accepted his offered hand, and stood with his hands braced on his knees, huffing out like he was on the verge of hyperventilating.
Tony lands down next to them more heavily than he’d intended. Relief has done almost nothing to ease the horrible knot in this stomach.
“That’s three votes for Steve stripping, right?” Janet chirps, disinterested in going down this particular conversational avenue, “I’m counting three votes for Steve stripping.”
he wonders,
“I think you’re exactly as dressed as they want you to be,” he counters, waggling his eyebrows, “don’t think you’ve missed the angles of some of those cameras.”
He’s at home in his own tailored suit, perfectly at ease in the armored car. His sunglasses hide his eyes, but Steve can imagine the crinkle in his lower eyelid that should come with the sardonic half smirk he’d worn on the way out. It’s slipped off now into a perfect, untouchable neutrality Steve envies.
There’s a wolf in the fold.
“Knows how to make a guy feel like the heroine of a Gothic novel,” Steve agrees drily, “big old mansion with nothing but ghosts and a mysterious host in the halls.”
Closed off, he thinks. The correct word is closed off.
Steve throws him a look that indicates, clearly, that he recognizes the unfair play, knows exactly what Tony had done. He’d have to be stupid not to, and Steve is anything but stupid.
“I’ll take you back, Cap.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, and then, “no. Yeah, no, I’m. Listen to me.”
This is playacting as much as all of this is, and yet Tony is drunk, suddenly, on the power rush of it as much as on the Bloody Mary.
He must have misheard what Tony had said, mistook what the slang meant. He couldn’t have possibly— could he?
Tony shrugs. He really does have a meeting, but he doesn’t really need Steve to think he’s a good person. It’s absolutely fine if Steve thinks he’s lying. He stands, and feels his head give a lazy, drawn out throb, his vision swimming a little; the combination of his exhaustion and migraine isn’t a pleasant one. “I’ll see you around, Rogers.”
Steve shrugs, looking almost sheepish.
“Yeah,” he says, “yeah, that sounds fine.”
He reads everything he can find about fingerprints. To his disappointment, there’s no database to find everyone’s fingerprints, and the way the dark outline intersects with the print on his own thumb makes it hard to isolate and identify specific elements.
“You tell us,” rasps the terror cell leader, shoving the clipboard in front of Tony’s face but not undoing the bonds, “they were in the box. Are they the originals, Stark?”
She rises on her tip toes, looking over the lab equipment as though she might spot Stark around them now. “That’s strange. I’d have thought he’d be the first to want to meet you.”
Again, Tony interrupts him. “Nope. No. Not talking until I eat, Cap, ground rules.”
“Thank you again,” Future-Steve said, and gestured to Tony’s plate. “Are you going to finish that?”
“Yeah. It’s an interrogation spell. I think they fired it by accident — it’s designed for torture.”
“I’m gonna be in charge, here,” Tony says, “I’m not playing the virgin.”
He wakes up, always, before he learns what he is. It’s easier that way.
“The game,” he reminds him, “Never have I ever. I still have your shirt, by the way.”
“Any time he lies or misrepresents what he believes to be the truth, it’ll hurt him,” the tech says, “good news is, it’ll wear off in forty-eight hours. So if our good Captain can stay honest that long…”
“I won’t,” Steve assured him.
He got out of his armor. “Pleased to meet you.” Tony stretched out his hand and smiled. Peter reluctantly shook it. “My name is Tony.”
“Have the Avengers adopted a kid?” a female voice shouted.
I want to apologize that it took too long for me to update this story and my other ones. It was so hard to find the time to juggle work and writing. I'm just so glad I could finish this.
“What the…” Natasha gasped.
It was as if Tony was in a cave. His father’s voice was muffled. Everything was slowly turning grey, and Tony suddenly realized that he was holding his breath. He quickly opened the door and slammed it shut.
“Put him through,” Tony said.
“I can be a bad boy too, you know,” Tony smirked.
“Tony! Listen to us!” Steve tried. When it didn’t work, he raised his voice. “That’s an order, Avenger!!!”
Tony’s face was all scrunched up in pleasure, and he looked like he was about to explode.
“They suddenly opened these two portals and started to walk in,” Spiderman said. “I was just swinging by, going home after some rounds and saw the Defenders fighting them. So I joined them! Aunt May is not gonna be happy if she finds out I’m not at home!”
He flew to where Bucky was standing and landed. Scott was about to jump down to the pipe. But Tony stretched out his palm. Scott walked and sat down on the gauntlet.
“Stee,” Bucky cooed.
“Please don’t distant yourselves away from me?” Steve asked. He had a little pout on his face.
“Actually, it kinda is,” Natasha answered.
“You like my face, don’t you?” Tony asked her. “Yeah, it’s a very handsome and expensive face. It’s personal property which looks so good it- hey!”
He showed the Doctor to the back door. A heavy breeze settled in the neighborhood. Doctor Strange’s cloak was flailing wildly, while Steve dug out the stone. Linda had brought the shovel for him. He dug out carefully, to not accidentally crack the stone using force.
And I gotta apologize in advance if I start to post late or stuff, because I'm really busy. But I'll always try my best to update the story!!
Everyone laughed at his comment. Once the doors opened, the team, except for Bruce, stepped out.
Every single Avenger dashed out of their rooms with their weapons. All of them took the stairs, running to the communal level.
“Yeah, like right after your professor meeting,” Tony replied. “And you get to watch us perform.”
“Now that’s not fair, young lady.” Tony teased her.
“Just… wanted to clear my mind,” Steve replied, feeling tired.
“No no,” Tony slapped his forehead with his own palm. “I um… I meant Steve is here and I wasn’t told yesterday…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He tried and maybe he misinterpreted your words… Or you might have phrased it wrongly,” Wanda suggested.
“Brooklyn?” she asked. “Steve from Brooklyn?”
The lot of them laughed at that.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y light it up,” Tony said. He walked in while the lights flickered on. Steve and Bucky were looking up, at the ceiling. “Where did I place Project 310?”
“You took it out a few months back,” Steve held Tony tighter. “You’re fine now.”
“Seems like you guys won,” Steve smiled. “What’s the reward?”
“So much potential, but all wasted in crime,” Thor shook his head. “I mean… if I had found her, I would have recommended her to the Avengers!”
, Steve thought to himself while making coffee.
“Oh,” Steve said softly. He began to go closer to Tony’s face. “I actually can.”
Tony thought, this was it. He was not going to make it out alive in this battle. He closed his eyes and just let his body fall. He was enjoying the wind beating past him. He managed to block out all the other noises coming from his earpiece; they were all his teammates calling out his name in panic. He accepted his fate; there was nothing much he could do anyways.
Hi guys!
“Cap look out!” Tony warned him. Steve raised his shield just on time. A few scientists who were still standing, were firing at Steve, from the right end of the hallway. After the bullets stopped, Steve moved his shield down, and glared at the scientists. Captain America glaring at you would make you want to piss your pants, and that was exactly what the AIM scientists nearly did. Steve ran down the hallway to get them.
“I’m afraid that’s after four years,” Thor sighed. “Brother Loki and I had a fight on the day I was leaving for Boston. I don’t think I want to go back yet, to face them.”
The Hulk roared in response, but his beatings didn’t seem like they were knocking the AIM scientists out. It seemed much worse.
“Poor Vision,” Bucky chuckled.
Steve was about to ask what Clint meant when his right hand was pulled by a great force. And suddenly, he found himself running deeper into the water with Thor. Steve then lost his balance and fell face flat onto the water. Thor and Clint kept splashing water at him to soak him even more.
“Is he okay?” Clint wondered.
“Bucky told me something.” Steve admitted. In the living room, Tony fell back on the couch.
Sam and Natasha were watching the two men from the car. “You know, if Steve would not come out of the forties, I would actually believe there was some sexual tension between them.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Sir! But no thanks, I’m happy your son is recovering, your company is already doing enough for us.” He reassured the man he had seen a million times on paper, in TV. Steve had always been intimidated by the man behind that billion-dollar company, but now… right in front of him, he looked as small as Tony. Just older and maybe weaker, even when it was Tony’s heart that had stopped.
“I didn’t see it! I’m blind sue me,” Clint defended himself.
Now, he was playing with Bruce, Bucky, Natasha and Wanda, near the couch. He used their dolls to create a story to entertain them. For instance, he placed Bruce’s little giraffe and deer dolls together. He brought a giant bird doll, which was Clint’s, and made movements of it flying around Bruce’s little animals. He told the kids that the animals were in danger. Bruce looked like he was about to cry.
Tony got up when he heard a noise coming from upstairs. He found himself in Howard’s office minutes later. And his dad was holding a picture of Captain America and another picture of little Tony. Just then, Obadiah Stane walked in. And so did Peggy Carter. Both of them were assuring him that the police would find Tony.
“Natasha,” Steve started while continuously rubbing her forehead. “If you’re ever in pain, don’t be afraid to say it to someone.”
“Damn,” Tony said. “You can get really horny. You’re possessive too, right? I should have slept with that girl; would have ticked you off.”
“No friend Hulk!” Thor shouted. He used his left hand to stop the Hulk from going further toward the window.
“Damn,” Tony said. “I survived a slap from one of them.”
The quinjet landed on an empty field, just opposite the house Bruce had given coordinates to. The morning sun was shining bright in East Somerville. The sky was azure blue, with little or no clouds hanging around.
Bruce immediately took the first syringe and drew the first shot of the cure. He injected Tony with it as fast as he could. Once done, he pulled the needle out.
Just then, the tablet in front of Tony lit up.
“So that’s why you asked us to pack our presentation clothes…” Clint thought. “You know, I’ve never had a three-course fancy meal before.”
Tony was grinning, looking at the reporters who were trying to get his photos taken. He was also grinning because Captain America had just lied. And that was a myth broken for him. His dad always spoke about how Captain America was the king of righteousness and never lies and was the true definition of courage and freedom.
“Guys, I swear to God, we don’t how to behave,” Clint said quietly.
Tony took off, running and merging himself with the school population. That’s when Jan saw something that horrified her.
The next thing Clint knew, he’s swallowed plenty of seawater, alone. He looked up at the others. “What the fuck?”
Clint looked like he was about to cry. He looked at the little boy, and deep down, he knew little Tony was telling them what adult Tony couldn’t. Natasha on the other hand, gave Tony’s forehead a kiss.
“Bucky, do you think you could move your leg so I could sit here while watching Tony play?” Sam requested, nicely.
“Remember Tony, I love you so much,” Steve said softly. He pulled Tony to him, giving him a full hug. Tony hugged back and did his best to capture this moment in his mind eye. He felt the warmth radiating from Steve, the material of his cotton grey shirt, his breath ghosting down his neck, the way his hug felt and even his smell. Tony noted it all.
“How are you!?” Tony asked.
“I hear something,” Daredevil suddenly spoke up. “I hear a slow heartbeat. It’s very faint.”
Tony was grinning at the people gathered. They were Doctor Strange, T’Challa, Reed and Sue, Danny and Luke, Peter and the rest of the Avengers. They were there with bouquets and pillows with the phrase
“How are you?” Maria Stark asked her son. She pulled him for a tight hug.
Both were just a meter away from the lab. They were staring at the mini gym.
“I… I love my course. I know I know, I love my boyfriend too. But my course… it's like an extension of my passion, if that makes sense. Oh wow, does it make sense? Anyway, I love to throw myself into projects after projects because that's my passion! I'll never trade this course for another. My friend Happy, he's in mass comm and he ends school early at times, but what he does might interest him but never me. So yeah, that's something about me..” Tony ended and was clasping his hands.
“Tony, will you be alright to face the others up there?” Steve asked. He placed his hand on Tony’s still trembling shoulder.
“And in case you’re wondering where your friends and beloved are,” Jarvis said. He walked to the dining table, to pour himself a glass of water. “They’re at the seaside, enjoying themselves. Master Rogers is at the roof top.”
“The pants is fitting, other than that it’s all fine. But really, how do I look?” Tony asked, looking at Steve innocently.
“Cover Steve! He’s all alone,” he informed his teammates, who were more than unhappy with what was going on here. “Clint, get the civilians out first before finding a high vantage point.”
“Hey Shellhead,” she said softly. “I’m sorry about everything. But sometimes, you need to let go.”
“We’re adults?” Scott asked, bewildered.
“Okay Tony, ready to go to the lab?” Steve asked, taking in a deep breath.
But… Tony was a grown up. Why was he worrying about this like he was a college kid who needed some form of love to hang on to? He was a full fledged adult and he could face rejections. He could take it.
Bucky was looking inside with awe. He could see some doors. He also saw some expensive lighting. But he didn’t want to go in.
Tony slipped into his Iron Man themed bedroom slippers and waddled off to his washroom to get ready for the day. If anything terrible had happened last night, he did not show it out. He looked perfectly normal, like a middle-aged man getting ready to hit the best of the corporate life.
“He asked for you.”
“Yeah,” Steve’s answer came quickly. “Just… missed all these.”
“Look at how far you’ve fallen, Anthony,” Howard shook his head. “Is your life so bad that you have to start dating someone of the same gender?”
“Yeah,” Clint scowled. “He’s one of us. We’re not gonna let you off so easily if you lay even a finger on him.”
“I thought of trying!” Tony defended himself in a high-pitched voice. “Thor, if I get that, you’ll help me out right, buddy?”
Tony was still in the room. He was looking down at the backyard. Wanda and Natasha were on the swing set. They were laughing at something. Both of them were talking with strong hand gestures, which meant they were alright with one another. Clint joined them after a while. He gave the swing a push, which made both the women laugh out with joy. They looked like little kids, having fun. It had been very long since Tony saw his teammates this relaxed. He was enjoying the moment; this was a break they all needed, earned in fact.
“Hulk, Tony is already making his way up!” Clint tried. But the mention of Tony’s name aggravated the Hulk even further. He tried to move, but Thor’s grip was so strong, even the Incredible Hulk couldn’t move forward.
“They’re finally here!” Jessica Jones shouted to Luke Cage over the roar of the jet engines. She was fighting near the portal opened at 186 Bleecker Street.
“Meet me at the boardwalk, we need to talk,” Howard quickly said.
“Tony’s dad likes scrambled eggs,” Ana said. She was already taking out a pan to fry some. “I’ll make them.”
Tears rolled down Tony’s soft cheeks. He looked away, trying to calm himself down.
At that moment, Doctor Strange’s voice came through the earpiece.
“We heard some shouting. We thought of coming up but didn’t want to invade your privacy,” Natasha said. She sounded very concerned.
“We’ll take it from here,” Natasha said. She took the luggage from Linda, and Wanda took the luggage from Kayla. Before Natasha walked to the jet, she felt like saying something to the girls. “Thank you both of you, for your help. I’m sure Tony will do something for you guys so that you can call the Avengers any time you need help with anything. Thank you, again.”
“What are you doing?” Clint asked for a lack of a better question.
“Guys,” Steve gritted his teeth. “I think we all have work to do. Natasha, you’re in-charge of taking care of Tony. Clint, I task you to write a detailed report about this mission, for the Avengers database. I want this by tomorrow night. Also, get your injuries checked out. Go to the medics now. Thor, you are in-charge of making sure Tony is totally entertained. I leave you to play games with him, and get him clothes and toys. We’ve told you about all those. I’ll look at today’s battle and come up with new strategies.”
“How can I help you?” Tony’s full attention was now on Clint.
“Is okay,” Tony replied, yawning.
“He’s been a smart guy since such a young age!” Clint laughed. “Ow! That bas-mustard hit me with an ice. It ffu-lying hurts!”
“Why didn’t you tick the option?” Clint asked her, tone softening a little.
Near the television set, Wanda was clinging onto Linda. Bucky’s eyes watered as he had seen Tony squirming in pain on the floor and Bruce was trying to get out of Linda’s grip to hit the Frost Giant, who had just hit his best friend, hard. There was a little green forming on his skin, but Linda was patting his back. That relaxed him, just a bit.
Steve increased his speed, on both stroking and hitting his sweet spot with precision. Under his administrations, Tony lost it. He came real hard, hips bucking up and eyes rolling. Come sprayed out of his cock onto Steve’s arm. He moaned out Steve’s name and let his orgasm wash over him.
Natasha was checking her stingers, and guns for bullets. Wanda was taking in deep breaths.
“Stowy, Tonee.” Clint ordered. He was trying to reach out for a book while being on Tony’s firm arms.
“Make something? Like, cooking?” Steve asked. He was confused because breakfast was already made.
“I need to talk to you about Stark Industries,” Howard sighed. He leaned against the railing. Tony raised an eyebrow and turned to look at his dad. “It’s something I thought. I also wanted you to know, so I came here. Look son, in case something happens to me, you will be the one running the company in the future. I know you, son. I know you trust people too easily and that’s not good. I-”
“There’s a pipe up there that runs all the way down till the alley. I saw it while you were circling around. I can go through that. I’ll alert you if I see anything out of the ordinary,” Scott smiled.
“We’re here!” Natasha said.
“Yeah, Steve’s dick,” Clint muttered.
“Both your suits are here.” Natasha handed them their items. “Take care of yourselves. Stay low both of you.”
Hi everyone!
“Uh, no I need a second, the jeans zipper is not cooperating,” Spidey replied from the washroom.
The lot of them then ate lunch. They ordered a Chinese takeout, and enjoyed the meal. Tony really loved the food. He wished his time had this kind of variety; there was but it’s not like Howard allowed it.
“Buce? Hulk?” Tony asked. He quickly wiped his tears and stretched out his little arms to the Hulk.
Tony wiped his tears and walked back to the amusement park. But he wasn’t headed back for his friends. He was headed somewhere else.
“Nah, the tides have turned,” Tony smiled, his eyes full of admiration for Steve. He was now pushing both Clint and Thor into the sea, and was walking back to the shore, fully soaked.
Mistakes were made. Decisions were taken based on what Steve felt was best given the circumstances. He couldn’t go back in time of course. But he could look forward to the future. He could sense trouble coming. A possible war with creatures from another realm. But he knew that he was ready. Deep inside his heart, he was ready to face them. He had to keep going. Tomorrow the Avengers will be back. And when they unite, they would take down the foes no single heroes could.
“I heard Rogers and his team of vigilantes were back. They’re not allowed back.”
Tony didn’t know what came over him. He just grabbed Bruce in the name of giving him a hug.
Steve cupped his face using his hands and decided to sit at his room for a while.
“I’m flying!” she screamed in utter glee.
I am currently working on the final chapter of this story and will upload the next few real soon!
“Yes, I have more synthesizing.”
Rhodey didn’t say anything. He just disconnected and ended the video call, to show him what he had meant.
Tony opened up his comms, only to hear Clint yapping on.
“Then we’ll try,” Natasha assured him while eating her burrito.
“You’re really into the corporate life today,” she noted with a smile. “I feel like I fell into another dimension.”
After going down the street and turning right, they entered the big supermarket. Tony instructed both the girls to get trolleys. He told them to grab all the useful items, without caring much about the cost. The girls were surprised, but it didn’t take them long to remember that they were speaking to the billionaire, Tony Stark.
“Nice lap dance,” Clint smirked.
“Yeah, in the evening,” Tony replied.
Howard raised an eyebrow at Steve. But he was impressed by his courage and with how Steve was able to converse with him confidently.
Tony looked at his mother with his lips pursed. He didn’t like talking to his father. It never ended well for either of them most of the time. But he knew he didn’t have a choice. It was now or his father would get to know about his presence later. But, why delay it? He’d rather face whatever impending doom now. He sighed.
He stormed off the lab. Steve exhaled a shaky breath.
The team, was having a little bonding session at the basketball court. It was located right beside the gym, in the Tower itself. Tony was well aware of this, but he couldn’t be bothered to join them. Captain Grumpy would ruin his mood, and Tony had foreseen a good day ahead of him.
?” a young man’s voice was heard.
“Okay, I trust you, only because you know Iron Man,” she grinned.
“Clint, you need to be up on that roof, fire up some explosive arrows onto the portal and armies, and call out any patterns,” Tony instructed. “I’ll give you a ride.”
“Where?” Reed asked.
Steve held Tony closer to him. He gave Tony’s back a few slow pats, hoping they both would be okay.
“Where did he come from?” Bucky exclaimed.
Tony rested his head on Steve’s shoulder, and felt his pulse at the crook of his neck. He simply stared at the New York skyline.
Steve still looked unconvinced.
“Don’t tell me he’s buried under all that rubble,” Clint said. “That’ll take a long time to find him.”
Sam looked at him. Then nodded his head. At that time, Vision entered the big room. He had a glass of water with him, which he offered to Sam. He took it, with a smile.
“Nah-uh, keep your head down,” Bruce warned him. “You can look at our beautiful faces once you’re alright.”
to land on me. Especially after the battle!”
“Why do you have a hammer?” Tony asked him.
“Now here are the two people I thought we’d never see again,” Bruce smiled. He gave them both a hug.
This is something new I've been working on, especially after I read the entire Jonathan Hickman Avengers, New Avengers and Secret Wars comics. I was just wondering what if Steve and Tony, MCU based, ended up in earth 3490, what would they do there. So I decided to write it out! I've been doing research on the Marvel Multiverse and if there is any feedback you want to give, please drop a comment!!
“Wow good to see you all,” Tony let out a laugh.
In the kitchen, they stood with their backs facing each other, with neither of them saying anything. Clint was stirring his coffee, while Natasha was waiting for the toaster to be done with her bread.
When the Avengers priority alarm rang, Tony threw his wrench across his lab, groaning in frustration. All he wanted was a day off, a quiet day in his lab and a video chat with Rhodey, which was scheduled to take place in the late afternoon.
At the level itself, Mjolnir had crash landed right beside the four-year-old Tony Stark. He immediately reached out for the handle, because he had nothing to defend himself with. More AIM scientists jumped out from the vents above. They were suddenly everywhere.
“Boss, armor integrity has been compromised,” his AI warned him. Tony was slightly giddy. “It’s down to 31%.”
The elevator doors opened and two extremely excited figures walked out of it. They went down the hallway and turned into the beautiful penthouse.
“If you stand at the platform, you can look up and see a little dome curved towards you. That’s what helps transport a person to the selected universe,” Reed said. “I’m going to switch on the power, don’t worry. Just see and hear the machine come to life, and then you can step out.”
Steve stopped moving. Tony had asked for him. Right after he had woken up.
Nearly everyone was asleep in the limo. Cruising down the highway with the air conditioning at full blast was heaven. When the limo turned into the Stark Mansion, they woke up, feeling disheveled. All except Steve.
“Yeah, word must have spread that the Starks have moved here,” Tony huffed. “Don’t bother Nat. We can have fun ignoring them.” He dismissed them and turned back to the water.
The secret Avengers and T’Challa stopped near the back entrance of the quinjet.
“Yeah!” Clint said. “Despite me holding her hand. Jesus, it’s like, you were a super star out there and we were simply invisible.”
“If the controls stay there the machine could break!” Ben looked horrified.
Steve was looking around him, at the crowd mingling with each other, when he spotted Spiderman looking out of the window. He was alone. Steve decided to check on him.
“Nah,” Clint said assuring. “As much as I want to, I don’t want to.”
It was evening and the adults were trying their best to feed the kids dinner. It was mashed potatoes with some steamed vegetables. Linda was trying to feed Clint, who kept running around the house, giggling. She was chasing him. She also had to feed Natasha, who was seated on the couch waiting for her turn to eat. Kayla was feeding both Wanda and Bruce simultaneously. They were more well-behaved. Steve was feeding Bucky and Tony. Both were cooperating with Steve because he promised to bring them on a night walk around the estate.
At the Tower, a screen suddenly popped up near Steve and Rhodey. Tony’s face appeared. He had a fresh cut on his sweat coated forehead and he looked
Tony visibly stiffened up, and Steve took his hand. Tony’s breathing rate increased. He squeezed Steve’s hand so hard, making him wince. Natasha and the others looked at Tony with worry. This boy was just seconds away from a panic attack.
“Oops, but it looks like you only told me not to tell Tony about the incident. You didn’t tell me not to play the camera footage to him,” Tony’s girl sassed Sam.
“So uh, hi Cap. I’m Peter,” he greeted. He didn’t give Steve any eye contact.
“I’m gonna talk to Natasha.”
Tony threw Bruce an amused look. “I like that sass, Bruce. Please bring that out more in the apartment!” That earned Tony a smile from Bruce.
Tony turned to look at Rhodey. They had a solid eye contact for two whole seconds before Tony snorted. He leaned back onto the couch and started to laugh again. He made no noise and was just clapping his hands.
How is your day going? :D
Rhodey didn’t know what to say. He was looking at his palm for a long time. He understood where Sam was coming from. After a sigh, he spoke. “I want to go down. Want to help me?”
house?” Clint questioned. He was still awe-struck.
Both of them sat down on the couches near the door.
Tony saw the video of him pulling Bucky to him when they were both about to fall off from the chair. He saw Steve pulling them towards him and steadying the chair. It took place on Tony's little birthday party.
Steve, who was sitting beside Tony, was applying medication on one of his wounds. He turned to look at him. “Tony, I wasn’t angry… I know my tone was harsh but I wasn’t angry with you.”
Natasha, Sam and Scott walked out of the jet. She wanted to accompany them for a while. Wanda and Clint stepped out of the jet for some fresh air.
The CEO office doors opened, with Pepper showing a gentleman on his way out.
“It’s Clint.” Tony was trying his best to push the jeans button into the hole. But it wasn’t cooperating with him.
“What happened?” Clint asked, frowning.
“I guess I’m fine. But I can kinda sense you’re not.”
“Well part of that stone was used, so to close the portal you either activate the stone when it’s in its solid form or create contact using the soft one,” Tony shrugged. “It’s a suggestion. I don’t know if it’ll work.”
“It cleansed you.”
Hi guys! It's good to be back!
Central Park is such a romantic place!
“Tony?”
“Oh no!” Tony said loudly.
“Oh, yes, I need Clint’s help for my project,” Bucky said.
“Kayla it’s alright.” Steve placed an arm around her shoulders.
Bucky nodded slowly. But Steve knew that Tony was not done.
“Just make sure he doesn’t distract you too much,” he stopped walking, prompting Tony to stop walking too. “You’re one of the best students here, Tony. Don’t let anyone or anything tell you anything different. In fact… you’re the top student in the cohort as of now. Ah, you didn’t hear it from me.”
As much as Tony was intrigued, he knew he had work to do. He walked towards the lab. The stone, which Bruce lamented about over the phone, was on a metal dish. It was oval and grey.
“You sound terrifying when you’re sarcastic,” Natasha commented. Steve shrugged at her, still pissed off by what Tony did.
Tony frowned. “At this point of time, yeah.”
Of course Natasha didn’t have a definite answer for that. No one could have one. Tony was a small ball of enigma no one could have a good read on. That was the truth. At times, Steve thought he understood Tony, but an argument or something he said will prove otherwise. This was one of the situations too. How did it all turn so… awkward?
“So why are you not gonna act upon it?” Clint softened his tone.
She opened her mouth to answer the question, but didn’t say anything. She closed it and her lips managed to curve into a smile. She took a breath and said, “Actually, uh, my dad, he left this house when I was 10. It was just my mum and I until we took Linda in.”
“You look good, Natasha,” Thor smiled.
Steve placed the bowl down and took a sip. His face scrunched up. “Boy that’s horrible.” He placed the coffee pot down and went to rinse his tongue. “Thor, what did you add in this buddy?” He asked once Thor entered the kitchen.
Both Rhodey and Sam tensed.
"Yes, one more thing. Do no let them touch you," Thor warned. He sounded very serious when he said that. "Their frostbite is
Tony saw Bruce run out of the jet, holding a mini clear glass bottle, with colorless liquid sloshing around in it and two syringes. He was in his lab coat, looking frazzled.
He walked down the stairs and went straight, disappearing.
“Steve!!!” Tony shouted, sounding incredulous. “This is only a warm up!”
“It’s your birthday, young man!” He said with a voice filled with excitement. Tony looked up briefly, gave both of them a little giggle and went back to playing with his hands.
“It seemed bad,” Wanda sounded quieter than Steve. She was seated beside Happy, at the front.
Peter laughed.
Clint was all patched up. He was playing Monopoly with Tony, for over an hour, surprised at how much of properties the 4 year old had bought. At the end, Clint was real close to declaring bankruptcy. Thor simply laughed at that, and had invited Tony to play a game of Uno with him.
“Pleasure is mine, Scott.” Steve ruffled that little boy’s hair.
Kayla didn’t have the heart to wake Steve up. So she just stood in front of him for a while, and snapped some photos using her phone. Sam and Thor quietly joined her as she was taking too long to get Steve. They too couldn’t help but admire the babies sleeping around Steve. From this, it was evident on how much he loved his teammates. Sam took some pictures too while Thor sat down. He smiled a sad smile. He was very glad when Heimdall told him the team had united. They were all able to put aside their differences, apologize and come together. Thor always had faith in his fellow comrades.
Once up in the kitchen, Steve started to make Tony milk. Kayla had taught him how to do so. There was a spare bottle in the kitchen; she bought it just in case something went wrong. Steve was shaking the bottle and balancing Tony on one hand. Soon he began to feed. He could swear he saw a very brief smile on the baby’s face. The little boy was
“Screw them,” Tony muttered to himself. “Anyway, let’s just order our stuff.”
” Steve realized Tony immediately took on the leader positon, but there was only so much of orders even the genius could give. He knew Tony wanted to look at the science aspect of the battle; the stone and how to destroy it rather than giving orders.
Tony kept moving back, feeling scared. The ugly yellow suit man said he wanted Tony. At one point, he simply wanted to give himself up to the AIM people. But he knew Cap would never allow that. He was hoping no one would get badly injured or even die today.
“No… I mean, I’ll go after him. I’d like to listen first.”
“No race speed,” Steve shouted, as the wind beating past him drowned out his voice.
“Dad always said I was one,” Tony shrugged.
“You’re kidding!” Danny huffed. He gave another Frost Giant a hard blow. “We’ve been here for over five hours!”
“Tony, you’re a little baby now. I should have told you this a long time ago. But I put it on a letter. I feel like, I should tell you this.” He began. He was speaking very softly. There were tears in his eyes. “I’m really sorry for whatever that happened before this. I needed to tell you my apologies to you face-to-face. This is the closest. I really care for you and the team. I’m sorry for hurting you and leaving you alone that day. I’m sorry for not telling you about your parents. I know I made you angry and hurt you, and I deeply regret that. I’m glad, just glad the team is slowly coming back together.
“Of course friend Tony, I will,” Thor assured him.
“Self-sacrificing?” his girl F.R.I.D.A.Y sassed him back.
“Jarvis, there you are!” Tony sighed. He entered the kitchen and saw the wall clock. The time read 11.03am. Tony was asleep for only over three hours. “Where did the others go?”
Thor: “Tony, the good Captain is down on this bright sunny day! Talk to him!”
Steve finally adjusted the knot on his tie, and turned to look at his boyfriend. And Steve nearly convulsed.
Both Hulk and Danny punched the two rows of Frost Giants at the same time. The entire rows flew back into the portal, knocking out the other Giants who were walking out.
The guys turned to look at her. “You sure?” Tony smirked.
“Yeah,” Natasha said as if in a daze. “He can be really stubborn and is very competitive. But deep down he’s a good guy.”
Natasha stepped forward with her arms crossed. “If you didn’t do a thing to him, then what were you doing at Santa Monica Pier today?”
“Yeah, using my chair,” Bruce looked around to see if there was another chair he could use.
Tony smiled at that. “Now I’d rather he laugh.”
“It’s not our doing,” Tony willed himself to not give that lady a lecture. “But it’s our responsibility and part of it is to keep you safe. Now move it, people! Go to the exits!”
Tony was shaking his legs, seated at the edge of the bed. “I’m okay, Cap. Sorry I made you angry.”
He got out of bed and immediately threw some clothes on himself. The fast movements made him groan, because of what he went through last night. And he could barely walk to the walk-in closet. He had to waddle his way there.
That was when it hit him. He had a dinner planned for all of them and had reservations. He literally jumped out of his bed and ran out of the room.
He quickly got up, but there was a sharp pain near his abdomen. He held it, and groaned.
There's so much more coming in this story and in the following parts, all of which I hope to update at a fast pace.
With that, Tony dashed towards the stairs, as the elevator was taking too long. He was desperately trying to button his jeans up, which made him almost fall thrice as he was running down the stairs at the same time. Once he reached level 1, he burst out of the door, almost crashing into a group of students chatting.
Tony could only wonder what kind of a reaction Jarvis would have if he told him about Sunset Bain. And then something dawned on him. “Wait. You are worried if Steve might end up hurting me like Frost? But… not… you don’t mind me dating another guy…?”
“So what now?” Sam asked after a while. He was clasping his arms together.
“You don’t have to tell me if you’re not comfortable, I mean, I understand,” Tony assured her. “But if you do need help then… I’ll see what I can do.”
Compliments weren’t usual from Natasha. So, Tony thanked her and smiled softly at her.
“I’ll go, Professor, I wanted to anyway,” Tony defused the situation by standing up.
Howard’s nostrils flared. “I didn’t let Maria give birth to a misfit!!!” he screamed. And he raised his hand to give Tony a tight slap.
Steve nodded his head. “Yeah, I do. And if I may ask, why?”
They reached the house. The lawn was pretty small and very neat. The path up the entrance of the house was a short one. There were some little stairs up to the front door. Once up on the porch, there was a marble table with two chairs on the left. There was a suspended light bulb right above it. The house looked pretty grand on the outside.
“Fucking shit!” Tony screamed at the elevator, which was at level 1. “Clint needs help!”
“Strange, conjure your strongest shield for the others in a while! Sue and Wanda, join him!” Tony fired an order. “Rest of you, behind them!”
“Put. Them. Down.” Steve said with gritted teeth. His muscles were tense. Bucky winced as Steve’s grip on his hand tightened.
Once the other car’s passengers were secure and ready, Tony pressed down on the gas pedal. Within seconds, he was speeding at the bends, with Natasha following right behind him. Both the cars sped out of the gates, startling the security guards.
“S’not your fault,” Steve was about to get up when the remote-control device Tony was holding onto in the cube fell onto his head. Steve groaned and laid back down again.
“Really, leader on comms at this hour?” Clint sighed. His EMP arrows weren’t working on the armies.
Steve chose to feed Bucky while Tony went to baby Natasha. Kayla took care of Clint.
Tony stepped on the gas pedal and turned the car around, speeding off. The other three standing near their silver Audi could hear Clint’s “woohoo” fading away.
It was Steve. Shit, Steve. What the hell was he doing here?
“Is that a… baby Bucky?” Wanda asked, looking down. Both of them were astonished at what they were staring at.
“I thought there was a wall opposite the stairs?” Thor scratched his head. “Butler Jarvis just walked into it?”
Steve turned to look at all his teammates. They were looking at him with confidence. Of course they were going to have to be prepared.
For now, happy reading!
He trudged past her, mumbling something about racing.
“Let’s see… You made an arc reactor, in a cave, while being kidnapped by terrorists. You had shrapnel in you, and the arc reactor made sure they didn’t reach your heart.” Steve started, hoping the mention of adult Tony’s past experiences won’t scare little Tony too much.
