Steve lands in front of him, taking his shoulders. “I don’t care. All I care about is you,” he says, fiercely. “None of this matters. None of this changes the way I feel about you. It’s you, Tony. It’s always been you, and it will always be you.”
Because Steve, at the heart of hearts, thinks that Tony is a fucking fool, that he doesn’t know how this world works, that he’s actually so stupid that he would think that a fucking insurance claims officer needs to work until midnight every night, without fail, and comes home dirty and filthy and sometimes, stinking of floral-scented perfume.
“You really think he’s a good subject for the serum?” he asks, curiously. “The process could just as likely kill him as it could save him.”
“It wasn’t me, but it was SHIELD, and they were working fine until you got your hands on it,” Steve grumbles.
“Yeah, that’s it,” Tony cuts in, his voice like the gleaming edge of a knife. “That’s all you are. You’re his friend. I’m his husband, the father of his kids. You don’t get to do that. You don’t get to come in here with half-baked information and try and
His mother and father have only been dead for a single moon, but already he is meant to be bought and sold by some stranger in gilded armour, with no thought to his consent or his wants and needs.
Stone still loves Toni in some sick way; Stone still wants her, and the idea that someone else is dating her is enough to distract him from the fact that Steve is about to kill him and has expressed that very obvious intention to him.
Eshe looks at Tony. “That’s because they do take you for granted,” she tells him, not unkindly. “It’s not their fault. They’re four. They’re going to take you for granted, and they’re going to be doing that for a long time. You’ve created a happy, stable environment for them, Tony, and they know you’re there; they know you provide for them. Steve is like… well, no offence, Steve, you’re like a novelty to them.”
Six months after they have sex, Steve and Tony go for a walk out to the lake, which Tony complains about because he only exercises if he absolutely has to, and in recent times, it’s involved running from aliens. He’s staring out onto the clear blue lake, the sun dappling like diamonds across the surface, and then, the air shifts beside him.
“Not yet, baby,” Tony muses, brushing his mouth over her hair and then, Peter’s. “We got to get out of here, first.”
There’s a lot he could tell James, about how love and family and raising kids don’t involve keeping score, about how Steve hated his job and he did it for Tony and the kids, and Tony had the flexibility to work from home and take care of the kids, so he’s happy to do everything else.
“That’s not how my father saw me,” he says, derisively. “He never let me forget how stupid I had been. So, you look at me and you saying that you left for my own good, that you couldn’t let him ruin my life for me, I think that is
them. Are you trying to say that when I put on lingerie and pretended to be a rent boy at your service and you fucked me with a vibrator and filmed me on your phone, what, you were being
Toni feels herself melt on the inside and drapes her arms around his shoulder, before she throws herself into Bucky’s arms, thoroughly sticking her tongue down his throat as well, until she hears the impatient rhythm of Pepper’s stiletto heel tapping against the wooden floor.
Tony wakes up, screaming, thrashing, which results in Steve also lurching away. Tony’s pressed up against the headboard, using the pillow like a shield in front of him, just as he was in his dream before he was violently awakened.
“They made me forget your Daddy, which is why your Appa introduced me as James to you. I forgot all about your Daddy, and so, I thought my name was James-”
; instead, he grins back at Steve in a way that makes Tony melt on the inside, like all he’s made of is cotton candy.
The way that he looks at Tony after making that statement indicates exactly whom he thinks Peggy had a crush
He’s vibrating, when he pulls the car into park, in front of the warehouse. He reaches under the seat, to a compartment that he’d installed just for himself, and fishes out a sleek little gun that fits perfectly in his hand.
There is a third question the priest is supposed to ask, about accepting children and to bring them up according to the law of Christ and his Church, and Tony knows that his mother would literally set him on fire if she were alive and were capable of hearing the priest ask him that question.
Obadiah shoves him towards his chambers. “I have sent the maids to draw you a bath. You will clean yourself with the oils and scents, and you will dress in what I have left you. I expect you to be ready and attired appropriately and waiting in the courtyard for our guests. If you are not, well,” he lets the threat hang, “it would be in your best interests to not tamper with this alliance in any way, Tony.”
Tony grins. “Yeah, he’s going through a Roald Dahl phase,” he says, fondly. “But Maushmi, she’s reading Ahimsa, by Supriya Kelkar. I think she only picked it out because it had someone who looked like her on the front cover. But Peter’s got The Conch Bearer next on his list, anyway.”
Obadiah raises his other hand, the knives glinting, and Tony closes his eyes shut, clenching them, waiting for the sharp spike of pain, but then, the weight on top of him, the heavy, demanding pressure of the palm around his throat all disappears, and when he opens his eyes, his throat on fire, Steve is there, he’s alive, and he’s struggling with Obadiah.
They’d never think, they’d never believe that Tony’s family is everything to him, that he’d never let James touch him while Steve is there, while Tony still loves him and there exists some semblance of a marriage between them, even if it is rotting meat in its entirety at this stage.
Sometimes, he feels like if something happened to Rhodey, he’d feel it, he’d know, know it in his bones, but it would be like he lost of his very self, that he’d only exist as half a human being, that he didn’t know whether he could exist in this world where James Rhodes doesn’t exist, is not by his side, does not share in the significant moments of Tony’s life.
. He told me that he had to leave because people were after him, and if he’d stayed, if he’d taken me with him, he’d have put me in danger.”
“What’s with the accent, Queen Victoria?” one of the alpha recruits jeers at Agent Carter. “I thought I was signing up for the U.S. Army.”
Peter is crying unashamedly beside Steve; Pepper looks like she hasn’t slept in days, and Rhodey does his best to avoid looking at the burning pyre, but Steve watches, waits, wonders if this is like in the movies, in that crazy TV show that Tony made him watch, where Tony crawls out of the fire, unburnt, untouched, whole and smiling.
The hours pass, and then, days, and Tony is constantly sick, constantly vomiting into a bucket, constantly crying, the grief sickness taking its toll on him.
“Tony,” Steve murmurs, climbing onto the bed, his hand closing around Tony’s ankle, dragging him along with a yelp. “Tony, strangely enough, as attractive as you seem to think we are, we think you’re just as attractive.”
feel about me, but not necessarily how the world does,” Tony says, coldly. “I’m Indian, which means that comes with a whole host of body image issues especially when the standard of beauty around the world are white people.”
But Tony imagines that they could not have been born within the same womb without some attachment to each other.
“I know, I know things have been hard for us,” Steve says, earnestly. “I know that… I know that we’ve not exactly had the easiest relationship. I know that we’ve fought a lot and sometimes, those fights have resulted–”
Wanda makes a face, so he knows he’s hit the nail on the head. “Sam is smart, he’s one of the smartest people that I know,” she begins with so much emotion showing on her face, “but when it comes to his people, his family, those he loves, he takes a lot of shit that he shouldn’t be, you know? That’s what he did with me. He took so much from me, and he didn’t say a word otherwise, didn’t argue, didn’t fight me. He just took it. And then, during one of the fights, I hit him, slapped him across the face.”
, hard enough that Tony can’t stop the desperate-sounding whine that leaves him. He clenches down around his cock, especially when the head drags relentlessly against his prostate, and then, James is coming, it’s too much for him, and it’s with a deeply visceral pleasure that ripples through his body, rips right through him, and he leaves him wet and sticky between his legs, when he pulls out, and Steve, almost immediately, without waiting a moment, without giving an inch, wraps his warm, big palm around Tony’s flushed, weeping cock and pulls upward in a firm, almost painful stroke, and Tony comes, comes so hard that there’s a blinding flash of white in his eyes, and he’s spurting all over his belly.
He tells him to act like the highborn omega that Obadiah knows that he can be; he tells Tony to do his duty, to not bring shame or dishonour upon his house.
Hodge snorts. “You’ve seen the other recruits, especially that cripple Rogers. You really think that they’re gonna put us in jail because we fucked one brownie omega that we shouldn’t. Who gives a fuck who he knows? Like I said, hold him
Tony’s nails dig into Steve’s shoulder at the sensation, and he lets his head loll forward, breathing sharp.
me. All you had to do is tell me from the beginning and… I don’t know, I feel like half of this mess wouldn’t have even happened.”
The grief splits Steve’s face wide open, and he nods, his jaw going taut. “I’ll talk to him, when it’s done, when we have the kids back, and Wanda’s in the hospital. I’ll sort it out.”
“Definitely,” Steve says, cheerfully, and embraces her tight, letting her go on her way with her date.
Tony licks his lips, feeling the stinging bite of shame all over his body, colouring his face and neck hot with it.
“I know,” he says, like it’s the only thing that’s grounding him in that moment. “I know you love me. I love you too.”
“No, no, it doesn’t. It doesn’t. I thought… I thought it did. I thought I had to protect you more than anything else, and then, I came home, and you were–”
Tony shakes his head. “You’re a lot of things, Nat, but you’re not a murderer.” His voice softens. “Besides, I know that you loved her. I loved her too.”
Tony and Steve are waiting in the police station, both too stunned by what they’d just seen than to do much more than retell the story once.
Steve laughs. “You love it. Don’t lie.” He pauses. “And if you’re still talkin’ so much, clearly I’m not doin’ this right.”
“Oh, that’s because it could be. Nevertheless, one of them will be showing up with a gigantic bruise right on his forehead and I could not be happier,” Toni says, cheerfully.
James leans forward, his hands in his lap. “What would you like to call me?” he asks in a soft, patient way.
Tony closes his eyes, the anger washing from him in a sudden, furious beat, and he’s dizzy with all of it. Dread grips him fully.
There’s a deliberate silence that hangs in the air, as if JARVIS is quietly waiting for him to come to the conclusion himself.
Something flashes across her pale eyes, and a scowl edges over her pert mouth. “You know exactly what I’m talking about,” she says, coldly.
“Steven, do you take Anthony to be your husband? Do you promise to be faithful to him in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health, to love her and to honour him all the days of your life?”
“There’s this hole-in-the-wall place in Brooklyn, actually,” Steve says, embarrassed. “I think you’ll like it. Their pizzas are amazing, and they’re massive, and their pastas are bottomless. I checked the menu just in case, and they do make food that you can eat.”
“They took him away screaming. As they dragged him out, he said the place was all mine for life.” Tony looks around at the bar, almost disgusted. “Can you imagine a more evil curse?” He pauses. “So far, it’s working.”
He shoves them at Steve, who slips on the too-small shirt that he’d been wearing before the procedure, and then, his pants.
“I told you, I knew that you were fucking someone else,” Steve says, simply, his voice inching into fury. “And I have proof.”
On the gangplank at Porbander, Tony and Steve exchange long, warm embraces with Bhim, giving him their goodbyes. They stay there until Bhim disappears off into the night, before disappearing off in search of their cabin on the ship.
Tony swallows hard, a fire building up in his throat, making it hard for his lungs to function. “You… the necklace, though? I mean-”
Tony stares at Steve’s friend, who must be James Barnes, the reason for Steve’s foolhardy hero expedition, and there’s an element of sorrow on his face, solemn as the grave.
Tony chews on his lower lip and before he even knows what he’s doing, he’s following James to the couch and brushing off a number of papers off the seat so that he could perch on the edge, still eyeing the suspicious dark stain over the cushion towards the back.
“Very proud of you,” Steve agrees, vehemently, kissing the kids, swiftly, a sheen of tears in his eyes. “So very proud of you. I love you both so much, and you were so
“But I knew that wouldn’t happen,” he says, woodenly. “I knew I’d just be left standing there, as my heart was left in a thousand, shattered, scattered pieces in my chest, and you’d start packing your bags, and the kids would start crying as you told them that you still loved them, that you’d come and visit them, but you had to go now. And then, the kids would start asking me why Daddy’s leaving, and I wouldn’t know how to answer any of their questions.” He inhales, and his lungs ache with the effort. “And then, of course, at some stage over the next few weeks, months, years, you’d get married to Natasha, have lovely, white babies with her, and you’d stop visiting your first family, your first husband and your eldest kids, and Peter and Maushmi, as they grew up and you stopped caring and visiting, they’d… they’d become just like me, they wouldn’t believe that they’re loved; they’d only believe the fact that their father inevitably abandoned them for a new, more socially conventional and racially acceptable family, and it’s all because I wasn’t good enough for you to stay.”
Steve shakes his head almost immediately. “What the hell, Tony? No, no, what if the kids came in and saw. We can’t do that,” he says, the colour high in his cheeks. “What’s going on with you?”
He brings the knife-fingernails over his chest, dragging hard, splitting open one of his nipples, from which maggots and worms pour out in a flurry.
But after a while, he started to get tired of losing, tired of getting beaten up, getting the shit kicked out of him; so, he started killing them off; he sought out his target, did weeks and weeks of research, before he cornered them and killed them.
He pulls his fingers out and catches them on the red rim, hooking them gently and stretching him wide, so he can see how Tony gapes and clenches around nothing.
“I guess I just don’t understand the European sense of humour, Doctor,” Phillips drawls. “You’re not thinking of picking Rogers, are you?”
There’s an edge to his voice that Tony wants to push against, probe into, but he doesn’t get the chance, because Steve’s warm hand palms at his half-hard cock, distracting him. His back arches at the next surge of Steve’s fingers inside his body, and he finds his toes curling.
sexy if one of the participants is in pain or discomfort or any of those things, and that applies to both of us, okay? If the positions were switched, or if we just time travelled to last night when we fucked, wouldn’t you have been mindful if I said the reactor was giving me problems, or I couldn’t breathe, or my chest was hurting?”
Zola backhands him, splitting open his lip, with a surprising amount of strength for a man that just a little over half Tony’s size
“I did,” Steve agrees. “I even mourned him, because I think that’s what you want to ask me, but I would never lay that on your head, Tony. My brother did unforgivable things to you. I have no right to ask for your comfort, your understanding, and nor shall I.”
He’s loved Steve since that final year of MIT, and he’d been sitting at the bar on his own and being hit on by some idiot frat boy with his collar turned up like a douchebag, who was busy promising that he could make Tony see stars and come like a racehorse on his ten-inch dick, and then, Steve had inserted himself between Tony and the frat boy, a huge wall of muscle in a thin white shirt that didn’t leave much to the imagination and a pair of jeans, with a leather jacket to accompany the ensemble, and had said in his low, grim voice, “Is this guy bothering you, sir?”
The rate at which he’s moving speeds up, and he realizes that they’re moving him as fast as they can through the streets, the alleys, and the passageways thick with people.
“I know you,” he says, quietly. “I know you not as well as I could, as my omega, but I know you enough to know that you are no killer, at least not one that is mindless and cruel.”
If it had been someone else, someone who isn’t James, Steve wouldn’t have hesitated to rip him away, but it’s James, and so, he doesn’t mind; in fact, he likes it, he likes watching Tony suck off James. It hurts him on.
Tony smells the sickly-sweet stench of charred flesh, which turns his stomach, makes the bile rise in his throat, and then, the beam collapses, the tunnel going along with it, and the Nazis are all buried alive.
There are haphazard stick figures drawn on the sheets of paper, a child’s understanding of what people look like, their ability to put that on paper with just crayons. There are three figures grouped together, all with the same dark hair and dark eyes and dark skin, two of them smaller than the one in the middle, who is holding the little ones’ hands.
Steve moves rapidly, and his hand closes around Tony’s arm, tight to the point of bruising. Tony tries to wrench his hand away, but Steve doesn’t give him an inch.
He places his claws on Tony’s belly, ready to punch them through his body, and then, Tony snaps awake back in the driver’s seat of his car, catching his breath.
Some of the recruits chuckle, but the alpha from the fair remains unimpressed, as well as Agent Carter.
He fists his hand in Steve’s robe, presses himself against Steve, and then, Steve moves away. There’s a new heat to Steve’s eyes, a heat that Tony hasn’t seen before but likes, wants.
And then, he spins on his feet, storming down the front steps towards the driveway before Tony can even say a word to him. Instead, his hands turn hot, and he’s clutching at the doorframe. He bangs his head against it once, sighing, and then, turns to shout, “okay,
“Look, she’s lying, okay? She didn’t… she didn’t understand what happened. You know Toni. She gets things into her head and she thinks they’re true, but that… I never hurt her. I would never have hurt her. I
“These things do have an effect on children,” Ms Lewis says, patiently. “I’d just… I’d watch for the signs, and so will I. It’s little things right now, but it could get worse, and it could get better. We’ll just have to take it as it comes. But I would have that talk with your husband. It might be something small that the kids have internalised, and there might actually just be an easy fix.”
“Yes, yes, fuck me, fuck me, sir,” Tony pants, curling his fingers in the sheets and pulling. “Don’t stop fucking me.”
Tony flips them, so that he’s straddling Steve’s hips, knees on either side. He moves down the length of his body, squeezing Steve’s hands.
Abraham pulls down an overhead microphone, looking to the booth above the lab, waiting until Phillips is standing near a speaker. He taps hard on the microphone, and Phillips winces, holding his ear.
“Tony,” Tony says, before he second-guesses himself. “You have seen me naked and covered in blood. You should call me Tony.”
Steve’s throat flexes. “I couldn’t let him do that. I couldn’t let him ruin your life for me, so I walked away instead, and you have to believe me; if you’re going to believe anything that I say, I need you to believe the fact that it killed me to walk away. It
James cuts off the Russian, suddenly, and drops the recording devices back into the glass jar, closing the lid tight.
He snaps his hips forward again and again, until he’s dragging the air out of her lungs, and she can’t stop her hips from snapping back, trying to match each of his thrusts.
“So, I’m coming,” he says, his words sounding like a death knell. “That’s just… the end of it. That’s all I care about it.”
Steve smiles, showing a row of pearl-cut teeth. “Why don’t you come and sit on my lap, honey?” he croons, patting his thigh.
He sweeps a hand over his face, and then, breaks into a coughing fit that makes Tony think he’s about to keel over.
“I’m glad he did. I’m just pissed that it wasn’t me. We got home and… God, I fell apart,” he muses, dragging his hand over his face. “I just… I fucked up,” he says, honestly. “I really fucked up. I hurt Tony, and I hurt our kids, and they were hurt because of me. I know they were HYDRA, the guys that took them, but I should have been there. I should have been protecting them, and I wasn’t, and they almost got hurt because of me, and they deserved better. Tony took charge again; he went to the hospital, spoke to Sam and Wanda and got them to forgive us, and I just… I kind of just sat there, by the kids’ beds, and I didn’t want to move. And then, Tony came home, and we talked, and it was… I don’t know, it was
He’s about to push past him, when Steve stops him, becomes a veritable wall blocking him from leaving the house.
“Fuck,” Tony gasps out like he’s been punched. He looks around. “Peter! Maushmi?” he calls out, fear a terrible lump in his throat. “Peter? Maushmi?”
Tony scuttles back against the headboard, and Peter curls up by his side, almost immediately, one eager for comfort wherever he can get it. Tony flicks open the camera app on his phone and stretches out his arm, so that Tony and Peter can see the screen. He drags it over the entire room, stopping at Steve and Maushmi on the other bed, who promptly make a gruesome, distorted face just to hear Peter giggle all over again.
Ahead of him, perhaps twenty-five feet or so, covered with a thick, plastic body bag through which he can barely see her face, is Pepper, standing square in the middle of the street. A dark ooze of blood slides out of its base, and at the top, the zipper rolls down of its own accord, showing the bloated, blue face of Pepper’s dead body. She gestures, almost entreatingly, and there are tears in her eyes.
Tony, Peggy and Phillips exit the tent to see dozens of soldiers hurrying towards the camp entrance.
But when he speaks of James like that, Tony’s James at the same time that he’s Steve’s Bucky, Tony is somehow
James turns his head back to face him, stubborn as well. “My point still stands. He’s a shit husband, you deserve better.”
Steve saunters out of the curtains, wearing red boots and gloves, holding a triangular shield with painted stars and stripes, and there are dancing USO omegas, all scantily clad.
Tony presses his fist against his hammering heart. “You were just driving by?” he asks, his voice thin.
It’s a quiet wedding – Steve doesn’t have a lot of friends in this time, and Tony doesn’t really like
“Tony, of course it’s not because you’ve put on a little weight or that you’ve got wrinkles, both of which, by the way, I hadn’t even noticed until you said it,” Steve says, helpfully.
“Yeah, well, I’m a slut. I’m okay with that, though, because it means that I know exactly what I’m talking about and what I’m doing when we have sex.”
The plane is practically screaming now, as it lands on the screen, and Tony and Natasha are in stitches on the floor, barely able to contain the laughter so that Pepper’s mother won’t hear on the other end.
He grunts at the stretch and burn, which drags the air out of his lungs, considering how long it’s been since they’d done this, and he’d tightened up since then. He lets his eyes open and then, flutter shut, at the pressure of Steve’s blunt fingers up inside him, knuckle-deep, clenching around him.
His eyes grasp the flex of muscle as James draws out, the tip of his cock catches on his red-rimmed hole, and then, he rams back in, Tony’s body rocking with the force of the thrust. Tony throws his arm over his head, catches and holds onto the bed post for the dear life.
Tony sticks his leg out of the tent, just as Bhim comes running past, and sure enough, it has the effect of sending him hurtling to the ground into the sand. Bhim, with dust all over his face, looks angrily toward the concealed culprit. At once, a flashing white grin splits his face, as he realizes that he’s looking up at Tony and Steve, splotched with soot and oil, hiding in the flap of a tent.
“I could wax poetic about your horse cock the same way that I would wax poetic about your abs?” Tony offers. “If you’re concerned that I’m only interested in you for sex, though, I feel like I’ve pointed out all of the non-physical qualities that you have that make me interested in you, but I could keep going if you want me to?”
In the air pocket, Tony’s head breaks the surface and smashes into rock again. The pocket is only six inches deep, but it’s enough, and he gulps down enough air that he can now breathe.
me. Hell, I still have feelings for Tiberius Stone, and he used to beat the shit out of me,” he lets out a laugh, harsh and grating. “Of course I love you, but I have a husband. I have a
Peter purses his lips thin, his brow furrows. “Papa,” he says, after a moment. “I think I’d like to call you
Steve squares his shoulders like he’s preparing himself to go into battle. “Have you eaten anything?”
Sam jolts a little, as if he hadn’t been expecting that to be the sentence that came out of his mouth, his eyes widening comically.
And then, everything happens so quickly. There are machine guns in the air, but it means that the hands that are pinning Tony to the bar are suddenly released. He takes the opportunity to swing up over the bar. The small man that had intended to hurt him with the poker fires at him with a pistol, but his bullets smash bottles behind the bar. Tony flattens out on the floor behind the bar as bullets hit above him. He reaches up, snatches the ax handle that he keeps, and begins crawling down the length of the bar toward the biggest Nazi, who sticks his submachine gun out and fires blindly in Indy’s direction. Steve is in a crouch behind a table, trying to get a shot at someone, but then the door bursts open, and a fearsome, big Nazi, almost seven feet tall, soars in and tackles Steve from behind.
Tony nods. “Yes, yes, you choose,” he pants, when Steve twists his fingers inside Tony, crooking them to rub against his prostate.
“I’ll be back in a minute,” Steve soothes, pulling Tony’s hand from his shoulder. “We’re going through this wall.”
Tony dives again, stroking deep into the tunnel. When he descends around fifteen feet, he grabs a vine and steadies himself, searching the dim roof of the tunnel.
Toni lifts up the skirts of her dress and makes her way over to the couch where he’s sitting and plops herself down beside him.
“I’m sorry. I’m not the only one who lost people,” Tony says, shifting as he fits his face against Steve’s neck, forgetting about the sour bile still painting the inside of his mouth. “You lost… you lost more than I did.”
“No, stop fucking defending him,” Tony snaps Jarvis into silence. He rounds on his father. “I think you did it for yourself. I think you did it to protect yourselves, to make yourselves feel better.”
“Oh, just working on some code for the next update for the StarkPhone. How was dinner with Bucky and Sam?” Toni wonders out loud.
She takes a seat on the couch beside him, and she lifts him up into her lap, so that he can wrap his small arms around her shoulders.
us, you know what our marriage is like? You know jack shit. You don’t know what he’d do for me, for our babies. He… he’d put himself between me and the kids and anything that came for us.”
“I’m worried about you. I’m just… look, there are reasons why you’re not telling Steve about James, and I think you kind of hit the nail on the head, about how it looks. It does look bad, the secret-keeping, and you know what it feels like to be on the other side. So, I just don’t want you to make the same mistakes that you’re vilifying Steve for. Emotional infidelity, that’s a thing.”
“We tried our best, and we failed,” Tony says, gravely. “That doesn’t make us evil people. It doesn’t make us heroes either, at least in the traditional sense, but it doesn’t make us evil. I’m sorry for trying to kill your best friend. I know you love him.”
He looks up, and Steve is at the stove. When his husband turns around, there’s a flash of some undefinable emotion across his face, before Tony can see that trademark, toothy smile of his.
The small man clucks his tongue. “The same thing your friend Captain Rogers wanted. Surely, he told you there would be other interested parties.”
“Yeah?” Steve’s eyes brighten, his face splitting wide in a relieved grin, and he climbs to his feet. “Yeah, you’ll marry me.”
Sam swallows, visibly, and there are tears in his eyes. He reaches out to take Steve’s hand, and then, Steve drags him in for an embrace, the shield uncomfortable between them.
And then, Tony sees him, the killer, with his multicoloured sweater, the hat pulled across his face, his portly frame, and he passes through the bar of the cell, something which his girth shouldn’t allow.
on me and deliver you hourly reports as to what your poor, homely husband is doing while you’re at work.”
“No, you should stay,” Tony replies, easily. “You went to all this trouble for us; you should stay and eat.”
; I know how she feels about me, I know she loves me, and I know she was afraid of you, and I know what you did to her.” His face twists up, mutinous. “I know what you did to her, you piece of shit.”
Another horse comes to a standstill, and Tony blinks in surprise when he realises that Lord Steven’s brother is the exact image of him.
First, he seizes Steve’s gun and plants his hands on Steve’s shoulders, pushing him down to take a seat on the couch before his legs give out from underneath him. Steve goes willingly, and his legs grumbling, and he settles heavily on the edge of the couch. Tony turns on James next, and James begins to back away.
“Tony,” Steve drags his hand over his face. “Tony, you remember that time when you dressed up in that… uh, that teddy, and we played rent boy and customer?”
“Yeah,” Tony mutters. “So… you see, I’ve found myself in fucking Love Actually.” He pauses. “And I don’t even really
Steve swallows, visibly. “You’re right. You’re right. I should have told you the second that I found out. You deserved to hear it from me, especially since we were–”
“Okay, yeah, I stand by what I just said. I think you should take a step back. We’ll end this as soon as possible, and then, I suppose, we’ll, uh, head back to the tower,” Tony offers.
“Well, stick to your day job. What I meant was that I bought a lake house in the middle of nowhere so that I could have sex with people outside and not be worried that there were paps lurking in the tree line to release yet another of my sex tapes to the public so that it will forever be on Pornhub.”
“Oh, please,” Grant scoffs, derisively, all sharp-cut contempt on his handsome face. “Even after everything, even the sheer disdain that my brother has shown you, the lack of care or decency, you would still continue to defend him to my face. You are clearly much stupider than I thought you were.”
He withdraws slight, letting out a little sigh of air over his cock, which makes it twitch in anticipation, before he licks at the head, all teasing, and brushes right over it with the point of his nose, the length of his cheek, so that he can nuzzle at the join of his thigh, just shy of his balls.
“The man in my dream. It was the same man in Pepper’s dream too. This man with a dirty sweater and knives for hands, and he was stalking us. It was awful.” He purses his lips. “Don’t you think it’s weird, her and me dreaming about the same guy?”
Steve trails his knuckles down the length of Tony’s spine. “I guess it doesn’t matter, now that I’ve got you here. You’re gonna be sweet for me, aren’t you, honey?”
Steve purses his lips. “Then, Thor’s mother will come through,” he says, with immaculate confidence.
Toni shakes her head, her hair tickling his skin. “I’m up, I’m up. I have that meeting with the board today about this… this stupid fucking deal they want to make with Viastone.” She pauses. “I don’t care about how much we need this advertising space; if I could spend the rest of my life without having to see Tiberius Stone ever again, I would.”
,” she whispers. “I’ve seen Steve, Tony. I’ve known him a long time, since I started seeing Sam, and I’ve known him
Steve laughs. And to think just twelve hours ago he thought he'd never laugh again. "Something less than that, I think."
Steve hangs his head and tries not to sigh, not wanting Tony to hear him. "Goodbye, Tony," he says. "I'll be back this afternoon."
"Thank you, Mister Rogers," Mr Jarvis says stiffly. There's something very slightly off in his tone, but Steve can't put his finger on what it is. Or perhaps it's nothing; perhaps it's simply that Mr Jarvis is from a completely different place and a completely different class, and so might as well be from a completely different culture.
When Thor pronounces them wedded husbands they smile widely at each other, but it doesn't occur to Steve to kiss him. Nothing could be more satisfying than the look in Tony's deep brown eyes, the gentle upward curve of his lips.
For some reason, though, Clint makes a fool of neither himself nor Steve. He simply tips his hat as he passes by the buggy and Steve raises his hand in greeting.
Steve wakes with a start. It feels like no time has passed at all and he doesn't remember falling asleep. He must've slept, though: the room is barely grey around him, the way it looks every morning just before sunup. He's lying on his side with his arm around Tony, gently holding him tucked safe to his chest.
Tony flashes him a smile, then looks down at his feet. Steve's at a loss. "Do you want something to eat?" Steve asks. Maybe Tony's finally hungry.
"They're adults," Steve says. "The only people who kept them there were themselves, and the people making them miserable weren't you."
There are a lot of things I want to tell you. I don't know how to tell you any of them. I hope that these letters are at least a start. I haven't kept any of them back, even though I never intended to give you all of them and there are some I wish I didn't need to - but I want you to read all of them, Steve. I want you to know.
Steve looks at this perfect stranger sitting in the armchair on the other side of the fire, and thinks about waking in the dead of night from a dream he doesn't want to remember and writing with shaking hands "My best friend died in the mountains because I couldn't save him" and feels more flayed open than he ever has before, knowing that this man read those words and it turns out Steve doesn't know him at all.
I'm able to do all of this on my own, though. Well, and with help from my friends, of course, but I help them in turn. But I've managed like this on my own for years, Tony.
Steve swallows. It always hurts to talk about Bucky, but he managed to say that whole thing without a catch in his voice. "It was."
"But I just told you that I don't need you to -!" Tony still doesn't say it, but his brows are lowered like he's glaring, though the corners of his lips are twitching downwards, too.
about him gets quiet, too. But he refuses to cower, sitting ramrod straight with his chin up and his shoulders back and staring intently at the wall.
She shrugs again. "Probably you will. But what's the point of being married if you can't seem foolish around your husband every now and again? Besides, wouldn't it put
The moment Steve's settled and has a glass of water Tony puts three rods with slices of bread on them over the fire to toast, then hurries over to the table. Steve just sits there, staring at the toasting bread, trying to wrap his mind around what's happening. Tony comes back and takes his glass, then throws the last of the warm towels over his head and dries his hair. It. Is. Heaven.
Tony rolls his eyes, though he does press his cheek into Steve's palm. "Steve," he says, "you don't need to - whatever it is you're doing. I - I
"Don't lift your feet up," Tony says, then demonstrates. "See, just sort of shuffle. It's smoother, and then my feet won't be able to get under yours in the first place."
He focuses desperately on the sound of Tony breathing, anything outside himself, and keeps trying to move. He can't open his eyes. It's like they're sewed shut. There's no light. He's frozen.
And if you ever want to leave, Tony, I'll still care about you and help you any way that I can. I'll pay for tickets or room and board or anything at all you might need, no matter where you want to go. If these last few days have taught me anything, it's that no matter how much I may want to make you happy, I don't know how. The only person who knows how to make you happy is
Mr Jarvis clears his throat again and Steve snaps out of it, guiltily ducking his head. Quite aside from gazing at him like a lovesick loon, Steve's been holding Tony's hand for goodness only knows how long. Tony climbs up into the buggy and Steve helps him keep his balance, then unhitches Star before climbing up on his own side.
"If you really don't want to it's not a big deal," Tony says, "but if you wouldn't mind I'd enjoy dancing with you. We can wait for a slow song and stay off to the side, yes?"
It's early yet, but what is Steve going to do? The faster he can get to sleep the faster it'll be tomorrow and maybe things'll be different. So he gets ready for sleep, but at the last moment he stands looking down at his bed and he just can't do it.
Tony doesn't react. His expression doesn't change, and his eyes don't leave Steve's face. After a moment the lack of reaction gets to Steve and he smiles awkwardly, then shuffles off to actually move the table. Tony just lets him and still doesn't move, doesn't even turn his head to watch.
Despite the fact that he's a good four inches shorter, Mr Jarvis looks down his nose at Steve and sniffs. "Thank you for the courtesy, Mister Rogers, but it's quite heavy."
"Then you tell him you don't understand," she says. "Steve. The most important thing at this point is that he knows you're
Mr Jarvis goes first, which surprises Steve; he'd assumed Mr Jarvis would help Tony up. But a split second later Steve realizes this means Mr Jarvis will be sitting
Steve doesn't know what else to say. That was all he's got. He starts half a dozen sentences but can't get any of them out, and Tony looks at him helplessly, and it'd be funny if it weren't so pitiful.
well: he somehow managed to stop thinking about this whole mess with Tony long enough to nearly traipse up to the house completely naked. He ducks against the wall of the barn, even though there's no way Tony'd be able to see him from the house or the yard, heart beating wildly and face heating with shame. He looks down at his clothes in his arms. The jeans will be far too difficult to pull on over his still-wet skin, and he has to wear the boots the rest of the day no matter what and doesn't want them damp.
They sit in silence for a while longer while Steve tries to imagine doing as Natasha says. It doesn't work very well.
Steve's throat seizes up. His hands clench so hard it hurts. It's worse even than when first the beautiful omega stepped into the sunshine on the train platform and Steve realized he was Tony. He's never been so nervous or unsure in all his life.
Steve's head jerks up, he's so startled. "What? Of course! You're welcome to stay for as long as you like."
So Steve does, of course he does, and then again. Tony hums. "Well, I have to say that your advertisement was an abject failure. You wanted someone to feed the chickens while you're away, and Steve, the next time you go on a trapping trip I'm going with you."
Still laughing Steve rolls Tony under him and kisses him mid-word, and Tony immediately throws his arms around Steve's neck and pulls, their mouths open and sloppy and gasping and desperate against each other.
They wrote to each other for near to a year before Steve asked Tony to marry him. Their letters had been relatively short at first, before they got to know each other, but by the time Steve asked and Tony said yes they were regularly writing pages and pages to each other. They'd written about everything under the sun – or so Steve had thought. He's realizing, now, that when it came to what their life together would be like, neither of them ever went into specifics. Steve told Tony about the farm and the town and the mountain in general, and the sort of things Steve does, but he didn't say much about what
been more difficult or painful than it is now. Especially when Tony tugs on Steve's elbow, and as soon as he turns Tony dumps a bundle of too-heavy towels into Steve's arms, and he realizes Tony even thought to heat some bricks for Steve to put at the end of his bed.
It's quiet for a little while. Steve still doesn't know what to say, and isn't sure he'd say anything even if he did. He can't see Tony, but he gets the feeling that Tony's gathering himself to say something else.
Steve's so startled he chokes on his own spit and can hardly cough because he's laughing so hard. Tony swats at him, but he's smiling. "Steve! Stop it!" Tony laughs. "I am baring my
"Yes," Steve says, and he didn't mean to interrupt but Tony stops walking and looks at him like he's desperate for
I realized something when I was re-reading your letters. Before I thought that you and I had written each other about everything, and I thought that I had told you so much about myself and about life here, but I see now I didn't ever tell you what your place here could be. I told you about my day, but never about what yours might be. I told you the things I do for myself, but I never told you what I will do for
Steve says, a gut-punched noise, and Tony wraps his arms tight around Steve's head and pulls him down and
He curls up against the foot of the bed and fumbles the chest open. And it's bad enough that he can't write a letter because his hands are shaking too badly, but it's too dark even to read. Miserable and denied even that comfort he clutches a handful of letters he can't see and curls around them, still afforded the meagre comfort of the faded scent of Tony on them - drowning and grasping at the knowledge that everything Steve dreamed may have been kind of real and kind of not but
Tony stops at the foot of the staircase, too, and stares at him open-mouthed. Steve doesn't know why, but he hopes it's not because Tony's shocked at how poorly Steve cleans up.
if Jarvis knows what he's doing to me? Is he going to be kind while Jarvis is here so Jarvis doesn't check on me as often as he might once he leaves? Is this alpha never going to marry me at
He startles and turns to find the middle-aged beta looking at him pointedly. "Yes?" says Steve. "How can I help you?" He almost bites off his tongue not asking if Tony is all right, because he doesn't know any other reason why someone with such a fancy accent would be speaking to him. But Steve has always been cautious of other people's safety, and he's not going to blurt out anything about his omega without at
Tony quirks a smile, just a tiny little thing. "You didn't exactly know what you were getting into either, Steve. We've barely talked. You haven't even sampled my cooking yet. Do you want to wait to get married, and see how I do with everything first?"
. Even in the midst of the deluge the thought makes him almost smile with borrowed warmth, and he knows that'll be enough for him. More than enough.
Steve, though, wonderful Steve sees him staring at the writing desk and wringing his hands and after a few moments of confusion his face lights with understanding. He really is quite smart; Tony's not sure why Steve never brags about it or anything. But Steve doesn't even say anything; all he does is smile at Tony and kiss his cheek, then go get his whittling and bring it to the table. He turns his chair, though, so that it's facing away with the back pressed against the table, then he settles in with his work.
"All right," Tony whispers back, so Steve puts his right hand on Tony's back and takes Tony's left hand in his own and they run for the door. Tony laughs as everyone pelts them with grain and flowers. It's perfect.
They stare at each other for a long time. Try as he might to find an alternate explanation, there's no mistaking the way Tony's holding his eye or the expression on his face.
Steve doesn't have time for prurient thoughts when Tony quickly opens his pants and starts tugging them down his legs, too busy flinging his arms out and trying to keep his balance as the wet cloth sucks onto his also-wet skin and won't let go.
"I'm light on my feet. I'd have to be, after all the interminable dance lessons I was subject to for the last ten years. I'll be able to stay out of the way. Besides, what if I'm asking because
Most times Steve likes to draw landscapes. He's drawn the view from the porch more times than he can count, but only because every time he looks it's just a little bit different. A few times - the few times he managed to work up the courage - he carefully folded sketches of the view or the woods or the town or the mountain into the letters he sent to Tony. If Tony recognizes that what he's looking at is something Steve drew for him many a time he doesn't say, and Steve can't find the words to point it out to him without sounding like he's fishing for compliments. Not that Tony would be able to see the similarities anyway, it's so dark. Steve picks up his whittling instead.
“I said, I chose you. When your father gave me that choice, I didn’t hesitate. I chose you because I loved you because I wanted to be with you because I couldn’t imagine life without you in it.” Steve keeps his eyes fixed on the wall as if he’s not brave enough to look Tony in the eye. “You told me about that life you imagined for us, where we’d go on adventures together, dig together, live together, and it would be perfect because we had each other. I dreamed of that life too. For fuck’s sake, Tony, I
“Then, that’s progress,” Eshe says, gently. She turns to Steve, who looks almost afraid with what she’s going to say to him. “Steve, do you accept that you have this urge to protect Tony from everything, possibly including yourself, and that urge to protect him means that you often make decisions
Steve closes his eyes. “I regret it all. I wish… I wish I’d done better. I wish I’d told you the truth from the moment that I found out.”
Steve’s hand cups the back of his skull and presses him close, so their foreheads are nudged together. “Do you have any idea what I’d do if I saw you with someone else?” he asks, lowly, his own strength able to lift Tony onto his cock at the rhythm that pleases him.
“Steve…” Tony hesitates. “Steve didn’t take it well, with the kids being gone like that. He sort of broke down. I didn’t think it was fair to make him come here, because I made the decision to leave, Sam. I called the ambulance, I called you, and then, I left, and I’m the one who should suffer the consequences.”
Tony has never been beyond the Shield Road, and so, he gapes at everything with newfound interest, like a child.
Peter tugs at the sleeve of his shirt, his face creased in concern. “You’re always home, Appa,” he complains. “Where were you today?”
“I really don’t want to rehash any of this. I don’t… I think… look, you said you came here to see how I was doing. Well, as you can see, I’m fine. I’m just…
Steve pushes up, with a groan, when his hole closes around the first inch of his cock like a vice. Tony’s nails dig into Steve’s bare shoulders, and he bears down, Steve’s hips rising until he’s fully inside him. The stretch burns a little at first, even with all of that slick to ease the way, but the pressure is deep, all-encompassing, nothing like he’s ever felt before, nothing that he expected from his first time (he had been convinced that his first time would be painful and dry and uncomfortable with a selfish, cruel alpha who wasn’t interested in his pleasure at all beyond anything that his soft, lithe omega body could provide for
Tony pushes it into his hand and watches with nervous excitement as Steve coats his fingers liberally with the lube, before pressing them, thin and long, artist’s fingers, inside Tony, two right off the bat, and adding a third within mere seconds.
Phillips looks at Tony. “I can’t touch you. You’re a civilian, and your father is the military’s number one weapons contractor.” He turns to Peggy. “You are neither.”
Tony isn’t spared a second look. He wonders if he should be offended that his children have all-but forgotten about him now that Steve is here, even though it’s him that does everything for them: drops them at school and makes their lunches and helps them with their homework and puts contact on their books and washes their clothes and buys the tissue boxes and the soap that their teacher wants because it’s a public school and apparently they can’t afford basic amenities. And then, Steve shows up, after ages, and he has their love, immediately.
Tony had thought Steve just needed an incentive, something to remind him exactly what he had at home, and while he loved his children and he knew that Steve loved his children, they might not be the incentive that a man in his thirties who looked like Steve wanted (of course, Tony, as the primary caregiver of two young children doesn’t get that privilege, the choice of looking at what he has and deciding that it isn’t enough; not that he would ever think that).
With incredible swiftness, Tony backhands the needle into a far wall, which shatters the glass into a million pieces onto the floor.
Wanda shakes her head. “Sam will never leave the VA, and I wouldn’t want him to. He’s happiest when he’s working there.” She looks down at their still-joined hands. “You want to tell me what happened yesterday?” she asks, careful, measured, precise.
The day that Steve leaves for war, it is night; the stars are shining, and the wind is cool, chill enough that Tony’s nipples are jutting against his silk clothes – not that Steve would ever realise when his body forms itself in a way that should normally please an alpha (Steve appears to be the only alpha that isn’t attracted to him; his brother sure appears to be).
Steve’s broad palm slides a hot line from his throat down the centre of his chest down to the buckle of his belt.
Steve nods to himself, and there’s a certain lightness to his being that Tony attributes to his acceptance.
James purses his lips thin, so tight that Tony can see the seam between them turn white. “Cut one head off, and two more grow back in its place,” he intones, with a curling grin that bares just a slip of his sharp, white teeth.
“I wonder why she’s not here,” Tony muses. “Does she think that even ex-HYDRA assassins need some dog-walking time?”
Steve leans back on his haunches and grabs at his cock. “I’m going to give you a choice,” he says, slowly. “You can suck on my cock, and I can come all over your pretty face,
Steve grins, satisfied, and leans back on his heels. “Have to keep things interesting, huh? Can’t have you getting bored with me.”
“But he…” Tony’s throat flexes, and he props up his tangled hands on top of his stomach. “He loved you,” he says, softly. “He loved you. He thought of you like the son he should have had. Every time we spoke back then, he talked about you and how brilliant you were and how you were going to revolutionize the field of archaeology and how he was so glad that you’d chosen him as a mentor, but, at the same time, of course, you did, because he was so great, and you were so great, and it was like a match made in fucking heaven.”
? I mean, what’s happening between us, it’s good, isn’t it? Like I said, I love you, and I want the rest of our life to be just like this, and...” He squares his jaw. “I mean, we’ve lost so much, both of us, people we love, and we can’t change that, but we have to keep going, and I want to keep going with
“That’s really interesting, sweetheart, because I called Pepper,” Steve says, his voice sharpening. “Because I wanted to know when you’d come home, whether you wanted me to grab some takeaway for dinner. But you want to know what sort of conversation I had with Pepper?”
Tony curls a hand around the nape of Steve’s neck, sidling closer to him, as he nudges his nose against Steve’s cheekbone.
Tony swallows past the lump in his throat. “That’s because I miss him,” he says, quietly, “and it hurts to think about him. I got… I got really good at compartmentalising when I was a kid, so if something hurts, I’m very good at not thinking about it. Maybe that’s wrong. Maybe that’s doing him a disservice, because he was important to me. I did love him. He did feel like a son to me, and I
“Fine.” Tony drags his hand over his face. “Look, I spoke to Loki. He’s an ass, but he basically said that there was… well, there was no changing what he’d done to you, that you’d be like this forever.”
Tony flings himself into the front seat, and James and Steve get into the back, and they have their guns on them, he realises, once he looks through the rear-view mirror, and he pulls the car into gear, driving out at breakneck speed.
“Tony, do you accept that you were wrong to lie to Steve too? About your unhappiness, about your relationship with James, about what you were doing with him?”
better. The Strategic Scientific Reserve is an Allied effort, made up of the best minds in the free world. Our goal is to create the finest army in history. But every army starts with one man. By the end of this week, we’re going to choose that man. He’s going to be the first of a new breed of super soldiers. And they are personally going to escort Adolf Hitler to the gates of hell.”
“You’re a billionaire. I’m sure that you can afford a new one,” Steve says, matter-of-factly, brushing Tony’s hair out of his eyes.
miserable, forcing us to stay away from each other when it was the last thing either of us wanted, and it was all for
“Look, I’m not keen on it either, but it’s either walk, or only get to school at 11:30. Don’t you want to be in the parade?” Tony asks, cajoling.
Steve looks at the twins, uncertain himself. “Let’s go into our bedroom,” he coaxes and walks out, expecting Tony to follow him.
All he can hear is the sound of his heartbeat in his ears. He crosses to his bed, and then, the window crashes inward, the killer dives through it and grabs him by the waist. Tony twists, managing to grab the wrist of the hand with the knives on it, barely managing to stop the knives from piercing his throat and ending his life then and there.
Steve grunts, and his cock twitches in Tony’s hand. Tony raises his feet, with a hungry, pulsating intensity, the blood hot in his face, and uses them to drag Steve’s pants off his hips and his ankles, leaving him blessedly naked and pinning Tony to the lumpy mattress below.
The anger floods up in his chest, floods into his throat, like a new dragon baring its bleeding heart. He swings his hand, curled into his fist, to punch Steve all over again, but this time, Steve catches his fist before it can make contact.
When Bucky and Steve stride into the penthouse, Peter abandons Toni and the Lego Death Star that they’re building, rushing across the expanse of the lounge so that he can throw himself into Steve’s arms. Steve catches him with a laugh and swings him up into the air.
James leans back, his expression flattening. “I promise I won’t touch him until you tell me that it’s okay to do so.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “When we get home from school tonight, the two of you are going to clean this place up. This is a bathroom, not a pigsty,” he tells them, firmly.
Jarvis closes his hand around Tony’s ankle, squeezing, once Tony climbs under the sheets. “Your father cares about you a lot more than you realise, sir,” he says, gently.
The noise catches in his throat, and he sounds like a dying cat, the air anchoring tight in his chest, as he breathes.
It’s not an intense ceremony, thank God. She doesn’t have bridesmaids; she has attendants, that being Pepper and Bruce and Happy, and a man of honour, being Rhodey, and so do Bucky and Steve, who go with Sam and Natasha and Clint.
He squeezes Tony’s arm, and his hand comes back wet and gleaming with blood, fresh blood. Across Tony’s forearm, there’s a deep gash, which is bleeding freely, and Tony remembers where the killer’s knives had cut him when Tony hadn’t been quick enough to dodge.
“Do you know how easy it is to lead a little child?” Tony insists. “To make them say what you want them to? Or what you’re afraid they’ll say?”
“There are always going to be assholes who do this to me, Tony,” James says, gesturing to his wounded front. “All I can do is be better and faster than them and limit the damage, but it doesn’t always mean that I’ll come away scot-free. This is just one of those times.”
shit with me either. I have never expressed an issue with the way we have sex. Yes, I have my kinks, and I’ve always shared them with you. I have never forced you into anything, and for fuck’s sake, you’ve even
“Nat,” Steve exclaims, joyously, standing up so quickly that the table rocks. “Nat, what are you doing here?”
Tony thinks he might fall when his feet touch the ground, and he grips onto Steve’s shoulder just to brace himself until his legs stop feeling like jelly.
Tony lets his tongue loll out and lick up whatever come he can reach, his cock twitching at the bitter taste.
“Aerial reconnaissance has proven unfruitful. As a result, I must declare Captain Rogers killed in action.”
“You fucking–” he snarls, wary and furious, his voice hoarse, as he untangles himself from his bedclothes.
“Anyway, James told me that when he got back to the States, SHIELD started looking into him and his track record and in particular, what he used to do for HYDRA. Apparently, they don’t quite believe that he’s actually defected. So, they’ve been tailing him, setting their agents on him.”
“–and maybe,” Steve hesitates, shifts, like he’s about to say something that he knows that Tony won’t like, “maybe you were dreaming about this guy because Pepper was dreaming about him; maybe you felt guilty, because Pepper stayed over because you were scared–”
Tony is married, for two; he’s married to a man named Steve Rogers, with a head of golden hair and a strong jawline and gorgeous blue, blue eyes and a body built like a line-backer. Steve can pick him up with both his hands, and once Tony gets his legs around his waist, he can balance him there for what seems like an endless age. Steve is kind and generous and creative. He knows all of Tony’s quirks and loves him despite them. He has corny taste in music, and he likes to draw Tony into a dance impromptu-like in the living room to old 1940s jazz music in the middle of the living room. He once punched out Tiberius Stone, Tony’s big, mad, insane ex-boyfriend, the boy who gaslit Tony and psychologically fucked with him and emotionally abused him and hit him when Tony didn’t behave and finally, put him in hospital, his entire body broken and bloodied and bruised, his shoulder dislocated and his jaw wired shut.
James clears his throat and kneels in front of Peter. “I was gone,” he explains, without taking his eyes off Peter, looking him square in the face. “I was in accident, and your dad thought I was gone, but actually some bad people had me.”
Snakes are moving in force up the pillar toward Steve’s dwindling torch. Steve grasps the pillar for dear life, grimaces with exertion, and pushes against the wall with all he’s got. The pillar begins to break loose of the ceiling, then stops. Steve’s eyes are on the torch, which is just a spot of flame now.
Howard would never have done this before, touched him so easily, like fathers should be able to touch their sons (Tony wonders if he’d changed his mind, changed the way he acted around Tony after what happened between him and Obadiah, as though Tony would misunderstand him).
“Talk about my abusive father in an attempt to dissuade from my evil drinking habits,” Tony snarls, clambering to his feet. “It’s one glass of wine, Steve. I’m not wasted. I’m not even mildly tipsy yet. I was trying to get there, but right now I feel so shamed that I should probably just tip the whole bottle down the sink. And for the record, I am very much aware of the two little children sleeping upstairs. If they need me, I will go up there and I will take care of them. If they come down here, I will politely explain to them that wine is an adult person’s drink, and they absolutely cannot drink it until they’re twenty-one, and it’s the sort of drink that can make people funny, so you have to careful with it. I will give them an age-appropriate safe drinking lecture, so they know not to repeat my mistakes and my father’s mistakes with alcohol. Are you happy now?”
His throat is raw and swollen on the inside; his eyes feel like they’ll fall out of their sockets at any point in time, and each breath feels like swallowing a lit candle.
“No, no, this is good, because I was stressing a little. I mean, you weren’t a virgin when we had sex, but Steve was a total virgin when he and I had sex, so, at the very least both of you lose your virginity in some way during this relationship.”
Wanda shakes her head. “We can stick the kids in front of the television, and then, we can talk. You look… like you need someone to talk to about this.”
“I saw those photos on the table, and I know how it must look.” James hesitates. “Tony told me that he told you about… before, about MIT.”
Tony laughs. “I love you,” he says, full of fondness, “and if you think even for a second that I’d walk away from you, because you look like this, well, you’re a total moron.”
Tony’s throat flexes. “We shouldn’t talk about this now,” he says, quietly, smoothing his golden hair back like how he might have done for the kids.
Sometimes, Tony feels so low that he considers throwing himself out of a window, thinks that no one would mourn him, that Grant may lose his whore, but Tony will be at peace (it has been many moons since Steve was in this castle, and he must have found a camp follower or a brothel worker to spend his nights with, considering that he was at war, his blood was up, and it wasn’t as if he was able to find gratification with his bonded omega; Rhodey and Pepper would have forgotten about him without a single raven on his end).
Tony shouts, and he wakes up in his bed, convulsing under his sheets, looking around wildly at his bedroom, his very normal bedroom with comfortable Egyptian cotton sheets, with an insane thread count, his stacks of physics books, DUM-E sleeping in the corner, a desk that has no sense of organisation.
He sobs out when he sees Pepper’s slack, mumbling face, Natasha’s mouth open in an ever-constant wail of misery.
“She’s… I think she’s his receptionist. I’m like eight-five percent certain that he’s screwing her,” Tony says, wringing his hands together.
“Yeah, Stevie, we love you,” James says, softly, and when looks down, he sees James’ hand solidly gripping Steve by the knee.
He stands, allows Pepper to dress him in the clothing that Obadiah had bought for him, a dark grey doublet with white wolves embroidered, dark breeches and a cloth-of-gold half-cape to drape over his shoulder.
Finally, he rushes towards the front doors, which slide away as he approaches. There’s dull music playing on the speaker system, and the light is bright, sterile, burning at his eyes. Tony starts down one aisle, looking for Steve.
“No,” Maushmi says, firmly. “You have no business going to school. I don’t even think you slept last night.”
are not my speciality, but I will speak to my mother. If anyone knows how to fix what Loki has done, it is Queen Frigga.” He squeezes Tony’s shoulder. “Be at peace, friend. I will go and investigate on your behalf.”
When they look up, a police officer is easing out of a bush, Phil Coulson, a gun levelled straight at Natasha.
There’s a vast ocean between them, and Tony doesn’t think either of them are ready to swim, but there is something different here, something that Tony couldn’t have and wouldn’t have thought possible until all of this happened, until all of the skeletons were unearthed, literally and figuratively.
“I was crying so hard, and I… I was talking to the doctor, and Sam wanted to take over, you know, because he knew it was so hard for me to even get the words out, but I wouldn’t even let him touch the phone. I was trying to get the doctor to hold off from unplugging him, at least until I got there, but he said that he’d kept him there for long enough as it is, that they needed the bed for someone else, and that he just needed my consent over the phone, as Pietro’s next of kin. So, I gave him my consent. We flew over, went to the hospital, had a quiet burial, just me and Sam and the friend that had called him and dropped Pietro in the hospital. And I thought… I thought things would be okay, you know, after we buried him, that we could heal. But really, this is where everything began.”
Peter scowls with all of the anger a child can muster. “You know I hate it when you say that,” he complains.
Maushmi rushes over and climbs onto the stool, grabbing the glass and drinking the Horlicks slowly. Peter joins very soon, his hair sticking up all over the place. While the children drink their Horlicks, Tony gets their lunch together: a cheese sandwich with the crusts cut off, a mandarin and one of those fruit roll-ups snacks for recess as well.
“Let’s play like we used to play,” Obadiah drawls, with a certain, lascivious edge to his voice that makes his insides curdle.
A grin splits Steve’s face in two, showing a row of straight, white teeth, which only serves to create a flutter in Tony’s belly. He draws Tony close again and kisses him, lazy, with ease.
“Hey, hey,” Tony says, quickly, sending both of them a stern look. “No name calling, remember? We talked about this. You remember what I said?”
friend,” Tony says, his voice thick. “I loved her, but the fight she and Nat had at lunch today wasn’t that serious. It wasn’t… you guys make it sound like Nat was planning this, that she was planning on disembowelling her fucking girlfriend tonight, and she wasn’t like that,
“You can’t… promise me you won’t,” Tony says, suddenly, his voice sharp, reaching out to clutch at James’ hands, so hard that his nails dig into the skin. “Promise me, James. Promise me you won’t
His alpha’s companion is standing there, a man named James Barnes, tall and fierce, with a metal arm welded to his right side, hair pulled back from his face.
Steve covers his face with his hand. “Sometimes, I think I’m worse now than I was before,” he confesses.
He slips out of the bed, hurtling towards the bathroom, and immediately up-ends the contents of his empty stomach into the toilet bowl, curling his arms around the base.
“Of course,” Ms Lewis says, softly. “No one knows your children better than you do, and anything that can help me understand them better is good.”
"Steve," Tony says. Steve stops and turns to face him fully, but doesn't come any closer. Tony fidgets for what feels like ages, darting glances at Steve's face and then away, before he finally says, "Maybe, um, maybe we could eat dinner together downstairs? Um?"
As soon as they get into the house Steve locks the door. "Tony," Steve says, not sure how to ask. They've been so cautious of each other lately, and things have been going well but Steve has been trying so hard to avoid anything that might upset Tony (which is difficult since he doesn't know exactly what any of that
"If you were angry at me," Steve says, "you'd be upstairs in your room, but you're still down here talking to me."
There's a vase of wildflowers on the table. The vase was a gift from Natasha, two days ago, when he mentioned giving Tony flowers and said something about putting them in a cup. He'd made himself go for a walk and watch the sun rise this morning, to calm his nerves, and had plucked every lovely flower he saw on his way back. He's not sure if he arranged them correctly, or if despite their individual loveliness he's put them together in such a way that together they look neither lovely nor classy.
he gets back to the house. He gets Star fed and settled. Clomps wearily up the steps onto the porch. Sighs in relief at no longer being under the rain. There's light leaking from the edges of the curtains and around the door – Tony left the fire burning for him. He takes off his hat and tips the water off the brim. Reaches for the door, thinks again, takes off his boots and tips the water out of those, too. Holds his hat and his boots in one hand, because he does have to take them inside to dry by the fire or he'll have to get new ones, and opens the door.
"I'm going to make sure he leaves," Steve says. Before he can even stand up, though, Sif says, "Clint's got it, Cap," and nods to the window. Sure enough, a moment later Clint ambles by, for all the world casual and unhurried, but he's moving towards the station and his eyes are sharp.
Telling you what I expect from you is the most difficult thing, Tony, so I know I should start there. I've been staring at the page for ten minutes trying to find what to say. It's difficult though because I just want to say what I've been saying: I don't expect anything from you at all. Natasha tells me though that that isn't going to be enough for you to feel comfortable, so I've got to say something else.
But when they ask Sif says he went up to his room after eating dinner yesterday and hasn't come out since. Steve wants to point out that just because no one saw him leave doesn't mean he's still here, but he also doesn't want to overreact just yet so he bites his tongue.
...Until he remembers that Tony's right upstairs. Christ, he's such a fool. He picks up the letter and sees it's addressed to Mr Jarvis, and
Something is tugging on the letters. Someone's trying to take them away. Steve bites off a sob and holds them tighter, no, no, don't take this away from him too - but then he hears something, someone talking, and the words can't make it through his clogged ears and stuffed-up brain but he recognizes the voice. Tony's pulling on the letters and Steve does
"Tony," Steve says. Tony's mouth clicks shut in the middle of a word and he looks at Steve steadily, not blinking or looking away, but he's hunched over and partially turned away, his hands wringing together, and ye gods, it looks like he's waiting for Steve to – to what? Tell him he did something wrong? What the hell?
either, and that's what's important. They aren't touching but Steve can hear Tony breathing and see his hair and the movement of the blankets as he shuffles awake. Once they're both fed and clean they lock everything up tight and go back into town.
He's surprised to find the kitchen occupied not by Tony, but by Mr Jarvis. He's more surprised to find a hot pot of coffee waiting and, when he looks around as he pours himself a cup, the room seems to have been tidied. Cityfolk make no kind of sense.
The moment is broken by Steve's stomach gurgling loudly, and Tony laughs. It's breathy and nervous but still a laugh, and Steve could float right off the ground.
Tony doesn’t move to run or scream, even as he hears several people passing by them on the nearby sidewalk.
“I think we can argue,” Agent Carter says, quietly. “Apologies, Colonel, but I’m inclined to agree with Dr. Erskine and Mr. Stark on this one. Hodge is a bully and a rapist, and I’d rather not see him as the poster boy for the Allied victory, if we can help it.”
and used it to describe your idea of a pure German race. My gods will never give you a favor; they don’t give people like you, who do the things that
“And I guess I played on that. I wanted to see what sort of person you were. I mean, I knew you from the tabloids and the newspapers, but… I didn’t think that was the same guy that Steve married, that there must have been more to you-”
The last thing for them to do is exchange the garlands, and once they’ve done that, without the usual
Finally, after the tenth time they’ve waterboarded him after he tells them to fuck off, he collapses into exhaustion and darkness.
“I’m someone who cares a lot about you,” James replies, simply. “I’m someone who’s worried about you.”
Maybe Steve has realised that, and their marriage can finally turn a corner. Maybe they can be good together again. Maybe Steve won’t need any more distractions, his outside comforts, and maybe Tony will be enough for him again.
“You,” Steve punctuates the word with a firm kiss to the side of Tony’s face, “are a very specific person.”
Wow, that hurts as much as anything else Tony has ever felt, like a hot, blistering knife twisting in his belly.
“Would you, in the future, feel comfortable telling Steve when you are happy, when you feel neglected, unloved, unwanted, when you have suspicions the same way you did before?”
Steve winces. “I do,” he says, cautiously, “but that’s something we do talk about with each other. I talk about you and the kids, and she tells me about the people she dates. That’s… I mean, that’s literally the extent of our social conversation. We don’t really delve into… troublesome details.”
Howard purses his lips and looks away. “I wouldn’t hesitate to do it again,” he says, firmly. “You’re my
Tony scowls. “I grew up with him. The least that I could do for him is to attend his funeral. He’s my oldest friend, my first boyfriend, my first lover, my first everything. I loved him once, I’ll always love him.”
The fingers that were currently wrapped around Tony’s cock nudge at his mouth, so that Tony can part his lips and take his fingers into his mouth and taste his own pre-come.
The submarine had stopped, and he realizes quickly that it was a gentle well of water that had splashed him awake.
Steve obeys her, wordlessly, and she reaches out and grabs James’ flesh hand without a hint of fear. Peter takes a little longer, more cautious than his sister, but ultimately takes James’ metal hand, blinking up at him.
“Jamie, if I didn’t patch you up, I might have contributed to your death, and that’s not really another black mark on my conscience that I need,” Tony points out.
He could see Steve’s shoulders slumping, the tears coming to his eyes, the way that his mouth turns down at the corners in misery, and he reaches for Tony, apologising and apologising vehemently, telling him that it wasn’t some sordid thing, that it had nothing to do with Tony, that Tony was
“But you will be my alpha,” Tony points out, fidgeting before he decides that sitting down would be the proper thing to do – his alpha has already given his instruction.
pretending I am so that you can justify the shit that you’ve done to me.” He shakes his head. “What I can promise you is that if she comes here again, if she comes anywhere around
“Senator Brandt, I regret to report that Captain Steven G. Rogers went missing behind enemy lines on the third of last week.”
Ms Lewis clears her throat and looks away, her cheeks suddenly pink. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
They crack open the plastic boxes, and Tony passes one each to the twins, putting the fork in their hands. They stumble a little at the beginning, and because the take-out container is so full, they end up slicing half the noodles in the attempt to take it out of the box, and it ends up splattering over the table.
He collapses on top of James’ chest, and Steve slings an arm around his waist, pressing his kiss against his temple, fierce and firm and almost harsh.
“And now, you come here, to my chambers, in the middle of the night, wearing that robe and not much else under it, to accost me over my supposedly
His sire is standing on the stage, surrounded by beautiful omegas in various states of undress, flirting them in a way that his bearer would most definitely not like at all.
“This is really bad, isn’t it?” Tony asks, woodenly, unable to take his eyes off Maushmi’s sleeping, slack face.
“Yes, yes, I’m yours, only yours,” Tony says, eagerly, rolling his hips back against the thrust of Steve’s fingers inside him.
Tony makes his way into the kitchen and he pours oil into the wok, getting the fire underneath started. He gets started on the vegetables: baby corn and mushrooms and broccoli and red bell peppers and bok choy and cabbage and asparagus and garlic and ginger.
Steve unbuckles Tony’s belt, unzipping the slacks and sliding his hand instead, past Tony’s underwear to curl around his cock, filling fast between his fingers. Tony gasps, the back of his head rubbing up against the brick wall. Tony tugs at Steve’s own dress uniform, finding the zipper to the slacks and pulling it down sharply, so that he can get his own hand around Steve’s cock.
Tony climbs out of the bushes, only to find Natasha cornered in the middle of the streets by a number of police in plain clothes, one of whom had been the guy that Tony had observed reading his newspaper.
Sometimes, Tony can’t help himself, his curiosity like a raging, reeling animal beating within his chest, and he asks JARVIS to tap into the phone call from his workshop.
“Thank you for telling me that, Steve,” she says, softly. She leans forward, folds her hands in her lap. “I suppose the next thing for me to ask is what you want to get out of this.”
“Damn,” Steve sighs. “Okay, how about Nat? She doesn’t have anything on. I could ask if she doesn’t mind sticking around, helping you out.”
, and you either didn’t realise it and instead, decided that my feelings for you weren’t as good or as effusive as yours, or you
you in that fucking apartment, and when you came out, you were smiling, you were touching him, and I know you,” he says, savagely, showing the pearly-white shine of his teeth. “I know you, Tony, I know how you look when you’re trying to fool someone, pretending to flirt with them so they do what you want and give you what you want. You lean in real close, and you flutter your eyelashes, and you chew on your lip a little, and you drag your fingers over their collar. And I also know what you look like when you genuinely care about someone, when you’re interested in what they have to say, when you
“Yeah, well, you have skill, but I have smarts, and I also have the ability to control every country’s weapons’ system and fire nuclear bombs at will,” he drawls.
“No, no, you’re…” Tony pinches the bridge of his nose, his gut roiling. “You’re completely fine. I just…” his throat flexes. “Thank you for… for telling me about this, for showing me this. Can I, uh, can I take this with me, or-or make a copy or something?”
“Well…” Tony trails off, purposefully. “It’s not like I dressed in this get-up for us to have boring, old missionary sex, Rogers.”
What he should do throw the bitch out on her ass for having the temerity to sit there right in front of him with those luminous green eyes of hers and lecture Tony on his marriage, while she’s the one fucking his husband, she’s the snake in their garden (or maybe she’s not, maybe she just took advantage of the fact that this marriage was rotten and fetid for a while, and that’s on him, not on her).
“O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.”
“It’s not necessarily a bad thing,” Tony smiles, slow and uninhibited, “when you’re being honest with me about it.” He leans in, almost brushing Steve’s mouth with his. “Making me beg you to let me come, making me say all those things like
Tony stares at him. “I didn’t think that anyone was capable of hurting me the way you did,” he muses.
, I have hated myself and second-guessed myself and generally wanted to set myself on fire, because of everything.” He drags his hands over his face, his shoulders wired tight. “Every time you ran out of the room to answer a phone call so you wouldn’t have to do it front of me; every time that you ran out of this house for a fucking conference or some paperwork that you absolutely had to finish; that fucking necklace, the way she looked at you and touched you and had the nerve to come here and offer me fucking advice on our marriage, the marriage that I knew was crumbling before my very eyes, it made me
Steve has even more gaping holes – Sam would have been his best man, or even Bucky, and Natasha and maybe even Wanda would have been
The hostess nods eagerly. “Yes, we’ve just had a cask of Schloss Johannisberg Silberback that I can bring you?” she asks, looking between the two of them.
Tony’s lower lip is trembling, matching the pace of his hands in his lap. “Fuck, Steve,” he says, his teeth chattering. “You… God, what did you do?”
“I have to leave you here for a little while,” Steve insists, putting his hands on his thighs. “I know where the gem is, Tony. If I take you out of here, they’ll start combing the place for us.”
Tony bares his teeth. “Obadiah Stane is alive. I don’t know how to explain to you how he is alive, but he’s alive. Whatever you did to him wasn’t enough. It didn’t kill him completely. He killed Pepper and Natasha, and he’s already tried to kill me and Steve half a dozen times already. The next time I fall asleep, I’ll be dead, because I can’t keep fighting him, and he has all the power.”
And that’s what Peter and Maushmi are seeing now, feeling now, internalising now, which is what resulted in these pieces of paper that Tony clutches at between his fingers, perched on the edge of the bed, as Steve undresses from his work clothes and slips into a worn-out, white singlet and boxers.
Tony pads over to the breakfast table and joins him there, taking a seat next to his husband, while James takes the other side.
Tony spends that entire night not sleeping and pacing, because he thinks that all it takes is one phone-call, one accusation that a monogamous, polyamorous relationship means that he and Steve are unfit parents for CPS to show up on their doorstep and take the kids away.
“I promise,” Tony says, solemnly, holding his hand to his heart. “Nothing bad can happen to you here. I won’t let it. I
Tony knows a dismissal when he hears one, and he heads out of the tent, shooting one last look at the alpha on the bed; the scent flares between the two of them, and Tony turns back, his neck hot.
“You… you look like you’re about to jump out of your skin. Why don’t you sit down?” James asks, slowly, stretching out a hand to place on the small of Tony’s back and lead him to the couch.
Steve tells her that he could have talked to Sam about it, but he knew that Sam would push him to tell Tony the truth about SHIELD and considering how long they’d been together and how long he’d been keeping that secret, it was going to end up in a clusterfuck of epic proportions that he was scared Tony and he wouldn’t survive.
Eshe’s dark eyes fly to him, with a raised eyebrow. “Tony? Is there something that you want to say?”
“I’d tell him first,” Tony says, quickly. “Before you actually came over. I’d make it clear to him that we were… involved once, but that was a long time ago, and that we were just friends now.”
“I was scared,” Tony confesses, like he’s bleeding out all the worst parts of himself for Steve to see, because what else is left? What else is he protecting? They’re already at the end of everything, and if this ends in divorce, let it be said that he’s allowed Steve to know everything, that he held nothing back. “I was… it was like a powder keg, our marriage, for so long, at least to me. I was so convinced that if I touched it just a little too much, pushed a little too hard, everything would blow up and you’d walk away. I don’t know what I’d do if you walked away,” he says, miserably.
Tony lands on his knees in front of him, hands curling around his broad forearms, pulling Steve’s hands away from his head. “Hey, hey, listen to me,” he says, urgently.
Peter fists his little hand in the collar of James’ hand, tugging to get his attention. When James turns, Peter begins to speak in low, cajoling voice.
“She… she didn’t say, she didn’t get a chance. The last thing was a scream, and then, a thud, and the phone was going dead,” Tony stammers.
Tony’s hands are shaking, and there is something volcanic and messy building up within his chest. “You still
James winces. “I mean, it’s weird. I feel… full,” he admits. “I feel like I’m stretching at the seams of my body, but I feel close to him, I feel like he could reach into my ribcage, and that I could do the same to him.”
A snake slithers towards him on that upper level, inches from Steve’s straining face. Steve manages, somehow, to turn his head so that the torch in his mouth can burn it, causing the snake to fall from the pillar.
Tony slaps him hard on the arm. “What the fuck is wrong with you?” he demands. “What the hell are you doing here?”
Tony feels the heat clench hard in his belly, his cock becoming impossibly hard and wetting the silk of his underwear with his pre-come.
“We got married, had the kids, and everything was fine, until it wasn’t. I don’t know if you know this; I don’t know whether Wanda or even Steve has told you this, but he and I are having problems, marriage problems.”
“That was… that was…” Steve struggles to get out a word to adequately describe exactly what he’s feeling.
The price of his children is too big of a price, even faced with all of his low self-esteem and his daddy issues and his abusive ex-boyfriend issues.
Warnings for this chapter: this chapter is ALL smut, explicit sexual content, dirty talk, sex work fantasy that is really not reflective of what it must be like for sex workers, role play sex, filming during sex, consensual verbal degradation/humiliation, barebacking, lingerie kink.
Suddenly, James starts speaking in loud, dramatic Russian, drawing sceptical, alarmed stares from passers-by.
, Tony realizes, as Steve nears him, his face gaunt and lean, with dark circles under his eyes, like he’s been punched twice over like he hasn’t been sleeping.
Grant withdraws from the boy, and the boy stumbles, clearly weak-kneed, gathering up his clothes, dressing quickly, and rushing past Tony, who plasters himself against the door frame in an attempt to avoid the two of them touching.
“Tony,” Wanda hesitates. “Look, Steve… didn’t seem his usual self when he came to drop the kids over last night. He was… angry, to say the least, and he wouldn’t answer when I asked him where you were. Is… is everything okay?” she asks, cautiously.
Tony pulls his mouth off. “No,” he says, sternly. “I like it. You can pull my hair. I like the pain.”
“I do,” Ms Lewis sighs. “And honestly, all I can do is hope that they eventually get used to the routine.”
Tony pauses, and then, pales in a rush. He runs to the door, grappling for the edges of doors to keep him upright, until he finally reaches the front door and pulls it open, and it’s James, standing on the other side, blood matting his hair, his front, and his eyes drifting shut.
At the time, back when Steve still pictured Tony as a destitute young man, Steve thought he meant he'd try his hand at things like learning how to cook dishes that'd be a staple on a farm. But now Steve's realizing that not only did he never actually tell Tony what dishes those
But Tony's smiling now, small and unsure but genuine. "I know what you mean, Steve," he says softly. "Let's go," and he doesn't finish the sentence but he motions to Steve's room and Steve nods.
. Tomorrow we're presumably getting married, and then Jarvis is leaving on the train, and then he's got me caught and I'm alone.
Jarvis tried to protect me all day. I've never seen him so upset. He thinks I can't tell, but I can. I'll let him believe, though; gods only know it's cold enough comfort. He and Ana kept me safe from everyone for so long, and now he's got to hand me over to someone else. A stranger neither of us has ever met. I heard him tell Ana before we came here that he feels like a failure for not being able to keep me safe without doing this, and at the time I was - it didn't feel right. I wanted to come out here, Steve. I wanted to come find you.
He is very, very conscious of his body as they walk. He knows he's not traditionally handsome himself, but based on what people have told him over the years a big strong alpha is almost always attractive, and if nothing else Steve
It's a piece of paper. Torn, just the corner, and in handwriting Steve knows better than his own and adores more than his own life all it says is "I'm afraid."
Silence for a moment. Steve still doesn't know what to say. Rather, doesn't know how to say what he wants to.
Jane smiles indulgently and lets Darcy rush past her to shake Tony's hand, before following more sedately herself. Tony smiles and shakes their hands and just laughs quietly when Darcy asks a hundred questions too quickly for him to answer any of them.
Steve laughs. "No, we had a bed. But Bucky and I used to do this all the time; him sleeping at my house or me at his. We'd sleep on the floor and whisper all night "
If you don't have someone you'd be comfortable writing to, please consider writing a letter or a holiday card for the Rainbow Cards Project. RCP sends letters and cards from queer people to our queer brothers, sisters, and siblings who are alone, to remind all of us that in our queer family we're here for each other.
Whoever You Are, just tell me when it's going to happen. I think I could bear all the rest if only I knew that.
"You thought alphas couldn't come?" But that's not right, because then why would Tony offer to help?
"It's fine," Tony says, apparently taking his silence as a negative answer. "It's not a big deal, I'll just -"
. Did Tony chose one of them and lose him somehow? But that can't be right, because if he'd chosen Ezekiel he wouldn't be afraid of one of Ezekiel's men finding him, so perhaps he chose Tiberius? Oh gods, is Tiberius even still alive? What happened?
So many things have suddenly clicked into place in his head he's having trouble sorting through all of them, because it's like his brain wants to think every single thought at once. 'Talk to him,' Natasha said, but these last few days have proven that talking to Tony is near impossible; since the moment he met Tony, all Steve's wanted to do is write Tony
Steve nudges forward and laps gently at his slick opening again and Tony flops back on the bed, panting like he's run a mile. His thighs flop off Steve's shoulders, baring his red, swollen cock and opening to Steve's mouth.
So he does what they used to make him and Bucky (and the rest of the troops, of course) do in the Army to keep fit: he puts on his boots and a light shirt, leaves the house and locks up behind himself, and takes off at a run. He doesn't do this nearly every morning but he's done it enough to know the way, and to know that by the time he gets far enough to not have the path memorized the sky will be light.
I know what's going to happen to me once we're wed. It's unavoidable. I thought that the fact he's so handsome might make it better, but sitting here on the bed I can't help but think that being stabbed with a knife doesn't hurt less if the knife is pretty. Even if he doesn't go out of his way to hurt me, it's not like he'll be able to help it. Maybe he'll be kind, though, and make it quick.
There's the creak of a foot on floorboard at the top of the stairs. Steve turns, and after a moment Tony hesitantly comes down the steps. He's wrapped in a blanket. His feet are bare.
expect, all right? I know you, Steven Rogers, so I'm well aware that you have absolutely not laid down any boundaries or expectations at
There are a lot of things Steve wants to say right now, most of them falling on a spectrum from 'I would
He also isn't sure if he's more giddy because he expects Steve to continue being kind and caring and gentle and Steve fulfills his expectations beautifully, or because the sex was actually really good. Both, probably. In any case, Tony's giddy and bouncy and Steve, in keeping with prior behavior, doesn't seem annoyed. Seems to enjoy Tony's energy, in fact, and Tony can be honest enough with himself to admit that this is still throwing him for a loop.
What's wrong with me? I shouldn't be upset in the first place, since I know it'll hurt, but to not even kiss me? Am I that repulsive? What is it about me that disgusts you so? I can't tell because you never act like you're repulsed by anything about me. Do you think I'm used goods? Is that it? Two other alphas wanted to marry me, Steve, but I swear neither of them ever had me. I have to tell you that. How can I tell you that? How can I make you believe me? Why do I
Instead Steve tries to dispel whatever worries Tony might still be harboring. "You don't ever have to cook if you don't want to," he says. "Nor clean nor work outside, neither. If there's anything you want to do but don't know how I can teach you, or someone else can teach us both."
All right. I'll do this first: I'll tell you what has to be done in order for you and I to eat and keep a roof over our heads. Every day of the year the stock has to be fed and watered in the morning and at night. When it's warm they need to be let out in the morning and rounded up in the evening. In addition to Star and the goat and chickens, I also have a hog that lives in the woods rather than the barn, and every now and again I put out some feed for him. Come autumn certain of the animals need to be slaughtered, and there's a lot of work goes into preserving the meat and using as much of them as we can.
It takes them a long time to say goodbye to everyone, and longer still to walk through the nighttime woods, Tony tucked under one of Steve's arms and lantern held aloft in the other.
She shakes her head. "You don't know where he's been, or what he's been through, or what his life has been like. And he has no idea what life out here is like. He doesn't know what his options are.
All at once a yawn nearly splits Steve's face in half, right in the middle of a word, and Tony laughs quietly. "Bedtime, I think," he says.
He smiles at Steve, though. He thanks Steve when Steve brings him a drink or a plate, he draws Steve into the conversation even when Steve would normally be content to stay silent and watchful on the outskirts, he catches Steve's eye through the crowd and grins at him like they're sharing a joke, he gets loudly offended at Darcy for impugning his honor and demands Steve protect him, and he laughs and leans back when Steve playfully wraps an arm around his waist and mock-glares at Darcy.
He finishes his sentence, abruptly, lets the words hang out there in the air, and pulls his lip in between his teeth.
“I won’t,” Steve says, gently, “as long as you promise that if you ever feel like you’re not something that I couldn’t want, you’ll tell me, so that I can explain to you exactly how much of a stupid genius you are.”
Steve drags his pale eyes down the length of Tony’s body, pausing on his dark nipples, the curve of his clavicle, the thatch of dark hair at the base of his groin, his half-hard cock, and his feet.
“Because I don’t like this guy, because I think you deserve better, because I have made it clear that I’m still in love with you, but I want you to be happy, Tony, and despite what you may think, I am aware that you love your husband. I don’t want you to be hurt, not for anything, and especially because of something that I did.”
Bhim climbs to his feet and doesn’t hesitate to embrace both of them. “My friends,” he says, his voice thick with emotion. “I am so pleased you are not dead.”
Tony has a few of those himself, which is also why he’s a little hesitant to tell Steve exactly what the extent of the conversation was between him and Loki.
“No,” Steve insists, clutching at his hand, his expression solemn and strained. “No, don’t go, Tony. Don’t go, please, stay with me.”
And then, he’s running, even before he knows it, knows what his legs are doing. He throws open the front door, barely hearing the heavy, rapid footfalls behind him, as he hurtles down the porch and towards the car.
It takes them a couple of months before they bring it up with the kids, after the kids turn five. James becomes a central part of their lives, all of their lives, and it was what Steve and Tony decided to wait for before telling them.
“She was screaming,” Tony whispers. “She was screaming; she said… she said that they were in the house, that they wanted the kids-”
It thoroughly soaks through his hair and over his body, and he scrubs with that lime body wash that he likes, the come and sweat, until his skin is flushed and almost dry with how clean it is. He shuts off the shower and steps over the boundaries to the shower, wrapping the towel around his waist. He pushes open the door to the steamy bathroom, and James is waiting for him, perched on the edge of the bed.
“No, yes,” Tony grinds his teeth, and finally, explodes, “I don’t fucking know!” He drags his hand through his hair. “I guess… I don’t know what the fuck’s wrong with me,” he grumbles.
Toni presses her lips to the corner of her his jaw, before she straddles him, her knees on either side of his hips. From this angle, he can see her whole body, and it still amazes him after all of these months that Antonia Stark,
“You had best return to your room,” he advises. “We don’t want the servants to start talking. After all, if my brother were to find out, you would be swiftly thrown out of this castle without a stitch of clothing, if not killed.”
“Tony, receive this ring as a sign of my love and fidelity,” Steve says, gravely, “in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.”
Tony bites back a curse. He plasters a false, thin-lipped smile on his face. “Must have gotten my wires crossed. Thought it was my day to pick them up.”
Actually, there’d been a bit of a fight between the two of them, over which backpack they wanted – they’d both wanted both of them and finally, Peter settled on the dinosaur one, and Maushmi took the unicorn one.
“That doesn’t mean that he’s cheating on you,” James offers, hesitating for an agonising moment, his face looking very much like it physically hurts him to take Steve’s side, even for a moment.
“And Natasha? What is she? I’m thinking that she’s not just a fucking receptionist, right? And James told me, he told me that a redhead was following him. That was her, wasn’t it?”
“No, I understand plenty. I understand what kind of man you are, the kind of man that you’ve always been,” Tony replies, without missing a beat. “You killed him, because you wanted everything to kept on the downlow, right? There’s no way you could go through the system, no way that you could report him to the police, have him arrested and sent to jail. No, you all took matters into your own hands because you didn’t want to admit that you’d failed, failed to protect your children from a monster, and you hid it, you hid it all, including his name, everything about him, because you didn’t want to acknowledge what you did, because us remembering, us reliving it would have been an
Steve leans down and licks up the warm crease between thigh and pelvic bone, making Tony squirm. He sucks in a deep breath, when Steve presses the blunt end of the vibrator up against his swollen rim.
“But why? I still don’t understand,” Tony says, running his hand through his hair. “You… you say that you and Steve are friends, good friends, that you love him, and you were hurt that he was keeping his family separate from whatever the fuck he was doing with SHIELD, but
“I made a new setting to the camera,” he says, matter of fact, accessing one of the views on the camera. “It’s called a monster setting.”
In her mind, though, she’s imagining all of the things that she can buy Sam for having the gift of foresight where they are all concerned.
Finally, he makes a fast break from the shadows of the tunnel to the protection of a high stack of supplies. He climbs the back of the stack, peeks over, and surveys the area.
“She’s got a rap sheet. I’ve had a look at it,” Howard says, casually. “Shoplifting, theft, vandalism, underage drinking, assault, possession of marijuana, a few traffic violations, truancy, criminal trespass, criminal nuisance, possession of a weapon, resisting an officer, reckless endangerment. She should be in juvie. I’d bet a pretty penny on the fact that the reason why she’s
That’s a blow that Tony feels right down to his fingers and toes. He thinks of the universe where that happened, where James never showed up at his door that day, where he’d come so close and done everything that he needed to and walked away, without Tony even knowing, and it
“Why do you think people rush back into work after they have kids?” Sam asks, gently. “Because kids are hard. It doesn’t mean that you love them less, but childrearing is
“Yeah, that’s what I thought,” James says, satisfied. “Bit strange from someone with my backstory and rap sheet, wouldn’t you think? I’m sure you people were expecting bodies to pile up all over the place. After all,” his mouth twists, unpleasantly, “I’m just a fucking wind-up monkey for HYDRA. No thoughts in my brain, and I just do whatever the fuck they want me to do. They point, and I shoot, right?”
Her feet slip from their thighs, and they lift her into their arms, and she dips down just quick enough to catch Peter who finally escapes Pepper’s hold in her arms, pulling him up so that she can press a swift kiss to his apple-round kiss.
“This isn’t the best time or place for this,” Howard says, his voice sharp around the edges, “but I would sure like to know what the hell you were doing shacked up with three other teenagers in the middle of the night, especially a delinquent like Natasha Romanoff.”
“I mean, he was your brother,” Tony says, hesitantly, “and he did awful things, and now, people are talking about them.”
“A few nights ago, Hodge and his friends attempted to force himself on Mr. Stark over here. It is only with Agent Carter’s timely intervention that it did not happen the way that Hodge had envisaged. With the serum in his veins, who knows what kind of harm may fall omegas in the future?” Abraham points out, gravely. “We have a duty to keep the serum away from that man at all costs.”
Luckily, Steve has connections within SHIELD that point to a therapist who knows her shit and knows about the things that SHIELD does behind the scenes.
“Yeah, well, you’re going to kill me or maim me anyway, and besides, you and I both know that you were never going to be reasonable or in any way civilized with the likes of me, you racist fucking bastard.”
Tony nods, fervently, and slips off Steve’s lap onto the floor, ignoring how the carpet rubs against his slowly aging knees.
“Still, when we started dating, we set ground rules. If I asked you out on a date, I got to pay, but if you asked me out, you got to pay. Considering that I asked you to dinner today, I’m pretty sure the obligation where payment is concerned falls onto me.”
Tony thrusts his hips up, and James rolls down against the man below him, unable to help himself, and Steve follows the exact same rhythm, as he brushes James’ hair away from his face, whispering filth in a dark, Brooklyn accent that Tony doesn’t seem to catch as the sweat pools on his breastbone, stretched full and taut around James’ dick.
Tony takes a deep, steadying breath, fixing his expression into some semblance of clean austerity. “Okay, consider me sufficiently warned. If the HYDRA agent comes near me-”
“You know, that blonde lady, with the little boy, the only who always wears six-inch heels and a bodycon dress to drop her kid off at school?”
. She links her fingers with Steve in front of her and Bucky behind her, and they start doing the seven rounds, and on the seventh round, everyone rises to their feet and start clapping, cheering, shouting, rising in a clamour, and Toni is laughing with her arms around Steve and Bucky.
Steve sighs and puts a hand on his shoulder. “You’ll be safe here, I promise,” he says, earnestly. “I know, this isn’t what I wanted at all. We’ve… we’ve only just recently been bonded, and I confess, I’m not good at this courting business, but we should be able to spend more time together. This isn’t how I wanted it to go, but if it’s your safety that you’re worried about, you needn’t be worried. Bucky will have to come with me, of course, as the captain of my guards, and he’s my best soldier, but Grant will remain here. He’s a competent fighter, of course, so you’ll be safe with him, but he’s not suited for war. Natasha will also remain, so you will not be bereft without company either. I know that you and Grant get along quite well, so I hope that will make your days a little brighter.”
“I love you, and I… believe you. I just… I think too much has happened for us to move on like none of this happened.”
Sam considers him for a moment, a strange, soulful look in his eyes. “Like it belongs to someone else.”
, Steve,” Tony says, digging his nails into his palms, leaving half-moon marks in his skin. “You lied about your job, where you were going, what you were doing, the people that you worked with. It’s like… it’s like you had this whole other life, and we were… we were just a tiny, insignificant part of it. It’s like we were unimportant, and you had no problem with that. It was like it was so easy for you.”
Tony reaches for Steve’s hand, tangling it with his own, and then, they hightail it out of the office before Fury decides to have them arrested.
Tony sits up, and there’s a knot in his throat. “Yeah, it was just–” He blows out a breath between his teeth. “Just a dream,” he murmurs. He drags his hand over his face. “Nothing else. Just a dream,” he says more to himself, like a reassurance he needs.
Rumlow and his Nazi friend are about to climb into the front staff car when they pause to check out the final component of the convoy. Rolling into place behind the truck is another open staff car. But this one makes Tony’s gut churn because mounted in the back is a big, black machine gun, manned by a gunner.
me, that he wasn’t my punching bag. It’s the advice he would have given to anyone in his group at the VA.”
God, he hadn’t even done anything to make that better, had he? He’d just let things remain stagnant; he hadn’t changed anything, made it better. In fact, everything had just continued to crumble and crumble around him, and he’d gotten lost with the tide flow.
“I’m not the kind of guy that Tony Stark fucks,” Steve snarls and then, coughs again. “I’m short, I’m thin, you can see my fucking ribs, I couldn’t even have sex with you without having an asthma attack or getting palpitations, and
“Have you ever thought about the fact that clearly it’s not enough, whatever it is you’re doing to him over there?” Tony asks, casually.
He walks out of the school building, shaken, and then, he pauses at one of the big pine trees at the front, on the lawn, stopping and resting his head against the heavy bark, his jaw aching with how hard he’d clenched his teeth. Tony looks around – the area is empty; he ends up sliding to his knees, wrapping his arms around himself, and letting out a low, animal sound which then, devolves into a sob.
Steve licks his lip, his eyes dragging hot over the length of Tony’s body, splayed out all over the sheets. He withdraws his hand, pulling his fingers out of Tony’s hole, and then, he slicks up his own cock with the oil, fisting it purposefully just to watch as Tony’s mouth goes dry, his tongue sticking to the roof.
Steve kisses him again, hard and fierce, and then, when they break apart, the settlement is burning away so fast that the two of them will be completely exposed. Steve rushes forward and grabs the submachine gun and a Luger from the dead Nazi, while Tony retrieves his own rifle.
“I don’t know; I’ve had a pretty shit day, and you’re sitting here, giving me more shit over something that’s in your fucking job description,” Tony hisses.
When he brings it down on him again, Obadiah’s face is a mess, broken and bloody and leaking flesh and bone and sinew everywhere.
tell me that I’ve got it all wrong because I’m driving myself fucking crazy thinking what I’m thinking.”
“Yeah, I can reverse the feed. Besides, the bugs are all connected to what I presume is SHIELD’s network, unless they’re monitoring you from a separate network, which I would assume is highly unlikely, because it would require a lot of extra infrastructure. I’m going to rely on an 87% chance that they’re using their own network.”
“But you have to know that Steve would never do anything like cheat on you,” Natasha insists. “He loves you. He talks about you all the time. He’d never hurt you like that, Tony.”
“I mean, I’ve read a lot of parenting books and I joined all of the parenting forums, and everyone keeps telling me that in twins, one of them does assume that louder role. I just… I guess I want to make sure that everything’s okay? Or whether, I mean, you have more experience in this stuff than I do, you’re more of an expert, and honestly, that can be a hard thing for me to admit to people because, you know, certified, international, one of the smartest people in the world geniuses.” He shakes his head, the colour high in his cheeks. “Sorry, I’m rambling.”
Steve’s eyes darken, and the way that his cock jumps between Tony’s long fingers tells him that Steve definitely likes that thought. Tony plants his feet on the mattress and opens his knees wide. His free hand pats for the table beside him, and inside one of the drawers, he finds a vial of oil that he pulls out with a shout of triumph, dragging it back and forth between Steve’s eyes. He shoves it into Steve’s hand.
"Did you actually want something?" Steve crosses his arms, though he knows his face is still flaming red.
"All right, first of all," Steve says, and he knows he sounds on the verge of terse but he's so determined to keep Tony safe he's falling into military habits, "if it
"Mister Rogers," Mr Jarvis says, setting his cup down and fixing Steve with a hard look. Steve is definitely not imagining the glare. "Anthony is an unusual young man. He's not like most other young men, or most other omegas. He's not like most other
"But that's – Steve!" Tony cries, gripping the edge of the table to keep it in place when Steve begins to move it. "I
Tony yells, back arching, and Steve is torn between fingering him and leaving his hands right where they are, squeezing rhythmically at Tony's chest and rubbing his nipples when he thinks of it.
"I will, I will," Steve promises absently. The postmark is Canadian and he doesn't recognize the handwriting. He and Sam say their goodbyes and as soon as Sam turns away Steve closes the door hurries towards the stairs, hollering, "Tony! Tony, letter!"
He gives one of the hot towels to Steve and takes the other one himself, drying Steve's back and crouching down to dry his calves. Steve has the towel over his face when Tony does that, which is probably for the best.
Clint raises his eyebrows and spreads his hands, motioning to the whole building, since Bruce is clearly outside his home.
Trying not to stomp he marches upstairs and slides the note under Tony's door. Halfway back down the stairs he realizes that makes it sound like he'll only protect Tony if Tony confides in him, so he gets another piece of paper and writes, "I'll protect you from anything no matter what." That one goes under Tony's door too.
I hope now you truly understand: you don't have to do anything. You don't ever have to come out of your room again, you never have to speak to me for the rest of your life if you don't want to. The fact of your existence is all it takes to make me care about you. So long as you're here I get to work for you and take care of you, and that makes my life more full and rich than I ever could have dreamed.
"An alpha named Ty, too. Tiberius Stone. I'd known Zeke my whole life – our fathers were business partners, so we were practically raised together. And Ty was new in town, swept in from the Continent and decided to marry me."
It's thick, much thicker than any letter Steve's ever received, and the only word on the envelope is his name. It's in Tony's handwriting. His heartbeat kicks up the way it always did - always does - whenever he receives a letter from Tony.
"All right, shoulder, come on," Tony says when he kneels to pull the pants past Steve's knees, and Steve puts his hands on Tony's shoulders while they somehow manage to get the soaking wet pants over Steve's feet without him toppling over.
Steve stumbles to a halt and stands gaping like a fish. Tony rushes over to him and he automatically closes the door behind himself to keep Tony warm and dry.
"Ezekiel?" Steve repeats automatically, then shakes his head. "Doesn't matter. You saw someone in town who might – who might want to hurt you?"
Steve, I read your letter. It was ridiculous. Why would you write something like that, Steve? What are you trying to do to me?
So Steve moves about the first floor making sure everything's locked up tight, and banking the fire, and doing all the other little things that need to be done before he can go up to bed, and Tony just stands there in front of the armchair. Steve passes him and thinks Tony's trembling but he isn't sure, and he wants to touch him, somehow, help him if it's because he's tired or comfort him if it's not, but Steve's already given so much of himself away and is realizing he doesn't know where anything he gave away went, so he clenches his fists and can't bring himself to let their fingers brush when he hands Tony one of the two lit lamps.
Tony, the one I'd been talking to for so long, who made me feel – Not quite so alone, and more alone than ever. My heart's beating like a stampede and I can't see anything in the shadows and then there he was. There you were. The beautiful man from before."
It takes a moment for the words to register, but when they do Steve starts towards the tub and then stops when he remembers he's still holding his hats and boots. How is he going to get undressed if he's still holding them.
Steve's already in motion, moving the chairs away from the table so he can move it out of the way against the wall. "Give me a hand with this, will you?"
The silverware. The smell of the air. The noises of the house settling at night. The animals. The temperature. The trees. The wind. The people who were here and the people who - weren't.
The closer they get to the house the more Steve wishes he could just skip the next hour or two of his life. If wishes were horses, though.
"I feel greedy even asking, but there's just one more thing that could make this any better," Steve says. Tony whips around towards him, apprehensive again.
Steve knew that Tony had been mistreated. He knew that if Tony had any living family, they weren't close. He knew that Tony was in a tenuous situation. Even if he's avoided putting words around his suspicions, things Tony said in his letters and the way he's acted since he got here have shown Steve the truth whether he wants to think about it or no.
The vegetables out back and in the further field need to be tended though not often; the bigger weeds need pulling and I need to make sure the plants get enough water. I eat from both vegetable patches all summer, and in autumn these too need to be harvested and preserved.
He said Jarvis could stay for as long as we like. He said we don't have to get married right away. He said no one in town will talk. He said the house is mine, too.
Literally bolts. Steve's not sure he's ever seen someone run that fast who wasn't actively being shot at. It's another thing that would be funny if it weren't so sad. Steve reflects that one of the most important things to do to get close to someone is to make sure they know they can always leave if they want to.
And here I go, making this entire letter about me. I'm trying to stop being so selfish, I really am.
here. Steve must have missed him somehow. Perhaps Tony disembarked further down the train? Except the only other place to exit the train is straight out the back of the caboose, and why would Tony have done that? Unless – oh
So one more time Steve makes his body language calm and open and non-threatening. "Tony? We - we have time for this, don't we? We don't have to build the perfect marriage and the perfect home all in one afternoon, right?"
"Jarvis's wife. They basically raised me," Tony says, and Steve breathes a sigh of relief. "Like I said, Jarvis is brilliant, but he was too – upright. Ana was the one who told me to make like an omega and lie."
sweet, and then he pulls back without seeming to think of it and looks down. So Steve pushes himself up on his arms and holds himself there. Tony hesitates, catching his eye, and Steve nods.
He pulls his pillow over to his side and lies down. Before he stops moving Tony raises the covers and climbs in beside him, putting down his pillow and lying down.
Tony's moving against him, hands sliding and clutching, hips pulling back and arms pulling their chests together, like he's trying to get closer and doesn't know how to do anything but try to get away instead.
"If you'll just follow me," Steve says, gesturing to the house as Mr Jarvis climbs down from the buggy as well. Steve tears his eyes away from confounding Tony long enough to see Mr Jarvis smoothing down his vest and looking intently at the house, but he's not sneering or looking down his nose. Steve doesn't understand him, either.
They look at each other wide-eyed. Steve hadn't meant to say that last part, and by the look on Tony's face he hadn't meant to ask that, either.
Clint shrugs. "Who do you think's gonna do something? You planning on knocking over the store, Sif?"
He looks around for Tony one last time, but there's neither sight nor sound of him. So he picks up the envelope and opens it. There are pages and pages, and even before he starts reading he can see that some of the pages are Tony's fine stationary and some are the cheap stationary Steve gets, and some of the pages are wrinkled and torn, and the first page looks like Tony's hand was shaking.
Steve's hope that the next day would be easier is quickly dashed. If anything, over the next few days things carry on and just keep getting worse. Tony doesn't talk much. Tony doesn't do much of anything, really. Which would be fine, Steve wants Tony to not do anything if he doesn't want to, but this isn't the same. This isn't Tony doing what he wants to do, this is Tony... unsure of what to do. There are things he wants to do, Steve can tell, but damned if he can tell what they are. Or figure why Tony doesn't just
No one moves till Clint strides through the doors and says, "He got on the train. Watched till I couldn't see it no more. He's gone."
"Have either of you seen anyone new in town in the last few days? Any strangers?" Steve's enjoying watching his friends enjoy themselves, but there's still the possibility that Tony's in danger.
"No," says Tony quietly, "no, you're right. Thinking about it all the time feels like nostalgia, but it probably isn't."
Steve keeps a stub of candle by his bed, the end of any candle too short for a holder but too long to justify throwing away, which is what he likes when he wakes from nightmares and literally cannot stand the dark. Once or twice he's written Tony by its light, but more often than not his habit over the last year has become to light it, tumble out of bed, and read sheaves of Tony's letters over again. And now he's acting like he just woke from a nightmare even though he
Before Natasha can say anything Steve turns on her. "You've got to help me, Tasha. You know what he's thinking, I know you do. Please help me."
"Oh!" Steve says, snatching it as soon as Sam holds it out. It's addressed to Tony Rogers. "Oh, gods, thank you!"
"We're building a forge," Tony tells him. "Won't be able to handle a full-sized train, of course, but it'll have to be big enough to build a train that could carry at least one person. And then we will fly it down to town and laugh in their silly, disbelieving faces."
I never want to see you like that again, Steve. Not that I'm asking you to hide it from me! I don't think I could bear it if I knew you had another nightmare and I slept through it. Please wake me up. I just don't want you to have to go through that again, whether I'm there or not. You were so lost, and in so much pain, and you were right there and yet you broke my heart.
It takes a moment for his brain to start working again, but as soon as it does Steve is flooded with guilt and furious anger at himself, because
"Are you sure?" Tony asks, actually wringing his hands. What's gotten into him? He was so sure of himself a moment ago. It's like now that he's not actively doing something he's remembered he's supposed to be nervous. "I can – I mean there's stew, like I said, or – Should I have got more blankets? I can still –"
"No," Steve says, "even before that. In your letters you told me that you had no money at all, and you didn't say outright but you tried so hard to let me know that you weren't handsome, and you were so clever and so clearly well-educated... I thought you were a schoolteacher."
"It's not him," Tony breathes, and Steve looks at him sharply. He's trembling, barely, so slightly that Steve wouldn't be able to see it if he weren't sitting next to him. "I've never seen him before."
On and on and on like this for the rest of the page, and then down to the very edge of the other side of the page, too.
One good morning was more than he ever thought he'd get. One time being as close to Steve as physically possible and both of them overwhelmed with pleasure was beyond his wildest dreams. Things like that don't happen in Tony Stark's life, and they sure as hell don't happen twice. So if this morning was the only time sex is ever going to be like that -
as he said they were. Rhodey kept reminding me that we'd sworn to be brothers and brothers stick together, and Nebula's father was even worse than Howard (if you can believe it) so she didn't fall for any of it. I wonder what became of her.
Sending and receiving physical letters in the actual mail is, no lie or exaggeration, one of the best feelings in all the world. It may seem silly and pointless, but it won't once you try it. Do you have a friend who doesn't live with you? What about a relative? Seriously. Write someone a letter.
Steve doesn't know how to ask what he really wants to know, so he settles for prompting, "And they both wanted to marry you?"
Tony's staring at Steve perfectly blank-faced. Steve's seen blocks of wood with more expression. Mr Jarvis, however, is glaring, and Steve thinks he understands why when he sees Mr Jarvis's gaze sweep behind them, down the main street of the town.
There are no letters or telegrams for either of them, and Tony doesn't hide his disappointment so well as he thinks he does. For his part, Steve is happy that he's
"I still don't see how I can just walk up to him and say 'what are you thinking? Why aren't you happy?'"
All Tony does is wrap himself in the blankets, throw his pillow down, and flop down on the floor. He sets up so he's also lying with his back to the fire and his face towards the door, but he's turned so he and Steve are upside-down to each other, the tops of their heads half a foot apart and their feet towards opposite walls.
A few minutes later Steve – in his under-drawers and shirt, now – carries some bedding down the stairs and settles on the floor with his back to the fire and face towards the door. The floor isn't as comfortable as his own bed, but it's a sight more comfortable than a lot of places Steve's bunked down for the night. He's got two blankets and a pillow; he'll be fine.
"Yeah," Sam says, still snickering. "That party Clint's planning and pretending is not for your and Tony's wedding? I am here to warn you it is definitely for your and Tony's wedding, so the both of you had better be prepared to be the center of attention."
"Hi, Tony," Steve says, smiling. He holds out the tray and Tony eyes it warily for a minute before snatching it out of Steve's hands. Some of the water sloshes over the edge of the cup but Tony ignores it.
Tony flees into his room and closes the door, and Steve just stands there grinning like a dope with his fingers pressed against his warm, warm lips.
I wanted to end this letter here. I've nearly signed my name half a dozen times. But Natasha, who as you know is far more wise than I, went to great lengths to impress upon me the fact that there is one more thing I must absolutely tell you, no matter how uncomfortable it makes either of us.
That brings Steve up short. His immediate thought - of course Tony should write her, she's his mother - is quickly overtaken by the cold terror of what could happen. If anyone finds out where Tony is -
"Yeah," Steve says, not able to take his eyes off Tony on the other side of the yard and sure he's grinning like a loon.
The closer they get to the house, the more Steve realizes it's not going to go the way he thought. He's daydreamed, so many times, of bringing Tony
Once again, Steve is nearly overwhelmed by the urge to offer Tony his hand to help him, and one again Steve resists because Tony doesn't actually
"Good morning sleepyhead," Tony says, tugging his hair gently. He's got a pillow on his lap and a book on the pillow. Smiling like he's teasing he says, "You slept half the morning away."
"Makes me feel like a kid again," Steve says, needing some kind of distraction from how empty his arms feel. "Sleeping in front of the fire like this."
I could not care less that some of the lyrics are achronological: in keeping with Big Eden, the song Tony and Steve dance to is Wishes by Lari White.
Neither of them say anything when they pull up in front of the post office first. By the time Steve has Star tied to the hitching-post Tony's already gone inside and is coming back out, and when he catches Steve's look he shakes his head. Steve wants to put a hand to Tony's shoulder, but he won't touch Tony without explicit permission. Tony sees his hands flexing and smiles up at him, touching Steve's arm just barely with his fingertips, and Steve reflexively smiles back. Feeling lighter despite how worried he still is about Mr Jarvis and Mrs Ana Steve says, "We should start at the sheriff’s."
Tony is his own person. Steve wants to protect him and make him happy, but it's not up to him. If Tony decides to do something that Steve thinks will make him unsafe or unhappy it doesn't matter, because it's still Tony's decision. Tony may have been hurt before and may be scared now, but that is no reason for Steve to
"Bruce!" Tony says, rushing over. Yesterday Bruce had joined them just a little while before Steve and Tony ended up leaving, but even in just those few minutes Tony found a way to become fast friends with the most reclusive person in town.
you to marry one of them?" Steve splutters. He thought Jarvis really cared about Tony. Although, now that Steve thinks about it, that would explain the way Mr Jarvis treated Steve while he was here.
But as with all things Steve can't change, he puts his head down, grits his teeth, plants his feet and soldiers on.
In the grey dawn Tony manages to coax Steve back into bed, wrapping him up tight. Steve lets Tony move them where he wants, and they end up on their sides, facing one another, Tony's shins pressed to the top of Steve's thighs and Steve's face tucked into the hollow of Tony's throat, his hands holding onto Tony's waist and Tony's hands in his hair.
"Thank you, Clint," Steve says sincerely, trying not to slump over in relief so far he falls out of his chair.
Steve, I don't know what to say in response to your letter. In lieu of that I think I'll tell you what I haven't told you at all yet, which is that you are very handsome and you seem so kind and
"I don't – Tasha!" he says, turning away in annoyance and disappointment. "I was being serious! This is –"
would feel if you were in Tony's place, but Steve, you're not Tony. How Tony's feeling is clearly very different from how you feel."
He opens the front door and gestures Tony and Mr Jarvis to enter before him. He loses sight of Tony's face for a moment, of course, but he immediately spins around a few times, eyes darting fast as birds, looking at every single thing. He still isn't smiling; instead looks very intent.
After he knows not how long Steve's shaking, and not from holding himself up on his arms. "You too?" Steve says, breathless. "Please?"
ass - follows the gush of salty slick deeper and tries to get as much of it as he can, licking and sucking at Tony's opening.
Steve's got the proof of it right in his hands, and tries not to cry too loudly though he can't remember why he needs to be quiet.
The obvious solution to this - if Tony's going to continue not having sex, which considering the fact that he doesn't want anything to ever taint the memory of this morning means he's likely to continue abstaining (or trying to) for the rest of his life - is to keep Steve beside him and let him jerk off anyway.
"Well that was harrowing," Clint says, and Steve readies to cut him off from asking what's going on. But all Clint says is, "I feel that warrants a drink. M'lady?"
A few more minutes of this and Steve decides that pleasant as everyone is being, and as good a time as Tony was having before, they've probably reached the point of having enough of crowds. Steve gently but firmly extracts them from everyone else, and to his relief no one raises a fuss. They all say goodbye warmly, though, and make Steve and Tony promise to come into town more often.
"Steve!" Tony shouts on the top of his lungs. His fingers twist in Steve's hair, but he doesn't pull Steve off - he pulls Steve forward and bucks his hips, pushing his delicious cock further into Steve's fervent mouth, and Steve holds his breath and does his best to cover his teeth and sucks Tony as hard as he can.
This information is met with deep deliberation from both Mr Jarvis and Tony. Steve realizes they're probably trying to decide what train Mr Jarvis will return on; whether they'll be able to hold the wedding tomorrow before the train comes, or if Mr Jarvis would have to wait till the next day to go back.
Of course that doesn't work out quite the way Steve intended - because Clint marches right up to Tony and tells him they're in a hosting competition, which rapidly devolves into them competing over
"Tony," Steve says. Kisses his lips, just the once, because he cannot bear seeing them look like Tony's about to cry. "There is
Passengers start disembarking – not many; despite its name Big Eden is a small little town – and Steve looks quick as he can from one face to another, desperately searching for the one face he's never seen but knows he'll recognize anyway.
Steve shoots to his feet, part of him wanting grab Tony and shield him, part of him wanting to go fight whoever's at the door. He looks at Tony and Tony's eyes are wide, his feet planted like he's bracing for something. Steve catches his eye and motions to the stairs. Tony gives him a grateful look and bolts.
words. So why? Is it because now you know how weak and pathetic I am? Is it because I'm not what you were expecting? Am I that ugly? Is that what it is? I'm your FUCKING HUSBAND, STEVE, FUCKING FUCK ME ALREADY.
"I didn't ask for any of this," Tony says quickly, and Steve turns towards him. He's still not looking at Steve, bouncing on his feet and waving his hands, nervous about something, "and you've already given me so much, Steve,
fool," Tony whispers. Pulls Steve down and kisses him, ever so gentle and ever so sweet, and between kisses whispers against his lips: "My fool. My alpha. My husband. My -  my love."
After a moment Natasha says, "You and Tony need to learn from each other. I can't just explain everything to you. But I will tell you this, because it's very important and I think neither of you will bring it up on your own. You
He'd rather cut off his own hand than betray that trust. After reading the letters Steve may need Tony in his arms desperately, but
"Oh," Tony says suddenly, pulling back to look up at Steve, "you were never going to kiss me. You were waiting for
"There's no need," Steve says, pulling back so he can see Tony's gorgeous smile and sparkling eyes, cupping his precious face in a gentle hand.
but instead of going to bed he lights the candle stub and douses the lamp and curls up on the floor with his back to the foot of his bed and the small chest he keeps Tony's precious letters in open in front of his knees.
Tony got up just after dawn and did Steve's chores. He's been reading in bed so he could stay with Steve and Steve could sleep.
it can be very difficult to get to know him, but doing so will allow you to get to know one of the most amazing people to ever live.
Tony's not there. The fire is still banked, the windows still shuttered, the table and chairs still exactly how Steve left them last night. He's disappointed until he opens the shutters on the window over the writing desk and then closes them right back up again. Of course Tony isn't out of his room; the sun's not even started rising yet. It's still full night. He's definitely still upstairs sleeping. The sky is dark, the stars still out, the dew falling invisible and cold, and Tony's upstairs beneath this roof, safe and warm in his bed, sleeping peaceful, and maybe he sleeps sprawled out and graceful or maybe he sleeps curled up with only his hair poking out from a mound of blankets and maybe his cheeks flush pink and warm and -
Flooded with shame, Steve turns away and searches through everyone else disembarking. Most of the passengers are, if not local, then at least obviously from this part of the country. There is someone else nearly as well-dressed as the beautiful omega, but he's a middle-aged gentleman and looks to be a beta. So far as he can see there's only one other young man from out east, and Steve straightens up and prepares to make his way over – but the young man walks right past him and into the arms of a woman who's clearly a relative, and Steve sags back against the side of the building in disappointment.
This one time, gods, this one time Rhodey came over. We were, what, maybe nine? Ten? Howard spent the whole time embarrassing me. Telling Rhodey all these terrible things about me - all things that were true but secret, you know? I still wet the bed. I'd cry if someone even looked at me funny. I couldn't go to school with the other kids because I was too stupid. Why would anyone want to be friends with someone as pathetic as me? And I couldn't even say anything, because I'd
Feeling foolish, five minutes later and fully dry and combed and dressed, he cautiously pokes his head out of his room again. Tony's door is closed, and Steve can't hear him moving anywhere in the house.
Clint's party isn't nearly so bad as Steve thinks it's going to be. He didn't invite the whole town like Steve assumed he would, only their good friends, and most of them are people Tony's met already.
They walk upstairs, Steve in front of Tony (he doesn't want Tony to think he's staring at his ass and honestly isn't sure he'd be able to help it if Tony were on the stairs in front of him, so best to just go up first himself). When the reach the top they go their separate ways, and it has
No. Steve doesn't want to wait. Steve wants to pick Tony up and march into town and roust Thor from his bed and get married right this very second.
. Tony sounds relaxed, happy even, and over the last few weeks Steve's been getting the feeling that Tony's beginning to trust him more, and Steve is going to pay attention to what Tony's saying and not interrupt what sounds like catharsis.
There isn't enough flat land hereabouts to grow wheat or a great deal of corn, so these I buy or trade for in town. The same goes for sugar, coffee, and salt, and obviously anything that can't be made here, like cloth and paper and anything metal.
"What did you want?" It's the obvious thing to ask. Nevertheless, he thinks he hears Tony let out a sigh that might be relief.
brings to mind, especially with the memory of Steve's adorable blush just from hearing Tony say the word 'sex,' is enough to keep Tony awake for a long, long time.
Tony and Mr Jarvis are staring at him now even more intently than before, and after a minute more of silence Steve's fighting the urge to shuffle his feet. He's sure he's just mortally offended them, and tries not to imagine Tony turning up his nose and getting right back on the train again.
"No," Tony interrupts him, which might be a first. "No, we're here now, people have already seen us, and we're nearly out of flour. There's no point going all the way home empty-handed and coming all the way back another day. We'll go everywhere you said."
It's really not a terribly interesting tree, but it is funny how some of the knots and broken branches on the trunk look like a smirking old man with bushy eyebrows and but one eye. From there Steve takes him down to the river, and then through the trees to the bigger field where most of their crops are grown (like Steve told Tony in his letter, there isn't much flat land hereabouts, and there wasn't room near the house to grow enough crops, and this is the next flat place), and to the bramble patch. They eat blackberries and raspberries and the color stains Tony's fingers and lips and Steve does his best not to stare. They didn't bring anything they could carry any berries back in, and before Steve can do something foolish Tony says he'll come back tomorrow with a basket. Then he snaps his mouth shut and he and Steve both look away, like neither of them was sure before that Tony'd be here come morning.
you understand. It's better to ask questions for clarification so he knows you're really trying to understand, rather than him thinking you do understand are simply ignoring him when you don't do as he asks."
; how excited Steve was when he saw a letter from Tony this morning; the point of letters is to communicate with people who are far away, and Tony feels so far beyond his reach Steve's sick with longing.
Steve slams down on that thought before it can go any further, but now he's jittery and aching and feeling guilty, so he needs something to do. It's too early yet to wake the stock, and though he could light a lamp and sketch for a while he knows that'll give him too much time to think and not enough physical activity to burn off the energy zinging beneath his skin.
Mr Rogers, what do you want? Just tell me what you want. You don't have to try to convince me or manipulate me or trick me any more, all right? I'm spun about enough. You've won. Congratulations. Just tell me what you want and leave me the hell alone.
There's food and drink and good conversation, and the bonfire is huge and wonderful in the fading autumn evening. Someone said something about dancing later, but Steve doesn't really dance so he doesn't really care.
He nearly gallops home – would gallop, except that'd be unfair to Star, and Steve can use all the time he can get to better plan this out – so he contents himself with a slow trot.
what we just did, Tony, and I'll happily do that with you every moment of every day, but I'm glad you don't have to be dependent on
He'd rather thought the invitation might be a welcome one, but judging by the looks they both level him with he was mistaken. Tony's not smiling, instead frowning slightly with his brows drawn together like he's trying to figure something out. Mr Jarvis is glaring more outright than before. Steve has not the faintest notion how inviting Tony's chaperone to stay with them is so insulting. If only one or the other of them were upset he could understand, but
