His soft words echoed in the emptiness of the flat, and strangely enough he wasn't sure if he was saying them for the benefit of Sherlock or himself.
She was completely and utterly deadly when dealing with a body. That was the first thing John noticed, the irony of it not escaping him. Iolite took one look at the victim sitting on the cold metal table, and a scoff slipped from her parted lips, anger seizing across her features.
How many other Dragons lived day-to-day, never having enough to eat? He had been one of them until only a few nights ago, and he knew. Knew what starvation felt like, the sensation of your own stomach trying to eat away at your organs, desperate for satiation. How it could wake you from even the deepest slumber, make you cry out and squirm as you tried to find something to alleviate the pain of your gut twisting itself into knots. Yet here this Human was, feeding him deliciously extravagant things like sweets and bacon, and he wasn't even thinking slightly about anyone else. Sherlock's eyes closed. He wasn't used to guilt, shame and humiliation yes, but guilt caught him off guard and made him want to sway where he stood.
But everything thing was hazy and ghost-like, indistinct like the blurred lens of a magnifying glass brought too close to one's face.
red, couldn't feel it drying and turning tacky on their skin. Hiding from brother, as so many of the personalities did. The only ones who ever stayed were her and Daniel. No one else liked brother.
“How long do you serve until you get one? I hear they're right expensive.” Mike said plaintively, clearly just as curious about it as John was. Briggs stretched a little lazily, tilting his head to the side so he could work out a crick in his neck. He scratched one side of his head as if thinking on the answer.
dream, because such a feeling he had never felt before. Something so fragile, desperate and willing to please. In the shadows of the water, John found himself swimming around individual patches of sunlight where the sun's rays permeated the water, hiding but wishing against all hope to join the sinuous grace of the young pod coasting only a few feet away. It was something deep and visceral, nearly as pulling as the song that spilled from their lips as Sherlock in his dream sang out his desire to belong.
in my skull. Needless to say, I swiftly earned the hatred of many of the nannies, not to mention my father himself.” Sherlock paused then, and in the silence John felt it. The quiet sort of vulnerability that the detective so rarely displayed. It was then Sherlock took a deep, unnecessary breath as if steadying himself, and took the plunge.
As if picking up on his thoughts a warm hand clapped John suddenly on the shoulder, a familiar voice rousing him from his chilled meditation. Greg’s hair glinted silver in the fading sunlight, and his dark eyes were amicable as he cheerfully grinned. For a second in command, Lestrade had a warm personality under his world-weary exterior. It meshed well with John’s, and as such was what made them such a fierce duo. Captain and co, they had together managed to bring Baker up from a struggling shell of collected huts to a place with budding life and commerce. All by proposing the building of a single wall. That had been a few years ago and both men, though older, were still seriously prepared to protect their town.
They danced around each other in the air, chasing and playing games of tag that only small Hatchlings bothered to indulge in. Each touch for Mycroft was a lick of fire, each nudge for Greg a shock of ice. Neither seemed to care too much, settling for fleeting brushes against one another amidst the snow and ice. Somewhere along the way, Mycroft felt a lilting hum in his bones. He knew the sound well. He fell into the sound, letting himself be carried by the sound of the Heartsong tuning the mountain and all that lived around it together.
John wouldn't admit to how much he liked having those kohl-lined eyes follow him about the flat at times, or how sometimes, the sheer depth of Sherlock's voice made his toes want to curl and his spine shiver.
“Sherlock came to me, tried to take me to… wherever it is your kind goes. The ocean. When he is better, he will be free to leave whenever he wants. All he has to do is ask me for his cloak.”
“Beethoven. Moonlight Sonata. Only have the violin version, not the original.....sorry...” John answered promptly, shoulders straightening with being directly addressed for the first time since he had brought Sherlock to his flat. He found himself answering the question with its unspoken requests, unsure of how much information the Dragon really wanted. His military training urged him to give everything in pointed, clipped form. To get the facts out straight before the embellishments.
He had always been told he had her eyes, even after she passed away. John however never thought his eyes could change from such a dark shade to something so light in an instant. To him it seemed like a Magic trick, before he had learned that Magic was bad and evil because only Dragons could use it.
Thank you all for being patient, and please let me know if there are grammar mistakes as this was unbeta-ed. ^.^
Andy seemed to consider something for a moment, dark brown eyes glinting in brief thought before he clapped his hands together and rubbed them.
The ex army doctor nodded in understanding, mind flicking to Sherlock's brief but sour mention of his old uni years. His hands drummed on the solid surface of the table for a moment absently before the DI seemed to realise that John was still not at ease. His brows furrowed in concern, and Lestrade peered at John carefully, scanning him up and down before bracing himself as if for impact. His question was filled with a heavy sort of dread.
The dark stalked him when he joined the army.The black spots earned him a title, “Three continents Watson” when he couldn't recall the faces of his apparently numerous lovers.
Daniel set his empty cup down with a clatter, looking at him disapprovingly with light blue eyes. He let out a patient sigh, and Sherlock for a moment felt like a scolded child as the man scratched the back of his head and glared up at him as if he were an idiot.
“Means I can actually make it to this damn cliff without freezing my wings off.” He gestured for Mycroft to continue. He did, after taking a moment to feel the warmth that he wouldn’t be able to quite touch without burning himself at the small of his back.
“Do you know that he hasn't eaten more than five hundred calories per day for almost a month? Have you noticed the cuts he's been hiding underneath his clothing- the ones you can see he's scratching at now?” Victor was stock-still, a statue in front of Sherlock. He did not turn to look yet still the detective's nails were loud against the cloth of his own sleeve. He too froze, his secrets laid out before him. A strangled
And the woman smiled, because as she looked over the man who was steadily coming to and realizing what's just happened, she can't help but agree.
He went back towards the tent as dawn turned the sand from dark brown to caramel-gold, confident that a good night’s rest would make his friend more likely to listen to him. What Sherlock found however was an empty bed, and Bill Murray peering up at him blearily with a pre-caffeinated expression.
It would only be when Sherlock was sent to A and E, that Mycroft would finally relocate his baby brother. It would be in the same night that he found him that the elder Holmes would meet Gregory Lestrade, and see what street life and Victor’s untimely death had done to his younger sibling.
A kind of seduction that in his weakened and befuddled state, he couldn't even hope to resist. Closing his eyes, like a sleepwalker John continued forward.
out behind him like an angry whip, was instead curling itself about John's middle, effectively constricting him in a hug that had a grip like iron. The Dragon's hands, which should
Yet each time, that voice was drowned out by the memory of smooth seal pelt under his hands, and by the haunting lilt of a melody half-forgotten from childhood, swiftly gaining clarity the longer he listened to its croon from upstairs.
age experimental thing. There were a few other kids there, but I don't remember much... My blackouts were more.... frequent then....From there I joined the army. They took my good track record from my time at the military base and... overlooked my other issues.”
The elder Holmes crouched before them, uncharacteristically sad-looking even as he ran a hand through his younger brother's curls. Sherlock only reacted by curling further into himself, his egg still pressed to his chest.
“A door the colour of sand.... I can hear... I can hear Bill Murray behind it, shouting. He's calling our troops....It's the day I got shot....”
What he didn’t expect was the kind-faced man that sat before him now, happily accepting a cup of tea from Sherlock with a mumbled
Thick and acrid, it filled the air like a grey blanket, setting further haze amid the chaos that John could glimpse past Sherlock's shielding embrace. It was coming from the opening of the tents, not a direct hit then but nearby. John's mind automatically leapt towards the possibility of it hitting the barracks, and his throat tightened with the thought of Mike and Molly and Bill and Rin. Where were they? Did he even know? The thought of something happening to them filled John with a heavy and forceful rush of adrenaline, and he swayed to his feet even while ignoring the wave of nausea that gripped him as the world tilted in front of him. Sherlock's frigid haunch was the only thing that kept him on his feet, and the Dragon's snarling voice rumbled in his pounding head like a clap of thunder. John suppressed a wince, feeling as though the creature's voice was rippling and bending within the confines of his emptied skull.
In all seriousness though, Merry Christmas. Though this chap is a little short, by the end of it I think you'll agree that it needed to end there. You won't be disappointed, I think.
Her eldest brother smiled, knowing that he was now in control. His dark eyes blazed like fire, and his voice was cheery and bright, compared to the gory mess he had made. His voice thundered in their head like the rolling of a tidal wave.
Mycroft offers him a dead smile. One that doesn't reach his eyes. He taps his dark umbrella on the concrete floor, matching the rhythm of the dripping water from the pipes absently. His tone is lightly chiding, as if he's telling off a small child for being petulant. Trying to make a person see his side in an argument.
War was violent- so many knew that and yet they signed up for it and found themselves unprepared for the shock. It wasn’t just the fighting- it was the new clothes, a uniform that never felt like home. It was the food, plentiful but tasteless and used more as fuel than eaten for pleasure. It was the endless nights in a place made unrecognisable by spilt blood and endless nightmares.
He had at first viciously fought the villagers that tried to make him presentable for the wedding ceremony, snarling at them not unlike a caged animal, biting any hands that drew near. However they'd soon given up on having him come with them willingly, and after nearly a half day of repeatedly proving that he was stronger than his small size implied, Raz had regretfully instructed four of the men to hold him down. John had struggled on the temple's mosaic floor, pleading and threatening in equal turns even as the priest retreated to the back rooms, returning after a moment with a stone goblet in his hands.
“You must trust me completely,” The wolf murmured “but if you think you can do this, then a deal should be no difficult thing to make.” He cocked his head. “In two days’ time, a suitor will come to your village. It will be clear at a glance that he is actually the Water God.” Irene barely kept the gasp from her lips. She’d heard that the Water God had been looking for a bride, in order to please his mother’s wishes. So far, he’d rejected every bride offered to him. “You will woo him, and have him take you for his bride.
When the moon rose, Mycroft took his leave with a chilly look in John’s direction and muttered words towards his brother. Sherlock had watched him leave with snappish impatience, a hound already on its scent and just waiting for the opportune moment to act upon his will. He paced restlessly, eyes unnaturally blue with the glow of the moon peering through the clouds, turning the water into crystal shards of a mirror, reflective and mysterious.
It was true, Sherlock realised with some surprise. His incisors had sunk into his lower lip, saliva pooling in his mouth against his will. The scene before him was brighter, somehow, his vision sharpened. If the Demon looked, he was sure his horns had appeared amidst his curls, curving up and around his ears like a ram’s. There was a singing in his blood, the kind that made him have to physically stop himself from hovering on the balls of his feet, pouncing like a cat.
It was a word that brought nothing but pain and suffering, and when Sherlock’s case was revealed to be placed in the setting of an ex-one, John had to resist the urge to flinch away from the concept like it was a hot coal. Lestrade had called in the dead of night, and the detective had wasted no time in dragging John out of the warmth of his bed and into the chill evening air without so much as a midnight snack or a glass of water. There were not many places in-city that had the mountainous regions needed for a Kindergarten, and so the cab ride was a long drive out to cornwall during which John struggled to stay awake and mentally calculated the cringe-worthy amount that Sherlock would no doubt pay the cab driver when they finally arrived. The Gem didn’t seem particularly bothered by the length of the trip, and John found himself lulled by the continuous motion of the vehicle as much as Sherlock’s particular scent of lemon, cigarettes and home. When he woke, the sun was beginning to pinken the sky, and Sherlock’s spidery hand was nudging his shoulder. The detective’s baritone rumbled with something akin to affection.
there. John Watson's hands stilled, ears ringing as he stared rather openly at Sherlock's groin area, blinking slightly in shock. For just a second, the army doctor's world tilted on end. His brain shuddered to a stop, pausing for breath. Taking in the new information. Beneath him the detective went perfectly still, breathless and small in his space. Curled.
Tightening of lips. Hands clenching. Tension in the tone of voice. Harry buttered herself a piece of toast absently, eyes glued to her grandmother's form. The old woman stiffened slightly, blue eyes clouding  in regret as she murmured
“What do you want me to do?” He asked, because it was clear that Mycroft wanted something. The Dragon shifted to look at John, his pale eyes calculating.
Surprisingly, Sherlock seemed to consider the idea. A contemplative look spread on his face as he stopped his restless plucking of his violin, setting it down on the table beside him.
Mr. Lyle's eyes narrowed slightly then became very wide with feigned pleasantry, his smile stretching bigger across his face as he stood before them.
His voice was crisp, the polished words having a British lean to them that was both upper class and refined. For a moment John floundered, the idea of Selkies learning human tongue having frankly never occurred to him. He struggled for a moment to process what he was even being asked, and when he did he felt a chill go through him that settled in his stomach heavily like lead stones.
Sherlock though, appeared to have other ideas. After about fifteen minutes of splashing about, John heard a rather sulky sounding clicking noise, and he looked down towards the shoals to see a pouting Selkie regarding him with a mixture of confusion and irritation.
on the other hand, can be admittedly quite a handful. But then again, if it's this early in the morning, then it's likely because there's too much stupid in the room.”
panic as Sherlock abruptly released John, standing to quickly begin pushing the couch back to its original space.
targeting a village wouldn’t have been a surprise, but with a crowd so small, the soldier feared the dead-count would be staggering. Images of the explosion at the compound, of the sea of red soldiers flashed before John’s eyes, and he licked his lips nervously even as he darted a glance at Bill. His friend’s deep green eyes were serious and heavy, and he squinted into the sun as if he could glean something past the haze of heat surrounding the figures in the distance. As they came closer, Benson’s voice spoke into their nervous amalgamation of silence.
John sighed to himself as he reflected upon it, leaning his head back so it brushed the back of his chair. His hands fiddled uselessly in his lap, the quiet of the flat sitting uneasy with him. Sherlock was out, though that lately was no surprise. He wished he could take it all back, bitterness creeping through his chest. If he hadn’t been an
The Detective looked at the blonde man before him, snorting at the obvious statement and arching a brow as if to say
“We want to know why you did the cocaine, but you don't have to tell us for how long or when you stopped.”
In the end it was in fact, one of the Nightmare Demons that alerted Sherlock to a prime target. Tucked into the shelter of a secret post within the Gate itself, a man’s soft cries made the Demon’s ears prick, his body moving as if in its own accord. The Demon he saw as he rounded the corner made the corner of his mouth tic upwards, recognising the silhouette as well as the back of his own hand.
a Dragon's honour, to die for their Master's sake. One of the few ways they could earn medals. His would shine on the little dirt plot that
to the coldness that greeted him. To the darkly-curled teen, he was the equivalent of a white crayon. Soft and subdued and
yayyyy new chapter~! and beta read too by the lovely TPurr! ^_^ Thank you so much for editing this into something legible! :D I hope everyone enjoys!
The thought of leaving Sherlock alone when he didn't know what was wrong, of getting arrested or worse left John Watson silent to the violence behind him, and seemingly uncaring as he marched resolutely away.
“Um, right then. Yes.” John finally managed to splutter, regaining his voice and his manners even as his head spun a little. He refused to turn crimson with embarrassment, although he very badly wanted to. Mycroft continued to give him that mile-long stare, unflappably calm as he sipped from a silver and blue goblet. He changed the subject as if he were merely predicting the weather, his head tilting in a rather reptilian way as he swept his slow, searching look over John’s form.
than a friend, now. That was a whole other issue that he’d have words with his mother about when given the chance. For now, Mycroft settled for standing awkwardly like an idiot until Greg finally seemed to get a hold of himself. The Dragon finally did, whirling around and spreading his wings challengingly.
However, he did allow himself somewhat guiltily to scratch, nails raking over the skin on his arms. They left white trails, swiftly turning a dark and angry red. It was enough to distract Sherlock as he rose to his feet, wrapping his quilt firmly around his shoulders. His jaw was set even as he passed the nearby mirror hanging on his wall, eyes firmly averted as his elegant fingers reached out to search for a button-down to wear. The blanket dropped only when the satin material was in his hands, and his shoulders were immediately covered by the fabric as his fingers worked the buttons.
Mycroft soon after had to leave for university, and in many ways this combined abandonment served as a catalyst for the chaos that would ensue in the years to come.
Mycroft lead them out past the ballroom, nodding at his mother in acknowledgement as he did. She saw Greg, a smile of her own giving him permission to leave. She turned towards the Dragon she’d been conversing with before, her earrings glittering with the turn of her head.
John, feeling as though he were exceptionally lost watched as the two Gems seemed to have in invisible conversation, one that he could have no hope of translating. It wasn’t until Molly broke her gaze away, taking a position that distinctly reminded John of his sister’s old ballet dance years that he realised:
John could feel darkness closing in on him again, but he thought it a nice image to dream. He wondered how his mind could create something so beautiful and painful, even as he tumbled back down into the abyss of his own slumber, safe under the shelter of the man he had no choice but to call his husband.
The air smelled of sandalwood and sea. Something fresh and clean, and the theme of it seemed to carry on into the colouring of the furniture, laid out in the spacious room with impeccable organisation. The walls were a soft white, and real, solid oak floor smoothed under John's toes as he sat up, ankles dangling over the edge of the bed. By the head of the bed was a night-stand of sorts, adorned by a water jug and a small basin which John assumed was for washing up. The jug was silver and heavily ornate, whorling patterns catching the eye and threatening to covet it jealously. In much the same way, the mirror standing across the room had similar designs on its edges, sitting above a vanity-type desk made of the same dark wood as the night-stand. Fabrics in the room were either silk or gossamer, and both resembled the cresting waves of an ocean glinting under a tropical sun.
Again, the fountain’s surface shivered, and again, it painfully revealed John. Sherlock let loose an inarticulate cry of rage, throwing his hands up in the air. Lightning was called down, sizzling to its mark: A copse of trees surrounding them. They were struck, the ear-splitting sound of shattering wood shaking the forest.
have trouble fully understanding it... but... You do know I've got your back, right? That if someone harasses you... you can tell me?”
John did, and yet he hadn’t known about the extent of destruction the Gems could have caused should they have won the Gem War. He found himself resisting the urge to wear an expression of fear, the thought of the Earth being hollowed out like a tree trunk infested with carpenter ants terrifying. He swallowed past the lump of disconcertion in the back of his throat, offering the elder Holmes a somewhat confused and wan smile.
Mrs. Hudson was the only other on the list, for reasons Sherlock was reluctant to this day to recall.
And they both stop, and Sherlock suddenly towering over John, trying to glean a confession from him even as the Doctor stubbornly clenches his jaw and look to the ground. Studying the outline of his shoes. In the dark his ash-blonde hair glints softly, and Sherlock wonders at the mystery of John Watson. How someone could seem so normal, and yet not get the gravity of such a situation. The magnitude of what he's done. Not just some small favour.
, as that was the closest he could come to pronouncing the Human's name at the moment, had acted distinctly not-Human since he had met him. Not only had he not used the Clicking Thing to discipline Sherlock for hurting him (because even from here Sherlock could see the bruises on the young man's throat, like purple bands wrapping about his trachea delicately) but he had so far just given him a territory that was
The deductions continued to more mundane things, such as the fact that the man owned a dog and had once gotten into trouble in his teens from a pregnancy scare with a girlfriend in uni. However all of that in John's mind faded as Bill stepped forward reluctantly, heels dragging even as beside him Rin followed with unquestioning compliance. It looked like the man was facing his execution.
He trailed off, and Sherlock tried to finish his sentence, guess the words that were lying left unsaid.
in a very good mood. There was no trace of worry or the haunted expression she had last left with, and as it was she seemed to hold no real hatred or mistrust of him. John picked a good persona to
of flesh against unyielding concrete as they both found themselves pressed against the wall, the Dragon transformed into his snarling true form and towering like a shadow over the Human. Distantly, Sherlock noted how
“I guess I don’t.” He murmured, rising up onto his bare feet and stretching his arms overhead. He was dead tired, and dawn would be in a few hours. He thankfully however, didn’t have to go into surgery tomorrow.
Things however only got weirder as another thumping noise sounded, John sleepily calling out “Love… you there?” The ex-army doctor came out in nothing but a pair of pants, blonde hair sticking up in all directions. He stopped abruptly upon seeing Lestrade, hand halfway to his mouth to cover a yawn. The tension in the room felt as though it could be cut with a knife. No one dared to move.
lay curled around a woollen jumper before her looked shockingly Human. If it weren't for the thick collar encircling his throat, one would never be able to tell. His bare
“I'm John Watson and this is Sherlock. My Dragon's been ill lately, heatstroke because of his breed. I was wondering if there's anything that can be done to help alleviate some of his... suffering.”
Claude thought. She had never had a playmate before. Maybe if Mr. Holmes found out about them he'd play with her. The thought sends a tingling of happiness down her spine, even if she's still a little afraid of him. However the older personalities shift uncomfortably at the idea of being found out, and she deflates a little in disappointment at their less- than supportive feelings. She feels her lower lip tremble slightly, and somewhat sullenly she thinks
The Northern Dragon opened his mouth to reply, but what he answered with was drowned out by the faintest of trembling in the wind. Sherlock paused, tilting his head.
like it was offensive, but John pressed on, aware that no one else was listening. To anyone who looked, it would appear as if John was simply trying to sneak his harness onto Sherlock, the device still clutched in one hand despite the fact that it made the embrace awkward.
Since she had turned fifteen, John's sister had come under the eye of many a village boy. She had sprouted from her childish, gangly form, and now had not only an attractive appearance, but an impressive will to boot. She had become the target of nearly every eligible suitor within a hundred miles, and had even caught the attention of a few wealthy individuals outside of their village. As a result, her parents used what little money they
As the last dying rays of sunlight disappeared, darkness began to seep grey and paint a blanket over Recheinbach. People drew their cloaks more tightly about them, and unlike the ceremony before there was an aura of unease. The cheer that had once painted the village seemed to grow stale and stagnant, freezing over even as they looked uneasily to the sky, where dark clouds began to form and rumble with menacing promise. John stood tall, even as the wind rocked him, blasted back his hair from his face. His eyes glittered hatred, and in his chest his heart pounded, burned.
“You will get to see him within a few more days; have some patience if you can. In the meantime, I thought we might discuss visiting hours for some of your other acquaintances.”
“Events? What’s happened?” John’s brows furrowed, confused by the way Mrs Hudson twisted the beads of her necklace, avoiding his gaze. Her voice was low, filled with dread as she confided to him.
Her voice held in it the promise of a prophet as she whispered to the reflection of her dear, dear son, so often misunderstood. As unreadable as a typhoon.
He didn't know why they always decided to go to Grandmother's even when it made his mum and dad fight, only that the end result was always the same every year. He didn't know why they decided every year to go by car either, when it would be much easier to go by plane. John didn't know why every summer he cautiously told himself that this time would be different, that the ride wouldn't be so stressful.
He dreamed of John, and he dreamed of waking up back in a cage, cold and alone and starved to half-madness. He dreamed of snow, and a shadow screaming his name as his burning fingers lost his grip on stone. The shadow continued screaming, even as he fell from a cliff-face, down
Years had passed since there had been such a strong episode, the war having drained his body of even the ability to dream. Yet John felt it hovering now in his gut, a sense of deep unyielding worry, knotted in coils under his skin. An itch that had yet to relieve itself. All because his therapist was trying to suggest he go to the place where the trauma of his childhood all began. He looked blankly at the carpet underneath his feet, shoes simple black. Dark against an ugly but professional beige.
Here was the tricky part. Enabling the other personalities to step forward. Faintly, John's blonde brow furrowed, and he turned his head slightly as if he were looking around. Eyes still closed, the army doctor mumbled.
Had it been even ten years ago, he might have been utterly disgusted with himself. As it was, he was oddly, meekly proud.
Smiling to himself at the morbid joke, he chuckled mirthlessly under his breath as he flipped the food with an expert toss of the pan and a flick of his wrist.
John buried his head in his knees, heaving salty tears until after a moment, he heard the splash of another body making its way to shore. Sherlock apparently didn't understand beyond the fact that he was obviously distressed, making alarmed burbling noises that sounded not unlike the low humming of whale song to John's ears as he approached the curled up Human. The pale boy sat down a few inches away from him, dark curls cocked to one side with his head as those wide blue eyes took in John's tear-streaked cheeks calculatingly, trying to discover the source of his pain.
There were no ice cubes at the threshold this time, but instead the Dragon found himself being lead creepingly up the stairs inch by inch by the strangely hypnotic melody drifting down to him, just loudly enough for his sensitive hearing to pick out the notes. It was a pure instrument, whatever was playing in the piece, and he found himself burbling softly to the general tone of the music even though he didn't know its name. The notes were sad and soft, melting into complexity as time wore on and the piece rose in power and strength. As he took the steps one at a time, Sherlock found himself swaying slightly to the rhythm in interest. It was a beautiful noise, whatever instruments they were that were making them. He didn't know, but he thought it might be something with strings. He had once had a Master that could play guitar. She hadn't been half bad, a country singer with a rich sort of rasping voice that had sounded always just slightly off-key but consistently so. Though Sherlock's opinion of musical instruments, and music in general for that matter, greatly diminished when she had used said guitar once to strike him across the face in a drunken rage after he refused to be her packhorse and carry her music supplies. He hadn't been ashamed in the slightest when he had eaten the absurdly tough-tasting instrument the next day, splitting it in half over is knee before tearing into it, strings and all. Listening to her screams of horror had been worth the stomach-ache afterwards.
"It's good to see you, Mrs Hudson. Truly. Sorry it's been so long… I've been… I've been rather busy."
He huffed, and for an instant the man's blue eyes turned gold and slitted, and smoke came out from between his teeth in irritation. A dark red, rather prehensile tail lashed agitatedly behind him, curling and uncurling by John's ankles. The army doctor stilled, unwilling to be pricked even accidentally by the thickly pointed scales at the end of that thrashing weapon.
Before John could ask how she knew, there was the quietest of knocks at the door. Conversation was momentarily forgotten as a man with a shaved head and a narrow faced entered, white robes not hiding the circles under his eyes and the jut of his bones. His voice was querulous and reed-thin.
As an official army medic, John was armed but not expected to engage in much battle. His job was mainly to pull victims of attack to safety, though it chafed him to see others in the crowd fighting and he unable to do so.
“Evening, sunshine. Nice to see you back with us. The ambulance is on its way, courtesy of your brother.”
It was without thinking he leaned into it, stepping back from the fridge and allowing Sherlock to wrap long, skinny arms around him like some kind of massive cat draping itself over furniture.
As the two of them parted for air with a wet gasp, Sherlock seemed to seize it as his opportunity  to ask. His eyes were half-wild with want, but he grabbed John’s wrist at his side that was being used as support. Sherlock’s voice was rough, but his expression was earnest despite his clear reluctance.
panic that wanted to set over him when anything to do with testing was around him. A long ingrained preservation instinct, from exactly where John didn't know. He found himself listening rather intently to the gentle noise of Sherlock's breathing, the steady rhythm grounding him even as the detective voice washed lowly over him like a wave.
“Your question shows a mark of naivete beyond your years.” Sherlock replied, his smirk rather bitter and cruel. Sneak didn't seem particularly bothered by the barb, shrugging slightly as if he expected such an answer. His voice was light and airy, cheerful despite the dark tones of their conversation.
The book for all its helpfulness, was strangely silent on how to deal with the tentative fondness that was already developing for the unique burbling noises that purred throughout the house.
“I just don’t think we can throw away this kind of chance,” Greg murmured. “For my mother, it has the potential to be a real solution. I can’t see her just allowing us to turn it away.”
“The three tribes talk to one another throughout the year, but we gather when the red star shows in the sky at night for a celebration, The Star Ball. At this celebration, it’s your duty to welcome the other daughters and sons of the chieftains.”
They didn't know what to do, and fearful of rejection, they hid themselves as best they could on the couch. Their head was too full of questions, and frustratingly few of them had to do with Moriarty, Irene, or the case at hand.
“When did you appear? During the game? When John was picked? When was the exact moment that John became so uncomfortable that he decided to
Ella's voice was soft but firm. Her hands folded themselves in her lap, and her dark gaze was steady where John's wasn't. A calm in the middle of a silent storm.
It was curled up on the floor of the kitchen that John found himself dozing off, his thoughts trickling to little more than a weak forward march even as dawn threatened to pierce its way through the faded yellow curtains over the sink in front of him. His limbs ached from crouching on the cold wooden slats, and there was a developing crick forming at the base of his neck. His sleep was little, and what rest he did get was plagued with nightmares, shapes dark and mysterious, lost in tides of sand and sea. Hands, reaching to grasp him from the darkened, sand-blasted buildings of Kandahar. Oceans and tides filled with the sound of gunfire. Screaming. Twice, the ex-army doctor awoke in a cold sweat, shaking.
John knew Stockholm syndrome and its effects, but he also knew that the Selkie had trapped him inside of his own deal. He swallowed tightly, considering the angle. On the one hand, two months spent trapped inside of a small cabin with no one for company but a mythical beast sounded like something out of a nightmare. On the other hand, John knew that if Sherlock wanted to win his approval at all, he would quickly discover that he valued his own freedom. The doctor’s hands clenched by his side, his mind made up. With his decision, he saw Mycroft’s nostrils flare (space) – silent exasperation.
“No, he's alive. The Bond is still there, it still holds. If he were dead, it would have rotted away by now.”
If she noticed How Cerioth transformed in the back seat, how he became his true form as he remembered in silence, she wouldn't say. Instead, she turned on the radio, and its drone drowned out the Dragon's soft tears.
But his assurance was cut off, as suddenly, Soo Lin let out a warning screech from where she had been standing (head tilted, listening, dark eyes widened in growing horror) that made the very carts tremble, the glass and metal tools of the medical trade trembling in their places.
panic in which she looked wildly about, the little girl decided to duck behind an alley, wanting to make herself small so she could cry in peace and then find a payphone. (John had left his mobile at the flat, again stupid).
“You need a mentor of some kind, one that’ll help you keep your head with my mother’s family and allies.”
And in a war where they were to be facing rebels that could turn into two-tonne scaled beasts of horror, that should be something that worried John. A lot.
Grandma nodded tersely, not touching on the matter again before she turned her attention back to her grandson.
He rolled over, curling into a condensed ball. With his knees tucked against his chin, the ache of it lessened somewhat. Still, it did not go entirely away. Sherlock was glad for that. Liked when things hurt... at least when he felt like he did now.
could be read even if only just a little. John had a very expressive, open face. Almost sleepy-eyed at times, but he could tell that was more his facial features than his demeanour.
He’d recognize John’s tone anywhere, even if he were blind and wandering through a deep forest on a frigid night.
to him. The creature did not expect anyone to answer, and soon drifted into his mind to think, a piece of driftwood in a sea unseen.
Now he found himself not in the middle of some battle, nor under threat, but in a quiet store. He looked about slowly, noticing how many of the customers were eyeing him strangely. He frowned instinctively, causing a few to look away now that they suspected he was okay.
Worse they erased what exactly happened so that he cannot recall how he wound up in a hospital bed, layers of bandages wrapped about his shoulder and bearing a psychosomatic limp that would bring his military service to a harsh end.
The creature looked at him with an unwavering and unflinching gaze, eyes filled with curiosity and mistrust even as it lay in silence. Stretching and vast. The ex-army doctor knew that Sherlock did not understand much of what he was saying, but he found himself carrying on, uncertain of what he was trying to accomplish but relieved now that the Selkie was no longer throwing a fit, and that the storm outside was no longer reminding him of gunfire and screams from another place, another time.
The man behind the desk had a sort of oily look about him, all sharp angles and aggressive strength that was only barely hidden by the grey uniform he wore. He smiled a too-white smile at John and Mike, sensing fresh blood per se as he looked the two young men over. John felt the back of his neck prickle with instant dislike. From the scowl on Mike's face, he could tell that his friend was having similar thoughts.
Eyes wide, John took a second look at the Dragon, pieces clicking together like the mechanics of a clock meshing into one machine to allow the slow ticking of realization. Slowly, he backed away from Sherlock, keeping his hands up in an air of surrender even as he muttered under his breath soothing words.
The sightlessness was always difficult to get used to, when she borrowed her Dragon’s vision. Being able to see was a power she could seldom wield, and it always made her feel frustratingly enough like she was lacking in some way afterwards. She knew it wasn’t true, and as the thought registered, Ryuk sleepily butted his head against her arm. Rania stroked the top of his crest, lost in memories of when the world had gone dark for her. Lost in a time when her palace had burned, and she had been forced to watch the death of her family before her sight was stolen from her. It was times like this that she knew she wasn’t a child, that she felt the hundred years that Ryuk had given her, and resented it.
As the sun hit the seal's skin, John saw a glint of Sherlock's fins. They were lacerated and horribly, terribly scarred. And suddenly, the songs stopped, turned into a screeching that killed the beautiful melody as much as the young seal's hope, and the pod turned to him, teeth and fins bared as they snarled
The creature was made of porcelain and blue sapphire, deep onyx curls sticking wetly to his forehead, contrasting sharply to the small droplet earring that glittered against his throat. The jewel was the colour of cyan, blue with an inner pulsating green, and reflected his eyes in hue as under the starlight as he stretched his limbs towards the sky. The muscles in his back were strong, evident from a lifetime of swimming and scarred from an existence in exile. Though the piercing in his ear denoted his royal status, the swirling scar on his chest exposed Sherlock's exile.
John cowered as the gun pressed itself more firmly to his skull. From beneath the fan of his lashes, he could see Sherlock beginning to pale.
Somehow, she suspected she never made it to the Kennels. There was only so much grief a Dragon's heart could stand, and Molly knew that night her mother had watched everything she had ever cared about be torn away from her grasp. The loss of a mate sometimes instantly killed a Dragon, and the loss of a Hatchling was something too terrible to even consider. In fact, there was a word for Dragon's who could not bear children.
the ground, except that slowly, a curling smile twisted John's face. A low trembling racked the man's body, and it took the thug a moment to realise it for what it was:
. Through his lashes, he picked out details of her career, her uniform telling a story to him like a map.
Then quick as it's come it fades, and John blinks foggily as he tries to maintain his bearings about him even as he limps towards the self check-out. It happens sometimes, the briefest flash of remembrance. Like shards of a mirror glittering past his eye before twisting and flipping away into the dark. It left with them sharp abrasions in his mind, bleeding invisibly and leaving John feeling suddenly ill and head-achy. He swallowed thickly, thinking maybe he should go home and rest. Forget the groceries, he felt like he was going to be sick....
so it made sense. He felt as if he might start crying, if he wasn’t half sure it would make Sherlock look at him as if he were rather pathetic. Looking at all the water his villagers were drinking, dancing in, and collecting, John for the first time wondered if this marriage, this entire ordeal, might be worth it.
-(Because it will likely never make it into the story) Ryuk was blinded by the slavers that caught him and his family. They did it as an act of punishment, as he tried to escape. He was taken easily, as he was born the runt of twins (Rare for dragons) and his mother could only care for one. She chose the stronger egg of the two in a rare move of abandonment. For Dragon culture, to abandon one's child is looked upon as a crime as cruel as murder of a loved one.
Though the detective wasn’t one to cower, his face turned slightly paler before flushing in embarrassment. He privately berated himself over his own impulsiveness and waited patiently for the man’s hands to loosen from the fabric of his shirt. When they did, Sherlock slowly righted himself to his feet. He ducked his head slightly in silent apology. Still, he found himself pleading with the blonde soldier, suddenly overcome with the fear that he has done something unforgivable. That he would turn around and John would be gone, and he’d be without his blogger and, dare he say it, friend. Daniel blinked at the shockingly placating tone the detective used, his voice low and as ashamed as Sherlock Holmes would ever get....
He wore loose clothes, mostly. Hoodies and ragged jeans, attempting to hide the evidence that a chest binder couldn't. He ran quite a bit. When running didn't make him feel feminine. When running didn't involve too-tight clothes or sweat clinging the back of his shirt to his skin.
Sherlock was allowed to see John two days after he found out the bitter truth of his Magic. Since then, he’d spent most of his time curled in his bed, furiously thinking of a way to reverse what he and John had inadvertently done. The Dragon had been a study in sharp angles and ridged lines as he thought, his mind always drifting back to press against the thread that now hummed between him and his Mate.
“Now, now, Sherlock. No need to assume the worst immediately. Our little friend appeared to have misjudged the amount of rainfall that's happened the past couple of weeks- we picked up Claude at the park, knee-high in mud.” And indeed, once Sherlock looked closer he could see tell-tale traces of what looked to be rough play. A splash of mud behind one ear, grime underneath John's fingernails. Claude looked vaguely shamed as she looked up at the detective, blue eyes wide as she mumbled
The personality tittered, John's cheeks turning pink in flattery at being called brave. Claude couldn't seem to entirely hide her bashfulness as she was suddenly overcome by the desire to fiddle away the compliment. Sherlock watched as John hid his face in the collar of his jumper, like a little kid concealing themselves behind his Mother's skirts as he mumbled a reply.
face as the other personality gave him a critical glance over. His eyes seem to linger in places that made the detective inexplicably want to blush.
The War ended while John was lost in the throes of fever. Nearly a month and a half he was out of commission, and in that time the Gem homeworld decided to sign a contract of peace with the Earth. It was a truce on both sides, alien and Human both recognising the extent of the damage caused and the sacrifices that had been made. It was signed by the council of Diamonds themselves- a particular voice for humanity speaking out in the form of an Alien with pink and curling hair.
John could feel the unsettled waves rolling off of the Dragon, tight with unease and distress. It was no doubt in his mind that whoever this Dragon's
It was nearly four in the morning when, apparently reaching a breaking point Sherlock snarled, spinning to the pathologist (who had been watching the pair nervously for most of the evening) and demanding in a voice like a growl “Fuse with me.”
Sherlock sighed through his teeth, rolling his eyes slightly as he forced himself to gentle his tone. His voice was a low murmur, like rumbling waves.
The journey to the palace was nearly a day long, and John itched under the new attire he wore- unused to being out of military fatigues for so long. Designed to look like nothing more than a servant, the soldier’s garbs were silken and light- designed for harsh summer conditions and robe-like. His upper half was partially covered by a silken sash-gaudy blue with white lacing of leaves and sprigs of ivy. It was the royal colours, and John thumbed the material absently, still hardly comprehending his new role and yet simultaneously embracing it. The strangest part for him was the absence of his Dragon, as well as the fact that Dodge sat across from him in similar attire. To see her dressed in such finery instead of practical boots and dusty military garb felt alien to John. He couldn’t seem to stop staring, and Cerioth didn’t really help as he stared right back at John for his mistress, unblinking and silent as stone.
He walked along the dirt road, ears picking up tell-tale splashing sounds coming from the shore. True to his predictions, Sherlock was a sleek knifepoint in the water, dark curls slicked back so that the angles of his face appeared razor-sharp.
The thought makes him laugh hoarsely, even as he slips out into the night to 'arrive' on the scene after the police cars arrived. Lestrade wouldn't buy it because he had seen John leave earlier, but he wouldn't question it either, John felt. He hadn't really gotten to know the Detective Inspector yet, but he got the sense that he was used to bending the rules just a little.
His last thought as the world tips like he's on a ship cresting the sea is that it's curious, how he trusts the man more than he trusts other parts of himself.
“Aye, it’s working.” He murmured lowly “Though I don’t know when we’ll all fade. Feels like I’ll be first, though.”
of all people knows about the state of my genitalia? Honestly John, though your concern is appreciated and noted, even
Sherlock snorted indignantly, blowing fog out in a cloud around him before silently gathering his courage to flounce inside as menacingly as he could manage. Given the fact that he was as unsure of himself as a baby cow being thrown into a pack of wolves, he felt he did a fairly impressive job.
almost been put down in his presence. A mere one hundred pounds, dirt cheap for a dragon and the Military would reimburse him.
The Wright twins were serial killers. John had witnessed their victims, seen how they had violated people. All but tore them to pieces. The case naturally fell close to home given the nature of their victims. All transgender or gender variant in some way. The army doctor would be the first to admit his nightmares had begun to come back since the case started, and they weren't his usual ones about Afghanistan.
She murmured to him even as she'd looked up at John's face through the pale fan of her lashes, and the young boy already drunk on wine and more than a little bit overwhelmed found himself foolishly making promises.
He said it firmly, and watched as Sherlock's music came to a juddering halt, his jaw tightening minutely. However the detective's voice was mocking as he said “Funny. I don't recall you becoming my mother.”
Somehow, he knew for a fact that just because that Collar surrounded the Dragon's neck, didn't mean he didn't occasionally consider killing one or two Humans at least every once in a while.
He almost didn't hear Daniel's voice in his head, shouting and struggling to be heard over the rest of the Others who were all writhing and moaning in pain.
was that part of the reason she had been so warm and overjoyed at his acceptance of the flat was because the flat below
as they trembled, shuffling closer into the shadow of the corner of the living room, as if darkness could hide them from Sherlock's sharp gaze. Pale lashes blinked through red eyes blotchy from tears, trying to process the words spoken. When John opened his mouth, a sob muffled his words.
Because Sherlock could not afford to be hopeless, not when they were already preparing to go into a battle. If he remained this way, there was little doubt in John's mind that the Dragon would die in that desert. He'd let himself get shot, or kidnapped, or burned at a stake, and that was unacceptable.
John for his part had never been taken so utterly and wholly. An Incubus’ abilities meant that the object of their hunt tended to be lost in a haze of magic, complicated spells that created a glamour about the creature, relaxing will and fear into compliance. Yet he didn’t feel as if all of his desire stemmed just from Sherlock’s physical appearance, but perhaps merely enhanced by its presence. It was a twisting combination of sensations, the kind that left the man breathless and hungry for more. His hands found cream-white planes of skin as he plucked at the creature’s violet tunic, hiding muscle that was inhumanly strong and warm, almost to the point of burning. Plush lips captured his mouth even as his trousers were slid down his legs, a wet tongue demanding entry that the soldier couldn’t deny. His own lips parted, and he keened softly as a warm hand found his cock, the touch making his thighs shudder and spread wider in open invitation.
The lanky youth sneered, chesire grin curling up at the corners. His voice was sharp and commanding.
More smashing, followed by the crackling of smoke threatening to turn to flame. Apparently, Mike's Molly had been pushed to her limit. His friend shouted into the phone, sounding thoroughly lost and not knowing where to go. His tone was defeated, crushed and hopeless like a coffee cup trodden on underfoot.
Claude made a show of considering his question, her tongue sticking out in thought before she nodded and grinned widely.
He was shot, wasn’t he? Shouldn’t he cry? Shouldn’t he sob because it hurt and because he was going to die? Or was he supposed to cry because he was leaving, and because Mum and Dad hated him and wanted to take him away from his friend?
“It sounds like you loved Madhu’s family very much.” John murmured, and Xavi nodded, a small nostalgic smile crossing his lips.
official enough to be sure, probably to fulfil some non-existent guideline or Government requirement somewhere. The tan brick-work was functional, and there was an electric fence surrounding it in typical military fashion. However the inside was an entirely other matter, and John and Mike both were uncomfortably reminded of their homes back in the Slums as they stepped into the front office and were slapped with the sharp and crude taste of animalistic fear. It was a good thing the blonde thought, that Cerioth had been instructed to stay in the car and wait for his Mistress, because John was sure if he had heard the horrible whimpering and snarling beyond the front desk towards the back he would have lashed out, if not at least cowered. Perhaps it had been on purpose, as Lieutenant Dodge appeared to notice as well as her nose wrinkled in sharp distaste as she made sure to check her boots for dirt as they walked in.
young. If he had to guess, he'd say no older than eight years of age. Probably younger. What's more by the way his temperament was, John whispered a past having taken both the position of the younger child and the older. So a sibling was likely, though it may be only one since he had in all probability grown up in a orphanage where sibling-like bonds were often formed. He considered all of this while listening to the soft thumping about upstairs, a small crease of thought pressing itself into the cleft of his brow.
again. Then again as John ran his tongue over his teeth, he realised that so had he. The detective's voice was rough and deep with a nameless emotion, something molten and angry and only barely contained.
She shyly, quietly, grew to like him if not trust him. Maybe it was just because she liked looking after children, but she saw a vulnerability in the young man that made the Mother that had died long ago inside of her rekindle to life.
, and Sherlock couldn't help but feel as if he'd wandered into some kind of faerie land. Was it possible he was just having a very vivid dream? To make sure, he brought his arm to his lips and bit the inside of his wrist hard enough that it began to bleed. He startled when he heard the Human make a small, distressed noise, staring at the copper liquid that streamed down his wrist with panic. Hastily, Sherlock licked over the wound, sealing it shut with his saliva before the Human could punish or yell at him. Still he waited, just to make sure that the man wouldn't reach into his pocket and reveal the little silver remote and point it at him.
Part of the detective hoped it wasn't such a long shot. The rest of him gathered himself, changing the subject to happier topics. His voice put on a false cheeriness.
For the Dragon's mouth opened, and from his lips a glacial fog drifted, filling the flat and making it descend into chilly tension.
his actions, John's words slowly came shrieking to life in Sherlock's head. Like tuning in to a radio channel after a long moment of silence, it was nearly deafening. The Dragon recoiled from the shouting thoughts, rifling through them to get the heart of the message before shoving them away.
and complete. It was a high that in the moment he never wanted to leave, to always ride its most thrilling point and never fall back down to the end of its free-fall.
Victor's frown was a rather delicate thing, and it looked far more likely to morph back into a smile. Sure enough, the young man laughed a moment later with ease, brown eyes sparkling jovially. Sherlock detested the wonderful noise. Hated the way it caught him off guard for a moment by its utter freeness and warmth.
He had fallen asleep in his chair again. Something that had become a habit he couldn't break. He always seemed to dream when he fell asleep sitting up, though he wasn't sure why.
After a while though, the creature's muscles loosened from their tension once again, and the young man blew out a deep-seated breath of relief.
The first thing John heard was the wind, moaning outside and kicking up shells from the sand. It sounded like the clatter of bone, of pottery shards and pale-cold ice. The next was the slow breathing underneath it, the sound of another human being, and John struggled for a moment and grappled with his memory, uncertain as to what had happened. Finally, there was the darkness, still present despite the fact that he could now make out the outline of his own hands, the faint moonlit-suffused glisten of the wet rocks before him. It was the kind of glow that came only in a sheltered place, and with a shudder he realised he knew the shape of that rock.
The Scottish brogue is beginning to fade. It becomes steadily British with each and every word. Daniel feels the familiar brush of sleep edging into him, wrapping him up tightly in blankets of dark. Calling him softly into shadow. With it he brushes arms with John, pulling himself out of the sticky sleep to take the helm of their body.
He coughed, then cried out again. What he said was something in his own tongue, but it was blurred and twisted to the fading of time. He screamed it again and again, until he was sure his throat was raw. Then he shifted into his true form, screaming into the frigid night air that turned to dawn with the blazing fire.
Sherlock's deductions were in relieving his frustration. He put his head in his hands and sighed, looking at the older soldier with a pleading sort of face. He suddenly felt utterly out of his depth.
“Britain's finest right here. This is my Damelia. She's an English Dragon, which ya can tell by the colourin'. The eastern ones tend to have darker hair, though all of 'em have the fair complexion. I've had her since I was sixteen, when I first joined the ranks.”
“I am not afraid of you. Or of this.” Sherlock breathed quietly, his long fingers dipping down, cupping warm heat and causing John to let loose a small sound that could be a question or a gasp. “I merely require time, to adjust. To remember that it’s you, and not someone else with me. I need to keep my head, to not get lost in memories.” Sherlock stroked experimentally, and was rewarded with a small moan of pleasure. It shot through him, made his blood hum. He licked his lips, watching John stare at him, uncharacteristically the one left helpless in this situation.
The soldier relaxed minutely when Sherlock complied without complaint, rising gracefully to his feet. Sherlock's eyes stayed trained on the floor the entire time. The model of compliance.
John, standing suddenly unsure in the doorway of his own bathroom, watched the exchange warily. He could still feel the hum of the strange, commanding song of the Selkie pinning him in place, commanding his presence and immobilising him so as to keep him from attacking unexpectedly. Yet it was lessened with the ginger-haired creature’s focus on Sherlock, the Selkie’s hands, sun-freckled and still wet, pouring the bucket of seawater John had been forced to bring in over Sherlock’s head.
” His pale hand tightened in the human’s hair as if punctuating his point, and Sherlock heard a rasping intake of breath.
He stepped into the darkened area of the pool, noticing the gentle lapping of the water, the greenish glow of the lights casting strange shadows in the darkness. Sherlock was hyper-aware of the gun at his side, not his own but John’s. It was an unfamiliar weight, cold and impersonal. He was as well aware of the way his own heart seemed louder in the silence, pounding in his ears.
, and by the scars on his arms and the weight of his heart, no one would have expected him to be. By anyone’s account, having multiple personalities would have been a sentence to die to begin with, a terrifying mental illness that stole John’s own identity away, stripped him of his persona.
“Beautiful music, the strangest he had ever listened to. No words but just sound, and yet so beautifully achin' that it squeezed his heart inside his chest and left him still as stone on the dock. Sleek, dark bodies slipping under the waves, cryin' the most mournful song you ever could hear.”
The Soldier laughs weakly then, gripping his shoulder as the phantom pain of shrapnel tearing into his flesh echoes through him. Reminding him that this body is not his own. Demanding he leave.
“Good. You can keep it.” Irene felt a ball at the back of her throat. She wanted to say that she didn’t want it, didn’t want to pretend that this could very well be the last time they’d see one another. She wanted to throw the music box in Kate’s face, tell her that if it was a going away present, then she could shove it.
The detective had to resist the urge to reach out and touch the man’s shoulder, half of his brain insisting rather irrationally to make sure that John’s vitals were all in check. After all, he had no idea what kind of effect the Alter’s had on the army doctor’s health. For all Sherlock knew, his blood pressure was rising and falling so swiftly that it could induce heart-attack at any moment. Not that it was likely, but still.
As if reading his thoughts, Moriarty’s blood red eyes pinned him suddenly. The creature’s features, good looking if a bit common before were now twisted beyond recognition. There was nothing but loathing in those irises, and John looked at them directly even as he felt his throat bob with uncertainty, his hands damp with sweat. Jim’s final words were spat at John, laced with poisonous rage.
His brother's smile is practically predatory. Stretching across his face as he flexes his fingers over the handle of his umbrella. Sherlock imagines suddenly staining the front of that suit with tea, if only to see his scowl and perhaps to burn him.
The place was tidy, cleared of any obvious debris and organised, with objects stacked together on the tables and shelves. Not a book was out of place but the overall effect was not so clean as to be staged. (What she didn't know was that John stayed up late into the night, cleaning desperately). Late morning sunlight streamed lazily through the window, making the polished wood floor gleam a rich red with a warm tone.
Sherlock in response wheezed, trying to make the words come but still finding himself rather disoriented. His head was throbbing, and he felt as if he were mostly aqueous, as if the pool had melted him into a puddle of pained goo. Hard shivers wracked his body, the beginnings of shock.
John was a bit absorbed, and truthfully later he’d be embarrassed by how caught up he could get when he wasn’t paying attention. He had already transformed, Citrine’s body somehow better at the swaying movements they liked, more fluid.
Xavi’s flat was painted a cheery butter-yellow, and though it was inevitably messy the way a home with a new baby tended to be, it wasn’t dirty. Molly toed her shoes off as Xavi alerted her that he was in the kitchen. She knew the moment Nalini picked up on her scent, due to the joyful shriek the baby emitted. Molly saw the Dragonling a moment later, smiling widely as she regarded the infant currently seated on the kitchen floor. She was frocked in a blue onesie that Xavi had likely found in a thrift store, her chubby fist crammed into her mouth. Nalini grinned up at Molly, her dragon-sharp teeth already growing in. Instead of crawling in her Human form, Molly watched as the baby transformed into a chubby, scaly Dragon. Nalini’s scales were silver and green, shades of cut stones. She stroked Nalini’s head, emitting the chirruping purrs that she knew as some instinct more than memory. Molly did her best to be content with the interaction, instead of bitter towards her own failed anatomy.
John dreamed of a sun rising, pale and gold and elegant on his cheeks, warm. Like a blazing medallion it struck the water, burning the ocean hotly and setting it sparkling like a rare jewel. He squinted against its glare, and to his surprise a whuffling came from his parted lips,
through their link even as Soo Lin determinedly at the floor, lips twitching free from their usual resolve before smoothing over once more. Andy, seeming to understand that Sherlock was ill at ease, offered a small truce.
It was without thinking that John’s hands came to grip the sleeves of Sherlock’s shirt, pulling the man down until their lips came to touch, achingly soft and desperate not to be wrong.
so... this wasn't supposed to be updated until I updated dragon's soldier and a few others... sighs.... oh well..
"You have her features. Something in your eyes." Mrs Hudson nodded firmly, seeming to gather a hold of herself as her back straightened and she smoothed out the folds of her soft cardigan and blouse. "And those eyes shouldn't look like everyone you've ever known has left you. It's just not proper.”
For the lovely beta-ing she does as always ^_^ I wouldn't be able to make this story as good as it is without her.
And the little girl nodded after a moment, jaw tightening in determination. She looked at Sherlock Holmes with a gaze suddenly made of steel.
His elder brother snorted, as if having to 'convince' someone to push Sherlock out of their lives wasn't exactly difficult to do. Then he reclined back into his chair defensively, cooling his gaze as he let it drop in feigned disinterest to the knuckles of his hand. His voice was low.
“I’m glad.” Sarah found that she meant the words. She held up her hand, showing the bare ring finger. “Left my husband and things turned right around.”
Smiling, the old woman patted the Dragon's knee softly before cupping his head, lifting it up to tuck a pillow underneath. Her hands were warm, Sherlock thought. Small and wrinkled but gentle.
“I can’t do this.” John whispered, and he felt as if he wanted to choke on his own breaths. His chest couldn’t seem to take in enough air. He looked wildly to Mycroft then, and in the moment his youth shone through as he stared up at the elder Holmes. “Please,” John croaked
“But the chances of you living would have risen exponentially. Not to mention the amount of data that would have been collected would be more than ample to solve the case and ensure the Wright brothers never saw the light of day again.” Sherlock stated plainly, hands pressed together and tucked against the lower edge of his lips. His gaze was carefully blank “And that to me is arguably a reasonable amount of collateral damage.”
It was quite possibly the only goodbye they'd get. John felt his throat tighten, and pulled his younger sister into a tight and crushing embrace. The two of them hugged in the shadows where none could see them, two siblings different as night and day, and yet so similar in the way their cheeks reddened and eyes filled with tears. His voice was thick with emotion.
When John woke, it was to a cold sweat and an empty bed, the word Never hanging on his lips like the taste of old blood gone stale.
“Partly right on that one, Mr. Holmes, so we get to ask you a half question. John does have the potential brain of a genius, it's true, but I have a
But the Detective is already gone to the world, lost to the utter exhaustion of his own mind, and John finds himself suppressing a small smile. He turns to the closet, opening it softly to get a thick blanket from the top shelf and carrying it on tip-toe to the sleeping man before him. Perhaps it's his Mothering instincts from his years of taking care of younger children in the orphanages he had grown up in, but he can't stand the idea of anyone falling asleep in the cold. He drapes the material over Sherlock's too-thin shoulders and sighs to himself, pausing to tuck the edges underneath the warm body. The darkly-curled head doesn't stir during the entire process, his face completely slack and free of all arrogance and cold. In his dreamlike state, John thinks the Detective looks almost sad. There is an open expression of vulnerability in that face, hidden well by high cheekbones and well-crafted disguise. He frowns a little, wondering how with so many faces of his own, he hadn't seen Sherlock's true face right away. He vows from then on to watch the Detective more closely, if only to learn about him. To get to know him better.
He set out two mugs, the water just beginning to boil when quiet footsteps sounded behind him. Sherlock didn’t speak, but John could feel his gaze like a low burn on the back of his neck. He did his best to ignore it, the trembling in his hand his main focus as he went about trying to make sure he didn’t spill boiling water on himself.
Conversing with someone he wasn't sure if he actually knew, and beginning to sweat because he had no idea what the relationship might be between them if he did know him.
Those eyes, sweeping over John’s frame. Mycroft’s voice was quiet. “Do you know of Sherlock’s past? His past… relationships?” The word relationship sounded like too kind of a phrase.
When he opened his eyes, John found one of the straps of his harness broken, a nasty scrape stinging along the side of his left temple. He couldn’t seem to hear properly, everything ringing and whited out, not quite real. It was instinctive the way he knelt to unstrap his legs from his harness, to slide onto his feet. His knees shook- he had to lean against Sherlock’s hide in order to steady himself. The Dragon groaned, the sound a low rumble of irritation and pain as he painstakingly shrunk himself into a smaller form.
“A fight.” Xavi answered promptly. His voice was hollow. “They’ll take master and Dragon, and they’ll tell the Dragon to... kill or the both of them will be t-tortured.” He gritted his teeth at the last word, his eyes falling shut. Molly reached out a hand to Xavi, scared and sorry that she had made the Dragon relive his pain.
That was true. John didn't often show people his most prized possession. He wasn't quite sure why, only that even having Harry hold it at this moment filled him with a strange and tugging dread. He ignored the feeling, patting his sister lightly on the shoulder. Together, they left the confines of their small home, sandalled feet crunching softly in the yellow, dry grass.
“A puzzle,” Sherlock offered, willing to offer an olive branch of interest. He at least was mobile; he couldn’t imagine being almost entirely trapped in one room for hours at a time. “Serial suicides. Nothing linking them so far except the same poison taken.”
“You can’t control your Dragon, he doesn’t accompany you for these missions. If he’s not back by the time the sun rises, you’re going out on your own with the other men for this mission. Get dressed. Murray’s part of the group Morstan’s recruited and he’s already on his feet. We meet at the gate. Don't worry, if all goes well you’ll be back in time to care for that fugitive Dragon tonight.”
Moriarty’s smile was all teeth as he tilted his head in kind, shrugging his slim shoulders in response to Sherlock’s disapproval.  “Can you really blame me for playing? This one has
The curling smile returned, and in a strange mimicry of Sherlock's own posture, John cupped his hands under his chin in thought. Slowly, the detective sat himself down in the opposite chair, feeling as if for once he was facing someone who wasn't asleep like most of the rest of the world. His head tilted to the side in thought as Not-John didn't respond.
John couldn’t help but smile at the Selkie’s enthusiasm, coming to sit at the shoreline to take his shoes off and relax. The groceries in the car could wait for now, he thought.
The ex-army doctor blinked, stopping himself just before he turned to gape at the detective in shock.
“Who’s? I am no one’s.” John answered in confusion once he regained his composure, swallowing aside his own fear to make way for indignation. He drew himself to his full height, noticing with some annoyance that even so he still found himself looking up. The man’s pale blue robes were luminescent as he moved, and glittering trails of snow lined the long sleeves as he twirled the handle of his parasol thoughtfully. The man’s head tilted to the side in a flat, reptilian way.
it. If he truly believed his own words. The detective was very good at picking out liars, and so far, John's entire spoke painful, awkward honesty.
it was a test. All of it. Right down to the original invite. My job is to see whether or not you have made your Dragon into a suitable soldier for the army, and my conclusion from these events is that you
John’s face swam above him, but it was Daniel’s voice that spoke to him in concern. Clinical hands touched along his jaw, testing his responsiveness even as he greeted Sherlock back to the world of the living.
It was true he could barely remember anything of how he came to be here, or why he wasn't dead in the first place. He had almost been
“I know,” she rejoined, the faintest bit of humour warming her tone. “You should try to rest, Hajera. Once we collect Sherlock, it’ll be a long ride back to a private plane, and then a longer plane ride to an airport.”
It took John a moment to realise that Dodge was addressing him as opposed to Sherlock, his superior not caring to look the Dragon in the eye as she continued her inspection. He sucked in a deep breath and held it, counting to five before letting it go and responding. John had to remind himself that this was her job, and that Dodge didn't mean any offence in the way she so casually handled Sherlock. She may as well have been inspecting a sack of flour. Her hands were cold and impersonal as she felt along the Dragon's scapulae, resting along the intersection where flesh morphed into wing. Her expression remained indiscernible as she pressed through the silky material of his suit. After a moment or two, during which she picked at the slits that John had made for Sherlock in the back of his clothes, with a small smirk ordered crisply
Her smile was predatory, coy. John smiled nervously, tentatively taking a step backwards, bumping into the serpentine swish of her tail. Sally’s scales were hypnotic, colours that made his eyes want to cross in and out. He could see the lethality in her, the strength of her upper and lower body.
him, and he didn’t seem to shy away from the strange prince who liked looking human. There was only the fact that Mycroft found himself strangely tongue-tied when he looked at Greg, and the fact that he realised a moment after that they weren’t as alone as he’d thought.
To fix that, the army doctor sometimes purposefully baited him. When his friend's eyes would flash with the accepted challenge, John would inwardly cheer.
“Should I… instruct the servants not to disturb you? During the night, I mean…” Molly tucked a piece of her hair nervously over her right ear, gaze darting to the floor. Her hands were tightened together in knots, white-knuckled on the edges. It took a moment for Sherlock to realise what Molly was implying, and when he did he stiffened ever so slightly.
“She really likes you.” The Dragon commented. He set the bowl down, untying the apron to sling it over a single chair at the table. He gestured to the other one for Molly to take. “Tea?”
“Trusting Fae feels like playing with fire,” John retorted quietly, gazing out into the darkness. The grip on his weapon tightened, wood creaking under his hands. “It wasn’t too long ago they were
I am only human after all! Comments/kudos of course are always welcomed with love and cuddles, and I hope you enjoy! :D
Holding Molly, he thought he understood. There was something wonderful and strange about Dragons, something at once terrifying and magnetizing. There was an adrenaline, brushing elbows with something so dangerous, and a pride at earning their trust. As it was, he couldn't imagine ever purposefully hurting his own Dragon. Despite what everyone warned against, it was impossible to look into Molly's eyes and see nothing but a small and scared girl, and Mike knew that it was that reason that
He clapped John on the shoulder warmly, and the young man scowled and moved out of his tight grip. Looking down at the contract before him, he noticed a line of fine print and frowned.
He felt his back come into contact with the sand, and then the Dragon was upon him, teeth bared, going in for his jugular. For a moment, John felt as though the only thing he was aware of was his own heart, thudding dully in his ears. He felt those sharp canines, already bared brace against his skin, threatening to puncture like his throat was made of nothing but butter.
smell, all of Sherlock's thoughts came screeching to a halt. His pale blue eyes flicked to the standing figure, their pupils wide. The boy halted, freezing like a rabbit locking eyes with a fox.
Different hands once held him like this, pinned him in place. Sherlock's Adam's apple bobbed lightly, the only thing that gave away his inner stress. To his surprise, there was a soft voice filtering into his mind, and unwanted intrusion.
“Sherlock’s not back yet.” John objected, looking at the empty cot beneath his own. The finicky Dragon must have stayed out all night, a thought that made John’s insides twist with both annoyance and a hearty dose of guilt. He shouldn’t have pushed so hard…
“I assure you that you are in no danger. My employer merely wishes to speak with John. Nothing more. You could even go back to Sleep if you choose....”
“We're visiting Uncle Sean right now 'cause Hal's sick, but he says he'll get better. I hope we can go home soon though, I miss my friends…”
“There, now. Isn't that better? You'll hurt yourself if you pull on those too tightly, make your wrists bleed…”
The pup stated the last bit with as much disgust as pride, nose curling even as he preened slightly at John's gasp of amazement. The little boy's voice held in it a note of incredulity even as he looked at Sherlock with a mixture of amazement and wonder, voice holding a reverent note of enraptured fascination.
“You'll go in our order. We cannot tell our stories without one another, we're all connected. Starting with Claude was an interesting attempt, and to be applauded, but she's close to the end, truthfully. If you want answers, you start with me.”
John suffered with a smile through an hour’s worth conversation about bees- all mentally spoken as now and then one of the other Dragons interjected with their own opinions. Across from him, Bill wore a similarly pained expression. Though being a Thrall had some perks- being subjected to such banal topics that seemed to endlessly fascinate the Dragons wasn’t one of them.
“You’re beautiful like that, do you know?” John murmured, eyes trailing appreciatively down his partner’s lithe form. Dressing gown, an old tatty shirt and pyjama bottoms, yet he could make out under the clothes the subtle line of hard muscle, gained by traipsing through London at all hours of the night. There was an elegance in the way she lay, utterly exposed and yet artfully splayed like a cat displaying its belly for a petting. Unable to tear his gaze away from those plush lips, John found himself bending downwards, capturing the detective’s mouth in his own. Shyla arched into the contact, feeling strangely brave despite the fluttering of her heartbeat inside her ribs. Last time, she hadn’t been able to push past it, the wall that Sebastian had built in her psyche combined with the daunting feat of overcoming the wrongness felt in her body. Now, however there was only the first aspect to deal with, and with the growing weeks and months in which she touched John, trusted him, felt him the fear had begun to slow, dwindling to a trickle that would likely stay but be manageable. Sweeping her tongue tentatively over the seam of John’s lips, Shyla let out the smallest of moans, eyes fluttering shut even as John pushed forward, pressing hard kisses along her jawline and down the pale expanse of her throat. Shyla let him, gasping aloud when John’s soft lips parted way for teeth, sucking a bruise that made the detective want to squirm and her toes to curl.
Yet John stayed rooted to the spot, feeling a clawing horror crawling along his spine. For where there had once stood a weapons barack, proud and tall, now stood a smoking shell of a building. Thick, acrid smoke rose from it in the distance, far enough away that the pair had not been grievously injured. Closely enough however, that John could see the bodies, strewn along the sand like dolls tossed in every direction. Dragons, Humans, lying side by side, still as death.
the other simple ingredients, and as he made his way up the stairs he couldn't help but wonder if the other Dragons within the flat complex could smell it. Lord knows it had made him rather desensitized by the time he made it back to
After seven rings Conrad hung up. He could feel John's unconscious disappointment and slight hurt, but he had expected it. Truthfully from what he had observed this Sherlock character had proven to be unreliable.
"Feel free to visit my shop any time you need something, dear. I learnt much from your grandmother. Never let it be said that an old sea witch can't be useful every now and again."
“You nearly died,” Sherlock croaked. Though he didn’t mean for it to sound accusatory, it came out harsh like nails and brittle like glass. “You nearly
His lips parted, though what he was going to say was drowned out by the distant shriek of sirens. As it was, Daniel never let him finish. The man was already on his feet, John’s warm words in his mouth, mingled with a Scottish accent that to Sherlock had become nearly familiar.
, she could feel his caress, lingering across her shoulders. Comforting and warm. Wordlessly, she turned and curled into the wide, warm embrace. Her tears soaked the edges of her sibling's suit.
His friend's breathing was steady, even. No part of John twitched or shook or trembled, and he would have seemed asleep, if it weren't for the barest flickering of his eyes from beneath his closed lids. Sherlock mentally congratulated himself on a job well done, seeing his
John made his way back to his bed that night feeling sweaty and disheartened. Another day, another round of laps having been run. Still, he hadn’t been able to bring himself to shock Sherlock into submission. There was sand collecting in places that the young man wished he’d never experienced, and all in all he felt as though his emotional state had been tossed upon a cheese grater to die.
“As touching as this scene is, I do believe it is my cue to take my leave. Sherlock, I’ll trust you will update your acquaintances with what you’ve been told.”
Sherlock shouts up at John and Lestrade, gripping his curls and all but jumping up and down on the spot with impatience. Then, like a wound spring no longer able to stay in the same place he's off, lunging for the front door and nearly knocking Anderson to the ground in his haste. The sound of the hinges clicking shut are the last John's hears of him as for a moment he stands awkwardly, shuffling with his cane and dutifully avoiding Lestrade's gaze.
It had been so long since he had heard it, for a moment the army doctor wondered if he was hallucinating. He coughed and straightened from where he had fallen asleep in his chair, peering into the grey light of early morning. Sure enough though, his eyes confirmed what his ears already knew.
“We found them a few miles from the main city, sir. John Watson is definitely in critical position, but Sherlock appears to be merely suffering from severe heatstroke. I say “merely” only because by contrast John went into cardiac arrest before we landed.” She stated the last part dryly, as if it were an everyday occurrence in her profession. Mycroft supposed that in some ways it was.
Somehow, John felt he understood anyway. Taking the Veritum Fruit in his own hands, John bit into the flesh of the fruit. A sickly-sweet explosion of flavour erupted on his tongue, and the juice ran down his throat, purple-pink and sugary.
John barely felt the tingling in his arms, accounting it to not having used a gun in a while, to the crick of staying in one position. He might not have noticed it at all, had he refrained from taking a shower that night. Yet in the jet of lukewarm water it was impossible to miss and his eyes widened as he traced the pattern, now curling protectively up to his mid upper arm. Clockwork and snowflakes, geometric designs. All in dark blue ink.
The night fell with the temperature, dropping into coolness as John let himself stretch on the cottage’s front step, working the kinks out of his limbs. The sun was a bloody sphere in the sky, sinking down towards the horizon like a clock, silently ticking away towards darkness and the unknown. Leaning against the rail, John silently wondered just what his grandmother would have said, had she known that two of the creatures she so loved telling stories about were residing within the walls of her home. It was musing this thought that John didn’t notice the figure approaching the beach, not at least until Mrs Hudson’s cheerful voice called to him, a chirping,
“That was mean.” He giggled a little, suddenly liking Greg a lot more. The man grinned, completely unrepentant.
the way it is - Humans don’t last. Mortality is fragile. Sentiment, fleeting and false. You will soon find on your doorstep all manner of creatures, clamouring to get a look at the human that might bring rain once more onto the land. He cannot be uncouth, or cowardly. He needs to be
As if sensing his friend's suppressed excitement, Sherlock's wings twitched firework-green. The man continued, gaze sweeping over the crowd of soldiers critically even as he stepped forward, voice pitching itself with long-earned ease so that everyone could hear him without the slightest of problem.
He let loose a roar that seemed to shake the very sand beneath him. Sherlock, uncaring of how it pained him, threw open his wings. He caught the air, speeding towards John even while in the pit of his lungs ice sprung forth, steaming as it came into contact with desert heat.
Human. Not any more.” His tone was not exactly bitter, more accepting. The ex-army doctor headed up, the stairs creaking in his absence and leaving the Gem on the sofa in the dark.
It gave him something he could fix, as nothing seemed to fix the woman he had once known as mummy. Nothing could stop her from missing their father, who had abandoned them.
“Veritum Fruit.” Sherlock murmured, still lost in the fast-paced explanations he seemed to favour. Pale fingers twitched over John’s smaller, tanned ones. “The chemical properties of the fruit create a relaxant of the mind, and its juice can be concentrated to make a truth serum. It’s also been used as a sleeping draught to give vivid and bewildering dreams.”
As if sensing his hesitation, Sherlock brought John back to the present by turning the wrist he still gripped over gently. His hands were like ice, and yet they burned the boy's skin. His long fingers traced the vein of John's wrist, and the little boy gasped as underneath his skin, his blood began to glow blue. Sherlock slowly brought his friend's wrist to his lips, mouth parting to reveal sharply edged teeth. The
there is, Spirits and humans interact all the time.” He nodded then, jumping to his feet. “It’ll require calling in a favour from
screech at John like a banshee when the little boy tried to tug at her hair to see if it felt like seaweed.
The beauty and strangeness of it had left a strange ache in the young man’s heart, a loneliness he couldn’t describe. If even the night sky was different here, then what hope did he have that he might ever catch a glimpse of something to remind him of his humble village so far away?
Sherlock paused, uncertain of crossing into someone else's territory. On the one hand, he could feel the temptation to enter like a physical pull in his gut, yet his honor demanded that he be invited in, even if it was a Human's domain. After all, he was no “savage” even if his senses told him otherwise. It would be like someone just entering
That would be how John described it, being suddenly dragged towards the ocean like he weighed no more than a feather. The hands that gripped his shoulders were unmerciful and made of iron as they pulled, causing a cry to wrench itself from his lips as shooting sparks rippled over the scar that was well-hidden under a layer of jumpers. His cry of pain was ignored, drowned by the roaring of the waves that suddenly sent icy shocks through the soldier's system.
Mycroft had still chosen to help them, even when it turned out they didn’t have his book. He also wanted to know how a Dragon seemed to be pulling all of the strings behind what was turning out to look like a major-scale operation.
John had swallowed in response to the news, his hands clenching in his bedsheets. His voice was hoarse.
“Sherlock...” The Dragon closed his eyes as John leaned forward, pressing a kiss to his inky curls. The touch was like fire. Brilliant. Scalding.
“It's time to stop the gaaaaaame of ignorance, Ice Man. The jig is up, and we know your hand. So we've come to make our move. We know you've been watching us from the beginning, and you know we in turn have been making puzzles to distract your
Of all the people at Eton, all the other students that Sherlock had yelled at, openly eviscerated, mocked, he never regretted hurting someone as deeply as he had regretted hurting Victor Trevor.
He knew this, first of all because as he dove underwater he found himself accosted by several other dark bodies. Shining, twisting creatures moving effortlessly about him, nudging him forward when he hesitated to swim. Secondly, because his vision was in shades of black and white, and though slightly blurred on land beneath the waves could pick out each individual freckle of his pod mate's as they twisted and played, pups just having grown out of their fluffy coats. He swam from a distance, not quite with them yet near enough that one or two occasionally circled back to greet him, chirping brightly in a noise that somehow translated into a song to the man's ears.
All of a sudden, she was addressing him, tone sharp in an order. Sherlock complied without thinking, his mind beginning to meld itself painfully back into the subservient mentality he
His hand touched the water, but it didn’t go through. Instead, John felt as if he were touching glass. His vision faded, washed out with white. He’d never been very good at heeding anyone’s warnings not to dive in head-first.
So when Mycroft kidnapped him on the eve of a snowy winter only a few weeks after Sherlock had taken in his rock, John shifted nervously on the smooth upholstery of the elder Holmes' car. In a moment he was driven to a secure location, an abandoned warehouse of some kind. Grey and concrete and stoic, it stood in the London rain a demure cemetery, holding a colder shadow. This time, John wasn't wary or particularly on edge. Still, he knew that if Mycroft was calling, then something was up. He had the uncomfortable sensation that it had something to do with Sherlock. Then again, nearly everything in the good doctor's life did.
But it was something, and both of them shivered as they felt the others' presence like a fire just running underneath their skin. Not burning, but
John’s face scrunched into a look of suspicion and confusion, as if he wondered if this was some kind of trick question. His tone of voice made Sherlock feel stupidly foolish as he responded, his voice laden with what could only be described as blatant incredulity.
John was only a little surprised when Mycroft translated for his brother, impassive brow raised in amusement. He watched as Sherlock’s head tilted to the side, reptilian and curious. John licked his lips before continuing.
“For this lesson I am putting Murray in charge. I am currently expected at a meeting with higher-ups to discuss how to better protect the compound. Murray-”,Wilkes pulled a radio from the waistband of his uniform, tossing it in the air where Bill caught it with ease, “-should anything go wrong, do not hesitate to contact me. Although I expect you can handle some
He thought to himself it’d be peaceful, if only for a moment he could not worry about blinking, about breathing.
) great grey clouds rolled into the sky, the moon that once washed out the square below becoming veiled as darkness descended over Recheinbach like a still breath. Like an eerie marionette show, everyone's dancing stopped. All heads turned expectantly towards the platform with the Water-Spirit standing, his palms turned up towards the heavens. Like a shivering whisper, the town chanted under their breaths, the sound like thousands of locusts humming just under the skin.
I'd really rather not miss lunch if at all possible, and we have to go out on patrol later on today.”
, John Watson. Do tell me, do you plan on just letting him? Of giving up your life here, the people you’ve grown with?”
of the Dragons he'd seen. But maybe that was because he was trying to find some semblance of connection with
” It was clear then that Rania knew it was not John’s name, and the young man swallowed even as the girl grinned in Dodge’s direction. “We knew he could be trusted with this mission, and so few in court these days bear that badge any longer. Ryuk has a clairvoyant presence, but the deceit that goes on in my palace creates a nest of vipers, some deadly and others benign. Everyone has secrets, harmful or just necessary, and so I thought to bring in outside help.”
After spending so much time chasing after a serial murderer, getting kidnapped by strange black cars (a black spot he dreaded to consider the meaning of) and watching a fake drugs bust, he felt almost unused to the silence as he stared at the menu before him, figuring out what he wanted to eat. His eyes rove over the long list of titles, dishes he could scarcely pronounce much less hope stomaching, but always his irises found themselves drawn to the top of that curly head of hair. When Sherlock had told him the last time they were at a restaurant that he was “married to his work”, John in truth had been more than a little bit relieved. Not that he had a problem with the idea of his flatmate being in a relationship with anyone, but because of the simple fact that hiding his secret was difficult enough without another set of eyes observing him. He had been embarrassed and more than a little bit amused that Sherlock had thought him to be flirting with him, but he had to be forward in order to be certain that there was no one else he would be required to fool on a regular basis. Still, his memory kept flicking to the wide-eyed almost shy expression the Detective had worn when he had assumed that John was asking him out. It had been a momentary break in his usual mask of cold determination, and the soldier wondered to himself if he could get that kind of vulnerability out of the man without having to awkwardly romanticise him. Because John knew one thing as he decided upon having the crispy beef with rice, that he was not looking for something like a lover.
The fact was, Sherlock's stomach was almost pulling itself into knots just staring at the promising plate. He had the ghost of the flavour still on his lips, and like a particularly potent poison, one taste wasn't enough. He wanted more, and the Dragon realized that perhaps he has been played into a rather genius catch twenty-two. Sherlock peered more closely at the unassuming Human before him, wondering if perhaps he was staring at some kind of strange genius underneath the rather ugly oatmeal jumper in which the soldier was clad.
He'd lie, using an alias for a name instead of the one he identified with. He'd whisper it in her ear even as he'd lead her away from the club and towards her car waiting outside.
the visceral strength in the claws that pinned him down, like a thousand trucks hovering just over his windpipe, threatening to snap it like a twig. His heart pulsed wildly in his ears, screaming in his system as he realized just how much danger he had put himself in. He struggled savagely, trying to kick out at the beast and not gaining any foothold while scrambling to remember his Military training. His chest began to heave in panic, ribs creaking as his lungs desperately begged for more air than he was being given. He could feel fear threatening to overtake him and send his mind into chaos like a whirling dervish.
The soldier tried not too look to guilty as his hands went subconsciously towards the inside of his jacket where the
John stroked his thumbs soothingly over the Dragon's prominent cheekbones, face softening from his fierce expression into something gentle and sad.
She gestured to the many piles of cushions that surrounded her throne, taking her own seat gracefully as John, Dodge and Cerioth each made themselves comfortable. The pillows smelled of spices- jasmine and clove, and John resisted the urge to sneeze valiantly even as he cross his legs, facing the Queen cautiously. Rania herself say delicately, high-born through and through in her mannerisms, even in the way she offered each a cup of tea from a steaming porcelain teapot. It was a beautiful thing, painted with swirling designs of birds and flowers. The tea itself made John’s throat warm with comfort, and he tasted long-forgotten flavours of chai and oolong.
The detective ignored him, nudging John's slippers towards his bare feet even as he looked up at him with piercing blue eyes.
Tilting her head to the side, the curly haired girl asked with the seriousness of a man asking the secrets to the pentagon “How does one play?”
Still, the fact that the Dragon hadn’t yet been once able to allow John upon his back admittedly was a stinging blow. Though the young soldier didn’t think himself some kind of Dragon expert, he was fairly certain that Sherlock for the most part at least, was happy under his care. In the rather messed up, broken hand of cards that life had given both of them, he liked to think that at the very least they had managed to reach the best possible solution given the circumstances. It wasn’t like John was asking for much, really. Was it? He just didn’t want to bloody hurt his friend because his superiors demanded it! Still, it was obvious the whole endeavour was wearing on all of the Dragons. Mike had finally given in the other day, only under Molly’s quiet pleading of
of them got distracted. Mostly by each other. That aspect of their relationship still sometimes threw John, despite its frequent occurrence. He’d wander into the living room, or perhaps the kitchen, and Sherlock wouldn’t be doing anything out of the ordinary. He’d still yell at the television, still sulk on the couch if there was no case to be had or Lestrade was being particularly difficult. Yet John would look at him, and a wave of affection would well up unbidden.
itself against its walls in an experimental kind of way, kind of like a giant cat. It made a small, pleased sound at whatever result it got in response, inhaling deeply along the line it had just made in the crumbling wallpaper. The beast had sort of whiskers at the end of its muzzle, and they moved as it brushed against the beaten walls.
The more he looked, the less answers he found. There was nothing particularly interesting about the man lying before him, even as he coasted above the world on his cloud. Nothing except for the fact that his face was particularly expressive, if a bit ordinary. The kind of face one would likely forget in a crowd, at least when it was lax with sleep like it was now. Sherlock could imagine the man's scowl, and how he had been able to see that John would not have had any problems attempting to wrap his hands about his throat had he thought he'd stood a chance. The memory of the fire that had lingered in the man's eyes made Sherlock rethink the idea of
Like a screeching intersection filled with cars all going different directions, there was a silence as loud as a
, and could bend and flex to the point where suddenly he became firm steel. He was strong where Sherlock's weak points lay, and he could deal with the Dragon's anger, that much was
The mermaid laughed, eyes crinkling with delight. She kicked her tail energetically.“Only the creatures that can’t be on land, human.”
Sherlock spoke over the man’s babbling firmly and quietly, holding his partner in place with one arm. John stilled, looking up at Sherlock with an apology and trepidation on his features. It was little wonder why, given the detective’s tendency towards panic-attacks in previous encounters were Sherlock identified as, well, Male.
The man grinned at the use of his surname, eyeing the woman before him in such a way that made Dodge's fists tighten minutely and her voice come a little sharper as she added.
It was such an honest admittance, John licked along the line of his teeth, blinking. Sherlock was often an incredibly hard man to read, not prone to bursts of sentiment, emotion. Yet he looked at John then with an expression that promised honesty, and in that moment, the ex-army doctor wanted to believe it. Still, he felt a twist inside of him, a warning in the back of his mind. He had never shared all of this, any of this, with anyone. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust Sherlock, God no. He would willingly without thought, trust the detective with his very life.
relieved that Sherlock was acknowledging him, or guilty because he had obviously done something wrong.
for the Dragon found much to his surprise (although given his own nature he probably shouldn't have been) that his daughter was rather possessive about her claims. Elena was making contented little growling noises, which turned into a rather fearsome little snarl as her Mother's hands came to wrap about her middle. As Sherlock tried to pry her teeth free from John's neck the baby squalled and kicked, purplish wings flaring wide, obstructing the detective's view (much to his irritation). Sherlock's voice was deep, rumbling and chastising, and he spoke to his daughter as if she were being exceedingly unreasonable.
On autopilot the ex-army doctor followed, mumbling a confused goodbye to the inspector. He struggled to keep up with Sherlock’s frenzied, long-legged pace, the detective seeming to at once demand he come and yet wish to lose him.
The young man could honestly say that in that moment, he'd never felt better. Despite his ragged robe and his now purpling brow, Mary looked at him as if he came from the finest village in all the land just to lay eyes on her. And because it was a festival of love and because it was a festival for people to gain courage, John did a rather brave thing. He found himself gathering his bravery, squaring his shoulders, and holding out his hand, asking Mary wordlessly to be his date.
John hedged, trying to find an excuse. But it was clear that Mike was convinced he needed socialisation, and in a kind but misguided attempt at help he wouldn't be deterred. The man stood firm against John's evasions, and when the army doctor finally made the rather frail excuse that "he didn't have anything to bring" Mike finally rolled his eyes and interrupted.
However her terror receded when she found she could smell him, his presence still in the flat. Next to a stranger's
“We burn it then, if it doesn’t have anything. Count our losses and move forward, make sure no one else gets their hands on this kind of information.” There was a prolonged, tense silence. Cerioth almost gave up hope for anything else, until Bill’s voice uttered harsh agreement.
He realized then at that moment he had been staring at Sherlock for far longer than he had intended. That the Detective was staring back at him just as fixedly, a small amused smile torquing one corner of his mouth.
John had not always been a fan of fitness. As a boy he’d been rather lazy, a strong preference for indoors and books making him tend towards a bit of chub and a lack of general confidence. Rugby had changed that, his dad fearing that if he left his son to his own devices he’d soon fuse into the couch.
“Must be rough out on the streets in this cold… Don’t tell me you’re too keen to be out in that rain already?” Blue eyes narrowed and a bowed lip huffed, and Greg fought a small smile as Sherlock reluctantly responded. Their words however sucked whatever joy the D.I found in getting them to react out of it.
And in the quiet of night, Sherlock shifted, did what his instinct wanted him to do, and made a nest out of the sheets, pulling John so that he was lying on the other side of the egg. His Mate. His child.
John watched after nearly an hour of gentle coaxing as Molly curled herself around Mike, sobbing into his neck like a small child and winding her tail about his middle protectively. She begged forgiveness, trying to explain in broken English why she had reacted that way and what had made her scared. Clutching to him like she didn't want to let go, her voice came in a high and broken rasp that sounded so small and scared for something with so much killing potential. Though her grammar wasn't perfect, both men understood enough that John's hands tightened into fists for the tiny, sweet dragon and Mike's cheeks flushed red in unspeakable anger.
“On behalf of the other Alters and myself, we ask for your forgiveness. It was uncalled for, and it will not happen again. We wish to make it so that not only can you pick up on the signals for if you are in danger again, but to tell you more about... certain aspects of our existence.”
She laughed callously at him, but John found himself no longer annoyed. Instead, he was filled with a strange and heavy sadness. Absently, his fingers found his way to his pocket, where he grasped the polished edge of The Stone.
Soo Lin did not look particularly surprised at the diagnosis, dark eyes flicking delicately over to the Northern's glowering form. She didn't flinch from Sherlock's heated glare, but she was careful not to step within his personal space even as she gestured for the two soldiers to follow.
Dragon's problem from the start has been obvious. Loyalty. He lacks it in spades. I read his file and your Dragon has had a total of
Sherlock lifted his head like a puppet jerked by its strings. His voice was low, a rumble of thunder.
And bombs whistled through the air, but they weren't really bombs. They were his people, aggressive and half-starved and spitting curses at him, lunging for his throat and snarling insults. He ripped their throats out even as their thoughts screeched at him, denouncing his honour and his pride.
It felt as though a steel rod that had been speared in through his windpipe had been removed at those words. The detective felt the honesty in the sentence, and he had to work to hide his completely unprofessional smile of gratitude. He turned back towards the window, pretending to watch the London traffic buzz by even as he smothered the further questions humming in his brain.
Sherlock startles at the question, eyes roving over John once in a moment of scrutiny so intense that the Doctor finds his ears turn a little red from its touch. After a moment though it cools down to a low burning ember, and the Detective turns back to his phone, which seems to have become permanently attached to his hand. His fingers fly over the screen which illuminates his face in pale pallor, casting eerie shadows across his cheekbones.
The rest of the Watson family made their way into the tiny cabin, oblivious to the haunting tune that bubbled just under the water's surface. Deaf to the packs of sleet-grey bodies undulating underneath the surface, singing a song only their ears could hear. Calling one another as they made their way deeper into the waters.
Sherlock watched as John blinked, a slow and uncomprehending gesture. The detective sighed through their teeth as if the effort to move pained them, sitting up slowly to flick John an expression that could only be described as exasperation. The fan of their lashes fluttered in irritation.
For five minutes there was only tense muttering, embracing, and the panicky, sinking feeling of having something unnameable and fragile dissolve in one's fingers like sand. John counted his breaths, forcing them to be even, even as Sherlock's breathing became more panicked and hiccuped, reaching hyperventilation. The Dragon after ten agonising minutes let out a pained moan through their teeth, John watching as Sherlock's skin rippled, becoming brilliant scales before slipping back into his Human charade. His partner's tail curled about them, lashing in as much desperation as in fear.
“I’m… afraid of a lot of things, lately. Afraid of you, afraid of sleeping… just… afraid," he admitted.
Because it was also extremely evident that for all of the creature's power and energy, the Dragon was unwell. Its ribs were like rows of shelves on its side, and John was sure that if he could touch them he could fit an entire hand in the space between. The creature's scales shifted as it slept with flashes of pained red, and there was a steady stream of foggy breath as the Dragon panted in its sleep. Then there was the arching forms of its wings, which looked if possible worse off than he had originally thought. The black, sluggish fluid that the wound had been oozing covered most of the creature's back, and spread just over its shoulder in a greasy, sickly kind of way. It looked like motor oil after it had been used.
John felt a stab of panic, but it didn’t have time to get far. He jumped as a blaze of lightning pierced the sky, striking the ground in a blinding flash of light a few feet from them. Moran leapt in the air, snarling and howling. The howling turned into maniacal laughter as the wolf turned and ran, loping off into the distance of the dream. He left a trail of blackened earth, as if scorched by his presence. Sherlock didn’t let John away from his side until he was sure the wolf was gone. When he had disappeared, the relief was palpable. Sherlock slumped, turning to John and wordlessly dragging him away from the encounter. John didn’t argue, sensing the urgency in Sherlock’s posture. His mouth was filled with questions, but he swallowed them back. He didn’t think he’d be getting an answer.
John's gaze did not waver. Neither did his hands as they drew from Sherlock's face to rest on his shoulders gently. The Dragon realised with some surprise that the shaking that blurred everything was coming from him.
John wasn’t sure how much faith he put in questionable information from a very old book of fairytales, but he did know that Sherlock looked uncharacteristically earnest in his desires. Like a child requesting to play outside in the rain, the Selkie shifted from foot to foot, eyes luminous and hopeful in the dark. Sighing to himself, John recognised that for the next while at least, he was probably going to have to get used to being nocturnal.
Though all Sherlock wanted to do was hide away in the many folds and passageways of his own thoughts within the sanction of his room, it appeared that the army doctor had been quietly seething much like a kettle set to boil for most of the evening. Inevitably, something had to pop.
The cornering in the library had been the start. When Seb had casually mentioned that he'd seen how well Sherlock did in his classes, and how he needed to get his grades up so that his family wouldn't be on his back. Sherlock had kindly told him to
Around them, the dregs of the dream had begun to fade completely. The people were no more than ideas, sketches and concepts of houses surrounding them. John felt like he could reach up and touch them, and they’d dissolve like smoke. The longing he felt for his family, for his village and its people left a tightness in his throat.
Every human being on this planet, everyone who might hurt her or take her or think she's some kind of
The detective grinned widely like he had just been given a Christmas present all tied up with silver bows and bells at the admittance. His hands came rest briefly on his knee before they reached for his cup, sipping his tea even though it had begun to go cold in its saucer.
“Can’t really see the future, can I? I’m just… me.” The soldier laughed somewhat nervously, reaching to scratch the back of his head. The heat in the Dragon’s gaze cooled, and likewise Rania’s expression melted from serious to playful. Her voice took on a warm edge that somehow set his stomach churning.
Essentially they are packets with a gel in them that immediately perform cooling action when they're squeezed or the gel is moved around inside of them. If he straps them to his chest, his core will remained colder longer. Common practice for Northerns, but you have to ask for them to be issued out since the government never encourages anything useful, you know how it is. In the meantime though John, I have a patient in the back that's suffering something awful from a broken collar-bone. We patched it up but he's still complaining, and being a
The next morning dawned for John with no return from Sherlock, and Dodge standing in his tent with her hands on her hips, kicking the side of his bed. Her expression was mildly annoyed as John sat up, blinking blearily into the dark of twilight.
The muttering broke then into another language, one that Sherlock identified after a moment as Dari. It was very clear then just where John thought he was, and Sherlock found his hands raised in a clear sign of surrender, even as he inched forward.
Mrs. Hudson did not flinch, not even when Sherlock began to breathe mist about her. It floated around the room, fogging her vision and sending cool prickles of moisture to settle on her skin. She resisted the urge to shiver, standing her ground despite the Dragon's size and fury. She had learned that with those that were trying to bully, their bark was often worse than their bite. Though she somehow didn't think this creature made a habit of it, there was no doubt now that Sherlock was doing everything in his power in order to force her to subjugate.
He knew it because it lingered under his own skin, under layer after layer of stoicism that came with having no other option but to stand and take the world as it came. It was survive or starve, and the Dragon knew it too.
Then Sherlock fell silent, a suspicious expression crossing his features as he didn't see John's face turn dark or glowering. Instead, all he felt was slight disbelief and awe radiate from the soldier, and in a cautious tone the Dragon asked
“You knew that would be his answer.” She said, and though it was true it didn’t stop Irene’s gut from churning. Her lips tightened into a thin white line of displeasure. Kate’s thumb ran soothing circles over Irene’s hand, the two of them coming to the shade of the tree.
even more. The exact thing he had tried to avoid had come true, and he couldn’t have stopped it even if he had seen it coming, which he was ashamed to admit he hadn’t.
Though it was summer the evenings were still a little chilly, and John shivered slightly before turning away to look at his grandma with large, greedy eyes. The blue in them appeared bluer, filled with barely-suppressed excitement.
Not waiting for an invitation, Sherlock rose, crossing the room to drag John bodily over to the edge of the bed. In a tumble of limbs and blanket, his
With rugby, came interval drills. Fast running, coupled with short breaks, so that one’s heart struggled to adjust to the pace and so worked harder. John loved it with a burning passion, because it made him unable to
“You were experiencing a nightmare.” Sherlock hissed, even as he felt his heart pound. John was somehow pushing him aside. His body was moving willingly. Why was it moving willingly? The detective wasn't sure. If he had to hazard a guess, he might say it was shock.
“James is in Foster Care? I think that’s what he called it….He lives in the care home a few blocks away from school….”
The darkness came to claim him, and as he fell limp in Sherlock’s arms the Water-Spirit’s own eyes closed, ducking his head and feeling a shame that he had not felt in a very long time quake deep within his bones. What had happened this afternoon, it would never happen again. The Water-Spirit made this promise to himself, even as he lay John down on the silken covers, unable to get the image of the Human’s bleeding knees out of his mind even as he stared at the healed limbs before him. John slept on, unaware that he was being watched, unaware that Sherlock was remembering him earlier, shouting and snarling, a terrier taking on a bear and believing victory would be at hand. In a way, he had won, and the matter sat on Sherlock’s shoulders uncomfortably.
Sherlock.” John answered honestly, because he didn’t. He did not know what was going on in his friend's mind, other than the fact that Iolite had admitted that the detective liked to spend time with him, and perhaps a bit more. Sherlock himself didn't seem to know, and the detective seemed equal parts frustrated and infuriated by the fact.
Except it wasn't the same, panicked quivering of fear when he had contemplated being alone or being sent back to the kennels.
a Kennel to pick a breed. He groaned as he looked about the empty flat before him, hardly daring to believe that the military had paid to have it bought for him. The benefit of being in the Army during wartime he supposed, but it was certainly a step up from where he had once lived. District Three was a military-based area in central London, and John had used to be able to just make out the outline of it at sunrise from his bedroom window. Now he stood inside the empty flat before him and winced at the loud sound of traffic coming from the outside window, and wondered if the place didn't feel just a little bit lonely and too large for him.
“And? From what I’ve learned at least, you’ve refused to visit for years now. You can do that now, you know. I wouldn’t blame you, given your history.”
Xavi smiled softly, his dark eyes crinkling at the edges. In his arms, he carried a bundle wrapped in what looked to be a fluffed, mint-green blanket. Sherlock couldn’t help but stare, it having been a long time since he’d seen a Hatchling so young. His mouth felt dry, and with gravity he murmured, “It would seem congratulations are in order. At least, I’m told that’s what most people do with this kind of news.”
“John, don't focus on that one, do you hear me?” The detective's tone was immediately sharp, already guessing
“They wanted to cheer me up, I wanted to go home but Daniel said I couldn't, so we went to the park to play.” More quietly then the little girl added after a moment's hesitation “And John didn't want to be in charge any more.” Then, Claude looked up with an earnest expression that was filled with desperation.
). Mrs. Hudson stared at it wide-eyed for a moment, her voice falling silent as she came to hear the rumbling growl that vibrated through the very floorboards of the flat. She turned back towards the couch as she came to notice that a pair of fierce blue-green eyes glared at her in outrage from behind the shadow of the couch.
“It is the most humiliating thing a Dragon can do, to lower themselves to the position of a pack mule.”
asking until he read about them. By the end of the night, he found that he had learned more about Dragons in a single evening than he had in the
of them would be an injustice, but John privately suspected that his friend was actually terrified of
At this, Xavi turned to look at John in surprise. He was so shocked, that the young Dragon forgot it wasn’t customary to look at someone of a higher station than themselves directly. He shook his dark curls, still damp and plastered to his forehead, as if negating John’s claim.
that slowly drained when he once again saw the flickering embers lying in his fireplace. Staring at the cold, lonely walls of his home, he leaned back into the seat and sighed, passing a hand over his face before reaching to turn the gold ring that rested on his finger. Pale blue eyes stared off into the distance, seeing at a scene that was no longer reality, melting away into the vagueness of memory. He sighed under his breath, wishing he could clutch at the flickering shreds of the dream, the yellow fading to ashen grey with the light of morning peeking through the curtains.
“You like my voice.” Sherlock stated, and it was not a question. John’s breath hitched, and blue eyes focused on the detective’s face, a look of pained pleasure crossing his features. Sherlock deliberately let his voice drop, becoming whisper-soft and deep.
Sherlock hissed fiercely, blue eyes flashing as he turned to glare down at the hateful expanse of the village below him. Its round wall attempted to arch high into the sky, as if to touch his cloud, but the Water-Spirit couldn't help but notice how pitiful its construction was. Really, at the first sign of attack, Recheinbach as well as all of the villages in the East wouldn't stand even a hair's-breath of a chance. Utterly dull. Sherlock's elder brother sighed, and in his hand there materialised a frosted handle, it's curving umbrella spanning crystalline over his head.
“They thought it'd be a fun game, to force The Freak to undress in front of them. Luckily a prof that for some reason had taken a liking to me interrupted before it got too far.”
But most of all, Sherlock hoped that he wouldn't see the bruises lining the teen's throat, wouldn't question how Sherlock flinched with his overly-friendly touches and cheerful demeanor.
Because for an instant, he was cracked open and exposed to John Watson, and John Watson was exposed and cracked open to him. And they were one in the same as their thoughts flowed freely through each other, shivering and expanding into a heat that was at once scalding as it was nurturing. It was the beginning of a Bond Bite, and Sherlock was never,
The deck was half-rotted through, upon closer inspection. Mould riddled the wood green and grey and black, sinking deep into the organic material and creating asymmetrical rings of multicoloured damage. John eyed it reluctantly, blue eyes critical even as he rose back to his full height with a groan and a twinge of pain along his knee. He would have to get the wood of the deck replaced, he decided, or come a few months there would be mice burrowing into the soft frame of the house. As much as John didn't mind sharing the cottage, it felt strangely sacrilegious to let his grandmother's memory be desecrated in any way. It meant a walk into town, though, and the prospect caused John's nose to wrinkle involuntarily in distaste.
“You owe me at least a blowjob for that.” Sherlock sighed, breathing through the cigarette clenched between his teeth. His hands tightened about the bag holding a needle and powder, glaring up at the stars overhead. They looked down impassively, ambivalent to the exchange happening below. In the cold night air, Sherlock felt a shudder he fought to suppress. His voice was resigned. Caustic.
. Impossibly, she had prayed and hoped it would be enough. Still here she was, and she could now see that the army doctor was reaching a breaking point, and that Sherlock did not look well. Not at all. He looked... well he looked like a ghost. Like chalk. Used and powdery and fragile.
It took John only a moment to recognise what the harness was for. He felt his stomach drop out from under him in awe as Andy a moment later mounted his dragon, leg swinging over her serpentine side. The harness, a flight seat- had a bright red cross painted on its front.
Sherlock doesn't answer the phone. In fact he ignores it completely at first, hands folded in front of his face in calculation, fingers tapping gently on opposite knuckles as he stared hard at the folder sitting on the table before him. His dark curls glint with the late morning sunshine streaming hatefully through his window, making him appear to me almost ethereal save for his blue eyes piercing the seemingly offensive slip of paper before him. Across the room from him Mycroft smiles falsely, hands tapping on his umbrella imperiously as one eyebrow lifted in amusement. When he speaks his voice has the chill of Winter edging it on, but it's frosted edges have little effect on the made made of sunlight before him. Like Night and Day they face each other, opposite sides of the same coin. Sherlock tries to ignore the irony in the fact that compared to his older brother, he is the lighter presence.
“I am not going to fuck you. Not now. Or ever. But, you do not disrespect my own domain. I will not be kind, I will be abrasive and frustrating and
Curled in his arms, the detective's exhaustion had won out, his limbs falling slack. The egg crooked in his elbow, the Dragon hadn't even stirred when his daughter began wiggling. Shaking. Shifting.
When he closed his eyes, silencing the frantic thrumming of his own heart, he thought he could hear laughter. A golden bell of a chuckle ringing through his head in a song.
, just saying it. Like a valve being loosened to let healing water in. Sherlock’s eyes slipped closed, preparing for questions and yet heart oddly calm. Everything was at once filled with panic and peace. It was a long stretch of quiet, and then the sound of Arthur slowly tapping out the ashes of his pipe onto the side of the swing. His voice was gentle, so gentle it made Sherlock want to shake.
John’s Adam’s apple bobbed as he took in the words, steadying himself. Right then. Children of water. It would explain the storm outside, still raging on as if it intended to throw John to the depths of a watery grave.
this Human wanted, and as Sherlock tried to analyse the answer, he found a frustratingly blank wall. The soldier showed no desire for anything except being able to approach him, and Sherlock didn't
Eventually, he found himself shoved roughly, kneeling and panting heavily before the tall wraith of a man who hadn't once lost sight of him in the fight to his feet. For a moment, John could only stare at the silver sandals the man wore, hands kneading the ground uselessly as he fought for breath. His heart pounding heavily in his head, and somewhere Harry was shrieking his name.
of meaning no harm. However his hands ticked in constant movement, and his eyes glittered with held-back comments and thought.
Amusement had left John, replaced by unease. Mycroft wasn’t one to scare easily, and yet it was clear now that he was tired and stressed, though he concealed it well. There were dark circles under Mycroft’s eyes, and beside him an empty paper cup sat. His hands came to twist the ring he habitually wore, a faint nervous tic.
It was the hand that reached out and gripped his, that cut through that fear. John’s head was underwater, but through the blurring image the water gave his stinging eyes, he saw the fingers embracing his own were glowing, a pulsing and steady gold. It was warm, a point of light that broke through blackness. Inhuman strength pulled him upwards, freeing him from the water’s prison. John gasped in lungfuls of air as his head broke above the waterline, eyes watering as he looked up at the tall, feminine figure that still gripped his arm. The Gem he had been trying to piece back together so it could regenerate. He vaguely recognised her, even as he coughed out lungfuls of water.
John could sense the twist of the man’s words behind him, how it felt like his captor was smiling. He swallowed, keeping his gaze trained on Sherlock’s shoes.
old, at least a few years, and she reasoned that maybe that was the reason he did not cringe away from her touch. His voice was level as he spoke again, and his voice was light and air.
As the pup spoke, the water around his figure began to pulse from seemingly within. It shone a white-blue, John feeling the water heat slowly around him like a bathtub. The little boy gasped, making as if to move away. However, Sherlock's hand shot out like a flash, catching the boy by the wrist. When John turned to look at the
It was telling enough that the children around her cowered like scared lemmings, shrieking and clawing at the ground as if the girl before them were some kind of demon. One boy cowered, holding his hands up in the air as if in defence. His groaned in mock-terror.
“He'd later find out their name. Selkies. Beautiful creatures, the sirens of the deep. Disguised in the coats they wear over their skin. They look like seals in th' day, but at night they swim t' shore. He saw them, in the moonlight that evenin'. Dancin' on the beach in the distance, laughin' and singin' their strange alluring song. Especially one figure in particular, the one who noticed him starin'.”
He dreamt that he was falling. From where exactly, John hadn't the faintest idea. Yet he could feel himself tumbling downwards, into a place that was dark and unknown. It was like he was floating, coasting into a velvety sort of night. Distantly, he could hear someone or something singing, humming in his ear although he could not make out the words. It was a strange song, the lyrics he sensed did not rhyme, and yet there was rhythm to it that made it melodic, and it sounded like the most beautiful thing the boy had ever happened to listen to. Though he did not know the name of the tune, he did know its singer. He knew he did, although the name could not come to him. It was tasted on his lips, like the strong scent of an orange rind. Sharp and tangy.
of annoyance. The detective's eyes flashed, wildly darting about as if looking for some kind of escape, but finding none they inevitably landed on John's face, his shoulders and how they were set in determination.
Sherlock's mouth was actually parted in stunned surprise. The Selkie found himself staring at the hunched figure of a man that a moment ago he had believed had left to never return, years older from the memory of the boy he had stored away in the depths of his mind.
the shades of his moods as much as his scales in a way, shifting from cloudy grey to curious turquoise upon John's return. The Dragon inhaled deeply, nose crinkling in distaste as he caught a whiff of the strong oil-soaked rag. John couldn't suppress the chuckle that left his throat as like a petulant toddler, the Dragon scooted away from him and crossed his arms over his bare chest.
Instead he licked his lips when she wasn't looking and went for another piece, carefully gathering data about John's strange housekeeper (Whatever
whelp, this is essentially where the story truly begins :D Sorry for the long wait, I hope everyone had a lovely holiday and a happy new year! :3
Then, one pale hand outstretched, Sherlock dispelled the reflection, swiping it with one hand so that his fingers came away wet. The coolness of the water was icy shock, and he savoured it for an instant, eyes closed.
His thoughts not so helpfully supplied. John scowled. Right, ignoring that. He pressed forward, his nerves settled into a tight ball in his stomach. The door gave without so much of a squeak, time leaving it soundless and all the more unsettling as a result.
“Breaking The Bond will only leave me unable to ever form a romantic attachment ever again, and as a prince I am required to marry and eventually either bear children or aid in the bearing of them. I will be unable to do either, and feel no love for the poor Mate that is saddled with me. I am reckless. I am impulsive, and I am in no way a good leader for our tribe. Luckily, Mummy had you first.” The unspoken, other objection Sherlock might have voiced if he had been younger. Less angry. Less cold and hard to his own emotions from living alone for so long.
“You've never stopped putting me before your own needs. Today just proved that more. I told you that you didn't need to come, idiot.” But there was no bite to her words.
Sherlock discovered in his teen years he did not usually feel the need to pack. The act of stuffing a sock or something else vaguely shaped like a phallus not only seemed humiliating but unecessary- especially since he made it a habit to never find himself stuck in a place that would require he pee in public. His genitals in general did not bother him, nor was he particularly affectionate towards their uses. They simply... existed, not particularly useful but not completely abhorrent either, and that did not change much as time went on.
So Sherlock, actually saying that he wanted his presence, that he needed it, made an uncomfortable knot twist itself in John’s throat. It had just never happened before, and like a blind man being told he could actually see all along, he felt disoriented and strange. Off balance.
The detective, deciding to perhaps let small battles lie, closes his mouth tightly. A reluctant nod is all he has to give before Daniel is loping up the stairs. Sherlock is left to the quiet and cold silence of the lower floor of the flat, his hands in his pockets and a small scowl of unease fighting the wall of ice that is his features. Upstairs, Daniel lies down carefully on the soft bed. He lets his legs hang over the sides, so his feet just brush the floor. His hands rise up behind his head and cup the back of his neck, and he stares at the ceiling.
their promiscuity. That was all he had time to reflect upon, because he found John’s breath was becoming more desperate, his cries higher in pitch. With it, the temptation to bite, to sate his hunger became overwhelming, and Sherlock’s irises glowed a haunting blue-white, his mind whiting out to nothing but the need to take what was his.
that he couldn't quite name and staunchly refused to acknowledge, but it also made his legs wobbly. Soon the two Handlers noticed his quiet stalking.
The Dragon, standing still and clutching its egg like its life depended on it, all but howled with displeasure. Though it did not understand English, it could see the intent in the Captain’s eyes and the scent of intent in the air. It curled itself into the sand as if shielding its child from an unseen blow, and John saw then that the village people had chained it to a massive weight by its ankle, preventing it from flying. The sight filled him with an unholy sort of rage, for an instant his mind reading the Dragon’s. Fear and blood painted the back of his eyelids with the creature’s thoughts. John spoke without thinking.
and pretended to like him. The pup was only the equivalent of eight Human years old give or take, but it already infuriated him.
For a moment the cab is filled with awkward silence as both of them look away, John staring hard into the palms of his hands as they tighten in embarrassment. He can feel his cheeks burning, the pounding of his heart that always comes with admitting it. Like an open wound that is never fully healed, it bleeds at the strangest and most inconvenient of times. Leaves him feeling like the five year old child, screaming into the pillow of his hospital bed.
The detective relaxed slightly, the crease between his brows smoothing over as he answered the question with complete and utter ease. This one he had a clear answer to, definitely. He had figured it out long ago, his Mind-Palace having gone over the question more than a few times.
John swallowed tightly, averting his eyes away from the Selkie’s piercing stare. His expression changed from amused to brooding before Sherlock’s eyes, the soldier plucking at the cuff of his trousers even as he evasively replied.
, so she supposed she owed him. She no longer had to hide unless she wanted to, which sometimes she did. No longer did she have to lock herself into closets, clapping her hands over her ears and whimpering and wishing that she wasn't the personality that John called on during his 'scared' moments. In fact now her job was much easier, as she was only forcibly called on when John sometimes had a really bad nightmare.
“Um, hi.” He tried when there was a break in the music. John immediately felt stupid, unable to come up with a better greeting. Sherlock hummed, which wasn’t exactly a response, but was good enough to make John feel a little bit better. He tentatively came into the room, taking a seat on the low cushions across from Sherlock. John liked this room, admittedly. It was a strange amalgamation of items, some from his own culture and some from the North. He could see a corset, like one of the ones Molly’s people seemed to favour hanging over one chair. On a wooden mantel, a skull sat. The cushions themselves that he sat on were a strange fusion, low but patterned with stripes and dots and solid colours that his people wouldn’t necessarily use. It created a space that was unique, and that felt like a safe meeting ground to broach the topic of cooperation.
So the soldier saw it, the fascination and the shock, the carefully masked fear of something unknown.
Neither of them added onto that comment, the only sound Sherlock peeling apart the skin between forefinger and thumb. When it was obvious the youngest Holmes wasn’t going to reply, Arthur carried on. “Your mother tells me you’re clever, a bright young girl. I can see that. You like experiments? What kind?”
“A Shape-Changer, yes. It’s my Specialty.” He’d never said it aloud before, come to think of it. At least, not to a stranger.
but his words flowed from his mouth in a spill of verbal diarrhoea even as he turned off the kettle that started to
, and she hummed to herself a small, nameless tune even while smiling under the Dragon's suspicious glare.
Her mind supplied in awe and wonder, eyes brightening like fairy lights even as her lips parted in awe. It was
“Murray. Bill Murray. As you can probably tell from my accent, I'm American.” He laughed then, and it was a warm, pleasant sound. John found himself relaxing to it immediately, a small smile finding his lips as he caught the man's grip in his own and shook. Murray then pointed to the dazzling creature by his side.
John looked up, his mouth falling dry as he saw that the night was no longer dark, instead pale grey. Above him, no sound could be heard, the upper floor as still and silent as death. Almost dropping the tome with the sudden, clutching fear he felt tugging him to action in his navel, John found himself scrambling up the stairs. He, looking back on that moment, would not have been able to tell you what compelled him in that moment to care for the well-being of a creature not even of human species.
The light went out of the doctor's eyes, and coolness filled in. A numb sort of expression filled John's face as his body went slack, the colour fading from his face. A single voice, calm and placid, spoke to fill the silence.
“Why should I care about the exact number?” The Spirit huffed out a small breath, rolling his eyes at the specificity.
The gun was something John was hyper-aware of, its destination aimed solidly at Sherlock's skull. Not that the Dragon seemed to particularly notice this, as he was currently absorbed in trying to cover John with as much of his body as possible. His scales were a myriad of colours, hurting John's eyes as he was
“What of your golden rule Miss? Shouldn't a Dragon's instinct be to serve its Master or Mistress first before their own needs?”
“You cooked.” The detective rumbled in bewildered awe, strangely childlike in his deduction. Catlike eyes opened in slit wonderment, peering up at John in perplexion. “Neither of us
His voice held in it the heavy and unyielding rumble of a raging storm. The authority of a God brought to shame. Cruel and callous and utterly, completely, possessive.
Mike’s blue eyes regarded him kindly, a small smile on his face that wasn’t pitious but concerned. He hummed to himself, turning the coffee cup in his hand as if deciding whether or not to divulge information. His voice was ponderous.
At first, it seemed like London decided not to be generous that day. People came and went, but the tip jar remained untouched. John might have been more upset, except he was too busy smirking at Greg. His friend was doing his best impression of a cat that had accidentally licked sour milk. He grumbled in place, scrubbing at his salt-and pepper hair. He watched John suspiciously, as if he might be intentionally rude to the customers to keep them away. However his friend was polite and calm, extraordinarily so, given the harsh glare his friend was boring into the back of his neck. John was almost through his last chapter on enzymes when a deep voice rumbled at the counter.
The elder of the brother as if sensing his thoughts spoke to John then, his tone even. “Rest assured John that if you are to spend any time with my brother, you must become accustomed to his… erratic temperament.” Then, perhaps softer to John’s mind “He does not beg forgiveness, but he does take back vows made in anger.”
Somewhat chaotic. Somewhat destructive. A small, quiet part of him that was locked away, endlessly screaming at the situation. At this predicament. Panicking.
John raised his hands slowly in surrender, his gaze flicking to Kate’s prone form. He wasn’t allowed to check on the Pearl, instead finding himself being used as a living guide to the foyer.
it might be best for me to get acquainted with the names of some of the guests that’ll be at the ball, just so I have an idea of what to expect? Also, I’ll be the first to admit that I’m the son of a farmer, so my manners are probably not up to snuff.”
Still, Sherlock did not seem inclined to listen. Instead he pushed his way into the airport eagerly, tail snapping behind him in a rather serpentine salute. John could only follow, cursing lowly under his breath as behind him, Dodge sighed.
locked her in before. The thought in itself was immediately distressing. She did not like locked doors, did not like rooms she could not leave. Molly tugged a little, hoping the lock was just stuck. It held firm. A bubbling panic began to fill her as she tried to remember what had happened.
The stench of chlorine tended to make Sherlock’s mind wander, back to memories of childhood. Swimming lessons had been a mandate set down by his father and mother both, and he had grown up often at the edge of a pool, staring into turquoise depths as the other children plunged and swam about.
“You will go to school, and live in a dorm if you have no desire to live with mummy or I. You will keep your grades up, and exchange mandatory letters with me on a semi-regular basis to keep me informed of your needs. In exchange,” He hesitated, before making up his mind and nodding as if to himself. “In exchange I will give you access to a trust fund I’ve been building with our parents, in order to fund medication and… only after you turn eighteen… surgery.”
Sherlock's mouth was uncharacteristically dry. He ignored it and swallowed, determined to push just a little further.
A line of brightly coloured pins and jewels and robes, each young woman stood, allowed their faces to be painted by the apprentices that came forward with clay bowls filled with earthy reds and blues. Among them, Harriet stood. Her chin was held high, defiant even as her lower lip and chin were striped with a streak of darkest crimson. From where John crouched, he couldn't read her expression. However, the shape of her mouth was curved in a small, grim frown.
“Name's Sherlock? Interesting, in English that's fair-haired, isn't it? May have been the dirt, but I could've sworn his hair was as black as night.”
that had the Dragon's mouth suddenly dry, his eyes wide. Without his consent, he found his wings tingeing a hateful, dusky passion-fruit colour, something he swiftly halted, lest Cerioth would see.
Even as John’s squadron began to move out, encircling the villagers protectively, he and Sherlock stayed behind, standing before the haggard Dragon. The creature seemed to barely acknowledge their presence, utterly absorbed in the shining, glittering surface of its most precious prize. When it did bother to look up, it was only to fix John with an unblinking, tired gaze. He spoke into the soldier’s mind, a voice that was tinged with uncertainty as much as acceptance.
Growling in frustration, Greg finally set the offensive mobile down, running frustrated fingers through his hair. The lingering weight of half a dozen fitful nights weighed on him heavily, causing an ache along his spine and a pressure headache in the front of his skull.
Then again, Johnny didn't seem to want to wake for quite a while yet. A few hours at least, so maybe Blue wouldn't show. It was unlikely, considering Sneak was about to do something she'd no doubt find triggering and distressing, but he could hope. After all, he couldn't help his nature.
Moriarty was apparently in the habit of strapping people to semtex, and the pips were apparently just the beginning. John felt a chill in his blood as it became apparent that they were facing a terrorist of sorts, seemingly intent on getting not only Sherlock’s attention, but the world.
“Dissociative disorder has only been reported in cases where the patient was a victim of prolonged and extreme abuse. Often sexual. And yet from your words,
He crossed his arms over his chest, a brief flicker of pride glittering in his eyes before he thought about what he just said. The emptiness of his own sentence shook him.
Sherlock, unable to hide his smile any more, laughed. It was a laugh of many things, at relief at being alive, mourning for the things to come, joy at being able to have
“Don't fucking hesitate. You hesitate, and you'll find your innards thrown half a mile away from your corpse. Not to mention the lives of your team-mates will then be at an even higher rate of risk.”
Its collar sat about its neck, a tag glinting softly in the light, the faint silver etching of a name not visible from where John crouched.He doesn't plan on getting any closer. He might have had a penchant for danger, but he was not stupid. As it was, he was still vitally aware of his mortality in the bruises he was sure were forming around his throat.
Quick as lighting, Sherlock beat his wings, pushing back against the dust-devil that rose about them like a wave with the impact of the fallen soldier. His scales were a clouded and chaotic mix of colours, shifting uneasily in waves. John kept his gun at his side, barely flinching as out of nowhere a shrieking missile came hurtling towards them.
“How do you know? I feel like I am already.” It was true, too. Sherlock didn’t know what to do, how to help. There was no therapy for strange government experiments, and even if there was John likely wouldn’t wish to participate. There was just patching up problems, attempting to stop the bleeding of a fatal wound with a bandage.
Really, John should have been more careful. He knew that when Sherlock was like this, the Gem’s idea of Human manners frayed and blurred and faded away.
John asked, licking his lips in confusion as the Handler set about unhooking the long chain that tied the entrance to the Cell closed. He wore heavy-duty protection underneath his uniform, long sleeves and leather gloves to prevent getting frostbite just in case they hadn't heated the Monster enough. His voice was a lazy drawl, but his words were sharp as he tugged the Cage open. From inside there was a hiss, and cold steam circled around John's ankles. Like fog from dry ice.
John didn't realise that he was being included in the conversation until Mike sat by his side, clapping the expanse of his back smartly. The army doctor startled, heart rate turning to normal as he saw who he was being introduced to. John recognised the shape of the woman's jaw, though her hair was now pure white and her once-bright brown eyes were clouded with age and time.
“Don't. Don't pull the sociopath card. I've never believed it and never will. You're at times so human it's startling Sherlock, but you never let anyone see it. Not even me.”
He had yet to tell John the name of their host, and the man himself had yet to appear when John was awake, slippery like an eel. It irked Sherlock, how many coincidences seemed to appear around his and John’s gathering, in Mycroft collecting them. There was something he was not seeing, and he had the impending sense of dread of a blind man walking across train tracks.
“In the beginning, the sun god and moon goddess created a space between each other. This space was called
The second horror that the Watson-Holmes family would face would be Elena's learning of English. Simply due to the fact that for the first year and a half, she couldn't seem to be bothered.
Hey! So sorry I've been late with updates! All of my stories have been on pause as of late due to.... well work and the fact that I lately haven't been really feeling up to writing ^.^''
Because once he had been hoisted onto the flat roof of the building, his Mother had lead him to the very centre of it, where if John squinted he could see District One, shining in all of its splendour off into the distance. The little boy had gripped the edge of her coat and gaped, because before his eyes the city turned from dull grey to brilliant silver, shining as the sky lightened to a pale and watery yellow to shining gold and deepest scarlet and pink. It was like watching a small film, as his round eyes took in the bright orange disk that rose to silhouette the city in the distance in colours so bright it hurt his eyes, and yet John couldn't bear to look away. His eyes had narrowed but he had stared on determinedly, refusing to give in even though his eyes stung and watered. He didn't even dare to blink until the pinks and golds faded into the beautiful pale blue of dawn cresting the horizon, and he heard the first early keeners of his District below wake from their beds and rise.
Molly reached for her bag at her hip, rifling through a soft pink purse until she found what she was looking for. A small compact mirror was held in her palm, open so Sherlock could peer into the glass. The Dragon took it from her, his mouth going dry as he saw his features for the first time since Afghanistan.
look like inexperienced soldiers. Rather, they held the posture of two wildcats, poised to lunge for someone's throat. There was a tang of something untamed in the air, and the young soldier could hear the indistinct buzzing, the thoughts of the other Dragon's in the line-up, worried and uneasy. Murray, his eyes dark, did not smile. He answered with a low voice that seemed to hold more steel than Wilkes was expecting.
His instincts were being satisfied, and it felt good. Even if he wasn't feeling well, he felt an instinctual happiness at allowing his Claiming Instincts to take over, Marking his new territory with careful deliberation and attention to detail. He made sure each claw Mark was clearly visible and that his scent was rubbed over everything he couldn't scratch to pieces. It was a manic sort of energy, compulsive and compelling, and something he couldn't wholly control. His rational mind faded away, forgetting completely about the blonde Human staring at him from the far wall until he came full circle, all four corners completed.
“Sometimes. It's like a radio. Sometimes we're all on the same station, but sometimes we're on different freq- frequen- different waves.” She struggled to say
crinkling wetly on his cheeks. It took him a second to realise that around him dark heads bobbed sleekly, huge dark eyes fixated on the sun's slender rays peeking out and erasing the stars.
“I wasn't myself. When I made these.” He gestured slightly with one hand to his arms, his other wrapping about the cigarette and flicking the ashes against the ashtray. They glowed for a
Whatever the reason, he found himself inexorably tempted to catalogue this strange doctor who just walked into the lab looking for a flatmate. His interest had been sparked, and so he begun the task of unravelling the particular puzzle that he found before him.
“I did what had to be done to ensure no civilians would be hurt because of my test.” She mumbled the last part almost as an afterthought, trailing off for a moment to look at something that wasn't actually there. Beside her, Cerioth shifted minutely. His eyes were downcast, but John thought he caught the edge of a small frown. A moment later, it was smoothed back into bland neutrality. When John returned his gaze to Dodge, she was back to explanation mode.
His older brother looks at him levelly, apparently still listening to whatever the other person on the line had to say. Then he holds out the phone to his brother, eyes crackling in the light as he smiled thinly.
in truth, and their friends seemed to share their sentiments. Molly, Lestrade, Mike Stamford and Mrs Hudson among others had all sent their affections and get-well cards, Greg’s making John’s face twist into a weak laugh that had been like the sun peeking out through grey cloud. It had made Sherlock’s heart lift a little, as the past few days his friend had done little more than fuss over him.
to do. Especially when I see something so unjust happening, such as this farce of a marriage that’s been thrust onto you.”
“Now then, to the heart of it,” He levelled John with a look. “I’m not going to actually ask about your sex life, but I am gonna start out with a topic you might find uncomfortable.” John nodded slowly, so Greg continued. “The first thing is human concepts of consent, they’re rare in the Spirit world. Most Spirits will take what they want, not knowing how that taking can damage a person. It comes out in warped ways.”
He had to hurry too, because he could smell other Dragons about, and his fevered mind cautioned that they could try and take the place if he didn't Claim it soon. The thought made Sherlock bare his teeth in anger.
The Dragon smiled slightly at John's slight bluffing, even as the seriousness of the situation washed over Sherlock like a wave. This was happening. He was to become metaphorical cannon-fodder for the War effort, and he would soon be expected to treat John not like an equal as he had been slowly becoming, but as a
Hands covered in blood but otherwise immaculate, Irene seemed to take the deathly silence as agreement. Her voice held in it a note of smugness as she hummed to herself.
Now his hunt proved fruitful, and John grinned to himself even as he clutched the worn box between his fingers and returned to his project. He tore some of the newspaper that had been lining the cardboard boxes that stood all around him (holding trinkets small enough to be packed away) crumpling it into a ball before lighting the end. The wood was dry enough to spark almost instantly, and soon the ex-army doctor felt warmth heat his cheeks even as he sighed in satisfaction at a job well done. A cheery little glow comforted John in the silence as he returned to working, clearing away space even as outside, the moon glowed pallid and pale. On he toiled, humming a tune he didn't quite recall learning under his breath as he stacked boxes and took out pictures, setting them back into their original places.
John felt a chill run down his spine. He could feel rather than hear Sherlock's coiling panic, carefully tamped down with anger.
Rather, it grew like black mould, hidden carefully out of sight but visible to those who looked. Mycroft spent the rest of his summer wincing in sympathy for his sibling’s ribs as she bound her chest down, cringing over how she’d deliberately pitch her voice lower to piss their mother off.
someone he cared about was strapped to a bomb. Sherlock had learned his lesson years ago when it came to playing about.
It was to be expected though, because John didn't even really trust himself. Or at least, he did not trust the other versions of himself. It was especially disconcerting as he got older.
The Incubus’ lips were only an inch or so from his own, and looking at them the soldier found a plush softness in the hard lines of the creature’s face. From them, words breathed over John’s own mouth, captured between them and held. Sherlock didn’t answer his question, instead confusion rumbled in his own tone.  “This feels… different.”
She knew that somehow, what had happened to her room was her fault. There were small patches of fire everywhere, the smoke alarm (which
Mike and John soon found themselves playing with the paper planes together, ignoring the adult conversation that was happening in terse whispers at the door. Harry however was paying attention, eyes narrowing as she listened in interest.
fine it was, lest he offend the immortal “It’s all fine, but… I probably won’t make a good… Whatever it is you’re looking for. A bride… a…”
He should have been the least likely to end up here, warm and safe and being looked upon with something akin to kindness. He didn't deserve it. Didn't even want it. What made him different from the other wretches, chained to their cages by collars and unable to break free, shocking devices driving them to their places in their cells?
The sun was well on its way to setting by the time John was driving home. It painted the sky firey red and mellow gold, and made the road hard to look at directly with its brightness. His mind was preoccupied as he drove, filled with the events of the past few hours.
“The Queen will want an audience with us, before we begin our stay. We’re to be back at the base in half a month’s time, but she’ll have living quarters for each of us until then.” Dodge explained this with an easy kind of acceptance, even as John swallowed and he thought of Sherlock’s reaction to the news. The Dragon would not be taking it well he knew, and privately John made a mental note to thank Bill for his patience with his share of dessert rations for a while. It was the least the poor sod deserved, after dealing with Sherlock’s tetchiness.
It was about the height of John's knee, and a bright, rosy colour shot through with streaks of darkest black and cream. Like a piece of hard-candy, all sharp and contrasting. It wasn't smooth, rather it looked almost layered like a massive pine-cone, layered and sharp, and its girth was just a shade wider than John's own waist. How Sherlock had managed to lug the thing all the way from whatever godforsaken beach which he had found it from, the army doctor couldn't say. What he did know however was that the consulting dragon had never brought something into the flat that looked quite so alien, nor had he ever appeared so protective. John hadn't really known what he was thinking when he had reached out almost curiously to touch the oblong shape of it- only that he had wondered if it was indeed solid all the way through.
