The End
“Well, what did the doctors say today?” Greg asked his brother-in-law.
“Our Unit has been remiss in its duties and we need to remedy that situation quickly by locating and retrieving our principals. Preliminary data indicates that each principal responded separately to a text message they believed to have been sent by Mycroft Holmes asking them to meet him at the Diogenes Club. This message was actually from an external source, routed through Mr. Holmes’ phone number. He himself left my care at ten hundred hours yesterday morning on route to Downing Street for a routine briefing. On that journey he was in the close protection of Captain Mark Dunne, later found dead in a nearby alley off Gainsford Street, just south of the Thames. He had been shot. The car has not been located”.
Standing and handing the shoe back to John, Sherlock finally came to a rest, hand on hips.
The following morning he rang Sue:
“Sherlock?” He waited and watched Sherlock’s face for any signs of movement. Nothing. He buried his head into the nape of Sherlock’s neck. He had imagined it.
Then John was all over him, kissing and biting and licking. Tasting every inch of this glorious, amazing man that was his, all his.
“Sherlock, it’s been a difficult day, you should try and sleep.”
Sherlock breathed out a long, deep sigh “Not you”, he admitted talking to his own toes “but, others.”
“I’m stuck John. I need your help. Help me John. Please” whined Sherlock. He pushed off his pyjama bottoms and spread his legs wide.
“Sherlock” John yelled. Sherlock joined him bent over Greg.
Michael leaned in. “I would suggest the briefs. They provide a neat and secure support for the larger than average gentleman.”
He rises, heading for the bathroom to shower and shave, the smell of bacon and coffee filling the tiny flat. Sherlock carefully pushes down the tiny voice suggesting that things are happening too fast, that they are not really ready for this yet. That John is not ready for this. He pushes the idea away, chastising himself. How many years has he waited for this? For John to be his and his alone? Why waste valuable energy on questioning something that is so obviously right? Really, there is no pleasing him.
John sat in the chair drinking his tea for a few minutes trying to process what had just happened. This was a fairly unusual turn of events, usually it was John being irate and Sherlock doing the apologising. Starting to feel a bit more human, he managed to eat some toast, drink some more tea and take a couple of paracetamol tablets.
“Ah Lestrade, I was just about to call you. There has been an intruder at 221 and I need you to apprehend ……. Yes, I did, Billy texted me….. yes of course, but who….. thank you, yes I will be there as soon as I can”.
“Then when you had finally given in and begged, I would sink all the way down, take in every inch of you, wrap you up in myself and truly have you. I would move slowly at first and then speed up, bringing you closer and closer, never taking my eyes off you as you arch up and press into me”.
John picks up the small box, kisses it gently and eases it carefully into the pocket. He just has time to pull the dress uniform straight when a beep comes from outside. Sitting at the kerb is a fully renovated 1942 Willys Jeep. Mycroft is sitting in the driver’s seat, sporting a pair of military style sunglasses and raising an eyebrow at John.
“How dare you! How dare you pass comment on such a personal and private matter in public?”
Sherlock moved gracefully through the crowd, stopping occasionally to greet someone or to respond to his name with a nod. The ballroom was huge, one wall made of floor to ceiling windows, the other three covered in gilt-framed paintings and mirrors dissecting and refracting the light from the crystal chandeliers.
“I over did it a bit last night. Sorry.”
“Laura. Laura Hudson. She is Mrs. Hudson’s daughter and I haven’t seen her since the three of us left America.”
John’s profession as a doctor was of particular interest to the social workers and they were asked at length if they felt they would be able to care for a child with a disability or serious illness. They remained open to both options, although the 17 stairs to the flat were duly noted. Sherlock was quizzed about his history of substance abuse. Far from being considered a risk, once they had proved Sherlock’s abstinence for the last four years, it seemed that an understanding of such matters may, in fact, be to their advantage.
The two men flew down the stairs of 221b Baker Street, Sherlock was already on the phone to Lestrade when the cab pulled up, demanding access to Mark Willis’ flat.
One part of Sherlock’s mind soars into action, considering gene splicing and egg donation, surrogacy and other possibilities. Another part is far more interested in the fact that John has indicated that he considers this relationship to be one in which he can give Sherlock this. A child. That it is for the long-haul.
John rose to leave, not looking at either man.
Sherlock sighed.
“Jade Elliot has been attacked”.
That evening Sherlock, once more dressed as a man, made his way carefully to the address he had been given. He meandered throughout the city, going far in one direction only to circle around to another suburb. Eventually he reached his destination and pushed the back door open, not making his presence known. He knew that this was a very dangerous meeting, for both of them, but when his search for the outer extremities of Moriarty’s web had led him to Sousse, he had been compelled to find his brother.
"Hi, I'm Michael. I know, I know, you were expecting someone older, I get that all the time. I'm Jacob's nephew." Michael's hand engulfed John's as he shook it with enthusiasm. "I understand you are a friend of Mr. Holmes the Junior." Michael beamed. "Such a lovely man, and one of our most loyal customers."
“We have plenty of time for that love.” John suggested gently.
~~~~~~~~~~
“I have made a mistake, my apologies. If you will excuse me, I have a plane to catch. Thank you for meeting me”.
Back to Johnlock and, for a change, John annoys Sherlock so much they have a row and then, naturally, have to make up.
“Lestrade” he shouted but received no reply. Anderson finished signing papers and wandered in to the room.
“John, John! Slow down” Greg was out of breath when he reached John at the exit gate. “What on earth was that all about. Are you alright?”
Sherlock circled the man, trying to find the tricks hidden to create such an apparition. This was an illusion, obviously, although Sherlock was still at a loss to know how it was done. “You’re American?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock casts all his usual reserve to one side. He is overwhelmed by the moment. Tears fill his eyes as he wraps John in his arms and kisses him so tenderly that John is undone. Burying his head in Sherlock’s shoulder he sobs, “I love you,” and as they always have done, they cling to one another, ignoring the applause and cheers from the rest of the room.
John grinned at him. They had agreed to take things very slowly and had not progressed much beyond vast quantities of snogging on the sofa, hand holding, hair stroking and fully clothed cuddling. John was quite happy just to be able to have Sherlock close and had not pushed things any further. He had accepted that if this was all Sherlock ever wanted that he could deal with any outstanding matters himself.
Sherlock’s eyes cloud over for a moment. John carries on with his exploratory stroking, index finger tracing Sherlock’s jawline, cheekbones, eye sockets. Sherlock closes his eyes and relaxes into his touch, trying to decide whether he should say something or not. Too often he opens his mouth and makes things worse, far worse. Was this going to be one of those occasions? Would John be angry that he had lied to him? More to the point, how angry would John be?
The first time it had fallen from John Watson’s lips, however had been a much more cataclysmic event. Sherlock had, at first, thought he was experiencing auditory hallucinations caused by the massive blow to the head from a falling plank of wood as he and John attempted to climb into the abandoned house.
John had crouched down, holding the large watermelon on the kitchen floor in front of him. Sherlock raised the mallet and brought it down with the force he had estimated was necessary to reproduce an injury similar to that found on Mark Willis.
“So what’s it really like mate? You know, with another bloke?”
“And therefore, since I cannot prove a lover,
Finally, he stood in front of Sherlock in nothing but his scarlet underwear and matching red socks.
Second story of the day for the prompt 'Kisses', which means I am now back on track with the challenge.
For sixteen days, Sherlock had paced back and forth across the rug of 221b Baker Street, pinning notes, photos, charts and densely drawn mind-maps in a seething mass of data that almost covered the whole wall. When not pacing frenetically, he was lying inert on the sofa for hours, lost in the hallways of his Mind Palace. Intermittently, The Work was disrupted by the symptoms of withdrawal that reduced Sherlock to a sweating, shaking mess hunched in the corner of the room. John did his best to help. The only things he ate were Mrs Hudson’s scones, dutifully delivered every morning with a largely ignored ‘coo-ee’.
John had seen some of these marks before when he had been patching Sherlock up, but had never seen them all or so close. He had no idea there were so many. He moved his lips down to the soft white skin and began to kiss each tiny scar. He was a doctor and he had seen the evidence of drug abuse many times before. He went looking for other injection sites, the soles of Sherlock’s feet, the backs of his knees and even under his arms. With each new location, more murmured reassurance.
“Just Shut up Sherlock!” growled John “Just, for once on your life, shut up” but he looked Sherlock straight in the eye to check how the other man was doing. He was greeted by a half lidded look of lust making the green-blue eyes soft and unfocused. It made John’s blood rise.
Sherlock nods and opens his arms wide, John rolling over on top of him, laying his full weight on him and grounding Sherlock. Without verbal communication, they have developed their own code for expressing their desires. John now dip his tongue firmly in and out of Sherlock’s ear and is rewarded by a vehement nod and an opening of Sherlock’s legs.
John looked at the SIG in his hand. He hadn’t realised he was still holding it. He let it slide to the floor where it landed with a small thunk. Sherlock put just his head around the door. At the sight of him, a tear began to roll down John’s face.
To entertain these fair well-spoken days,
Sherrinford returned with coffee, olives, baklava and Turkish delight, multi coloured and drenched in icing sugar. As they settled down, the sun began to set, the colours shifting from blue to yellow and pink. The brothers sat in silence for a moment watching the swifts swooping and curling, rising on the warm air before diving again in the cooler currents.
“Well relationships with sex usually mean lots of negotiation, misunderstandings, arguments and anger. Sulking and cajoling, frustration and disappointment, don’t they? Oh and flowers. I don’t want that with you John”. The memories came at him all at once, the shouting and tears, his own confusion. His initial joy at John’s announcement began to ebb away.
John sat down hard on a kitchen chair, his heart clenching. He certainly did understand.
Rummaging in the desk drawer he found the bottle of lube he was looking for and undid his own jeans, and pushing them down just slightly, slicked up his own hot cock, grunting with pleasure. Pushing Sherlock firmly down towards the table to keep him in place, he unceremoniously pushed one finger into Sherlock, at the same time grasping his dick in a lube-slickened hand. Sherlock’s “ahhh” was soon replaced with a deeper, throatier “gnnng” as John introduced a second finger, delighting in the sight of Sherlock spread for him, almost naked while he himself was fully clothed.
John’s family are represented by Harry alone. It has been agreed that there will be no ‘sides’ to the layout of the library but that the small group will all sit together at the front. Mrs. Hudson takes her place between Mummy Holmes and Greg Lestrade and is surprised when Mummy takes her hand and gives it a small squeeze. Originally anticipating a small power struggle over wedding plans, Martha is delighted to have, instead, made a new friend. The two women have met a number of times over tea to discuss their outfits and other arrangements. They are even going to see ‘Wicked!” in the West End in a couple of weeks. She squeezes the hand back.
His husband. John repeated the words to himself again. He stared at Sherlock, watching the way his eloquent hands moved as he spoke and arrogant lift of his head to look down at his nose at Lestrade when contradicted. The carefully cut curls and the broadness of his shoulders and chest in that immaculately cut suit. John couldn’t quite believe this man could be his for forever. His.
Sherlock was the only one who had not been directly exposed to the bacteria. He went in search of a Sunday opening Chemist with the prescriptions John had written and returned within less than an hour. Emelia’s were in liquid form, John’s were tablets the size of horse pills.
John has to make a confession to Lestrade while Sherlock continues to look for clues and think of his stomach
“I generated the allergic reaction myself. It had nothing to do with the crime scene. I am allergic to a particular type of pollen so I bought a sample of it and rubbed it around the inside of my mouth and eyes.”
“Yes, I brought some down the last time I babysat for you”
John was dumbstruck by the apology. Not really thinking about it, he pushed hard into Sherlock, forcing him up against the wall and pulled his head down sharply, kissing him angrily, teeth clashing and biting. He bit down on Sherlock’s lip and drew blood.
“It’s very bright in here, would you mind if I closed the curtains?”
Slipping in the door, Mycroft takes his seat at the small piano he has arranged for the venue and scans the room critically. Despite his reservations, he can see why the room suits the occasion so perfectly. He alone understands what happened in this building and what exactly Sherlock means by his statement ‘We arrived here separately and left together’. More to the point the room is deeply masculine, all glowing cherry wood, soft lighting and, of course, books. They have created a dais at the top of the room where the marriage vows will be exchanged, wall to ceiling books forming a backdrop. He checks the minimalist cream and green flower arrangements and settles his hands in his lap, ready for his cue.
“Well, I don’t know. Possibly. It might also make it absolutely wonderful”.
Sherlock dropped the small paper bag to the bed, paused for a moment gazing balefully at John and silently turned on his heel and headed out once more.
Doing as he was told, Sherlock was overjoyed when John lay down next to him, wrapping his arm across his chest, pulled the blanket over them and began to gently kiss Sherlock’s hair, fingers and lips.
“Mate, you misunderstand me. You just left a possible murder scene in a hurry. You obviously recognised the bloke. I’m not asking you out of concern, I’m asking you as the investigating officer. Now, how do you know him?”
"Sherlock felt John’s stare and turned to meet his eyes. For a long moment, they gazed at each other across the table until Sherlock winked at John. John threw his head back in laughter. Sherlock had probably only winked at him once, the day they had first met in Barts and John was sure Sherlock knew this too."
“Oh, err, are you going to be home for..”
Still finding nothing new, Sherlock began to pull at his hair in frustration, the old urges for drugs both legal and illegal licking at the edges of his brain. He texted John but received no reply. This sent him deeper into a spiral of self-recrimination; he could neither solve the case nor maintain a relationship for longer than few hours.
“What do you want Sherlock?” John sighed into the taught neck.
I sometimes encounter people who do not fully understand how the geo-political divisions of Ireland work. I am absolutely not going to be getting into the history or politics of Ireland here, but just want to make it clear that, at this point in time, Ireland is divided into two parts. The larger Republic of Ireland will be referred to as Ireland in this story. The smaller section, part of the United Kingdom, will be referred to by its official title of Northern Ireland. There is a border between these two states, although at the moment there is no border control. The only way to tell you have crossed the border into Northern Ireland really is the colour of the postboxes (they go from green to red), the colour of the road signs and that the distances between towns are listed in miles instead of kilometres. of course, only time will tell if this will remain the case post-Brexit.
John, in turn, would assess Sherlock’s pain by his own observations and bullying him into a verbal acknowledgement of its existence. A hot water bottle under the small of the back on the sofa or a warm bath were the usual prescriptions. Maybe once every six months, John would unlock the bag and give Sherlock a codeine tablet of his own.
Sherlock is just raising his hand to hail a taxi when a black car glides out of the laneway opposite them and comes to a stop. John is even more grateful to Mycroft and wonders how long the poor driver has been sat waiting for them to leave. This thought is wiped from his mind as Sherlock pushes him forcefully into the corner of the seat the second John closes the car door. Sherlock holds his long fingers to John’s face, and pulls him into a deep, slow, sensuous kiss that lasts until they reach 221b.
Molly Hooper met Sherlock in Bart’s mortuary. Greeting him with smile over Mark Willis’s body, she got to the point immediately, knowing better than to try and make small talk with Sherlock.
“Well, I don’t know if ‘cute’ is the word I would use but-”
, he thought,
In the room, Emilia was reading her set Shakespearean text aloud to her Papa:-
“About that statue. We could get one of those plaster of paris kits and make our own.”
“Cause of death?” Anderson invited sarcastically. Sherlock resumed his examination of the body. I believe it was a head injury. Here” he pointed to the man’s temple “do you see that faint mark? Early bruising”.
“I have a.. a sense that things may be changing for you very soon. You have been through so much already and I need you to know that I understand. I have faced my own challenges, some not so different from yours. I survived them and so will you, my beautiful boy”.
“Yes” said Anderson scrabbled to recover his failure to notice the pale pink crescent mark “Of course, but how does a man, alone in his locked flat fourteen floors up get a head injury like that, so severe it kills him but no blood, no sign of an attacker or forced entry or any one at all really, certainly no weapon?”.
He suddenly realised John was looking at him, had asked him a question and was expecting an answer. Sherlock abruptly rose to his feet and swept out of the room “Come on John, I cannot abide this tedium one moment longer” he declared imperiously “Goodbye Lestrade. I have important research to do, only call me for an 8 or above”.
Mary stopped mentioning it or asking for help when a nurse suggested the solution was for herself and John to take a parenting course.
“I love you. You do know that don’t you?”
“You decided to find out and, being a scientist, what else would you do except conduct experiments?”
“May my colleague and I look at your garden?” Sherlock interrupted suddenly and not waiting for a reply nodded at John to follow him out the French doors.
In turn, John promised to share his life with Sherlock, to care for him and be his shelter from the world, be the centre of calm he could always return to and translator of the world and conductor of light. For his part, John promised to always patch Sherlock up and keep the scarring to a minimum. This produced a nod of approval from Molly.
“God, I’m sooo glad that day is over” she said to neither father in particular “I swear my maths teacher is getting more stupid by the day and lets not even mention the sub we had for French. He gave out 3 detentions in 10 minutes. Oh and Katy wants to know if it’s OK for her to call over with her Dad this evening and Auntie Clara said she is going to email me the pdf of that book she was telling me about”.
“John, John where are you?”
However, Sherlock met him at the top of the stairs and fended him off, insisting he sleep alone in his own room. John did his best to persuade him but in the end his sleepiness got the better of him and he capitulated, falling sleep lying on his side trying to pull off his remaining sock.
“Prodigal chemistry student who studied but never graduated from Oriel College, Cambridge. You are a poor eater, but substitute food with coffee and sneak cigarettes on the rare occasions you are not with your husband. You have had a substance abuse problem in the past but have been clean for at least two years. You feel the cold but hate the heat more. You have larger than average feet for a man your height and have difficulty shopping for shoes. You have a very sweet tooth and have at least two cavities that you are ignoring until the pain becomes insufferable as you hate going to the dentist. How did I do?”
John leaned into Sherlock’s arms, rubbed the lather from his own chest onto Sherlock’s and kissed him, gently, teasingly until Sherlock was as hard as he was. One hand bracing himself against the tiles, he wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s wet cock and stroked slowly. Sherlock groaned and copied the idea, pulling John close to him with his free arm and leaning his head into his shoulder, nibbling and kissing. Sherlock came first, throwing his head back, the shower water cascading down his neck and chest as he shouted. John came quickly after him, holding on tightly, burying his face in that beautiful chest. No one mentioned Mycroft for quite a while.
“Who did he receive his last call from?”
_________________________
John slumped back against the shelves as Sherlock stood. He was breathing hard and Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, who leaned into him, resting his head on the taller man’s shoulder.
“Commander, I want it on the record that I consider that woman to be a threat to this mission”, Martha Hudson pointed to the closed door they were marching away from.
John’s dark blue eyes flash. He stares down at Sherlock. For a moment, no one moves.
“I would open another button, and maybe one more if needed. Just enough space to let me drift my hand inside your shirt so I could touch your nipple. The left one first, I think. I would drift my fingers over it and make it…”
They follow him down the corridor and into a messy office.
So, when the phone rang at 8.15 on a Sunday morning, John Watson was, in fact, up to his arm pits in saucepans containing different fruits simmering down, the organic porridge cooking in the microwave, ice cube trays sterilizing and the sounds of their daughter laughing hysterically. Flinging a tea towel over his shoulder, he sneaked a head out of the kitchen to see why she was laughing so hard. Sherlock was sat in his chair and lifting their daughter up onto his head, rubbing her belly on his head just long enough for her to not get a full grip on his hair and then dropping her back into his lap only to pull a scowling face and rumble:
“Oh nothing really. Being a doctor, being in the army. He told me about his job and how he’d just broken up with his girlfriend after 3 years. He was a normal bloke, you know?”
“I, that is, Charlotte” he started. John’s head flew up.
“His pulse is weakening and he has stopped breathing. Here, I’ll do compressions and you do the mouth-to-mouth. Where the fuck is that ambulance?” he barked at the closest police officer.
“When we get home, I would like to do something I have often, often thought about” his voice was thicker now.
Eoin takes a slurp of his tea, clearly enjoying his story telling.  “By then, times had changed. Ireland was a republic and there was a resurgence in finding and protecting our treasures. In 1969, James’ eldest son, James Jnr,  brought the hoard to a local historian who cleaned it, photographed, dated and identified the items as a torc, two gold cups, a large ceremonial cloak pin and a bronze serving platter. There were one hundred and sixteen hammered coins, all silver. Each item was estimated to be at least nine hundred years old and were most likely the treasured belongings of a regional clan chieftain. It was one of the single greatest archeological finds and virtually priceless. They were returned to James Murphy Jnr, who had agreed to donate them to the National Museum and arrangements were made for their collection the following day. However, James Murphy Jnr has always maintained that his home was burgled that night and the entire hoard was stolen. They have never been seen since.”
Once back inside the flat, coats removed, mallet left carefully on the kitchen table and kettle boiling, John turned to Sherlock.
“Have you eaten? I have to go to the clinic but have time for some breakfast. Do you want some?”
promised.
A young man is waiting for them at the top of the second floor stairs at the entrance to the Anthropology department.
day, a one word text was sent to four different phones; “Smith”. Ten seconds later, Sherlock, John and Lestrade each received a text from Mycroft demanding their presence at the Diogenes. They went without question.
Sherlock swept into the room, coat and curls all swirling with the violence of his motion.
"He, um….", John's voice croaked, "seems happy enough now".
“Jesus Sherlock, at least open a bloody window. How in God’s name am I supposed to eat anything in here with this stench!” Sherlock merely raised his head and looked vacantly at John as if hearing the words smell, window and eat for the very first time. They clearly meant nothing to him.
John stroked Sherlock through his pyjamas, watching the other man’s face closely. When he clearly wasn’t going to be told to stop, he began nuzzling behind Sherlock’s ear and slowly eased his way down the lean body, kissing, licking and stroking.
John hauls himself into the front seat and Mycroft accelerates away at top speed.
“Hmmm.” Sherlock studied Michael’s hand-made shoes, admiring the stitching.
The waiter is studying law. That man in the coat, his wife is cheating on him, Green hat man is late for work but hates his job so much he is going to stop and…..yes, there we go, order a coffee. God, they are all so boring. How much longer? Depends on Slavzokzy and his contacts.
“What… er” Sherlock was stumped. He considered a moment and then;
“Yes. Yes for 10 years. Army doctor actually, but I saw plenty of action too. Two tours in Afghanistan. I was actually just returned when I met Sherlock. That’s a good story, I must tell you about the first time I met him, he was able to tell everything about me from just looking at my phone….”
They attended training courses and met other foster carers. John, in particular, found some of the stories they heard rather sobering but rather than put him off, it just reinforced his quiet determination to be amongst those who helped.
Sherlock understands that what John is really asking is whether its alright to touch him now. At the beginning of their relationship, Sherlock had often come quickly and then become so over sensitised that he could not bear to touch John with his hands. Patience had sometimes tipped over into frustration and there had been a couple of rows, accusations of selfishness and apologies. They had persevered though and, to both their delight, discovered that while his hands were too sensitive, other places, most especially his mouth, were not. Sherlock has developed a serious fixation with taking John, hard and leaking, into his mouth and keeping him there for as long as possible. John considers this to be a more than acceptable resolution.
Sherlock turns and picks up his violin and starts to play, feigning disinterest and not wanting to see John leave, all dressed up in his new suit. As soon as John has gone, Sherlock watches him from the window then droops down onto the sofa, head in hands. After a moment he ruffles his curls in frustration and stands back up and searches the flat for a distraction, anything to take the edge off this, this, he searches for the right word before settling on yearning, yes, pointless, self-inflicted yearning.
“I worry sometimes, that I have just landed all this on you. Us, I mean, me and Rosie.” John squeezes his hand.
John sighed. This was never going to be simple was it? He walked over to Sherlock, took him carefully in his non-injured arm and hugged him, leaning down to kiss the tears from his cheeks.
“No, Rosie!”
Rolling onto his left side he props his head up on his hand as he closely examines John; sleepy eyes, hair sticking up in all directions, crumpled face and, he drops his hand over the top of the blanket to check, an impressive morning erection. Good.
“Well, yeah there is that, but more importantly that you are a complete numpty and need to have a proper conversation with Sherlock about all this.”
“What did you say?”
John!”
Sherlock had the phone in his hand when it beeped. It was now 10.30 and his resolve had finally crumbled and a plan devised to get John away from this insipid woman. Really, John would be grateful in the long run when he realised what Sherlock had saved him from.
Sherlock gently followed the lines radiating out from the badly healed wound where they knotted and curved and drew the undamaged skin in towards the epicentre of the scar where the bullet had entered.
Lestrade's rant about TV police shows is one of my own favourites. I love all sorts of detective stories but it really annoys me when characters tell the police they don't want to talk to them or to just to go away and the police do. Then someone else gets murdered!
The restaurant is busy and their table is close to the kitchen door but not too bad. The lighting is subtle and John’s date, Laura, is looking wonderful in her low cut claret dress. John leans over to refill her wine glass, giving her his best smile.
I’m a doctor. I must have seen hundreds over the years.”
“Well, yes. That’s what the law of the time said. Hand it over and be financially compensated by the state. However, things were not that simple at the time. Ireland was still under British rule and James was damned if he was handing over what he believed were ancient Irish treasures to the British Government. Instead, he cleaned it and hid it. He told his wife and children and that was it; the hoard was not seen again for thirty years, not until after James had died.”
By now the dining table was littered with empty plates, glasses and napkins. The silver candelabras were lit and the evening was drawing in. Glad of a moment to himself in this whirlwind of a day, John looked around at the happy faces of their guests; at the end of the table Sherlock’s mother was having an animated discussion with Mike Stamford while next to her Sherlock’s father was laughing at something Major General Sandra Peake was saying. John was honoured at the woman’s attendance, hadn’t seen her since they had served together in Afghanistan. James Sholto and Mycroft were even having a chat, although God knows neither of them were good at small talk. Mycroft’s right hand was underneath the table, as was Lestrade’s left while he listened to Sherlock. John was in no doubt they were holding hands. Mrs. Hudson was busily discussing her cake recipe with Sally who was gamefully trying not to look bored.
Three hours later, Sherlock emerged to find 2 cold cups of tea on the coffee table next to him and a plate of Jaffa cakes. He was a little concerned. He was clearly being very non-industrious in his two year marriage and if he was to save them from impending doom, he need to put a plan into action immediately. He considered setting out a colour-coded spreadsheet but decided that, in this instance, time was of the essence, so he made do with a checklist in his Evernote app on his phone to work through by the end of the week.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, if it was me,” Michael side-eyed Sherlock whilst sipping his tea, “I’d suggest going somewhere he could wear his new suit. Which is rather fabulous, if I do say so myself.”
“I didn’t know. I had my suspicions, but I didn’t know. Is this your first time? Please Sherlock, tell me the truth?”
Sherlock is so effected by John's new Season 4 hairstyle that he is moved to write poetry
Partly inspired by this lovely photo which made me wonder why Sherlock had not shaved and why is he with Wiggins?
Mrs. Hudson held out her arms to take Charlotte who was dozing in the crook of Sherlock’s arm. He shook his head at her slightly and simply moved the baby to his left shoulder so he could still use the mobile in his right hand. He pulled up a number and dialled.
“That’s me then I’m off out.”
“I think," he purred into John’s ear, “That as much as I adore you in this, we had better take it off. I would hate to make a mess on it.”
“I can’t listen to you whine any longer! Turn over“ barked John. Obediently, Sherlock moved onto his front.
Sherlock touched John’s lips gently before stepping in closer. John parted his lips –
He was close now, thrusting into John’s hand.
"I tried, John". Sherlock flounced to his feet, striding to the kitchen and flicking the kettle on. John sent up a silent prayer of thanks. "He wouldn't settle. He doesn't like me." Sherlock turned his back to John, pulling out mugs and tea bags.
“Yeah, flatmates. He told me that too. That you buy bespoke suits and run errands for?”
John stayed where he was and looked down as Sherlock, glaring.
John shook his head, wondering what on earth he could have said to deserve this coldness.
“Yes, I did. I haven’t seen her in eight years, wasn’t even sure it was her. I was delighted to see her again, especially looking so well and happy. So would you have been if you had given me the chance to introduce you”.
“I saw you with that woman. I saw you kiss her. What the hell do you think you are playing at Sherlock, hmm?” John leaned up and pulled open Sherlock’s shirt at the collar, biting and sucking hard at the delicate, soft flesh where the neck and shoulder met leaving a dark purple welt. Sherlock gasped and gripped John’s dick hard.
Sherrinford considered this, “It clears the mind, being dead. Makes you realise what’s important. In all those days I was doing Mycroft’s bidding, having adventures, I never thought I would want this, family, a settled life. Never give up on him.”
John nodded in agreement. “I’ll take three packs. All in red.”
Sherlock’s voice is high and pleading, and nudges John’s brain over from aroused to desperate. He wraps his hands around Sherlock’s waist, lifting Sherlock even closer to him and he fucks harder than he has ever fucked anyone before. Sherlock howls his approval into the pillow under him.
A bird, Sherlock decided the next time he heard it. This time, the noise lasted longer and was high pitched, rising and falling like music. There was a new sound too this time. A deeper, resonant sound that Sherlock really liked but it was muffled like he was under water. That thought made Sherlock panicky. Maybe he was underwater? Maybe he needed to breathe? He began to grasp for breath, nothing coming. Now he began to really worry and decided to try and get to the surface. He really wanted to hear that new sound again.
John was aghast,
“Oh, same as usual. Kids being let down by those that brought them into the world and then spend their lives punishing the kid for existing.” She wiped her face tiredly.”Sorry, John. This one’s worse than usual.”
“My turn?” he growled, lust taking over from the relaxation. He kissed and nipped his way along Sherlock’s jawline and down his neck and over to his right shoulder, then inwards. He moved over to the pale skin of Sherlock’s right shoulder and again kissed his way in until he reached the point where the collar bones met, that sensitive, delicate spot he had so often admired. He took a moment to kiss and lick that spot, groaning slightly until he moved down over the lightly haired chest.
“It was not just the pub, it was our work colleague, Lestrade and I,” Sherlock was shouting now, “am not
“I was thinking yes. No, it did not help, but I am glad you enjoyed it”.
for you?”
Snugging closer to the warmth and softness of Sherlock, John considers the previous night. Things hadn’t gone exactly as he had planned but that is OK. Their sex life often doesn’t go as John, or indeed either of them, plans. The last two years have been a time of discovery for both of them. The very same gifts, the hyper awareness and intelligence that make Sherlock the world’s only Consulting Detective, his genius, do not switch off or go away when they are in bed. They have learnt each other with patience, and sometimes great care must be taken.
While he was distracted, the man in the now grubby white suit tried to scramble across the floor towards the doorway, only to be met by a sharp kick from Sherlock to his nose that sent the man flying backwards, bleeding profusely. Sherlock pulled out his phone while simultaneously heading for Mrs. Hudson to begin untying her. The phone began to ring and Sherlock was momentarily confused.
“There you go. Get some tickets, ask him out and see how things go.”
“None. The anti-histamine tablet was sufficient. I also may have over-exaggerated the-”
Come home.
John lifted his head and looked at Greg. He wasn’t laughing or shocked or showing any kind of emotion. He really did seem to want to understand. John let out a long, deep sigh.
In their many long years together people had often passed comment to John on those eyes. For some it was the straightforward beauty of their pale colour, sometimes blue, sometimes green with their splashes of gold and indigo. For others, their fascination had been in the way that a side long glance could pin you to the ground and a full on stare could slice through you, take the words from your mouth and leave you feeling like you were six again.
_____________________
“I know but, it took so long to get her down, I really don’t think I can face it again tonight”.
"Good. It's just. Next time. Would you, um -"
“Hi Papa” she chirped. She brushed the grey curls back off Sherlock’s forehead and picked up his hand from on top of the bed sheets. She kissed that too before falling back into a grey plastic chair.
John found Sherlock still stretched out on the sofa when he returned home, the room half dark and three cups of cold tea lined up on the coffee table. At least he’s dressed, thought John. The pyjamas would only make this conversation even harder.
“I think I had an idea when I kissed your finger better and you didn’t pull away or say anything. Then, the next week, with the slide, I felt awful. I really am sorry for breaking it like that. I couldn’t help myself, I had to kiss you better.”
Sherlock bucked into John’s mouth, one hand gripping at the headboard, the other clutching at the folds of his dressing gown. John removed his mouth for a moment, but maintained his rhythm with his left hand.
For the prompt Stargazing
Mary never took her eyes off the child but waved a hair pin at John.
John was beyond mortified. He would give anything not to have to tell Greg, or anyone really, this story. He seemed to have no choice now though.
(See the end of the chapter for
Acknowledging the driver’s report, Mycroft gazes out of the small window. He considers all his baby brother has been through. Mycroft had believed that Sherlock and John had been able to find a way through all the lies and betrayals. Maybe he had been wrong. He will give it another five minutes before deciding what to say to John. He returns to the small group. A practised blank expression on his face, he schools himself not to react when John frowns at his watch and turns anxiously to the entrance.
“And you, Sherlock, are you alright?”
“Oh Sherlock, my extraordinary love, I need to keep those arms pinned down again, to spread your knees with mine and lay between you. I love to just
hit him, the urge growing and blooming into a burn.
It was only as John hurriedly turned to shove the bag of apricots out of site on the top shelf of a high cupboard that he realised he had spent that entire phone conversation staring at Sherlock’s naked arse.
"Yes." Sherlock approached the pair, tea in hand for John. "He's asleep. Here, let me take him". John handed over the tiny, warm bundle, aiming the pup's nose for Sherlock's armpit, just the way the dog had settled on him. Instantly, the dog began to sniffle and whimper again.
“Yeah, you know, who’s got the
“Now, Sherlock.”
“You’re beautiful” John interrupted, “I love looking at you”.
“No!” Sherlock struggled to break free, “Where are you taking me?”
They climbed the spiral staircase to the fitting room, where Sherlock took residence in the middle of the rococo silver and black chaise longue, crossing his legs and spreading his coat out on either side of him. Michael pulled up a matching chair.
Sherlock was himself not naturally disposed to drip terms of affection from his tongue. As far as he was concerned, the word ‘John’ encapsulated all that was good and beautiful in the world and so what else would he need to say?
The next slap came lengthways and John’s fingers caught the base of Sherlock’s penis. He gasped and groaned and John, still stood next to him, held Sherlock’s cock firmly in his left hand as he ran his right over the now sensitive bottom.
“I had to see her John” There was long pause “I can’t do this. I have to have her. I need her!”
A single gunshot rang out.
As Lestrade went over the details of how Mark Willis had been found, Sherlock scrutinised Eloise Armitage. She was 38 years old but looked considerably younger, although Sherlock could not see any signs of plastic surgery or botox. She simply had impeccable clothes, shoes and make up. Sherlock admired her blue navy silk tea dress with its hydrangea pattern, clearly made to measure. This was a woman of taste.
Sherlock leaned over his microscope and adjusted the focus again. He had risen early and had already collected specimens from the two ends of the mallet and its handle. When he had dusted it, the mallet was awash with different finger prints as he had expected, including his own of course. He had been able to preserve two or three intact whorls that he would give to Lestrade for comparison. He could also already tell where the mallet had been made and had 3 distinct pollen traces to indicate the where it had been most recently used to actually play croquet.
John leaned back, relaxing into the touch. The water was cooling now and he had reached a decision. It was time. Time to look past his own bad decisions and see what was right in front of him now. Time to finally forgive Sherlock for abandoning him. Time to accept that he was not the man he had spent years pretending to be just to keep others happy. Time to let someone help him carry his grief for his daughter.
She had explained that she had only been seeing Mark Willis for two weeks and in that time they had been out five times. Jade confirmed that she had not been to the flat, had even declined an invitation to visit the previous week “More interested in her work” she said “Had a lot to get done the next day, wanted to be fresh”. Jade had liked Mark but wasn’t looking for anything serious “I have my career to link about, I’m certainly not looking to settle down”.
“And spoil the line of these trousers? Certainly not. It would appear you did notice.”
“Yes, damn it. Feelings. About John. That make me want to…” Sherlock stood up with such force that he shoved the chaise longue backwards. He made a step towards the top of the staircase only to be cut off by Jacob bringing them a tray of tea. He stomped back and plopped back down on his seat. The frustration and annoyance dissipated and he met Michael’s eyes for the first time. “What do I do, Michael? You know how useless I am at this. He is the first person to ever have this effect on me. Oh... I’m sorry, was that-?"
Feeling drained all of a sudden, John sat down on the coffee table facing Sherlock. He had not got this far in his imaginings of this scenario. He thought he had been through every possible outcome from being physically thrown out of 221b to Sherlock laughing at him and announcing “but John, I’m not gay” to Sherlock taking him in his arms and kissing him passionately declaring “Oh John, what took you so long!”. That had been his favourite one, had been revisited and embellished rather a lot and had resulted in a rather lovely wank. However, he had not been prepared for this cross examination. On reflection he wondered what he had been thinking. Of course there would be questions.
“Sure, isn’t there a whole family of them?”
“And it’s worse if she lies down and jiggling helps?” This time, John just nodded.
“Er, yes”, John looked at the man like a mind reader.
It was an indescribable relief to be out of the hospital, away from the noise, routines imposed on you by others and the smell of disinfectant under laid by the sickness of other people. He revelled in the feel of his suit, still a little big for him, finally freed from the of exposure he had always felt in his hospital pyjamas.
Michael laughed. “Don’t be daft. I’m long over you. I don’t see the problem. Why don’t you just ask him out?” He poured them both a cup of strong tea, added 3 sugars to Sherlock’s, hesitated, then put one in his own. He suspected this conversation was going to be hard work.
*    *   *
“Nothing, we’ll just front it out. They will know anyway” John smirked dirtily.
“Yeah, It was cute. Anymore? They say confession is good for the soul.”
Redbeard tumbled out of the back door step with Sherlock flying behind him. They charged, pell-mell down the garden towards the orchard, picking up a blistering pace, hearts heaving and chests pumping, manes flowing behind them.
“How did you get in?”
(See the end of the chapter for
On the second floor of the College a small group of people gathers around John; giving hugs and congratulations. Mycroft is mid-conversation with his father when the voice in his ear brings him up short. Glancing at John, he excuses himself and steps into the small anteroom he has been using as his base. The British Government doesn’t even take a day off for his brother’s wedding.
Having been alone so much, the noise, crowds and smells were almost utterly overwhelming. Sherlock pushed through the teeming souk, keeping his eyes fixed straight ahead, avoiding the entreaties of the stall holders. His information was bringing him deep into the centre of the souk, into the oldest part of the ancient city of Sousse. He edged carefully past the crowded stalls selling tourists their Tunisian slippers, the multi-coloured silk scarves draping down from the top of the narrow alleyway nearly touching the mountains of lemon and rose flavoured Turkish delight. Around another corner he was barraged by the scents from the tea-seller’s stall, forty five different varieties all carefully piled up. Thankfully, his disguise meant no-one actually got close enough to touch him.
“Indeed. I now wish to establish the parameters of a new experiment. I have spent some time designing its methodology”.
A very small, shiny nose peeped out from the desk and, with great care, John stretched out, fingers reaching warm soft fur. Sliding his hand under a tiny, furry belly, he scooped up a white and tan Jack Russell puppy and brought it to his chest, stroking ears and whispering comforting nonsense. As the pup nestled into the warmth of his bare chest, John glanced over at Sherlock, who now sported a glower and a very prominent bottom lip.
Something seems to have gone wrong when I posted this, so I am trying again.
Jumping to his feet again, Sherlock and his faithful crew wandered into the orchard once more. At the very bottom ran the hedge that separated the garden from the road. Behind it, Sherlock heard peculiar grunting and panting noises.
Ignoring the calls from around the table to stay, John stands, pulling Sherlock to his feet. Sherlock has already put on his own jacket and helps ease John into his uniform, gently smoothing the line across the back of the shoulders. Without a backward glance at their guests, they unlock the door and step out into the cool, late spring evening.
"To be honest, you don't see enough daylight to know"
“I, John Hamish Watson, do take you, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, to be my husband; to honour and cherish from this day forth.”
John slips his hand into Sherlock’s as they stroll towards the playground in the park. Sometimes, Sherlock catches sight of himself from outside. How ordinary they must look to others. How normal; a family at the park on a Sunday afternoon. Not at all like a recovering junkie hovering on the outskirts of raising the child of a suicidal, ex-assassin mother and a father with PTSD and anger management issues.
“Ice-ream, Dada”
“A couple of hours on the sofa.”
“Victor,” they both said in unison. It was John’s turn to sigh. One day, he thought, just one day I am going to get my hands on that nasty, abusive little rat and, God help me, I’m going to kill him.
Everything had gone to plan. The late June weather had been kind to them and they had been able to hold the ceremony outside in the garden after all, much to Sherlock’s delight. The white chairs had been set up on the patio facing the large windows into the back of the house and a marquee filled the lawn. It was agreed to keep the guest list small, John in particular wanting to ring the changes from his first wedding.
“How can you possibly know all that, you had your eyes closed and were definitely
Sherlock instantly regrets his unkindness and considers going to apologise. He should be in a good mood this morning, surely, rather than his usually short-tempered self. Maybe it's just the absence of John that is bothering him.
“Lunch? We could go to that pub around the corner that Greg brought us to once, or maybe Indian?” wondered John.
“What happened?”
“You’re afraid of me.”
“Indeed. It will be kept in a Neonatal Unit with a specialist Midwife for the first three weeks. These babies are usually born underweight. Once the worst of the withdrawal is over and a healthy weight achieved, then the baby can be released from hospital. However, whoever fosters this child will need to visit the hospital from birth. It’s a big ask John, I know, but the baby will need a lot of care. Have a think about it. Talk to Sherlock. Let me know.”
“I know who you are and you are welcome in our home. Understand though, if you have brought trouble, I will kill you.” With that, the woman nodded to the flight of stairs behind her and pointed up.
John approached the body, already emptying his mind of the information from Lestrade, Anderson and Sherlock, ready to look at the situation from a fresh perspective. He only glanced at the man’s face for a fraction of a second, assessing his hands and clothes first. He frowned slightly at the expensive watch, vaguely remembering having seen one like it before somewhere. He was about to say as much to Sherlock when he returned his gaze to the victim’s face.
Standing in the middle of the living room, Sherlock spun around in a circle trying to decide what to do. He needed to think but was distracted by wondering what John was doing, if he had slept, whether he would be going to work in the clinic as planned or if Sherlock might get an opportunity to talk to him. He considered making tea and toast, spun around again and contemplated the sofa, another spin, causing his dressing gown to flare out around him and his eyes rested on his violin. Good, yes, he would play or maybe even compose, it always helped him to think.
He reached out to the bedside locker and picked up Sherlock’s glasses from where they lay, as always, lenses faced down and automatically turned them over so they were arms down in order save the lenses from being scratched. He knew it didn’t matter now but did it anyway, carefully leaving the glasses in easy reach of the bed. He would have to do something with them later but they felt too personal an item just to throw away.
"Make. It. Stop." He growled back through clenched teeth.
Eloise stared at him “I - I didn’t. I mean I didn’t know”.
*   *    *
“Then we do exactly what you want to do and no more, but there is something you need to know. I say it without expectation, for no reason other than I need to say it out loud, even if it is only ever once. I love you, Sherlock. I have been in love with you for years. I want to make love to you.”
“Please tell me we can do something about these?” John pleaded. “Please tell me I’m not misunderstanding here.”
Sherlock had been inspecting the fireplace and the wall opposite, looking for a projector or false wall. Doctor Strange held out his right hand to Sherlock and held out the left straight in front of him. The vortex of sparkling golden light reappeared and Strange began to lead Sherlock towards it.
Currently he is the youngest professor in the university, although not the youngest ever. He was a child prodigy, entering his undergraduate studies at fifteen and becoming Professor three years ago at the age of 30. He is an active participant in his archaeology studies. His nails indicate that he regularly attends digs. Shoes and hands suggest that despite living in the city, he regularly returns home to the country. Helps with agricultural activities, most recently putting up fencing. Despite his thinness, he has a healthy appetite and -
“Just perfect”
Lazily, he drops his hand to stroke Sherlock’s balls with just the tips of his fingers. Sherlock is rhythmically rocking his arse backwards, pressing into the heat of John’s cock and the softness of his thighs. John wraps his hand around Sherlock’s cock and languidly strokes, immersed in the silkiness of the skin, and the quiet whines from Sherlock’s throat.
He was brought up short by his phone beeping with a new message. It was from John
“One day, you will need something. Something to believe in. I am to give you a gift. It will remind you that everything you have experienced here today is true”. Strange handed Sherlock a matchbox.
“Tea?”
Late in the evening, Sherlock wandered back to the honeysuckle arbour, just for a moment, to take stock of the day and fix the image forever in his memory. He was surprised when a hand was gently left on his shoulder and turned to see Mycroft. Neither man said a word but turned to face each other. Mycroft stepped forward and wrapped his arms around his brother who squeezed back. It only lasted a moment and then, with a small smile, Mycroft returned to the party.
“I am unsure if this is a good idea. As I have explained, my previous sexual partners demanded more of me that I felt able to give; consideration, to be given priority in how I used my time, emotional support and sharing of feelings. I am not good with feelings John, as you well know. I let people down.”
Despite John’s best shushing and jiggling efforts, Johanna began to cry as soon as they got out of the car. In the flat, Sherlock immediately deduced the lack of sleep and last vestiges of patience from John’s face, although it was so obvious a short-sighted, two fingered sloth could have made the same deduction. Sherlock held out his arms for the crying child and sent John to his own room for a nap. It took two minutes and twenty six seconds for Sherlock to settle Johanna and John slept for four solid, unbroken hours. He awoke like a new man. A man with a plan.
On route from the airport, Dublin flashes past the cab windows as they traverse the redeveloped docklands area; all glass, gleaming steel and artisan coffee shops. They cross the River Liffey and the traffic slows. They meander into the old parts of Dublin, Georgian buildings renovated and converted into museums, art galleries and university teaching departments. The traffic is just as bad as in London but the buildings are shorter with more space between them.
Sherlock considered it just might do that but it would be a good way to die.
“I don’t want to sleep, John, I want you.”
forgiveness. Surely it should be the other way around? He was about to say as much when John leaned in again and kissed him.
Then came the words, the unexpected kind words. He thought he had misheard the first one, looked down at John in confusion, but the kisses and the soft words kept coming. John was not withdrawing and the gentle kisses felt so nice. It felt like John was kissing his scars better. He scolded himself for such a ridiculous sentimental thought but allowed himself to drift into the relaxation the kisses brought. Dopamine, he identified. Norepinephrine and epinephrine. Straight to his limbic system. Just like cocaine.
“I have occasionally wondered what it might be like to be a parent.” Unflinchingly he continued, “When you and Mary were expecting, I gave it some thought. Of course, at the time I was single so it was irrelevant and even more so in recent years. You and I are hardly about to have a baby are we?”
It wasn’t always blank though. Every now and again, Sherlock would see or, rather feel, an image float past him. Sometimes they were things he recognised from his Memory Palace but other times it was something new. Once he had seen Redbeard and rubbed his ears. That had been lovely. Another time he had seen a furled umbrella, which he had not enjoyed so much. Twice he had seen a beautiful girl’s face, but hadn’t recognised her.
Sherlock just gave a snort of laughter and the tension in the room eased. “I think that’s just you John, but I am deeply flattered. Now it’s your turn”.
“I’m so sorry John. I’m sorry for leaving you. Maybe I could have stopped this if I had been here”
Lifting her hand to stroke her son’s cheek and then patting his chest Mummy ignores the condescension. She has had a lot of practise.
“And?”
Sliding in quietly, closely following a couple through the double door, Sherlock regretted his decision to come tonight yet again. The generic hotel function room was bland and identical to several others he had been to in recent weeks, already filling with people taking their seats at the round tables. He deserves so much better, thought Sherlock. I would take him to the Palace. Tonight, though, was to be different, he had promised. He was going to stay at this function, tolerate the crowd of pointless idiots and not slip out again as soon as the presentations had been made, speeches given. Tonight, he was going to talk to John, if it killed him.
A daring rescue and a surprise for Mary
“Good. Please look after her for me and lock your door. Let no one in except John or I. Tell her Daddy will be back soon”. He planted a small kiss on the baby’s head and another on Mrs. Hudson’s cheek “your assistance has never been so valuable” he muttered in her ear. “Lestrade, with me!”
Everyone stands,the double doors open to reveal a grinning John, resplendent in his dress uniform and a more sober looking Sherlock, elegant in his dark navy suit. They are holding hands and make their way together towards the front of the room where the registrar awaits.
Just one more chapter to go! I will be combining the last 2 prompts as well.
*     *      *
Reaching the privacy of 221 Baker Street at last, the second they were inside the front door, John took Sherlock firmly by the hand and led him upstairs to their flat. He had been heading for the sofa, but Sherlock had other ideas, pushing John up against the wall. Sherlock kissed him reverently, at first and John relaxed into him, stroking his arms as he had wanted to do all day.
“We’re coming in!” Molly and Anthea yelled together.
“Welcome back love. Don’t move just yet, I need to check your neck”.
John and Sherlock run a trial inspired by one of John's fantasies from the time before they were a couple.
Eoin throws back his head and laughs in delight. “That was as much fun as I had hoped. I did find the undergraduate attractive but you are mistaken, I am considering pursuing her. Although, now I think about it, you may be right, she probably is a bit too young for me. Now it’s my turn.”
“We’ll do it. When is the baby due?” He heard Sue’s sigh of relief.
Inside was a tiny, flickering golden whirlpool of light.
Silently slipping in to the bathroom, John crept in behind Sherlock in the shower, sliding his arms around the taller man’s waist,
Sherlock is silent and very still for a moment as he studies Mrs. Hudson’s concerned face. He leans forward, taps the limo driver on the shoulder and quietly tells him to drive on.
“Two! You have two of them? Good grief, you really are sublime – John, I have to go.”
Then all of a sudden there was John, looking up at him,
To be continued...
Flipping John over onto his back, Sherlock made a slow growl in the back of his throat as he kissed, then licked and finally bit John’s neck. The gasp this produced from John encouraged him and Sherlock decided to conduct an experiment to find out how else he could make John produce that glorious gasp.
Mary saw her opportunity “Of course they were lies. I love you John, I’ve always loved you, why would I put all we had at risk? I hadn’t been working after I shot Sherlock, there had been no more hits. I swear”! She was using exactly the approach Sherlock had predicted.
“I wish to confirm my suspicion that Miss Armitage is a rather good croquet player. There are photos of her in competitive uniform and there was a slight mark on the sideboard to indicate that a trophy has been removed”.
“Your arms, John” Sherlock murmured “I love the strength of your biceps”, warm palms moving over John’s buttocks and up to his neck, making the man sigh deeply as he relaxed into the touch. Sherlock began to add soft kisses, raising himself up so he could reach more easily.
“Hello,” Sherlock dips in for a gentle kiss. His hand smooths John’s back and rests on his shoulder just above John’s medal ribbons.
John bought her coffee for her and listened while she grumped about some of her current case load. Nothing specific of course, but the generalities were enough to leave a pain lodged in the kind heart of John Watson.
“Do you really?” Sherlock’s open, anxious expression made Michael think back to that 16 year old he had first met so long ago. In a lot of ways, Sherlock was still that teenager; stroppy, moody and rude. While he may be physically experienced in sex, Michael hoped he wasn’t about to get his heart broken for the first time.
(See the end of the chapter for
So it was that for the next two and a half years, Sherlock Holmes called to the Watson home every Tuesday and Thursday at 6.30 p.m. exactly. He would be fed any dinner of his choosing, most often the thing with the peas, and then he would banish Johanna’s parents and work his magic while John and Mary caught up on some badly needed sleep. As far as Sherlock could work out, the magic was the result of a combination of three things, firstly, he kept her bolt upright on his shoulder. Secondly, he would jiggle Johanna at a remarkably fast pace up and down but very gently. Thirdly, and the reason John and Mary had to be banished, he would sing to the baby in a gentle, quiet, low rumbling of whatever came into his head.
John had felt a pang at the absence of his parents, but Harry had made up for it by walking with him up the aisle with Sherlock and Mycroft. As he glanced over, he saw there was still only water in her glass; “one day at a time, John” she had smiled as she straightened his tie earlier.
Sherlock felt his heart stop, then stutter back again as he repressed the swell in his chest with the idea that, of course, it was not real. Forcing his eyes open to ensure he was fully conscious, he met John’s smiling face:
It was at this point, in a moment of desperation, that they discovered Sherlock Holmes had a hidden talent – he was a baby whisperer. In an effort to help Mary get at least a small amount of sleep and to soothe his crying daughter, John had taken to giving Johanna her late feed, popping her in her car seat and brining her for a cruise around the quiet London streets. She rarely slept but it did seem to soothe her. One night, John headed for Baker Street and, unsurprised to find the lights still on, they went in to visit Sherlock.
“I hope this doesn’t take too long” he muttered.
Eloise Armitage still lived in her family home, an enormous red brick Victorian house in South Hampstead. Once two houses, they had been knocked together to make one and the already large, long gardens at the rear combined. It was obviously someone’s pride and joy. As Sherlock looked through the drawing room French doors he could see a summer house, water fountain, formal herb garden and roses as well as a Japanese garden. A brick path weaved down the length of the garden before disappearing under an ivy covered arbour surrounded by mature trees.
“I thought.. they told me you were dead. Committed suicide. I never believed it. How did you find me? God, I’m glad you found me, little brother. It’s so great to see you, I’ve missed you.”
“Bring me to your bed,” John huffed into Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock said nothing but opened the door that led into his room. For a moment he was brought up short by the bright light pouring in the window. It had finally stopped raining and the sun was making a valiant effort to appear through the dark clouds. He turned and looked at John, shy despite being the one dressed. In the broad daylight he saw the heat and intent in John’s eyes.
“I need to revisit the crime scene. I know exactly how this murder was committed but I need to confirm two details before I pass it over to Lestrade. Come on John!”
John laid his forehead down on the back of Sherlock’s hand, warm and soft. He spent hours each day holding and stroking that hand and had noticed that the callouses on the fingers were beginning to soften. Last week he had brought clippers in and trimmed the nails. One of the nurses had offered to do it but he preferred to do that small thing for Sherlock.
John growled, low and pained. He hurled himself at Sherlock, pushing him hard up against the bathroom door leading into Sherlock’s bedroom. His kiss this time was fierce, demanding and he brought both hands up to cup Sherlock’s face, pull him as close as he could. Sherlock’s hands roamed John’s back, gripping his arse and pulling him closer.
The next morning, they were awoken by Mrs. Hudson. A Public Health Nurse was calling to every family who had used the crèche.
"They warned us this would take time. You saw how they were treated. It's bad enough he's so young, but he's also alone for the first time, in addition to all the trauma." John swallowed hard, trying not to think about the case and the sights they had seen. It had taken Sherlock a week to uncover the full extent of the puppy farm ring, the selling of puppies way before they were ready to be separated from their mothers. The horrendous conditions of the dogs and their location would take him a long time to forget.
“You’re much better than I am at diffusing her tantrums.”
John gazes down at the supplicated Sherlock beneath him. Sometimes he wants this man so badly it shocks him. The powerful need to claim him, mark him and have him for his own is so strong it can overwhelm him. John has never felt this way before and struggles with it, afraid that someday it might take him over and he will lose control. He squeezes the lube into his palm, slicks up his cock and pushes Sherlock’s legs even further apart
There is an interview I have seen with the cast and an interviewer (no of course I can't find the link). There is a brief discussion of fanfiction and Stephen Moffat comments to Benedict that:
The kiss reminds John of their first genuine kiss; soft, sweet and careful. Unlike that first time, no one pulls away, embarrassed and ready to run. This kiss soon becomes something much more insistent and demanding, John running his hands under Sherlock’s dressing gown, smoothing over his t-shirt and resting on his hips. Sherlock groans into John’s mouth, dropping his own hands over John’s thighs and cupping his arse to pull him inexorably closer. Kissing, sucking and mouthing over John’s jaw line until he reaches his ear. Sherlock leans in and breathes:
“And is that what you want? Want me to go away somewhere with you? Just the two of us?”
Sherlock sat up but said nothing. He gave John his full attention
“Nor I you” the eyebrow retorted.
Sherlock could do nothing but agree.
John threw his head back and laughed before leaning in and giving Sherlock one more soft kiss.
“How is the other child? We don’t even know if it was a boy of a girl?”
“Very good. Not long now and it will be all over”. He hugged her quickly and scooping Charlotte up, he headed for the front door, only to be met by two police cars when he opened it. Four uniformed officers poured in and Sherlock climbed into the other car. Sirens blaring, they headed back to the cabbies office.
Several cups of tea later and both slightly giggly from the sugar high, John decides it is time for him to give Sherlock his wedding present. He clears the rubbish from the kitchen table, showers and dresses and fetches the file.
“Not very helpful.”
From a vantage point that seemed to be in the top corner of a room, Mary could see the four men huddled together on the floor, all with their backs to one another. Sherlock was slumped over but the others appeared to be okay. As she watched, a red balloon in front of Mycroft popped, the noise echoing loudly around the stone walls and a small drone and a black walkie-talkie fell to the ground. It buzzed and crackled until a voice announced:
“Jesus, I said....” John holds Sherlock tightly by the hips, locking him in place.
The pace of rocking increases, John simply holding his thigh firmly in place allowing Sherlock to control all the movement. Occasionally, John flexes his quad, sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine as he revels in the heat, the coarseness of the hairs and the pleasure he gets from having his own thighs held wide. Sherlock feels the grip of his orgasm start to build, deep down near his balls, that pulse broadening and spreading. His rutting becomes hard and animalistic, the sweat gathering on his belly making his cock slide as he presses his abdomen as close to John’s as he can get.
John grinned at them, knowing both could keep this game going for a while and grateful that Sherlock was keeping the hungry Emilia distracted as her first meal of porridge was cooling.
In the dimly lit corridor, a figure sat half hidden in shadow, one leg crossed over the other. John instantly recognised the silhouette.
Sherlock, stretched out on the sofa, observed him out of the corner of his eye. In the six months since John had come home, this was the stillest and quietest John had been, sitting now beside the fire staring ahead into space. Sherlock observed the hunched up left shoulder and the clenching and unclenching of John’s left hand. Silently, Sherlock stood and boiled the kettle, rooted around in the cupboards and offered John two paracetamol from his open palm. John grunted his thanks and took the tablets. A moment later, Sherlock handed John tea and warmed his hand around his own mug.
They were stood waiting on the front doorstep when the car glided to a halt in front of them. John was resplendent in his dark blue suit, white shirt and a pale golden tie. Sherlock had decided on mid grey, with waistcoat, a new white shirt and even a tie. John was concentrating very hard on not dribbling from anywhere.
“Sherlock, have you ever wanted to have a child?”
From behind her computer screen, Mary let out a sigh of relief. John was safe. She tapped on her headpiece again.
“The cut with the knife. I had a-”
“What I need changes Sherlock, like it does for all of us. You do give me what I need”
“Ah yes, the date. Dull, I must have deleted it.”
“Yes, but we are staying in some Irish speaking parts and people are always more forthcoming when you speak to them in their own language. Also, it may be useful for the time period in which part of the case originated. Everyone spoke Irish then.”
Sherlock gets revenge and John gets worried.
“He first heard the story from a man he met on a dig in Co. Clare back in 1971. The story goes that in 1929 a Ballintoohin man by the name of James Murphy was turning turf in the bog.” Eoin frowns. “Sorry, do you know what I mean by bog? It’s a natural resource we have used in Ireland as an energy source for millennia. They are great swathes of compacted vegetation in bands across the country, the remnants of ancient forests. Every summer, people slice the top layer, cut it into log-type pieces, dry it and burn it in open fires. That’s what we call turf. The bog has a very low level of oxygen and, as a result, it acts as an amazing preservative. We have found whole human bodies, perfectly intact, over a thousand years old buried in the bog. So -”
Once home, John began to cook and Sherlock sat at the kitchen table working on his latest experiment to measure the rates of decay of various fruits. He had begun with apricots.
The thought had never once crossed his mind. It had never occurred to him that John might sit down and have such a conversation. More to the point, how would he even begin to start to have that conversation himself? No, on balance, this had been easier. More his style. Not that he was about to admit that.
Slowly, Sherlock becomes aware that while he is watching John, others are watching him. Scanning the table, he realises that Mummy, Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson are all staring at him indulgently. At that precise moment, a switch flicks inside Sherlock’s enormous brain. He doesn’t need to constantly update his Mind Palace John. He no longer needs to catalogue and save every tiny detail so he can access them when John is not there, when John is finally gone.
His absolute favourite way for John to call him ‘love’, though was in that deep, urgent tone, whispered into his ear:
For the prompt, Sickness.
“Married to your work. Yeah. You really have got to stop using that line, Sherlock. It’s shit.”
* * *
“Any progress in finding the driver?” Greg shook his head. Three weeks after Sherlock had been knocked down by a car that had come up onto the path and hit him at speed, straight on, causing Sherlock to smash his head on the kerb, all the leads had gone cold. There was no doubt it had been done deliberately but there had been nothing concrete to work on.
Still not moving he scanned the floor and saw two footprints just inside the doorway and facing the window. They were a woman’s print, wearing trainers that had been wet when they had arrived and the marks of the pattern were left as the water had evaporated. He inhaled deeply, smelling yesterday’s dinner, baby formula, lavender massage cream and the now ever-present smell from the bin of dirty nappies. And something else. Suddenly, Sherlock lurched into the room, heading for the kitchen. As he did, the noise from downstairs infringed on his consciousness once again and he registered that Charlotte was still crying, more frantically now and he wondered was she hurt, although Mrs. Hudson would surely have said so on the phone.
“He was jealous, Sherlock. Just flat out jealous.” John sat next to Sherlock on the bed and shimmied in close, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist and kissing him gently on the temple. “I’ve seen loads of cocks. No, not like
Sherlock pulled his feet up so that he was lying flat on his back. His coat hung down from his shoulders like a cape or even like wings, he thought. He had often tried turning over onto his front but he had never managed it fully, although sometimes he rolled onto his left side and then back onto his right. He didn’t particularly mind though. He was comfortable enough like this and it reminded him of being on the sofa at home. Mostly, this place was just a blankness with swirls of colour; red, purple and yellow. He had often wondered what had happened to make him take so many drugs that he had trapped himself in this eternal floating chasm.
Inside the flat, Sherlock prowled around the rooms, appearing to look for something in particular, dropping to his hands and knees to explore underneath furniture, sweeping back the heavy cream curtains and delving into the kitchen bins. Finding nothing, he strode to the door from Willis’s bedroom out to the balcony. John and Greg watched silently as Sherlock performed an investigative ballet on the balcony, arms outstretched, hands plotting courses through the air, swirling around to examine the door and spinning back to the view of the small garden and roofs of close by buildings. John stepped forward in alarm as Sherlock leaned far over the balcony to examine the ground beneath but before he could reach him, Sherlock was upright again and facing him, grinning.
Sherlock nods enthusiastically. He loves experiments.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I know.”
Sherlock would often return to that night in his Mind Palace. He had created a new room especially to store the person he had met and the place he had been shown. Until now, though, he had never told a living soul about it, not even John. In fact, until this very moment, he had convinced himself it had never really happened at all.
“But you know I love-”
“Still sore when it rains, but could be worse. We got away very lightly”. Violet looked pointedly at Martha “Even if we are still dealing with the ramifications”.
This is written for JAT1981, my fellow 30 Day Challenger, in support of her choice to write Johnlockary rather than Johnlock, 'cos its all fine!
“You are asking the wrong question”.
“Mycroft is simply following in the family business?” Mummy Holmes remains silent but gives the smallest of nods. Turning suddenly, she continues on down the path towards the orchard.
“John, I am an extraordinary man.” Laughter ripples across the room. Sherlock smiles too, just for John. “At least, that is what you always tell me. You tell me I am a genius; brilliant, astounding, beautiful. These things will never cease to surprise me. I am only these things in your eyes and only because you have made me that way. You have given me a reason to be the best that I can be, to push my genius, to leave behind my self-destructive ways and become a better man. My love for you is wrapped into the DNA of every one of my cells. When I die, it will become part of the atoms of the universe and exist forever, nothing will ever be able to destroy it. We have already proven that.”
Lestrade was practically screaming down the phone at him “What the actual fuck have you two done this time, huh? I have an irate member of the public roaring at me about breaches in protocol, breaking and entering, not having a warrant and threatening me with the Police ombudsman. The Ombudsman Sherlock! You know what she said the last time!”
The idea of it made John’s heart clench. He leaned over and stroked Sherlock’s alabaster face, the usual lines softened by the lack of consciousness. He touched his cheek to Sherlock’s cheek and kissed his forehead, each eyelid, end of his nose and each cheekbone before ending with a long kiss on the lips.
“This way gentlemen. We’re all here now, we can make a start.”
“What? If you want to touch me and I want to touch you, now what’s the problem?” his exasperation growing.
John thought they were all done when Michael steered him towards a final display.
“You’re right John” he muttered quietly “I apologise. Unreservedly”
“Good Afternoon Gentlemen. Apologies for your inconvenience but this seemed the best way to get the attention of a particular someone. Inside the other two balloons is tetranitromethane. In exactly one hour, if I do not get the information I need, I shall detonate the small explosives in those balloons and this place will go up in flames and with all that paint lying around, it won’t take long for it to
“You knew my brother then?”
The fluffy grey angel grinned at him “Exactly! What
Sherlock watches as Martha makes a decision and takes a deep breath. She says what she had tried to say earlier:-
“Suck it” demanded John and Sherlock fell to his knees, taking John completely in his mouth as John wrapped his hands in the black curls and slid himself in and out of the luscious warmth.
“Do sit down Major, it has been a very long time since I was saluted and even longer since I returned one.”
“Hello my darling, what’s going on here then? Aren’t you supposed to be working?”
It was a social worker called Clare who phoned with their very first placement, a boy of 12 whose father was absent and whose mother had to spend a number of weeks in hospital. Mark was a tall boy, mad for football and playing loud music. He settled in quite quickly and they fell into an easy routine of school runs, dinners at set times and visits to the hospital to visit Mark’s Mum. John was able to reassure the boy that she really would make a full recovery and Sherlock provided a surprising amount of help with homework. Both men were sorry to see him go after six weeks and the flat seemed very quiet for a few days afterwards.
“You and I are so alike my darling, in so many ways, ways even you cannot see or know. They say the apple never falls far from the tree and you are my apple so much more than your brothers. There are things you don’t know about me Sherlock, things I did and was before I met your father”
John chuckled. "Yeah, easily bored."
“They do not want me John and I am most certainly yours, unequivocally and unendingly. Do you understand?”
What he had not found, much to his annoyance, were any traces of human hair or skin, or any evidence that it been cleaned at any time.
This figure was different and had no wings. He didn’t hover but crept up over Sherlock’s legs, oozing blackness over his chest and resting just millimetres from his nose. Behind him was nothing but darkness. A hand reached out and stroked his face, leaving scorch marks on cheekbones and lips, dark eyes gazing into his own. It leaned in and kissed him on his eyelids and nose and Sherlock wanted to lift his arms and wrap them around the creature, be enveloped and held.
John was stood in front of Sherlock now and put out his hand in invitation. God, he had missed that voice. Sherlock stood to shake his hand and as he did, his face became fully illuminated and John was able to see the scar that ran down the right hand side of Sherlock’s extraordinary face, from above his eyebrow down to his jaw line, an angry, red mark.
That evening he and Sherlock shared a celebratory dinner at the Moonlight Palace, a tiny Chinese hidden in the basement of a block of flats. Sipping his Chinese tea, replete with ribs and satay, John looked at the love of his life and asked a question that had never occurred to him to ask before:
As he got dressed, Sherlock reviewed the results of his latest experiment. He had not intended to expose John to his full nakedness for quite some time, but in designing the experiment he had struggled with how to contrive such a situation and he had decided to seize the opportunity when it had presented itself.
John sat in the living room, nursing his poor thumb and glowering at Sherlock. After a while spent in uncomfortable silence John announced he was going to get dressed and go to A and E for an x-ray. Sherlock offered to join him but John simply growled at him.
Sherlock immediately slowed to a walk and was grateful he was carrying his ever present Oyster Card. The two men slipped through the ticket barriers and into the depths of the crowds of travellers, heading for the Jubilee Line. A glance back saw Evan Armitage, hands on hips, panting and sweating, scanning the crowds, still looking for them.
“Mariem? Yes, but there is someone else. Sherlock, meet your nephew.”
_____________________________
John is very much taken by surprise when having reached the stairwell, Sherlock captures his hand and pushes him up against the wall, devouring John’s mouth in a hard and needy kiss. When they both recover themselves and need to come up for air, Sherlock’s eyes are dark grey and glittering. He leans into John’s neck, sucking and nipping before breathing into his ear.
John and Sherlock exchange a puzzled glance. John, however, is always inclined to eat first and ask questions second and, after a brief trip to the bathroom, is soon tucking into his poached eggs with appreciation. Sherlock picks at his but at least drinks the coffee Mycroft puts in front of him.
“What are you doing in my flat?” Sherlock demanded “Who are you and where did you get my face?”
“Oh bloody hell, John, we’re going to be here all day. Spit it out will you?”
“No. Don’t do that John, don’t deflect. Tell me what you thought being a Dad would be like? Just for the record, I think you would have been a wonderful father, given the chance.”
“He rang about five minutes ago. He’s gone to the station. Seems he’s taken in your Dr. Watson for questioning”.
Sherlock began to move his hand more quickly and John followed suit, matching his movements closely to Sherlock’s rhythm. The keening deepened to a growl and with his head bent so far back that John could see the blood pumping in the veins of his neck Sherlock came, shuddering and pushing himself back onto John. John took this as his cue and began to pump faster into Sherlock, his legs shaking and his arms clutching at Sherlock’s bent leg convulsively until he too, came.
“Fuck Sherlock, that’s right, ahhh yes, you're sooo beautiful, they all want you, with their looks and little touches and they can't have you and I won't let them take you and  ahhhh” John came suddenly and Sherlock pulled back a little allowing the semen to drip down his chin and then sitting back on his heels, reached for a towel and cleaned his face.
, after all they have done for you, for us!”
A deep chuckle from the sofa brought John's head up just in time to see Angus with his new treasure turning around and around on Sherlock's lap, wrapping himself in the new comforter. Sherlock was a little flushed and as John realised what Angus had stolen, he felt his own colour rise. There, in Sherlock's lap, was a tiny Jack Russell puppy, wrapped in John's smallest, tightest pair of red pants.
Mrs. Hudson sniffs “I was very contained the last time, on account of how you lied to us all and told us you were dead and everything but, if he ever hurts you again, he’ll have me to answer to.”
“Be under no illusions, Mrs. Watson, I know precisely who and what you are. I also know what you did to my son”.
Sherlock knows exactly what he wants this morning, he had thought about it yesterday as he watched John move in his dress uniform; all strength and confidence. He leans in and kisses John, hard and deliberate, the way John has taught him. The response is immediately rough and demanding. It’s pleasing.
“I saw you with that woman. I saw you kiss her. What the hell do you think you are playing at Sherlock, hmm?” John leaned up and pulled open Sherlock’s shirt at the collar, biting and sucking hard at the delicate, soft flesh where the neck and shoulder met leaving a dark purple welt".
What Sherlock was finding much harder to quantify was the role he played in John’s esteem and self-respect. He was also troubled by the fact that John seemed to no longer be attending to one of his basic needs, sex. It was this that had led to the impromptu nakedness.
“You were alone?”
Mary stared at her screen in fascination as Anthea turned to say something to the person behind her. Molly Hooper was practically unrecognisable, wearing all black with a stab vest, tactical belt and carrying a Sig P230 handgun at chest level and a determined tilt of her chin as she signalled ‘up’ to Anthea.
Sherlock smiled and between small, feathery kisses on John’s eyelids, cheeks and nose explained “I wore it for you. I’m glad you like it”.
“Yes. Once”.
“I need you to see me for the man I have always been,” Sherlock said quietly, not meeting John’s annoyed gaze, “I am still Sherlock Holmes, not some delicate flower. We have won this, John. I am home and in our bed and for the longest time we didn’t know if that would ever happen again. Don’t you see?”
John collapsed onto the bed next to Sherlock, half laughing. Sherlock was quivering slightly from his orgasm and the physical effort involved. John gathered him into his arms,
For prompt 19, Bird watching.
“It was my decision. I just didn’t think things were going anywhere. I had thought we would settle down, have a family, but Mark kept putting it off. I had had enough”. Sherlock studied her face carefully, she was lying about something that was clear, but what precisely?
Hands gripping John’s shoulders and back, Sherlock spreads his legs in libidinous invitation. John knows this, understands the invitation, and shifts up so that he can slot the broadest part of his right thigh between Sherlock’s legs, pressing in hard so they are wrapped around one another, barely leaving enough room to breathe.
Not having the energy to argue any further, John retreated to his room to remove the remains of his suit, dumping the forlorn connection to his previous life out on the landing.
“Yes. Statues. Like the ones Michelangelo made,” and with that he pulled down Sherlock’s pyjamas and began to use his teeth to delicately stroke the very top of Sherlock’s now rock hard cock. He was rewarded with a deep growl and long drawn out groan of delight. He brought his hand down to stroke Sherlock’s balls before giving in to his own greatest delight and buried hs face in them, kissing, nibbling and licking. God, how loved that musky scent. Sherlock moaned an unintelligible unnnggg.
“That is the good thing about having a genius for a husband. You learn quickly. Well done. I may now consider it” John gave him another hard slap, driving Sherlock’s dick through his hand. Each slap brought Sherlock closer, a mixture of divine relief combined with stinging pain. Sherlock didn’t know what to focus on and the two sensations intertwined.
“I want you to care. I want you to show love, respect and understanding, to see yourself for who you really are, all that you can be. Will you show me that?” she pleaded.
The cab dropped him off outside a bland house on a housing estate of three hundred identical houses. He checked the knife sitting comfortably in the inside pocket of his coat and knocked on the door. If John was here, they would go in together, he thought as he waited for the door to open, or maybe John would wait around the corner with his Browning safely tucked away, ready to come and find Sherlock if he didn’t emerge from the house by the agreed time.
Sherlock felt John’s stare and turned to meet his eyes. For a long moment, they gazed at each other across the table until Sherlock winked at John. John threw his head back in laughter. Sherlock had probably only winked at him once, the day they had first met in Barts and John was sure Sherlock knew this too. When he looked back he saw something burning in Sherlock’s eyes and suddenly he knew he had to have the man, right now. He lifted his eyes upwards and suddenly stood and made for the door, not caring what their guests might think. He climbed the hotel stairs two at a time to their suite.
John raised an eyebrow “What kind of experiment?” Neither of them had forgotten the incident during the case of the disappearing chef which had ended with John displaying an impressive black eye.
“Sherlock” called John insistently.
For the prompt, Unusual Sex Toy
John slipped out of his shoes and socks and began to unbutton his own shirt. He let his eyes trail away from the piercing gaze of the now naked Sherlock and looked down at himself.
“I have a new life now. I have changed. I met someone who changed me, showed me that love is an advantage.”
Sherlock was aghast that John was asking for
Yeah we’re on our way”. He twisted to face John and Sherlock.
“Yours or mine? Still not a patch on that uniform. We need to find you more excuses to wear it.” Sherlock breathes into John’s ear, dipping his head for a languid lick along at the point where John’s jaw meets his ear.
The scotch was gone and another ordered in rapid succession. He reminded himself to take his time with this one, he had all night and John really didn’t want things to end the way they had the last time he had attended one of these functions. Blinking rapidly, he shoved away that uncomfortable memory.
In their living room they dance their own waltz, barely moving now, leaning into each other, holding tightly. As the music comes to an end, John tilts his face up and gently kisses away a tear from Sherlock’s jaw then wipes them from his own face.
“That sounds like a great plan. You can make the tea”.
Hudson?”
Sherlock is having some doubts about getting married and some truths are shared.
__________________________
“Let’s get that bandaged up for you, love, and then you’ll feel much better”.
“And what would that be?”
Hugs and gratitude to my beta Breath4Soul who is the Queen of Commas and Semi-colons (TM)
“Git”.
“You are asking me the wrong question. Try it again”.
“Sshhh, you are alright now. I have you, you are safe, little one” me murmured in her ear and held the baby tightly to his chest, gently kissing the top of her head.
It hadn’t been an easy birth, what with Mary not being as young as she used to be and, it turned out, prone to long labours. Twenty three hours after the first pain, Johanna Marie Watson was born, a healthy 8lbs and 5oz. Dark-haired like her Mother ‘really, John, of course it’s dark’ with the exact same navy blue eyes as her Father, everyone who saw her was instantly smitten.
I take full responsibility for Sherlock's interpretation of it.
“If she hadn’t died, would you have still chosen me? Eventually?”
Sherlock wiggles a single, long, index finger towards Rosie’s chin. She giggles and he flexes all five fingers at her.
“I only ever wanted you, John. I love you. I have done since I met you. You were so lonely and fragile and you came back to life under my hands and kisses and it was beautiful. You are beautiful. And then
I am determined to prove a villain
At six weeks old, Johanna had still not been able to sleep in a lying position and Mary brought her to a paediatric consultant who declared Johanna a perfect and completely healthy baby.
John had originally been opposed to the idea of them spending the night before the wedding in different places. He wanted Sherlock close to him. He always needed Sherlock close to him these days, as if afraid that one or the other of them would disappear into a puff of smoke without the other there to anchor them to this life. Sherlock understood that; he felt the same way sometimes. Occasionally, he still wondered if he was really still locked up in a cell in Serbia; isolated, in pain and that this was all the creation of his insane mind, just a coping mechanism, too perfect to be real.
Mrs. Hudson was sat on the sofa drinking tea.
John was trying to bring Lestrade back to consciousness without success. He instructed the officers to call an ambulance and monitored Greg’s pulse and breathing. Sherlock leaned over, and John looked up, worried.
A missing scene during His Last Vow, in the bathroom of 221b after John finds him in the drugs den. Sherlock only has a few minutes alone before Janine joins him.
With extreme effort and self-control, John stopped the screaming in his head from coming out of his mouth “No. You don’t get to choose that. You gave up that right, remember?” His voice was quiet so as not to wake Charlotte but steely grey with fury. For the first time Mary looked up at him.
Sherlock glanced up at him, still glowering “It was what you said. There was no need for sarcasm. I am already – aware that I am, how will I put this, somewhat lacking in that department.”
“Sherlock, these are pre-prepared words. I have chosen these words with care. I love you, but then you already know that. I have loved you from the very moment you winked at me in Barts. You have saved me, body and soul, from insane, murderous masterminds, countless criminals and a professional assassin. Most of all, you have saved me from myself, from my most destructive thoughts and impulses over and over again. You have given me my life and, in front of all those we love, I pledge to give you my life from now to the end of the universe. You are my life and in return I give you mine.”
John pounds into him, head back, muttering a filthy stream of encouragement.
“Do calm down John. The Met has come a long way recently in its inclusiveness and as for the Government, most of them went to public school, so this is of little consequence to them”.
Sherlock saw the look on John’s face and was confused. Did the shoulder still hurt or was it more? Suddenly, John kissed him deeply and more forcefully, moving from his back to half lying over Sherlock.
Unable to focus on anything useful, he started wiping down the kitchen walls and cabinets, and then realising he too was covered in melon splatters, showered and dressed. His phone was flashing a missed call notification at him when he emerged from his bedroom and he leapt on the phone, hoping it was John but discovering it was Lestrade. Sherlock rang him back.
As command centres went, Mary felt this one was a bit disappointing. The older women had left the grey room only to be replaced by two silent young men who presented her with a lap top, a mobile comms unit head set, paper and pencil and most surprisingly of all, a bacon sandwich and tea which she all but inhaled with hunger. She began by opening up the sophisticated mapping software and looking for Gainsford Street, Mycroft’s last known location then marking the last known locations of the other three men. She was interrupted by Violets Holmes’ voice in the headset:
“Well, maybe if you had actually
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John over Lestrade’s head. He obviously rated this as a four or maybe even just a three. John was optimistic he would be back home and in the kitchen within an hour.
“John! It’s me. It’s Sherlock. I want to come in and talk to you. Can I come in?”
“I need a bath”
“John. I believe that our arrangement is working most satisfactorily. I find that rather than hindering my ability to think, the developments in our physical relationship are in fact, of benefit. I find they calm my mind and clarify my reasoning”.
“Were you on your own?”
“I now declare John and Sherlock to be husband and husband,” beams the registrar.
“A croquet mallet. You know, the top of it has two flat round ends and the handle is really long. You could get considerable force by swinging a mallet by the end of its handle”. Molly mimed the action she meant, aiming her imaginary mallet at Sherlock’s temple.
John stood and looked at Greg. He did not want to have to get into this, not right now. He needed a walk, get things straight in his own head. He raised his jaw.
The blue-in-this-soft-light eyes flicked up to his face in surprise and swarmed across John’s face, deducing. John sat back and let him. Sherlock might be better able to tell him how he was feeling about this than he knew himself.
John just nodded and sat, trying very hard not be overwhelmed and failing miserably. Sherlock had just sat on his other side and was squeezing his hand when the door behind them opened again.
Here lies smut and some binge drinking, so please be warned. To be honest, I am surprised it has taken me 17 days to get to it. If that's not your thing that's ok, we can still be friends and there will be something new tomorrow.
“What?”
“Yeah. Business, maths, English, history. Nothing hard though, I’ll have it done in about forty five minutes” She pulled the moveable hospital tray meant for patients to eat from, lowered it and started pulling out books. John watched, enjoying the normality of it all and, not for the first time, proud of their bright, motivated daughter. He turned and smiled at Sherlock’s face to share the moment but of course got no response.
“Of course!” Sherlock sat bolt upright in the bed “not the boyfriend. The cleaner. I’ve been so stupid!”
“Well one never fully recovers from a bomb blast of course, especially when you were as close to it as I was, but it’s not too bad. How’s the leg?”
“Look, love. I know Mycroft is exasperating, but just this once, can we please not get into it?”
“Talk to him” the neurologist had urged “touch him, play music and bring him things he likes to smell. It can all help”.
At the door stands a young man, clearly one of Mycroft’s minions from the ubiquitous black suit, holding out an enormous white cardboard box.
Before returning John’s first call, The Professor had undertaken some research of his own.  Having reviewed Sherlock’s website and spoken to a contact of his own in the Irish police force, the Gardaí, he had then returned John’s call with a range of questions, each one more complicated than the last. Two further phone conversations and Eoin Fitzgerald was satisfied they were genuine and knowledgeable and agreed to meet them and share his knowledge of the Hoard.
“I meant it Sherlock, when I said we would take it slowly. Tell me what you would like. Right now. What can I do for you?”
Leaning in slowly, John kisses Sherlock, his hand wandering under the sheet to a bicep, down to the length of Sherlock’s forearm where he strokes a fingertip firmly along the sinews and muscles. God, how he loves Sherlock’s forearms; the scattering of hair, the strength of those muscles offset by the slender delicacy of the wrist. He grips the wrist firmly, using exactly the right amount of pressure; not quite enough to hurt but sufficient for Sherlock to feel safe.
In the past, John would have bowed his head at the painful memory. That awful, terrible day when John had shot his treacherous, lying assassin wife as she pointed a gun at Sherlock, come to finish the job she had started now the baby was born. Afterwards, John had gone to Sherlock, begged to come home, him and his infant daughter. Sherlock had turned them away, said he was moving to France and that Mycroft was already on his way to help John start his new life. Now he looked Sherlock straight in the eye.
“No, nothing” John was bemused. In the four weeks since their relationship had become this, become more, they had shared what few details each they had not already known of one another, their childhoods, sexual history, fears, delights and dreams. John had plunged head first into it all, revealed things about himself that he had never shared with anyone before.
Sherlock stood and cleared the dirty dishes from the table with one sweep of his arm.
Sherlock, of course, was exquisite in his black tie and tails. John felt very out of place and uncomfortable, especially in the building heat, but Sherlock was his usual fluid, unruffled self. John glanced once more to his right, to see if the woman in the claret dress was still looking at Sherlock. She was sat at a table, next to a man in white tails and was watching Sherlock from under her eyelashes. Like John, she had been marking his progress across the room. As Sherlock veered off towards the windows, she stood, her dark hair falling in waves down her back, the tiara sparking and glittering as she leaned into her companion and spoke into his ear. With that, she began to follow Sherlock.
“Yes.”
Just three weeks later and Johanna was in hospital recovering from her operation. That night, her parents and her Sherlock watched for hours as Johanna got her first ever full night of sleep.
“You look like you’re having a tough day?” he enquired, gently.
“Yes, indeed,” acquiesced Jacob Lindon. “If you would excuse me, Michael shall be conducting your fitting today. I have an order to place. Please, take a few moments to consider your fabric choice and he will be with you presently.”
Sherlock had never before contemplated working on his relationship with John. He had never considered putting any effort at all into any relationship ever, except those that were temporarily useful for a case. He was aware though that a number of people in his life put some, and in one or two cases a gargantuan amount, of effort into their relationship with him. Top of that list was his beloved John, and divorce from John was most assuredly not an option. Therefore, Sherlock concluded, he should consider implementing the guidelines suggested in this study. Having re-read it twice, Sherlock retreated to his Mind Place to come up with a plan.
John considered this. If he was honest with himself, really honest, he knew this was much more than a phase, that it would not have passed, only intensified. That was the real truth, his desire for Sherlock would have burned him up alive from the inside if he had not voiced it, given it at least a chance to be real.
“I know! I am not
The shocks reverberated through Sherlock’s entire body. He was lifted up off the bed and thrown down again. With a long, ragged breath he opened his eyes to blinding light, a dozen faces in masks and a cacophony of noise.
Sherlock is getting bored waiting for her to get to the point,  “Oh do spit it out woman!”
Lestrade became a regular visitor to the flat, often bringing new papers to add to the wall. There were constant texts to and from Mycroft and even the occasional visit from the elder Holmes to the flat. Anthea also called a number of times to hand deliver a folder or USB stick.
Lestrade gave her a minute before asking “How did you feel when you found out he had a new girlfriend?”
“Not at all John, you deserve it all. Of course I came. I wouldn’t have missed this for the world”.
Sherlock, lifted John’s hand to his mouth. He gently kissed the fingers and looked back at John.
John froze for just a second before smartly turning on his heel and marching out of the flat.
As John surveyed their family, he could not have been happier. Of course, the epicentre of this happiness was the beautiful man sat opposite him, face animated by whatever he was discussing, the candlelight emphasising the peaks and shadows of those extraordinary cheekbones and the extravagant lips. John had originally proposed they wear matching suits but Sherlock had dismissed the idea as ridiculous. Instead they had agreed to wear morning suits but each to choose their own colours. Sherlock had gone for a dark charcoal grey with, of course, a silk aubergine shirt and a matching dark purple rose in his buttonhole. John had known instantly that Sherlock had worn the shirt for him.
“I was talking to Sherlock”.
“..for dinner? Are you alright Sherlock?”
“Fewer of Mrs Hudson’s scones too?” Sherlock jibed.
To which Benedict asks "Am I well-endowed?"
“I didn’t say that...did I?”
“His nibs. Yeah. I’m beginning to understand now why you didn’t want to tell me”.
“We will know within 48 hours whether she has been infected. Until then, we give her the high dose antibiotics and hope. There is nothing else we can do Sherlock.” John wasn’t in the mood for all of Sherlock’s inevitable questions just at that moment.
“I’ve always wanted to explore it. Only ever been there once and that was to Dublin and all cities are much the same. I always wanted to see the coast, it’s supposed to be beautiful.”
“Good morning, John.” Sherlock growls, deciding right that second that he would like to wake up this way every single morning for the rest of his life. It was even good enough to bother going to sleep in the first place for.
“Last night, in the pub. You… humiliated me.”
The ceremony was short and very to the point. Mycroft pledged his love and protection to Greg who, in turn, promised his understanding, support and love. Rings were exchanged and as they sealed their marriage with a kiss, The Queen led the small party in getting to their feet, clapping and cheering.
Lestrade had called the previous day “Oh I’ve got one for you here alright Sherlock, a triple murder, two parents and a nanny. Their child is missing and we’ve got nothing”. Sherlock had glanced at John. They were all due to visit Harry and Molly in Canterbury and Emilia was bursting in excitement at seeing her Aunties.
Sherlock had known Michael Lindon since he was 16 and Michael 14. Lindons had been the family tailor for 3 generations and had also been an official outfitter for his boarding school. Dragged along to give his father a second opinion once Mycroft was busy working, Sherlock had been surprised, and a bit alarmed, to find a blond boy sat on top of one of the pristine wooden and glass countertops. Introduced as nephew to the owner, Michael grinned and declared himself heir to the business. As Daddy was measured and spent ages picking fabrics, the two young men discussed their futures; one on course to be a research chemist and the other already dreaming of designing suits that young men would want to wear, slim fitting with interesting colour combinations. Each time Sherlock visited, Michael would take measurements and draw designs just for him. Sherlock never asked aloud where Michael thought he would wear these beautiful suits - he fully intended to be hiding in a lab his whole life.
“I don’t know the answers. I cannot help you” Sherlock told him and closed his eyes.
Sherlock just raised an eyebrow at the last question and they both laughed.
Secrets, however, he agreed were terrible. On their wedding day, both had promised each other to not keep any secrets. Of course, everyone present had known they were referring to Reichenbach but no-one mentioned it.
“But, the washing and there’s no milk in for the morning and ….” groaned John.
“Commander Holmes, can I go and see my husband now?”
John loves Sherlock like this; sensitised, pliant, waiting, listening, thinking of nothing but what John will do next.
Sherlock simultaneously hid the croquet mallet beneath his coat, moved away from John and extended his hand to the man.
Again, please be warned, there is gun violence and blood in this chapter, but it gets a bit more cheerful at the end.
Sleepily, John struggles to keep his hand moving as Sherlock's bottom gradually stops undulating and their breathing deepens. They fall asleep curled tight into one another, John’s hand holding Sherlock loosely, his own cock nestled into the curve of Sherlock’s arse.
Greg gave them a new update on the details of Evan Armitage’s impending trial. Sherlock had helped further by returning to Willis’ flat and locating the ball that had killed him and directing the police to the hockey stick in the garden shed. The most damning evidence, however, was that Jade Elliot had recovered well and been able to identify Armitage as her attacker. Lestrade was confident of a conviction.
John was gobsmacked. He had never, ever seen Sherlock react in such a warm, open way to anyone, not even him. Something twisted inside his stomach.
“As you are all aware, there is routine surveillance of all four principals using the City’s CCTV system. At 10.10 there was a system-wide disruption of this feed for three minutes. We are still tracking the source of that disruption. We have been unable to locate any principal on the system after 10.13. Have any of you received any communication from your principal since that time. Mrs. Watson, for the sake of this mission, I am allocating John Watson to you as your principal.”
*****
He glanced up to see Sherlock watching him intently, eyes green and glittering.
“I know exactly who murdered Mark Willis and how they did it. John, you are a genius”.
“No, no, Dadalock, no ickle.”
The acerbic insult he had resting on his bottom lip to spit at his brother dries up when he sees the kitchen table. Neatly laid out are; plates, cups and saucers, a selection of jams and marmalades in dainty miniature jars, a basket of various pastries and two servings of poached eggs resting on artisan bread. Mycroft’s jacket is hanging on the back of one of the chairs and his sleeves are rolled up. A strange noise emanates from him as he fills both a cafetiere and tea pot with boiling water.
He also finds this recent change in Rosie’s behaviour a fascinating development; the testing and pushing of boundaries, the deployment of social niceties to get what she wants. The skillful emotional manipulation of every adult she meets enthralls Sherlock. What John insists on labelling as ‘the terrible twos’, Sherlock sees as forming the bedrock of Rosie’s personality and her ability to interact with others. At times, he is in awe of her skills. He has much to learn from her.
“You bastard, you know what I’m trying to say.” But John meets his eyes, laughs and it all becomes a lot easier.
“I should very much like for us to do more kissing, and then, I would like you to make me that vegetarian dahl and spiced potato salad you promised me. I haven’t eaten properly in two days, I’m hungry and so are you”.
“That’s not, well I. Ok.” God he really did not want to use the phrase ‘not normal’.
For the prompts Date Night and Pining. Yes the two can go together.
Children would come and go into their lives after that in flurries of a few days here and there followed by a couple of months with no-one. For three months they had a five year old girl named Lucy stay with them every weekend while her Mum and Dad spent time with her brother who was fighting of leukaemia. These weekends were a whirlwind of treats and distractions and when her Mum came to collect her each Sunday evening, she thanked them profusely for all their help.
In another anonymous hotel room in yet another city, Sherlock sat on the end of the bed and stared at himself in the mirror opposite, forcing himself to stand and begin his day. He winced slightly at the pull of the healing leg injury and stopped to check the bandaging covering the deep gash. He thought of John and how he would have sat quietly and methodically drawn the torn skin together with butterfly sutures and gentle words. Sherlock would need to visit a pharmacy at some point today so he could redress it.
“Yeah.” John was too busy trying to parse Michael’s last statement. Close for a while, not so much now, but still mat…. Oh! God he was an idiot. Sherlock and Michael had… had they? What about the whole ‘married to my work’ speech? Maybe it was just him? Or maybe John had misunderstood Michael? A glimmer of light appeared in John’s mind. The wasted hours spent lusting after his new flatmate despite his best efforts to push it away, ignore it. What if there was hope? What if …
Sherlock gathers data and John gathers his nerve.
everything.”
Sherlock had been assessing the situation and suddenly turned on his heels and ran back towards Lestrade’s car. The policeman followed him “Its Ok Sherlock, he’s safe, there’s no way she’s getting out of this. He’s safe”
Sherlock has already memorised the accommodation list. He steps back, scanning John’s beaming face.
“What the fuck are you doing in my shed?” The blonde man who had wrenched the door open filled the doorway, blocking out most of the light.
Instead he nodded.
John raised his head slowly, frowning but a smile warming his eyes:
“Sherlock, what I said was wrong. It was unprofessional, an invasion of your privacy and I am truly sorry. In my defence, I was very, very drunk at the time, which now I come to think of it is also not so great and so I apologise for that too.”
“Well, we both had a few too many pints and I headed off to the loo. He followed me and waited outside. When I came out, he sort of lunged at me and the next thing I knew we were kissing”.
“Oh, John,” Sherlock pants out, tears coming from the corners of his eyes. “Oh, please promise me you will never say that again.” More shaking. “Fill me with your-” but Sherlock Holmes is unable to end his sentence because he dissolves helplessly into another fit of giggles. When he finally manages to draw a breath, he looks up at a stunned John.
John turned his head away from Sherlock sharply. He had nothing to say, couldn’t find the words to express the extent of the damage the wound had done, the way it had decimated his life, his identity and his career.
man fell in love with you all over again. It has always been you. Only ever you. That’s why I want us to get married. So that if anything should ever happen to me, you will know, the world will know, that we are everything to each other.”
“Jesus Sherlock, that was fucking gorgeous. If I’d known marriage would do this, I’d have proposed a lot sooner. Are you OK, love?”
(See the end of the chapter for
A quiet cough derailed John's ponderings. He turned, expecting a second older gentleman, but came face to chin with a much younger man, possibly only in his late twenties or early thirties. He wore an immaculate suit of royal blue matched with a paler blue shirt and red tie. A sharply trimmed beard accentuated his jawline, mostly blond but shot through with the occasional red. John wished he had brought Sherlock after all; this guy was even more intimidating.
“Lestrade, what abomination is this! I insist you release John immediately. How dare you insinuate he is in any way involved in something as unpleasant as this? If you do not I shall have to..”
“Hi, room for a little one”? Janine giggled, coming in the door.
“I need you Sherlock. You know how I can get. I need to see you under me, spread out on the bed. Oh my beautiful, I need to see you with your hard dick in your hand, stroking it slowly while you gaze up at me, other hand thrown behind your head. You are such a tease when you’re like that Sherlock, all languid and pliable. I need to be able to lick you, lick you from the back of your ear, down, down past your nipples, down past your cock and lick that glorious arse of yours, fill you with my tongue until you squirm and pant. I need to lie on top of you, holding your hands above your head, still and dazed until I slowly, slowly press my cock into yours and move backwards and forwards, that delicious slide, while I bite and lick your neck, shoulders and collar bone”.
Day 17 and the prompt is make up.
Sherlock grinned at him “How could you? We had the time of our lives! The running and chasing, the investigations and winding up Lestrade, back when we were young. It all seems so long ago but it keeps me warm at night. I have missed you every day John Watson”
“I want every part of you. If this is not what you want, Sherlock, you need to say so, right now, because I don’t think I can stop again.”
This step gave Sherlock most cause for concern as he wasn’t in the slightest bit inclined to change anything about John and was most certain that the feeling was mutual. After much consideration in relation to such things as hair styles, new furniture or taking John for their Friday night date to a restaurant that was not Angelo’s, he eventually settled on buying himself a new white shirt and replacing some of John’s older jumpers as a surprise.
“What?”
Lestrade had asked her about Mark’s other friends and family. Apparently his father had died, he had one sister living in Bristol and his mother was in Hampstead. Mark had got on well with everyone, according to Jade and was out socialising most nights.
Sherlock zoned out again. His looked at John, at his left hand resting on his own thigh. Sherlock thought about that hand, holding it in the cab while John’s voice had filled his head with those intriguing images. Getting out of the cab, John had rested it very lightly on the small of his back, just for a moment. Then, as they had been coming up in the lift, the same hand had again been at the small of his back until it drifted down and lightly held Sherlock’s buttock, just for a moment. Sherlock had been a bit surprised but it had been lovely. He wondered should he be returning these small gestures.
Sherlock is suddenly overwhelmed. Memories of the last time he planned a wedding assault him and the gut-tearing and twisting pain of losing John all over again. He freezes, staring at Mycroft but only seeing Mary. He  hears his own violin music and he watches John dance; with her.
“So the baby will need medical care?”
“I believe that we are definitely in a relationship of sorts but am unsure of the parameters of its definition. A couple would comply with the norms of social construct but I believe that in standardised patterns of behaviour, that too short a period of time has elapsed for us to define it in such a way”
Just for a moment, a fraction of a second, a fill of ventricles before they could pump out again, Sherlock wondered if he was capable of this, of being what someone else needed. What he so badly wanted to be. Then the thinking finally stopped and he closed the gap between then, pressed his fully clothed body hard against John’s wet and naked one, and kissed him, a swirl and slide of warm tongues and breath, arms wrapped around one another, clinging and pulling each other closer as lips and tongues devoured the other.
_____________________
“Well, yes, we discussed it. My younger brother and I had sat up late one night hashing it out. He convinced me things were never going to change unless I pushed Mark. He said I had to get him to make a decision or get out. To be honest, I thought it was going to force his hand, get him to realise I wasn’t going to wait forever. I was rather shocked when he agreed that it was probably better we break up and by then I had to agree. It had been my idea after all”.
“Then we just sit back and wait?”
“Did you have any contact with Mark since you broke up?”
The heavy man landed hard on his back but turned and pointed the gun in his right hand up at Sherlock. Sherlock swung the handle of the umbrella as hard as he could and knocked the gun out of the man’s hand as Mrs. Hudson shrieked. Both men made a grab for the gun but Sherlock just got his hand to it first. Standing over the man sprawled on the floor, Sherlock pointed the gun at him
“Sherlock, we have the records from Willis’ mobile phone. What did you want to know?”
"Lestrade must be having the same row over and over with his wife. If only Lestrade had a John. Maybe he should help him find one. Now, that was a challenge Sherlock could enjoy."
was why he had never attempted this before. His feelings for John have been unwavering for years but he had long ago decided that it was better to love John from afar and keep him in his life than to act on it. It is better to have John’s friendship than to ignite what they have and then stand back and watch it torch them both alive.
“Welk, I like him. Former soldier and medical man, he was telling me.”
The touch rouses his sleeping husband, eyes opening to meet John’s, reaching in for a kiss and stretching himself at the same time. John is surprised and a little wary when Sherlock pushes forward and slowly, deliberately, grinds his erection into John’s.
“And I intend to begin immediately” he grinned, wickedly.
John adds a second finger, but climbs up to his knees to be able to go deeper, his strokes smoother, slower. More lube, a third finger and Sherlock is mewling; small, pitiful noises as John methodically fucks him, brushing his prostate on each outward slide. John’s other hand is between his own legs, sliding his cock through a loose fist as he studies Sherlock’s face.
As John runs his hands up and down Sherlock’s back, the muscles relaxing, they sway gently. The kiss deepens, tongues lazily caressing as Sherlock drops his hands to hold John by the backside. Their eyes are closed and it takes John a monumental effort to speak.
“What?”
“Sit” he instructed her, quietly, the SIG still pointed at her. Mary had not looked at him once since they had left Baker Street but that was fine by him, he had no desire to look into those eyes that he had sworn to love forever. As she pulled out one of the tatty chairs, something scuttled long the wall. John glanced at the noise and heard a tearing noise from Mary’s direction. When he looked back at her, she was pointing a gun at his head, and he raised his to point at hers
“The same way you were saved, darling boy. By the love of a good man”. Sherlock nods, almost imperceptibly.
“Sherlock. Sherlock love, look at me.” John’s voice is low and calming, “It’s getting late. Maybe it’s time we called it a day?”
Everyone around the table shook their heads except Molly.
“I always knew it would end like this”
“I want you to take a photograph of me with the finest, bravest human being
He was rewarded with another blinding grin. "John, it is."
"Sherlock, mindful of his manners, just about managed a “John, I ..” before pulling John’s chair back from the desk and throwing his leg across his blogger who suddenly had a very full lap of whimpering detective".
Sherlock curled forward, elbows on knees, face in his hands and puffed out an exasperated grunt. “He’s… oh, I don’t know - got into my head! It’s ridiculous. He’s….. distracting. I keep having these …….”
“What do you want?” Sherlock enquired politely.
They stared at each other for a long moment, each deducing the other, although Sherlock already knew his head to toe black burkah would not yield up too many clues. He removed the niqab covering all but his eyes and grinned at the brother he had not seen in seven years.
A pale light shone on John’s face and he began to grasp for it, pushing up through the fog in his mind. Part of him was afraid to open his eyes but in the end he decided he had nothing to lose; if he was dead he needed to know that too. He only opened them for a fraction of a second, the light burning, and all he took in was grey and stone. Next, he became aware of the burning agony in his damaged shoulder and it was when he tried to stretch he realised he was unable to move, mostly because both wrists were handcuffed, although not together.
Love. Maybe he should just get it over and done with and tell John the truth. Better to end things now before he gets used to this touch, these beautiful words. John has every right to be angry. Sherlock has manipulated him. He opens his eyes.
He found the phone and called Lestrade.
They were interviewed at length about their health, income, support network and the flat was thoroughly examined for safety hazards. Sherlock proudly showed them his clear labelling system and containers used for his more expansive experiments.
hard at his marriage, he decided to tell John. They were in the middle of a heated, but healthy, conflict over the loss of John’s old, and he claimed, favourite jumpers, when Sherlock chose to tell his husband of his plan to improve their marriage.
“Have you found his phone? I need to see his phone”
The need to make Sherlock his shocks John with its force.  He tears out of his own jeans and T-shirt, shoes and underwear and is behind Sherlock again, pressing every inch of himself into the taller man. His hard cock presses into the crack of that plush arse and Sherlock wiggles back on him as John grinds forward. His hands slide over those shoulders to Sherlock’s hair and pull, just the right side of pain as he licks a broad stripe down Sherlock’s spine.
“Your Majesty” he intoned, leaning forward and kissing the lady on the cheek, “may I introduce you to my husband, John Watson-Holmes”. The Queen extended her hand:
For the prompt 'Work'
It was just as well, as it turned out, because Sherlock ended up spending a considerable amount of time looking after Johanna. Certainly far more than anyone, most especially Sherlock, could have predicted.
“Confirming your own findings, Dr. Watson, you are both fine. It is now thirty six hours since she was exposed to the bacteria so highly unlikely she is infected. However, you both must finish your antibiotics. Any changes, give me a call.”
“I am quite sure. Have you ever known me to doubt my own mind? Now, Martha, unhand me, we have a wedding to go to.”
latest experiment, I think we should pop over and collect Rosie and bring him a gift.”
The first two times his mobile rang, John missed it. In fairness, he was using a hand-held blender at the time, pureeing organic porridge made with baby formula. Today was a big day in the Holmes-Watson household as Emilia was now six months old and today was her first attempt at solid food.
“Your daughter has the largest adenoids of any child I have ever seen. She has sleep apnoea and every time she lies down and sleeps, they swell and close over. When her blood oxygen levels drops, she automatically wakes screaming. They have to go, and the tonsils, and they have to go now”.
“What do you want?” entreated Sherlock.
Sherlock was triumphant “As I suspected! Quick John, we must find the mallets, I think we may well find the murder weapon. They must be in the shed”.
“You called her Charlotte? Hmmm not what I would have picked but nice enough I suppose. And yes, I knew you loved him. It was written all over your face in the restaurant the night you proposed. I was eclipsed, there and then. I hated him for that”
Sherlock and John finally get to eat their healthy dinner, there is a problem with a melon and an apricot makes a special guest appearance.
Sherlock nodded acknowledgement of the name and stooped to admire the boy, estimating he was four and a half months old with his mother’s dark skin but his father’s bright blue eyes. He stroked the child’s cheek gently. He had never imagined there would be another Holmes.
me to let you go all the way in. You do beg me, my sweet, don’t you?”
“Ah, there’s my beau’ful boy! S’Sh’lock!” John was delighted. Sherlock, on the other hand, turned on his heel and left.
Glancing at the clock, he realised Emilia would be arriving in from school soon and then it would be time for Sherlock’s bed bath so he had better pull himself together. He was so tired. Maybe tonight he should go home and sleep. But what if….
Molly pulled the sheet down from the corpse’s head “It’s the fracture. It’s a very particular shape. Perfectly round. I was unable to identify what weapon may have been used to cause such a fracture, did you find anything at the scene?”
The dull ache in his arthritic left shoulder should have been enough to distract him from his nerves but it was now such a constant that he barely registered it. All John’s focus was on the man sitting with his back to him, alone amongst all these people.
“Yes, of course. I have done this before, Sherlock. I pushed her and she insisted he was very popular. It was only as I was wrapping up the interview that she mentioned Willis’s ex-girlfriend, woman by the name of Eloise Armitage. Said they had been together for over 3 years and Armitage had taken the break up very badly, apparently. Said Mark had told her Eloise kept phoning him and emailing him, couldn’t accept it was over”.
“Quite right too.”
For the first time, Sherlock turned to face John, who was alarmed to see the tracks of tears down Sherlock’s face.
“I would have thought even you could deduce breakfast, Sherlock. Do call John, the eggs are getting cold. Ah, there he is.”
With a nod from Violet Holmes, Major Anthea McMillan began her tactical briefing:
The man who answered the door took Sherlock’s breath away. The same brown eyes, the same dark hair albeit in a different style, the same smile. This man was expecting him.
“Nothing in here but the whiskey. No poison”
Where are you? I’ll come and get you.
The following year Michael submitted a charcoal grey suit paired with an tightly-fitted aubergine shirt and a dramatic full-length wool coat as his piece for the Final Year show, modelled by a taciturn Consulting Detective. He graduated with a First.
“Right. Well, I’ve learned something very useful from all this”.
Sherlock stood and watched as each visitor came and went. He had been the first person John had called when Mary went into labour and had actually been in the corridor waiting outside when she was born. John had popped his head out of the labour room and beckoned him in, ignoring Sherlock’s attempts at refusal. Sherlock smiled shyly at Mary sitting up in the bed, aware that he may be intruding. Mary had just smiled up at him tiredly and handed him a bundle of baby.
“No risk of poisoning then?”
Sherlock stands for a moment, his back to John, his skin stark contrasts of warm light and deep shade in the small light from the fire.
“No, Rosie, and say ‘Sherr-lock. Sherlock’.”
“Ladies, I am sure you all understand why we have asked you here today. Mrs Watson, much consideration has been given to including you in this conversation, considering both your past and your impending situations. However, I have decided that for the time being, you may be useful so I shall proceed with my briefing. Just to be clear, following the events of the past 24 hours, Operation Flower Crowns is  now go.”
“Yeah, John. Tell him why you left” chuckled Greg.
Sherlock’s orgasm was vast and he felt it in his toes, his hair follicles and fingers. His brain whited out and he collapsed in a heap on the bed. As his breathing settled, his brain came back on line. He rolled over and looked up at the grinning John.
“I am sorry for the pain it caused you, none of it was done intentionally to hurt you, but I am not sorry for Mary, or for marrying her.”
The car was empty, save for the driver, and headed south east, past Wellington’s Arch on the corner of Hyde Park and up Constitution Hill. As it became apparent they were actually turning
He was more than a little surprised when his phone beeped and it was a message from Sherlock asking him to meet him to work on the case. With his newly minted self-awareness flooding over him like a bucket of cold water, he stood up. Of course he would go and meet Sherlock. It looked like this was how it was going to be now; Sherlock would call and he would always go.
John’s gaze dragged down the pale, narrow body supplicated before him. He reached out a hand and stroked Sherlock’s chest, trailed his fingers over his ribs and down his arms. He thought of what they had been though, the weeks of worry while Sherlock remained in a coma, the fear he would never wake up, then when he did, that he may never walk. John’s hands trailed down to Sherlock’s sharp hip bones and he remembered the fear he had felt and then it came, surging through his veins, the anger at what had been done to them all. He leaned down and bit gently at the long neck stretched out for him and pulled Sherlock’s face towards him, kissing fiercely, hungrily.
They were dropped to a side door, held open for them by a waiting footman who ushered them into a small hall and then up a narrow flight of stairs. It was all plain and very much ‘below stairs’. At the top of the stairs, the footman opened a door and they stepped into a long hallway, lavishly decorated with gilt door frames, rich claret carpet and a row of crystal chandeliers. At the end of the hallway to their right was a floor to ceiling window. Beneath it, stood a figure.
“Security, John. My being married is not something we wish a considerable number of people to know. A friend of mine suggested this location and it seemed rude to decline. That,” he turned to address Sherlock, “is why you couldn’t know of the event before now. Certain precautions had to be put into place. My apologies. Now, if you don’t mind, I would rather like to get on with the matter at hand. Anthea, shall we?” If he didn’t know better, John would have thought he saw a sight hint of nerves.
“We’re here lads” The cabbie called, brightly. “That’ll be seventeen quid. Sorry it took a while, it’s the bloody weather”.
Retreating to the sofa to think, Sherlock was in turmoil. Would this be the end of the kissing? Would John realise what he was letting himself in for after all and decide he was better off just being Sherlock’s flatmate. Worse still, would he move out?
The deluge of noise calmed and settled as John waited to speak.
, bedroom. He pulled out the strong box from underneath John’s side of the bed and discovered it was unlocked and John’s pistol was gone.
“You said you were working with the police. Where’s your warrant, I know my rights, you can’t go barging around people’s homes -“ his words fell on deaf ears as Sherlock and John were already sprinting away, heading towards the side gate, John deftly hurdling over two croquet hoops on the way. Evan Armitage gave chase. “Oi you bastards, come back here!”
They walked to the bottom of the garden as a new shape shifted and clicked into place in Sherlock’s mind. The bucket emptied and rosemary picked, they wordlessly headed back to the house. On the back step, Sherlock leaves his hand on his mother’s arm and leans down to kiss her cheek and understands that as he and Mycroft launch into their dangerous plan, he has a new secret weapon.
Time has been kind to him, John thought, kinder than it has been to me. Twenty two years, a lifetime. Of course, if anyone asked him he would pretend to calculate it, work it out, make a big show of not knowing. In truth he knew how long it was to the month. Practically to the minute.
“I am giving that code to no one, it is not an option. We have to find them and get them out”.
Sherlock bent close to the dead man’s suit jacket and sniffed “He had been drinking alcohol when he died but just the one, a mid-range Irish whiskey, probably Jamesons. He spilled the whiskey as he fell” Sherlock crawled on his hands and knees, looking under the bed but then going at speed towards the chest of drawers on the other side of the room. He scrabbled underneath it and retrieved a glass tumbler and sniffed it.
“What did you talk about?”
“Your generation have had so many more opportunities than mine. I made sure you had the freedom to embrace all that life had to offer you, to truly be yourself, body and soul. I did not always have that freedom, Sherlock. I do not want to upset you but there was a time that marriage and a family were the last things in the world I wanted. I too have seen darkness, experienced self-destruction but I was rescued”.
“Jesus Fuck, but you’re beautiful!” John knows Sherlock will be disparaging of his praise, still dismissive despite John’s best efforts to persuade him of his attractiveness. Still, even now after two years of this, it astounds John that he had the right to touch, to caress, to kiss.
“Yes, he also had traces of ecstasy and marijuana in his system but at much lower levels. He probably hadn’t used either of those in a number of days. The alcohol was fresh in his stomach. He was drinking it as he died”.
“Seriously Sherlock, I am loving all this attention and affection but I could do without the pouncing. I’m not entirely sure why you seem particularly um, clingy, today but I think we need to address it head on”.
Detective Inspector Lestrade handed Dr. Watson a cup of luke-warm liquid the same shade of grey as the chair he was sitting on.
The rest of the afternoon was spent with Sherlock working at the kitchen table while John prepared dinner. He fed his addiction with a steady drip feed of small individual kisses, leaning back on his stool as John passed back and forth, lips offered up as he blocked John’s path until he got his way. Dinner eaten, Sherlock kept John close, even going so far as helping with the washing up so he could peck at John’s cheek when he couldn’t hold back any longer.
“I have some ideas but need to think about them. I need the phone records – Anderson has it- and the autopsy report. You also need to interview the girlfriend. I estimate they have been together approximately two and a half weeks and she has not been to the flat or been given a key but you should confirm that. Come along John and you can tell me how you knew the victim”.
That night, Emelia slept between her fathers, both sleeping only fitfully. John watched his peaceful child sleeping, her face illuminated only by the moonlight filtering through the curtains. His panic was beginning to subside a little as time passed without any symptoms and his thoughts went to the family of the infected child. He hoped the child was recovering.
As so it was that after five days of Sherlock working
Today, however, he had found himself standing in front of his wardrobe, still damp and with water dripping from his hair onto his naked body, racked with indecision. He was trying to work out what John would like to see him wearing. Then he was trying to understand why that mattered.
Indeed, Rosie, master of manipulation and queen of the dizzying mood change, decides to take a different approach. She drapes herself along Sherlock’s side, small hands balled up under his arm, wriggling fingers tickling a little. She looks up at him from beneath her blonde eyelashes.
__________________________
John spun on the spot to once again regard himself in the mirror. He went up on his tiptoes irrespective of the fact that he would still only be able to see from his waist up. He turned back to face Sherlock. “Is it too tight? God, I haven’t seen the trousers prop- Um. Sherlock, your sheet, it’s…” John gestured down in the general direction of Sherlock’s middle. They both looked down. Sherlock’s sheet had developed a bit of a gape and the parting of the fabric revealed that Sherlock had a full, straining erection.
“Over react, over react! How would you like it if I walked in to a, a crime scene and started talking about your penis?”
Sherlock picks up the file, “Ah, our honeymoon,” he deduces, without much enthusiasm.
“Brilliant” John smirked. “Amazing”. Sherlock turned to him with a gleam in his eye. Just for a moment, John thought he was going to be kissed “How exactly did you get that from an apricot?”
The record for driving a field hockey ball is 200 feet and the impact of a ball driven at someone's head at great speed from a closer distance could indeed kill them.
Sherlock glances around at the other families enjoying the park. Rosie’s shrieked protest has drawn a few concerned glances. He returns her to the grass and plops down next to her, long legs crossed. He awaits her next foray in this battle; experience has taught him she is a formidable foe.
“John, as wonderful as that was, I believe that you may have been holding something back from me”.
For the prompt, spanking.
“So, we have no suspects, no murder weapon, no motive, no idea how they got into the flat. We know it wasn’t poison and we know no-one else has a key to the flat. What we
“Lovely to meet you John, after all our chats on the phone. Enjoy your trip.” John smiles at him, taken aback at the way the man has held onto his hand so long.
“John, I would very much appreciate your help with an experiment”.
Each nipple was sucked in turn, bitten gently. Sherlock let out a low, deep groan and experimentally John bit a little more firmly. Sherlock curved his back up in response, pushing his nipple into John’s mouth. John stored that away for later.
John was crowded up into Sherlock, his angry face only millimetres from the taller man’s, every muscle bunched and his fists clenched by his sides.
Turns out we have all been underestimating the women in Sherlock's life
(See the end of the chapter for
“Please tell me you remembered the milk, I’m gagging for a cup of tea”.
John was confused, He had been hoping for some tea, maybe a sandwich and a sit down. Accident and Emergency had been like a war zone and he would still be there had he not been spotted by a nurse he used to work with who got him some preferential treatment.
“You are initiating the notification protocol?”
It had been sixteen days since Moriarty had filled the nation’s screens, crooned “Did you miss me?” and the plane had turned around.
step.
Sherlock was indisputably happy. All the people he loved were here with him to celebrate the day he never thought would come. That John had asked him to marry him was still a bit of a shock, his acceptance instantaneous in case John changed his mind. He was profoundly relaxed and full of uncharacteristic bonhomie. Dinner was cleared and the dancing began, Sherlock and John taking centre stage for their first dance. As their waltz came to an end, Sherlock buried his face in John’s shoulder as a tear escaped, finally letting go of the vestiges of pain from the last time they prepared for a wedding waltz. Neither man spoke, they just held tight to each other.
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock. Have you any idea just how fucking sexy you are? No seriously, have you even the slightest understanding?”
“I mean, my life was such that I never gave it any thought. It was never an outside possibility, so I didn’t waste any brain power thinking about it.” Sherlock maintains a steady gaze on Rosie who now has one hand outstretched towards the yellow bucket handle.
“Mine,” growls John and he begins to fuck Sherlock hard, making sure he hits his prostate with every thrust. Sherlock’s hand flies on his own needy cock as he growls John’s name, his arse pushing back, spine curved and head thrown back. He comes first, hard, covering the back of John’s chair in spurts. John comes three or four thrusts later, his arm wrapping around Sherlock’s belly to keep him upright. His own knees buckle and he unceremoniously pulls out as they fall to the floor, panting and laughing.
(See the end of the chapter for
* * *
Sherlock stretches in every direction, arms above his head, legs as wide as he can get them, the right one falling off the edge of the bed in the process. Most of him hurts. Some, in a good way; muscles with a very specific purpose that have not been used for a long time; his cock is slightly raw, his arse tender and he has a sore spot on his neck where he suspects John bit him.
“Good morning, dear. Oh Sherlock, can you believe it! It’s finally here. I still can’t quite believe it. It only seems like yesterday that I met you in that strip club, undercover in your fishnets and spangles. You were so young. Still..”
“Because, that’s what I would like too. Not right away, but, yeah. I’d like to have a baby with you.” John grins and they grin at each other. “As soon as you said it, my head filled with pictures of this curly-headed whirlwind of mischief, playing with Rosie. I could hear her laugh and it just seemed so right.” John gazes at Sherlock, eyes dancing with joy at this imagined child. Then he draws himself up straight, his face filled with determination.
“OK, our mission is to locate the principals, retrieve them alive and apprehend those responsible for their disappearance, all as quickly as possible. Colonel Holmes will be Mission Commander. Mrs. Watson, you will be in responsible for comms., Agent Hudson, as usual you will be in charge of armaments. Captain Hooper, Sergeant Donovan and I shall be in the field” She turned to Mrs. Holmes “Ma’am are you happy to debrief Mrs. Watson? Hooper and Donovan, with me. You’ll need to change”.
“I insist!” Sherlock’s nose had wrinkled slightly at the mention of M&S. “It’s the least I can do, under the circumstances.”
The sweep and the sworl of your keratin strands,
They pushed through the swing doors into the high support neonatal unit. There were four incubators, all occupied by tiny babies. Sue brought them to the one closest to the window. There lay a delicate baby girl, dressed in a pink vest and hospital issue pink hat. She was sleeping, her tiny hands starfished above her head, her face turned to the left. The midwife smiled at them and when Sue introduced them as Dr. Watson and Mr Holmes, immediately began to give John the run down on her treatment.
On the way home, John dragged Sherlock around Tesco. They had been doing really well on their, well John’s, commitment to eat less take away and more home cooked food. Tonight, John was planning to make a vegetarian lasagne with garlic bread and side salad. Sherlock had complained this was an indecent volume of vegetables for any meal but still managed to spend eight minutes comparing the relative values of courgettes verses aubergines for the lasagne. In the end, John had dragged him away by agreeing to use a combination of both. He did try to explain to Sherlock the work this would involve, needing to salt the vegetables to draw out their liquid but Sherlock had moved on to deducing a member of staff in the fruit and veg section. A quiet word in the store Manager’s ear before their departure informing her that the staff member was systematically stealing from the store resulted in them being rewarded their shopping for free.
The door burst open and three men clad head to toe in black bulletproof gear, helmets and goggles filled the doorway. Instinctively John pointed the gun still in his hand at them and began to scream.
He had no idea how long he had been there when he heard a voice outside the door call his name.
The group around John was getting larger and noisier until suddenly, the crowd parted like a wave and in front of him was his precious Eva, glorious in her midnight blue lace dress. She came and hugged him tightly, kissing him gently on the cheek and simultaneously taking in the four empty glasses, slightly flushed cheeks and tension behind his eyes. She squeezed his hand lightly and ordered two sparkling waters, effortlessly taking over the hand shaking, collecting of congratulations and skilful deflection of personal questions.
