“Just like his father,” Maria whispers.
“Just her activating me a little earlier than I wanted.”  It waves a hand and Tony stares at the stairs with bodies, a previous version of him leaning over Steve, looking for a pulse.  “But that was one path the future could have gone. That is one way you did go,” it smiles. “But that is another universe with other variables.  Reality and Time stones were always the most compatible. They were created at the same time from the same family of beings. Sister stones of a sort.”
It’s a satellite image of Team Cap sitting in the lush palace gardens.  Wanda is manipulating a plant in the first of this series of images.  It blossoms in the second.  Clint is watching her both times, eyes sad. Scott Lang’s face is lit up as he watches her work.  Sam Wilson is wandering in the edges of the pictures.  His shoulders are straight, tense, a solider back at war.  Natasha is close at his side, back turned both times.
Tony can’t read this tilt of his face.  Hadn’t wanted to, back when he was younger.  Hasn’t needed to for over 20 years. Instead he nods, cautiously.
“Yes,” Tony replies.  “But I can still feel it you know.  Even after everything, I can feel it.  Like it’s still there.”
“I understand sir.”
Tony's pants are wrinkled and the shirt has been rolled to his elbows but are still dotted with oil.  A smudge of something like ink is on his cheek.  His hair has slowly upended itself from the gel, scattered every which way.  It's longer than usual.  Bruce doesn't mention the length, no one does, because it shows the grays easier.  Shows him better, underneath all the pomp and fuss.  It reminds Bruce of the early days.
All you kid.  That was all you and your big brain.  And your genius partner in crime.
“Why,” Tony asks.  “Why make me dream?  You could have done this a million other ways.”
Steve replies with, “I hadn’t noticed.”  Natasha snorts, and Steve’s spent enough time with her, hiding from authorities, suspects -  trading stories while waiting to know exactly what that noise means.  “Honestly,” he adds, softly.
The world is blinding, like a light turned on in perpetual darkness, and Tony shuts his eyes closed, turning against the source.  There is a hand on his shoulder before a breeze rushes through him and then settles there, in his chest, filling him until his skin feels uncomfortably tight.
“You were meant for impossible things.  Destruction and rebirth. A God in your own right.”  It laughs again in the startling echo. “I am the reaper of Gods.  Should I reap you today?”
Again.
Something in the back of his head chuckles, and Tony resists the urge to smack himself.
Steve still doesn’t say anything back. Typical.
“Me too,” she echoes. “But I’m okay with that.”  Covering the red in her ledger with her own, that’s got to be enough, she hopes. It needs to be enough. It’ll have to be. She can’t clean out all the red, so hopefully - Natasha stills the thought.
Tony waves his hand without looking up.  “No now FRIDAY.  I gotta finish this.”
"Yeah. Thanks girl," he replies, picking up the tablet and already making the motions to turn it off. He tosses it to the non Rhodey occupied side of the couch and turns. "Any issues honey bear?"
, you won't be proving everyone wrong." She wipes her eyes quickly before she places both hands his cheeks so he looks her straight in the eye. "You'll be proving me right."
Maybe Obie was just another example of that.  Another tragedy of his own creation.
Sam says, when Tony tracks him down.
More than a few reporters' attention gets pulled to their buzzing phones, and Tony claps his hands together, jolting a few in the front row. "Okay what questions do you have for me today?"
Bruce huffs, and Tony knows what he isn’t saying,
Steve doesn’t look at the arm in horror.  Doesn’t look at him like he’s mix of Frankenstein and the monster, which he feels like on the worst days.  On the best days, he’s one or the other.
Tony grins, too bright to be genuine.  “He’ll be fine kiddo.  If we couldn’t take him down, he can survive everything.”
Thor responds with, “My father is dead but everything I thought he had done is a lie, my sister Hela overthrew Asgard and tried to kill me multiple times but I killed her, my brother Loki is not dead but is working as a double agent against Thanos.  Also I believe the Hulk and I are friends now.  We, along with Loki and Valkyrie, make up the Revengers and overthrew the Grandmaster.”
Steve thinks about Tony a lot.
Steve pulls himself closer until he is aligned with Tony, half covering him.  “I watch you because you fascinate me.  Because I want to understand how your mind works.  Because I can’t help but look at you.”
Steve’s face does a complicated twist before settling in a placid sort of smile.  “Pepper took over the company, rebranded with everything,” he shrugs around the talk of the immediate chaos after he died.  “She released your ten year plan of different electronics and Peter came on board to SI two years in. Took the company more biomedical than your initial take.  He always said he was just improving on the ideas in your archives.”
“Well,” Coulson starts, and Tony almost busts out laughing because Coulson’s hair looks like some version of a Captain America haircut.  “An experimented upon human who thought she was an alien, but more or less yes.”
Draft reply to 54985-466-8653
He doesn’t know if he can lose Steve again.  Doesn’t want to find out.)
Instead, Tony shrugs and takes a sip. “Ask a question, and we’ll see.”
, Jarvis says with a small smile.  Tony doesn’t think anyone would hold it against him now.
Bruce comes in early that morning, before the lab's windows adjust to filter in the daylight to Tony still in the lab.  He doesn't blast music anymore, conscientious of his shared lab to the point that Bruce sometimes wanted to bring up.  This thing between them is still to fragile.  The glue they have begun to put to their friendship in the aftermath of Ultron hasn't dried yet, so Bruce keeps quiet and his distance.
Steve doesn't call him on it, just follows the stretcher, careful to keep the space.
Tony’s never been easy.  He won’t start now.
So he sits in his corner of the Jarvis’ living room tonight while his Mom, Ana and Jarvis talk.  The glance back at him every few words until Jarvis brings out the dominoes, and it becomes a high stakes game of Muggins that turns even the mild tempered Jarvis vicious.
There is a suit of armor in the lab, grey and gunmetal and big. It's got better firepower, turns on a goddamn dime, and can only be used by James Rhodes. It's almost done, but Tony's not sharing it until Rhodey asks. Until he wants it. He doesn't want to overstep. He's not sure if this is the end of War Machine or if his friend will hand it over to someone else.
Don’t make me put on the suit and come track you down.
He’s adrift in a way he hasn’t been in years.
He adds an additional note beneath that to check on the security protocols for the chip and see what, if any, attempted hacks have been made today. Leaning back, he sets the design to spin as he looks at it, checking for immediate failures. He notes a few points to test, knows Rhodey is quietly watching him, Vision is still drifting in near vicinity, but idle in his perusing of the situation.
"This is good intel Tony," Cap says. Tony swings his gaze back to the man. He's serious, a small twist of the lips. "Can I review this to make sure I can prepare training sessions correctly?"
Two day later, Tony goes back into the study he has spent the last month working with JARVIS to walk him through things.  He is silent as he cleans up the components he had been breaking apart, equations scribbled out again and again on paper, notes he has scattered from different projects.  It takes two hours but he organizes the place until it’s gleaming, barely anything out and a trash bag filled with everything he doesn’t understand.
BARF automatically shuts down at the end of the memory, and Tony sits in his dimly lit lab and repeats, “Okay.”
“You going to be okay?” Steve asks.
He is going to kill you for sending me that video of him singing while making eggs.
But Tony knows who they are, how they are, and knows that is something he can't say.  Won't say.
Bruce moves to touch his right side and Tony flinches away, jarring him enough that he can feel the pain in the back of his teeth.  “It’s okay,” Bruce says.  We’ll figure it out.”
"I can't promise you anything you won't believe Peter, but I will be there.  For the next step, and the one after that, until the last ones.  I will be there for the moments in between.". Peter's eyes meet his.  "You carved yourself into my heart Peter.  I can't not be there, even if you wanted me gone.  I'll carry you always."
,” Spidey says.  “Yes.”  Bruce and Tony look at each other for a moment, and Tony sees the exasperated,
They eventually let him out, and Steve takes him back to his apartment.  “You housed me when I woke up in the future,” he had said ruefully. “Now it’s my turn to repay the favor.”
Tony takes in a breath.  “Lock me out of here for a month.”
“You shouldn’t have to wear a glove.”
They are shooting for the battle in Wakanda. Steve can blend in as another soldier and Tony hadn't been there. They can ask Strange to merge the two versions back after and no one will be the wiser about time travel or anything else.
indeed."
I don’t.  That was the whole point.  Or did you forget about accountability and wiping out the red in our ledgers?
Tony watches the tiny picture cycling through the footage again, as Falcon goes down, as Black Widow slips in.  He stares at the bodies around the three of them, counting injuries and categorizing them.
I’ll be arriving on the 16th.
He still loves Tony. But Steve isn't sure that will ever change.
He makes it up the stairs to the second floor before a silent alarm trips, and Tony curses.  "Fuck, three on the landing."
Steve carefully takes him in, holding his tea in two hands, even though it's still warm and humid outside, and they have opened the windows.  It's summer at its height.
It’s the same slopes he remembers.  The same ones he studies after the moments when he nearly reaches for a drink when he watches as Steve goes down - blood flowing freely between his hands.  The same hands who pulled the shield down on him armor, and Tony thought
Tony laughs.  “Just let me know if I need to hide Peter from her.”
It’s only under the hot spray that he realizes he didn’t figure out anything.  Doesn’t know how anything works more than he did before Steve left.
“It was totally Tony,” Peter returns, faintly panicked.  “Karen, tell him.”
And Tony had.  There had been lobbyists to find, influence and fund.  Senators to get on his side to make changes that didn’t begin at
Then Tony collapses.
When they all used to hang out in the manor, laughing at each other.  Movie nights and casual gatherings before it all started to go sideways.  The old days filled with scenes of Jan and Hank kissing, always in easy reach of the other.  Wanda’s bright smile and hand in Vision’s. Thor’s laughing face, two hands around a bowl of popcorn.  Steve lobbying for a black and white movie, carefully trying to hide his grin as he reaches for -
“Hi,” Bruce utters.  “I guess my room is the same.”
Draft reply to 54985-466-8653
It’s dark in here.  It’s always been. His father is sitting at a table, notebook open, scratching out equations in ink, drinking from a glass.  If he looks at the leather bound notebook, the unlined pages are familiar. The equations even more so.
"Yeah, right now."
"I love you Tony," he says, thinking of the regret and never ending feelings that well up when he sees Tony grinning to himself, chattering with his bots, in the early mornings or late evenings. Across the lab when their eyes meet or on the battlefield. "I always will, I think."
Something flitters across Jarvis' face. "I do not believe you like it when I say, you simply be yourself, " he muses, taking note when Tony nods. "Let's take an example to explain. With Miss Carter, I lend a hand when she asks. I ask about her day and listen when she wants to speak. But there are moments where I read the newspaper, and she peruses a casefile at the breakfast table. Does the fact that we aren't speaking mean we aren't friends?"
"My coffee tastes just fine."
They spend many quiet moment together after that initial week in the apartment.  Tony reading quietly in between meetings with a therapist. Steve by his side every moment.  Carefully watching him, not letting him out of his sight.
They debate in private, loudly sometimes, quietly others, scribbling arguments, playing devil’s advocate.  Tony explains why he wants certain provisions, and T’Challa explains why he won’t support others.  They learn how to compliment each other, and then begin to learn each other’s stories.  The real ones - not the ones that have played out in the news or can be read on a wiki page.
Because that chip was a prototype.  It was used to create a machine created version instead of his PCB that was placed in the Stark Industries first personal computer, sleek and chrome and
"Think about what I said?" Clint asks, and Steve hears himself laugh. "It's been months Clint."
“Yes?”  Howard says in his usual distracted manner.
She had spent much of her time curled around him or sitting with Peggy, whispering lowly, flipping through notebooks.  With Howard, quiet arguments growing louder as he aged, until they separated rooms and lives, before coming back together.  With Daniel and Jarvis and Ana, tears in her eyes sometimes, muttering about how it all ended.  How she wished she could go back for a redo.
(And yes, this was always about Tony and family.)
“I always am,” Steve counters with a grin.  Tony swallows back all the times Steve wasn’t, that he remembers.  Instead, he just nods before walking around and hugging Steve.
Steve's hair is wet, post shower, and he's quietly asking Pepper questions while he cleans the dishes.  When he looks to Tony, because of course he caught Tony's entrance, he smiles, a small little thing in comparison to an hour earlier.
They sit there, quiet while Tony works and Steve watches him work.  He looks up once and catches Steve watching him.  He grins and they both laugh before Tony starts explaining the bike idea.
It stops just as the tip scrapes his mask’s forehead with a high pitched ring.
Draft reply to 54985-466-8653
.  They are just connectors.  Wires in flat copper lines that connect one thing to another, a battery to a light.  The ram and the microprocessor for a computer.
“Madam!” Jarvis shouts, just as Ana shake her head and replies, “Maria, you aren’t thinking.”
Steve laughs a little bit.  It’s still subdued, but it’s real. “Emotions,” he replies, shrugging.  “I think we’re both bad at them.”
There is a weird play on Steve’s face before he shrugs.  “Just getting used to the feel of all this,” his eyes dart downwards before meeting Tony’s gaze again.  And isn’t that a hell of statement. Technology, superhero fighting teams, aliens, reality TV - all encompassed in one neat statement.  Tony has to hand it to the guy, he can pack a punch even when just talking.
"You never
“Without telling anyone,” Rhodey adds.  Peter is sitting on the couch in civilian clothes, eyes wide.
Tony shakes his head.  “She barely has control of her powers.  I didn’t want her thinking she had messed up my head.”  Bruce loosens his grip just a hair.
It’s in the middle of the third time through, he realizes it’s not sticking.
"I can't make it," he admits the first time, quiet in knowing his limitations because Rhodey had made him promise to not keep pushing beyond what he can do some days.
He kisses Tony then, long and trying to explain what he can’t find the words for.  That he wants to know what he missed, that he wants to not miss another second, that he wants everything to be familiar, but it still isn’t, even three years after the civil war.  And he wants the newness to fall away, and to feel this become something comfortable and stable.
She smiles and kisses his nose, like she used to do when he was little.  “It’s okay to go now Tony. I’ll see you soon.”
as it happened.  It’s the same shade of blue eyes that he kept seeing every time he closed his eyes.
Tony wonders if that is something he is going to become.  Something Steve holds onto even beyond it’s time.
“Better than PETA,” Barnes chimes in on his right.  Tony doesn’t exactly look at him but the screen adjusts the view so it focuses more on him than Steve.  He’s looking at Tony, windswept and grinning. “That is where I was going to go.”
He deserves worse, if he’s honest.
"That looks like too many nights I've seen recently," she comments finally. Steve cleans the brush he was using to depict the lit up skyline through those floor to ceiling windows instead of doing something dumb, like trying to hide the picture.
The singing surges back into his mind with a scream and his knees buckle underneath him like they did in the 1940’s.  Everything is hot and cold at once. If he closes his eyes, he can see images of different times, future, alternative presents, past.  His mind is racing, and he can’t...he can’t...
Steve had come back to New York with the idea of demanding he and Tony finish out their contract, of letting the threat of litigation—even though he would never have gone through with it—hang over Tony’s head if he didn’t comply. That plan had been thrown out the window almost immediately, because the Tony who’d greeted him would’ve fought, wouldn’t have hesitated to drag both their names through the muck rather than give in.
“So things are going well between you and Tony,” Natasha said, looking pleased.
He’d thought about the kisses so many times by now that it was easy to imagine himself right back at Tony’s feet, Tony looking at him in approval.
for a kiss.
with you,” Tony says in a way that implies the complete opposite. “You’re just not …
And fuck, Steve thinks he’s falling in love.
Tony could love Steve as much as he wanted.
“Oh,” Steve says because sure, he’d been a little concerned about someone other than Dr. Edwards examining him, but that had been before he realized who’d be taking his place. And while it’s true that Steve’s on edge for many, many reasons, they all have to do with the state of his crotch, and he can’t imagine what Dr. Stark has in mind. He’s kind of backed himself into a corner, though, so he just smiles weakly and thanks him.
Word count: 930
What had Steve done?
“But can’t you just—” Clint waggled his fingers.
thicker than Steve’s ever given him credit for, which is crazy, because he’s imagined Tony choking him with his cock many times. In several different positions.
“You look uncomfortable,” Tony said, his head tilted to the side, one arm resting on the back of the couch. “Why don’t you relax a bit, take some clothes off.”
The next minute or so is taken up with questions, but luckily, Dr. Stark doesn’t ask anything that requires more than a nod or a shake of his head. He had the first time they met, had tried to strike up an actual conversation that had resulted in stilted answers and long silences, but he’s learned since then, for which Steve is incredibly grateful. He can’t even begin to imagine what Dr. Stark thinks about him, never lets himself wonder—except for the times he can’t stop himself, when he’s riding his favorite toy and remembering the feel of Dr. Stark’s fingers pushing into him. Then he can’t help but dwell on what kind of thoughts Dr. Stark must have about the omega who spreads his legs so wide for him and who tries so desperately not to make any kind of noise when the speculum opens him up; who fails every time.
This time, when he opened his eyes, Steve's world was bathed in crimson. It reminded him of Wanda's powers, the red swirls of magic that danced and swirled through her fingers and found himself taking a moment to take in the sky and the way the sun bared down on him in rays more red than usual.
There was a hint of sadness in those green eyes as Nat stepped forward, putting a hand on Steve's bicep and giving it a squeeze, "You knew he probably wasn't going to call when you sent him the phone, Steve. He needs time to heal. This probably hurt him a lot more than you, physically and emotionally."
"I don't know if I can stand up again, Ma," Steve told her, shaking his head, "I think it's going to be a little harder this time."
Steve could only hum as his eyes slipped shut again.
The sound of footfalls on the cement were soothing to Steve. It was a familiar route to him, one he had ran a lot when he had been stationed in DC. It was the one he had met Sam at, the one he had went out of his way to pass Sam a couple times with the familiar
. It didn't help and he found himself cupping Tony's face to pull him closer, moaning into Tony's mouth as he felt the man's clever hands move down his body, flicking at his nipples but not pausing.
Steve watched as Sarah, who had been keeled over from the first hit, raise to her feet and say something about going to the foreman with clear eyes. The next smack was not surprising, but Steve still winced and felt a burning rage settle in his gut, his fists clenching beside his sides. He went to take a step forward but was blocked by some invisible force. He watched in pride as his mom, who had been gripping her face, straightened out, blood running from her nose and lip, answering Joseph's
Steve knocked on the frame, waiting to see the brunette, who showed up in the hallway connecting the house to the door and outside world, lips painted that familiar crimson she always had it. Her hair was longer, but Peggy looked the same. Tough and determined, the small hint of softness that you should never think of as a weakness because she'd prove you wrong a thousand times over. She was never weak.
When the song played, Steve was able to pull Peggy into his arms, the two of them swaying gently in time. It wasn't like the old swing dancing or even anything above just the gentle steps that moved them in circles. Steve still didn't know how to dance and he's pretty sure there wasn't enough time now for Peggy to teach him, like she had promised.
Tony nodded, though his face gave nothing away. Steve wishes he could see his eyes, but knows that he won't be able to. Not even if he asks. He doesn't tell Tony he still loves him either. Like taking off his sunglasses, Steve lost that right when he chose to save Bucky.
Steve wanted to lay down with his mother and read
"Megi Halls í Valhalla bjóða þig velkominn, bróðir. Þú hefur verið verðugur vinur á þessum tíma. Það hefur verið heiður að berjast við hliðina á þér, skipstjóri," Thor said, his voice low and his eyes sad. Though, there was no tears in them. Steve assumed that he had seen people fall on the battlefield more than Steve had in World War II. "May the Halls of Valhalla welcome you, brother. You have been a worthy friend in this time. It has been an honour to fight beside you, Captain."
After their hugs and advice, he hefted the dufflebag of clothes onto his shoulder, fixing the cap better over his hair, and sent one last wave of goodbye. Then came the flight back to the U.S., sitting in the back of the plane and keeping his head down.
▫ ▫ ▫
he had said echoing in Steve's brain and then before that in Siberia. Neither were happy moments. Yet, when Tony turned to look at Steve from his phone, probably scrolling through Stark Industries emails from Pepper, Steve could only feel fondness when he saw the motor oil Tony had missed on the side of his jaw.
His eyes opened to those same brown eyes he was trying to avoid. Tony's expressive eyes were full of tears, tracks through the dirt on his cheeks where they had ran through the ash, and Steve didn't deserve him. Never deserved him. Everyone had held Captain America to such a high standard, but it was Tony they should have been looking up to. He has tried to sacrifice himself again and again, laying down on the metaphorical wire Steve had talked about, yelled about, when they had first met. Steve had only put a plane into the ocean, while Tony had flown a nuke through a wormhole, broke apart a would-be meteor with a chance of dying, got into a unknown alien's space ship to try and save the world from Thanos and almost succeeded in it, way more than Steve could have.
When the movie was done, Katniss and Peeta back in District Twelve and the credits rolling, everyone got up. Clint shuffled to the elevator, Thor and Bruce behind him, chatting animatedly about the movie. Steve was pretty sure Thor was talking about the dress being on fire and how Asgard could do something similar. Tony wandered back to the kitchen, obviously going to get more coffee to go back down to tinker in the workshop. Steve really should stop him, make him go to bed, but his energy for that seemed to leave.
sensation. He stared at Sam's hand, could see the fabric of his short bunch where Sam was squeezing, but his nerves didn't seem to be firing.
Peggy choked on her tears, moving out of her husband's arms and into Steve's. He squeezed her, just taking in the feel of her body and let the love that he had missed out on wash over his person. Peggy's tears were staining his shirt, but Steve could really care less as he clutched her close to him. When she finally pushed him away gently, wiping her eyes, she turned to her husband, "Steve, this is Daniel Sousa. My husband."
It took longer than it should have to pry his eyes open to take in the ruined land that the Compound had once been in. Bucky was still by him, though he had retreated a step back and was blinking to keep the tears at bay. Tony, Thor, and Sam were still right there, looking at Steve with varying degrees of sadness. Steve opened his mouth to speak, but his throat was dry. And instead of the pain making its way through his veins, it was replaced by a cold. It was invading him, making him want to shiver. The taste of ash and blood was just as bad as that of metal and salt water.
"Steve," she said almost urgently. "Are you okay?! You're heart isn't beating as fast as it-"
"Where's Barnes?" Tony's voice is cold as he asks. Steve expected it, accepts the way his heart falls lower in his chest. He pushed his ever optimistic thoughts out of his head the first day, knowing Tony would be hurt. Steve actually hadn't expected to see him until the trial. And even then, he didn't expect Tony to even talk to him there.
"And the others?"
," and left. He pretended he didn't feel Tony's eyes on him as he walked out of the room in the compound, and basically onto the ship that Rocket, Natasha, Rhodey, Thor, Nebula, Carol, Bruce, and him were going to use to find Thanos.
"Why don't you give it a little more time," Natasha said, her voice soft. Her hand was still resting on Steve's arm, trying to give him the comfort he desperately wanted from someone else. But, he wasn't just doing this so that Tony could have the team back. Both Clint and Scott had families they had to get back to, and Sam had the VA. Plus, Wanda was missing Vision, no matter how much she was denying it. The two of them had something happening before the fight at the airport happened, and Steve felt the familiar guilt settle low in his gut of dragging all of them into his battle.
"Steve, baby, what's wrong?" Tony's panicked voice broke through the ringing in his ears and Steve squeezed his eyes shut as he felt Tony's hands on his back, massaging at his muscles. He shook his head, hoping that Tony would get it, that he didn't want to be touched, that he didn't deserve Tony touching him. Pepper deserved it. Pepper had been there for Tony through it all, since before he even announced that he was Iron Man. What right did Steve have to his heart? What right did Steve have to even be his friend anymore?
. "You promised you weren't going to wake up for your run. I have no meetings today, nothing pulling me to the lab or R&D. It's Sunday. I want to sleep in and then have lazy morning sex with you." The next words made a shiver run down Steve's spine, "You're hopefully still a little loose from last night."
"I don't expect him to forgive me," Steve told her seriously, no matter how much it ached in his chest to admit. He hoped Tony forgave him. It was wishful thinking, but
"Yeah, I'm just thinking," Steve told him truthfully, the idea now fully formed as the world brightened into yellow before his eyes. Steve was back on the battlefield again, the world getting darker around the edges and it took a minute for his eyes to focus and find Sam. His body ached. And not in the good way it would've after the run he had envisioned with Sam. It was like the ache was in his bones, infused in his blood. He wondered if this is what it would have been like for him if he had never signed up for Project: Rebirth but had still fought in the war. Would he had even survived long enough to feel like this? Someone shaking his shoulder snapped him out of his thoughts. Right. He had to do this now or it wouldn't get done.
and then he abandoned him.
Natasha took a step in closer, arms still across her chest, eyebrow quirked up. She was blonde now, which had taken awhile for Steve to get used to. He missed the crimson hair she used to sport. Even the slightly more auburn was easier to see her as. The blonde was startling. And yet, it suited her. Which wasn't all that surprising.
"Go back to sleep, I can hear you thinking," the tired voice of said man mumbled, pulling himself closer where the two of them were cuddled together under the covers. Steve blinked at the ceiling, trying to think about how he got here. The orange tinge of the usually white ceiling gave it away, but he wondered why it happened to place him here. In bed, his limbs entangled with Tony, a sweet pain in his ass from, what Steve can only guess, sex. "Steve, seriously," Tony's mussed head popped off of his chest, hair a wild mess of curls, brown eyes tired but glowing. He looked
Nat was there, this time. She gave him a tired smile and a nod. Steve knew it was a thank you for allowing her to be with him in this setting. The last two were from him, and this may have also been for him, but she needed this too. This was the last time she was probably going to see the team like this, so this was basically a goodbye for her. And if it was sitting on the couch, her pajama shorts and tank top probably chilly and she'd share the blanket on the back of the couch with Steve half-way through the movie, then this was a perfect send off.
It was a minute or two of them quietly swaying, Daniel watching from where he had taken a seat on the couch, for Peggy to pull back enough to look up at him. Her gaze searched his face, probably taking in the lines and marks that had come from the aging he had down in the future. He smiled gently at her, one she didn't return, but the corner of her red painted lips did move. "Steve," her voice was soft as they completed another circle, "why are you here?"
A wet exhale escaped Bucky's lips, "You're a punk."
"Ah, finally, we can start!" Tony smiled, brown eyes alight with something close to happiness. Then, he made grabby hands at the mug in Steve's hands. Steve moved forward, setting it down on the low coffee table near Tony, the popcorn being passed to Thor and Bruce, before settling in between Nat and Tony. "Who's ready for the Hunger Games! I hope you're ready for this, Katniss."
Steve sunk to his knees, staring at Sarah, who was suddenly in front of him and wrapping her small arms around Steve. He clutched back, felt the tears start to stream down his face, burrowing that into her shoulder like his doppelganger had. The sent that was distinctly
. What happened, Steve?"
He was sure even Natasha had something in America to get back to, no matter how much she said that she used to this. Maybe Bruce had shown up after the years he's been away. And even though Natasha was here with him now, she had signed the Accords and was violating them by being in the same bathroom with him. They all deserved to go home.
Steve stared into the orange light, letting out a breath," We won."
Steve gave Nat a look, who sighed, squeezed his arm once more, before taking a step back. "I'm pretty sure one of the revisions Tony made first was that they couldn't throw us in the Raft, no matter what Ross says. Hopefully, we'll get to visit."
They put him back into his suit for the trial. It's dirty, the reds turned brown, the blue now navy, the white stained. He peeled the star off of his chest during a bought of anger at himself, as well as anything to do with the Avengers. The sleeves had been ruined during a mission, so he had to shorten them to his forearm, but he still had the leather, fingerless gloves. SHIELD agents surround him, his hands handcuffed behind his back again. Ross, Tony, and Nick stand at the top of the courthouse steps, even more SHIELD agents surrounding them.
But still, the look of devastation didn't leave the brown irises of Tony's eyes as the Infinity Stones found their places on the knuckles of the stolen gauntlet. Steve felt his veins flare on fire, but it was cold, so cold, like he was going under again. The pain settled, sparking nerve endings and Steve could feel the serum trying to fix it, trying to do its job and keep him in peak human condition. His whole body went taunt with the feeling, he could feel his arm muscles straining with the power, clenching painfully and knew that his body was dying, starting from the knuckles and spreading outward.
he whispered to himself as he tightened the shield on his forearm, limping forward to face Thanos and his army alone, Thor and Tony down for the count and the rest of the Avengers missing or dead from the Mad Titan blowing up the Compound.
"Cap!?" Was called from the other room, Tony's familiar voice seizing Steve's heart. With the mug in hand, he made his way out of the kitchen, scooping up the popcorn he was probably meant to refill from the counter on his way by. The New York skyline was bathed in purple as he walked into the open living room, spotting the familiar layout of the Tower circa 2012. After the Battle for New York, when the team had started bonding and instated movie nights.
The world changed back to the Avengers' Tower living room, Nat looking at him with tears flooding her vision and a sad smile on her face. Distantly, Clint and Bruce were trying to explain the plot to Thor about what the Hunger Games was about. He wondered if Thor and Bruce thought about it while on Sakaar (or wherever Bruce and Thor had went in their tale of how Asgard got destroyed by Thor's older sister).
Tony met his eyes, "You okay, Cap?"
▫ ▫ ▫
"Steve?" Peggy asked, her voice close to tears, wet and disbelieving. Not able to help himself, Steve opened the screen door and stepped into the house, letting it slam shut behind him. He looked around, let her process some more as he stared at the pictures of her husband and her with friends -- even some of the Commandos. There was also loads of more room on the walls and surfaces for more pictures and Steve knew almost immediately that the two of them were planning on having a family.
Steve couldn't help the involuntary groan at those words or the thoughts that they brought to his mind. Tony loosening him up until he begged for it before sinking in all the way, connecting them in such a close way, then fucking him loose. Fucking him until all he could do was moan and say Tony's name and bare down to help Tony get off because he'll be so far gone that everything will feel good.
Though, it seemed he wasn't hiding his pining for Tony as well as he thought. Sharon had known during their try at a relationship, telling him gently a month or two before the debacle with Ultron that she thought they were better off as friends and that he should try to talk to Tony about things. But Tony was in a happy relationship with Pepper and Steve didn't want to ruin that if Tony did have feelings for him. The two of them fought like cat and dog and Steve could never promise the easy relationship Tony and Pepper seemed to have. So, Steve had simply not said anything at all.
Steve has to wrench his mind away from thoughts of Dr. Stark being a lesser man, and he tries to recite the multiplication tables in his head, but honestly, anything past the ones seems too complicated right now.
But Steve can’t say any of that, so he does what’s asked of him instead, opening his eyes and staring fixedly at his legs as he maneuvers himself until his hips are as far as they can go and he’s lying in his own slick, the robe clinging to the wet spots, the smell of his arousal hanging thick in the air.
“I already packed everything of yours,” Tony said, pulling out his phone from his pocket, and while he didn’t do anything with it, Steve realized his mind was already somewhere else.
“I’d say if I had to break it up into percentages, it’d be eighty/twenty maybe, sometimes more, sometimes less, depending on the mood. It doesn’t make me less of a Dom.”
“Tony,” he began, rubbing his face.
But that can’t—
It’s a long, torturous hour and twelve minutes before the meeting wraps up, and it’s all he can do not to bolt for the door, but he walks calmly back to his cubicle and puts his stuff down before heading downstairs and through the back door towards the parking lot. He may be walking a little faster by the time he reaches his car, but it’s barely noticeable.
, and Steve had always thought Tony was kind, but it turns out he can be undeniably cruel as well. Steve whines miserably low in his throat when Tony adds another finger, even now refusing to stop kissing him, and he adamantly twists away when Tony tries to add a third, his thighs clenching around Tony’s hips as he attempts to rub against the hard curve of his cock.
“Please, Steve?” he asks, and he’s not above busting out the puppy dog eyes, which he reserves for just these kinds of special occasions.  Steve says he looks ridiculous, but it’s not like Tony hasn’t noticed the correlation between him employing the eyes of doom and Steve giving in to whatever he wants.
it was going to—”
“Tie this around your waist,” Tony whispers, handing Steve his shirt, and then he heads to the counter, presumably to get more napkins, while Steve tries to put himself together.
No. No, no, no, no, no. He just had to believe in Tony, stop doubting him every chance he could get. This was exactly what Tony said it was: a punishment and a way to help Steve be good for him. It was something that wouldn’t hurt anything but Steve’s ego, with set rules that he could follow and a hard but obvious path to success, and something that wouldn’t tax Tony’s body as he recovered.
WARNING: Enemas
Here, though, he only had the sound of his own breathing to keep him company, and he found himself breathing louder in order to give himself something worth listening
“Good?” Tony asked, his voice hoarser than normal, and Steve nodded. It wasn’t until after Tony slowly pulled his hand away, his fingertips lingering on Steve’s jaw in a caress that Steve kept leaning his head into so it’d last as long as it could, that he made the connection that Tony was referring to the collar. Steve ducked his head to hide the flush that threatened to overtake his face and focused on the coolness of the leather around his neck instead.
But Steve would be alright. They still needed to talk things over so Tony could explain, but Steve would be better because Tony had done it, and wasn’t that more important than a few more wounds to Tony’s heart? It was an ugly thing anyway, damaged and barely held together, and he’d known from the very first day that Steve had stumbled into his life that he’d be lucky to get through their relationship with just a few new scars.
right now, completely vulnerable to Dr. Stark’s whims, and it’s glorious.
Through the tears, Steve could tell Tony looked awful, his face still too pale with weary lines etched deep into his skin, and Steve knew it was his fault, knew that he was hurting Tony, had already hurt Tony, time and time again, had been ever since he’d selfishly come back into Tony’s life—no, longer than that. For as long as Steve had known him.
Tony looked away.
He cleared his throat. “Well, that’s got to stop,” Steve said and headed towards the kitchen.
Steve could hear the creak of his chair, and he wanted to hide the vibrator, wanted to huddle into a ball so Tony wouldn’t notice him with SHIELD on his mind, and then Tony was walking past him.
“And as I’ve already said, it’s not uncommon for patients to exhibit signs of arousal during an exam. No one talks about it, but it happens a lot more frequently than you’d think. I personally know one couple that got together when the omega went into heat on the table, and I’ve heard of a half-dozen more. Alright, I’m not seeing any signs of discharge so far,” Dr. Stark says, and Steve wishes he’d looked away before Dr. Stark had turned his head, because meeting Dr. Stark’s eyes is a mistake.
“What?” he asked feebly.
He hadn’t expected Tony to want him on his knees, but he was glad that Tony had put him there for their first kiss. It’d made it feel more significant, made him think that Tony had thought it was just as important as he did, that Tony honestly
“You,” Steve said quietly, and Tony gaped at him before shaking his head in disbelief. He walked by him, shouldering him aside in order to get to the elevator. He didn’t look back.
Sub—alone in a new place!” Happy said, and Tony couldn’t help but feel a little guilty at the disapproving expression on his face.  He hated feeling guilty.
-----
Trust Tony to do the impossible, however, and make it back in the nick of time.
Steve nodded hesitantly.
“Yes,” he said, his voice low, and he didn’t think Stark could understand how much. But the smile that spread across Stark’s face made him wonder if that was true after all. “So let’s go.”
“Nothing.”  Joe took a deep breath.  “I’m glad this worked.”
Oh well, at least his frustration from before had disappeared. Funny that.
Is this the life they’re going to have together? Only able to live on the boundary of their two worlds?
“No, it’s fine,” Steve hastily assures him, fingers curling in the sheet and bunching it up higher, subsequently hiding the evidence of his shame and reexposing all the skin Dr. Stark had covered. “I wasn’t looking and—”
“You’re kicking me out?” Steve demanded, sounding angry, even though what he mostly felt was lost.
Try as he might though, Steve couldn’t stop himself from eventually asking, “Stripper poles?  Really?”
Steve could barely feel anything, but he could feel the way Tony’s fingers dug into his skin, painful and reassuring.
He clung a little harder to Steve, even though his back was killing him at this point.
“That’s great, Pepper. Steve looks at me. Amazing. Sometimes, it’s even without malice in his eyes, but—”
it like?  Because from where I’m standing, it looks like you’re—”
happen to him and have faith that they wouldn’t be taken away.
“You don’t want to sit down?” Tony asked politely but without the normal warmth, but Steve would get it back. He had to. He shook his head.
“Like . . . this?” Steve asked, starting to turn around.
“I need twenty-four of your best roses, if you please,” and if his smile is a little more flirtatious than charming, well, who could blame him.
For the prompts “marriage proposals” (cap_ironman bingo) and "pretending to be a couple" (avengers_tables).  Just another one of those fics that have been sitting around for forever and won't ever be finished.  Apparently I have a lot more of these than I thought.
he say? He would desperately love to take a minute to collect himself, to close his legs and pretend he’s okay, but it won’t change the fact that it happened. What it will do is prolong the exam, and Steve can’t do that to Dr. Stark. Not after all of … this, and not after he keeps being so damn kind. “Please keep going.”
And then, after it was all said and done and Steve had paid back every mark that crisscrossed Tony’s skin by at least tenfold, then Tony would’ve looked at Steve with eyes clear of any doubt or bitterness and finally seen him as someone who loved him and who could possibly be loved in return.
He stared at her mutely.
And it wasn’t like it was common knowledge that he was back, otherwise Tony would’ve been getting all sorts of questions from the press, because yes, Tony was a Stark, but Steve Rogers had been Howard’s favored son.
He tried to tell himself that it had nothing to do with him. Considering all the
Steve doesn’t need to be stretched. He doesn’t
He does cover his lap with the sheet once he’s sitting down though. It’s just … manners not to wave his erection around.
“Tony?” Steve asked, looking behind him, his eyes getting larger and larger.
Tony know about it?  Steve had felt certain that he and Tony could move past this, but … had Tony been keeping it secret from Steve? Had he been hiding it? Or had he assumed Steve already knew? And if he did know, did he agree with Nick? Tony believed in having more firepower than anyone else as a means of solving problems, but that was a world away from being alright with threatening to assassinate anyone who posed a potential risk.
Steve was tempted to ask about what “things” he needed to get ready, but that would have to wait until later. Tony had been teasing him this whole time about owing him, and he still didn’t know what he was referring to.
He had to strangle the noise that wanted to escape.
The elevator doors opened.
As if it Stark saying the word meant it were actually true.  As if Steve could forget closing his eyes right before he died and then opening them to a sense of
Warnings: Zombie apocalypse, story is written through letters, unbeta'd
“He said, ‘I see.’”
“If it helps at all,” she said, sitting down as well and touching his knee, “I don’t think Steve hates you as much as you think he does.”
But Tony lifted his head, beaming at him, and he knelt down to kiss him, whispering things like, “You’re amazing,” and “Fuck, your mouth,” and “We’re doing that again,” that made Steve smile, even as he tried to ignore how hard he was, desire so acute, it was almost painful.
“Captain Steve Rogers, I’d like you to meet Tony Stark.  Tony is Howard Stark’s son.”
Steve clung to the voice as much as he could, knowing that it’d just be a matter of time before it disappeared.  He’d do anything—
And isn’t that a crazy thought? That there’s a chance at “together” for the two of them? That they—
He hadn’t had so much fun in years.
No, that was the face who
He tagged Stark’s chin, his ear, his stomach, and his chest before Stark’s mouth started to thin, his punches coming in a little harder, a little faster.
It was … completely inappropriate and outrageous and painfully true to character, and Steve wasn’t surprised at all when what started as a hesitant chant of Tony’s name quickly became a roar.
“Sure, Clint.
“It’s just my luck that I get handcuffed to the epitome of male perfection, and I am too drugged to do anything about it,” Tony said, with only the faintest trace of slurring.  If Steve hadn’t seen their captors inject something into Tony’s arm, Steve wouldn’t have noticed even that.
“I understand why he didn’t, and what matters is that I’m here now, right?” Tony said, and the look Peter gives him said louder than any words how much Peter had missed him.
No, not once. Many times. Not giving Steve a safeword immediately, not looking past his obnoxious behavior and staying with him when he moved into the penthouse, not making it clear that Tony would never,
“We’ll do a trial period.  Three months.  Things go well, Captain Rogers stays with you until you mutually agree to end your association.  Things don’t go well, he comes back, and you still get a spot on the team.”
Dr. Reynolds made a noncommittal noise as he dried his hands, but his eyes were keen. He didn’t say much for a while other than asking Steve to take deep breaths or to move in a certain way or if something hurt, his hands cold as they palpated his skin, carefully shifting the gown when necessary.
“I think you’re misunderstanding what I mean by that, however,” Tony said, and Steve paused.
, and Steve had spent most of the next few days in a sexual delirium. He’d finally had had to put a stop to it so he could function—he still didn’t know how he’d missed two calls from SHIELD, and it was lucky they hadn’t sent someone to check up on him—but the first chance they both had some guaranteed vacation time, he definitely wanted to do it again.
“I need to wash,” Steve said, although he didn’t get up. He felt boneless. He did manage to raise his hand, however, resting it just beneath his collarbone, and he wondered if he actually sounded huskier than normal, or if that was just his imagination. He swallowed, savoring the sting in his throat.
It’d be so easy to find Peggy.
And to find out that it hadn’t been enough, that
“I do, Steve,” Tony said, because even at his lowest, he’d never thought Steve had maliciously intended to make him suffer.
No, no, no, no. Steve couldn’t be—he couldn’t—
he’s biologically
Somehow, he’s developed a little bit of a crush on an escort, and isn’t that the biggest laugh in the world?
Except when he walks outside, it’s not Happy waiting for him, but Steve, standing in front of a Prius, and of course he drives a Prius.  Of course he does.
When he’d seen Loki for the first time, he’d thought their marriage would be the end of him.  Now that he knew him better, he wondered even more if it would be true.
Although chaining Steve to the bed would be completely understandable for any Dom, because
“How do you know?” he asked, and he wanted to be reassured, because the expressions on both their faces when they’d finally seen each other again would haunt him for a long time.
The lab was in ruins. There were papers scattered everywhere and machinery lying on its side, smeared outlines of dust to mark where things used to be, and in the corner sat DUM-E, not moving.
Tony turned around in a circle, framing the space with his hands.
“Tony.” He was surprised at himself for interrupting, but he honestly couldn’t listen to Tony trying to make him
Steve isn’t crazy, is he?
Tony started with the straps, around the ankles, around the calves, around the thighs. More around the wrists, the forearms, and the biceps, and then from above his shoulders and under his arms. They were wide and stiff, but padded somehow, and Steve managed to keep his breathing even as Tony secured each one.
"Steve," Tony calls, shaking him, and Steve opens his eyes. He hadn't even been aware that they had fallen shut. Humming, he met Tony's eyes, a swell of happiness settling in his chest, warming him when he noticed that Tony wasn't wearing his sunglasses anymore. "Steve, you have to stay with me, please. I can't lose you! Big guy, keep your eyes open!"
"No, Tony," he said, maybe a little brokenly. "You don't. And that's-" he wheezed, tried to get a breath in, to finish this before he couldn't anymore. "-that's okay. The world-" a shallow breath, "needs Iron Man." The air felt heavy as he breathed it in, "It doesn't need-" it was getting really hard to breath now, "-Steve Rogers."
"Cap?" Sam asked, his voice barely a whisper. Or Steve just couldn't hear anything. And he didn't try to speak again, just nodded his head minutely. On the edge of his vision, he could see the people he had just fought with bowing their heads.
"Stevie?" Steve looked towards Bucky again and was startled to see he had changed. The navy cap was pulled over his head, longer hair away from his face, long sleeve shirt used to hide the metal arm. The only reason Steve really knew it was the metal arm was because Bucky wasn't wearing a glove. "You okay?"
Steve ignored them, glanced around with his eyebrows furrowed, felt the familiar hair rising sensation of someone watching him a little too closely. He couldn't pick anyone in the crowd that looked particularly dangerous, but he was still on edge as he turned to look at the three on top of the stairs.
"Please," Clint scoffs, "Rogers
Steve puts his face in his hands and stays like that until lights out.
"Jerk." Steve blinked, but it took a little longer to open his eyes then it should have. "Don't do anything stupid until I get back," he told Bucky seriously.
Steve didn't know what to say. He know he should argue, that there was always a fight, there was always something to improve in the world. He was just
, did he hope that Tony forgave him. "It's not really going to matter that much anyway. I'll see him at the trial, probably, but I doubt he'll speak to me."
"The honour was all mine, Thor," Steve told him, feeling his lungs start to constrict. He felt the ice slowly start to try to invade them, but his genes were fighting hard to keep him alive. He was surprised they could still do that. The Infinity Stones felt like they had fried his systems and made it impossible. Though, Steve would have to thank Erskine for this time when he saw him. And for everything else.
The world lit up in orange and Steve was hoping this was goodbye.
One side had a glass window, Natasha's Widow's Bites and her belt clear for everyone to see.
"Спокойной ночи капитан."
"I'm sorry, Tony," Steve tells him, breathless. But not the good kind, like after Tony's kisses. He can't get any air into his lungs, it's escaping him like the blood is. Tony's shaking his head, yelling at someone to hurry up, to get Cap out of here and to the hospital. Steve doesn't really understand a lot of anything right now, the figures moving around him too fast and the world is too bright and everything is too loud. He feels himself getting tired, his limps getting heavy. "I'm sorry."
The world was consumed in red, the colour drowning out everything in a flash.
was whispered into his lips and Steve felt like his heart was getting ripped from his chest. He didn't deserve this.
Tony had known this was coming, had been telling them for ages. It was Steve's fault that he didn't listen. The world need Tony Stark. The world didn't need Steve Rogers -- hadn't needed Steve Rogers ever really. He had been a fluke, that one lucky soldier to be chosen for Project: Rebirth and have it work. The mantle of Captain America could be past along -- was being past along to someone who deserved it, would be the man the world needed as the hero.
"Like I said, full of shit."
They stare at each other for a long time. Tony behind his sunglasses, though his hand is tapping on his knee from where he's sitting, his mind obviously still thinking. He was never the one to ever sit still. Even when he was asleep beside Steve, he would wiggle and toss, his mind never able to shut off. The only way Steve had been able to get him to stop was to wrap him up in his arms and put a leg around Tony's. And as much as the silence is damning, a show of what their relationship is like nowadays, Steve's still relieved and happy to see Tony's okay and safe.
Steve watched Joseph falter at his mother's nerve, before he was fleeing out the door. He glared at Joseph's back until he couldn't see him anymore, glad that he was dead. If this is what he would have acted like if he was still alive, good riddance.
It was warm. And not in a suffocating way. Steve felt himself sink farther down into the comfortable bed, the silky feeling of the sheets a caress against his naked body. His eyes popped open, something deeply wrong. For one, he was never used to sleeping on something so soft, even at the Tower/Compound. Tony had been mindful that Steve hadn't been ready for this soft of a bed and then Steve just hadn't asked for a new one. Another thing, the sheets had definitely not been what felt like silk but was probably Egyptian Cotton with an extremely high thread count. He's pretty sure the only person in the Tower to have such sheets would be
It was strange to hear
Everyone was there. Clint had managed to score the single chair that reclined, smiling widely at Steve as he waved his fingers at him. He was wearing plain blue sweatpants and a regular t-shirt, obviously ready to either pass out during the movie or make it to his floor to pass out after. Thor and Bruce made up the love seat. The Asgardian was wearing pajama pants that had stars and planets on them, his shirt white, his long hair pulled up into a comfortable bun away from his face. Steve thought it was nice to see him taking car of himself, seeing him open and happy. Especially after the last five years. Bruce was dressed a lot like Clint, but was wearing purple pants. They all knew it was a joke between them, because of the Hulk's purple stretchy pants, but nobody made a comment about it. Maybe Tony had scoffed at the sight, but that was really it.
He's on the gurney, Tony keeping step with the ambulance people as they load Steve into the back. He mumbles another apology as Tony climbs in beside him and grabs onto Steve's hand. When had they undone the handcuffs?
He stood, walked to the windows to take in New York. It seemed to be pretty well fixed from the Battle, the streets still alive at this time of night. The purple was starting to pulsate, like it did in the other visions, and Steve could feel that it was starting to get harder to breathe. A hand on his elbow made him turn to Natasha, who smiled gently at him.
Steve opened his eyes, his eyebrows furrowing when he was back in New York. And not the New York that he had gotten used to, with the cars and the sidewalks filled with people on cellphones, Avengers Tower in the distance. Instead, there were children playing in the street, one calling out a warning as an old car came slowly down the road. A boy with a flat cap and a fabric sack rushed by, newspaper waving as he hollered about what the headlines were on that particular day.
he heaved to himself, his asthma acting up as he ran through the training drills behind everyone else.
Steve noticed that Sam, Bucky, and Thor had moved away, each one with their head ducked down.
Steve knows something is wrong as soon as he exits the vehicle they drove him. It has nothing to do with the crowd of people that have gathered, half yelling about how he was right about the Accords or about how Bucky Barnes was a prisoner of war and if they only read all of the SHIELD/Hydra files that were dumped onto the Internet, they'd understand. The other half was yelling for him to sign the Accords and then Bucky should be put into jail for his crimes, at the very least.
So, Steve found himself following Bucky, like when he was smaller and sicker. Because if it was anything, he would always trust Bucky's decisions. Other people passed by him, but Steve couldn't look at their faces, they were blurred in a way that Bucky's wasn't, and it hurt to try and concentrate on them. The only other one that didn't hurt was a red head that was stationed across the street, staring at him with her hands in her jean pockets, leather jacket on her shoulder and looking completely out of place for the time period.
He looked around the street, recognized he was still around the time period he had went into the ice in, nodded towards a silent Nat watching him, before moving towards the house that he was in front of. The pathway was well kept, the flowers in front of meticulously taken care of. He knew almost instantly who's house it was as he made his way up the steps onto the small deck, hearing the record player through the screen door.
His mind doesn't even think about it, Steve grabs onto Tony's nanotech armour and
"I hope you don't mind," Steve said once the two of them had stopped shaking hands, "but I'd like to steal your wife for a dance."
he thought to himself as Bucky had punched his face over and over again on the helicarrier.
Bucky waved him off, his flesh hand coming back up to rest on his shoulder. "None of that. I'm with you till the end of the line, Pal, remember? If I hadn't gone to war to watch over your scrawny, stubborn ass, who would have? None of this is your fault, Steve.
Someone else said
Steve didn't care about Ross or Nick, just focused on Tony. He was in another suit, all crisp lines and stoic expression. Steve didn't even realize he was stalling, standing on the curb side, to take in Tony in full until an agent shoved at his shoulder and he was forced to take a step forward.
"How can I? You're taking all the stupid with you."
She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, and he squeezed her in the hug, having missed her even if she had died only a couple of hours ago.
Steve stepped forward, holding his hand out and shaking Daniel's hand. "An honor to meet you, sir," Daniel told him, looking a little awestruck at shaking his hand. Steve noticed the crutch, didn't mention it, smiling back at him. He was truly glad that Peggy had been able to find the happiness she deserved.
name fall from Bucky's lips. Especially when it had been
"Cap? Nat?" Tony spoke quietly. Steve saw Nat's eyes flicker to Tony for a moment, before she looked back at Steve. She raised a hand, patted his cheek twice, before pushing him to look at Tony. The man in question was looking at them with a concerned kind of confusion on his face, his eyes expressing the emotion more than his expression ever could. It was so easy to read Tony if you were able to see his eyes. "Please don't tell me that you two have some kind of psychic link, too. I can barely take Clint and Natasha knowing every move the other is going to make."
Steve tried to shake the memories that rushed to the foreground of his mind. Tony, laying on the cold cement ground in Siberia, mask ripped away and face bloody, the expression one of distasteful acceptance. He had been ready to die. He had seen Steve over him, shield poised to slam down, and he had barely done a thing to stop it. And he could have. Steve hadn't realized it then, the adrenaline, the
Not even the uncomfortable feeling of his hands in handcuffs trapped under his torso is registering now.
One second, he's watching Tony and Strange's exchange in slow motion, watching Strange raise one finger in some kind of gesture that sends ice through Steve's gut and for a second it feels like he's
Tony took a step forward as Steve turned back to the purple skyline. It was glowing brighter now, the violet blocking almost everything out. "Really, because you're looking pretty pale there." He felt Tony touch his elbow and closed his eyes, focusing on that warmth as the back of his eyelids glowed purple due to the light.
it onto his own body. He's not sure how it works, but the Iron Man red is forming along his forearm and Tony is staring at him with this look of surprise and devastation in those amber eyes of his. Steve's not quite sure why. Sure, Tony had told him that he didn't want to resent what had happened between them all those years ago, but that didn't mean their relationship had been restored to what it was. Steve had told Tony he trusted him without pause when asked in what felt like forever ago, but was really only a couple of hours. Because Steve did, without question, even after everything that had happened in Siberia. Even after Tony came back from space and slammed the arc reactor into his palm,
..." Sara stood to her full height and seemed to tower over Joseph, even if she was shorter than "
Tony was sat on the opposite side of the couch from Natasha, leaving the space in the middle empty for Steve. He was wearing a pair of sweatpants and a tank top, looking exhausted, arc reactor glowing steadily in his chest. The image of it made Steve's breath leave his lungs in a punch. The last couple of times he saw the arc reactor was when Tony had shoved it into his hand, malnourished, the
"I need Steve Rogers," Tony whispered, his grip on the scaled armor tightening that much more. Steve only smiled sadly, shaking his head.
When he landed in New York, he took off his hat and glasses, stuffed them in his duffle, ran a hand through his hair, and walked outside with his hands raised. He was greeted with the police and agents he expected, knows they were called the minute he was recognized. Steve let four of them walk forward, take his bag before slapping on the handcuffs and reading him his rights.
It was green this time. The world was tinged in it, a not quite emerald colour bathing everything in Steve's line of sight. He almost didn't recognize where he was in that moment, the surroundings from a long time ago. The only reason he remembered was because he stepped through the door and saw his father yelling at his mouth. He had no recognition of this, his father dying when he was too young to remember him, but Sarah Rogers was standing in front of the table, in between Joseph and a little boy that looked a lot like when he was younger hiding under the table.
But Tony's there. Tony's holding him, pushing his hand into the wound in his chest and begging him to stay still, keep his eyes on him, people are coming. It's all blurring together in Steve's mind, and he wonders faintly why the serum isn't working. He can usually feel his blood pumping to get the skin knitted back together, but he can't feel anything but the pain and the warmth of Tony's solid form holding him close.
"Around somewhere." Steve knows that even if he told them not to follow him, they're either in a country close by to help he get out of a bind, if they aren't in America already. He hopes they don't come until it's safe for them to do so. "Rhodes?"
▫ ▫ ▫
Steve takes a deep breath, "I'm sorry, Tony. I know I should have told you about your parents. And I should have been more open minded about the Accords as well. With Peggy's funeral--" his voice hitched at the thought of her laying in the casket, being lowered into the ground in London, but he powers through it, "-- and everything that happened with Bucky... I needed time. And nobody got it. But, I'm still sorry for how everything played out."
"You okay there, Cap?" Tony asked, from where he was in the space between kitchen and living room. Steve turned back to him and tried to smile, his eyes checking Tony's body one last time for any hints of pain or tenseness. He looked content, Captain America mug in hand.
He let himself drift, thinking about how much more peaceful this time was, unlike when he went into the ice in 1945.
Tony had went through the battlefield, combed through the whole thing, the find the broken pieces of the shield. It sat up there, whole, not a single scratch or crack on it. The memorial not been a quick thing, had took months of planning and building and each remaining original Avenger had gotten a say on how it was designed. It was sculpted out of some kind of beautiful rock, strong, a square column standing solitary in the new Compound's entrance where everyone could see it and walk by.
"Oh, so that's how it's gonna be?" Sam replied, playful smile on his face. Steve smiled, glad for the banter as he gazed around at the scenery. It was a little fuzzy around the edges and Steve really didn't want to think about what that meant. The Washington Monument was just how he remembered it, even after everything that happened with Spider-Man. Those couple of months after the team had split up had been the hardest, hoping that Tony would call and keeping an ear to the ground for anything that sounded like Avengers' business.
After a few long moments of the two of them just clutching each other, Sarah moved his head back and cupped his cheeks, rubbing her hands through the dirt and blood and whispered, "Oh, Steve."
"Stop apologizing, for fuck's sake! You better survive this, you fucking asshole! Steve, I can't fucking lose you, I love you!"
again, go on that adventure with Bilbo before finally falling into a peaceful sleep. On that wasn't plagued with ice or aliens or the heartbroken expression of acceptance when Tony had thought Steve was going to slam the shield down on his neck. He wanted
Steve shook his head, couldn't stop shaking his head. Bucky was taken apart, piece by piece, and put back together because he didn't search for him back in 1945. Sam was a war criminal because he had decided that following Steve was a good idea. Nat was dead because Steve had assigned her to Vormir with Clint. Tony had almost died in space, the dark expanse of nothingness, because Steve had said
again. Whatever it is that has been communicated between them, he knows that whatever Tony is about to do, he can't let it happen. In what feels like a bought of adrenaline, the ice still sitting firmly in Steve's lungs, making it hard to breathe but somehow easier as well, he's closing the distance where Thanos and Tony are fighting for the gauntlet.
The silence that fell between them was comfortable, Sam breathing deeply to seize how he was panting from sprinting. It was nice to just be in his company like this, without having to worry about getting arrested. The five years without Sam had been lonelier than usual. It had been terrible to lose Bucky, but he had already dealt with that loss multiple times. Sam had been with him since they had found out S.H.I.E.L.D was HYDRA and had stuck with him through thick and thin and everything in between that. The man had become a rock in all the trying times.
Not that he could tell Sam that now.
"Buck," he whispered. The man blinked at him, his eyes wet but nothing dripping down his cheeks. Steve tried to smile at him, tried to give him the reassurance that he needed. "Guess this is the end of the line, huh?"
"Stop talking like that, Steve," Tony demanded, his hands grappling across Steve's uniform. Steve could still feel how shaky his hands were as they tried to look for the straps to take the suit off easier. "You're going to make it. You're going to keep doing your therapy circles, you're going to keep training the new members of the team, you're going to keep being a pain in my ass that I pretend I'm not fond of, you're going to come to Morgan's birthday party and get her art supplies that I'm going to get her in trouble for drawing on the walls and then have you come over and immortalize the drawings with your stupid, fantastic art! Steve, you can't die,
"I think I lost your hammer," Steve told Thor, trying to go for lighthearted but missing the mark. His voice only came out tired and hoarse, it almost being too much effort to speak. However, he held his hand up, trying to find the will to call Mjolnir to his side. Thor caught his hand to stop him, smiling sadly at him.
"Sam," he rasped, moving the arm with the shield on it. It sent a flash of pain through him, which surprised him, but then he remembered that Thanos had cut that arm open and he had been using the straps to hold it together. However, the pain was muted and he knew it wouldn't be long now before his body shut down. He needed to pass the mantle on now. "I think-" he wheezed, tried to inhale and felt the shallow breath barely enter, "-I think this is yours."
Steve let his own hands roam, feel the expanse of skin that was Tony's back, the lean muscles he has from all the time spent in the lab. He didn't tense when he felt Tony's callused finger trace the seam of his ass or finger at the ring of muscle there. No, what made him fucking tense up was the feeling of the arc reactor sitting in Tony's chest. Tony made a disappointed noise when Steve pulled back, stared down at his chest. Steve felt himself flinch when he noticed it wasn't the removable one with the nanotech built into it. No, this one was the one that Tony used to have when they first met. This one was still in his chest, glowing with life, powering Tony's heart.
"Steve?" A voice asked, and Steve hadn't realized his eyes were sliding shut. He tried to open them to see who was talking to him. "Come on, Steve, you have to stay alive."
Steve ran a hand down his freshly shaven jaw, glad to have the monstrosity of a beard gone. It had been itchy and uncomfortable, and no matter how many times Natasha had told him it looked good and was a sure-fire way of getting Tony to forgive him, he was glad it was gone. She also said that he looked good as a brunette, but the weird dye she had gotten was mostly washed out again, leaving the top of his head a dirty blond. It was nice to see him looking so much like himself after all those months of running after the Sokovia Accords.
"Closure," Steve answered simply, nodding once. That's what this was. And the red tinged room pulsed with energy at the word, the song on the record almost coming to an end. Steve looked down at Peggy, giving her a sad smile. "And, I think it's a goodbye."
"Now come on," Bucky motioned to the bar they were standing in front of, a small smile playing on his lips, "Stark's in there waiting for that dance."
But, whatever relationship they had formed after Ultron was shattered because of Steve's choices.
A hand clapped down on his shoulder. Steve didn't really react to the sensation because there was
At the sound of his voice, Steve pulled away. Bucky was looking at him with confusion mixed in with concern, but Steve didn't have an answer to any question that Bucky probably had. How was he supposed to explain to whatever Bucky this was that the future had been awful to him? That in whatever timeline that Steve had left, he had been tortured and made into a weapon?
The crowd around him goes crazy. Steve can see Tony trying to rush down to him as he feels himself start to choke on the air he's not getting. So, he really doesn't notice when one of the agents around him gets in front of him, whispers
to keep Bucky safe restricting any other thought, but he had stalled, gave Tony time to send a repulsor at Steve to knock him off. It hadn't happened, and Steve slammed the shield down into the arc reactor.
Steve was going to rest now. Like his Ma had told him to.
On the other side, the shield Tony had repaired propped up behind the same kind of glass, not a scratch nor crack nor chip in the paint.
Not much time left at all.
She froze when she saw him, one hand moving to cover her mouth in shock. A moment later, a man called out, asking who was at the door, and came to a stop behind Peggy. Steve assumed it was her husband, the one that she had mentioned in her interview that had been playing at his exhibit in the Smithsonian.
"Yeah," Steve told him, "Just tired."
And just a week before, Steve and Tony had been spending a lazy Sunday together in bed, Tony working on SI things on his tablet while Steve had drawn. Every once in a while, they had shared a lazy kiss or Tony had put his tablet aside and pushed the sketchbook off of Steve's lap to find his way between Steve's thighs. It had been nice.
Steve smiled at him, "Need a medic?"
He snapped.
"You're a good man, Sam," Steve told him, glancing back over to him. The idea sparked in his brain when he glanced over at his friend and saw the light in his eyes and the goodness that was in his posture and body language.
But, when he had first woken up from the ice, his last memory was of them setting the date.
flooded his senses and he couldn't believe he had forgotten what his ma had smelt like. Disinfectant from her work at the hospital, but of all the things she cooked that he could eat with his allergies. And when she shushed him, he clung tighter to her, the emotions swarming because her voice in his ear just sounded right.
Steve found himself holding back a flinch.
"I'll see you later, Nat," he watched her smile, nod, then deftly make her way to the elevator. He turned back to stare out the windows.
"Oh no you don't!" Sam yelled at his back as Steve took off sprinting, laughing into the open air as he heard Sam try to catch up. Steve ignored his lungs burning from something other than running, feeling like an asthma attack coming on, and pushed himself to his body's full potential. He made it to the tree that Sam had been sitting at when they had first talked, leaning against it as he watched Sam sprint the last amount of meters to him. He hadn't fallen as far back as Steve would have thought.
He couldn't do it. He didn't want to watch the light blink from Bucky's eyes.
Steve proclaimed, standing up for the younger boy who some bullies had been picking on, directing their harsh punches and even harsher words on to him.
Sure, that one had only been powering the suit, but what if it had not been?
"It's nothing, Buck," Steve told him, making sure to squeeze his shoulder in reassurance.
The smack came as a shock. Sarah collapsed as Steve stood there, not sure what to do. He only knew the gist of the yelling match was about how Joseph not getting any work and how someone hated the Irish and something about Joseph's father.
Joseph, is you get to work... in the
Thor cried the hardest when Rue died, Clint cheered
Zemo's planned had worked. To tear the Avengers apart, all you needed to do was pit Tony and Steve against each other. Especially on a matter that they both disagreed with. The Sokovia Accords had only pulled the tension taunt between them, it hadn't been what broke them apart. They probably could have negotiated and made them acceptable for everyone to sign (as long as Ross had nothing to do with them). No. Adding Bucky into the equation, the only connection Steve had from is past, his best friend, and Steve would lose his mind, be that little guy from Brooklyn all over again. He was fiercely protective of him, especially since he already lost him, and Zemo had exploited that.
just to get on his nerves. Not that Sam would ever know that.
He didn't. Not after what he did. And he couldn't believe that he had tried to ask Tony to work with even when he was malnourished and starving and tired and basically dead back when Thanos had left only half of Earth's (and the Universe's) population to pick up the pieces of his attack. He hadn't even formally apologized to the man for the events with Zemo.
A second past, another beat of the song, and Peggy used the hand hand that was resting on Steve's shoulder to cup his cheek and pull him down into a sweet kiss. A goodbye kiss. It only lasted a second before Peggy was pulling away, giving him a sad smile. And, as the final notes of the song played, she laid her head on his chest, listening to his heart beating in his chest.
that they had a
"Hey, man, are you okay?" Sam asked. Steve turned to with a small smile, hoping that it conveyed reassurance.
A hand landed firmly on his shoulder, bringing his attention back to where he was. Steve turned to see Bucky standing there, looking at him with an expression of confusion. And like everything, Bucky was like his old self. His hair was cut in the short way he had it in the War, his face was clean-shaven, and there was no metal arm. Plus, his eyes were alight with something that hasn't been there since the War, something that made Steve's heart clench hard in his chest. Thinking back to these days always hurt because Bucky had been so young -- they both had been -- but all the pain hadn't been there. Bucky could still look at the world around him and see hope, not like when he was the Winter Soldier. The light that was in his blue eyes was starting to come back in the future, but it would never be as prominent as it was in the '40s.
statement with: "What I'm
he had told Tony, standing up, exhausted physically and emotionally from defending Bucky from Tony and Tony from his guilt.
▫ ▫ ▫
in his ears (even though they were supposed to have caught all of Hydra's people), and shoots him three times in the abdomen. The pain is excruciating, whiting out the world and he can't breathe. He can't suck any air into his lungs, he thinks he's falling. Everyone is yelling or moving, the bullets are still embedded into his flesh, and it hurts to move.
Tony was using his callused hand to drag his gaze back to his and then pushing their mouths together. Steve didn't have the energy to push him away or kiss him back.
"Baby, please talk to me," Tony said gently, his hands trying to be soothing on the tense muscles of Steve's back. It felt like sandpaper scraping over his skin, tearing the skin up and leaving wounds in their place. Steve just shook his head more, clamping his eyes shut even more tightly. "Steve, it's alright, you're going to be alright. You're in the Compound and if you need Bucky or Sam or Nat they're just a shout away."
Tony comes on the fourth day. He's not in the Iron Man suit, but he is in a three piece and a pair of sunglasses are settled firmly over his brown eyes that Steve knows is a way to hide them. Tony's eyes have always been expressive, and Steve wants to reach through the bars and slip them off, tuck them firmly in the breast pocket of his suit jacket. He doesn't. He lost the right to do that when he slammed the shield down into the armor's chest. Steve's pretty sure that it's now Pepper's job again, if the news is anything to go by. He tries not to let that thought hurt him.
It was all his fault.
Steve ignored them. Reached for Bucky's flesh hand, and when given it, gave it as much of a squeeze as he could. "You can rest now."
Steve wasn’t up there with them, but he and the Avengers who were currently on Earth were all in the front row, and he knew that, like him, they were probably all wondering what the best way to handle this was because there was no way that could actually be Tony. It had to be a doppelganger of some kind, intent on using Tony’s memory to insinuate himself into their world and try to take over.
“Yes,” he said, wondering how Tony would do it. Would he do it himself? Or use a sex toy of some kind? Would he—
that I’ll like it.  Besides, it’s Christmas!”
being Uncle Steve, liked how trustingly Morgan would slip her hand into his when they walked to the park, loved her bright mind and her sweet humor, and he was grateful to Pepper for letting him be part of her life.
“If that’s what you really need,” Tony said at last, and Steve’s shoulders sagged in relief.
He didn’t know what he would’ve done if Tony had tried, how he would’ve reacted, and Tony hadn’t actually done anything, so maybe it didn’t matter—but what if Tony wanted to?
“Steve …” Tony said, his voice gentle for the first time since Steve had walked in the door, and it felt like his heart lurched in reaction. “Shit.”
him anything. The only thing he’d insisted Steve do was research Submissives’ rights. Even then, once Steve had a few web pages up, Stark had simply grunted and then wandered away rather than ensuring Steve had read any of it. Which he had, of course, but still.
“I know guys with none of that worth ten of you. Yeah, I've seen the footage. The only thing you really fight for is yourself,” he said, because the only reason any of this had happened was because Tony wanted into the Avengers, and here he was. “You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you.”
Stark obviously expected him to go through with it.
He deflated. “I didn’t say it was bad.”
But then, he’d been too absorbed in his own concerns to really pay attention, hadn’t he?
Tony takes a sip from his tumbler, staring into the fireplace and reminiscing about the first time Steve had come over.  They’d ended up sitting in these chairs, drinking and talking, and after a couple of hours, it’d somehow turned into a drinking contest, with Tony confident that he could put Steve under the table without too much trouble because while Steve was bigger, he’d had years of practice on his side.  The next thing he’d known, he’d been waking up in his bed with the mother of all hangovers and a note on the pillow saying Steve had had a wonderful evening but maybe Tony should learn how to handle his liquor.
“You never promised anything about Dr. Reynolds.”
He ran into the forest, switching direction as soon as he was far enough in that Tony had lost sight of him, switched again just to be sure. He kept the count in his head as he took stock of his surroundings. The trees were close together, so that he shouldn’t be too visible through the leaves, even with the blue uniform, and the trunks were thick, making him hopeful that some upper branches would be able to support his weight so that he could get higher than Tony would be able fly.
The absence of sound was almost as loud as the music itself had been, but Tony didn’t seem to notice, so absorbed in what he was doing that Steve assumed it’d all become background noise for him.
Not that he was insulted or anything.
It wasn’t the conclusion Tony had reached, though. Tony had decided Steve had meant something entirely different, and Steve had had to watch as what looked like a combination of horror and despair had started to creep across Tony’s face.
doing it on purpose. “Tony, stop,” he said, reaching back to grab one of Tony’s hands.
“I’m sorry,” he said, not wanting Tony to feel obligated to let him come, especially since Tony wanted to see him
“Alright,” Tony said, like it still didn’t make his heart pound every time he heard Steve say it. “Honor.”
doing it. It had seemed so obvious at the time. Of course he would do what Tony needed him to do.
Not that Steve didn’t deserved some of the blame, because he totally did.
Warnings: Time travel, sketchy science, kidfic
She nodded knowingly. “You’re happy?”
Okay.
And maybe Tony really believed that, but Steve didn’t feel good
“—you can keep a secret.  Three, you’re currently unbonded, and Rogers is going to need someone to help him through the adjustment period.  Four—”
Every month, Tony pays an exorbitant fee to an extremely discrete company that makes sure he is never without companionship when he wants it.
“Do what?” he asked, looking his fill, because hello, the pictures hadn't done him justice.  Tall, with muscles that begged for Tony’s tongue to lick across them, hair just right for pulling, thighs like tree trunks, and—
-----
They’d gone to his property upstate, and he’d told Steve they were going to train. And they had! For a little while at least, with Steve winning the first round and then the second, because Tony had been a little preoccupied, either running last-minute diagnostics—again—or just distracted by thoughts of what was to come.
Which was great, just great.  Tony loved feeling like some sort of chore to get done as quickly as possible.  Steve could say he wanted to gouge out his own eyes with a rusty spoon and manage to convey the same amount of enthusiasm.
“Ow,” Tony whimpered as he tried to soak the pain away in the bath. “Ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow.”
He found himself glancing at the nightstand clock, a quick dart of his eyes, there and away. There were still several hours before takeoff.
do you think you’re doing?” Stark asked, and Steve’s head whipped around in time to see him stand, the chair legs knocking as Stark shoved his seat against the wall. Steve had never seen that expression on his face before. He hadn’t known Stark
He grabbed the first guy and bashed him head-first into the wall, swinging the shield around into his partner’s face while the other two started cursing and scrambling for their radios. One roundhouse later and there was just the last one to deal with, but he seemed to know what he was doing, because he’d given up on reaching his radio and activated the baton in his hand, using it to block Steve’s arm and giving him a nasty shock in the process.
Wow, he’s
obvious that that meant Captain America thought he was either a SHIELD agent
What was he supposed to do with that? What could he do? Did it even matter now? Why hadn’t he thought to question what Nick and Tony told him? Why had he blindly accepted what they told him? “It doesn’t change anything, though, does it? I mean, the contract was only for three months.”
“It’s like you’re trying to give me a crick in my neck,” Tony complained. “Sit down,” he said, and when Steve turned towards the other chair, Tony clarified, “On my lap.”
A second later he was grunting as Steve bent down quickly and slung him over his shoulder.
“I mean you’re not perfect, but you were the closest I could find on such short notice.”
angry since there might be a perfectly reasonable explanation for all of this, but he can’t stop feeling hurt nonetheless.
“Fuck, you’re so hot like this,” Tony breathed, bowing his head so he could watch as he slid his cock against Steve’s exposed hole, over and over, but never entering. “I could come just from—”
Steve felt the same way.
“Well,” he says, swallowing and rubbing sweaty palms on his jeans, “I can’t very well ask my doctor on a date now, can I?”
“I can’t believe you,” he said, even though this was Tony, so actually he could.  “What is this about, Tony?  Really.”
“I never meant …” He clasped his hands, fingers twisting. “I’m so sorry,” he said once again, the latest in a long line of meaningless apologies.
“You obviously don’t want, but don’t need?  SHIELD’s trying to farm you out to a
-----
wanted to be with Tony?
shower, at least for the important parts, and tries to think boring thoughts but is pitifully unsuccessful. He has to turn the water cold partway through, but the effects start wearing off as he’s getting dry, and he ends up wrapping the towel haphazardly around his waist before taking a deep breath and opening the door.
Steve nodded jerkily, the ears swinging, and he steeled himself as best as he could. Tony had moved next to Steve’s shoulder in order to put the ears on, so he had yet to see what Steve looked like. While Steve would’ve preferred to keep it that way indefinitely, he wasn’t going to be able to hide his face from Tony forever, so when Tony finished his adjustment and shifted back to the space in front of him, Steve didn’t lower his head but met Tony’s eyes squarely.
Steve waited until he was certain Stark—the name didn’t belong to Howard anymore and wouldn’t ever again—wasn’t coming back before he let himself walk into the apartment, his legs unsteady now that there was no one to prove himself to, his back hunched with the weight of memories and might-have-beens and too many deaths to carry.
Okay, that’s a lie. He totally understands how he’d gotten desensitized considering everything Dr. Stark had been doing and everything he’d been feeling as a result, but still. It smells like his bedroom on the last day of a really intense heat, and they’re not even done yet. They haven’t even gotten to the actual
He can’t help the fact that he thinks Tony is unbearably cute.
It was a wonder that Tony didn’t hate him.
Steve stared at his reflection, at the face that stared back at him, no longer gaunt and lined from sickness. Even after the Super Serum, nobody wanted him.
“I’m a . . . consultant,” Tony said blandly, just to fuck with him at that point.
“I … I didn’t,” Steve said, taking in but not understanding the smear of red on the top of Tony’s collar, the slight stumble to Tony’s steps. Had Tony been out all night? He must have if he were dressed like that—although when had he changed and where? And did that mean Tony hadn’t slept at all? Or had he—?
Does anyone even care anymore?  *listens to crickets chirp*
But that had been impossible. Not Steve. Not with Tony.
, Steve writes, unable not to, even knowing it’ll just egg Bucky on.
What there is, however, is Tony.
“I see them.”
“We were under attack,” Tony said, no longer rocking him but still not drawing away.  “Loki and a new damn army.  They managed to capture the two of us and took you away.  When you came back, you were—”
, he wanted it to be true, and Tony smiled, a gentle quirk of his mouth.
” right after and clutched onto the back of Tony’s shirt, keeping him in place as he started crying harder.
“Oh, is that what we’re talking about?” Bucky asks, and Steve can hear the damn smirk in his voice. “I wasn’t sure you were interested since you never responded to my text.”
He didn’t know when he’d wrapped his arms around Tony’s leg, but even knowing he was doing it didn’t mean that he could force himself to pull away.
(See the end of the chapter for
of being that exposed to the doctor made him want to break something, and not for Stark or his opportunity at freedom would he—
“You know, that actually helped. You opened up a little more.”
He didn’t know if Fury had set up the whole thing in order to get Tony to react, or if he was just taking advantage of the situation—although it better be the second, because the thought of Fury arranging the exam on purpose had him wanting to pull up the plans for the last missiles he’d been designing before he’d gotten out of the weapons business—but either way, Fury had to be pleased with the results.
“What am
He flinches when he hears the knock on the door, his heart rate picking up, and when Dr. Stark enters the room, Steve feels another burst of wetness, his ass contracting helplessly.
, Steve thought helplessly, curling his fingers into fists to keep from reaching out.
Just as he’d thought, Tony’s outside with his flowers a scant few minutes later. Gabriella’s waiting after all, and he would hate to disappoint. Still, he makes a note of Red, White, and Blue Flowers in his phone. He might just be in this neck of the woods and need to drop in again sometime.
He switched to his first two fingers, leisurely thrusting them in and out, and waited until Steve was moaning, was tensing up, his arm going faster, and only then did Tony say, “Don’t come. But don’t stop either,” he said, smiling down at the expression on Steve’s face, and he slid his fingers out from between red lips.
Word count: 567
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony sat behind Steve and got his fingers as wet as he could with just saliva before leaning forward to rest his teeth where he wanted them, a perfect round mouthful of the inner, bottom curve of Steve’s ass. He paused for a second there, two fingers resting against Steve’s hole, so Steve would know exactly what he was planning and so the tension could ratchet up a bit—and then he started to bite down while simultaneously pushing into Steve.
One eyebrow goes up, but she doesn’t look surprised. “Really? Do you mind telling me why?”
Although Tony was his first Dom, and Steve had been in one traumatic situation after another. Maybe he would’ve done anything to keep even a small sense of security.
Steve just needs to get a hold of himself (and not in the way his body is still clamoring for) and use the time when Dr. Stark is setting up to calm down. He doesn’t need to orgasm. He’s fine. He’ll be fine. He will.
make up for the embarrassment of introducing himself chest first.
Tony was the one who had safeworded, and a small but dark voice inside of him resented that he had to deal with Steve’s emotions on top of his own.
that Tony had already purchased the tickets for the both of them.
Dr. Reynolds went.
He tried to control his breathing, chest heaving with effort, and wiped harshly at his eyes. He had to, had to do at least this much, had to be at least this good for Tony—even though he kept promising himself that he would be, even though the bar kept dropping lower and lower because he couldn’t be good, even for Tony, especially for Tony—when it was probably the last thing Tony would ever ask from him.
He’d known. He’d
“So then what are you doing?” he asked, his own voice much softer than it’d been a moment before.
“Yes, sir, he is, and Mr. Stark has requested your presence in his bedroom as soon as you’re available.”
Steve inhaled sharply, and Tony could feel his own breath hitching in response.
“Do you have any questions? I’ll give you a tablet to write something out.”
What he doesn’t understand is the guilty, vaguely hopeful look on Steve’s face.
“So, what? You’re just going to keep me here ‘til I say ‘uncle?’”
person Steve would ever want to scene with, his half-formed hopes of being allowed to take care of Steve that way withering and dying.)
"Sure, sure, I'm all for adjusting plans on the fly, but on a daily basis, routine things.  A higher ranking officer says 'jump,' and you say 'how high,' right?"
like it was. It had been his last chance to be good for Tony, to prove himself after … after all of it, and it seemed like Tony had set Steve up to fail. And even as he thought it, he knew it wasn’t true, but it didn’t make it hurt any less, didn’t close up the hole in his chest that kept getting bigger and bigger.
“Yeah,” Tony said, adding another finger and rubbing against Steve’s prostate mercilessly. “Yeah, show me how much you like being fucked, sweetheart,” he said tenderly, taking his hand off Steve’s neck in order to reach around and finally touched Steve’s cock, although only to cup the head a little so it’d brush against his palm each time Steve rocked forward, and Steve made a sound like Tony was killing him.
“Just . . . just think about it, okay?  He’s not one of those one-hit wonders you’ve been seeing lately, and he deserves more.  He deserves better.”  She hugged him, squeezing tightly.  “We’re going to go.  You’ve got more important things to do right now than talk to us.”
He winced. He still couldn’t believe he’d said that. If he’d ever wanted to highlight the difference in their experience, that had definitely been the way to do it. Crap.
Yours, always and forever,
Steve followed Tony, glad he was behind him. He hadn’t quite been able to look Tony in the eyes since he’d gotten out of the bathroom, wasn’t sure how long it’d be before he could without turning bright red all over.
“Please,” Steve whispered, because he wouldn’t have asked, had managed to claw up that much restraint, but if Tony were willing, he wanted to hold Tony in the minutes he had left.
His one room was bigger than the entire apartment SHIELD had provided him, and that had contained a bathroom, living room and kitchen as well. While he no longer had a kitchen, he had a closet that he could potentially get lost in, a large sitting area, two televisions, and a bathroom that had a shower, a huge tub and an incredible, dizzying view of the city.
mind as a matter of fact, and he had better things to do than put it on hibernation mode for nearly a week at a time.  (That was what alcohol was for, and then at least, he got to pick and choose when he binged.)  Never mind that the fucking itself normally only lasted three to four days.  Everyone knew that Alphas regressed to Neanderthal levels right before and after their Omega went into heat, grunting and pounding their chests and ready to attack anyone that came close to their chosen mate during a fertile period.
He realized he was rubbing his wrist, and he forced himself to stop.
“You didn’t wear me out,” Steve protested, although the huskiness of his voice didn’t do anything to support his claim. “I was still tired from my mission.”
“I’m fine.”
“How do I look?”
The soft ache in his chest at the thought that Tony was still taking care of him barely had time to form before he got distracted, Steve’s hips twitching down as Tony found his prostate. He wasn’t sure he managed to muffle the sound that escaped his throat, but he couldn’t tell, too much of his attention focused on the press and slide of Tony’s finger. He didn’t think he could’ve forgotten how much he enjoyed Tony touching him like this, but the growing pleasure felt out of proportion to how little Tony was actually doing.
a choice, not for anything. He understood Tony was offering him a kindness, but now that he knew what his punishment was going to be, he just wanted to get it over with as soon as possible; to be
Fuck, Tony didn’t look good.
of all people?  He and Steve weren’t even
No. That way lay madness, and Steve couldn’t let himself hope like that when he knew better. If anything, he should be furious like Peter was. There had to be a reason that it was here
Sorry for the short chapter, guys, but I've been busy and will be busy for a while longer, but I didn't want to leave you hanging forever.
And Steve answered honestly, “Yes.”
Fuck, the fragile feeling was back, and Tony took a deep breath, looking at Steve as he did it.
“Well, maybe you should ask Steve.”
“Because of me, though.”
Tony had been willing to ignore it, however, and when he’d said,
“You know I wouldn’t ask if it weren’t important,” Bruce murmured, barely moving his lips, and it wasn’t as if Clark had thought Bruce wanted to kiss him just for him, but hearing the words still made his stomach clench sharply in disappointment.
“Then I’m going to train you to behave the way I want. Are you familiar with pet play at all, Steve?”
Tony jerks out the tentacle from Steve’s cock, the ones on his nipples accidentally yanking themselves off in reaction as well, and Steve groans like he’s dying, convulsing in Tony’s arms again and again, warm fluid streaming over the end of Tony’s tentacle in a rush and white feathers filling his vision. It catapults him into his own orgasm, and he pushes both his hectocotyli in as far as they can go until he hits resistance, eliciting a high-pitched shout from Steve that makes Tony shake as he comes deep inside of him, the pleasure so all-consuming that his vision goes hazy and he loses sensation in his tentacles, the weight of Steve in his arms the only thing keeping him anchored to himself.
He hefted his bag and walked outside, looking at his motorcycle. He hadn’t exactly had anything in mind when he’d started his trip, other than a vague idea of finding
What?
Tony comes back with a spray bottle of cleaner and paper towels, and Steve doesn’t know what he told the store employees for them to just give them to him without coming to inspect the situation themselves, but he’s thankful nonetheless.
It didn’t.
Steve had a vague thought that this must be how a turtle felt as Tony gentled lowered him to the ground so he was on top of the shield, rocking slightly from side to side, and then Tony said, “You sure you’re okay?
you come? In twelve hours, let’s say.”
And because Steve’s so frazzled, he says, “Okay, thanks,” for absolutely no reason whatsoever unless he’s thanking Dr. Stark for doing his job and practicing safe hygiene, and fuck, as if everything he’s done so far isn’t enough. Who needs blankets when he has humiliation to keep him warm?
Because Steve was going to be naked for the next three days. Because pets didn’t wear clothes.
“Captain Rogers,” Fury said as the entered the workout room, and Captain America glanced at them, not stopping his magnificent display of flexing and twisting muscles as he pounded a hanging bag until he noticed Fury had brought along company.  Tony might have complained about the whole stopping thing, except then he was privileged to witness a sweating Captain America whose chest was heaving and whose nipples were straining against the thin, tight shirt he had on, and yeah, okay, he could deal with that.  “I have someone I want you to meet.”
“Mr. Stark, it wasn’t a one-time thing,” Dr. Strange said, frowning. “First Law of Thermodynamics, energy can neither be created nor destroyed. Magic is very similar in that once a spell has been cast, it can’t be uncast or made void, just altered into a new form. The Captain’s sacrifice meant that you could change back into a human, not that you would stop being a wolf. You’re just able to choose when that happens now, although I wouldn’t allow too much time to pass. The wolf will want a chance to be free, and if you don’t give it one, it might decide to take one instead.”
What in the
It was too little information. Surely it wouldn’t bring up any results. If anything, Bucky would get a handful of cooking recipes by a chef named Tony. There was no way it’d work.
, boredom would seem like the worst thing imaginable.   That’s the reason behind all the Subs and the cars and the parties, isn’t it, to keep yourself
If only Steve believed he’d done enough, though.
“Oooh, cream puffs,” Steve heard as the screen went back up, the car picking up speed.
At the rate he was going before, most of his tentacles were lower than the Angel, his body at somewhat of an angle to the water line while the Angel’s floated. Going faster means he's flattened out a bit to make himself more streamlined, and his tentacles rub against his Angel’s legs over and over again.
Tony let out a soft
“Do you think you’ll go anywhere?”
“Nick—”
He’d wanted to talk, to say something that’d bring a smile to Tony’s face and erase the strain, to sit close to him and take pride in his place at Tony’s side. But he couldn’t pretend everything was back to the way things had been before—didn’t want to go back to the days when Tony thought Steve was with him only until he could find someone to be
It might be a
.   It was just the way Tony was.
They don’t talk about Tony’s date for the rest of the night, but Steve never stops thinking about it.
Although maybe it was a good thing that he wasn’t.
“What about these curtains?” he asked grimly, wondering what Tony would say about them, too thin, too thick, too frilly, they didn’t fall aesthetically enough, what, what could possibly be wrong about them?
-----
pleasure, too sudden and immense to be comfortable. It’s all he can do to ride it out, and when he comes to, his fingers are digging into Tony’s back and tears are leaking from the corners of his eyes, and over the roar of his heartbeat, he can hear the filthy, almost disgusting, wet sounds of Tony fucking into him.
No, Steve thought. This was one decision he didn’t need her help with.
For the most part, he didn’t mind, because it never hurt to have people misjudge him, and he liked switching it up from time to time anyway, so it’d led to some rather . . . vigorous encounters that he still thought back on with a smile.  And of course, he hadn’t minded proving his orientation to a few specific people afterwards, in a rather more private setting where they could make it up to him, but whatever.  That was beside the point.
“Tony?”
It made his upcoming punishment something to almost look forward to in a twisted way, because then at least, he could begin to make amends. He was going to do everything in his power to make sure Tony didn’t regret or reconsider his decision. He was going to be good, better than he’d ever been before, and he was going to show Tony how sorry he was, how much he valued—
He remembered seeing her on the first day of training, watching her put Hodge in his place, because some Subs wouldn’t—couldn’t—respect a person until they’d been forced to their knees.  For all that Hodge had been part of his squad and as a result, someone Steve would’ve given his life for, Steve hadn’t exactly liked him.  He’d met his type too many times before—been beaten up by them too many times before—Subs that were bullies at heart and more interested in ensuring their place at the top of the pecking order than they were in their fellow man.
Steve gave a quick inhale at his words, and when Tony would’ve moved away, Steve kept him there as if it were his right, which, that had been what Tony had been trying to teach him, so, fair.
Instead, Steve would leave, and it’d be as if he’d never been there at all.
“Yes, I see that, it’s right there.”
What the fuck. He’s never going to get to the island at this rate, the island that he’s going to in order to
, he wants to ask, but it’s not actually ludicrous that Steve would want to leave his room. The whole house reeks of the potential for sex, but Tony had eaten breakfast here this morning, so Steve can’t be too far along.
"Edward Morris, LA Times. What is Mr. Banner's thoughts on the split in the Avengers?"
Peter’s stories is true.  Pepper ends up marrying him actually.  They never have children, but they smile, lean in close in a way that Tony remembers Pepper doing with him once. They power SI into a new era, beyond what any one expected after Tony’s death to ever occur.  Beyond what Tony ever expected the company to become.
Steve's laughter echoes in the empty gym, so Tony regrets it a little less.  He's missed Steve's laughter in the past week, been trying to coax it out of him for a while.
There is something dawning in Steve’s face.  A light in his eyes that Tony used to know as his expression twists.  “I worked it out with the attorney of the Avengers. There was a clause and a fund we put together years ago, in case of sudden return to existence.  I’m using some of it to get a place, get myself set up.”
Tony glances at a countdown beside the equation and then looks for some chalk.  It’s the night before Steve gets transformed into Captain America.
“Working on a new element?” Tony asks, jamming his hands into his pockets and carefully maintaining his distance to his father.
Wanda is in the middle of the garden again.  She’s on her knees, digging in the dirt with Lang at her side.  He is chattering and waving his hands while he tells a story.  The view is pixelated, but it looks like she is planting a lily in the garden by hand.  Sam and Steve run by, and the view adjusts to follow them.  They are talking, half smiles through the sweat dripping down their faces as they circle the mansion again.  Steve’s moving slow, and Sam looks annoyed with it.  He hit Steve in the arm, and Steve takes off.
Tony finishes the dishes before picking up the phone. He stares at the words lighting up the screen for a while before replying. The silence in the room is only broken by Rhodey taking long pulls of his coffee. He responds, fingers flying before going back to the dishes. He puts them all up, even when he hears the phone buzz again.
“Mom?” He breathes, taking a single step forward and then another until he was right in the doorway of her room.
"Why won't he just take what I offer him?  What's mine is his," and Pepper sighs as Tony hurries to add, "it's like that for all of the Avengers."
“Okay,” he says, small and feeling so much younger than he is.  “I’ll go now.”
Tony is holding onto the edge of the long sleeve shirt, plucking at invisible lint with his flesh hand. Uncomfortable is written in every line of his body, and he carefully is avoiding Steve’s eyes.
“You love it, just admit it.” Bruce bites back.
Steve’s hand stills for a moment before continuing.  “Me too Tony. Me too.”
It's not a good joke anyway.
when he says, "Not always."
Draft reply to 54985-466-8653
“Damnit,” he mutters, rolling until he is facing upwards and trying not to groan against the pain.  Tony lifts the mask, taking in the freezing air, hoping it pushes him to move faster.
"Wouldn't dream of it," Tony calls as his suit constructs itself around him. "Not at all."
“Okay so we’re talking miniaturized robots in your bloodstream, in your bone marrow, wherever, targeting abnormal cells,” Tony waves a carrot stick as emphasis for his point.  There is a sim running between him and Bruce in the kitchen.  They are both snacking under Vision’s watchful gaze as he works on the snack platter.
He pulls up a chair and straddles it, watching Rhodey as he makes his way through the usual exercises. Rhodey's legs buckle fewer times. The familiar soft whine of the calibrating motors is missing front the room now.
Natasha and the others will stay because if Tony and Steve fail, the device will tell her, if her memories don't. And then she can try to come back, with Clint maybe. There are other waves after, in case. Plans C, D, E. Because they can't let the snap happen.
Fury nods, shades of his older, carved in stone self float before Tony’s eyes.  The tugging is more of a yank, and he wants to drop to his knees. He doesn’t. But it’s a pretty close thing.
The king stands tall in dark jeans and a pull over.  The ring of the King gleams on his hand, and Tony doesn’t need FRIDAY to rundown the properties to know it’s natural Vibranium.  He looks tranquil, more at peace than the last time they met.  Tony inclines his head.  “Your majesty.”
They are friends, and Tony has so few friends.
Elderly men and women take children into certain smaller buildings that, eventually go into lockdown protocols with metal covering the windows and doors and then sinking into the ground until all that is left if an uneven patch of dirt where a building used to be.
“I’m not leaving this fight,” Peter replies, quietly.  “Just because I am younger doesn’t mean I’ll run away when the going gets tough.  If I don’t stand here, who else will hold the line?”
The room is dark without the simulation up and running. Friday turns on the lights as he moves through the room. He's a ghost workshop. The little light from the moon illuminates the place on the table where the shield lays, half under some rag that Tony isn't sure he threw or if one of the slumbering robots tossed.
"Really?!"
"I thought she was more into the indie scene," he responded, drinking half the cup in one go. He had two needs in this life: coffee and attention.
"The one and only. She's doing a new movie. A big one."
They ordered some coffee and a few biscuits. Jan had told him about the meeting in the car. They were supposed to meet first with Carol and Pepper to plan the attack on the studio’s agent, who was going to come in after. Carol seemed firmly decided that she wanted Tony for the role. She explained that the character was this bigger than life merchant with a kind heart but a shit ton of flaws. Tony had that easy, confident charm that was surely going to bring nuance to the character. The only problem was that the studio had told her no.
Steve couldn't believe it. Carol Danvers was a critically acclaimed director with an Oscar under her belt. And she asked for him! That was the opposite of what Steve was used to. Ever since he played Captain America all studios wanted from him was a big blockbuster action flick. Yet here was Carol Danvers, a somewhat prestigious director, asking for him specifically? It was nuts.
Stark looked up, glasses covering his expression.
"Have you met him?" asked Sam, raising an eyebrow.
"And she asked for you!" Sam jumped in, stealing Bucky's moment. He didn't looked pleased about it.
Steve sighed and pinched his nose. "You are good managers."
"Hey, Stark!" he called after they all left he cafe and said goodbye. "Can you hold on a minute? I'd like to talk."
"I'm here!"
"You idiot! Of course I want to do it!"
"I'm gonna be honest with you," he said, staring at Carol again. Maybe he thought she was the weak link. "Paramount pictures can't be the face of a celebrity scandal. This movie will never be household friendly if Tony Stark is the main character. People may like his movies, but they sure as hell don't like him."
He slowly got himself out of the bed. On foot at the time. He couldn't remember exactly what he had to drink yesterday, but apparently it was strong. His apartment was huge. Usually he loved it. But right now, thinking about how the buzzer was placed all the way back in the kitchen, he sort of wished he wasn't a pretentious douchebag. The walk felt eternal.
Steve hummed and turned on the hot water. His mind went to all the range he could show in this movie. A drama. He never acted in a full out drama. Only in action pieces with dramatic explosions.
"Seriously I cannot stress how much you're gonna owe me for this," she yelled over the sound of the coffee machine. "I'm talking huge Christmas bonus level."
“So, you’re coming?” asked Rhodes. Steve tried to reconstruct their conversation but failed.
Steve dreamt that night with the cold Scotland beach and a problematic costar.
Carol nodded, too surprised (and Tony would bet, disgusted) for anything else. She sat down again next to Pepper and Killian took the empty chair.
"Carol is looking for raw talent," said Bucky, jumping to clap Steve's back. He laughed, humbled.
"Mr Killian, a pleasure to meet you," greeted Carol, standing up to shake the man's hand. Killian took it and gave her a kiss.
"Of course not. It's legit. Tony Stark has already signed in," said Sam, a little confused.
“We don’t know what lays behind the mountain,” said Natasha, finishing the script.
“That I know, believe me,” joked Steve. And he was right, if there was something he grew accustomed to was the sweat. Action movies required a lot of stunts, a lot of running and a lot of choreographed fighting. “I thought a movie with Carol Danvers meant no leg day but I heard we might be running away from a volcano. So.”
He cleaned up well, put on a sober blue suit and a black shirt underneath. He needed to sell the professional actor look, not the hungover mess he truly was.
"You're gonna love this." said Sam, getting up to grab some juice. "Natasha Romanoff is in."
"Well there's someone else too. Very talented. Very raw," started saying Sam, sipping his juice.
"No! I-"
"Sure. What people again?" Sam inquired, disbelief obvious on his voice.
Stark sighed and took off his glasses to rub his eyes. When he looked up, he caught Steve staring at him. He looked tired. The dark circles around his eyes made him appear sleepless. Steve looked away quickly, embarrassed. The only thought that he had besides shame was that Stark’s eyes were more beautiful in person.
The table read was held at a big conference room in Vine Street, a few blocks away from the studios. Steve wore comfortable black jeans and a nice dress shirt. Better be looking good at least.
"Oh please, I'm nothing without a good team. And this team right here is the best you can ask for," he said, smiling wide and bright.
"Tony Stark is an arrogant diva. Impossible to work with," Steve sentenced firmly.
“Tony. I see you haven’t changed a bit,” she smiled, sitting down on the booth they’d reserved.
"Yeah, yeah I did. At that after party for Nat's film. She's really cool," said Tony, scratching his head.
Steve had an addiction. He loved reading about himself. So there he was, checking out his name in Google News to see if someone had thought about him. It was a peaceful morning, the sun was shining with quiet modesty and the kitchen window let in some white noise from the street. Steve was content. And then he heard the apartment's door open.
Steve felt enraged. He wasn't going to allow this arrogant asshole talk to him like that. He was trying to make peace with the guy and in response he just snapped. Fine. So be it. Steve could stop playing nice for a change.
Killian kept quiet, hearing Carol's words with undivided attention. She took it as a sign to continue.
"Come one, what is it?" said Steve growing impatient.
"What brings you guys here so early?" asked Steve, watching with disgust how Bucky devoured the eggs.
Bucky shrugged and took the plate to the table, sitting next to Sam.
“I'm sorry, Mr Stark isn't available at the moment. Please be gone,” he spoke to the machine. His voice was rougher than he expected. The tiny screen showed a pretty woman with the most eccentric yellow dress he’d seen. Jan.
There are few things Tony remembers about his mother these days, but he remembers how she and Ana used to sit around this table, whiskey glasses in hand and bursting into peals of laughter every while or so. Sometimes Aunt Peg was there, bright lips curled as she mentioned some story about Jarvis or Howard. Mostly Howard when she had that smirk.
Tony finishes his whiskey.  “I thought we were working on creating distance from our two families now that Mom and Dad are dead.”
Before, Bruce has spoken enough about the serum, and Steve not enough, so Tony had a few ideas on what could go wrong in the process.  But it’s still been something he’s thrown around in his head. Trying to figure out, idly, if he could solve the problem, better than his dad.
“Go!” Thor yells at him, and Tony turns, shooting across the field to where Thanos and Strange are.
Spidey reaches over him and rearranges the sensors used to trigger the release.  “Decent.  I would rather want to see what comes of it than kill the project.”  He waves the web slinger back together.  The animation pulls it all together easily before sliding it back onto the suit’s right wrist.  The left wrist automatically adjusts based on the schematic changes.  “Can we stress test this?”
He gets another beer and chugs it. Vision fills the silence with a faint, "I remind you of your mistakes? Ultron? The Accords?"
“To go punch some Nazis.  Is that not what your Aunt Peggy says when she is going on adventures?” She replies, delighted.  Daniel roars with laughter, and Jarvis shakes his head fondly behind the two other adults.
"What," Rhodey pauses. "What are you ta-wait. Your parents?"
Or he could just ask Rhodey, who keeps talking about the support group he goes to. He takes the wheelchair. Says he needs to talk it out with someone who knows the emotions about it. Less focus on fixing the problem. Once, Rhodey could have asked Sam, but Tony tries not to think about that.
"But I love myself more."
“Are we ready?” T’Challa calls out.  The warriors yell their readiness, and the rest of them begin to get into readying positions.  Armor sliding into place, ready to sprint.
Bruce shrugs as he opens the conversation with FRIDAY on his tablet.  "If I can do it, I can sneak some things I want in there too."
Tony looks at him like he doesn’t believe Steve, and Steve barely believes in himself these days. But he has a faith in Tony, has had a faith in Tony for a long time, that he will find the tiniest loophole and force it wide open. Has seen him do the impossible a million times.
He doesn't ask.  He never asks.)
He meets Steve’s smile when he spots Tony coming back in with one of his own.  Slips into his role as standing by Steve and knows that nothing will ever be the same.
Rhodey takes longer strides in the video and the leg adjusts fine, however the movement causes a wince. Tony restarts and zooms in. The leg jerks into place in the last frame, not easing like it's supposed to.
Tony had pushed other work in front of him.  "I'm not neuro-typical enough for this process.  We can get a scan of Happy's brain, would that work?"
Draft reply to 54985-466-8653
They, Tony decides and won't listen to any arguments, decide that Tony will go back. Steve forces the point that Tony needs back up and gets allowed to go as well.
There is a low sound on the other end. "Fuck him. Who cares about him. What matters is you're okay. You're still here. You coming home right?"
(He doesn't want it to ever change, if he's honest.
“I am taking generic timelines,” she replies.
It takes a year before Pepper reaches out and says, "We're still friends, you know."
“I miss your battle cry,” he says into the icy abyss and means more than just that. He presses a gauntlet against the box, taking in a deep breath before he pushes everything back down.
Before they hit the ground though, they are gone.  Disappeared.
“Probably.  But it also depends on how you were going to end that sentence,” Tony replies, and it sounds more like him, less filtered than before, and Steve had a million questions but Thantos is coming their way, and he doesn’t have time. Not now.
Tony keeps his phone on him that night.
Honing back in on Tony, Steve catches the waves of regret that pass over his face before settling.  It’s part of the new Tony, the quick release of negative emotion.  It still never seems to throw Steve off.  He keeps waiting for the second wave to sneak up on them both and bite him
There is a pause before JARVIS replies, “His life is different with you in it sir.”
Typical Tony, is something Rhodey would say, shaking his head and laughing at him, if he would bring it up to Rhodey.
Peggy takes the glass with a familiar smile.  “I can’t tell you Tony,” she says before taking a sip.
“Could an another emotional reaction like that destroy her?” Steve had asked, eyes dark and worried.
but they both spend half of their time fighting villains and trying to save the world.
“About what?” Tony questions tranquilly.  “I don’t know of a single reason why I should be apologizing to you.”
Tony rolls his eyes.  “Yeah right. Pull the other one Steve.”
"Yes, I brought in a few extra guns to a fight. At the time, only 2 participants had not signed the accords, Black Panther and Spiderman. His Majesty T'Challa of Wakanda shipped a signed copy to the UN after the Germany incident, so we have Black Panther covered now. We are working with Spiderman on his concerns around giving his information in a manner that can be used against him in the future. This is one of the current topics the UN is looking into with the current revisions of the Sokovia Accords." His smile never wavers.
Steve spends those mornings close by, knees pressed against each other as they sit side by side, not talking.
It’s familiar, how he slots into Tony’s side and how the words fall from his lips, “We’ll get him back. We’ll get them all back.”
JARVIS' modulated voice sounded amused. "The file has been updated with more instances. There will be notifications if there are minor injuries, but any majors ones will end the simulations immediately."
“What use if a futurist who can’t see the future?” he spits out.  “I should have died in the ice because I am useless. I am nothing and I can’t
“I get it,” Tony says. Because he does.  He always has.  He shouldered everything himself and Rhodey may never forgive him for that because it nearly killed him, nearly took Rhodey’s heart with him.  He remembers the quiver in Rhodey’s voice when he had asked, you sure?
Something seizes in Tony.  Something old breaks again, differently this time, and Tony knows their days are limited now.  That in two decades, both will be dead at Bucky Barnes’ hands. For the first time, he pauses, opens his mouth, and then stops again.  Because he wants to tell his father something, say,
“Mom,” he sighs, and there are so many words Tony wants to say in this moment, but the tugging has been growing, and there is only a limited amount of time.  “I love you Mom. No matter what I say. I love you more than I can say. It nearly breaks me when you leave.”
From:
Making breakfast right now.
They do that a lot now.  Hug. Tony takes the moment and smells the paint on Steve’s shirt and sweat, feeling the warmth of his body underneath Tony’s hands.
I really don’t.
The footage switches without context to Falcon diving in close to grab the wireless trigger from the kid.  He puts one of Widows love bites on it to short circuit the trigger.  This bomber reaches for a gun to manually trigger the bomb when Red Wing drops in close and tranqs him.  The kid falls, but Falcon catches him before he hits the ground.
