When will the next update be? Who knows? Not me. sigh... I don't have much time now with school. But I promise you this, that I'll definitely try to get the whole fic up by the time S4 airs. Confirm. I will try my best. And if I don't make it, it'll probably only be the epilogue chapter. Wow, when I started writing this thing I really didn't expect for it to turn into such a monster.
They continue on in a companionable silence, punctuated with comments here and there about the food and the state of the weather. “It’s getting hotter isn’t it? It’s not just me right?” By about 8, John has completely polished off all the food on his plate while Sherlock has finished about half of his meagre portion, prompting John to refuse to leave till Sherlock has finished all the food on his plate.
Sherlock whips his head around, doing a full 360 of the room before turning back to Mycroft, a puzzled look on his face.
“God yes,” he splutters as John chuckles, smiling up at him as they make their way to the lift, the sides of their bodies brushing with every step and Sherlock has never felt happier.
But the thought remains unfinished as Mrs Hudson interrupts by dumping the tray with a rattle onto the kitchen table.
He’d never have thought that they would have ended up like this - making out on a pavement at 11 o’clock at night. It’s such a strange, new and novel experience and John wants to savour as much of it as he can.
“That was the trade-off,” he finishes, smiling sadly as John wraps his arms around him tightly, squeezing his torso.
He sighs inwardly, still at a loss for what to say even after that severe session of emotional turmoil.
“Can’t we save that for later?” Sherlock sighs as John hits the accelerator, sending their car moving once again.
John remembers watching as Sherlock’s eyes widened visibly, pupils expanding into sky blue irises as he abruptly shut his mouth, biting his bottom lip.
One meal a day has now slowly turned into two (with afternoon tea on the side) and if John were to be boastful, he’d say that it was all his doing. In the earlier stages of their friendship, he’d encouraged Sherlock to eat whenever he had breakfast or went out for lunch. It’d been hard to convince the man, but Sherlock eventually warmed up to the idea after a lot of gentle and careful prodding.
“I’d stay to make sure you’re alright but… There are some things that I need to do quite urgently… So a doctor will come in after I leave to monitor you,” John explains.
And then as soon as it’s started, it stops. The room goes quiet as the laughter fizzles out and dies in Sherlock’s throat because holy crap John is suddenly way too close, way too close.
“I mean, did you think I didn’t notice? You left your bloody violin back on the stage. I had to pass it to you. Not to mention the fact that a few minutes after I finished dancing with Mary, I went looking for you and you were nowhere to be found!”
“Of course he did, god that boy. If I hadn’t known better, I’d have thought he was smitten with you,” she chortles, grabbing some plates and hurriedly setting them down on the table. John flinches a little at her proclamation, the movement going unnoticed by Mummy Holmes as he follows suit, reaching for the cutlery.
Removing the handkerchief, Sherlock uses the maroon fabric to wipe his brow as he proceeds to remove the rest of the groceries from the bags.
Thankfully, the rattling and shaking slows to an eventual stop, the room returning to its previous pristine condition as Sherlock opens his eyes… only to find Moriarty holding a pistol right next to his chin.
But John’s senses aren’t dulled by alcohol anymore, his feelings not unknowingly put on display, not like before.
“Boyfriend,” John whispers again as he entangles himself from Sherlock’s grip. He turns onto his side, getting himself comfortable on the bed before tugging Sherlock closer to him, wrapping a hand around his body and holding him close.
“And what, talking about it makes things all better now doesn’t it?” Sherlock snaps, fixing John with a haughty look, “Talking about it brings Magnussen back to life, helps me to erase the worst mistake I’ve ever made in my life? Is that it?”
“Well in Japan, they have a law whereby the accidental splashing water or mud on a pedestrian’s clothing requires the driver to pay for the cleaning of their clothes so I don’t see why not.”
He stumbles towards the window now, his heart beating in his throat as he grips John’s dog tags tightly, watching as the door to 221B opens. He looks on as the man gets into the car, taking one last look at the facade of Baker Street before starting the ignition, the car rumbling to life.
There is a slim chance at a possible rescue though, Mycroft might sense that something is wrong since he terminated his call so swiftly. If so, he’ll probably send his men in to help him.
John’s breathing hitches in response, his whole body going still before he springs to life once again, his hands digging into Sherlock’s hair and pulling Sherlock’s face back to his, their lips meeting in a fiery kiss as John leads him forwards into the bedroom.
And to add insult to injury, he’s got a rugby game tomorrow. That’s really going to shorten his studying time significantly so he has to get a move on.
“Sherlock,” John raises his voice a little. The man on the other end sounds like he’s treating this like a game, as if the only thing he’s interested in is understanding John’s predicament rather than fixing it. “Sherlock, I’m genuinely scared. Are you saying there’s a large part of my memory missing?”
“We just met the man a few hours ago,” he mutters, knowing that John can hear him even though he isn’t facing him, “I can’t believe-”
At least he hadn’t brought any of them home, Sherlock muses. He doesn’t think he would have been able to keep it together if John had done so.
“Mike! He always shows up for our study sessions, he always does! What if something's happened to him?” John mutters through gritted teeth, anxiously clutching the edges of his textbook.
Levering himself up on one arm, Sherlock wraps the blanket even more tightly around himself as he pads out of his bedroom into the kitchen.
John had thought of him! He had actually planned this specially for Sherlock! And he had been clearly excited about it! And… and…
“John’s unprecedented move back to Baker Street has set in motion a series of events, each inevitable in their own right,” Mycroft starts, voice grave, eyes boring into Sherlock’s, “However, John’s exceptionally timely return has accelerated their progress.”
“Well I sure hope it does,” John answers, reaching for the doorknob, “It’ll make it a lot easier for me to get you to eat in future if so?”
He kisses back as good as he can, his lips worrying a spot on John’s top lip as John’s hands scrabble for purchase in his curls, tightening their hold for a moment before releasing and moving on to another patch of hair. It's as if John can’t believe that he’s really there, as if he’s trying to constantly prove to himself that Sherlock isn’t going away.
They’d caught the thief at around 3 in the morning and crashed at about 4, the two of them shucking their shirts and trousers just in time before falling soundly asleep.
The driver answers with a silent nod, starting the ignition as Sherlock swoops into the car, John following closely behind.
“Mary and John, whatever it takes, whatever happens, from now on I swear I will always be there. Always.”
John's lips soar upwards to claim his with a violence akin to that of a drowning man desperately seeking air. He winds his fingers tighter around Sherlock’s neck, the fingers in his hair tangling further into his curls to draw him closer.
Sherlock gasps in response, his body relaxing as John presses a kiss to the tip of a deep scar, running his lips down to the base of the strip of puckered skin.
"She came back from a visit to her sister's to check on her, see how she's doing and all that, and now she's scarred for life,” Mrs Hudson has come back with tea which Lestrade accepts gratefully. He takes a gulp as Sherlock taps his feet, clearly restless and wanting for him to continue.
How on earth did Mycroft know? Did his intelligence agencies inform him of something that Sherlock wasn't privy to?
“Not too far from here, you said?” Sherlock responds, turning to John before continuing, “Are you up for a bit more investigating? I’m certain we can wrap this murder up by the end of today.”
John frowns at this, his expression stormy as Sherlock turns to face him. The man freezes in response, locking eyes with John as his shoulders tense up.
“I- I- erm. I’m going to bathe you now,” he mutters awkwardly, heat filling his cheeks as John chuckles, reaching a hand to draw him forward.
,” she says, spitting the word with a substantial amount of venom as John's head falls to the table once more. “You guys never get anything done.”
Unlike him, the man manages to unlock the door swiftly, his hands steady even though Sherlock catches a mild tremor in them.
Scratching his head, John settles back down on the comforter, turning his attention to the clock on the wall opposite.
“More than fine I guess,” Sherlock replies, “His father managed to get their family business up and running again so... he’s basically drowning in cash.”
“No not really… considering that that was the first time I’ve ever been kissed, not counting the kiss I gave you before.”
How’s the wound healing? Sorry I can’t come over to check up on you personally, I’m a bit busy at the moment. I hope to find time soon.
“For a skinny bastard like you, you do seem to have pretty well-endowed arse cheeks,” John mutters, bending to press kisses on each one as Sherlock groans.
“It’s just…” John mutters, his voice cracking a little, “Mike... What if they like each other? You know… In that kind of way?”
Sherlock’s not entirely sure how appropriate it is to be having sex in a bathtub while one’s wife is going through labour. He feels bad about it for a moment before remembering what Mary has done to the both of them, how unrepentant she had been about hurting either of them and he goes back to not caring.
Sherlock wonders what he must look like right now, curls tousled, clothing rumpled and lips slick with saliva. Does John find that attractive? It only makes sense since it does appeal to the carnal nature of sex, but Sherlock’s never had an emotional entanglement of any sort before so it’s not like he’d know first-hand.
While everything else in his world seems smooth and untouched, the dog tags appear to be worn and battered, as if they’re more real than anything else here.
Sherlock gasps for air, adrenaline surging through his veins as John’s lips descend on his, pulling, tugging, sucking and Sherlock tries to give back as good as he can, his hands coming up to rest on John’s shoulders as he meets John kiss for kiss.
Thankfully, there’s no one else in the corridor right now. It’s way past 2am and most of the people left are all on night shift. Visiting hours have long since ended but he managed to get into the ward with some help from Mycroft. Having the British government as your brother thankfully does have some perks.
Snuffling gently, John reaches around his back, tugging Sherlock closer into the warmth of his body as Sherlock relaxes, his breaths deepening.
Oh god no, please no, Sherlock thinks as memories of that horrible night come flooding back to him. It’s as if Watso-Joh-Watson’s? question has opened up a floodgate in his mind, bringing John’s desperate pleas for closure back to the forefront of his consciousness.
John swivels around on his feet, finding a village not too far from where he’s dropped himself - the same village he’d been in before.
It’s 5a.m. in the morning and Sherlock is wide awake. He'd woken up at around 4 in the morning, shivering violently and immediately regretting sleeping without the covers on. He’d burrowed under the cotton duvet instantly, but the damage had been done. There was no way he was going to get back to sleep at that rate.
He swats at Sherlock’s hips in answer, fixing the man with a cheeky look when he reaches the foot of the bed.
“See you soon,” she calls one last time as John shuts the door, strapping himself back into the driver’s seat, his expression morphing into something stonier as he turns the ignition.
“Jem liked referring to Sheryl as “A Tall Glass of Water” and Sheryl called Jem peanut,” Cameron replies, “What does this have to do with anything?”
“Well, a somewhat shorter exile than we’d imagined, brother mine, although adequate given your levels of OCD,” a voice drones from the entrance of the plane.
Sherlock stares back at Mycroft, his eyes wide. Well… since his brother has been so open, he should probably respond appropriately.
“But you couldn’t have killed him,” he mutters, a little unsure, the lines of reality and fantasy blurring as Moriarty turns back to face him, a smug look on his face.
“What did Mycroft say?” he questions as Sherlock steps into the lift, the doors closing behind him swiftly. “Anything helpful?”
A midnight black car is driving down the road, gravel crunching loudly under its wheels as it makes its way over to the airplane.
“Sherlock… I know... That day… It was the Cameron case…” John stutters, his breaths coming faster. “You explained to me why you jumped-”
“We have an agreement, my brother and I, ever since that day,” Mycroft says, Sherlock bites his lip at the memory, “Wherever I find him, whatever back alley or doss house... There will always be a list.”
“There used to be a treehouse in the backyard,” he continues, abruptly changing the subject of the conversation, “I used to take Redbeard up every night and we’d pretend to be pirates. I decided that I would play the captain, meaning that I had to use the stars for navigation.”
The pale blue ceiling is littered with bright blue star-shaped imprints, evidence of the glow-in-the-dark stars that Sherlock had stuck on when he was younger (and removed after Redbeard’s death).
“John Watson, this isn’t helping either of us. Please just tell me what’s wrong so that we can sort this out once and for all. You haven’t been your goddamn self since Monday-”
“I meant to be back in time for dinner but there was a traffic jam coming back,” he breathes, shutting the door soundly behind him, “Sorry for making you wait.”
Sherlock’s cock is flushed a deep red from root to tip, precome already started to bead at the top as the man thrusts wantonly up into thin air, clearly desperate for some semblance of friction.
Sherlock’s voice cracks on the last word. He brings his palms up to his face, hiding his face in his hands.
Think positively, he says to himself, his hands cut and bruised, his face throbbing with pain. Even though Moriarty has the upper hand… he can still beat him.
“But we both know that grown adults make mistakes sometimes,” Mary continues calmly, “and that sometimes they need a budge in the right direction to help them along the way.”
“It was phenomenal,” he purrs, his grin widening as John’s breath hitches, “Quite possibly the most amazing thing I’ve ever experienced-”
WOOHOO 10,000 words :,) Probably the longest chapter I've ever published... But tbh I had to compact the whole of TAB... so 10k isn't much of a surprise.
He digs into his T-shirt, raising the two metal plates hanging around his neck to his eye-level, gazing at John's engraved name fondly in the soft lamplight before letting the chain fall from his fingertips, clattering onto the duvet below.
“Nah,” John responds, turning to face Sherlock now, “I’ve just been really sleepy as of late. Nothing to be worried about.”
Sherlock’s eyes widen at this, staring at Moriarty in shock as the room begins to rock back and forth once again, even more violently this time.
John’s cock is flaccid, sort of. Sherlock can tell that the simple act of removing his clothes has made the man aroused. But John is tired, and probably isn’t up for sex at the moment so he’ll probably have to be careful. He doesn’t want to accidentally make John feel obligated to have sex with him.
Ok I think there'll be at least one more chapter of angst after this? Possibly two? We'll see. God writing Redbeard's backstory really did a number on me. I'm gonna go cry in a corner now. :,(
“To be honest, Sherlock, I’ve made my own fair share of horrible choices,” John cuts him off, stopping his train of thought right there and then, “There’s no point harping on them.”
He sees John give a momentary start forward, a tentative arm reaching out before it’s hastily retracted and then the moment is over. The spell breaks as the rest of the world comes rushing in and Sherlock is hyper-aware of the sounds of life filtering in from the exterior of Baker Street.
“She told me not to tell anyone,” David breathes, his lip wobbling as he lifts a shaky hand to wipe his brow, “How… How did you find out? She said no one would come looking.”
“I talked to Mycroft for a bit, told him that I should be the one to break the news to David,” John shrugs, “Partially for closure purposes and partially because I want to remember what the bastard’s face looks like so that I can give him an imaginary slap.”
Sherlock had said that Victor’s father had been a businessman who owned a company, a company which was likely multinational, given that he was working in England even though it was based in Australia. And running into debt aside, Sherlock had said that Victor’s economic situation had improved immensely.
He sighs as he digs through his old chest of drawers, pulling up the well-worn gilded telescope that he’d adored so long ago, the one that he used to take with him to the treehouse in the backyard when he was young and he had Redbeard.
There’s so much desperation in his voice, so much sheer vulnerability that even if Sherlock had wanted to say no, he wouldn’t have been able to.
“You okay?” John breathes when they break away for air, Sherlock’s breaths coming harshly against his lips as he heaves, his eyes wide and dark.
Now’s not the time for chickening out, not when his best friend’s marriage is at stake, not when the fate of his best friend’s future hangs in the balance.
“Sherlock, I would have probably gone a bit slower!” John shakes his head, sighing deeply, “First times are supposed to be special and I wouldn’t have pushed you so fast-”
John seems to be trying the same, his fingers increasing in pressure along certain lines of his back and Sherlock is certain that John feels the same way he does.
“Darling, it’s alright… I understand,” John breathes, pressing a kiss to both of Sherlock’s steaming cheeks, “It’s fine… I feel the same way.”
“She did it in the waiting room too, in front of everyone. The cashier, the regular patients, basically almost everyone I’d come to befriend during my time there.”
Unlike Sherlock’s pristine, professionally-crafted black pirate hat, Redbeard has a particularly flimsy looking paper hat sitting on his head.
“Would’ve been nicer if we’d called her Sherlock even, as per your request,” he chuckles as Sherlock’s face grows red, “Sherlock Felicia Watson. That sounds cute.”
If he hadn’t jumped from St. Barts that day, or if he’d told John that he was alive - he could saved them all this heartache, saved them all this pain…
There’s no update or return text from Mycroft, even though it’s clear that the man has read the message. The little stamp next to the message tells him that much.
Those mornings had been blissful peace, each waking moment in itself a special, magical time bubble that Sherlock had stored away deep in his mind palace, ensuring that they’d never been forgotten.
“Yeah… You’re right,” John groans, tugging at his fringe fitfully, “I’m… just… Yeah, ignore the dog bit please.”
John smiles, nuzzling into Sherlock’s neck as he wriggles his way into the space in between Sherlock and the back of the sofa.
I want that too Sherlock, god. I want to watch you grow old and love you all the more for it. I want to be with you forever, I want to have that chance to fall in love with you every single day for the rest of my life. I want to have that promise of a happy ending, so badly.
“Sherlock, are you there?” John Watson’s Unmistakable Voice calls. Judging from the footfalls, he is probably standing right outside their door (of course it’s theirs it’s always been theirs) and for once, Sherlock has absolutely no idea what to do. He’s not anticipated any scenario remotely similar to this and has, in fact, been solidly successful in preventing himself from musing about any situations involving John visiting 221B Baker Street. He has to look after Mary after all, he shouldn’t have any reason to bother with his
“It was absolutely perfect,” he finishes, planting a soft kiss on John’s lips, “Don’t worry your head about it.”
“It’s going to be alright I promise!” the dirtied version of him calls out, rushing forward towards the man on the ground.
Sherlock’s chest tightens at the sight, warmth settling deep in his belly even though he knows that his face is a complete open book. Even though he knows that what he's doing right now is erasing all the work he's done in the past to hide his true feelings, to hide his love for John.
He smirks as he gives the area one final swipe with his tongue, Sherlock’s body relaxing as John presses one final kiss to both his nipples before moving on.
He plays on, remembering how it'd felt the first time he'd played this piece in public. Of how his heart had clenched when he'd seen John's hands resting on Mary’s waist, guiding his wife in an intimate waltz.
“You told me you did it to protect me. That much I understand… But-” John’s voice cracks, his irises turning a misty teal as he dips his chin, refusing to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
“You’d fuck me then and there, I know you would,” Sherlock purrs, John’s expletive causing an idea to pop into his head. He licks the shell of John’s ear and John practically shivers, “You’d hold me so close to you, my body bent nearly in half as you thrust in and out of my body and I’d cling onto you like a lifeline, letting you absolutely ruin me-”
Today, he’s ordered some pad thai for himself while John has endeavoured to try the pineapple fried rice. They’ve both ordered some tom yum soup to share, the spicy dish being one of their shared favourites. Clearly, it’s a dish that John has sorely missed because half of it has disappeared already despite the food having only arrived 10 minutes ago.
“The tickets to the crime exhibition at the London museum? The tickets that the most observant man in the world seems to have no knowledge of?”
He doesn’t know when his heart started beating so fast but right now it feels like the mass of muscle is preparing to explode out of his chest.
He whisks his phone off the countertop, settling down in John’s chair as he begins to flick through the emails he’d received when he was gone, although honestly there’s barely anything.
Sherlock frowns, puzzling over John’s pronouncement for a moment before remembering that his fingers are bandaged and bleeding.
He’s been stoically ignoring her though and had even fallen asleep soon after she’d knocked on the door for the third time.
“God John,” he responds, “He was just a friend, nothing more. And if it helps, Victor is already off limits, he’s got a boyfriend back home.”
Mycroft remains silent at this, turning his gaze from Sherlock’s to rest on a corner of the room instead.
John cuts him off again with another brush of his lips, his tongue diving downwards to meet his once again and Sherlock rises to the challenge, his tongue tangling tightly around John’s as he lifts his other arm, brushing a hand roughly down John’s back.
But if it was the right decision to make, the best choice for the sake of John’s happiness… Then why isn’t he able to rest easy at all?
“But for now, you’ll just have to wait,” John murmurs again and Sherlock moans, shuddering as John slips the tip of his finger through the sphincter before drawing it out slowly again.
“Lestrade, they were found on a bed. For godsakes, do keep up,” Sherlock continues, slightly miffed by Lestrade’s idiocy. “Well... That and the fact that there was a bottle of lube next to the bed hidden amongst the tenant’s hair care products. The bottle had a receipt underneath, the time stamp being only a few hours before the women were supposed to have died. Your team must have found that at
“Prick,” Sherlock manages in between giggles, his body writhing uncontrollably as John continues his unforgiving onslaught of tickles. “Ok, ok not a prick. NOT A PRICK,” he yells as John tickles him with greater intensity.
It's all things that Sherlock has said before and yet hearing them repeated… once again for his ears only, surprises Sherlock a little. He knows none of these statements to be close to the truth, even from the point of utterance and yet he'd never truly figured the extent of his fake facade...
“That has missed the both of us and lodged its way in the wall behind us,” John rolls his eyes as an officer walks up to them with a knife, sawing Sherlock’s restraints away.
Sherlock shakes himself out of the memory, willing it away as he sits up straight. He clears his voice loudly before continuing his story.
Sherlock grits his teeth uncomfortably as confusion coats John’s face, his eyes darting between him and David, a silent request for an explanation.
Oh Sherlock, fuck I really considered getting out of the train carriage and turning around to go back to you. But I can’t. You know I can’t. I’m sorry.
“He appears to have hardly a care in the world now, quite an improvement from the boy I saw ages ago who believed that his future had been stolen from him due to a loss of finances.”
He feels John jerk away in response as well, pulling away so that he's as far away from Sherlock as possible. Sherlock laments the loss of contact but immediately directs his attention to the door.
What is he doing? The last time he touched the dog tags, all it did was show him getting shot and dying. What the hell would touching it again serve? What if all it ended up doing was show him dying in the desert again…
John had forgiven him though, well sort of. He'd listened to his explanations, seemingly understanding where Sherlock was coming from and his reasoning behind everything that he’d done.
He lifts the lid of the packaging, breathing in the fragrant smell of ee-fu noodles before tucking in, finally allowing his mind to once again wander to thoughts of Sherlock and Victor.
He hears Sherlock let out a sigh, returning to his book with the rustle of crinkling pages as his side of the room grows darker, meaning that Sherlock must have shifted the light over to his side.
“Somewhere in the South of London. We’ve managed to affirm that much,” she answers in a clipped manner, pursing her lips in annoyance.
“Just… Come on Sherlock,” he says almost exasperatedly. He’d clearly hoped for a straightforward answer, “It was as plain as a nose on your face that you didn’t really like her all that much.”
“John,” Sherlock replies gently, squeezing John’s hand before continuing, “You know perfectly well why I couldn’t do that.”
“I’m doing... what I think is right,” John says again, his voice sounding more unsure than it had been before.
However, instead of a harsh blow, Sherlock is instead greeted by warm, wet lips, pressed firmly against his as John’s body falls onto his, pinning him down. He draws a sharp intake of breath, the wind knocked out of him as John wraps a hand in his hair, pulling his face up to meet his.
This is the time for zero inhibitions, for baring himself to John for the first and last time. Because this is the only chance he’s going to get anyway.
And John does a spectacular twist with his thumb on the crown of Sherlock’s cock and Sherlock is coming, come spurting in between their bodies as Sherlock cries out in relief, his body convulsing and dragging John under.
He’d thrown himself into wedding planning, forcing himself to forget all about the wedding while simultaneously making sure that it was all that he could think of. John had presented him with a front row seat to his own funeral, but since it was John, how could he have said no?
he thinks to himself as he lets the tags go, watching as they clink up against the milky white of his chest,
!!! I'm always open to you guys, drown my ask box in messages if you want haha. Headcanons are gr8 too :,) Who knows I might consider writing some haha. I need fluff to keep me going in the angst fest that is the other fic.
His bow draws quiet notes from the strings, gentle chords that whirl through the air, pervading the room around him.
“I… Sherlock I…” John begins, looking extremely perplexed, as if willing himself to say something but the words won't come.
God, he knew that John treasured their friendship immensely but having a photo of them next to his bedside table? He hadn’t expected that.
He looks ten years younger, the lines of his forehead stripped away of any stress or hurt... or pain. It’s John as he should be, John happy and safe and peaceful.
John’s truly been through so much these past few weeks. He’s gained and lost, suffered and survived…  Sherlock turns his head to face the frosted glass door as he snuggles down into a comfortable position, sighing deeply as he listens to the pitter patter of trickling shower water.
That hadn’t been the only improvement to John’s life though. Before, Sherlock had been closed off, a solitary brooding figure who appeared to disdain any human contact. Now, however, John has access to the man at all hours of the day - not just physically but emotionally. Sherlock is so much more open now, sharing things with John that he’d never allowed himself to before, hugging John when he least expects it, even granting him good night kisses when John decides to go to bed early.
“A what?” Sherlock replies slightly stunned. So John believes him then, or at least he seems to, but then again John tends to believe everything he says.
“Well, it’s clearly something to do with Moriarty,” Sherlock says, trying to steer the conversation away from dangerous waters, “That much is obvious.”
John blinks in confusion as he peers over the side of his bed, getting a closer look at the engraving on the other plate.
John’s eyes fall, transfixed on the pavement for a beat before he raises his head once again. He nods his head in Sherlock’s direction, a solid, controlled movement, before taking off for the cab.
They lapse back into an uncomfortable silence, punctuated with quick sips from their mugs and the crumble and crunch of biscuits on teeth and Sherlock can’t take it anymore. It’s been slightly over a month since he’s last seen John face to face and a little part of him wishes for a slightly more intimate conversation. There are so many things that they’ve never talked about, so many things that Sherlock wishes they had talked about but now would seem like opening up old wounds if they discussed them.
btw idk how broadcast hijacking works I just used whatever meagre knowledge I've gleaned from spy movies lmao. It's definitely more dramatic than it is accurate. I'm certain you actually have to be at the respective broadcasting station to intercept a signal but ah who cares I was pressed for time and we don't really care about accuracy do we? (I hope)
He revels in the warmth of the water as John’s chest rumbles. He feels the man extract his finger from his entrance, his other hand picking up speed on his own cock. John’s thrusts are now more rapid, more certain and sure, as if he’d previously paid more attention to Sherlock than himself (which is probably true).
Also the inspiration for Sherlock dancing around with his violin came from Lindsey Stirling, she's amazing really.
And how could Sherlock have been so stupid, how could he have not realised that he’d walked face first into a trap. If he hadn’t come here, none of this would have happened…
“It’s ok Sherlock,” John reassures him, flashing him a huge grin. Oh god, he didn’t mean to make him feel bad about it, it’s just the way the genius boy’s mind works and if John has to get used to it, he will get used to it. “I know that it's something that you do to help yourself think better and on no account should you change that for me.”
However, when he’d pressed an inquisitive ear to his bedroom door, the wood had reverberated with the sound of soft snores, which meant that John had fallen asleep outside his door and had made it his mission to remain there for the whole night.
“And… I suppose for the first time… Maybe on my back?” he blushes and says, feeling the full force of John’s gaze on him, “I’d like to see you.”
Directing Sherlock towards the sink, he washes Sherlock’s fingers tenderly under warm water, scrubbing the dried blood off his nails as Sherlock winces at the sting.
But he’d survived, survived against all odds, knowing that Mary knew that he was the one thing obstructing her from having a perfect relationship with her own husband. He knew it too, knew that as long as he was around, John would never go back to Mary. And Mary was good for John, was what John had always wanted in a partner.
“Just a hunch,” John hums, reaching into the cabinet next to him to pull out a clean set of chopsticks, “I joined Team Valor though… Just so you know.”
“John…” Sherlock begins, his voice calm and collected, the kind of voice you’d use to soothe a frightened animal, “Is there something wrong-”
“The game is never over, John,” he replies, his voice taking on a gentler tone, “but there may be some new players now... It’s okay. The East Wind takes us all in the end.”
So he looks away instead, watching out of the corner of his eye as John turns, ducking his head downwards, away from Mary.
He listens to the evened breathing of his roommate, a comforting rhythm that moves his heart rate to slow, calming him down.
“No worries,” he replies gently, his other arm now dipping lower to rub slow circles against Sherlock’s back, “There’ve been worse things on it.”
“Since we're definitely going to be do a lot of walking today,” John says, dusting his hands off on his jeans, “I’d recommend you finish your breakfast.”
Sherlock doesn’t respond, his body going rigid as he turns towards the door, goosebumps erupting out of his skin as he sets the photo down on the bed next to the telescope.
“I’M FASCINATING, CHARMING, ENCHANTING-” he wails, keeping up the litany of praise as John dives into him, harder and faster than before.
He makes his way up the stairs slowly, ensuring that every creak is heard by the intruder that is likely sitting in his living room right this very moment.
“God,” Sherlock manages as John strokes the same spot again, Sherlock moaning loudly this time as his thighs tremble, “Fuck.”
“IF YOU HAD TOLD ME I WOULDN’T HAVE KILLED MAGNUSSEN,” he cries, bending over the table to glare at Mycroft, gesticulating vigorously, “THIS COULD HAVE ALL BEEN AVOIDED-”
And right before his eyes, grass had begun to sprout from the ground, their green stalks twisting and turning their way out of the earth as one particularly large one rose higher and higher, its bark thickening as its branches stretched out towards the heavens.
He trembles, willing his muscles to relax as John’s fingers stutter to a stop, seated as far as they can go.
He remembers his lovely telescope, the one that had had his name embellished on it in gold. He’d bring it out and pretend that he and Redbeard were sailing the high seas, that they were pirates on a special voyage to somewhere Far Far Away.
He watches as John stills, his grip on his shirt relaxing as he attempts to right himself, raising himself up on one knee.
“What’s happened?” Sherlock breathes, tearing his gaze away from John as he turns his face towards the wooden door nearest to them.
Now’s a better time than ever to bring it up, to see whether the word “beautiful” is truly a description that Sherlock hates.
They spend the rest of the afternoon weaving in and out of exhibition halls, Sherlock a fastidious blur every time he spots something interesting, swooping in dramatically on any display that he deems interesting enough. He rattles off his deductions to John as he goes along, allowing John to drop in a “that’s brilliant” or an “amazing” here and there before hurriedly stalking off to ensure he doesn’t get too flustered by the praise.
“When I realised it though?” Sherlock smiles, feeling an answering smile on John’s lips, “That’s a lot trickier… I’d repressed the thought of loving you for quite some time, refusing to deal with it and keeping in denial… However, when I left for… you know… It was quite emotionally taxing and the only thing that kept me going was coming back to Baker Street, and eventually that morphed into coming back to you.”
He holds Sherlock close as the man stiffens, his arms enclosing Sherlock in a safe bubble as Sherlock’s muscles tense up, his hair standing on end. Pulling the man close, he waits till he relaxes before loosening his grip, watching as the man shrugs back into his arms, sighing deeply. He lets the moment hang heavy over them for a second or two before he speaks.
, it reads before cycling to a mess of images, many of them taken from a helicopter hovering some distance above Magnussen’s house the day Sherlock had shot him.
Sherlock relaxes slightly at this, his shoulders slumping a little as he points the way to the next atrium, briefing John on the cases the next section will be dealing with as John listens on attentively, nodding and asking questions every now and then.
It was then that John’s breath had caught in his throat, alerting Sherlock to the fact that John had woken up. Freezing still for a moment, the knowledge that this intimacy might not be very welcome came flooding back to him. He had shifted uncomfortably, wondering whether he should move to get off the bed and flee or if he should stay put and let John flee instead.
He can still hear John sniffling, the sound pervading the stony silence as he falls onto his bed, his eyes closing as he struggles to think.
Nudging his cock up against John’s thigh, Sherlock grabs onto John’s hand, drawing their shared grips downwards towards the heated space between their bodies, taking their erections in hand.
Well… whatever it is, it seems like this was an arrangement decided on by a hurried agreement made by both Mycroft and John in the last hour or so, judging from the rushed manner of their preparations… which is quite worrying considering that the only factor that has changed in the past hour is Moriarty’s return.
“Oh, you see but you do not observe. Do you remember that the killer dumped the vodka bottle into a recycling bin? Of all places? Amateur mistake. Clearly, the killer has a slight inclination towards environmentalism. A killer that would likely refuse to have the heating on despite the weather being pretty chilly and would probably have installed energy-saving light bulbs instead of the traditional incandescent ones,” Sherlock responds, smiling widely, evidently enjoying himself.
“Sherlock I’m not leaving, it’s only going to be a few days. I’ll be coming back,” John stresses, his eyes focused resolutely on Sherlock.
“Oh, Victor!” Irene exclaims, recognition sparkling in her gaze, “Yeah Sherlock’s mentioned him before, he seems like a nice guy-”
“Have you been sleeping even? God, Sherlock you look like shit,” John exclaims as he shifts closer to Sherlock, examining his face with doctorly concern.
John’s hands fall from his face the moment the papers touch the table. He looks just as wrecked as Sherlock feels, his eyes streaked with red as he reaches for the first sheet of paper with tentative hands.
The drawer rattles as it opens, John’s eyes going wide as Sherlock retrieves a tiny, cylindrical bottle, handing it over to him.
Sherlock’s cheeks redden with each declaration, his skin catching fire as John continues to spoil him with bold proclamations of tender affection, stroking his fingers over Sherlock’s burning cheeks.
“Sherlock, remember that time I told you I was going to Harry’s house…” he starts, looking a bit sheepish now, “I had actually initiated a meeting with Mycroft.”
Which is why he’s up at 2 am in the morning, flipping open his laptop and inserting the thumb drive into the USB drive like a blithering idiot who has no sense of self-control.
Sherlock’s eyes fly open, blinking wildly for a moment before he remembers where he is and how he got there.
“Please don’t actually ask Mycroft about this,” John manages, an amused grin plastered on his face as he turns back to Sherlock.
“On your knees, Professor,” Watson orders, staring Moriarty down who flashes him a dumbfounded, annoyed look. However, the man does comply, falling to his knees.
“I expected Sheryl to drink it that night, that girl could never resist a good drink. So I fully expected to wake up the next morning and have Jem frantically calling me, telling her that her girlfriend was dead. However, no such call came so I worried and went to check on them. That… that BITCH,” he cries, the venom palpable in his voice, “Had somehow convinced her to have some of the vodka and they were both lying there dead, DEAD on that bed of hers.”
“Sorry Sherlock, brother’s orders,” John answers, steering the car off into an exit as Sherlock groans, sliding back sullenly into his seat.
“Like I said, what do you know of love?” Cameron laughs at this before continuing, “You would have done the same if you had been in my position. I’m sure of it.”
Solving crimes together, bickering over dinner together, making sweet love together, chasing after murderers and cheats together, falling in love over and over again
He allows the words to hang in the air, listening as silence descends between the two of them, the only sound that he can hear being the soft rumble of morning traffic and the crunch of gravel beneath his feet.
“If you want to be technical about it, none of this is ‘the real world’. We’ve been in a simulation for years. It’s supposed to be till a colony is established on another planet, safe enough for us to leave the simulation and for our bodies to come back online.”
I would play with your nipples, suck them into my mouth, lave them with my tongue, nibble at them with my teeth till you’re a crying, screaming mess.
“Yeah…” John replies, flashing Sherlock a shy smile, “You did nothing wrong sweetheart- sorry, that just kind of slipped out-”
Sherlock thinks about the question, realising that his answer could make or break his relationship with John… but that it could also make or break John’s happiness.
Sherlock kisses back in tiny sips, drinking his fill of the man’s lips as his fingers wind their way into John’s hair, tangling in the short strands there as he drags John’s face closer.
He gets up, running his hands through his curls, attempting to calm them somewhat but failing miserably.
The fingers skirt along his pubic area, swirling circles around his inner thighs and it feels like a switch has been flicked in his brain.
This has been happening for the past week of his solitary confinement and he just wants them to stop… Just wants them to-
“He encouraged me to do start dance lessons, privately of course, I couldn’t stand other children my age-” John sniggers at this, prompting Sherlock to beam back, “- He paid for them all too, very generous of him.”
“I once had a dog,” he begins, his voice trembling as John takes a seat by him on his bed, a safe distance away from him, Sherlock notes.
The words are unspoken but Sherlock knows what John had been about to say all the same. He reaches for John’s face, cupping his cheek as he wipes his tears gently from his eyes.
She raises a hand to John’s back, holding him there possessively as John raises his gaze to Sherlock’s, their eyes meeting for a millisecond.
“Anything you say love,” is the last that Sherlock hears as he steps across the threshold of the bathroom, surveying the tiny space before him.
Sherlock gulps as Mary snakes an arm around his neck, bending to rest her chin on his head before recoiling and stalking away from him, making her way to John.
“Fuck you’re leaking,” John gasps when he reaches his target, pumping the engorged flesh there quickly, “You’re actually leaking-”
“He’s Mr Perfect, of course Sherlock likes him!” John interjects, his voice muffled by his shirtsleeve.
It’s a warm, sizzling sensation that radiates from his lips to the rest of his body, rivulets of liquid gold that stream through his veins and arteries from the top of his head to the tips of his toes and it feels absolutely amazing.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock murmurs, curious and yet at the same time slightly worried. John looks so fragile, so breakable and he doesn’t want to hurt him further by prodding too far.
“Good, that’s good. That’s exactly what I want,” John smirks, rolling his hips and thrusting up against Sherlock’s skin, “For you to know how gorgeous your hair is, whether it be combed back, oily, slick or messy. It’s beautiful Sherlock. God, even without washing, your curls are so soft. Fuck.”
When he opens his eyes, it’s to a stretch of clear white sand, dotted with rough brown shells as it stretches off into the distance.
“Never mind, let’s… hurry home,” he says, burrowing his fingers deep into the pockets of John’s jacket, causing John’s heart to twist at the sight.
Sherlock burrows into John’s chest in response, sighing happily as he hooks a hand around John’s neck, drawing him towards him.
“You think so?” Sherlock replies quizzically, wondering if he’s read that conversation totally wrong and Watson’s just trying to talk about Lady Carmichael’s attractiveness rather than dig into his personal life.
“Of course you’re not,” John breathes back, his lips brushing softly against Sherlock’s bare skin as he raises his head.
“Don’t look so surprised, of course we all knew you weren’t dead,” Mary rolls her eyes, waving her hand as if shooing the thought away, “I was, however, the one tasked with following up on you. I mean… I was supposed to succeed James if that’s what you’re wondering.”
However, he isn’t fast enough because Moriarty moves to stand over him, his dark presence casting a large, looming shadow over Sherlock’s prone form.
Mycroft has never been good with words and often, his actions have told stories that his words could never hope to accomplish.
Before that, though. John had refused to let go of him. His fingers had stubbornly curled around Sherlock’s shoulders, his other hand gripping Sherlock’s tightly as Mycroft informed them of Mary’s probable permanent incarceration in a facility far away from England and the fact that David had decided to take his baby as his own, raising her as a single father.
Sherlock’s eyes fly open, his heart thundering loudly in his chest as he wakes with a start. The sound of rushing water assaults his ears as he clutches his hands close to himself, hurriedly surveying the scene around him.
“Of course it is Sherlock,” he says, pleased as punch, “My mates are always welcome to any extra additions.”
“John,” she croons, tilting her head so that it rests comfortably on the palm of her hand, “I can’t tell if you’re really unobservant or if you’re just joking around.”
Sherlock doesn’t press him, knowing that putting more pressure on John, in view of the circumstances, is not a very good idea.
John smirks in response, withdrawing his fingers quickly with a loud “squelch” as Sherlock yelps, drawing his thighs up to his chest as John helps him hook them over his shoulders, arranging the limbs so that they criss-cross over the back of his chest.
He can hear John’s frown through the frosted glass. He can hear it in the shuffling of his feet and the swift exhale that counts as a very soft sigh.
I'm not abandoning this story though I promise you!!! I'll try to complete it ASAP (((even though summer is ending and school is starting again UGH))) Thanks for sticking with me.
He’s clearly too overcome by emotion to continue just yet so he pauses, his chest heaving violently and Sherlock wants nothing more than to wrap himself around him and hold him tight, never letting him go.
John smiles in response, his heart pounding as he drops a kiss to both sides of Sherlock’s forehead. He loves it when Sherlock gets like this, when his body takes over his mind, when he renders full control to his latent desires and allows John to act upon them.
Rising from his bed, John makes for the garden he’d created a few hours before, setting himself down on top of a tiny swing chair hanging from the branch of an oak tree.
“Used to fantasise about this you know,” he mutters, “Running my fingers over your arse, feeling the skin there quiver under my touch. It’s so fucking round god-”
He has to awake from his fantasy world at some point, has to realise that Sherlock is NOT THE ONE FOR HIM.
“Haaa…” he begins, stalling for time even as sweat begins to bead on his forehead, “Er… Well would you look at the time!”
He turns to look at John one more time, drinking in his still sleeping form, his half-opened mouth, his cherry red lips that had been on Sherlock’s just a mere hours before, his red-rimmed eyes...
He grinds upwards off the mattress, his thighs clenching as he writhes and squirms, trying to get closer to that delicious pressure as the figure continues to lavish his skin with satin stained kisses.
“Kind of shit isn’t it?” John laughs bitterly, “Knowing that your own wife didn’t really plan on marrying you for love but rather as a strategic advantage?”
But he’d have to be important enough for Sherlock to arrange a meet-up with so it has to be a close friend from his past… or maybe… something even more than friends?
“I think you’ll find that trying to repeat that whole process by killing my friend negates that,” John says, his shoulders tense.
“I’m fine,” he answers, an arm instinctively wrapping around Sherlock and drawing him closer, “It’s just…”
He’s been tossing and turning for the past few hours, struggling to find some respite in light of Mary’s unexpected and unwanted return into both of their lives.
This will be the first time in two weeks that he and John will have a direct conversation and Sherlock isn’t looking forward to it.
“Goodbye,” he whispers, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s lips just one last time as he turns around, making his way to the door.
They maintain eye contact for a few seconds, the ferocity in John’s gaze melting as Sherlock continues to stare at him in willful silence.
Sherlock turns to face Mycroft, his brother flashing him a sullen, angry look as he shakes his head. However, John comes to his rescue.
“Have patience, Watson,” Sherlock sighs, looking on as his friend extracts his watch from his pocket, looking down at it intently.
“Hey,” Sherlock manages, curving his head to face John as the man nuzzles into his neck, humming softly before pressing a quick kiss to his cheek.
He can’t have any contact with his brother, otherwise, Mary might go back on her word, given the delicate situation she’s currently in.
Hope you guys liked that! There should be more to come soon. I finish my exams on Dec 1st so I'll probably get to work on THTDU first and then continue with this.
He grins as he runs his fingers over his shoulder, feeling the dips and indents of John’s teeth marks there.
“Tracker, in his shoes,” he smiles and says as Sherlock heaves a sigh of relief, “Mycroft will be here soon enough. I simply… decided to go ahead and make sure my partner was doing fine.”
However, John flinches the moment Sherlock’s teeth make contact with his skin, his lips falling still as Sherlock panics, worried that it might have been too much for John to take in. But then John groans, a deep sound that seems to resonate from the depths of his chest, his lips soaring up to claim Sherlock’s once more, egging Sherlock on.
HEHE HI!!! Special surprise chapter for you guys uwu. Hope you guys like it. OOOHOOO things are getting hot in here
John refuses to respond to that, letting Sherlock’s sentence trail off as he picks up his pace, walking twice as fast now. It seems to stun Sherlock for a moment before he races ahead to catch up, his long legs helping him make up for the distance.
Sherlock’s cheeks redden as he gets himself out of his clothes, tugging off his shirt and toeing off his pants sluggishly before turning to John shyly.
They’ve been here for hours, in the greenhouse on the grounds of the Carmichael house, waiting for something interesting to happen. Of course, nothing of importance has occurred yet and Sir Eustace is still safe and sound and alive up in his bedroom. So much for bait…
John blinks in confusion as Sherlock begins to make his way across the tiled floor, wiggling his feet across every tile he steps on.
Sherlock gives up counting, deeming it a pointless and unhelpful exercise. It sure isn’t helping him now.
John smiles at him, cocking his head sideways cheekily before pressing his lips back to Sherlock’s, kissing him languidly as the hand not covered in lube begins to stroke Sherlock’s inner thigh, sending a shockwave of sensations up his body.
John has dipped his head down, his lips encircling Sherlock’s right nipple, sucking hard on the peaked, pinkish skin. His left hand is similarly busy, pinching Sherlock’s other nipple between his thumb and index finger and rubbing it, the nub hardening upon his touch.
“John if there’s something you really want to ask, go ahead,” he says softly, turning himself around to face John directly.
“For the last time, I only just met him. He’s Sherlock’s friend not mine,” he mutters before going back to moping.
Hope you guys enjoyed this!!! There's much more to come (2 chapters more I believe) I'm not sure how often I can post but I will see how my schedule goes... heh
Sherlock’s leg is halfway under the covers, his arm pressed down against his blanket and he probably looks like an idiot but he cannot help but stop and stare.
“That would never have happened Sherlock,” John is shaking his head vehemently, his eyes now a solid cerulean as he gazes back at Sherlock.
“Go back where?” John butts in, crossing his arms, clearly a little on edge, “You didn’t get very far.”
“There’s a bottle in the ensuite toilet,” John continues, “Pass it to me when you’re done so that we can do a urine test ASAP.”
It truly just feels like someone’s carved something out of his chest, leaving the space there hollow and aching, as if he’s missing something important that he doesn’t remember.
“Okay,” Sherlock replies softly. “Okay.” He hates seeing John like this, seeing him so human and so infinitely breakable and wishes he could take that question back, that exceedingly selfish question, oh god he is so
“And that explains why you tried to give me the drugs that day, why you goaded at me when I was at the wedding. It also explains why you sent out that mass broadcast - to bring me back to London. You weren't done with me were you?” Sherlock deduces, ignoring her calmly, “You just wanted to get a rise out of me, to see me crack so that John would hate me.”
It’s pitch black, his body barely visible in the darkness of the room, his bed a flickering silhouette against a backdrop of charcoal shadows.
But then the spell breaks, the world rushing back in as Sherlock’s gaze falls, his lips pressed into a gentle frown.
He unravels the dog tags, the metal chain unfurling in his grip as he pulls it over his head, the chain sweeping over his dark curls till it rests, cold and unyielding on his breastbone.
"But then he turns to look at John. John with his stupid wind-tousled hair and his stupid sea blue eyes that demand to be drowned in and he thinks to himself that it wouldn’t pain him much to have his heart broken if it was John who broke it for him."
“I’m fine Sherlock, don’t worry about me,” John says as he finally manages to cut through the bindings, moving onto his arm, “We’re both fine, aren’t we?”
“To tell you the truth, I've been over Sholto ever since I met you. I saw so much more in you than I did in him. You were both cold on the exterior, both unwilling to share your personal fears and doubts. But you, you were so much more open.”
. The unspoken words hang in the air and Sherlock finds he cannot go on or he might legitimately start tearing. John doesn’t seem to notice or pretends not to notice. He sets his mug down on the table with a soft thud and replies, “Don’t worry too much about it.” He seems to be refusing to make eye contact with Sherlock, staring resolutely at the table. “There’s always spare sheets in the cupboard if I need them anyways,” he’s still staring at the table as if there’s an interesting pattern in the wood that he’s not noticed before.
He shoves his way forward, pushing Mycroft’s shoulder out of the way as he stalks to the exit, the sound of hurried footfalls joining him as Mary and John begin to make for the door, John stopping in the doorway for a moment before rejoining them.
He groans further as John once again teases the rim of his sphincter, swirling and swirling the hole there before dipping in and out and in and-
“Hey Sherlock, you free tomorrow?” John chirps, peeking up from behind a sizeable stack of medical textbooks. “Mike and I are planning on trying out the new diner just outside of campus. It’ll be opening day so they’re supposedly gonna have
“No - what’s not true is how you seem to think that I’m beautiful John,” Sherlock mutters, his voice growing slightly hoarse, “It’s simply not possible,”
“Sherlock,” John breathes when they separate, their breaths mingling as they gasp for as much air as possible, “Sherlock, upstairs. Bedroom. Now.”
“She’s still in the early stages of labour,” John mutters, huffing softly, “Nothing terribly serious yet.”
He manages to catch John in time, thankfully, his arms reaching out to grab the man as he draws him down onto his side.
“I just don’t like being called beautiful is all,” Sherlock rolls his eyes, refusing to make eye contact, “Nothing particularly heinous about that-”
In four hours time he’ll meet John at the airstrip, seeing the man that he loves for the very last time and he’s not sure how he’s going to handle that.
“Then it’s settled, Lestrade take us there right now,” Sherlock barks before striding off towards Lestrade’s car, mind whirring at an incomparable speed. He hears John chuckle and suddenly remembers himself. “Er… please?” he finishes, turning around to face John who gives him a wide grin. Remembering his manners has always been another surefire way of making John happy.
Because all he really wants to do right now is to fall into John’s arms and kiss him for hours. He wants to tell John that it’s been the same for him, that he’s loved him for years now too and that he never wants to be apart from him ever again.
“Of course I have,” Sherlock replies, watching as Greg devours the proffered crumpet, “I just need the finer details.”
Sherlock’s eyes widen in panic as he raises rough, dirty hands to Moriarty’s shoulders, making an attempt at wrenching himself free.
John reaches down into the bath water, his hands skimming the surface slowly before gesturing to Sherlock that the temperature is alright.
He flips himself around, sitting up to face John who is currently clutching a rather sizeable white box. He’d really meant it when he said he’d brought his medical supplies over.
“Sher- er- lock,” John manages, his reddened eyes glazing over his as he leans forward, pressing his lips to Sherlock’s as tears begin to roll down his face.
“Well,” Greg starts, “We've got two women, found dead in an apartment down in East London. The toxicology report discovered bleach in their systems. It was ingested, the indication being the clear erosion of their oesophaguses by a strong alkali. We initially suspected suicide…”
John manages to hold him up somehow, his arms quickly slipping under Sherlock’s armpits as he hauls him back upright, their mouths reconnecting in a burning kiss. Sherlock sinks forward against John’s chest as he slots his mouth back against John’s, holding his own as he pushes hard against John's lips, wrapping his fingers around the nape of John's neck as he drags John impossibly closer, their teeth clacking as their lips collide over and over again.
“Sherlock, can I?” he continues, before clenching his lips tightly together. He immediately turns to face his lap, as if ashamed at himself for even daring to ask Sherlock such a question
“Since this is likely to be the last conversation I’ll have with John Watson...” he begins, turning to Mycroft. John inhales sharply at his words, expelling a painful sigh before Sherlock continues. “... would you mind if we took a moment?”
Sherlock chokes out a sob as he raises salt-drenched fingertips to his cheeks, wiping away trails of tears as he moves to stand.
“But look how you care about John Watson,” Magnussen sneers, a cruel gleam in his eye as he watches John make his way over to the semi-transparent screen. “Your damsel in distress.”
“God, is it really you? I’ve been trying to find you for years John. YEARS. I can’t believe it’s really you-”
This is how it’s been for the past one hour, Victor relating story after story about Sherlock to his rugby mates, some of which John has never heard of. It seems to have struck a chord with them because with the end of every story, comes a loud wave of laughter.
WELLLLLL... school is a bitch (so is my brain that has forced me to write other stuff that is not this fic)
He used to cook breakfast now and then when John was still living at Baker Street. He never had the heart to tell John, but John had nightmares often… really often, nightmares that left him shouting in the middle of the night, often waking Sherlock up.
John hums in response, his fingers creeping into Sherlock’s hair as he widens his jaw, his tongue slipping out to meet Sherlock’s. They moan in tandem as their tongues tangle, Sherlock sighing as he arches up into John’s lips, his eyes screwed shut as John’s tugs at his hair.
“Sherlock, come on work with me here,” John persists, turning on his side to face Sherlock, watching as the man’s eyes dart away from his, affixing their gaze firmly on the ceiling. “We have to talk about this.”
“We talked as Mycroft helped to bandage up my leg,” he continues, his eyes taking on a faraway look, “and we discovered that we shared similar interests.”
John isn’t as sensitive as he is it seems, but circling his nipples does seem to get a minute gasp out of him and Sherlock revels in it.
Sherlock smiles weakly, detaching one of John’s hands from his hip, raising it to his lips and planting a gentle kiss on the knuckles there.
Because as electrifying it is to have John’s undivided attention, he cannot allow himself to think that John has any interest in him beyond being best friends.
It takes about an hours worth of driving and one wrong turn before they arrive at the crime scene. In the interim, Lestrade had been showing John and Sherlock the case reports and the photos of the evidence they had collected.
Helicopter blades whip through the air as Mycroft’s aircraft bears down on the lawn, sending the grass into a flurry of rippling waves.
He loves John, he really does, but at some point, he wishes that he could find a way to stop caring, to stop these emotions from dictating his life… from dictating him.
“God JOHN! I never slept with her!” he sighs in dismay, “How many times must I get it into your head that I absolutely DO NOT swing that way,”
“Absolutely debauched, absolutely desperate, absolutely mine?” he whispers yet again into Sherlock’s neck, his hands reaching down to untuck Sherlock’s shirt, rucking it up so that they slip under. His fingertips skirt roughly across his torso, dragging harshly against his pectorals and nipples and Sherlock cries out loudly, his fingers digging harder into John’s back.
“No,” he manages. He scowls, trying to put on the most bitter expression he can manage as he turns to face away from the window.
Sherlock sets the kettle on its electric port, flicking the switch, watching as condensation begins to coat the interior of the glass casing. “I think we’re out of Twinings so we’ll just have to use the Lipton bags today,” he adds.
John stares back at her, extremely flabbergasted as he rests the wine bottle on the dining table stand.
“Sherlock,” he gasps, his breaths uneven as his eyes rove over Sherlock’s flushed chest. That had truly been one spectacular orgasm, he muses, considering that there’s come on Sherlock’s nipples too.
He must be dead, yeah that must be it, Sherlock thinks as he moans loudly, his nostrils flaring. Because how the hell did they end up here? It just doesn’t make any logical sense! John was angry, livid even and-
It’d happened one of the first few times they’d had sex, after a particularly gruelling case that had left their blood singing and adrenaline soaring. They’d spun into the bedroom, clothing strewn all over the floor as John had pushed Sherlock forwards onto the bed, their lips still sealed as their bodies made contact with soft cotton.
“I DON'T KNOW!” he bellows, bile rising in his throat as he bolts from the sofa, his head in his hands.
When it had come to his past girlfriends and boyfriends, John had always been certain that his potential partners liked him enough not to reject him. However, with Sherlock, one can’t ever be too sure.
Sherlock is just about to retort before Mary continues, “You said you loved John at the wedding didn’t you?” Sherlock’s breath stutters a little at this. Shit. Mary knows, she knows and she’s about to use the very thing he cherishes against him. “If you really loved him, you would do what’s best for him.”
“Mphf.” There’s a muffled grunt of acknowledgement as John emerges slowly from his bedroom, making little shuffling noises as he drags the chair out into the sitting room, “that sounds nice.”
They eventually reach Baker Street, soft street lights aglow as they stroll up to the front step, still chortling and giggling.
“I think I might have left a damp patch on your shoulder,” Sherlock murmurs, his eyes closing as he presses himself up against John’s chest, feeling the rumble of a chuckle before John replies.
Sherlock's face hardens as John moves to pick his phone up from the mantle. He’d forgotten it when he went out it seems.
He flashes a smile at Mary and John before making his way towards the car, shaking his head as John runs ahead, taking the driver’s seat.
He dumps the petri dishes into the basin in the sink, filling it with water as he begins to scrub the bases clean.
He hasn’t seen the man in 6 weeks, since Lily has been born. In fact, he hasn’t ever met Lily in person, out of fear that Mary might have felt threatened by his presence.
“I love you John Watson,” is all that Sherlock can manage right now, the words pouring out of his mouth in a hazy litany, “I love you I love you I love you-”
The thought of another man… doing the same things that he’s done with John is just a bit disconcerting. He’s not entirely sure why.
He gathers the mugs, along with two teaspoons, and carries them over to the kitchen table, taking a seat opposite John who has just finished unwrapping the cling foil from the biscuits on the table. John takes his mug, obviously delighted that Sherlock has offered to make tea for once instead of being coerced into doing it. “Ta,” he says as he grabs a teaspoon and stirs his tea, watching as the transparent liquid starts to swirl with brown. He then turns to stare at the RAMC logo on the mug, as if slightly puzzled by it.
Because of this, Sherlock has become increasingly comfortable around them and recently, John’s taken to notice that Sherlock genuinely enjoys their company.
Victor chuckles in response as Sherlock shakes his head, mouthing ‘please do not’ repeatedly at him.
“But after Redbeard passed away… I just couldn’t bear the thought of ‘Billy the pirate’ anymore. How could a pirate be a pirate without his trusty first mate?” Sherlock intones in dismay, his voice growing melancholic, “The name was so inextricably tied to him so rather than sorting my issues out with that at the time, I decided to go with Sherlock instead.”
“Gonna fill you up, gonna make you feel so good, make you mine,” John growls and Sherlock’s heart leaps in response, his chest thumping loudly as John shifts, burying his face in the juncture of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder.
Sherlock enjoys this time of the evening, has always enjoyed this time of evening. He loves the way the luminous lights cast their beams into the darkness, the way that they seem to set a bright halo on anything they touch. He knows that many consider him a man who has little appreciation for the more artsy side of life, like for nature and scenery. Maybe even John does after he found out that he knew nothing about the solar system. But they’re wrong, they’re so very wrong.
Whether that had been because John had drunkenly confessed to his team that he had a crush on Sherlock one night, John doesn’t really know. But it’d been nice to see the rest of his team taking it upon themselves to take Sherlock under their wing.
When he opens them again, the room has changed vastly. Instead of concrete walls, there are now clear glass panes, giving view to the dense nothingness surrounding him, a barren, flat sheet of white land.
“I’ll bring all my stuff back to Baker Street first. It might take a while because I haven’t packed it all up yet so I should be back around… let’s say mid afternoon?”
“You two, please shut up,” John huffs, shaking his head as he scans the map on his phone, “There’s supposedly a Lapras somewhere nearby and I think it’d be best if we went looking for that instead of arguing.”
He can hear John’s giggle before it comes, the way you can smell rain in the air before an oncoming storm, and before long John's laughing, honest to god guffawing, as if Sherlock has just said the funniest thing on Earth. And oh god if only Sherlock could do that every time he said something, if only he could bring John joy with every single one of his actions instead of sadness and disappointment because seeing John happy like this is one of the best things on Earth. He wants to take John’s musical laughter and lock it away in a music box so that he can listen to it anytime he wants, but John would probably say that that would be a bit not good.
However, just as he’s about to deliver what would probably have been the most heartfelt speech he had ever made in his life, he’s interrupted.
Why had she lied to him again? After all that? Couldn’t she have just stopped with that one final lie about her identity? Why did she have to take it one step further?
“What the hell have you done?” he whispers, the words coming out in a rush as Sherlock looks away from him, his gaze apologetic.
“So,” Sherlock continues, “Two ladies who have obviously been engaged in a sexual, or possibly romantic relationship, meet up at the house whenever the landlady is not around. It’s secret obviously. Why wait till the landlady isn’t around? Or why not have any links to each other on social media? They meet up at the house and drink a bottle of vodka that is laced with bleach. Understandable mistake, both liquids are colourless and both give you a burning sensation at the back of your throat upon ingestion,” Lestrade cringes slightly at this, “It must not have been a very high percentage, but probably a high enough percentage to kill them. This allows them to finish the whole bottle, which is why there are no stains on the bed despite them probably having left the bottle on it. They succumb to the alcohol’s effects first, which is why they look so peaceful in death. So they fall fast asleep while the bleach works its way through their systems, killing them in their sleep. They probably intended to use the lube when they woke up, but they never got the chance.”
“I excused myself to come back and pack my stuff,” he smiles, chuckling happily, “I’m so happy that you’re still here.”
“And you won’t,” Sherlock reassures him, “Look, Mycroft’s agents managed to prevent it from happening-”
“Am I talking to the same John Watson I met all those years ago?” he bellows, his eyebrows arching fiercely downwards, “Because this sounds nothing like you!”
“But you still don’t think you’re beautiful darling- at least not that I can tell,” John responds coyly, enjoying every bit of this.
“She… She told me to do it,” David whimpers, burying his face in his palms, “I had to let her in. 2 hours she said, just to wash up and have some food.”
Sherlock lifts sleepy eyelids, blinking groggily as he peers up in confusion at the face hovering above his.
“I was going to use that,” Sherlock murmurs in annoyance, his nose crinkling as he glares up at Molly’s retreating figure.
“Please,” he moans, the words sounding foreign to him as John continues to gaze at him, enraptured, “Please just move.”
Sherlock straightens up at this, looking towards John who nods his head before he continues, “So we know how they died. But now the question is, who spiked the bleach and killed them?” He pauses for dramatic effect before continuing, “One of the ladies, the black-haired lady if I remember correctly, was found with a knife through her heart. That’s obviously a dead giveaway as to the motive of the crime. It’s hardly a mystery. This distinct form of symbolism and the fact that the ladies’ romantic involvement was a secret can lead us to only one conclusion, that the crime was committed by a spurned lover of one of the two women. Most likely the lady with the blond hair since she wasn’t the one who was stabbed post-mortem. Sentiment would probably have prevented the murderer from doing so. So, the murderer probably spiked the bottle of vodka and gave it to the blond-haired lady. A few hours after the murderer was sure that they’d drunk it, the murderer comes back to the flat, probably in the morning, and removes the vodka, placing a bottle of bleach on the bed. It is then that the murderer takes a kitchen knife from the tenant’s kitchen and stabs her in the heart. Really, they shouldn’t have done that, it really made this case all the much easier to solve. So we’re looking for someone who was romantically attached to the blond haired lady.”
“I’m going to fucking kill whoever did that to you,” John spits. His eyes have now taken on a fiery quality, not much different from the look that John had given Cameron during that confrontation earlier. John’s brow is furrowed and as he turns to face Sherlock, Sherlock notes that his lips are pressed into a thin line. They’re not trembling any more.
He towels himself off, stepping into the bedroom as John walks past him, shutting the bathroom door gently.
They kiss through it, Sherlock’s mouth undulating under John’s as the man continues to cry, John’s tears mingling and racing down Sherlock’s skin.
Sherlock heaves a sigh of relief, rereading the text, suppressing the slight disappointment that’s beginning to settle in his chest. John seems to be fine, or at least he was at 2.34 PM…
They talk and talk, Sherlock unafraid and unshy of detailing his emotions and feelings throughout the course of the one year, John on the other hand, open and willing to talk more about the hurt that they’d both been through, of how they’d survived and conquered.
The room is dark, devoid of any natural light whatsoever, save for the little bit of light streaming in through the grimy windows in the far corner of the room. As his eyes adjust to the darkness, he squints, doing a quick sweep of the room.
He draws now from his joy, from his elation of finally being able to go home, of being able to see John, gliding his bow smoothly across the strings in a bold crescendo.
“Oh dear god,” she cries, her eyes tearing slightly as she bends back into Sherlock’s personal space, “You didn’t know? Since the beginning? I thought you knew HAH!”
They are better together somehow… which is why losing Sherlock due to a botched confession would be absolutely devastating.
With that final thought, Sherlock closes his eyes, placing a firm palm on the steel door, pushing it open slowly.
“Positive,” the man quips, nodding his head, “We’ve been playing Moriarty's game for far too long, the two of us, I think it's time we end this once and for all.”
“It would have been you, not me and fuck Sherlock I can’t have you stolen from me again,” John rasps as he wraps his arms around him, hot tears coating his cheeks as he begins to tremble, “I will not lose you.”
He remembers John chuckling softly, maneuvering Sherlock’s thigh off his leg. He had whispered a hushed “see you after work” before patting his arm gently and moving to stand.
He thrusts upwards involuntarily, his hips rolling, mindlessly desperate for more pressure against his cock before John growls, pinning his hips down firmly with his hands.
He listens as his mobile dings, three loud clear rings that signify a text. Shuffling over towards the side table, he scoops his handphone up, swiping the glossy screen as it lights up.
He’s ever tried imagining up other humans before. But all of them have always come out stiff and immovable, resembling mannequins far more than actual human beings.
Solving crimes together, bickering over dinner together, making sweet love together, chasing after murderers and cheats together, falling in love over and over again.
Satisfied with his progress, Sherlock begins scrubbing at the panels, watching as a year’s worth of grime and dust falls richly onto his palms.
“I do hope you've had a good night's sleep," she almost snarls, smiling at John before turning her fiery gaze to him instead, "especially you Sherlock.”
“So Sherlock…” he says when he’s seated himself all the way down to the hilt, his balls brushing up against Sherlock’s buttocks, “Anything you’d like to say?”
But what of? That he’ll lose Sherlock too? Just like the way he lost Lily? The way he lost his family all in one day?
Sherlock sighs in relief, nodding his head. So that’s what John has been struggling with. He understands what John means completely.
He’s dressed in a blue jacket and checkered shirt, his hair neatly combed and face cleanly shaved. Which means that he’d woken up a lot earlier today. Sherlock glances at the clock. It’s 8 in the morning, so he’d probably woken up around 7? Maybe earlier?
He licks his way into Sherlock’s entrance, tasting a bit of his come on the ring of muscle there and lets out a loud groan in response, his chest vibrating up against Sherlock’s thigh.
They're fairly new-ish. The paint on the lobby door is peeling a bit but it's nothing a quick touch-up can't fix. The facade implies something mid-range price-wise, basically flats with generously-sized rooms. Seems decent… perfect for a bachelor really.
“As are you John Watson,” Sherlock mumbles sleepily, his eyes starting to fall close from exhaustion, “As are you.”
“Okay,” he murmurs, his heartbeat slowing as he lifts his face to meet John’s, pressing his lips gently against his. “Okay.”
God, now he’s gone and ruined it all. John knows. He knows. Maybe he’s known for a long time already and was just waiting for Sherlock to confirm it for him. He’s going to leave now an-
Mary had said that she’d loved John, asserting that “fact” several times through her belief that keeping John in the dark would “keep him safe”.
“No, of course we don’t,” Mary chides in a patronising tone, her words stinging a little. “You’re not making any sense, Sherlock.”
“Why are you talking like this?” Sherlock spits, simultaneously frustrated and a little fearful of the sudden change in conversation.
“Nice to see you David,” John intones politely, waiting till David gestures to the sofa before taking a seat, “How've you been?”
“I tried explaining the concept of stars and constellations to Redbeard as well, but of course that didn’t go over so well,” he muses, turning towards John sheepishly who smiles back.
“Of course he is,” she laughs, mocking him, “I used to think the same too. Did you know that I started dating him to keep tabs on you? Well, it ended up being a win-win situation.”
Because Sherlock, regardless of whatever the man says, requires a lot of consistent love and affection. But unfortunately for him, his friend to “affection required” ratio is shit and John is most definitely not going to be that guy who disparages his friend’s choices just because they don’t suit him.
“I love you, John Watson,” he murmurs against his lips when he’s done, “I love you and nothing will ever be able to take me away from you.”
“I think I’ll go up now and unpack for a bit,” he says, getting up from his chair. “Do you mind doing the washing up?”
He brushes a hand over Sherlock’s chest, absolutely mesmerised. He’s never seen Sherlock without a shirt on before so this is entirely new to him.
Conversation ceases almost immediately, however, when they pull into the drop-off point at headquarters, Sherlock leaping out of the car as John thanks the driver and rushes out to join him.
He whimpers instead, his body shaking as John bites down gently, pulling the skin taut with his teeth before letting go and repeating the process again and again and this time Sherlock does scream.
He looks none the worse for wear, his eyebags look a little darker, his hair a little ruffled but otherwise John looks to be in the pink of health.
But John sniffs softly, slackening his grip on Sherlock as he takes a step back, making his way down the steps as Sherlock’s fingers slip from John’s shoulder, slinking down slowly to rest by his side.
“You just don’t know when to quit, do you,” she grins, leaning forward, her breaths putrid and foul on Sherlock’s face before she sways backwards once again, falling back into her chair.
“The fair sex is your department, Watson,” he replies, hoping that Watson finally takes the hint, “I’ll take your word for it-”
The rest of the car ride is charged, electricity zipping through the static air as Sherlock casts John furtive glances every now and then, John doing the same. And every time they hit a red light, both of them tense up involuntarily at the delay.
Also I haven't managed to do a full readthrough of this chapter yet so if there are mistakes I'll come back and fix them later
The possibilities are endless, now that they've finally come clean with each other. He wants to be touched by John, held by him for hours on end, if that is possible. And if he could, he would like to be cradled in John’s arms forever, till everything else in the world fades away and it’s just the two of them, together.
Sherlock flinches at the response, willing himself desperately not to press his lips back to John’s because if John doesn’t love Mary anymore…
“Had what?” Sherlock questions, hoping that Watson will put him out of his misery and spell it out for him.
They take turns to use the shower head, John finishing faster since it’s his second wash while Sherlock takes 5 minutes longer. His curls require more thorough cleaning than John’s hair after all.
Ok… Maybe… Maybe you could think through all the mysterious murders you’ve solved in the past? There might be something there, that’s similar to this one.
“Of course darling,” John mumbles, his gaze locked with Sherlock’s as he scoots closer to the man’s side, their shoulders meeting.
“David…” John starts, glancing at Sherlock once before turning to face David once again, “There's something we have to tell you.”
He can practically feel the blood thumping through his ears as John pulls off, licking the slit gently and he can’t take it anymore. He can’t-
“-And stupid of you,” she finishes, slapping him across the face as she moves to stand, circling Sherlock’s chair.
He raises his hands, lifting them swiftly to Moriarty’s chest. He gives one hard push, causing Moriarty to stumble away from him, falling to the ground. He waits for Moriarty to shake his head, straightening up for another assault before he lets his fists fly, punching the man right in the face-
And sometimes it gets too much, knowing that there could be memories just lying there, out of his reach.
It feels like his lungs have collapsed, like he’s forgotten how to breathe because once again, John Watson has managed to shock him.
He smirks up at Sherlock once again, tut-tutting playfully at Sherlock’s mini mishap as Sherlock rolls his eyes, almost failing to catch that John is about to begin another spin.
He’d injected the cocaine into his bloodstream, his veins singing with the high. However, after that first shot, guilt had overcome him, prompting him to chuck the rest of the pills into the drain, flushing them down.
And here he thought that he was about to be spending the day alone. A boring, lonely day just like any other day that he’s experienced after John moved out. Oh he does enjoy being proved wrong sometimes.
“Dear Lord,” he mutters, even as Watson continues to stare at him intently “I have never been so impatient to be attacked by a murderous ghost!”
The floor gives one more strong jerk, causing Sherlock to lurch backwards... And he’s falling… falling…
Thanking his army-borne reflexes, John had reached immediately for Sherlock, hauling him up by his armpits.
“It's something…” John continues, deliberately facing away from Sherlock, “something quite personal.”
“But I’d like to… uh… remember who you are,” he continues, trying his best to salvage the conversation. “When were you here with me? I remember every day that I’ve been here and I’ve never once seen or heard of yo-”
“Six months, my brother estimates,” he says, pausing for a moment to collect himself. “He’s never wrong.”
He doesn’t need to look at John now to know what kind of expression is currently adorning the man’s face. He has to diffuse the situation, make the whole thing seem more or less platonic… And he’s got to do it fast.
He turns around, walking sullenly off in the direction of the dorm. At least he can get some sort of respite there whilst Sherlock gets to enjoy a night out with his new boyfriend.
But now the ache is palpable, a throbbing force in his chest that Sherlock can’t even begin to comprehend as he pushes his way through the hospital doors, charging towards the lift."
“Thanks…” he mutters, his brother raising an eyebrow at the pleasantry as John walks towards the doorway, holding the door open for Sherlock.
“Open for me, will you?” he mutters and Sherlock obliges, drawing his knees upwards and spreading his thighs as John’s hand slips down to his perineum, fondling his balls for a moment before continuing its steady track to his furled hole.
“You’ve looked out for me so much over the course of my marriage to John, arranging that meet-up at your parent’s house, helping me to get Magnussen to get off my back. And I’ve been thinking, such kindness deserves to be repaid. So now it’s my turn to look out for you.”
“Alright,” John says, settling into the driver’s seat, flashing Sherlock a worried yet pleased smile.
There’s a moment of stunned silence as John stares at him, flabbergasted. But the man seems to regain his composure quickly, his face schooling itself into something more resolute as he applies liberal strength to the brake pedal, forcing the car to screech to a halt.
But his courage fails him, his tongue hanging limply in his mouth as he swallows the words back down, changing his tune completely.
The picture had clearly been taken before Sholto had taken the new recruits out into battle, judging from the fact that Sholto’s face is smooth and devoid of any scars.
Thank god that they’d all already graduated though, he hadn’t quite been looking forward to having to chin someone every week.
“Your eyes as well,” John starts, drawing himself out of his thoughts as he locks eyes with Sherlock, bright cerulean irises meeting dark sea blue, “God your eyes.”
Sherlock’s eyes shoot wide open in response, moaning softly as his legs buckle, forcing John to reach under his armpits and haul him up before he falls.
“We used to do everything together, but the thing I enjoyed doing the most was playing pirates...” John smiles at this, his gaze filled with the warmth of a sunbeam as he looks up at Sherlock.
The air between them feels charged with electricity, as if there are magnets tugging at their respective bodies, an invisible force causing them to gravitate towards each other. Before the incident at Bart’s, these moments came pretty frequently, moments that Sherlock now cherishes, but ever since he came back, they’ve come few and far between and he’s relished every single one of them. He knows they both like to pretend that John’s marriage hasn’t changed anything but there’s definitely been a palpable shift in their relationship since then. Sherlock likens it to a diminuendo in a symphony, when the music gets notably softer, something that could either indicate the finale of a masterpiece or a lull in the music before a sudden and bold crescendo. It’s just that he just doesn’t know which.
“Oh,” John breathes, gazing forlornly down at his hands. He twiddles his thumbs sadly, unsure of what else to say.
Because John now has a family, a family that he has to cherish and take care of and Sherlock is coming in between them, coming in between John and his happiness.
It’s not a huge leap anyways, the man already has stars in his eyes as he gazes at him, clearly, absolutely, utterly besotted.
“So what are we looking for?” John questions as Sherlock gives up and moves onto the cupboards instead.
John draws a harsh breath at this, his pupils expanding as Sherlock lifts a hand to John’s side, stroking the curve of his torso gently.
He's allowed a short moment of satisfaction before Mycroft licks his lips in preparation for a rebuttal.
“I brought my medical kit when I came over so... I can stitch your wound back up if it’s taken any damage.”
The frowny face thing is actually a legend from my junior college that has been passed down for many years. They still don't know who did it.
He dumps the chicken into the freezer, feeling crushed as he slams the freezer door back in place. He honestly doesn’t feel like having it anymore, especially since John isn’t coming home…
John's banging on the door now, begging Sherlock to open up but Sherlock ignores him in favour of burying his face in between his legs, fingers now cupping his ears tightly as he tries desperately to drown out John’s shouts of:
Cold air hits his face the moment he steps out onto the street, the icy breeze a sharp contrast from the warm, comfortable temperature of 221B. He sets off for the nearest Waitrose (the food’s always better there than the stuff at Tesco’s anyway), pulling his coat collar up to shield his cheeks from the chilly air.
“Why aren’t there any doctors fluttering about?” he questions, curiosity piqued, “I assumed that you would have kept them on standby.”
“Oh how you must love my husband,” she coos, her face sweet and open as her eyes burst with vitriol, “to actually sacrifice your life for him ah… how cute-”
Which is strange, because John barely remembers him. He doesn’t even know anything about their relationship, who they were to each other, how they met even.
The spot on the bed next to him dips downwards as a warm pressure presses lightly into his side. Sherlock takes the hint and rests his head on the figure’s shoulder, burying his face into what seems like a wool jumper as tears continue to stream down his face.
He sheds his dressing gown as he steps through the threshold, walking up to the mirror and  preparing himself for a shave-
She reaches down into a bowl of what seems to be mush, the mixture squelching disgustingly as she sighs, walking back to Sherlock’s side to grab a conical flask.
“Sherlock,” John mumbles, mind whirring away now that the haze of endorphins is clearing, “What about Victor? I thought you liked Victor.”
He finishes there, Sherlock letting out a quiet “oh” before going silent, the soft rippling of water the only sound echoing across the bathroom walls.
“I love you so much, you have no idea-” John chokes out, his tears dampening Sherlock’s cheeks as he presses his forehead even more firmly against Sherlock’s.
“I'll tell Mycroft when we get home,” he says, “End this, end all of this. I believe that the safe house is in Sussex somewhere. It'll be nice.”
The voice seems to be rather distraught, John notes sadly as he listens to the crackling syllables of Sherlock’s (it must be Sherlock’s) voice.
“Nope,” Sherlock answers, his lips popping the “p” with great vitriol, “No leads, no recent sightings, nothing. It’s possible that with Mary’s expertise she’s learnt how to hide from the cameras but who knows really.”
He’d been so alone before he’d met John. Well, he hadn’t known really, back then. He’d only realised what he’d been missing out on when had John had come into his life.
He’s been trying desperately for the past hour to keep himself from thinking about Sherlock, but nothing has worked, his imagination seemingly determined to convince him that Sherlock is in some trouble or other.
Reaching into his coat pocket, he extracts the sheet of paper that he’d written on back in the cell. He extends his arm, releasing his fingers so that the paper flutters to the floor.
He sighs, his hands falling to his sides as he turns away from the window, turning his back on the growing brightness of day as he makes his way into the bathroom.
It’s a stark contrast to how they had been the year before, awkward silences trailing them wherever they went, the two of them terrified of sharing what they really felt, afraid what the other would think of them.
He closes his eyes, breathing in the soft, downy scent of the covers as the bathroom door opens, revealing a similarly naked John Watson who towels off, actually bothering to hang his towel on the rack before padding over, still naked, to their bed.
He’s immediately engulfed in John’s scent, the shampoo that he uses mingling with the sweet musk of sweat as he buries his nose in John’s neck, inhaling deeply as John tightens his grip on him.
Well, for all of John's previous protests of “I'm not gay” and “We're not dating”, he doesn't seem to be particularly bothered right now. Sherlock relaxes back into John's arms, giving himself over to the sensation of his friend’s warm body.
John smiles deviously in response, pushing in through the ring of muscle with a satisfied smirk as Sherlock sighs in relief.
He smears it over his fingers as well, ensuring that each is properly slicked up before reaching downwards, tracing a finger slowly down Sherlock’s perineum before reaching the furled hole at the back.
He can hear Mrs Hudson tut-tutting about manners through the door. She eventually leaves, slippered feet stomping down the stairs to show Sherlock exactly what she thinks of his behaviour.
And for once it’s not just his own dead skin, his own dust floating around solitarily in the atmosphere above his head, it's John Watson’s as well.
“Miss me?” he says sheepishly, smiling at John who happens to be leaning over his seat, peering down at him with great concern.
Maybe it’s because the previous times he’s been imprisoned, Mycroft had always been there to help him, always been there to bail him out somehow, making excuses for his dear younger brother.
He feels a sturdy warmth against his back, hearing a choked off sniffle and sigh as John’s arms wrap around his torso, the man burying his face into his shoulder.
Smiling weakly in return, Sherlock watches as a black cab pulls up outside their apartment, clearly John had called for one when Sherlock had still been deep in thought.
He did take Mary’s drugs, in spite of that horrific incident back at the drug den when John had found him high and half lucid. He remembers John going easy on him after that, asking him why he hadn’t called him or texted him, a stark contrast to Molly who’d slapped him without much preamble.
“What are we to do?” Watson breathes, the two of them still watching with rapt attention as The Bride lifts her right hand, extending it towards them.
“I’ve never been able to reassociate that name with anything else,” he continues, Sherlock nodding sympathetically as he struggles to process this new information, “It’s like a black mark on my birth certificate that just won’t go away. I considered changing it to remove it but… I felt it was too much trouble and just never bothered.”
“Someone will probably get in contact with you to explain further,” John quips, shrugging as he chases Sherlock out the doorway, its hinges rattling as the door slams shut.
“I kissed you,” Sherlock whispers, seemingly as shocked about it as John feels, “I actually… ohmygod-”
The taxi halts abruptly, jerking Sherlock out of his thoughts as the driver hollers at him about whether he’d like to pay by cash or card.
Sherlock sighs, wiping off the sweat accumulating on his brow as he moves to sit, flopping down on the sofa.
They’d driven back to New Scotland Yard in silence. Cameron had been surprisingly cooperative, except for the fact that he had been constantly casting furtive glances at Sherlock, resulting in John being extremely moody and bristly throughout the entire journey. They’d marched Cameron into an interrogation room as soon as they’d gotten back and it would have been obvious to anyone that John was the one who had derived the most amount of satisfaction from this.
Sherlock risks a glance in John’s direction, finding that John is looking just as embarrassed as he’s feeling.
John had really meant it when he had said that they’d have to do a lot of walking. The collection is expansive with exhibits flooding the rooms, spilling over from one floor to another. By the time Sherlock finishes one final comb-through of the initial exhibition hall, it’s three o’clock in the afternoon.
The plan now is to finish up "Until You're Gone" and then move onto a new fic that I've already written 3 chapters of LOL (pssst it's a little mermaid crossover). Subscribe to my account if you want updates on my fics I suppose haha.
His bow draws violent, sharp pinpricks of quavers from his violin. A cutting, clear noise that shatters the silence surrounding him as he lets the pain of being far away from John, of being far away from London, bleed from his fingertips, setting his bow on fire as he waltzes through gunfights, sways through concrete buildings with only a pseudonym for a mask and dances away from death in the span of a second.
“Oh, you think you’re so big and strong, Sherlock!” Moriarty yells as Sherlock breathes heavily, his hand still smarting from the pain, “Not with me!”
The walk back had been full of barely repressed tension, every shift and brush of Sherlock’s arm against his enough to set the sparks in his chest aflame and the moment they’d reached the lift, Sherlock’s resolve had broken and he’d been on him in an instant, pressing his lips firmly to John’s. Thankfully the shock had worn off quickly and John had been able to take over the kiss, Sherlock a little lost without John’s guidance.
“I love you,” he’d murmured yet again, this time against Sherlock’s neck, kissing the skin there, “You beautiful creature.”
John's chest has always been compact, solid and hard with a hint of pudginess. Massaging the pectorals there, Sherlock feels hard muscle beneath the thin layer of fat. Clearly, the man has been working out... maybe he did so to spend time away from Mary?
“It was the morning before she died,” Cameron answers. “We had coffee at Starbucks and talked about a few things.”
“Yeah?” Sherlock responds, willing his voice not to tremble as he gazes resolutely at the dregs sitting at the bottom of his cup.
Before they’d admitted anything to each other, before Sherlock had confessed, the separation had been easy to handle. There hadn’t been any spoken promises, whispered assurances, nothing tethering them wholly to the other.
“Don’t worry. Wiggins is an excellent chemist,” Sherlock responds calmly, the term “pregnant wife” stinging a little as he moves to Mycroft side, lowering a hand to his brother’s nose.
“Hello Sherlock,” a silky voice calls from the door, the metal hinges creaking jaggedly as Mary steps into the room, her eyes gleaming, “Nice for you to finally join us.”
He watches the butterflies chase each other, swooping around in spirals and loops, in and out of the rose bushes, looks on as the clouds above him continue to morph, shift and soar… and yet-
“That’s because the child is yours,” Sherlock smiles, grinning as John digs into his pockets, “It’s you, your DNA. You made her.”
Sherlock fixes his eyes on Joh- Watson, hoping that for all the world that he doesn’t look like a kicked puppy.
“Oh my god,” he chokes out, struggling to hold back his laughter, “New mobile game? He introduced you to Pokémon go didn’t he?”
He loses himself in the music, remembering the thrill of once again being on a case with John, of finally getting to see him again, of getting to talk to him again. But it was different from before, John was engaged, was in love with Mary and Sherlock had to step aside. For the sake of Mary, for the sake of John… and for his own sake.
In all honesty, it doesn’t fit Sherlock very well, the jacket merely comes up to his waist and it’s far too baggy for him… And yet… It’s something of John’s, on Sherlock’s body and John is getting a rather visceral reaction out of this.
He finishes up, wiping away the solution with cold water. Sherlock leaves the glass doors open wide for the shelves to dry before turning to tie up the plastic bag with the fungus, heaving the bag over towards the rubbish chute.
There’s no telling what she’d do when faced with an imminent rejection. She might prevent John from seeing his child, might weave a web of lies that’ll put John in the media limelight once again. They’ve been “celebrities” before, it wouldn’t be surprising if Mary uses that to her advantage.
“Sherlock there's something I should tell you,” John breathes, his exhales coming out in short puffs against Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock shudders, watching as John’s thumb continues to rub circles against where pink lips meet pale skin.
Back then he’d written it off as friendly affection, amplified by alcohol and the excitement and enthusiasm that John had for his upcoming marriage.
He holds the screen up for Sherlock to see, smiling widely as Sherlock squints, his eyes adjusting to the bright light.
“That was truly impressive,” Sherlock says simply and it takes all of John’s self-control to not snog that man right there and then.
This gives John a little cause for worry - What if Sherlock is unable to contact him again? What if all that happened yesterday was just a hallucination of his lonely mind?
“We buried him in the backyard under the treehouse. I never went near that tree ever again. And the stars reminded me too much of him too so those had to go as well.”
He directs his gaze back to Sherlock’s face, taking in the man’s ruby rose lips, slick with saliva and chapped from friction and he loves him, he loves him…
His eyes meet John’s from across the room immediately. And there’s that expression again, that curious expression that Sherlock has yet to give a name to. But Sherlock could really care less about that right now because John is staring at him like a man entranced, his tongue appearing once again at the corner of his lips, swooping down to lick the crumbs off his bottom lip and Sherlock finds that he can’t move, that he is rooted to the spot because he feels like John’s complete attention is on him.
It doesn’t take Lestrade long to find the two incriminating materials. He immediately drops the two into a plastic casing before passing them over to Sherlock. The timestamp for the vodka is merely hours before the two women’s deaths while that for the bleach is the morning after.
His subconsciousness hasn’t meddled with his mind palace since the incident at the greenhouse in the Carmichael house… Meaning that it would only have been a matter of time before it brought back something else to haunt him.
The thought shoots to the forefront of his mind, broadcasting itself to Sherlock’s consciousness in thick, bold lettering.
Sherlock takes John’s lips in between his own, tugging on his upper lip gently as John takes their erections in hand, smearing the precome over their shafts as he moves his hand slowly up and down.
Sherlock manages a smile back (thank god), squeezing John’s shoulder affectionately as John tightens his grip on his back. His fingers dig into Sherlock’s skin through his thin T-shirt, just enough pressure for it not to hurt, as they continue their way around the room, Sherlock staring at John like a lovesick teenager.
“As a matter of fact, she did. He lives not too far from here. We were the ones who broke the news. It came as quite a shock to him. They must have been really close because we had to keep handing him tissues as we questioned him,” Greg shrugs and says.
He falls asleep soon after, his gentle snoring pervading the room while Sherlock lies awake, now unable to sleep.
The baby in the sonograms is curled up neatly into itself, its knees bent so that they’re barely touching its torso.
The juncture of his neck and shoulder is red, tiny indents still visible where John’s teeth have been. The sides of it are already starting to purple.
Sherlock has barely any time to react before John comes barrelling into him, his eyes wild and hair mussed, squeaky shoes skating across linoleum floor as he collides with Sherlock’s chest, wrapping his arms around his body and pulling him close.
John holds him down by the hips as he hollows out his cheeks, sucking Sherlock down as the man yelps, his fingers coming to rest in John’s hair as he pulls off, licking a long stripe up the large vein at the back of his cock.
“I’ve always wondered about that…” Sherlock murmurs, his face falling in turn, “That if I’d said yes, all the way back then…”
Sherlock frowns, his shoulders involuntarily twitching backwards as if they’ve been scalded by a red hot iron.
He wonders what Mike will say, whether he’ll congratulate them... or cry like he did when Myers and Amy got together.
Sherlock turns to face the source of the noise, watching, glassy-eyed as Mycroft, John and Mary walk down the aisle.
Sherlock cries out, his thighs trembling as he throws his head back onto the pillow, whimpering softly as John turns his attention to his balls, fondling them gently before taking them into his mouth, suckling them.
“Well then, would you like to move on to the next exhibit?” John’s voice comes again, the arrogance in his voice palpable as he shifts to Sherlock’s side.
He waits till John’s body is fully engulfed before switching off the taps, swirling the water a bit so that the remaining bath salt residue dissolves.
“I'll go and get us another cup of tea, shall I?” she calls as she makes her way down the stairs to her flat.
That seems to do the trick, because when he pulls off with a wet “pop”, Sherlock’s eyes are wild, his pupils pitch black.
He catches it in time however, his breath giddy in his chest as he twirls outwards once again, except that this time he manages to keep up on his toes. He decides to ad lib a little, letting go of John’s hand for a moment as he twirls independently, a leg bent akimbo to the other like a ballerina’s would before John catches him again.
The post-case sex can happen after dinner, since they’d missed out on it the night before, coming back as late as they had.
“Hmmmm…” Sherlock hums, “I’d say so. It was quite nice to see Victor again after such a long time. He’s truly changed a lot in the few years I haven’t seen him.”
“Thank you so much for all that you’ve done for John and I. It has truly been a pleasure to have counted you as one of my closest friends and I am humbled by how much you’ve done for me in the past few days…”
Sherlock reaches behind, grabbing John’s union jack pillow. He buries his face into the dusty fabric, trying to drown out all thoughts of John but it only serves to make things worse because it
He needs to see John, needs to be in his presence again, needs to touch him and hold him and know that he is real-
When he’d first met Sherlock, he’d thought that his initial obsession with his roommate’s looks would fade over time, that eventually his imposing features would fade into something more simple and familiar.
“Well nothing much, mostly about how work has been going and stuff like that. Yeah, stuff like tha-” Cameron replies.
Bright sunlight spills through the windows as Sherlock saunters over to John’s bed. He feels comfortable and relaxed, enclosed in a safe bubble of time where the horrors of his and John’s reality cannot touch him. Smiling at the small amount of clutter that has started to accumulate on John’s bedside table, he sets himself down on the bed with a soft “floompf”, beginning to examine the items resting there.
He's not very sure what to do honestly, since he's never actually properly kissed anybody before, but judging from the sounds that John is making, he seems to be doing a pretty good job.
They lapse into a comfortable silence. Sherlock staring up at the ceiling while John leans back into the sofa, turning his face to watch Sherlock.
In short, Victor Trevor is probably a posh, intelligent git who is better than John Watson in every known way and most definitely has a better shot at becoming Sherlock’s boyfriend than John does.
After all this time, John still believes in the best of him… Which makes this betrayal feel even worse.
He chuckles, planting another kiss on John’s lips and all of a sudden John can sense it, that promise of forever encapsulated in the simple press of Sherlock’s lips to his.
He turns his head away in mortification, burrowing his head down into his scarf and that has to be the most adorable thing that John has ever witnessed.
He spreads his arms wide as he falls, his heart soaring, giggling a little with delight at finally getting all of that off of his chest. He laughs, chortles even as the darkness swallows him up.
Cameron knows that he’s succeeded. “Well,” he says, sounding absolutely cocky, “it’s not like you’ve ever been in love before, have you? How would you know?”
Sherlock sighs as John knocks on the door, three hollow raps that rattle the loose hinges tethering it to the wall before a lock clicks soundly, the door swinging open to reveal a very frightened looking David.
Sherlock hums in response, breathing harshly against John’s skin as John’s shifts his attentions to his front instead, stroking now over the still-fading bullet wound.
In response, John’s rugby mates roar with laughter. Mike slams a drunken fist down on the table, hooting loudly. However, John refuses to move a muscle, his face neutral as he surveys the scene in front of him.
He pauses, watching as Sherlock groans in response, flashing John a dark look as he crawls up the mattress, folding his arms as he slumps against the pillow.
He knows that John hadn’t told Mary about his departure. She certainly wouldn’t have allowed it, with her being pregnant and all, so of course it was only a matter of time before she called him. What he hadn’t known was the catalyst for John’s seemingly hasty decision to disappear. Apparently something had happened at work, most likely an argument that had soured quickly. Sherlock sighs as he takes a seat on his chair, steepling his fingers, preparing to come up with a way to go about comforting John.
She’d been a role model for him, well his parents both. He does have to give his mother a large amount of credit though. She’s no doubt an intelligent woman, most definitely on par with or possessing a higher IQ than him or Mycroft. Stopping work to take care of both of them probably took a great toll on her, Sherlock supposes, seeing that even he can only go so long without mental stimulus before driving himself absolutely up the wall. Despite all of that though, she’d never let it show, always presenting herself as an exuberantly caring and doting mother.
John smiles lasciviously in answer, his chin tilted upwards in a sly grin as Sherlock steps into the bathtub, settling himself at the foot of John’s body.
John had panicked then, his eyes going wide as he turned to face Sherlock, terrified that he’d said something wrong.
He sends the message, waiting till the notification that John has read the message pops up before resting his phone face down on the bed, his fingers clutching it tightly.
At this, John turns his face swiftly away, looking slightly… guilty? Sherlock’s brow furrows slightly. What did he do this time?
“Sherlock,” John’s voice still soothing even though it sounds broken and hoarse, “Sherlock do you not want this?”
The room goes deathly silent, it’s so quiet that you could practically hear a pin drop. This breaks Cameron out of his spell of despair, his face visibly reddening again. The tension in the room is now palpable and Sherlock is expecting an explosion.
He turns towards John, flashing him a self-assured smile as he takes in John’s shocked expression with relish.
Oh god, something's definitely wrong because John rarely breaks down like this, rarely shows himself to be vulnerable and breakable unless he truly is upset.
His head seems to clear as the bathroom begins to fill with steam, transparent water vapour condensing on cool air particles as the bathroom begins to get hotter and hotter.
He reaches for Sherlock’s cheek, his fingers tracing a line down Sherlock’s eye bags as Sherlock wills his face to remain neutral.
Sherlock leans back in his seat, pulling the thumb drive out from the USB port roughly. It doesn’t matter if he “safely removes” it or not, there’s nothing on it.
His hands are trembling, with anticipation or with sheer want or need Sherlock doesn’t know, but he gives it up as a lost endeavour and hands the keys to John.
But therein lay the problem, she’d sounded too self-assured, too certain for Sherlock’s comfort and it had sent shivers up his spine.
“They’ll be watching over Mary,” John continues, “Mycroft hadn’t wanted to act too early for the sake of Lily, just in case it sped up Mary’s plans. But it seems like there’s no getting around this now.”
Mycroft only ever did this when circumstances grew dire, when there was only one way forward that he did not agree with.
Sherlock cringes a little at the pet name, his heart sinking like a stone as John smiles at Mary, giving her a quick peck on the cheek. He nods at her one last time before traipsing back towards the car, leaving her alone on the sidewalk.
John’s lips taste sour and bitter (Sherlock’s quite sure that he pretty much tastes the same) but he doesn’t care, his tongue continuously diving back in for more whenever they part for air, their kisses laced with desperation as Sherlock begins to rake his hands up and down John’s chest.
“It’s alright,” John says, smiling brightly up at his dishevelled looking, out-of-breath flatmate. He’d clearly run up the steps to get here. “It’s good to know you’re safe. I tried texting you but-”
Maybe it’s the drugs, maybe it’s the way that John’s looking up at him with sorrow in his eyes. He doesn’t know. But it feels like his veins are thrumming with liquid courage and the words are just coming, flowing to the tip of his tongue, begging to be spoken.
“You have no idea how gorgeous they make you look,” he smiles, bending to nuzzle up against Sherlock’s cheek, eliciting a groan from the man as his hair brushes up against Sherlock’s ear.
There’s way too much information for him to process right now so he decides to start from the beginning.
He has no idea how to proceed. Should he just take his shirt off here? Wait, that’ll make John uncomfortable won’t it? Or should he just rush off to the bathroom and undress there? Or will that make the situation worse?
He risks a quick glance up at John as he shifts over to the far end of the sofa, regretting it immediately because John’s face is awash with sorrow, his eyes blinking in uncertainty. He looks for all the world like a kicked puppy and Sherlock feels guilt and shame settling deep in his chest.
“You have to have a bath,” he murmurs, helping the man stand, holding him as they trudge their way to the bathroom, “You stink.”
“Yeah, see you later,” John mutters, watching as Sherlock and Victor stroll off, cutting a rather fitting figure into the landscape.
And this time, John bites down sharply on Sherlock’s nipple and Sherlock cries out, his heart beating fast as his cock engorges swiftly. Clearly, John’s found one of his g spots.
“Well, I’m exhausted,” John mutters, his face plastered against the bed sheet as he crawls his way up to the head of the bed, resting down on the pillow there.
You know Sherlock, technically I’m just an extension of what you believe John’s personality to be. So regardless, I will sound like the “Real John”, because the “Real John” isn’t actually John in himself, but rather what you’ve imagined John Watson to be-
Mary is probably seeking to rebuild Moriarty’s network as soon as possible, especially since she’s now been appointed as the head. Her first course of action will definitely be to burn him, to make a show out of him. The great Sherlock Holmes, the man who attempted to disentangle the spider’s web, trapped and ripe for destruction.
Oh god, he can’t have Moriarty shoot himself, especially not in the way that he did on that rooftop on Barts, that would bring about too many coincidences in his fantasy, mind palace world and the real one… And then he’d DEFINITELY wake up...
No, Sherlock thinks, he must get up. He must. There has to be a way to beat him, a way to fix this forever.
John sighs, watching as the butterflies come to rest on the arm of the swing chair, wings fluttering as they huddle together.
At this, he turns around, dashing out of the diner, leaving the rest of them sitting in the booth in stunned silence.
“We should probably accept the offer. I don’t want anything horrible happening to you. We all know she’ll go after you first,” John says, “If you got hurt… I’d… I’d never forgive myself.”
Oh god, “battle”, of all the words… And why is he viewing this as a battle? He’s already established that Sherlock’s affection is not a prize to be won but rather a gift that should be given but agh his subconscious doesn’t seem to think so.
What should he do now? Should he face John? Or should he turn and face the other way? Or will John deem that as a rejection of what has just transpired between them? But he shouldn't be getting this close to John, Mary wouldn-
“What’s going on?” he questions, frowning as the lady in question turns to face him, fixing him with a disgustingly insincere smile.
Will John have eaten by then? He should probably get some food ready too. That thai place that they’d eaten from the first night John had come back does takeaway. He’ll give them a ring too.
“Sherlock,” John repeats, his voice sure and steady, readying himself for any answer that Sherlock is about to give.
“However… You can be as possessive as you want when… we’re alone. I find it quite… appealing,” Sherlock blushes as he says this, burrowing his head deeper into his shirt and John has never wanted to kiss him more.
Sherlock is standing by the stove, his brow furrowed in concentration as he flips a layer of rosti over and over again, leaving it to sizzle before sliding it out onto a plate next to him.
He smiles at the memory, his grin mimicking the one adorning the young Sherlock’s face in the old photograph.
“No,” Victor chimes in, “There were a bunch of Clefairys that you missed because you were talking about John remember?”
“It’ll be okay John,” he begins, “The transmission was not broadcasted anywhere else. Mycroft’s agents managed to intercept all the other broadcasts-”
Maybe he’s died and gone to heaven, maybe he’s died and is being reborn but who cares really because the feeling of those fingers against his skin feel positively electric.
John grins in answer, his blue eyes lightening for a moment before he turns away to face the window, Sherlock doing so in turn.
Anyways, the situation would resolve itself when John came back from work so why should he be so hung up about something that was imminent anyway?
“John, what was in that bathroom… It could possibly have been bits and pieces of broadcast equipment,” Sherlock explains, “The wires… She would have needed to hide the more incriminating equipment somewhere.”
“Also, John,” he starts, suddenly remembering something, “Mycroft has a safe-house ready for us. He says that we can go anytime we see fit. He’ll provide transport for us.”
Blushing further, Sherlock raises his eyes to John’s, his heart thumping wildly as he looks up at the man underneath fluttering lashes.
In answer, John hums into his mouth, slipping his tongue in through the seam of their lips as Sherlock’s fingers begin to caress the inner part of John’s thigh, stroking smoothly over rough skin.
“Come back quickly will you?” the man murmurs up against his pillow as Sherlock rolls his eyes, searching for his phone on the dresser.
“Did you check the bins in the house?” Sherlock presses, hands steepled underneath his chin, looking for all the world like he's not just changed the subject of the conversation abruptly.
“It’s nothing serious really,” John murmurs, scratching his head, “It’s just that… I haven’t heard from her in a while and it’s getting… frankly, a bit worrying.”
John might hate Mary but Sherlock is certain of at least one thing, that John loves Lily with all he has and even if she isn’t his daughter, that he’d still swear to protect her with every fibre of his beating heart.
“Fuck. You,” he spits, his voice gravelly and hoarse as Mary shakes her head, taking a seat once again in the chair before him.
They fall onto the sofa eventually, their legs tangling as John nips playfully at Sherlock’s upper lip, their kisses becoming messy and uncoordinated till the two of them are flat out laughing, chuckling into the small space between their lips before Sherlock’s draws him in again, drinking his fill before his head falls back, his eyes closed in sated bliss.
Sherlock knows that he’s shaking. He can feel himself trembling with rage and it’s taking every ounce of his will to not strangle the murderer sitting right in front of him.
And then, a bold crescendo, an explosion of sound as Sherlock reminisces about that fateful day that he’d met John, when he’d suddenly found a beacon in the darkness, a possible colleague and even more importantly, a friend.
“Alright fine,” he huffs, raising his handcuffed fists into the air. “All RIGHT!” he yells, slamming his hands down hard onto the table. Sherlock flinches a little.
And John would hate him then, hate him for existing, hate him for making him fall in love with him and for allowing him to leave Mary to be with him instead. It would just be a matter of time before he leaves…
Sherlock practically recoils as Mary chuckles, reaching into Sherlock’s collar to withdraw John’s silver dog tags, the twin pieces of metal glinting in the moonlight before Mary lets them go, the tags clinking as they fall back onto Sherlock’s chest.
The bedroom door creaks open, bathing the walls in light as someone steps into the room, padding over to the bed.
He turns over in bed, eyes blinking slowly open as his nostrils flare, seeking out the source of the delicious aroma.
Thanks for sticking with me guys! And here is the next chapter of These Hours That Define Us, just in time for Valentines' Day!
An ominous looking syringe sits at the bottom of the bag, the needle gleaming brightly in the fluorescent light next to a glass vial of clear fluid.
