(See the end of the chapter for
"Do you think maybe that could be a potential trigger?" Tony took a deep breath as he thought.
"What?" he said, both elated and confused. "How?"
"To tear us apart," Steve said.
"JARVIS," Tony called out. "You still online?"
"Tony," Pepper said as she stood up and rounded her desk. The two of them shared a brief hug. "You're alright?" she asked as she pulled back.
"How do you feel?" Tony frowned.
Anyways, I hope you enjoyed this chapter! Please comment/review and do all the stuff you're supposed to do from the respective site you're on!
"LAPD didn't receive any reports of a robbery or any other suspicious activity coming from this area before this morning," Fairchild confirmed.
"Well, that was my mistake," she said. Tony heard her chair screech back as he assumed, she stood up. "I'm going to get my clothes from my desk and take a shower far away from here, so feel free to fornicate all you like." A smirk broke out across Tony's face.
"I am," Bruce confirmed. "But that doesn't answer my question."
A beat of silence passed that was only broken up by an utterance of "shit," from Happy. Pepper brought a hand to her mouth and eyed Steve nervously while Rhodey looked down as he processed the information. Steve leaned back in his chair, knowing that he said too much. As the guilt washed over him, his eyes landed solidly on the office door, desperately willing Tony to come out.
Putting the cap back on the flask, Tony had just barely slipped it back into his pocket when he saw Lara almost walk past the hallway, he was waiting in. She caught sight of him at the last second and stopped, throwing her hands in the air.
"Well, it's kind of obvious with the name change," Bruce pointed out. "But I'm happy for you. I hope you and Leonard are happy and had a wonderful day."
When she reached the floor that housed SI's main lobby, Lara paused for a moment to catch her breath and organize herself. Once she was certain she didn't look one well-placed verbal blow away from a mental breakdown, she held her head up high and tried to walk with as much confidence as she could muster.
"Agent Margret Carter is just fine," he said. "She's in an assisted living facility in London. She's safe." Steve seemingly deflated a little bit as that concern left his mind.
"Brother Eduardo and Brother Duane are here to see you, husband," she reported.
"Did he say why?" Wylie asked.
"I don't have it." Thor shoved Loki again as he backed away. He instantly summoned Mjolnir and raised it threateningly. "You need the cube to bring me home, but I've sent it off, I know not where."
"No," Tony tried to assure. "No, absolutely not. I just… I…"
Tony had legitimately forgotten he'd been holding Sharon and realized he had been pressing his hands into her side very uncomfortably this entire time. He nodded and handed the baby back to her great aunt. For a few minutes, things were quiet. Tony wasn't quite sure what to make of her reaction and didn't dare speak up, so it fell onto Peggy to break the silence.
"How's the ice cream?" Lara opened her eyes and smiled as she swallowed the bite she had been savoring.
Steve felt a wave of excitement come over him at the thought of his boyfriend specifically making his uniform so that way he
"Excuse me, ma'am," Freeman said. "I just got done saying a few minutes ago that we can't comment too much on what happened."
Relax, this is the only OC-centered chapter this time.
movie. It was so fantastical and far out of the realm of understanding that one could only dismiss it as non-sense. Even Carol was having trouble seeing how someone could believe it, and she knew that some of this stuff was
"Sorry man," Rhodey said. "But that nurse is right. It's getting pretty late and I have to be back at the base first thing in the morning."
"I love you, too."
"First of all," he said. "The meeting hasn't started yet. Secondly…"
FFN: , Anonymous Person (Guest Reviewer), DarkSkity, Dragon Queen Niji, FanGirlForever19, K's Room of Requirement, mfaerie32, nousername123, Ricardian Scholar Clark-Weasley, Star (Guest Reviewer), The Other Jet Engine, and Trylissa
"The barrier is pure energy," JARVIS informed. "It's unbreachable."
"The 'where' and 'how' of this situation is top secret," Hill explained. "I can't tell you everything, but what little I can is probably best discussed somewhere a little more private."
"And you let him take that?!" he exclaimed in shock.
"Yes," Nina grumbled. "Though, the least you could do is buy a girl a drink first." Duran ignored the comment and got straight to the point.
"Okay," he said. "I believe you." Tony nodded and directed his gaze down to his feet.
"Please tell me that wasn't the water I just made."
"What?" Steve said.
"Alright," she said. "Should I mislead them on the how should I come across it?"
There is an old Latin proverb that says, "revenge is a confession of pain." For Knežević, it was more than just a confession; it was a declaration of sheer agony. Everything and everyone was to blame for the deaths of his daughters. If he never got laid off, he wouldn't have been working with dangerous chemicals in the first place. If his busybody neighbors didn't call the police and tell them they thought he was dealing drugs, then DSS never would have taken the girls away and he never would have gone to jail. If Lorraine hadn't kept his kids from him, he wouldn't have sunk to such desperate measures to try to get them back. If he hadn't met Oswin, then he wouldn't have gone so far as to steal chemicals from freaking Iron Man.
"Nope," Lucy assured. "The personality test is one-hundred percent completely free through and through. Our process is based on pure sociological research. You'll find it's not like the scams you see on the internet."
"What?" he said. "Why? I'm having fun."
"I'm glad," he said. "I love you."
"Lara," Conroy provided without missing a beat. "You're not my boss, so feel free to call me that. Last name?"
"I thought as much," Thanos said. "So, you're nothing, then."
"What were you trying to ask me last night?" That question had preempted any sort of morning greeting as he woke up and caused Tony to furrow his brow.
Steve's heart started up again as the elevator doors opened. All he could see was Tony. A look of clear apprehension crossed his boyfriend's face as their eyes connected. Steve realized that Tony was probably afraid that he was angry. He hoped those worries were dashed when he crossed the threshold and wrapped his arms around him.
"You have my word." Lara nodded acceptance.
"No," Tony said. "Nothing that would compromise our ability to work together as a team."
"Well, two clips from the Q&A session have gone viral." Lara caught the apprehensive look on his face. "Don't worry. It's not any of the moments where someone got violently dragged out. The first one was Clint accepting the bracelet for Thor from the little girl and the second was Natasha shutting down that creepy guy asking about her underwear." Romanoff's eyes went wide.
"It'll just be a minute," he assured. "Then I'll be right back, okay?"
"Frankly, that just ratcheted my concern up to eleven," Carol said.
"Uh, yeah," Carol quickly said. "Listen, I can't stay on the line any longer."
"It's not on you to pay for our accommodations," Bruce pointed out.
"Probably? Just admit it, you'd be a wreck without me." For the first time since he walked into the room, Rhodey could see a coherent and genuine smile cross Tony's face.
"Yes," Cabe said as she nodded. "It's been happening for the past month or so."
"Good idea." Bruce started heading for the door.
"Yes, but you deserve better." Tony felt an ache in his chest as he said that. "You said so yourself, you don't deserve to be treated like that and it was wrong of me to use your own words against you just for the sake of being petty. I'm sorry."
"He only did that because he thought the neighborhood you lived in was too dangerous," Pepper said.
At that moment, a loud shriek was heard from down the hall. Steve turned to see Rebecca running out of the bedroom and just barely stepped out of the way before she ran over him again.
"That's a little bit more than 'haven't managed to get in the shower yet,'" she said. "That's more like David Kirby on his deathbed. Are you feeling okay? Do you need to see someone?"
"I knew it!" he exclaimed across the landline connection. "I just knew it! I knew that guy was trouble right from the start! I told Tony that he should stay away from him, but did he listen to me? No!"
"Tony Stark?" The shock in the man's voice was enough to make Tony look up. He saw a Latino man leaning out the rear passenger window. "Oh my God, it is you."
Sliding his key in and hitting the button for the penthouse, Tony stepped back to the rear wall and leaned against it, shutting his eyes. There was only one thing he wanted right in that moment and that was to be in Steve's arms. It felt like forever before he heard the chime that indicated that the elevator had reached it's intended destination, and when it did, Tony felt a small relief come over him.
just slept for several hours, but given how drowsy he was, he thought it'd be easier to fall asleep than this.
"I needed to know that there was hope," he said. "That I could get better; be better." Slowly, Natasha nodded in understanding.
doesn't know which floor the security office is on," he pointed out. "And more importantly, she doesn't have a key to the elevator so she can get back up."
Remember kids, you don't need to take it. If you are in the US and need help escaping an abusive situation, please call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE or 1-800-799-7233.
"It isn't an issue of trust," she explained. "It's just an issue of each of your own personal comfort levels. If there's something that if asked about would cause you emotional distress, we need to know about it so we can tell the reporters not to bring it up.
"Yeah, yeah," the security officer said. "Just get out before you kill us both."
"People have said worse to me in my life," she said. "That doesn't even make my top ten. You don't need to worry about it, and I accept your apology." Tony let out a breath of relief before sucking it back in again. He knew that wasn't all he had to apologize for.
"What the hell?" she asked.
"I know you're not," Tony defended. "It's just that it's delicate."
"No," Jessica confirmed. "At the very least, I knew you'd come, and I really just need an adult right now."
"I know, I know," Betty said. "I just don't want to make this hard for you."
So, this chapter was mostly fluff and trying to keep the momentum going in the story. Largely, I got distracted by writing Clint's family, but I can't help it! They're so adorable! Also, Lucky has a name now! (Which you probably all knew would be Lucky, but oh well.)
For a couple of moments, it was quiet. Lara directed her gaze down to her feet and just concentrated on breathing. Slowly but surely, she started to relax.
Steve was shocked. Not only had he never heard anyone say anything like that to anyone, let alone him, but he certainly hadn't expected Tony to say he liked him… Albeit, as a friend as Tony, had most definitely meant platonically, but he still said he liked him. Truth be told, he did want to get into bed with Tony he just worried about either getting caught or Tony waking up and regretting it in the morning.
for the kids."
"What makes you so certain of this?" Loki swallowed hard. He was going to have to tell the truth, or at least a version of it that suited him.
"He made it personal," Tony suddenly interrupted.
"And why did you want to sleep so badly?" Tony let out a sigh, this one more defeated than anything.
"Sorry." His voice didn't sound apologetic at all.
"Oh, you're awake." The voice was clearly female. Tony rolled over to face the person and again tried to open his eyes. The hash light badly stung, but he persevered through it long enough to allow his vision to clear up. There, he saw a blonde woman standing in the doorway wearing jeans and a flight jacket. Her name came to him quickly, a sign that he was starting to sober up.
"But you're doing a lot better?" Natasha asked, steering the conversation back to Stark.
him to go back to California with him. He never made any
"Isn't that a little much to assume?" Romanoff asked.
he thought while he watched her jump out of her seat and rush to the wall-mounted phone.
"I don't feel like that's entirely it," Tony said.
?" Guilt flashed across Freeman's face.
"We didn't know what we were walking into down here," she explained. "It's always best to come prepared."
Although he had assured Tony that he was there for him – and he really, truly was – he had no idea what he could really do. Tony needed help, but Steve didn't know what kind that exactly was. He thought briefly that maybe Tony needed to see a doctor, but his personal stigma against mental health care made him worry. He didn't want Tony to get hurt, but he couldn't let him continue as he was. It left him with absolutely no idea as to what to do. All he could do was look at Tony and wish he could do something.
"Why did you come here if you're so avoidant about taking about your emotions?" A look of alarm came across his face, because she quickly backtracked. "I don't mean to accuse you of anything or discourage you from seeking help. I just want to know what this roadblock is so we can overcome it together." Tony hesitated. He didn't want to bear his soul to her, but he couldn't leave the question unanswered. So, he took a deep breath.
"Just find the cube," he said dismissively before leaving the room.
The plague came seemingly from out of nowhere. One day everything was fine and they next, they were burying their relatives; friends; entire towns. Because the Raël hadn't allowed themselves to naturally evolve in such a long time a weak point was created in their immune systems that the disease was able to prey upon. One-sixteenth of the population was still left when Tarquan had taken his family aboard the scouting ship, and most of that population was infected and close to death. The twenty-four people aboard the ship – six men, nine women, and nine children – were the only ones who had never gotten sick.
"How do you feel exactly?" Bruce asked. Tony frowned.
(See the end of the chapter for
Now here he was, sitting on the floor of his darkened bedroom, waiting for the party to be over so they could get the shouting match over with. He heard both his mother and Jarvis knock on the door, but he ignored them. He couldn't talk to them about this. He couldn't talk to anyone about this. The idea was completely and utterly mortifying.
Two blocks later, Tony found himself standing in front of a 7-Eleven and smiling. Certainly, they'd have booze in there. Pushing the door open, he felt like he entered the Taj Mahal. In the back, he spotted a sign labeled beverages and started sprinting for it. In his rush to get there, he fell twice. Both times he was seemingly unaffected and got back on his feet quickly.
"No," Clint said as he ran past her. "Not yet."
Turning his gaze back to the bar, Tony was a little afraid of what he'd see. Luckily, there wasn't too much damage. The countertop hadn't cracked or broken when it landed and the floor appeared to be unmarked, so that was a win. He was about to try to pick up the counter and set it down properly when the door to the office came flying open.
One, I struggle with depression and August is usually the worst month for me because of the extreme heat which makes me miserable and...
"Is the building under lockdown?" Pepper grabbed her purse, keys, staff ID/master keycard and anything else she needed to show the police.
"I don't doubt JARVIS," Tony said solidly. "But I know you're eventually going to have to hand the video over to the court. They're the ones I don't trust."
"Sure, you don't," he dismissed.
"That's a nice name, sweetie," she said. "But I think it's better suited to a rabbit than a dog."
"I'll go with her, then," Tony offered. Steve gave him a curious look.
"Well,
"Yeah," Tony said as he snuggled closer (if that was even possible) and tightened his hold on Steve. "I think I understand better than anyone."
"He was an idiot," he said.
"That you were exposed to," Steve pointed out. "Don't you think you need more time to recover?"
"Have you tried folding a thousand paper cranes?" she asked.
"Stalling me won't change anything," Loki said.
"Dante?"
"It'd be easier if you stopped touching me." To her relief, the officer obeyed.
Well, maybe not entirely normal. He did all the stuff he normally did but was generally running on auto-pilot. He was too distracted by his thoughts; about Steve, the robbery, work, the suit, back to Steve again… Thoughts that made him glad he decided to take a cold shower… Just random stuff. By the time he got out of the shower, he couldn't even remember taking one in the first place.
"It's fine," he said. "I'm just saving it for last. Obviously."
"Great," he tried to lie, but Pepper gave him that pointed look again. "My head still hurts, but it's not as bad as it was before."
"No!" Both Steve and Lara said at the same time.
"Okay," he agreed. "I promise." Tony grinned, but the expression did not stay on his face for long as he crashed his mouth into Steve's.
Happy was driving. Lara got into the passenger's seat. Barton, Romanoff, and Bruce took the rear bench while the middle row was left open for Pepper, Tony, and Steve. Pepper got in first and helped Steve steady Tony as he climbed into the vehicle. Tony thanked her as he settled into the middle seat (because of course he would get stuck with the hump) and Steve climbed in after him.
"Can I have my phone back at least? I promise I won't use it."
I have seen Spider-Man: Far From Home! I no longer need to be protected from spoilers!
"And are you the one who filled it with a deadly powder and mailed it to us?" Stark asked.
"Stark Tower is about to become a beacon of self-sustaining clean energy," Tony confirmed.
"It's alright if you're not out," she said. "I promise, I won't tell anyone. I just need to know if anything happened because if something did and Tony didn't remember it…" Hearing the deep, grim tone in the way Pepper trailed off, Steve pushed his fear aside and looked at Pepper dead-on.
"Your absolutely certain about this?" Hill lifted her gaze from the letter's protective housing and turned it to Bruce and Betty. The latter of the two nodded.
"That's even worse," Steve protested. "When did you even make the bet?"
Clint sat back down on the bed, booted up the computer, and waited for the video chat software to launch. While he did that, he got another text from Laura.
"I think it sounds better than the alternative," he said.
A few minutes after Hill had finished speaking, Natasha lifted her head and pulled her hands away from her ears. Slowly, she turned to Steve and looked at him with wide, pleading eyes. It was clear she was fearing the worst and was trusting him to break it to her gently. Luckily, Steve could oblige.
"Alright," Steve said. "Why do you… Why were you here when I woke up?" Tony raised an eyebrow at the change of direction but brushed it off as Steve simply misspeaking.
to do." Bruce sighed.
"No," Lara said. "I see them most mornings when I come into work and it seems like they're mostly just doing church services. They only get upset when security or the police ask them to leave."
"Not that much to go on here," Bruce admitted. "Not until we can take the letter out of the box."
"What time did you wake up?" Tony really wished she didn't ask that.
"You don't have to keep walking on eggshells," he said. "I've… Well, I don't think I've entirely come to terms with all of it necessarily, but I'm accepting of the fact that the stuff I've done; that the Other Guy has done… It isn't going to go away or magically get better. I can talk about it now."
"Boyfriends," he said. "Definitely boyfriends, at least for now."
"What happened?" he said. "What'd she do?"
"No," Romanoff said. "But how about you take the fact that none of your technical data nor any of Stark's inventions went missing before, during, or after my tenure as his personal assistant."
"Really?" Lara said. "Then you wouldn't mind if we took a look around?"
"I hope so, too," Steve agreed, a note of sadness in his voice. Again, Rhodes raised an eyebrow.
Thor's eyes went wide as he turned to look around. Apparently, he'd gotten so caught up in the battle, he forgot to take note of where he left his brother. Steve did his best not to let his aggravation get to him.
"Just wondering," Steve said. "I know you had nightmares last night and you weren't too agreeable this morning…"
"Don't do that," Rawls said. "Your body's trying to get rid of bad bacteria and pathogens. You're only making yourself sicker by trying to suppress the urge to cough. I know it's disgusting, but if you need to cough, please do so. You can cover your cough with your elbow, but please don't hold back." The doctor got closer to him and pulled out her stethoscope. I'm just going to check your breathing, if you don't mind removing your shirt."
Steve went to grab Clint by the shoulders, but Clint used his free hand to push Steve away. Steve grabbed the arm that Clint had used to attack and tried to pin it above his head. Clint saw an opening and let go of the door handle. He slammed his fist into the left side of Steve's ribcage. It didn't hurt, but it provided the distraction he needed to get the upper hand on Steve.
"So, I take that to mean it's too late to talk you out of this." Pepper gave him a small, sympathetic smile.
"Alright," she said. "Have a good weekend."
"Why not?" he asked. Tony couldn't bring himself to answer. "Is it because you don't care about me?"
When Steve forced himself to walk away from that display, his attention was grabbed by another photograph hanging on the opposite wall – a black and white candid shot of him, Bucky, Peggy, and Howard all gathered around a map. They were so invested in what they were studying that none of them had noticed that their picture was being taken. Steve's eyes were drawn to Peggy, who was pointing at something on the map and looked like she was mid-way through explaining something. Tears began to cloud Steve's vision. It just hit him right then and there that he would never see the Peggy he remembered and loved ever again. He didn't let himself break down into full-blown crying, though, and he wouldn't admit that the fact that Tony had placed his hand on his shoulder again might have been a huge help to that.
The banished Asgardian Prince, Loki, has made a deal with Thanos to invade Earth and retrieve the Tesseract for him in return for Asgard's ensured safety. He has already managed to take control of the cosmic artifact, along with many members of the international peacekeeping organization, S.H.I.E.L.D. With exponential power in his hands, S.H.I.E.L.D. stands no chance against Loki. As a result, they are forced to return to an abandoned idea to bring together a group of remarkable heroes to fight a battle that no one hero can fight alone...
"Then why did you let him go?"
"Neither am I," Steve assured. "He's got the same blood on his hands that Loki does, but right now we've got to put that behind us and get this done."
"What?" It came off a little testier than he'd like, but it didn't deter Conroy from asking anyway.
(See the end of the chapter for
After a long and awkward elevator ride, they finally came to a stop on the first floor of the penthouse. Getting off, Natasha and Steve led Carol down the hallway and through the kitchen, into the lounge area. There, they found Bruce and Clint. The former had Lucky in his lap, spoiling the clearly attention-starved animal with lots of pets and scratches. The latter was lying spread out across the loveseat, still in his S.H.I.E.L.D. uniform and looking half a second away from falling asleep. Nat had to bite her tongue to hold back the "I told you so" from escaping her lips.
Salinas lifted Tony's right foot and started to slip one of the socks on it. Despite how sleepy he was, Tony kept a close eye on him. Call him paranoid, but he couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong. Salinas, however, seemed oblivious to Tony's suspicion.
"Holy hell," he vaguely heard Clint comment.
"So the plane was like, sixty-five stories in the air and climbing, and everything seemed to be going good," Lara said. "Then the alarms started blaring and all the lights turned off. People were screaming, and you could just feel the plane getting pulled back down to Earth. It was terrifying just looking out the window you could see the ground rushing up fast and then
"Of course, I do," Oswin insisted.
"Thor's right," Tony's voice came over the comms. "We got to deal with these guys."
Tony just gave Pepper a look that said "you see what I have to deal with?" Pepper shook her head dismissively.
"What's your personal care provider?"
"Because you care," Clint said. "And that's not a bad thing, but you need to pull yourself together." Steve took a deep breath and let Clint's words sink in.
"The one where someone we know is hurt or in trouble and you can't tell us anything because of 'spy stuff.'" The lower lid of Hill's eye twitched a bit. Lara took some pride in that. "If it's an issue of secrecy…" She turned and took three steps over to the first door she saw and opened it. "Entrez."
"Could you?" Clint asked.
"There was no need for it. Trust me." Tony peered behind Steve and saw Natasha strolling up to the scene. Similarly to Steve in his Captain America attire, Nat had dawned her Black Widow uniform. "Aw, look at that! You both decided to play dress-up." Nat rolled her eyes.
"Tell him to make an appointment," she said. "I have a meeting to get ready for."
"Galveston Beach, spring break 1988," Rhodey listed. "Your fortieth birthday party, that time you tried to use a plastic fork to pull a hot dog out of a pot of boiling water." Tony's face scrunched half in disgust, half trying to remember when that last one happened. "I'm sure Steve could give me some more recent examples." Tony shook his head, despite knowing that Rhodey couldn't see it.
have?" For a few seconds, Loki just blinked at Barton with a puzzled expression. He wanted to ask what an attorney was and why he was not allowed to have one, but instead, he kept that to himself and just nodded weakly. At that point, the agents grabbed both of his arms tightly and started pushing him towards the nearest stairway.
"No, you don't." Tony walked through the door and it slammed behind him. Steve's heart fell.
"I didn't say it was exactly 650 feet," Lara pointed out. "That was just a hyperbolic estimation."
"No," Tony said, and he genuinely meant it. "I know the consequences of doing it outweigh the risks of not, and if it makes you feel better, I promise I won't." Pepper's eyes widened.
"I'm saying that I don't think it would be best for the girls to see you right now." His grip on the phone tightened.
Remember kids, shaming someone into writing something that they don't want to is bad.
"You know there's something wrong here," Natasha said. "Even with the labs and medical equipment Sharpton had access to, there had to be other people involved. It's just too big a task for one person to pull off on their own."
The nurses quickly went through the triage process. Upon checking his temperature, they found it went down 0.2 degrees. That was good, but Tony still wasn't out of the red yet. As soon as they were done, Tony wanted to go to sleep, but the doctor decided not to dawdle and arrived less than a minute after the nurses left. She was a redhead a few shades darker than Pepper who kept her hair tied back in a tight ponytail.
Luckily, Bruce didn't Hulk-out, but he was promptly sick to his stomach.
he thought.
"That was Agent Romanoff's assessment of Tony Stark for the Avengers Initiative," he said. "Yet another tampered file."
"Good news," Lara said once everyone had piled into the limousine, dressed and looking pretty for the cameras. "Your first interview is going to be pre-taped, not live."
The room was absolutely broiling. Tony had to grip the arms of his chair to keep himself from trying to loosen his tie or roll up his sleeves. Several times he noticed Steve looking at him with worry out of the corner of his eye. He tried to smile as subtly as he could, just to reassure him, but he could never do it convincingly enough. For a moment, Tony wished he and Steve were out of the closet with their relationship, just so he could give him some proper reassurance without having to worry about what others would think of it. Maybe it was time to broach that subject with him…
"There," he said. "I'm lying down." Steve snorted.
"It's like a surprise party, but instead of cake and presents, you get yelled at and sent to treatment in Florida." Lara's explanation only served to confuse Steve further. Bruce sighed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"How have you been, Cap?" he asked.
"Thanks," Clint said. Natasha looked up for a moment before going back to removing the restraints around his wrists. "Natasha… How many agents did I…"
"Feels that way?" Steve felt the same spark of excitement that Tony exhibited before. He quickly said "yes." "Yeah, it feels like that and you know it's wrong, but you can't stop. You want it to, desperately, but it's like nothing is enough." Steve felt something inside him break.
"You're not. Trust me, I'd know." Lara wasn't convinced.
"You can't avoid this anymore," she repeated.
Tony didn't even bother to look at the message before switching the phone to silent. When he looked back up Thor was making some point to Fury.
"I'm sorry I married him."
Reaching over to the small coffee table in front of them, Natasha grabbed the first magazine she saw and tossed it into Clint's lap. He gave the cover a strange look.
"Mostly dizzy," he said. "It's not that bad."
"Yes," she said with a little guilt.
"He's not after Stark," he said. "Yesterday he found Stark on the side of the road and brought him back to his house for his own safety. He walked away for a minute and when he returned, he found Stark was gone. He just wants to know that Stark is safe." Tony listened to all of this with an increasingly confused look on his face.
"Alright, can we stop naming names?" Tony snapped. "It's kind of annoying."
"I don't know about that," he said. "But seriously, we do good work and we'd love to have you hear us out sometime. Certainly, under less formal circumstances." Everyone could feel the bite directed at Salinas that went along with those last few words. Salinas shifted slightly uncomfortably on his feet.
"Alright," Lara said. "Keep me updated. Call if anything changes."
Salinas then relinquished Tony's foot and Tony bolted upright. As he did so, Salinas came over and put one hand on his shoulder, leaning over him with his entire body and forcing him back down. Tony swallowed hard.
"Are the emergency codes the same here as they were in Malibu?" she asked Stark over her shoulder.
"However, none of them were there at the time and it was the company's CEO – Miss Virginia Potts – that fired me," Freeman said. "I don't know if she was aware of my affiliation."
Clint laid down and rolled onto his side, trying to make himself comfortable despite knowing that would be impossible. Nothing could ever make this situation comfortable. He was being quarantined after opening a bio-terror letter and everything in his mind was telling him that this was the end of the road. He wouldn't be able to say goodbye to Laura and the kids… Hell, Laura probably didn't even know what was happening. She was probably going about her workday, thinking she'd see him later when he came to drop off the dog. Little did she know, he'd be arriving much later than she expected; in a casket.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 9/24/19.
"Oh, you know," he said. "I was out enjoying the sights. I hear Times Square is lovely this time of year."
"As safe as anyone can be given the situation, I guess," she said. "I mean, I'm staying with a Secret Service agent qualified to protect the President, so I don't think I could get safer than that without going on an extended vacation to Riker's Island."
"Don't I always?" Lara narrowed her eyes suspiciously.
"Clint, whatever you do, don't touch your face!" Clint almost did it out of sheer confusion, but then he realized Natasha only ordered him to do that because the powder had completely covered his face.
"He's going to have to, thanks to you." Tony nodded.
"It's not your fault," Steve said. "Peggy is the one who told you and considering her reasoning in the situation, I can't blame her. She did the right thing."
"What was that?" she asked once she was sure she was standing steadily. "An earthquake?"
"Hey, J," Tony said as he rounded his desk. "Can you bring up the security camera footage from the chem lab. Cue it up to Saturday at noon."
"He has frostbite on his toes," she said. "It's probably best to stay off his feet."
"I'd have to ask what that offer was." The response elicited a smile from the man, but it wasn't pleasant. In fact, she could have sworn she saw something sinister lying under the surface.
"I'm still not taking the risk," Lara said. "I didn't dodge the bullet just to get hit by a ricochet. Do you know how long it took me to be able to open my mail without having an anxiety attack after 9/11?"
"Point taken," he said.
"The Kree are no allies of mine," she said. "I may be of their race, but that's the end of it. If you really had intelligence on me, you'd know that. You have nothing to fear from me."
"The humans think us immortal," his illusion remarked as it walked closer to one of the holographic panels. "Should we test that?" He had the illusion reach for the release button before becoming distracted by the sound of one of the guards he had set up falling unconscious to the ground.
"Look," she said. "I know you need to cover your ass legally, but this is a serious situation. If you're willing to overlook the warrant issue for right now and show us the footage, we can get you one retroactively." The concierge paused for a moment to think that offer over.
"It's okay," he said. "Just say what's on your mind." Steve shook his head and looked back up at him.
"He wanted to make vaccinations and treatments for various biological agents more accessible for the average consumer," Sharpton explained. "Something about 'dark times ahead' and people needing to be prepared for the worst-case scenarios. I don't remember, but it sounded like a good idea to me. He wanted to test his vaccines against both the unaltered and altered versions of the diseases, but in order to do that he needed to be able to expose subjects to the diseases. We had the equipment and took all the safety precautions but couldn't get approval from the CDC. So, we obtained the diseases from the Black Market and Dr. Subarian headed up the research."
"That's another thing I'm not good at," Tony said.
"Yes, Tony would very much like that." Pepper shot him a glare for the sarcasm, but it did get Conroy to drop the issue and do as she was told.
"I can't ask you to do that." Pepper frowned.
"I noticed," Romanoff pointed out.
"How are you so good at this game?" Barton asked. "English isn't even your first language."
?" she – most certainly unprofessionally – exclaimed in shock.
"What do you mean?" Steve clenched his jaw.
building – even though you originally assured me that it wouldn't be here for longer than a day – before you got yourself hospitalized. Lara – who was closest to Stark – thumped his shoulder with the back of her hand, while Steve shot his boyfriend a disappointed look. Clint, meanwhile, laughed.
Tony studied the man's features closely. This time, it was completely undeniable that this man was Steve Rogers – or his look-alike clone, but Tony's mind didn't want to go down that rabbit hole of possibilities right now. He stared at the other man's face in complete disbelief. As if to make sure what he was seeing was real Tony reached out a finger and touched Steve's cheek. His skin felt ice cold and his eye twitched in reaction to the touch. Tony pulled his hand back so quickly you would have thought he burned it.
"Tony!" Steve started to rush to Tony's side but stopped short when he saw Tony pulling the helmet off his head.
Lorraine was silent for a long moment before finally coming out with a small, shocked "what?"
"Is there anything else anyone wants to disclose? Speak now or forever hold your peace." Steve didn't miss the pointed look Freeman gave Natasha and Clint and neither of the spies missed it either.
"Really?" Tony shrugged.
"Well, first you told me Howard forced you to drink alcohol at nine years old." Tony let go of a breath he'd been holding for the past thirty-two years. He couldn't believe what a relief it was. It was like someone had pulled a leech of his chest.
"Yes," Carol said. "I'm sure."
The project was progressing nicely, though they were still months away from attempting to tap into the Tesseract's seemingly unlimited power supply. Dr. Selvig was hopeful, though, and if things kept going at this rate, they'd be moving on to Phase Two by this time next year.
"Like what?"
"Do you want to take him to the bedroom?"
"That's very chivalrous of you," he remarked. "But I think it's important for you to know and understand the story behind that."
"Thanks." Lara smiled. "So, what about the rest of your life?" Bruce's brow furrowed in confusion.
"What is your problem?" he asked.
Tony swallowed hard, laced the fingers of his right hand between Steve's and looked him straight in the eye.
Unfortunately, Happy had the previous two nights off and had not gotten any of the usual last-minute calls from from a completely drunk Tony needing Happy to drive him from whatever party or bar he had stranded himself at. For normal people, it was considered a good thing for this not to happen. For Tony, it was highly unusual.
"Let them know fast," Lara urged. "It's very much possible that they're trying to set up an ambush."
"And this has what to do with the crazy chick claiming she has magical powers?" Bergeron asked.
"He's in the room I just came out of," she reported. "I noticed he has frostbite on his toes, but the rest of his body seems fine. He's asleep right now. I took off his wet clothes and piled as many blankets as I could on top of him." The doctor smiled.
Yup, Tony thought. Definitely some kind of weird fever dream.
Tony tried dialing the NYPD's non-emergency number a third time. Still, he got a busy signal. He growled in frustration. At first, he thought the attack might have already started and the lines were clogged, but that didn't make sense because, in a doomsday situation like the one they were potentially standing on the precipice of, everyone would be dialing 911, not the non-emergency number. The only reason why Tony was using the non-emergency number was that he didn't want to clog up the line for people who needed immediate help. Still, the police needed to be notified if they hadn't already. The area needed to be evacuated ASAP before anyone could get hurt.
Continuing to run up the road and touch whatever he could, Knežević found that pretty much anything he touched with the dead center of his palm would turn to stone, the only exception being his own body. As soon as his palm contacted the object, it would slowly start to change form, becoming one of a multitude of shades he seemed to be able to produce. The transformation process would start at the point of contact and continue until the entire object was consumed. If an object was made from multiple parts, only the part he touched would turn to stone. The rest of the object would remain intact. It was unlike anything he had ever seen before. It was pure brilliance!
The only thing that surprised him was how light the questions were. Everhart was usually more hardball than this. Granted the packet said she was working for ABC now, not
"Shit!" Natasha pulled the phone away from her ear.
"What do you mean?" Steve questioned. Lara let out an aggravated sigh.
"Well, you're on the same team now," Pepper said. "You've saved the world together. That has to account for something."
"When I went under," he said as he walked. "The world was at war. I wake up, they say we won. They didn't say what we lost." Steve kept his gaze on his hands. Otherwise, he would have shot Fury a nasty glare. In that second, he was grateful Tony was kind enough to lay the truth on him right away. Otherwise, S.H.I.E.L.D. probably would have sheltered him from that, too.
"If you want to get up there," Steve said. "You're gonna need a ride." Natasha looked over behind Steve and could see an entire squadron of hoverbike-riding Chitauri approaching.
"I remember a shadow," Loki turned said. "Living in the shade of your greatness. I remember you tossing me into an abyss." As he said that, Loki couldn't help but feel a bit of uncertainty concerning that memory. However, he managed to cover it by throwing an extra bit of spite on to his words. "I, who was, and should be, king!"
For those of you who don't know, "Agent M" and "The Calvary" refer to Agent Melinda May from Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. you don't need to know much about her or Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. to understand this fic as the Avengers takes place before the show. Just know that she's with Laura and the kids to ensure their safety.
"Okay, good," she breathed. "That's good. Have you been able to reach Tony?"
"Tones, it takes up half the page every God damn time," Rhodey pointed out.
Hector Fair – who seemed to have regained the ability to think – took those words as encouragement to open his mouth again.
S.H.I.E.L.D. has captured Loki, but they have no leads on the location of the Tesseract. Dr. Bruce Banner and Tony Stark are trying to track the Cube through it's Gamma Radiation signature. Meanwhile, Steve and Tony had a date, but it was canceled thanks to S.H.I.E.L.D.'s little crisis. Since meeting back up in Germany, Steve and Tony have been uncharacteristically hostile towards one another. Sure, their annoyance at having their date ruined might have something to do with that, but something else seems to be at play...
What he could not understand was why Romanoff shared the video. The most plausible reason to Tony was that she wanted to hurt or humiliate him, and if that really was her intention, then she succeeded. However, there was one thing that kept him from fully believing that and it was the fact that she sent the video to Pepper instead of S.H.I.E.L.D. or the media. If she really wanted to hurt him in the worst way possible, she would have sent the video to one of them, but she did not, and he could not ignore that.
Steve chuckled as he freed his arms to wrap around Tony's shoulders. He smiled and leaned into the touch. He could feel Steve relax underneath him and Tony shut his eyes, thinking maybe he could sneak in another hour or so of sleep.
Steve spent much of the night looking for Tony. When Natasha returned to the table without him, Steve knew something had gone wrong. Natasha told him that she had left Tony by the bar. He was none-too-pleased with that but figured that argument could be left for later. Steve's priority was to find Tony and get him back to the table safely.
"Thanks." Tony nodded and turned back to Steve, who was still looking just as anxious as he did at the hospital.
"Really? Cool." Steve had met Colonel Rhodes a few times; the two of them having been introduced at Tony's Christmas Party two years prior. Steve found Rhodes to be nice and easy-going. He could see through his banter with Tony how the two of them came to be friends. He could also see how protective he was of Tony. Their dynamic reminded him of himself and Bucky back in the day…
"Shit!"
Originally posted to FFN on 12/29/18
Boy, it was a mess. It was usually pretty easy to get to the elevators from the Grand Central Terminal entrance. However, the flow of the crowd was so thick that Lara had trouble breaking away from it. She was sure that she had shoved more people than was probably necessary and stepped on quite a few people's toes. She didn't apologize for it, though. After all, she wasn't the one who had turned the lobby into a mosh pit.
over it, luckily."
"No, you won't," he said. "I promise you won't, not on my watch. I'll die before you do." Steve could tell that sentiment scared Tony a little by the way he tensed up in his arms. Steve really didn't care. He meant it. He'd rip out his own lungs to give Tony an emergency transplant before he let him asphyxiate to death in his sleep. That was the truth of it.
"Well, that's very sweet of you all," she said. "I understand first appointments can be a little nerve-wracking…" Tony really had to fight the urge to laugh at that complete understatement. "…So, having people willing to stand by and show support is always good." The sincerity of her words caught Tony's attention. When he looked up, he saw nothing but kindness in the doctor's eyes and he felt his tense shoulders relax a little.
Steve gave her a quizzical look, but it was washed away when he heard the clicking of high-heels coming down the hall. Turning to look behind him, he could see Pepper coming towards the waiting area. He felt an instant feeling of dread upon seeing her. Even though he didn't know her at all, he could tell by her crossed arms and the downward-directed gaze that something was wrong. Quickly, he stood to meet her, and Lara did so as well.
"He didn't. I just…" Natasha looked down like she couldn't figure out what to say.
"How well do you know Captain Danvers?" Tony raised an eyebrow to the question but didn't even bother to think about arguing over its legitimacy.
"No, they weren't." Lara glanced down the hallway and into the archways that led to the main ballroom, trying to see if there was anyone, she at leased halfway recognized. "Are Romanoff and Barton still here?"
The words were completely lost on Lucky. All he understood was that he wanted the ball, she had the ball, and he needed her to drop the ball. He was a dog, not a child. It was completely useless to try to impart a life lesson to him. That was not going to stop Lara from trying, though. She was steadfast and stubborn and was not going to let a dog get the better of her. Bruce would have probably found it amusing if it were not for the slightly despondent undertone to her demeanor.
"On it." She then got up and followed Freeman. Steve wasn't going to lie, he now felt physically sick to his stomach.
"They were famous before," Lara said. "But they were famous for a different thing, not acting."
"Fine," Knežević said coldly. "Be like that. You can suffer for her."
"He doesn't have one," he said. "He was born without it."
"Some of the stuff in here is kind of heavy…" Pepper narrowed her eyes.
"The last time I saw Stark was when he and Nat got up to get drinks." Hill's gaze landed squarely on Natasha.
been absorbed in it.) Steve was no longer cooking and had taken the seat Natasha had been sitting in before. Nat, meanwhile, had gotten behind the counter and appeared to be rinsing off the dishes and putting them in the dishwasher. Also, Bruce had joined them and was working on eating his own plate of eggs at the end of the counter.
"Alright," she said. "If you're coming then get in back."
good. Not to mention she went through this whole story which had barely anything to do with how she got her powers before she actually told us about how she got her powers – and it happened years before the original story even took place. She could have just started with how she got her powers and left everything else out."
"I wish I could say I came to give you a warm welcome back," Romanoff said. "But I'm afraid we have more urgent matters to discuss."
"Oh my God…"
"Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist," he listed off.
"Are you sure you'll be fine with just the two of you?" Bruce asked as Steve and Natasha paused at the top of the stairs to make sure that all their gear was properly secured.
Things were silent. The expression on Tony's face was unreadable. Steve knew that wasn't a good sign. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and waited for the rejection. It took a little bit, but eventually, Tony came to his senses and was able to give some response. However, it was worse than a simple "no," and more insulting. Tony started laughing.
"Some people have reported smelling things that others did not before experiencing a seizure," Bruce said. "Normally it's the smell of chemicals or burning wires."
"Nothing, I don't think." Steve looked over at Tony, who nodded in agreement.
Lara rushed into the bathroom stall at top speed. Of all the times to finally get her period, this had to be the worst. She slammed the stall door shut and locked it before she practically ripped her pants down and sat on the toilet. When she finally got the whole picture of what was going on, she almost fainted.
It all started because Anne Barnes, Bucky's mother, had told Steve, Bucky, and Bucky's sister Rebecca to go play outside while she talked to Steve's mother, Sarah Rogers. Steve and Bucky were just fine with that. Even though Steve couldn't run around much due to his asthma, they could always find something to do. However, Rebecca just had to be a brat about it.
"Regardless, his vital signs are stable for the moment." Carol stepped forward and started lifting Stark into her arms. "He's not going to die any time soon. I know a place we can go until you can get into contact with Fury. We can easily keep an eye on him there. With that, Carol leaped into the air and took off with Stark in tow. Jessica let out a scoff.
Lara watched the screen as the first officers walked through the lobby's doors with guns drawn. She bit her lip and watched uncomfortably as they walked into what was sure to be their certain doom. Even though she had warned the 911 operator of the seriousness of the situation, there had clearly been a breakdown in communications somewhere because as far as she could tell, none of the officers were wearing tactical gear or even a single trace of Kevlar. They were very unprepared to fall into the trap that had been set up for them.
"Hydra's secret weapon," he said out of sheer surprise.
"Nothing pressingly urgent," he assured, not wanting or needing to alarm her. "At least, not right now." He heard her give a sigh of relief.
"An argument can be made for fifteen," Tony quickly added.
"Thanks," Clint said, but it came out more like "tanks."
"I'm sleeping in the bathtub." Steve snapped out of it.
"So, we just have to keep you from getting stressed," Clint concluded.
"That'd be a big coincidence, though, if it wasn't," Clint said.
Tony rubbed at his aching head and looked around him. The tablet in front of him was still pulled up to Dr. Selvig's notes. Tony had already read them, twice, but was looking through them one last time just to make sure he didn't miss anything important about the Tesseract. That's when he fell asleep. Slowly turning to look out the window, Tony realized it was much brighter outside than it was when he last remembered being awake. He tried to suppress a groan.
"Tones," he said. "Look at me, please." Tony stubbornly refused for another few moments before relenting and meeting Rhodey's eyes. The amount of hurt and pain Tony's brown eyes held was truly haunting.
"Oh. I wouldn't be concerned about that." If the doctor spontaneously grew a second head, Tony would be less surprised.
"You need to calm down, Sarah," she said. "Those people are sick anyways. There's nothing you could do to help them."
Steve watched with a frown as Tony dragged his spoon around for another lap through his bowl of soup. Tony hadn't eaten much; not then nor at any other point during the weekend. The last real meal Steve could remember him eating was the pizza at Clint's welcome home "party" the other day, and he wasn't sure how much he'd consider that a meal. (Although it had been better than Steve had been expecting, it still tasted mostly of sugar and grease, which made him want nothing but very plain food until dinner the next day.) The most he could recall Tony eating was a bag of chips at some point and that was it. He had no luck in trying to get him to eat at the table the night before, but tonight, Steve wasn't going to take no for an answer.
"Here," she said. "You can use this."
Cabe and the rest of the building's security team arrived within minutes. Say what you wanted about them; they never wasted time fooling around. Both Tony and Carol were quick to assure that it was an accident, and no one was seriously injured. However, for obvious reasons, Cabe was not going to take that at face value. She ordered everyone who wasn't security or maintenance staff out of the room. Everyone who fell into that category quickly complied, recognizing the implicit threat that anyone who failed to do so would be sorry about it.
"I'm fine," he quickly assured. "I'm fine, don't worry." He held his hands up and flipped them so Steve could see both sides. "Not a scratch on me." Slowly, Steve seemed to let out a breath he'd been holding.
"Stark, do you hear me?" By the time Fury's voice came through his comms, Tony had just taken out one of the sky-whales and had ended up back down on the ground, trying to fend off several Chitauri soldiers at once. His breathing was ragged, and he wasn't sure how much longer he could keep this up for. However, what Fury said next allowed him to tap into his last bit of resolve. "You have a missile headed straight for the city."
"Welcome to Taco Bell," she greeted wearily. "Have you tried our Two-Dollar Meal Deals?"
"What took you so long?" he joked.
"What was that?" Lara asked.
"Start with the most annoying, pain-in-the-ass thing you have on your plate right now," Lara advised. "Whatever it is, I'll get it out of your way and done." Pepper closed her eyes for a second to think, but that one second was all that was needed for everything to go to hell.
"…I thought you Jesus freaks were supposed to freak out at that kind of shit." Ironically, those ended up being the right words, as he got the exact reaction, he wanted out of the two men with his previous statement with this one.
"Home." Tony groaned and pulled the covers up over his head.
"We're somewhere in New York City," the man said. "I'm not sure where and there were so many twists and turns through that hallway, it's very much possible we're under a different section of the city than I originally started in."
"Are you okay?" Tony wasn't sure if he should be proud that Steve sounded so breathless, but either way, he nodded.
"Drinking…"
Remember kids, murder pranks never go wrong. Just search "Murdered My Girlfriend Prank Corey Scherer" on Youtube! That prank went great!
"The Avengers are still alive," he said. "The virus didn't kill them, like we had hoped! They are still a threat to us!"
"You ain't leaving me with much of a choice here either," Johnny called back. "That's why I'm going to give you to the count of five to get your louse-ridden, yellow-bellied carcasses out of here before I start shredding them apart with bullets."
. He shot an annoyed glance at her before reluctantly agreeing.
"Do whatever you want with them." He then stepped into the hallway, only to come to a halt once again.
"Because I was scared of what you were asking me last night," Steve said. "I thought you wanted more out of this." At that, Tony began to look a teensy bit guilty.
"Trust me," Pepper said. "I'm just keeping him on until this chaos blows over, then he's getting fired." Lara took a deep breath and nodded, hoping at least for Tony's sake that would be what came to pass.
"Ow," he said. "That burned." Natasha shrugged.
Rhodey pushed the thought away as he focused on the voice of the woman over the line who was trying to calm him.
"I had other matters I needed to attend to," he said. She rolled her eyes in a "whatever" gesture. "What was taken?"
"We'd be dead if that were the case." Bruce pointed out.
Tony looked up just in time to see Lara sliding into the barstool on the other side of him. True to her word, she was wearing Sketchers and leggings, along with a blue tunic dress and her hair loose for once. Tony narrowed his eyes at her.
"Yeah," Stark said. "I tell myself that, too."
The room ended up being a small closet and when she said small, she really meant
"Yeah," Lara said. "But I couldn't get my fingers those damn petit little wires with those things on. You should have made those wires bigger."
No, it was for the deal he made – arguably the worst thing he did because now not only did Thanos know where another Infinity Stone was hidden, but Loki had also failed him. Failure was not an option when you were a servant of Thanos. It was either success or death. Then, the Other's words from earlier echoed back through his head along with the scorching memory of the pain that had been inflicted on him.
Lara and Tony got into an argument about Tony's drinking. Tony left while Lara went back inside the party venue. This is what happened to Lara.
"It's a patient intake forum," he said. "Not a standardized test." Yeah, Tony could see how ridiculous that question was. Conceding, Tony handed the clipboard over to Rhodey along with the pen he'd been twirling absentmindedly.
Clint was fine as he stood from the table and left the room – or at least he acted like it. He started to falter a bit as they walked through the kitchen and by the time they were out into the hallway, he was leaning against the wall for support. Natasha rolled her eyes and quickly tried to slip under his arm to try to support him.
"You're worried about Tony," Steve blinked but did nothing to deny the assessment.
"Yeah," Lara said.
"How is he?" she immediately asked. The nurse looked up but remained unphased.
"Forever."
"Well, I'm here now." Steve went to Tony's side and clasped his hand tightly between both of his. "No need to worry. I'm here, I'm safe, and I've got you." He noticed several S.H.I.E.L.D. personnel raise their eyebrows at the interaction, but Steve chose to ignore it. Natasha had explained to him that almost all S.H.I.E.L.D. operatives had gone "gay for pay" (had sex with someone of the same gender to gain intel and/or trust that would prove crucial to an operation's success) at least once. Herself and Clint had been included in that. If anyone had a problem with him and Tony being gay, then they were being horrible hypocrites and probably deserved to get their asses kicked. Granted, Steve didn't think this same principal probably applied to the less-espionage-oriented parts of S.H.I.E.L.D., like their medical team, but at the same time it was nice to know that if the organization ever decided to lock him and Tony up for their sexualities, they had at least two people who would have their backs, ready to stage a mutiny and a breakout if it came to that, and yes, that was how they phrased it.
"Yes." The letter "s" was slightly hissed.
"Oh, Daddy, Daddy!" Lila exclaimed. "I painted you something!"
"Which one of you opened the letter?" the one in the center said, getting right down to business.
"You would describe yourself as sociable, but sometimes you like to spend time alone."
"How's Drew?" was his immediate question. Carol shrugged.
BTW, that dream Lara had is actually one I had... I wasn't sure where or how else to bring it up... Should I be concerned that I dreamed that? Like, do I need to get off Hydroxine or something? Help! O_O
"You were going to prank me, weren't you?" Lara's eyes went wide as if she was expecting to get acid thrown in her face.
If you are reading this on Monday, September 2nd, 2019 - the date I intended to publish this chapter - it means what I tried worked and I have nothing to apologize for. If not, I am so, so sorry.
"Interesting," Adoniram remarked.
Shortly after Steve had called for someone to come and arrest Subarian, an agent came, and the doctor was quickly carted off to custody. Once he was out of sight, Steve turned his attention to Natasha. She was still staring at the same spot on the floor. Though she wasn't looking up at Steve, he took notice of the way her eyes twitched rapidly back and forth, as if trying to process something. Steve tried to get her attention by saying her name, but she ignored him completely and took off down the hall. Steve didn't even try to follow her out. He didn't see her again until he got into the car, this time knowing better than to try to talk to her.
"Dr. Rachael Cranston," she introduced. "It's wonderful to meet you."
"No, this is making me feel better," Lara said, though she quickly started muttering them under her breath. Tony took a deep breath to compose himself and felt a hand gently tangle itself in his hair.
If this chapter is unrealistic in any way, I'm sorry. I've never been on a date and have never been in a relationship. I don't know how those things start off. The only thing resembling experience I've had in that arena is a crush I've had on the actor Norman Reedus for the past two years. Other than that, I'm clueless.
"I'm good. It's nice to see you as well." That was an outright lie but it would be even more of a lie to return it and say it was
"Wrongful termination?" Freeman questioned. "Is that really necessary, considering I was resigning anyway."
She didn't need to be told twice. Carol balled her hand up into a fist and pointed it at the light above their heads. She released a burst of energy, causing the light to explode and glass shards rained down. Thankfully, they didn't fall on any people, everyone standing just out of the way. It caused Amanda to jump, though, and let out a pathetic little squeak of a yelp.
"There's something wrong with me," he said, pointing an accusatory finger. "They keep saying I'm fine, but I know there's something wrong. I feel lighter than air and my heart's not beating. That isn't right, right?" Steve's eyebrows went up in alarm. He didn't know what could cause those symptoms, but they were too serious for a doctor to just ignore. Immediately, the doctor let out a heavy sigh and run a hand through her dark ponytail.
"Sounds good," Tony said. "Do it." Lara pulled her phone back close to her.
"What do you mean?" she asked.
Originally posted to FFN on 5/10/18.
He answered every one of the doctor's questions clearly and cooperatively, leading him to reveal that he'd been frequently been suffering from bouts of fatigue, shortness of breath, and dizziness. It also made him notice things he hadn't realized before, such as how much easier he cut and bruised. It wasn't until she asked her last question that Tony felt the rug get pulled out from underneath him.
"Shits and giggles," Lara pointed out. "Higher ratings, perceived revenge, distractions from their own mistakes – all reasons that people have disparaged you in the past."
"What?" he said. "Just because you're a girl and I'm a guy you think you can just hit me and get away with it? You know the cops aren't going to buy that shit! Guy hits a girl; he gets the book thrown at him! Girl hits a guy; they make excuses for her and a white knight rides off with her into the sunset!"
"Yes," Hill confirmed with a nod. "Alright, Rogers, come over here and give me your wrist." Steve did she said and stepped closer to her while holding out his right wrist. Hill slid the thin, silver bracelet around it and the device beeped as she clicked it shut. "There is a tracking device in this bracelet. It can only be opened by a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent, so don't bother trying to take it off. With this, we will be able to find you anywhere on the planet. If you're in danger, press the button on the side and we'll be right with you." Steve stared skeptically at the device on his wrist.
"I'm sorry," he said. "How inconsiderate of me." Tony's pout quickly perked upwards into a flirtatious smirk.
. He had a physical body. He may not be able to open his eyes or move any part of it, but he was still aware that he had one.
"You of all people should be paying attention," she said. "After all, this was your idea."
"Why?" She took a deep breath.
"Anything else?"
He was even less of a happy camper when he heard a knock at the door. Forcing himself to get up and gritting his teeth against the pain Tony got up and looked through the peephole. Seeing Pepper standing on the other side of the door, Tony quickly pulled his pants and his undershirt back on before opening the door.
"I was told I attract to much attention," Carol explained. "I just need a way out of the city. Then, I'll fly the rest of the way back."
Although, another saying also applied to that task; "easier said than done." Tony didn't install the bar himself. He had paid a guy to do it for him. Because of that, he didn't know exactly how it was put together and therefore he didn't know exactly how to take it apart. However, it wasn't like that was a problem. He didn't really care if he broke something or tore it apart – after all he still had the sledgehammer as an option – but not knowing exactly what he was doing would slow the process significantly and that was a bit annoying. Tony cold be a patient man, but right now he didn't want to waste time. He just wanted it done.
"Not much," Pepper said. "It was just an e-mail with the subject 'you need to see this,' a brief rundown of the situation, and the video." Tony leaned back, pinching the bridge of his nose. "What's wrong?" Tony let out a breath as he pulled his hand away from his face.
"Hey," she said. Dante gave a half-hearted grunt in reply. "How was work?"
"No, I'm good for the moment." Pepper nodded and headed down the hall. Tony's face dropped the second she was out of earshot. "I still haven't told her my insurance dropped me for medically experimenting on myself. That's going to be a fun conversation."
"Not yet," he said. "You're the first one I've come across." Lara swallowed hard. Bruce's face softened. "I'm sure they're alright. They're probably just ahead of us. We'll catch up to them outside." Lara slowly nodded, but her face remained pale.
"The test showed that you have a depressive personality and you have difficulty asserting yourself." Lara frowned.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You don't need to get up," Bruce said. "I can get it." Lara shook her head.
"Well, right now I want him to rest," Dr. Fox said firmly so that way certain people (Tony) would understand that this is non-negotiable. "Captain Rogers is both physically and mentally exhausted from the trauma of this whole ordeal. Although they appear to be sleeping, most coma patients' brains are still active as they remain in their vegetative states. Of course, it's taxing for the brain to be continuously running at full power without the 'break' that sleep provides – although the brain never really takes a break – so a lot of times a patient will awaken from his coma and fall straight back to sleep. It's not that unusual. Captain Rogers seemed to be fighting sleep while I was checking up on him. That's a pretty impressive feat considering how long he was under and how much valium we've been pumping into his system."
"It's dead?" Clint asked carefully; needing Tony to say the exact words.
"Mr. Stark-"
"Steve," she said. "Did you overhear my conversation with Mrs. Barnes the other day?"
"Call it, Captain." Steve resisted the urge to smile as he felt a little flutter run through his heart. It was nothing unpleasant, he was just grateful that for the first time in days he and Tony were working together and on the same page. Even if they failed here, if they died, at least they wouldn't die angry with each other. That was a small comfort as Steve put his leadership cap on and got down to formulating a plan.
"Holy shit!" Nina made quick work of the lock and had the door open within seconds. She threw her arms around Oswin's neck and pressed kisses to the side of her face. Oswin laughed at first, but her smile was quickly wiped away by Nina's sobs.
"I spend all day holding back a twelve-hundred-pound smashing machine," Bruce explained. "This is nothing."
"In about thirty seconds, almost all of the utilities to the penthouse will be cut off," Stark explained. "Air, water, and arc reactor power will be shut down. We'll only be getting just enough power from the emergency generators to keep the lights on and JARVIS running."
"Really?" Laura said. "That never happens." Sure, the signal lagged a bit and the cameras didn't always have great quality, but they never had trouble connecting to the network outright.
"Blasphemy!" the shorter man exclaimed.
"What are you doing?" Duran asked. "I am a Homeland Security Agent! I'm trying to help you."
Duran thought with a roll of her eyes.
At that point, Steve was frustrated. He was wondering if he should go back to the table and restart his search from there when he heard a commotion. He could clearly recognize Tony and Lara's voices screaming at each other. Immediately, he followed the shouting out into the hallway and caught sight of Tony and Lara stepping out into the foyer. They stopped before they could go through the second set of doors leading outside, which caused Steve to slow his pace a bit.
It hadn't been hard to connect the killings back to Knežević. Although the first death had nothing to connect back to him at all (unless he'd literally murder for a taco) the subsequent deaths only had one man tying them all together. Sure, it could be any current or former convict in the State of California, but none of them had any ties to Lorraine Wilburn and her nieces. Knežević, however, did.
"Well, maybe it's not about guns," Natasha said. They both looked over at the pile of debris on the other end of the viaduct. Several cars, along with pieces of the bridge, buildings, and pieces of the Chitauri hoverbikes littered the end of the street, where a couple of the Chitauri had taken up positions.
Remember kids, even if the author doesn't have the will to live, it's not worth it to track her down and kill her.
"A lot of time control isn't an option," Tony said. "If the person responsible for my parents' deaths were in this room right now, do you think I'd be able to take it? No, of course not. I'd beat Howard back to death in a heartbeat."
"I don't know…" Lara said. "Looking out the window, the we were still kind of at-level with the balconies inside the airport. I'd say about seven, eight floors up?"
"Listen, I can explain," Dante started, but Lara raised a hand, not letting him finish.
The People's Unity Church didn't come to preach at Avengers Tower every day. They tried to keep it random so that the police and the building's security personnel couldn't anticipate them coming. A few times security did manage to stop them from coming in, but for the most part, the Church members had become masters of sneaking into and out of the building. Usually, they wouldn't know the Church was there until they had already started their sermon for the day. That certainly increased frustrations.
Before they could go up to the penthouse, they had to make a stop on the level of the lobby, where Lara would be getting off. She had only gone with them to the tower because it was a lot easier and made a bit more sense for her to go there with them and catch a train from Grand Central Station. From there, she would take the subway until she connected at the station for the line going to Nyack, New York, where her brother lived, and she had left her car and cat. Just before the elevator doors opened, Tony grabbed her attention.
"No." Although that list of symptoms was concerning, Steve did hone in on one of them. "Wait, confusion? What do you mean by that?"
Carol has literally crashed into the Avengers. What happens now?
"Okay, the relays are intact," he said. "What's our next move?"
"Chiot!" Steve looked to the screaming woman first and saw that she had gone to the ground. She held out her arms and immediately a puppy ran into them. Lara started saying words of affection to the dog in French while scratching behind his ears. The dog responded by attempting to lick her face off. The pure joy in her laughter was undercut when Natasha spoke up.
"So, you have no idea what happened," she said. "JARVIS didn't tell you anything."
"Whatever," she said. "Let's just cut to the chase. I have a cover to maintain and I'd rather not have it blown because my boss doesn't know how to micromanage his time."
"Is anxiety keeping you up?" Bruce asked.
"Excuse me." Everyone looked up as Freeman approached the table, a tall Latino man following him. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything, but I just wanted to introduce you to someone." He gestured to the man standing next to him. "Everyone, this is Congressman Eduardo Salinas." He then gestured to the table. "Congressman, these are the Avengers." He pointed around the table. "That's Dr. Banner, Agents Romanoff and Barton, Captain Rogers, Mr. Stark, and Stark's assistant, Miss Conroy."
"A lot of things can do both," Betty pointed out.
"So, if I'm going to do this, it better be worth my while." Natasha sighed.
All at once the rhythm stopped. The stark silence drilled into her ears. The hairs on the back of her neck stood up. Something wasn't right here.
"Remind me again how you made your fortune, Stark." Tony could feel his entire body clench at that remark. That was a low blow and Fury knew it. He had moved past that. In the past two years, he and Pepper worked tirelessly to change the company's direction from arms manufacturing to clean energy. Stark Tower was a monument to all of that. How dare he! However, it was only made worse when Steve spoke up.
Eventually, Oswin made that last left and ended up in front of a set of steel double-doors labeled "Chem. Lab 1."
"I mean how do you know we're in danger?" she asked. "How do you know we need to be saved?"
"Are you sure about this?" Steve asked.
"How so?" Bruce gave Lara a surprised look. Lara raised her eyebrows as if daring him to challenge her.
"Ah," Lara said. "Of course."
"Where's Conroy?"
"Alright," Tony conceded. "I'm half-lying, half-leaning. It's still better than being upright, though."
"If I'm dying, I'm not going to rush it," he said. "I just don't want to know." Laura and the kids didn't know. It was only fair. Stark made a noise of agreement.
– but because he had lived for years being told that wanting that with a man was wrong; that openly dating a man was wrong. It scared him, and now on top of that he was starting to worry that Tony was afraid he did not love him because he would not openly date him, which was untrue. He was simply scared.
"The unthinkable," Salinas said. "Tony Stark tried to kill me." Shock spread across Freeman's face.
"Yes."
"Like what?"
"Using your boyfriend's birthday is a little obvious. Honestly, I expected better from you." Tony winced at his own stupidity.
Friday, August 13th, 2010
"No." Natasha tilted her head and raised an eyebrow. Steve stood his ground. "Tony's going to get himself hurt or killed if he tries to fight anyone in his condition."
"You are an adult," Carol pointed out.
. Tony felt a frown tug at his lips.
Slowly, Steve stood up and surveyed the scene. Tony and Thor seemed to be unharmed and were getting to their feet as well. Neither of them made a move towards each other, which was a good sign. Still, just to be clear, Steve directed his gaze at both men.
"I'm sorry about the interview," Pepper finally said.
"I know," Tony said. "But actions need to have consequences. Charge them."
." Tony squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose. There went his good mood for the day.
"Bruce!" She let out a breath of relief despite knowing that given the situation, she shouldn't be relieved at all. "What's going on?" she asked when he caught up with her.
"I can see that," the concierge said. "Now where is that search warrant?" Natasha sighed and slipped her badge into her back pocket.
"Enough to be poisoned by it," Tony said.
"We aren't going to discuss anything that you're not comfortable to," she assured. "This is a safe space and we'll only discuss what you're ready to when you're ready to do it." That explanation did nothing to lessen Tony's confusion.
"I was drunk off my ass, Pepper," Tony said. "You can't expect me to remember anything!"
"Really?" Cooper excitedly nodded. "That's awesome, bud!"
"Or go outside," Steve said. "I mean, I get it. They want to give me space to adjust and since I'm supposed to be dead, it's probably not a good idea to go outside, but it's still driving me crazy."
"You're going to have to, though," Tony said.
"Do you need me to stay for this?" Pepper shook her head.
"Please," he said. "When have I ever pushed myself too hard." Steve raised his eyebrows, several instances clearly coming to mind. "Don't answer that."
"How?" A wicked smirk appeared on the girl's face.
"Yes."
She gave them the once-over, clearly taking notice of the tense ways they were each respectively sitting and standing, and the fact that Clint, Natasha, and Steve were still wearing their uniforms. Even Bruce's uneasiness was clear as he picked at a thread from a rip on his shirt sleeve, which Nat noticed had not been there when they left earlier. She would be more suspicious about that if she did not have bigger fish to fry.
"Hey, hey, hey," Steve said. "Don't say that. Nothing is impossible."
"Hello again, stranger." Steve returned the smile for the briefest of moments.
"You don't know?" Steve shook his head.
"Your forced our hand." Fury said. "We had to come up with…"
"How do you feel?" she leaned into his ear and asked.
"It's a simple yes or no question," she said. "What's hard to understand?"
"Regardless," Fury said. "That still doesn't make it okay. Once the Captain has all his wits about him, he's going to realize that something is wrong and that's going to make it a whole lot more difficult to explain to him that he's been frozen for the past sixty-five years.
"You serious?" he asked. "You draw?"
"Well, it's nice to hear someone appreciates our efforts."
"Barton," Lara said hesitantly. "Did you kidnap someone's child?"
Steve thought.
"Yes," The AI responded. "Dr. Banner is awake and is in his private office."
Although they had gotten off to a bit of a rocky start (if you define holding a knife to a person's eye and threatening to kill them a rocky start), Lara had apologized for her actions and she and Bruce were on cordial enough terms to where she'd consider them friends. He was nice and she liked talking to him, even if she couldn't fully understand what he said sometimes with the scientific terminology. If she asked him to break it down into numbers though, he'd oblige, and she'd be able to get the gist of what he was saying. Numbers were a universal language after all.
"How did this happen?" Tony said. "That's what I want to know. This facility has the best security system and the best security officers it can possibly have, and JARVIS is programmed to notify me if the alarms are tripped or if reports of a break-in come in from this address. It's more secure than Fort Knox. No one could just walk in here and take whatever they wanted."
"You're in luck," she said. "Brother Daniel just happens to be in the building and he's willing to meet with you! Isn't that exciting?!" Honestly, Carol was too put off by the woman's demeanor to feel anything resembling excitement.
"Uh, not so good." Steve could see that Lara was instinctively leaning away from Clint.
"You remember the Tesseract?"
Unfortunately, Tony was subjected to the "wonderful gift" of Susanna Hoffs several more times before he was able to effectively block the number. It wasn't hard, just somewhat needlessly complicated. He had to have JARVIS trace the number back to the phone company it was registered to, and then hack into their systems to get the phone's specific model number. Once he had those things, it was just a simple matter of hacking into Lara's phone and programming it to automatically reject calls originating from that specific model number. After that, the music stopped.
"Should I be flattered?" she asked.
"Well, that's good to hear," he said. "Because I've been wanting the same thing for a while now."
"Bruce!" he heard her exclaim. "What's going on?"
"What did he say?" Clint asked. Natasha relayed what she heard to him and his face grew more concerned with every word. "Shit." Nat nodded in agreement.
"Anacin kind of worked," Tony said. "But it mostly dulled the symptoms more than anything. I still had a headache, it just wasn't as painful."
"Tony…" He turned to look at Happy and saw that despite his friend's warning tone, he had a genuine look of concern on his face. A glance back at Pepper showed that look mirrored on her face, perhaps doubly so. Tony found himself in sudden need of another deep breath.
"She went to D.C. to discuss plans for a second tower. She shouldn't be back yet."
"You make yourself suffer needlessly," she said. "And don't deny it, you do it all the time."
Pepper had stayed on as CEO of Stark Industries. Despite their personal problems, she was able to put her feelings aside and work amicably with him for the good of the company. The fact that they had finally broken ground on Stark Tower was a testament to that. However, they had yet to have a personal, one-on-one conversation since then and that was putting Tony on edge.
was Tony's initial thought.
"No," he said. "You're not fine. You're very clearly not fine. You need to sit down and collect yourself."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm not sure if I can disclose that." Nina's heart was descending into the pit of icy hell.
"Sure thing!" Salinas turned back to Tony.
"That was the air," he said. "And power should be going right…" Almost on cue appliances started flipping off and the lights dimmed. Natasha hung up the phone and turned back to the rest of the team.
"Chemical plant, industrial complex, basically any sort of lab that would have access to rare and hazardous chemicals."
"Do you want to talk to them?"
"And that's the only reason why you asked her specifically?" Hill looked confused.
"Of course, they aren't," Tony said, rolling his eyes behind his lids.
"What does it matter?" she threw back.
The only good thing about it was that despite bringing up every one of his very public failings from the time he took over Stark Industries to the aforementioned incident at the Expo just two months prior, the woman somehow neglected to bring up his '95 sex tape. Out of all the mistakes he made in his past, he never wanted to relive that one again.
"Will do, sir," the woman said.
Taking a deep breath, Lara tried to reassure herself that she'd be fine and that help was most likely on the way. What she didn't know was that Tony wouldn't get her text messages until a full hour later, and when JARVIS tried to notify him of the situation, he got ignored as Tony had the bigger issue of keeping a hellicarier from falling out of the sky to deal with. Help wasn't coming for a while.
"I mean, there wasn't a single shred of evidence to be found," she said. "Whoever did this was good. They were able to get in and out without being noticed or even leaving behind a speck of DNA."
"I'll do it in a minute," she said. "Just let me have a cuppa before I start."
Looking up, Oswin saw Knežević in much the same condition that she was in; hunched over and gasping for air. She brushed her hair out of her face and swallowed.
"Not the point." Steve made sure Tony was looking him directly in the eyes before continuing. "Listen to me. This is dangerous. You're going to hurt yourself or someone else and I know you don't want that." Tony looked down and away.
"You're right," Tony said. "
"I know," Steve said. "I'm sorry for running out earlier. I don't know what happened. It just suddenly became hard to breathe and I needed to get out of there."
The concierge had come up to the room to ask them to leave as soon as possible. Someone had spotted Barton's puppy and told the hotel staff. As a result, they were being kicked out and forced to pay for any damages done to the room. Tony handed the bill to Barton, who broke out into a cold sweat upon seeing the number of zeros behind the five.
"When we were getting off the Quinjet," Natasha shrugged. "You were two busy gaping at the sky-whales to notice."
"Tell your whore that next time she goes to bang someone else's husband, to remember to take her panties when she leaves." She then tossed the underwear at Dante, who flinched as if he was expecting her to hurl something heavier. As soon as the underwear left her hand, Lara was turning back to get her sandwich and purse and get out of there ASAP. Unfortunately, Dante got up and followed her.
Natasha then plopped down beside them to get a better view of the TV.
555-310-2187
"Some chemicals," she shrugged. "Somewhat valuable on their own, but not as much as you might think. It is possible the thieves were planning on making a bomb, but if you wanted to do something like that, you could just pick up some fertilizer from the nearest Lowes. Why bother robbing one of the most highly-secured labs in the United States?"
"Come on, Nat," he said. "Cut the bullshit." Natasha sighed.
"Alright," he said. "I want to talk to Steve. Can we please have a minute alone?" Natasha looked away for a second, considering the request.
"No," Clint said firmly.
he thought.
. Airing out his dirty laundry in public? No, that was something he'd only do if he had a gun to his head and some whack-job's finger hovering over a button to detonate the world's complete nuclear stockpile if he refused, and even then he'd still desperately try to find another way out of the situation. None of this was lost on Carol.
He had never wanted to become like Howard. That was his worst nightmare before he discovered his real worst nightmare. Howard had been a very angry, abusive drunk. Tony could hardly recall any point during his childhood where Howard wasn't drunk. He was even certain that Howard had been drinking the night of the car accident. As much as he publicly blamed the car's breaking systems (to the point where he actually bought out the company that made the car just so he could completely redesign that model's breaks as well as many of it's other safety features) Tony knew deep in his heart that it had been Howard's fault. Even if the braking system was defective, it was ultimately Howard's decision to get behind the wheel. It was his fault. He was the reason that Tony's mother was dead, and it would take a lot to convince him otherwise. He would never forgive Howard for that, which was why Tony felt so guilty as he stared at that bar.
"I know," she said. "Beautiful right? That thing will surely fetch a pretty penny on the black market." She then gently took the necklace back from him and stuffed it back into the pocket of her shorts. "Hey, would you mind grabbing me another one of these? I'm kind of in a celebrating mood."
"Yes," he said, a slight quiver of fear in his voice.
He tried to figure out what to say as Pepper got up and rounded her desk to approach him. The only thing he could think of was "I know we're kind of fighting and avoiding a certain issue right now, but can we just not talk about it and can you help me to avoid dealing with another issue entirely?" Yeah, he had a feeling that would not fly with Pepper, especially with the concerned look she was sporting.
"No," he said. "It's not like that."
"Nothing more than me wanting to get to know the man my best friend is dating," he said. "You know, since this is really the first time, I've gotten to talk to you with nothing else going on." Steve would beg to differ on that, but at the same time he figured that Bruce, Clint, and Natasha could handle Danvers on their own, at least for a little bit. So, Steve found himself nodding.
Natasha had to get changed before they went looking, but she didn't take long. She just put a bra on and exchanged her shorts for jeans, retaining the black t-shirt she had worn to bed. Clint let Lara into his suite and put her in charge of babysitting the dog while they looked for Tony. (He also told her to take whatever she wanted from the fridge and not to worry about the cost. Given how pale she was, that was clearly the smart move.) With both of those concerns crossed out, the remaining four Avengers set off in search of their missing member.
Carol overheard some People's Unity Church Members talk about the Kree. Now, she's determined to find answers!
"To Coulson." Bruce, Thor, and Natasha followed his lead.
The first opportunity he got, Tony bailed out of the commencement party. It was, by far, one of the lesser stressful public appearances he had to put in that day (aided by the fact that most of the guests seemed to agree that the
"You too," Tony managed to force out of his mouth out of sheer politeness. He sat up further on the couch but didn't fully stand to take her hand. Some part deep down inside of him secretly hoped that if he didn't get up off the couch, he wouldn't have to go through with the appointment. It was an incredibly childish thought, but Tony couldn't help it. He got little solace from the gentle squeeze Steve gave his other hand, but not enough to completely calm his nerves. He appreciated it, nonetheless. After that, Dr. Cranston went around and introduced herself to the rest of the group before turning back to Tony.
"Good, good," Tony said. "I'm glad. Although, that means we're not going to be alone up here for a few days."
"I meant a celebrity with your reputation…" Clint didn't get to finish that sentence.
So, the decision was made to release Clint under these restrictions. It came as both a relief and worry. Relief because it meant Clint was getting better and he'd likely recover better in his own space than in a hospital. Worry because of how fragile he still was. Both of those emotions weighed on Natasha heavily.
"You're the owner of the company," Steve said. "Of all people, I'd imagine you'd be allowed to take a day off if you need it."
"Alright then," she said as she got up. "Allons-y."
"I know what you mean," Tony said. "It looks different this far out and high up."
Hill's eyes flitted back and forth between Betty and Bruce. Clearly, she hadn't made the connection beforehand.
"What look?"
As you can see, I'm kind of distracted right now, so I'm going to keep this short. Be sure to like, favorite, follow or whatever and don't forget to leave a comment or review!
On the other side of the vinyl sheet, Tony could hear a door opening and could only guess it was the doctors and nurses that were monitoring them rushing in. He climbed out of bed and laid flat on the cold laminate floor to try to peer under the sheet. No dice. A black rubber strip covered the gap between the floor and the sheet, leaving Tony unable to see anything. Annoyed, he slammed his palm against the ground and stood up. Brushing the dust off his hospital gown, he heard the other door open behind him.
"Yes."
Remember kids, everyone can always be better. You just need to keep trying.
Tony looked away and thought about it for a moment. It wasn't like he had much of a choice. Still, though, he didn't like being called out on his drinking like this, especially when it wasn't even a problem. He looked back at Lara who was waiting expectantly.
"So, that went pretty smoothly."
Wow, this author's note is lengthy and depressing. On a happier note, September 24th is the date I've set as Lara's birthday. For those curious as to how old she is, I'll say she's thirty-six at the time this chapter takes place. You can figure out how old she is in 2019 from there.
"Only if you call me Tony." Carol smiled.
"I need help," he finally got out. "Can you… Can you help me?"
"Good," Tony said. "The last thing I need right now is to get shot down by some overzealous cop. By the way, can you link me into one of the New York local stations' live feeds, audio only? Not the best way to get up-to-the-minute information, but it'll give us an idea of what we're walking into."
That was all she needed to hear. Within seconds she had bounded out of the restaurant whose Wi-Fi she was stealing and was heading to her car on the warpath to Lennox. Turns out the more traditional forms of media could be useful after all.
Sprinting out the door, Steve quickly and easily caught up with to Tony just in time to save him from tripping and falling down the stairs. Just as he had many countless times before, Steve slipped his arm around Tony's shoulders and tried to help him support himself. It was difficult but at least Steve got him standing on his own two feet. Steve glanced around for a spot where Tony could rest. The only spot that was available and not completely covered in snow was a bench that was off to the side at the bottom of the stairs. Steve sighed. It would be difficult, but he was sure he and Tony could manage it somehow.
"Are you fine with it, though?" Lara asked. "Me going to Betty's wedding?"
"It feels like it," Steve said. "It feels like that fear will never go away, no matter how much I try."
"Then why'd you try to tell me it wasn't my fault?" Clint asked.
"Do I really have a choice?" he asked.
"Nat," he said. "It's alright."
"I don't know."
"I appreciate your encouragement," he said. "But let's be realistic."
"Nothing." Lara didn't buy it.
"I'll bet," he said after swallowing.
"No," Lara said. "We'd thought we'd treat everyone to an impromptu winter hike through the city." An annoyed look crossed Freeman's face, but it disappeared as he turned to look back at Pepper.
"Conroy asked Romanoff to cover for her today." Pepper looked unperturbed.
"I…" Everhart was swiftly cut off by Freeman.
"Well," Bruce said. "If he could do that then he could achieve heavy ion fusion at any reactor on the planet."
First, P1 stood for penthouse floor one, meaning the Avengers were somehow involved with this emergency. Great. Secondly, the receptionist had called a "Code Orange." Lara couldn't remember what that was. She knew all the codes to activate emergency protocols (which were largely numeric) but their technical names eluded her.
As she got closer, she realized that the top of the fence was covered in what looked like a dark greyish stone that had translucent blue to white appearance around the edges. Being a geologist, that sparked her interest. She reached out and touched the stone, finding it to be smooth with some rough edges. Suspecting what it might be, she looked at the way it reflected the sunlight and breathed on it to see how fast the fog cleared away.
I'm still sick. I hate my body. That's all I'm going to say. Let's do this.
"You say that like it's a bad thing, Captain," Tony said as his lips rose up.
"Alright," she said. "Can we just establish this rule now? No flirting over the public comms." Tony smirked.
Slowly opening the door and peering out, Tony spotted Steve asleep on the floor next to the door. Not wanting to wake up the sleeping Super Soldier, Tony tried his best to keep the door from creaking as he slid out and gently padded over to the front door. As far as he could tell, Steve didn't stir at all before he left.
"I've been great, actually," Betty said. "I've made some big strides in my research, things are going well with Leonard, I got a new office in the renovation…" Betty seemed to freeze there. It was very easy for Bruce to put together why the university would need to do a renovation.
"Pepper…"
"I can't say for certain," Romanoff said. "I'd need more time and resources than what I can do here and now on my phone." She pressed the lock button and slid her phone back into whatever mysterious place she produced it from. "However, just a cursory search online brought up several red flags. The group is work looking into, even if they mean no harm to us, personally. I'll tell S.H.I.E.L.D. and start doing some research myself soon as we get back." Steve nodded in agreement.
Steve found himself at a gym somewhere between Midtown and Brooklyn. Whenever he got too overwhelmed with memories of his life before being trapped in the ice or his seemingly complete inability to integrate into modern life, he found himself wanting to punch something. Luckily, there was an open, yet completely empty gym that he found on his way back to his apartment. With nothing else to do and a lot of pent-up feelings of anxiety and anger he wanted to get rid of, Steve went in and paid the required amount to spend a couple of hours slamming his fists into a series of several punching bags. (All of which Steve had to pay to replace.) That's what he had been doing when Nick Fury found him.
"I'm sorry," Steve eventually said. "I just don't know what to say. This is all…"
, if you know what I mean." Salinas smirked.
"I'd lock them, but I don't have the keys," Lara said. "This is just a precaution, though. Tony couldn't have gotten far." Steve tried to take some form of assurance out of Lara's words but found difficult. Instead, he wordlessly followed her down the hall.
Tony was just as afraid of losing Steve as Steve was afraid of losing Tony. He felt confident in that fact. So no, Tony would not ask that. There was, however, a total litany of things that Tony would ask Steve if he was afraid of, though.
"Did they know before his rather alarming appearance in Stuttgart?" Again, Tony replied that he couldn't comment. Freeman cut in then.
"I second the motion," Clint added quickly.
A frown dawned on Pepper's face as her eyes grew even more concerned.
When they did, a whole parade was waiting for them. Banner, Lara, Steve, and Stark stood just outside the doors and within moments they were moving to greet them. It came as a little bit of a shock to Natasha, especially when Steve pulled her in for a quick, one-armed hug. Before he could pull away, she rushed the words out.
"Right," Cap said. "Let's get moving."
Despite that assurance, Tony couldn't bring himself to get up off the ground. He remained frozen in place. His heart kept hammering in his chest and his arms shook. For what felt like eons he remained there, eyes wide like a deer in headlights, completely unable to move.
However, Howard wasn't the only person in Tony's life who had known Steve Rogers and discussed the man behind Captain America with him. So, it wasn't all resentment Tony felt towards him. His Aunt Peggy had painted an entirely different picture of the man; one that didn't always reflect the gold-standard that Howard had presented. She told him of a man who wasn't perfect; one who stood up for what he believed in and protected those who were defenseless; how he had roped his father and Peggy into helping him sneak across enemy lines to save a number of captured POWs, including his best friend; and – perhaps most importantly of all – he was told how Steve had once thought "fondue" was a sexual act and had to be informed by Howard that it was just bread with melted cheese on it. (That still makes Tony laugh to this day.)
"I, uh," came slipping out of his mouth. "Yes…? No? I don't know." Slowly, Steve's hand started pulling him backwards.
"You remember that vision I told you about?" he asked. "The one Loke made me see?" How could she forget? Clint was forced to watch as Laura and the kids were killed in less than a minute and were forced to relive the nastier parts of Budapest. Just hearing about it was terrifying enough. She couldn't imagine being forced to watch it repeatedly. What made it even worse was that he was apparently still plagued by the vision now even months later when he was out of Loki's control.
"I think JARVIS can," Lara said. "But I'm sure Tony has a way to override him. The point would be mute."
"I only showed up that early because I was
When they finally pulled up to the building, they found that the entire Maplewood Police Department had come out to greet them. There were even people in bathrobes and pajamas, looking as though they had teleported straight from bed to the station. Luckily – as far as Natasha could tell – no members of the media had gathered. So, at least that was a relief.
"Right," he said. "Army."
"Banner?"
"Is there anything else that would be necessary for us to know?" Fury asked.
"It's a possibility I want to rule out." Steve translated that perfectly.
Getting a proper look at Tony, Steve couldn't help but be taken aback by what he saw. First, he was gorgeous with his hair clinging to his forehead thanks to the dampness of the shower and the loose-fitting plain sweats that S.H.I.E.L.D. had provided them all with. Secondly, he looked out of it. There was a fog over his eyes that he seemed to be fighting with all his strength. It didn't take long for Steve to come to the obvious conclusion – they had drugged him. That truly ticked Steve off. Nonetheless, as soon as Tony's eyes connected with his, a bright, if somewhat silly smile came across his face. That reassured him a little bit, but not much.
"Shit," she cursed, bringing a hand to her forehead. "And it's been modified to be anti-biotic resistant?"
"Likewise," Lara said. "I've heard a lot about you."
"No need," Natasha said. "As long as Loki receives sufficient punishment on Asgard, we'll consider that apology enough."
"At least tell me there's DNA or something to link a suspect to the scene," she said.
"Barton and Romanoff seem okay enough," he remarked, though he couldn't keep his mind from adding
"As far as we can tell, yes."
"I can do that," he promised. "I will."
He could feel something tight gripping his wrists. He tried to turn them just to be in a slightly more comfortable position but instead found that the leather straps were digging into his skin way too tightly. Pulling as hard as he could, Clint tried to do everything he could to break free of the restraints.
he told himself.
"Are you sure? Because we can stay and help." Steve told Tony.
"Yeah," he said. "I texted him earlier and we talked about all the stuff that happened in the last few days and he asked if I wanted him to be there on Saturday – you know, for moral support. I said yes, so he's coming over and he's going to stay the night."
"No," he said. "I don't wanna…"
"I don't know about that," she said. "I can tell a few things." Bruce raised an eyebrow.
"I could have done it, Father," he called up to Odin. "I could have done it, for you; for all of us!" Loki hadn't been expecting any sympathy, and he sure as hell didn't get it.
"You're here for the long haul, right? You're not going to abandon Tony at the first sign of trouble?" Steve was baffled as to why he would even have to ask that.
Let's play a game of Good News, Bad News, Good News, Bad News! I'll start!
The woman who had "supposedly" sent the letter was Maurita Sharpton. She was COO of New Horizons Labs – a division of Roxxon, LLC. She was also the mother of Tessa Sharpton, an eighteen-year-old newly enrolled student at Empire State University. She had been out on Park Avenue on the day of the Chitauri Invasion and had ignored the police when they asked her to evacuate the area. As a result, she had been beheaded by a Chitauri soldier. It was a little hard to feel sorry for her, though, especially when you considered the fact that the woman had resorted to bioterrorism to avenge her daughter's death.
Also, South Park is a personal favorite show of mine and I've been watching it a lot since the pandemic started (which, btw, I think was when this chapter was written.) I can see Tony liking it very easily, but I don't think Steve would like the first few seasons of the show. I think if he saw past Season 5/6 he'd end up liking it, though he would probably need Tony to explain some of the more topical episodes.
"Good to hear," Tony said. "You remembered what I said the other day, right?"
"Tell Director Fury that Protocol Charlie-Alfa-Lima-Alfa-Seven-Too-Too has been activated. I repeat Protocol Charlie-Alfa-Lima-Alfa-Seven-Too-Too has been activated. Over."
Steve had to bite his tongue to keep that thought from slipping out.
"That won't happen again," he snapped. "I won't let it."
Loki flipped the cover to the release button shut and started to walk away.
Fun fact! You can actually make fake blood out of KY Jelly! I know because that's what they use on the Walking Dead, particularly when they need to cover an actor in blood and guts so that they're not completely sticky all day.
"Going down there," Drew replied. "I need to say something." She started going down the steps. Tony noticed the way she was leaning heavily against the railing and how her free hand cradled her lower back. She made it down a few steps before Dr. Smith appeared behind her.
"I'm the one asking the questions here, missy." He punctuated the sentence by pointing at himself and Oswin rolled her eyes. "Don't roll your eyes at me. I know that's not how it went down. Do you honestly think Stark's an idiot? He had dozens of security protocols in place to keep dirty little thieves like you from breaking in and stealing his shit. You couldn't have possibly gotten around
Tony recognized her but wasn't sure how. The long dark hair and green eyes rang a bell, but the look of shock was completely out of place. Her name tag read
The realization hit him almost as hard as the semi-truck he stumbled in front of would have. Quickly stepping out of the road, Knežević quickly found a rock in the dirt of the gutter and picked it up. Holding it in his fingertips did absolutely nothing. Moving the rock to his palm caused it to change from a black piece of loose asphalt to a smother, brownish-colored rock. Amazed, Knežević ran down the road and touched the first street sign he saw. The pole, which was the part that he physically touched changed from gray metal to a yellow-green colored stone. The actual sign, which he didn't touch remained as it was. It was astounding.
"What's the strongest thing you've got?"
"It's more that my stomach feels painful and the pain will get worse if I try to eat something," Tony said. "I don't think I'm going to throw up." Steve relaxed as soon as he said that.
"So," he said. "How have the past few days been for you?" Lara gave a mirthless laugh.
"Okay," Steve nodded. On the other side of him, one of the nurses stood with a needle ready in their hands.
Tony said he'd be coming around six. That left Steve with a lot of time to kill. Agent Wylie came to check up on him a couple of times but didn't stick around long. One of the times he asked Steve what he and Tony were talking about the night before. Steve knew the agent had been listening in on that conversation, so he had to wonder whether he was asking because he wanted to hear whatever was said up front, or because S.H.I.E.L.D. knew Tony was coming and wanted details just to be prepared. Since Steve didn't know the later for a fact or whether they would be cool with it if they did (probably no to both) he just kept his answers vague, much to Wylie's clear displeasure.
"So, it won't kill me to try." Lara bit down on her lip as she tried ran the calculations through her head.
"I don't know yet," Bruce said. "Talking to Steve has given me some helpful hints, though."
"You probably should," Bruce said from the doorway. "If he has frostbite, the most important thing to do is warm him up."
"Yeah," Tony said. "We saved the world together with a team she didn't even want me on. Nothing accounts for anything here."
"No, it's still around," Rawls said. "It's not what I normally recommend, but it's a pretty damn good pain reliever for headaches and should have wiped it out. The fact that all it did was dull your symptoms, Mr. Stark, concerns me. How long ago was this?"
"You'll get them, Captain," Dr. Fox assured. "But first you rest and regain your strength. I'm going to do a quick physical examination of you; examine your eyes, ears, etc. Is that alright?"
"You don't need to worry," he said. "I'm fine." As those last two words left his mouth, Tony's face scrunched like he just tasted something sour. That told Steve all he needed to know.
"I don't think she's necessarily a threat," Natasha admitted. "At least, not purposefully out of any sort of malice, but there's still a lot of things I didn't like the sound of when she told us her story."
"I know," Tony said. "But I can push though it. I've been sick before – hell, I've been dying before – and I've still been able to put in public appearances without anyone being the wiser."
"No," Carol said. "He's probably too drunk to give us a straight answer anyways. It's best to just let him sleep it off and sober up."
"No," Pepper said. "I've been getting ready and setting things up. Why? What happened?"
"And you didn't encounter Stark again?" Hill asked.
"Okay," Dr. Cranston said, completely non-pulsed. "Then we won't talk about it." Tony's face scrunched in confusion.
Tony turned back to what he was doing on the screen. He was still going over that surveillance tape, but he was much closer now to see exactly what had happened that he was that morning. It was extremely tedious, but after rewinding and playing it repeatedly a thousand times, he could now see what looked like a female figure breaking into the locker and leaving the lab with all the chemical components on a cart. He had yet to get a clear shot of her face, but once he did…
Right, that made sense. If Pepper was in the tower, then JARVIS had access to her phone and could read text messages and compose them for her. Tony had that functionality built into the plane as well as his phone, but for privacy's sake, he was choosing not to use it.
"You see," he said. "Miss Potts here took my phone and I was trying to get it back." Pepper flushed as soon as he threw her under the bus.
"That, sir," she said. "That is just more proof to me that this is an unfit environment for these children." It took all the strength Knežević had not to smack that vaguely smug look off her face. However, she kept talking. "I also think that's more evidence for the officer behind you to give to the district attorney." Knežević looked confused for a second before he felt a pair of strong hands grab his arms and slip the cold metal of the handcuffs around his wrists.
"No," JARVIS said. "I am running facial scans to try and identify the individual, but they are wearing a S.H.I.E.L.D. uniform."
"Are you okay?" she asked softly.
"I just noticed in his personal history that there's an entire line of text that's been redacted," Steve said. "I was wondering why that was."
He told his followers that the Avengers were demons; monsters sent from across the galaxy to thwart their eternal day of reckoning; to prevent them from beginning the next phase of their cosmic journey. At first, he worried that his followers wouldn't believe it, but they ate the words up like ants with a glob of jelly. Not only did they take to that message, but others did as well. Recruitment went up to levels he had never seen before. There were a lot of people who weren't happy about what the Avengers did, particularly those who had lost people that day in Manhattan. With all that bias and grief fresh in their minds, it was easy to twist them and to manipulate them into following their teachings. Within a few weeks, the church went from struggling to healthier than ever. Adoniram almost couldn't believe it.
"You've got me," she said. "I flew straight into the Tower."
"How long?" Steve had to ask.
"It gives us plausible deniability with the World Security Council," Fury said. "It also prevents the possibility of any of them becoming compromised."
He could hear the dim hum of voices whispering as he moved through the hall, wondering why this mandatory service had been called. Adoniram did not feel the least bit guilty for what he was about to tell them. All his parishioners needed to be prepared for the worst, whether it came to pass or not. Besides, what would a dictatorship be if you didn't inject some fear into it?
"Right," Freeman agreed. "That's why if there is something you don't want to be asked about, you have to tell us now." Clint and Natasha exchanged quick looks with each other.
"Actually, yeah," Clint said.
"Sorry," she said. It was really all she could say. This was yet another moment of panic and this time she couldn't really justify it too much. Most likely, she had drifted off and her body's defensive instinct kicked in when Pepper suddenly approached her from behind. This wasn't the first time this had happened. For the past twenty-seven years she'd been trying to break herself of this habit, even going as far as seeing a hypnotherapist, but nothing worked. The best she could do was warn people she might fall asleep around not to try to wake her abruptly. Otherwise, she might attack them as if they were her mother dragging her out of bed at two in the morning to dunk her head in the toilet, because that was exactly what she thought was happening.
"Uh, you're the one who called this meeting," Natasha pointed out. "Which, by the way, you haven't told us what it's about." That made Steve's stomach drop further. He glanced over at Tony and saw that he was holding his hand out for him under the table. Steve took it without hesitation.
"I've made food for you before," he pointed out.
They all said their goodbyes and Lara stepped out of the elevator. The doors shut and everyone was able to spread out a little more now that she wasn't taking up so much space with her bags. Pepper stuck her electronic key into the elevator's control panel, and after a moment, it started going up towards the penthouse. Tony felt a tap on his left shoulder and was surprised to see Barton leaning over to whisper in his ear.
Without another word, Bruce walked out of the room, making sure to turn in the opposite direction that Hill did. This ended up leading him further down the labyrinth of hallways. Initially having just intended to take a walk to clear his head, Bruce eventually found himself lost.
"Why?" Steve asked.
"And that's seriously everything?" Tony gave Lara a hard look, but she nodded without hesitation.
Tony would be the exception, but to be honest, most of Steve's worries stemmed from him. Everything from his sexuality and mental health to his recent actions and alcoholism worried Steve, but somehow, it was worth it. Being with Tony… Falling for someone who made him feel as good as he did was worth it. Even if he didn't feel a hundred-percent happy at the time, the bits that Tony gave him meant everything. That was why he wanted to help him so bad. He wanted to be able to give back every bit of happiness that Tony gave him. He wanted him to feel happy, safe, and well…
"I know," Clint said. "I know exactly how that feels and the worst part is that fear is never going to go away." Natasha tensed. "I feel that all the time for Laura; for the kids; for
With that, the two of them pulled back. Tony shot a very displeased glare at the smirking redhead as he slid off the counter Steve had apparently pushed him up against.
Originally posted to FFN on 9/15/18.
"No need to be so formal," he said. "After all, you're practically my brother-in-law." Steve laughed, but honestly, he did not mind the idea at all.
"Yeah," Tony started to say, but he stopped himself as a regretful look crossed Pepper's face.
Steve pulled the blankets tighter around himself as he laid awake in bed. The day before, S.H.I.E.L.D. had moved him from the hospital room he was in before to a small apartment on one of the upper floors. It had all the basics; kitchen, table, chairs, bathroom, and a bed. Other than that, though, the room was completely sparse. The most high-tech thing in the room was the refrigerator, which left Steve amazed with simply the amount of food in it, which was probably a good thing. They didn't want to overwhelm him with too many modern marvels of the twenty-first century all at once.
"Yeah," Tony said. "But I don't think it was any different from anyone else's image of him; the war hero, the good old-fashioned, all-American boy…"
"Finally," Tony said. "Someone who speaks English."
"Yes, I could have," Tony said. "I could have listened to you, or Happy, or Jarvis… None of you liked him. All of you felt the need to warn me away from him, and I didn't listen."
"You're deluding yourself," Natasha scoffed.
"Still," Tony said. "You are pretty spry for an older fellow." The annoyance Steve was feeling only increased as he noticed Tony's eyes slowly travel up and down his body.
"Alright," he said. "Sounds like a… Plan."
"Trust me," Subarian said. "It is! It speeds up the rate at which the disease matures and deteriorates inside the body, making it so the person is only infected for twenty-four hours until the bug dies."
Luckily, Salinas hadn't been coming and the vial was made of thin glass, so it hadn't made a loud sound. Checking to make sure none of the shattered glass landed in the water, Jessica picked it up and gave it a quick stir with a spoon before heading out of the kitchen. Salinas met her at the threshold.
"That again?" Pepper said. "How many times do I need to tell you that you're not responsible for this?"
"It's still probably best to have the temptation out of the way." Tony sighed. As ashamed as he was, he had to admit that Steve was probably right. The conversation remained completely paused until Steve returned and sat down next to Tony. "It's gone." Tony nodded despite the pain.
"Good," Dr. Cranston returned the smile. "I promise you, you are safe here, and I am safe from any attempt from anyone to try to wiggle their way into your private life by getting to me. My husband's former Navy, my brothers are all Marines, and my sister works for the Secret Service. Out of all licensed therapists on the island of Manhattan, I'm probably the safest. You have nothing to worry about. Do you understand?" Tony nodded.
(See the end of the chapter for
He hoped the last memory he'd leave Laura with wouldn't be of a bad-quality video call.
"Maybe you're right," he said. "Maybe I do need that."
They made it through the hallway and out of the kitchen without incident. When they passed Salinas' bedroom door, Jessica could have sworn she heard him talking to someone. He was probably on the phone, but how she hadn't noticed that the first time she passed by was beyond her. Regardless, they made it past Salinas alarming him and walked out the side door. Jess thought they might be home free, but once they reached the bottom step, Stark suddenly pushed her away. She almost yelled at him, saw him double over and throw up. Jess squeezed her eyes shut.
Tony could feel his stomach sink as he recalled telling Steve when he'd just been thawed out of the ice not to let S.H.I.E.L.D. take his blood. At the time, Tony had been concerned that S.H.I.E.L.D. was going to extract the Super Soldier Serum from Steve without his knowledge. He had further explained his concerns later when Steve was in his own apartment and out from under S.H.I.E.L.D.'s thumb. Steve agreed with him and told him that's what he thought his instructions had been about, so he wasn't upset. In fact, he had obviously taken the advice to heart given how adamantly he was refusing to allow them to draw blood, but in this situation, it was posing a problem. The CDC needed blood samples from all of them. It was unavoidable. Tony walked around the curtain to see Steve giving the doctor a stern look.
Tony thought.
"How did this happen?" Bruce asked.
That's what the code came out to. Jessica had no choice but to say yes. This was one of the cases where the choice was obeying Hydra or die. Besides, she didn't think Fury would mind having one piranha taken out of the tank either.
The dollar store didn't sell jackets, though. (Well, at least not in adult sizes.) However, the cashier was helpful and directed her to the nearest Salvation Army Store. (Before you jump down Carol's throat for shopping there, she had no idea what they did.) There, she managed to find a coat that looked halfway decent and didn't smell like moth balls. After doing a better job at brushing out her hair with the hairbrush, she figured she looked okay enough to be believed.
"Is everything a joke to you?" Steve could feel his annoyance rising like someone had placed a chalkboard on his back and started running nails down it. He'd been feeling it ever since he ran into Tony in Germany, but it got better once he wasn't in the other man's presence. He couldn't explain it. Just a week before he couldn't look at Tony without breaking into a wide smile. Now the sight of him made him want to punch him out. It made no sense. Still, he just needed to get through this conversation, get the information he needed, and figure this all out for himself later. Preferably when they weren't at the precipice of a world-ending disaster. Tony couldn't make things that easy, though.
"It is," Lara said. "I threw the first punch and while that doesn't justify getting pushed down the stairs, I can't deny that it was the domino that started it all."
"You know," he said. "It's not an uncommon feeling. A lot of people are depressed and have no idea where to go. They need structure in their lives; a strong community of people to back them up. Do you have anything like that, Mr. Stark?"
"And worked at the same university."
"Miss Conroy asked me to cover for her today." Tony raised an eyebrow.
Truth be told, he wasn't afraid of being thrown into the asylum anymore. If he was deemed a danger to himself and others, they would more likely put a bullet in his head than lock him up. That, to him, was more merciful. Besides, it wasn't like anyone knew. The only person he had ever told was Peggy. If he was going to spend the rest of his life with her like he dreamed, then she had a right to know. She was understandably shocked at first, but she eventually recovered and promised not to tell anyone. He knew she would never in her life go back on her word, especially to him, so he felt safe that no one knew, and no one would ever know. Other than that, he didn't tell anyone, not even Bucky – the closest thing he had to a brother.
"He had one glass on the plane," he said. "But I think he had some before we left. I've been pushing water on him, though, and I'm going to make him take a nap as soon as we get to our room." Natasha pulled back and gave Steve a small nod. There was a worry deep in her stomach that there may be something serious going on that mixed with the memories of Stark's "last" birthday bash, but she squashed them down. It had only been two minutes. She needed to observe the situation further before she jumped to any radical conclusions.
"Twenty sweaty workmen all crowded in my private elevator," Tony said. "Explain to me how it wasn't your fault."
"What is it, then?" Rhodes shrugged.
"Fun," Carol said. Tony could see in the way Natasha's expression kept hardening that she didn't appreciate the vagueness. For Carol's sake, Tony just wanted to fill in all the blanks as to what happened, but at the same time, he knew he probably shouldn't. It didn't take a genius to figure out that they were keeping the story vague and not mentioning Agent Drew for a reason. Honestly not wanting to deal with Fury's rage now (or do anything to make the already horrible situation worse) Tony stayed quiet for once.
"But is that any way to live your life?" Things were quiet for a moment as Bruce seemed to consider her question. He didn't get a chance to answer, though, as someone decided to take advantage of the lull in their conversation.
