I need to get to Sherlock immediately. They’ve used his previous crew to manipulate Mycroft and I. He’s so focused on saving Sherlock’s arse that he can’t see what’s happening right here in England! I’ll warn him, bring him in to stop this madness, and if saving the crown isn’t enough then I’ll testify that I’m the daemon he needs to be free of prosecution. I would die ten times for him.
An hour later and they were boarding the Tobias Redbeard where it had been switched to a different dock during the new moon. They swarmed it and met up with the remnants of the crew who were still loyal to the former Admiral Holmes. They pulled to and the ship was soon slipping dock as silently as possible, their movements at a crawl. When they reached the point where they could pull to port they tightened the sails and put out full ahead. They were almost free when someone spotted them and shouts broke out. A few moments later and the cannons were going off. They were the land bound sort and could easily blow them to bits at twice the distance of ship-mounted canons.
It was adorable watching John posture throughout the day. He didn’t seem to understand that he’d won the respect and even adulation of the crew, so he was still behaving warily around them while they struggled to impress the man who took a punishment for one of them, not to mention stood up to their captain and survived. Meanwhile he completed the more urgent of the cabin boy assignments Sherlock gave him and then stomped over with a determined look.
“Come along doctor!” Sherlock shouted, unable to keep his amusement out of his voice, “You have a patient to see!”
John gave it an attempt but it didn’t come off well. A bit of more water and he managed to croak out his name.
John must have looked confused because Holmes launched into an explanation, “You’re wearing a lovelock. It’s considered fashionable, so you might be doing it for that reason, but judging by your speech pattern you’re more of a traditionalist than a man of fashion. Clearly you’re from a long line of doctors, making your skill more questionable as you only went into it because it’s what was supposed to be your career rather than a passion or even a longing to prove yourself. It’s hideous, by the way. I prefer my doctors well trimmed.”
No one called Sherlock ‘Freak’ anymore. ‘Demon’ was far more accurate. ‘Terror’ also applied. The loyal stayed, but there were those who deserted. In fact there were so many who deserted that soon there were only enough crewmen for one ship. That at least improved the situation somewhat because Lestrade and Donovan could take turns reining him in while they were all on
“Hmm, perhaps,” Sherlock mused, “At least now that we are certain what we are dealing with we have a way to treat him. He’ll take a while to recover, and he is still in danger of going into shock, but I think he’ll pull through.”
Sherlock gestured to the three women who hurried forward with light laughter and a parcel apiece. They found laps to sit in as well. John’s bag was thrown onto the boat. The boat was shoved to and John buried his nose in Sherlock’s curls as the familiar sway of water beneath wood left him heady with joy. He hummed lightly as he nuzzled Sherlock’s ear and held his lover’s waist tightly. His feet one forward and one back, his lover in his arms again, the scent of the sea as the spray soaked him through, and he was soon singing lightly as the men hoisted them aboard. When he made it to the deck he broke out into full song, one arm raised to greet his compatriots.
, Mycroft whispered, removing the cross from around his neck as well. He pressed a kiss to it and laid it over the envelope. Then he stood and went to his closet, changing into a very old pair of clothing that he had not worn since he had pulled his family name up from ‘country squire’ to the high title it now retained. His wig he left on the stand by his mirror along with his make up. He wouldn’t need either where he was going. Mycroft donned his most comfortable and efficient shoes, armed himself with two pistols and a sword, and headed down to the dungeons with a forged paper in hand.
“Indeed,” Sherlock smiled fondly and opened a small box that he drew from within his desk. From it he withdrew a small metal seal meant for dipping in wax to close envelopes, “My family crest.”
That was true and John closed his eyes as his traitorous cock twitched at the memory, “I’m sore. I’m tired. I’m still healing. You’re confusing me. I’d have never betrayed Mary like this under different circumstances.”
“It’s not that,” John worried, “It’s that I’ve been half starved and… look, I don’t know I’d last the night.”
jewels as well, using the man’s wife’s key to break into the rooms. He broke open the lockbox and sorted through it till he found a few rings he liked. He decided he’d choose
“Yes. Off,” Sherlock frowned, staring around himself as he absorbed all the details of the men’s lives… or whatever it was Sherlock usually deduced, “You’ll be meting out punishments as you see fit from now on.”
Sherlock stood slowly, slipping his sword free, “I thought I was as well, but as it turns out I am far from being one of them. Lestrade, find a way to transport John. He will die at home, in my cabin. Not on this filthy blot on the map.”
Greg grinned as he tugged his breeches up, tucked in his shirt, and fastened his belt. The gorgeous woman draped across the bed was stirring and he wanted to see the happy, sleepy look on his face. Molly sighed and rolled over, stretching like a cat. Greg sat on the edge of the bed to adjust his stockings and buckle his shoes while she smiled up at him.
“How is it a betrayal of a woman who is married to another man?” Holmes scoffed, “And we can rarely change our circumstances, though you have admirably done so aboard this ship. You
I wasn’t able to woo my way back into his chambers that night, and the guilt of having been forced to abandon him to his misery alone was distressing enough that I lost sleep as well. This time he was the one to enter and comfort me, pulling me into his arms and pressing my head to his chest. I fell asleep listening to his heartbeat, soothed by the sway of the ship like the gentling of a loving mother. I understood then that there would be times when he simply needed my company, or to be held, or to be pampered in a way that had nothing to do with sexual release.
“This is what you wanted, isn’t it?” Sherlock groaned, petting John’s hair and offering him more water. John’s eyes opened weakly again and then fell shut again. They were glazed and disoriented.
“I’m… sure I don’t know,” John replied, glancing at Sherlock for help. He folded his arms and gave John a look that he interpreted as ‘if you can’t take it don’t dish it out’.
“I’ll die if I don’t have someplace warm and dry to sleep tonight,” Watson informed him, his voice strong despite the fear behind it.
Sherlock held out a ribbon for him and John eagerly knelt so it could be wrapped around his eyes and tied at the back. Once Sherlock was certain his vision was totally hidden he moved across the floor and John listened as he opened a chest. The rustle of fabric and clink of metal. John’s hopes were twisted up in his chest. He wanted Sherlock desperately. He was longing and aching for him. He was already hard and leaking in his loincloth. He wished he were tied up and helpless for Sherlock’s brutal punishment of his past behaviour, but it was entirely possible the man wasn’t planning on giving him what he wanted. Perhaps he could at least get what he needed. John didn’t expect to climax that night. Sherlock might not allow it. Not yet. That was when John recalled he hadn’t washed himself out. He opened his mouth to inform Sherlock of such, but a clearing of his throat had him coming to attention.
“Usually I do,” Holmes replied, “Sometimes it’s… unclear. Usually it’s little things like the soap, but I’m always waiting for it to be something big.”
. Now he saw a third. When he nodded towards it one of the men grinned and replied with a salacious wink.
“You don’t have a temper, you’re the coolest head I know. Creepily so. A flair for the dramatics sure, but…”
It was a month before everything was prepared for their assault on Tortuga. December meant the end of hurricane season but the beginning of the coldest weather in most countries. The boats all moved slower as some icebergs could drift down far enough to send a ship straight to the ocean floor.
Dimmock answered that question by giving him a casual wave and heading off to dinner, leaving John to stare at an empty future he wanted no part in.
“He’s getting away!” John shouted, putting on a fake Dutch accent. He waved down several crewmen who bolted into his boat and immediately began hurriedly setting the sails. So busy were they that it took time for one to look at John’s face, and once he had John dispatched him quickly and silently, slitting his throat and shoving him overboard.
“Then say what you bloody mean!” Greg replied, his body relaxing a bit as the ship settled properly.
“The flannel bin, they’re useless for anything save that,” Holmes replied, resuming his fainting pose.
John laughed at the nickname and the room fell to silence as John lay waiting for Sherlock to approach.
“They’ve brought their possessions with them,” John told him with a broad grin, “What they have and what they own.”
Sherlock flipped it open, “Some form of shorthand, no doubt. I’ll decipher it. Perhaps it will tell us what befell him to leave him in this state. He’s much dehydrated. I’m still not certain if he drank the water or not, but I think perhaps he heeded the warnings. I will operate under that assumption until symptoms develop. Water with a bit of lemon and honey in it will help him recover quickly. Then some chicken broth if he keeps that down.”
Holmes knelt down and grasped his hair, pulling his head up until it hurt and John was forced to shut his eyes against the noonday sun. He leaned forward and whispered harshly into John’s ear.
. You see, Watson,” Sherlock stood and moved into the doctor’s space, “This crew risks it’s life day in and day out, but they feel
John nodded still thinking of how he’d patched up nearly the entire crew of the other ship, but there had only been about four injuries to their own crew.
Sherlock wasn’t expecting Dr. Watson to come slamming into his cabin unannounced and unsolicited, yet there he was standing on his rug and fuming at him. He was pale still, which was to be expected after the state they’d found him in, but a bit of colour had ridden to the occasion. Sherlock decided to humour the man and put his map aside to give him his full attention.
“Come here.”  Sherlock stepped forwards, and as soon as he was within range, John reached out for Sherlock’s hips, pulling him forwards to straddle one of John’s thighs.
His third heat was stronger still; he had broken down and begged Sherlock to please do something.  Sherlock’s response had been to flee the flat without a word and send Mike Stamford, red-faced and puffing, to John.
John looked up at that, blushing a little.  He couldn’t take his jeans off in front of Sherlock; as unlikely as it seemed, he was already starting to get aroused at Sherlock’s gentle ministrations, and taking his jeans off would only make that worse.  John couldn’t bear the thought that Sherlock would be faced with evidence of John’s desire so quickly after being scared off, so he decided the only thing for it would be to clean the wound himself.
Sherlock and John talk about their shared past, and start to deal with the consequences of their bonding...
Since he had been back in the UK, John had tried to find an Alpha to help him out, even going so far as to try the online matching services.  It had gone well to start with; he’d found someone who seemed to all intents and purposes to be compatible with him.  They had shared a love of music, read many of the same books, and John had recommended some that Matt hadn’t read, but had instantly fallen in love with, buying the author’s complete works.  They laughed together too, over stupid re-runs of Top Gear, or the bad “dad jokes” Matt’s dad emailed to him, which he then told John.  All had been well until John had texted Matt that his heat was starting.  Matt had dropped everything and come running, as promised, and John had been looking forward to having someone to share his heat with at last. Matt had only taken two steps into John’s bedroom before his face twisted into a grimace, and he had covered his mouth and nose with the crook of his elbow and run.  John had received a text two days later, saying that Matt didn’t feel they were compatible after all, and any attempts to contact him had been fruitless.  John suspected Matt had blocked his number, but he couldn’t imagine why.  That had been the first day he had pulled the gun from the drawer, and tried to find a reason not to use it.  Since then, John’s heats had been sad and lonely affairs, conducted by himself in the privacy of his bedsit.  He didn’t even try to find someone to share his life with any more, the few days of fun wasn’t worth the crippling agony of rejection when another heat hit him.
“Sherlock? Sherlock!” John called after Sherlock, struggling to get up out of the seat, but he had already gone, and seconds later, John heard the slam of the door to 221 Baker Street.  He finally managed to get up out of the seat, but felt a sharp pain as he did that caused him to drop back into his seat, and a rush of fluid that told him his waters had broken – it seemed that the movement had started his labour.  An intense contraction had him crying out sharply, and the pretty waitress came rushing over, realising immediately what had happened.
He followed John down the corridor and into the office, throwing himself into a chair at John’s invitation.  “You’re bored,” John stated flatly.  “It’s only a matter of time until you really get yourself in trouble, and this is your last hope – after that it’s prison.  Is that what you really want?”  Sherlock swallowed hard.  “Of course I’m bored, people are so stupid!  I can’t imagine what it’s like in their funny little brains!  I don’t want to go to prison, but I don’t know what else to do, sometimes I think I’ll go insane from boredom!”
“What did you do that for?” asked John as Sherlock stuck his arm out into the road to catch the attention of a passing taxi.
“I don’t have a medical degree, and it’s Sherlock, Mr Holmes is my brother,” Sherlock scoffed.  It was funny how a particular turn of phrase could evoke the strangest of memories, he made it a point never to be referred to by anyone as ‘Mr Holmes’.  Mycroft had his uses, but wasn’t somebody Sherlock chose to spend time with if he could help it, nor with anyone who felt Mycroft was someone that THEY wanted to spend time with.  “Then if it’s all the same to you, Sherlock, I’ll use MY medical degree to continue your medical examination.  Could you remove your coat, scarf, jacket and shoes, please?  And just pop on the scales when you have, I need to record your height and weight,” the doctor replied.
“You’ll have plenty of chips by the end of today,” Holmes replied confidently, “I’ll deduct this from it.”
“If it’s what I think it is, it’s not contagious,” John replied, “Mr. Wilkes, describe your diet to me.”
“I’ve been more involved than you could ever imagine,” Mycroft stated, then rapped on the door and quickly left.
John had to admit he had not. The stove had suspended metal baskets that twisted and shifted to hold the pot over the flames without the contents spilling. The space was tiny and included a trundle bed hidden beneath the outer counter where the cook slept.
Sherlock spun around, bringing his sword up just in time to knock a knife out of the doctor’s hands. John shouted in alarm and the doctor flung the contents of his pipe in Sherlock’s face. Blind and screaming in pain, he staggered back while throwing his sword up to defend himself. He had little chance to avoid a quick blow from a secondary weapon in this low-ceilinged room without use of his eyes and he knew it, but then he heard several loud thumps and a gurgling sound as if someone were choking.
Finally the messenger arrived again and he had a shipman’s sack over his shoulders. Sherlock stilled and narrowed his eyes.
“Well, I’ve spent months missing you inside of me,” John replied, “Perhaps if you wish to reward me some day, but… please, Sherlock. My Lord. All I want is your length inside of me.”
Mycroft folded up his lengthy two page letter full of apologies and ass kissing, added in the missing pages of John’s journal, and sealed it with his signet ring. Then he removed the ring and placed it down on the table. He was about to become what disgusted and enraged him the most, but he was going to do it in order to protect his king, country, and little brother.
it,” Sherlock exclaimed, getting into Greg’s personal space the way he usually did when he was excited, “It was fun hitting the others, but it always felt
First Mate Victor Trevor knelt down to lower his trousers and bare his bottom to the air. John flushed in horror and then shouted in surprise as flogger came down on his backside, the sting registering first and then the bruising ache afterwards. John told himself to breathe through the abuse, reminding himself over and over again that this was better than a whip. Then he felt it; a tightening in his loins. Once he noticed it his body took that as the go ahead and started pumping blood south while John gasped and swore in horror. His cock was hard and leaking by the time the tenth lash fell and John shouted for the second time as it began to throb and twitch with each harsh strike. From the angle he was at he doubted anyone could see his erection, but John was oddly certain that Holmes was aware of it. The only consolation he had was that the need in his member was distracting him from the pain growing in his backside. He vaguely noted that Holmes was up to twenty and starting to sound breathless.
“Yes, I’m happy like dis,” Xe smiled down at him as xe collected xyr kit, “I may not have de body I want, but I have de respect and de love of mine life. I have a future.”
“I can’t wait to see your tattoo fully healed. It will be at least a week before you can uncover it. I plan to coat you in ink, my dearest. Will you let me?”
I can’t help but think of a particularly wonderful moment we had together, one that inspired this mornings release. We’d just left a port and hit a rather dull spot. No wind to speak of. Most of the crew got pretty damn cranky and Sherlock was the leader of the grump. Lestrade refused to come over to calm him down and Sal just laughed when I pleaded with her for assistance and then told me to get him off.
John woke in his old bedroom after many days of fever and many weeks of miserable travel. He had recovered quickly in the Spanish settlement in Florida, but they hadn’t waited until he was completely well before shipping him straight to Virginia. He’d been shaky when he’d arrived and his mother had fretted and put him straight to bed. She told him she barely recognized him, that even his eyes looked different. Then she told his father and brother to stay out of his room.
John stepped back, pulling out of Sherlock’s wanting arms, and dropped to his knees. He folded his hands in supplication, love and longing in his eyes.
Sherlock was dizzy. All the blood seemed to have drained from his head and dropped into his feet. He sank to the deck and gripped the rails with white-tipped fingers as the world swam around him.
Holmes was silent for a moment and John wondered if he’d left without being heard, but then he began to whisper to him in the darkness.
Some posh bastard with a fancy waistcoat and red wig with an attitude the size of the bloody Pacific has waylaid me. He’s decided that I can’t go to Tortuga because
Sherlock came around me and lifted my head, his motions so careful so as not to muss up the mess he’d left of the flesh on my back. He pressed his cock into me and a few slow thrusts against my scream-raw throat had him spilling himself. He sobbed out his release, something that I had never heard. I was mystified. Alarmed. Overwhelmed. In love.
“Can’t eat apples,” He replied with a headshake, “They make my mouth swell up. Nearly killed me when I was a babe.”
John thought over what he knew of the ship and other ships out there performing similar tasks. As far as he was aware, Holmes’ ships had the lowest amount of casualties of any seafaring vessel outside of merchant ships. They only engaged in hand to hand when necessary and there had been few injuries or sicknesses beyond the norm even before Dr. Hope was taken on; Holmes’ methods
‘How… how bad is it?’ I asked him, wishing I were mentally stable enough to scream at him about what he’d just done instead of wondering what it looked like and how he was so captivated by it.
His supplies were where he’d left them and he hurried to prepare himself both inside and out. Once he had his body ready he returned to Sherlock and lay across his bed on his stomach. His eyes followed as Sherlock paced the room. He was tall for the dress and it danced a foot above the floor.
The sky chose that moment to open up on them, rain crashing down. Sherlock was unflustered though his brother sputtered and fled for the inner parts of the ship. Instead he stripped off his soiled and filthy clothing, casting them overboard and raising his voice to challenge the thunder that shook the ship.
Sherlock studied him and considered a moment before stepping back into the center of their small room. John thought he was going to sit back in the swing again, but he ignored it. Instead he put his hands out on either side of his body.
Three men stood up eagerly, ready to take their sadness over John out on Moriarty. He bolted but didn’t make it far. He was a man of intellect, not strength. He was easily overpowered and Sherlock watched silently as Lestrade and Victor carefully loaded John into a wheelbarrow that had hopefully
He turned on his bare feet and strode out the door with a swagger that wasn’t lost on the fuming John Watson. He was ready to scream obscenities at the man, but he was too weak and was asleep almost immediately from the sheer exhaustion of having to speak and the emotional drain of finding himself in a slightly nicer prison.
The men were aiming the cannon to sink the boat and Sherlock was watching with boredom plastered on his face. They would have finished it off then, but the angle was wrong so the caravel made it into port before they could kill them off. Sherlock pulled out his glass and held it to his eye. Then he froze, his gut wrenching as if a knife had been plunged into his bowels.
in order to fill up his debt bag. The sailors might not have known it was intentional, but they started avoiding him. So he made this fellow
Sherlock paused as Sherlock came around the fisherman’s shop at a near run. He was winded but grinning from ear to ear, and three beautiful young women were following behind him. Sherlock holstered his second pistol and riding crop and put his arms out for the young man. Sherlock didn’t hesitate. He ran past the shocked, judgemental gaze, and flew into Sherlock’s arms.
Mungo’s was crowded, for the most part the clientele were exclusively male, despite the fact that Mungo’s was not a gay club.  There was the odd sprinkling of female couples, and even fewer hetero couples.  John parked himself at the bar and ordered a pint, Sherlock asked for a white wine spritzer.  John couldn’t help thinking that if Sherlock was deliberately trying to imply that they were a couple, that drink was a pretty fast way of doing it.
That made what happened after Christmas even more difficult.  Sherlock had returned miraculously after more than two years away, and after a small discussion between John’s forehead and the bridge of Sherlock’s nose, they had fallen back into their old ways, John leaving work at the drop of a hat to chase all over London with Sherlock.  Then Mary had shot Sherlock, and John had nearly lost him again.  Clinically dead for four minutes, the surgeons had told John, before his heart had inexplicably restarted, and Sherlock had begun the long journey back to health.  He had told John that Mary had performed surgery; she had aimed to hit him in a spot that would not cause any complications.  The fact that there had been complications, Sherlock said, was just bad luck; he’d moved the wrong way at just the right time.  Sherlock hadn’t told John that the reality of the situation was somewhat different; Sherlock’s move had been what resulted in an accidentally dangerous shot, rather than a definitely fatal one.
texting Sherlock whenever he needed the detective’s input.  If John’s reply meant Greg would have to put up with Sherlock on his own, he made sure the case was at least an eight, or failing that, he just waited for John to be free.
The next few days followed a similar pattern; John spent most of his time resting on the sofa, snuggled up with Alex, while Sherlock continued his research.  In the evenings, Sherlock cooked - John had been even more surprised and amazed at this development - and they discussed what Sherlock's research had thrown up.  There hadn't been anything of note really, a few older articles setting out the processes, then more recent articles detailing the blood chemistry, of both the Omega and the Alpha, as studied after bonding had taken place, and finally very few describing the neurochemical changes in the brain at the moment of bonding - those were very recent, since it was so difficult to study the neurochemistry at the actual moment of bonding due to the fact that until recently most doctors had been Alphas, and there was an obvious problem with trying to get an Alpha close enough to a bonding Omega to study them without their Alpha turning feral, or the Alpha doctor attempting to join in or even overpower the bonding Alpha.
“Why were you kissing that man in Mungo’s?”  Sherlock couldn’t look John in the eye as he asked the question, instead darting flicking glances between John and his own knees.
Sherlock followed Dr Watson down the corridor, admiring the way his arse flexed with every step.  They entered his office – neat, sparse, Sherlock didn’t like the emptiness of it, he felt it could do with a few more interesting books and if not a whole skeleton, then a skull would brighten up the place no end – and Sherlock took the empty chair next to the desk.  The dragon lady entered again and dropped a form on the desk, Sherlock recognised it as the one he had brought with him.  She left a cup of tea next to it – Sherlock was disgruntled to realise it was intended for the doctor, not him – and left the room, closing the door behind her.
John sighed, glanced at the clock on his desk, and buzzed his first patient of the day in.  The morning was the usual round of malingerers, coughs, small children with rashes, with only one interesting case to bring a marginal amount of relief, a young man with some interesting symptoms and a history of foreign travel necessitating a consultation with the Hospital for Tropical Diseases.  John was an efficient worker, and had seen all of the patients on his list 30 minutes before surgery was due to finish, so as he usually did, wandered out to the office to see if there were any emergency patients he could see to lighten his colleagues’ load.
Sherlock fussed around him, tucking pillows and blankets in, virtually trapping John in a woolly cocoon, until he roused enough to say, "Sherlock, what the hell?" and was released a little.  John reached out for Alex, and Sherlock carefully tucked him into the crook of John's arm, moving a pillow underneath his elbow to help support Xander's head.  John let out a loud sigh, and snuggled his nose into the soft downy hair on the top of Alex's head, and the pair of them promptly fell asleep.
“I’ve narrowed it down to two people, but it depends what vehicles they have access to.  I should be able to let you know in the morning.”
They sat together for an hour, before Mycroft said he ought to be going, and handed Alexander back to Sherlock.
He had only had to declare war on the fridge once more since then, and as Sherlock had come rushing into the kitchen just after he had started, the fridge had been reorganized very quickly, with Sherlock even going so far as to clean out the inside with bleach, disinfectant, and hot water.  John only had to rustle a couple of bin bags for Sherlock to come running now.
“Of course Mark, I was planning to go for a walk anyway, won’t be too much trouble to take Jilly with me!  What do you want me to do once I’ve walked her?”
“Well…. You told me I was bait, I was just making sure I didn’t stick out… I mean, I didn’t know if he was the guy we wanted or not, did I?”
The two of them had been in Tallinn for three days now, staying at the Vana Wiru hotel just inside the wall of the Old Town, and John had been showing Sherlock all of his favourite locations.  They had taken a meandering walk through Tallinn to the beautiful Alexander Nevsky Cathedral; they had looked out over the city from the top of the old city wall, and John had explained to Sherlock that the nickname of the watchtower, Kiek in de Kök, in fact meant “Peep into the Kitchen”, rather than a painful method of persuading people not to invade the old city.  They had eaten in Balthasar’s, the garlic restaurant, where virtually everything on the menu came with garlic, including the beer.  They had been to The Olde Hansa, and eaten wonderful dishes and gotten tipsy on berry schnapps and honey beer.
Sherlock had to tear his eyes away from the baby when he became aware of John’s weight leaning on his arm.  He was sleeping, but looked pale and sweaty, and Sherlock was sharply reminded of how much John had suffered during the birth.  He finished feeding Alexander, brought him up onto his shoulder and gently patted his back until he brought up a large burp.  “Just like your Daddy, Alexander,” Sherlock muttered quietly, and gently tucked the sleepy baby back into his bassinet.
John was starting to get fed up with this pregnancy; the eight months since Sherlock had dropped the bombshell on him had been both the loveliest and most frustrating months of his entire life.  Sherlock had been so attentive that John had hardly been able to do anything for himself.  Initially it had been fantastic; Sherlock was usually very self-centred, so to be the sole focus of his attention had been amazing.  The novelty had worn off, however, when a month later Sherlock had peremptorily decreed that John would no longer be going to work but instead staying home and resting.  John had stormed out of the flat to grab a cab in to work, only to find that none of them would take him, Sherlock having paid off all of the drivers in the area.  He had phoned Sarah at the surgery to explain that he would be a little late, as he would have to catch the Tube in, only to be told that they were not expecting him; Sherlock had already given his notice on his behalf over a month ago.  John had been furious, but since Sarah had already replaced him, there was little he could do.
Greg threw his head back and laughed.  “Is that what all this is about? For a genius, Sherlock, you really are an idiot! John needs YOU, he’s been on his own apart from the Beta midwives the whole time, Mycroft says he’s in a bad way… Sherlock, he needs his Alpha, you have to get up there!”
He devoured what his tortured stomach could handle and then headed aft to the captain’s cabin. This time he knocked and the berk opened the door with a big fake grin and gestured for him to enter as if he were a butler.
“Stay calm,” John spoke softly, “I’m going to clean up your face, but I need to get some clean water first. Do
“I don’t know,” John panted, his neck and scalp throbbing, “I’ve tried to pull my weight! I was just looking for a place to sleep last night, but they kept laughing at me.”
he would have liked to see, but he was afraid to face him. After all he’d heard about the evils of sodomy here lay his son, the sodomite. Add to that the fact the bed was too still and John was left all but weeping for the ocean once more.
The man nodded weakly and John peeled down his stockings to show Sherlock what looked like hundreds of tiny bruises, some merging to form larger ones.
The reader was giving John some trouble; he wasn’t blatantly defiant, but instead did what he was required to do with the absolute minimum of effort, and a terminally bored expression on his pale face.  What was worse, though, was that he seemed to have an inexhaustible supply of energy; where the other lads had dropped to the ground panting after their 20 laps round the parade ground, the reader had lounged lazily against the wall in the shade, waiting for the next instruction with a smirk on his rosebud lips.  John suspected the tried and tested methods employed by the boot-camp were not going to work well here; they were based on knocking down dodgy foundations of low self-esteem and lack of self-respect, then building each young man up into a stronger person, with skills he could be proud of, and a determination to do something good.  Unfortunately, the reader seemed to have enough self-esteem and self-confidence for the entire group, and John suspected he would not respond well to anyone trying to break that down and rebuild it.  Most of these lads had gotten in trouble, John knew, because they felt like they didn’t belong; getting into trouble gave them a gang of fellow troublemakers that to all intents and purposes became their family.  An incredibly dysfunctional family, one that was about as bad for them and their future as it was possible to be, but a feeling of family nevertheless.  The reader didn’t seem the type to need a sense of belonging, and John resolved to learn a bit more about him.
As Sherlock approached the door of the boutique, it opened, and a young man with a large bushy beard and neatly trimmed blonde hair opened the door and embraced Sherlock, who stepped back quickly.
Xander chose this moment to decide it was time for lunch, so Sherlock quickly prepared his bottle, testing the heat of the milk on the inside of his wrist, and tucked himself into his chair, feeding Xander.  When Greg returned, he sat back down on the sofa and turned to Sherlock.
“Do you want another?” Greg asked, hoping against hope that John would say no; he knew John had a shift at the clinic early the following morning as he’d said as much.  With any luck, John would turn him down, and they could both go back to their homes and crash.
-Please let me know if you need anything, those little Danish butter biscuits you’ve been craving, new clothes that fit over your bump, kidnapping…-
Sherlock sat back on his heels, a look of profound hurt on his face at John’s words.  He stood up stiffly, a mask dropping into place over his features, and he turned on his heel, sweeping out of the café.
John had immediately started to research on his laptop; looking at everything to do with bonding, both research from the UK and from abroad.  He looked at the processes – they seemed straightforward enough, the Alpha bit the Omega on the bonding gland, which released certain chemicals into the Omega’s bloodstream.  The bite was consummated by sex, as it released other neurochemicals into the Omega’s bloodstream which bound both with each other, and with the Omega’s brain structures, and Bob was your uncle.  He looked at research on the specifics of the neurochemicals involved, to see what the most recent thinking had to say on delayed consummation of a bond bite.  He discovered that mostly for bonding to take place, the bite had to occur during sex.  However, in a few cases, it hadn’t been necessary for the bite and the sex to happen at the same time, but as long as the bite came first, a gap of a couple of hours had resulted in bonding.  As he had continued to read, John had discovered that the gap itself was rare enough, but nowhere in any of the literature had there been a gap anywhere near as long as the one between Sherlock and John’s bite and the sex.
On their return to London, Sherlock had stayed in touch with Mrs Hudson, and after the FBI had determined exactly how much of her late husband’s estate she could inherit, Mrs Hudson had discovered she had just about enough money to buy a property on Baker Street, and promptly offered a flat to Sherlock at a discounted rate.  Even at a discounted rate, however, London was still pricy, and Sherlock had mentioned to Mike Stamford that he needed to find a flatmate.  And that was where the confusion had started.
Tears leaked from John’s eyes, and it was all Sherlock could do to stay still, almost vibrating on the floor.  “There won’t be any risk, Sherlock, I’ve never had a proper heat!  If my friendship means anything to you at all, for God’s sake, please help me!”
“Afghanistan. Sorry, how did you know...?”  At that moment, a petite young lady in a lab coat came in with a cup of coffee; John could smell it from where he stood and it reminded him of the stuff that came out of the percolator in his student digs.  It was always as thick and as black as tar because nobody could ever agree on whose turn it was to clean the thing out.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” John growled, his voice thick with lust, and he stalked across the office to where Sherlock was standing.  Sherlock grinned, remembering the last time John had asked that question.  He poked the wire into the lock at the top of the filing cabinet, eyes never leaving John’s.  He smirked as he wiggled the wire, knowing full well the lock would not open and the files would be safe.  John grinned back; he understood the game Sherlock was playing, and he was more than happy to play along.
Sherlock’s initial reaction was confusion, then curiosity, then fear and frustration.  He had managed for over thirty years to remain removed from the messy world of procreation, and within a few days of meeting his new flatmate, Sherlock was beginning to find his transport was rebelling against him.  He couldn’t explain why he detested allowing John to leave the flat, the mere thought of him out on the streets of London by himself was repellant to Sherlock.  Almost every day now he was waking with a hot and hard erection, willing them away was getting more and more difficult; he had even had to resort to wanking in the shower on a few occasions, after John had left the flat.  He had finally begged Mycroft to find him something to do out of the country so he could get a few days’ relief, and that was when John’s first heat had come on.  Mycroft, of course, had taken advantage of Sherlock’s begging and spun it in such a way that Sherlock now owed him another couple of favours, never mind that he had solved a particularly thorny problem for him.
“So what are we going to name him?” John’s voice interrupted his thoughts.  “We can’t just keep calling him ‘the little one’, or ‘the baby’, he needs a proper name.  What do you think of David?”  Sherlock considered for a moment, and then wrinkled his nose.
Sherlock groaned, shaking with the effort of staying still. “You say that now John, but what about the risk?”
As is Sherlock's new dating service, apparently, since he's decided that Molly is incapable of finding herself a new beau and he's going to do it for her - including interviews for all the potential applicants - I can imagine that's going to go well…
“I am not going out dressed like this!” John yelled.  “Find me something else – something I’ll wear – or you’re going by yourself!”
Dr Watson worked quickly, never asking a question unless the answer was not available to him via Sherlock’s records; Sherlock appreciated his efficiency.  Before long, it was time for the physical examination to begin.  “Take a seat on the couch there, Sherlock, if you would.”  Dr Watson turned to grab a pair of latex gloves, and Sherlock drew in a sharp breath, knowing the assumption he would draw.  It would be a matter of another couple of indrawn breaths in the right places to ensure that Dr Watson revised his initial assumption and started thinking along the same lines as Sherlock, so when he heard Dr Watson snap on the gloves, he hissed inwards again.
Sherlock looked coldly at Anderson, saying, “there’s no need Captain, Anderson was the thief.  It’s obvious from the new designer glasses he’s wearing.”
Sherlock’s hands were gentle, and that wasn’t helping John’s problem.  He almost wished Sherlock would be rougher, as that would help him focus more on the pain of the injury, rather than the ghosting touches that did nothing more than make John’s cock rock hard.  Sherlock had finished cleaning all the grazes, but continued to gently dab at John’s thigh, cleaning non-existent dirt from his wound.  Finally he looked up at John, his eyes heavy-lidded, pupils dilated, and in a gravelly voice asked, “John, can I… can I kiss you?”
The next couple of months passed with neither man admitting to himself the strength of his desire to be with the other.  John still left to work at the clinic, although he didn’t mention to Sherlock that he had greatly reduced the number of hours he worked, and Sherlock pretended not to notice.  For his part, Sherlock had decreed that the money earned from private cases should be split between the two of them. When John protested, saying that Sherlock put far more work into them than he did, they negotiated, finally agreeing that their living expenses – rent, food, utilities and cab fares - should be taken from the case money, with the remainder being Sherlock’s to spend as he liked, and John should use his wages from the clinic for his own personal expenses.  That was what had allowed John to reduce the amount of hours he worked without being financially penalised, which pleased both of the men, although neither of them said so.
John was fascinated by the book; it wasn’t the most literary tome he had ever read, but it was what his Dad would have called a ‘ripping yarn’, funny and fast moving enough that he went through it in a matter of hours.  He left it in his bedroom when he went into work the next day, and found himself thinking it over in between runny noses, rashes and prescriptions for HRT.  John didn’t have the luxury of a chance encounter on a bus to prompt him to change his ways, but (he reasoned) he was an intelligent man, capable of making up his own mind, and he was fed up with being unhappy.  At twenty-seven minutes past three on a Thursday afternoon, John Hamish Watson decided he would say ‘Yes!” more.  More specifically, he decided, he would accept every invitation he was offered for the next month, any time someone asked him if he could do something for them – providing it wasn’t
Sherlock had replied to his text,  and John had reluctantly acknowledged the wisdom of his words.  Harry had done a pretty good job of caring for him, but John had still felt drained and confused when he had returned to Baker Street.
“John, your journal!”  John spun around, seeing that the journal had finally caught alight, and was burning merrily on the carpet next to the hearthstone.  He rushed over, stamping on the journal to put out the flames, then grabbing it up off the floor to examine the damage to the carpet.  Luckily the flames hadn’t penetrated the entire journal, and the carpet was only a bit sooty.  He made a mental note to get some carpet cleaner next time he went to Tesco, threw the journal into the basket of firewood – it was beyond repair, and he would have to see if he could borrow Sarah’s copy to finish reading the article – and turned back to Sherlock… who was no longer there.  The faint slam of his bedroom door told John where he had gone, but he had no idea why.
“Father would have approved,” Mycroft replied, and sat at the end of the bed, his nephew safely tucked in his arms.
“John,” he scolded, “you should have asked me to help, I know you don’t find it easy by yourself.”  He reached around John, activating the flush, then steered him gently over to the sink and began to wash John’s hands for him.  John sighed, and gave himself over to Sherlock’s attentions.  He’d been lucky to get as far as he had this morning without Sherlock ‘helping’ him earlier; yesterday he’d actually tried to… hold John… while he emptied his bladder.  That had resulted in John being completely unable to go, and angrily throwing Sherlock out of the bathroom, not that he’d wanted to go, of course.
John felt a little spark of guilt as he picked up the box, but ruthlessly quashed it by thinking of all the times he had returned home from work to find Sherlock’s fingers flying over the keyboard of his laptop, or wearing his tee-shirts because Sherlock’s were all dirty and he hadn’t done any laundry.  It was lighter than he expected, much lighter, and he knew instantly that there were no shoes inside.
He's going to kill me for this one, but Sherlock's got an admirer! A lovely young lady in her seventies has heard about him and asked for his help in tracing her granddaughter - the case itself took him about twenty minutes on Twitter - but she's decided he's the best thing since sliced bread and keeps popping round with biscuits and cakes for him.  Our landlady's nose has been put well and truly out of joint by the whole thing, as she usually bakes for Sherlock.  I think she sees him as another one of her sons, she's constantly trying to feed him up and he rarely allows her to.  Things got a little frosty around her for a while, after Mrs Evans dropped a box of biscuits off for the third week in a row - until I pointed out that he'd been scattering them in the park over the road for the birds - I'm not sure that's very healthy for the birds, but it's definitely healthy for our flat!
John huffed a breath of air from his mouth.  “You git, you can make it next time!” and he headed back down the stairs, shaking his head.  A minute or so later, Sherlock heard the distinctive sound of the toaster – it had made an odd noise ever since Sherlock had dismantled and reassembled it claiming he had made it more efficient - and soon after, the smell of toasting bread began to drift up the stairs.  Typical John, always feeding him…  Sherlock wondered idly if it would get worse now they were bonded, and that reminded him that he hadn’t yet worked out how the bonding had happened.  He sat himself up, took a deep breath, and sank into his mind palace.
He had judged it well, he knew, as Dr Watson replied “Oh, I think I could manage that,” he replied, “after all, it’s our duty to teach new students coming through, and experiencing the procedure yourself makes you more empathetic to the patient.  I think there are a few other, less conventional techniques for prostate exam I could show you too…”
“Did I tell you to stop?” That soft, commanding voice seemed to be wired directly to Sherlock’s hand, which started moving again of its own accord. John leaned forwards and reached his hand up to caress Sherlock’s lips, dragging the bottom of his cupid’s bow down to part them, then slipping his middle finger inside Sherlock’s warm wetness.  Sherlock’s eyes closed as he began to lick and suck on John’s finger, like a starving man given his first taste of food.  After a few moments, John pulled his finger from Sherlock’s mouth with a small “pop” and pulled Sherlock’s camo trousers and pants down as far as he could without Sherlock needing to move his legs any closer together.  John slid his hand under Sherlock’s balls, and slipped his finger into the warm crevice, seeking.  He found the puckered ring of muscle and gently but firmly pushed his wet finger inside.  Suddenly Sherlock was coming, spasming round John’s finger, panting, semen jetting from his cock.  He tried to catch as much as he could, but a couple of spots landed on John’s thigh.  Sherlock watched as John scraped them up with his index finger and carried them up to his mouth, popping the finger inside and sucking it with relish.  John pushed the chair back and stood up, never breaking eye contact with Sherlock.
Just at that moment, the door opened, and a pretty petite blonde Beta woman walked in.  “Hi John, how are you feeling?” she asked, with a smile in his direction.  Sherlock gave her his best glare, but the baby in his arms gurgled a little, and he suddenly found he couldn’t spare her the attention.
Then Mycroft had called in one of the top-secret-clearance favours Sherlock owed him, and sent him off to Derbyshire for three days, and when Sherlock returned, all hell had broken loose.  Partially caused by the stress of being away from Sherlock for so long, John’s next heat had come on unexpectedly early again, and he was in the throes when Sherlock had returned.  Sherlock had run himself ragged trying to get the case solved as quickly as possible so he could return home to John.  Being run down, he had caught a cold whilst in the close quarters of the offices he’d been working from, and had come home bunged up and full of aches.  Consequently, his powers of observation had been a little off, and he had not noticed anything was amiss until he had made it up the stairs, unlocked the door to the flat and entered.  He had vaguely registered the small heap of food and water on the kitchen table, and John’s jumper discarded halfway up the stairs to his room before the urge to be where John was
Many thanks as always to Catherine, for being my lovely beta, and for pointing out John's feelings about Sherlock's misfortune....
“I can’t, Greg, Mycroft…” and at this, he burst into great heaving sobs.  Greg turned to him, astonished, and wrapped his arms around Sherlock, who buried his face into Greg’s shoulder.  The policeman murmured soothing nonsense to Sherlock, swiftly escorting him to a raised planter with walls wide enough to sit on.  They sat for a few moments, while Sherlock regained control of himself.  Finally, with a couple of sniffs and gulping swallows, Sherlock looked up at Greg, eyes red and nose running.
“You’re a doctor, you know the bonding process, it takes more than good sex to do it, no matter how much you have.  I must have bitten you at some point over the last few days, somehow…”
“Oh shit…” At that moment, all hell seemed to break loose.  The doors to the street burst open, and Lestrade charged through, followed by half of Scotland Yard, including Donovan, Anderson and Dimmock.
He kept them busy for the next five hours, running drills, doing push-ups, chin-ups, assault courses and anything else he could think of to exhaust them; the real hard work would start that afternoon as he began to teach them a skill, something they could be proud of themselves for achieving, something that would allow them to start to have a little pride in themselves, maybe begin to turn around their low opinion of themselves and change their behaviour.  Mostly it was working, the lads were too tired to do anything except what he asked them to do… Mostly.
“Got my eye on a nice little place in central London. Together we ought to be able to afford it.”  He continued to speak as he walked past John towards the door.  “We’ll meet there tomorrow evening; seven o’clock. Sorry – gotta dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary.”  He slipped the mobile phone into his pocket, and passed John on his way to the door.  The casual dismissal irritated John, and he barely kept a lid on his anger as he turned to speak to the man.
Sherlock slipped the ends of the scarf around his neck through the loop and pulled it snug, then swung his coat round himself, grabbing his keys and wallet – he didn’t like to spend his own money if he could help it, but if Mycroft wasn’t around, it couldn’t be avoided.   He stepped out of 221b Baker Street and hailed a passing taxi, giving the driver the name of the local surgery.  He had timed his arrival perfectly, there were a few patients still waiting to be seen, but the majority of the waiting room was empty; previous experience told him that Dr Watson was likely to be finished with his list.
Lestrade cuffed Anderson, and he and Donovan marched him away, arranging to come to get Sherlock’s statement in the morning, when he’d had a chance to recover a little.  John looked at Sherlock, who was still sitting on the floor like a floppy rag doll.  He smiled as John looked over at him.
John sat back in his chair, and slammed his head into the seat back once or twice in the hope that it would suddenly make everything magically clear to him, and give him the perfect solution to his situation.  It didn’t.  All that happened was he ended up with a sore spot on the back of his head from the chair’s frame, and a raging headache to match the throb in his cock, because for all his moral soul searching, John was still thoroughly, insistently aroused...
John had never before felt anything like it.  He had felt need before, certainly, when his pseudo heats had kicked in and he had felt desperate to be filled, but he realised now that they had been nothing in comparison to the real thing.
“I’m afraid John doesn’t do this any more, today was a special favour for Lestrade to apologise for calling him out unnecessarily a few weeks ago.  I can’t possibly spare him, he is vital to my work.”  John gaped in surprise at Sherlock’s praise, then managed to smile and shrug at Archie’s dad, who said something about it being a shame, then wandered off to see if there was any jelly left – there wasn’t; Sherlock had finished it all.  Greg came in, having left his wife to supervise the parcel passing.
“Check out the sister of the first victim, she said she was at her life drawing class until six, but she can’t have been.  There was a flood two streets over from the college, and classes were all cancelled first thing in the morning because the college had no water.  It was fixed later that afternoon, and the college sent out text messages to all the students, but she said she didn’t get the brother’s message because her phone battery was dead.  If that was the case, how did she know the class was back on?”
Sherlock and John go to Mungo's so Sherlock can try and spot the killer... Things don't go quite the way either Sherlock or John are expecting...
John looked at Jilly.  “Sherlock?” he asked, waiting for the Sherlock-body next to him to start laughing like a drain and telling him how gullible he was when he was hungover.  Jilly-Sherlock rolled her (his?) eyes, and nodded.
“Really John?  You wanted to stay there with all the children, attempting to do magic again for the second time in your life?  Oh don’t look like that, I know you don’t know how to do magic, what on earth made you agree to do the party?”
John chuckled.  "Nothing's wrong, Sherlock, Alex needs a bottle, that's all."  Sherlock rubbed his hand gently over Xander's head, and climbed up off of his knees, heading into the kitchen.  He efficiently made up a bottle, and set it in a pan of water on the hob to warm up.  John watched him, a warm feeling suffusing his body, as he saw how capable his flighty Alpha had become.  While the bottle warmed, Sherlock made a cup of tea and a plate of toast for John.  He set them all on a tray and brought them through; taking baby Xander from John and handing him the toast.  John and Alex both settled down to eat the food provided to them by their Alpha, John watching Sherlock as he fed and burped Alex.
“Are you sure you have to go away to school, William? Can’t you come to my school, and then we can still play together?”  William shook his curly head sadly; he had tried asking Mummy again last night, but she had snapped at him in the tone of voice he knew meant that he should drop the subject, and quickly.  Mummy in a temper was A Bit Not Good.  He had considered raising the subject with Daddy, but he would only defer to Mummy, and William didn’t want to risk her turning absolutely monstrous if she were to find out he had tried to go behind her back.  All in all, he had sighed and decided to stick it out at boarding school for a year. When he turned eight, he would broach the subject again, as obviously he would be nearly grown up and Mummy and Daddy would have to listen to what he had to say.  In the meantime, he privately admitted to himself that he was quite looking forward to it, Mike had told him lots of funny stories about things that he had got up to in his first few years.  Midnight snack runs to the kitchen sounded like super fun, William’s parents had already found out there wasn’t a cupboard they could keep him out of if he had a mind to get in there.
Dream-John thrust one last time into Dream-Sherlock’s arse, spilling his seed deep inside his tight heat, feeling Sherlock’s orgasm pulsing around him.  He collapsed down onto the younger man beneath him, hands gripping his hips tightly, and the dream began to fade.  John stirred slightly as the wetness on his chest began to chill him, grabbing at the blanket and pulling it up as he rolled over, satisfied and drifting back into a deep and dreamless sleep.
John held his breath while Sherlock appeared to think this over.  “Well if you think that’s best, Doctor”, he said, that velvety voice seeming to deepen and the icy blue eyes becoming heavy-lidded.  John let out his breath, and attempted to calm himself, glad that he’d worn the looser fitting chino trousers today, rather than the snug fitting black ones that were almost able to show a man’s religion, in the right circumstances.
John looked over at Sherlock with tears in his eyes.  “Please, Sherlock, I need your knot, just this one time! Please help me!”
He closed his eyes for a moment or two, inhaling deeply, and was transported instantly back to those streets.  He imagined wandering along, remembering the incongruousness of the bright, modern McDonald’s restaurant snuggled up against the old city wall, and suddenly he realised what the smell was.  Opposite the bookshop was a flower kiosk; every day buckets of fresh flowers were stood outside on the pavements for shoppers to smell, hopefully enticing them to a purchase.  John remembered how, when the breeze was blowing in the right direction, the smell of those petals would drift up to him on his bench, some days smelling like a tropical paradise, other days reminding him of an English country garden.  At the end of the day, he would walk back to the old town and the old lady and her assistants would be bringing the buckets back inside, discarding any flowers that were past their prime.  As Tallinn’s workers returned from the new town back into the old, they would step on the discarded flowers, crushing their petals and releasing the scent.  What John could smell now was that same scent; crushed flowers of different varieties, their unique scents mixing and combining.
“My knees started to hurt something fierce and after I climbed the rigging or swabbed the deck I’d barely be able to breathe.”
“That I needed him to testify that he had manipulated, coerced, and driven you mad. I believe there was some tentative thought on claiming he was a demon as well, seeing as how you were apparently committing the crime of
“England?” Sherlock wondered, glancing around them, “Ah, England. Yes. Well, last I heard the king was in terrible trouble and I was terminated.”
Sherlock wore a baby blue dress, layers of delicate silken fabric, with a white lace collar that travelled up the perfect column of his neck. Sherlock lifting one leg and planting it firmly on the chest full of his sex toys countered what would have looked prim and proper. His bare leg was shaved clean like a harlot and a white garter belt gripped his thigh. John could barely breathe.
Rather than answer, and still giving him a look of befuddlement, Holmes pointed towards one of the lower decks. John stood and saw a hammock stretched out on the decking with a pair of shoes, some weapons, and a silver necklace.
Then someone snatched it from his hand. John gaped at the man standing in front of him scowling. The chips were an honour system, and several crewmembers had warned him that the Admiral
John swallowed, “You’ll ease off the crew, eliminate the chip system, leave punishment and care of the crew to me, if I let you beat me?”
Mycroft paced his chambers anxiously until it became obvious that delaying his decision was not going to make it any easier. He walked into the next set of rooms, his private study, and sat down at his desk to do what he had known his brother would force him to do someday.
Sherlock took the helm and began to manoeuvre them while shouting instructions to the crew. They swerved through the water in broad movements, making sure not to loop back in to the path of the fire. By the time the shore crew realized they were evading and tried to change their fire pattern they were nearly out of range. Sherlock put on a burst of speed, by sending crew down to row and managed to get out before they could lay accurate fire. They barely made it out in time and then it was all about speed. Sherlock hollered in relief and pride, and the crew took up the shouts. They were flying along at top speed, but their top speed was nothing compared to what the ships in the armada could accomplish. Normally their success depended on power, not speed, so they had to distance themselves before the armada was launched. Hours they flew on the heads of the waves, until Sherlock felt the time was right and sharply altered their course.
Holmes gave his arm an angry shake but then released him, “When I’m done I’m going to rub my stubble all over your body. Every inch. Do you think you’ll like or hate it when it rubs over the tip of your hard cockhead?”
What greeted him was so quiet that he automatically whispered an apology into the fog. It was still early morning, just before sunset, but the lanterns around the ship had been doused, plunging them into a darkness that was only exacerbated by the deep fog around them. Holmes hurried to his side and doused his lantern while John stood dumbfounded.
Sherlock slid off completely with a pop and John keened in longing as his balls tightened once again.
“Greg,” Lestrade replied, rubbing at the bridge of his nose, “And no, it won’t. It will be mass murder and we’ll all go to hell for it.”
“He’s living up in the woods,” The man stated, “I’ll send someone to fetch him. I suppose you’re interested in his… commerce?”
Holmes blinked at him, reached down to his hip, pulled off a key ring, and detached a key. John stared at it hopefully and the man held it out.
to work was lying on the bed stinking up the room. The doctor was sitting in the corner smoking a pipe, probably to try and clear the patient’s stench out of the room. John knelt by his bedside and began examining him and questioning him.
“No,” John replied, head dropping back down, “I did research this time. I’m not required to take a watch.”
“Skeleton crew,” Sherlock stated, “It was easier to board off a section of the treasure hold and crews quarters to make two small captain’s quarters. We have our privacy, but I’ll ask for a bit more.”
“Yet they are in league with them, providing food and other comforts. This will solve our problems for the
“So sad,” The cook sighed, “And here I thought you were so clever. When you last saw me my voice had barely changed. Of
The posh bastard’s name is Mycroft. He’s Sherlock’s brother. This explains Sherlock’s homicidal tendencies completely.
The words were familiar enough to the crew that they soon joined him, wailing and moaning with the sea as they continued forward undaunted by weather or gods. The end of the song came about too early for Sherlock who had only scrubbed his flesh once, but he still sang it with his crew while letting the soap wash from his body in the lashing rivulets of rain.
He had to snap the cane across my backside to stop me thrashing and ruining his ‘painting’. He was quite cross, but not nearly as outraged as I was. I cursed until I ran out of air and then stayed still long enough for Cap’n Sal to paint my likeness for him. When I was finally shown the painting I had to admit that the play of red from scratches and black from ink creating a strange pattern across my back was quite fetching. I told him I’d never forgive him for his trick, but I’m sure he knew I didn’t mean it. At least I hope so.
. Unless he thought he was unwelcome or feared approaching with those flags, or perhaps he thought they were on the island? Either way, their attempts to signal him had been ignored. John had staggered onto the island as if drunk and headed straight for the middle of town. Perhaps he
drop right onto the deck and lay there without a thought of getting up again. Holmes nudged him with his foot.
John scrubbed the deck of the ship, taking several hours as opposed to the usual half hour that a seasoned fellow would take. He leaned against his mop, panting and exhausted, and happily opened the lid and removed a chip. Each chip was a different colour for each station and had a carved symbol for the station it worked. Wash stations were blue and this one had a bucket carved in it. John thought he’d remember that shade of blue fondly forever. Step one to achieving his freedom on this devil-led vessel.
John waited. Xe was pouring dark Indian ink into the well of a wooden bowl. The needle was split on one side like a quill and made of a substance he couldn’t identify. Perhaps bone or a wood he had not yet come across. Xe dipped the tip in ink and held up a mallot and gave him a challenging glance. John turned to lay flat on his belly.
“I never stopped being yours,” John professed easily, stepping forward and holding up his arm for Sherlock to take so they could walk together, “You were right, of course. I couldn’t bring myself to touch Mary and she was not the woman I thought I knew.”
“I know where they are,” Sherlock grumbled, which was actually a surprise since he hadn’t set foot in the castle since he was a three-year old terror.
realized how public their conversation was. Sherlock raised an eyebrow and waited for an apology. John squared his shoulders and raised his chin in obvious denial of that expectation. Sherlock felt the corners of his mouth tug upwards slowly and three people behind John backed up several paces.
AN: I really, really wanted to write a kinky sex scene here, but this felt right with the submission and Sherlock showing himself to John as beautiful like a cute lil peacock.
. I cut through enemy vessels and then net the remains as if they were dead whales, picking up what I want and discarding the rest. Each crewmember that survives takes a cut after the Queen gets her share. An
John smiled and slowly slid the garter down his leg, lifting his foot so he could suck on the big toe. It tasted of salt and wood from the deck. Sherlock laughed lightly and pulled his toe away, nudging John’s cheek with his foot as punishment for being tickled. John chuckled out an apology and pressed a kiss to the garter belt. He tossed it towards the bed and then walked around Sherlock to take a look at the clasps. He’d had the dress altered so that the tiny buttons down the back met. John let out a slow breath of wonder at how elegant his long torso looked and began to slowly slip each button down. He counted twenty by the time he reached Sherlock’s waist. Beneath that was a faded off-white corset. John eased the dress down and Sherlock stepped free with that unearthly grace of his.
Having made his point Sherlock turned back to his maps, mentally dismissing the shocked doctor behind him.
I tried to ask him to talk in private, being shy about our relationship still, but he was snarly and being purposefully obtuse. I tried to hint that I was in the mood by dropping things and then picking them up suggestively, but all that got me was teased by the crew. One of them goosed me with a mop handle and Sherlock laughed along with them. The bastard.
Someone snickered behind Sherlock so he holstered a gun, pulled out his riding crop, and swung behind him to smack the man sharply. The Reverend had pulled back and indicated to the group behind him one should run to the woods and fetch John.
“Be smart about it!” Sherlock shouted after him, “He’s harmed and my cannons will destroy this town like so much driftwood at sea.”
This particular afternoon, John had decided to take Sherlock into the newer part of the city, so they had ordered a taxi to take them into the heart of the city where they had spent a lazy morning wandering around looking into shop windows, nibbling on pastries and generally enjoying being away from the hustle and bustle of London.  John knew that Sherlock would only be able to enjoy himself for a few days before he would be itching to find something to do again.  As they crossed the green in front of the shopping centre, John seemed to start a little, as he realised where they were.  His mind drifted back six months previously, to the night he had found the box under Sherlock’s bed.  He remembered the smell of the flower petals drifting from under the lid, the way they had floated down over him when Sherlock had startled him and he had dropped them, and he remembered the promise he had made to Sherlock that night – a promise he had kept ever day since then.
As John entered the dimly lit room, he saw a figure standing by the filing cabinets, a piece of thin wire in his hand which was catching the light thrown off by the small desk lamp.  John flicked on the light switch, and Sherlock turned from the cabinets, a smirk on his face.  John’s first thought was that those camo trousers looked as good as ever, and his second was that Sherlock’s exercise regime was obviously working well, as his arms and chest were beautifully toned, filling out his olive t-shirt nicely.
that he knew John was pregnant.  John was also not sure how Mycroft knew he was craving the little Danish butter biscuits, or that he had so far been unsatisfied since they only ever seemed to appear at Christmas.  He had been tempted to reply requesting biscuits, but knew that would only tip Sherlock over into fury – it was
Since John had moved in again a couple of months previously, Sherlock had respected his boundaries.  He hadn’t been through his papers, or taken any of his hideous jumpers to experiment on.  He hadn’t barged into his bedroom at six in the morning demanding John accompany him to a crime scene, and it had been positively hateful.  Sherlock opened the door, and the clean scent of just John wafted out of the room, untainted by anything else.  It was the only place in the flat were Sherlock couldn’t smell himself overlaying everything, so he stopped momentarily, eyes closed, allowing the scent to fill his lungs before stepping over the threshold.  As usual, the room was neat, simply furnished with no clutter to be seen.   The bed was tidily made, with as close to hospital corners as could be achieved with a duvet.  The top of the chest of drawers was empty, no clothes spilling untidily from the drawers.  The only thing that gave any clue at all that the room was lived in at all was a book placed neatly on the bedside table.  Sherlock picked it up and scanned the cover, dismissing it almost immediately as another one of John’s trashy novels.  He noted almost in passing that it wasn’t his usual fare, there was no sensational crime to be solved, or stereotypical action hero’s adventures to be followed, but then again, John hadn’t been his usual self lately, so it stood to reason that he wouldn’t be doing the things he normally did.  Sherlock sighed, and decided it would be best not to upset John at the moment by poking around in his things, so he left, closing the door behind him.
There was a girl in the cafe with a rather distinctive haircut though, she was asking me about the best place to get lunch, said she'd just moved to the area because it means she won't have to travel so far to get to work… Not sure why she'd be asking if she works in the area though, surely she'd have worked out already where the best places are?  Anyway, she was asking where I live, turns out she's just around the corner from me… I didn't want to give her too many details, you can never be too sure whether someone's genuine or a bit of a nutter hiding in plain sight, besides, Sherlock wouldn't be too keen on the idea that I've been telling pretty girls all of my personal details…
“I need to see you,” Sherlock said once the movements stopped, “will you come out here, please?”  John ripped back the curtain and stepped out of the cubicle.
“Mycroft… I can’t thank you enough for what you did for me and for John, I don’t know what I’d have done if….” he trailed off, unsure of the best way to finish the sentence.
“It’s that triple murder in Bermondsey, Sherlock, I’m at my wit’s end… can you take a look?  I’m desperate.”  Sherlock looked between the file and his baby, as though trying to decide whether he should look at the contents of the file while holding Xander.  “I can take him, if you like..?” Greg offered hesitantly.  Alphas were known to be very territorial over their children where other Alphas were concerned, unless it was a close family member.  Greg knew he was risking a lot even offering to take Alexander; Sherlock’s instincts could be awoken very quickly, and it could be dangerous.  It seemed, however, as though Sherlock considered Greg to be a family member, at least on some subconscious level, because he indicated to Greg that he should sit down on the sofa, then carefully handed baby Xander over, instructing Greg on how he should properly support him.  Greg nodded solemnly, making sure to follow Sherlock’s instructions, and deliberately failing to mention that he had, in fact, held his own daughter when she had been a newborn baby.  Sherlock placed himself between Greg and the door, in order that Greg would not be able to leave with Xander without Sherlock noticing, and then flipped open the file.
He’d met Mrs Hudson when Mycroft had sent him away to an American rehab facility, reasoning that if Sherlock didn’t know anybody in the country, he couldn’t bribe them to supply him with cocaine in rehab.  Mrs Hudson had been serving a court mandated 60 days for possession of the marijuana she used to ease the ache from the healed breaks that had been a gift from her husband.  Like Sherlock, she had resented being there, and he had immediately been drawn to her, the pair of them sneaking off instead of attending group therapy sessions.  Mrs Hudson had explained her current predicament – husband running a drug cartel, his arrest for murdering one of his rivals, the imminent likelihood of his exoneration and release, resumption of the beatings to follow soon after his return home – and Sherlock had been incensed.  He had asked Mycroft to help him to ensure Frank Hudson remained on death row until his execution date, and in return for Sherlock’s promise to give rehab his best shot, he had provided access to all the information Sherlock had needed to ensure the jury returned a guilty verdict, the ‘special relationship’ with America proving useful for something at last.  The thing that had helped sobriety to stick this time hadn’t been the rehab, individual therapy or group therapy – it had been the thrill he had got from successfully investigating the case; finding evidence no-one else had been able to find and presenting it to the officers attempting to prosecute the case.  Sherlock knew that he wouldn’t have the opportunity to do it again if he kept getting high, and besides, the thrill from cocaine didn’t come anywhere close.
Sherlock arrived back at the flat two days after John’s heat was over.  He sniffed the air, eyes narrowed and zeroing in on John, before declaring, “You’ve been in heat.”  John had braced himself for more, but Sherlock had surprised him by merely asking, “Was everything okay?”  John had nodded, feeling a little dumbfounded, and that had been the end of it.  It was only a few days later that it had occurred to John that the timing of Mycroft’s mission had perhaps been a little convenient, and he wondered if that was actually the case or if he was getting a bit paranoid in his old age.  He was reminded of a bumper sticker he used to see on an old MG when he was a kid – “It’s not paranoia if they really are out to get you!” – and smiled ruefully.
“First things first, I need you to produce a urine sample.”  Dr Watson handed Sherlock a specimen pot, and continued, “You’ll find a toilet two doors down on the right.”  Sherlock took himself down to the toilet, and dutifully produced his sample, wondering as he did so whether Dr Watson was reading his medical history, and if so, what he was making of it.  Sherlock finished, zipped up his trousers and returned to the doctor’s room.  “I don’t know why you’re going to all this trouble, there is nothing wrong with me, just sign the form so I can leave,” he said, calculating that the doctor would be one of those stubborn types that are determined to do everything by the book, he had that ‘boy scout’ kind of look about him.  Sure enough, Dr Watson gave him an incredulous look, and said “Mr Holmes, where did you get your medical degree?”
Forty-five pounds later, John lugged the jute bag full of jars along the street behind Sherlock.  The jars were all recycled from other products; jam jars, curry paste jars and pickled onion jars were among the ones Sherlock had spotted, and he was certain that the ghosts of their previous contents would make their presence known in the taste of the current ones.  The jars themselves had yellowed paper stuck to them with handwritten descriptions of the contents, whoever had written them had tried to make the descriptions cute and appealing, but had missed the mark by quite some way.  They came off as having been over-thought, and as a result, both condescending and slightly desperate.
When Sherlock pushed open the door to the birthing suite, he was greeted by the sight of John asleep in a hospital bed and looking smaller and paler than he had ever seen him look before.  There was a small plastic bassinet on wheels nestled up against the side of the bed, which Sherlock ignored for the time being.  His hands flew up to his mouth, and tears welled in his eyes at the overwhelming guilt he felt for not helping his Omega in his time of need.  Sherlock took a step or two closer to the bed, torn between wanting to check to make sure John was okay, and feeling that he had let him down so badly that he shouldn’t be in the room at all.
Life with the Sherlock Holmes was interesting, to say the least.  Their lovely Beta landlady, Mrs Hudson, had offered a second bedroom with an air of disbelief that John would actually use it.  He hadn’t even decided to move in before Sherlock had cured his psychosomatic limp by dragging him all over London chasing a suspect that they hadn’t caught.  When they had caught up with the suspect, John had shot him, rather than risk Sherlock taking a lethal poison pill to prove a point.  It only occurred to John a few days later that he’d cleaned his gun without any thoughts of using it on himself – and that was a good thing.  At last he’d got something to write about on his blog, even if he felt he was only peripheral to the action.
“I told you before, those files are private,” John smiled lazily, twisting his key in the lock of the door behind him and walking slowly over to Sherlock.  John gripped the back of Sherlock’s neck with his right hand, and Sherlock’s left wrist with his left hand.  Moving quickly, he pulled Sherlock forwards, spun him round and planted him face down on the desk.  Sherlock let out a breathy moan, and rubbed the fingers of his free hand along John’s thigh as high as he could, his knuckles grazing John’s balls.
Special thanks go to Catherine for suggesting one of John's lines x  Hope you enjoy this, please leave comments, if you'd like to :0)
Sherlock swallowed hard, and dipped his hands into the bassinet.  “Gently,” John murmured, “support his head… That’s it…” Sherlock couldn’t believe how small the little bundle was, how light… He sat carefully down on the side of the bed, tucked up as close to John as he could get so the Omega could scent him.  He allowed John to adjust his arms so that the baby was nestled carefully in the crook of his elbow, and with the index finger of his other hand, he traced a gentle line down the baby’s nose, marvelling at how warm and soft the skin was.  He turned to John with a look of wonder on his face, and found words had failed him completely.  This… miracle… was his son; after months of waiting, he was finally here!  And between them, John and Mycroft had ensured that Sherlock would be the first Alpha to meet his child.  He felt a sudden rush of emotion; love for his brave and stubborn Omega, and a fierce warm rush of filial affection.
“Your job is to sit at the bar and look pretty, you’re the right type, especially in such a stereotypical outfit – although the crop top and hot pants would have been better, I really don’t know what your objection was to them, John.  With any luck he’ll come and find you, and we can take him down before anyone else gets hurt.”
“Okay, turn up on to your side facing me,” Sherlock instructed as he turned back to the bowl to dampen another fresh piece of gauze.  John took a deep breath; there was nothing else for it, he was going to have to turn over and expose his arousal to Sherlock.  Sherlock turned back to John, and came face to… face… with John’s erection, which was currently tenting the front of his underwear.  Sherlock drew in a sharp breath, and quickly turned his attention back to the graze on John’s leg, starting the process of cleaning the wound again.  John felt mortified; he’d been staying out of Sherlock’s way for exactly this reason; his attraction to the younger man was growing day by day, and he was determined not to push Sherlock into a relationship he wasn’t ready for.  Now it appeared he was stuck in exactly the situation he’d been trying to avoid.
“What the…? Mycroft?”  Greg did what would have been a comical double take, had it appeared in a television program, before settling his gaze back on Mycroft.
“Oh, my beautiful Omega, yes, that’s what you need, isn’t it?  My knot, that’s the only thing that will help, take it, take everything…” As he spoke, Sherlock rutted harder and harder into John, whose eyes had fluttered shut as an expression of pure bliss had fallen over his face.  Sherlock felt the tingling at the base of his cock that signified his knot was almost fully formed, and with one almighty thrust, he shoved it past John’s rim, setting off John’s orgasm.  The feel of John’s internal muscles clenching tightly against his cock sparked Sherlock’s own orgasm, and he pushed tightly up against John, trying to deposit his seed as far up inside John’s channel as he could, feet slipping and sliding against the sheets with his effort to push himself as far inside John as he could.
“You were snogging a man instead of helping the investigation!”  Sherlock looked round at the sudden silence; Greg was gasping like a fish out of water.  John groaned, and buried his face in his hands, his face slowly turning redder and redder.  He only felt grateful that none of the other Yarders were close enough to have heard Sherlock.
“There are a lot of guys here,” John said to the spiky haired tattooed girl behind the bar, “am I missing something?”  She grinned as she finished pulling his pint.
The ambulance pulled up outside Speedy’s, and quickly bundled John onto a trolley, loading him onto the waiting vehicle and speeding him away towards the hospital.  It all happened so quickly that he didn’t even have time to protest that he needed to wait for his Alpha, and besides, the contractions were kind of keeping him occupied.  The journey itself was a bit of a blur as John concentrated on trying to remember the advice he had given to so many Omegas over the years – keep breathing, relax, just let your body do what it knows how to do...  He was rushed into the maternity unit, and thought for a moment or two that he could see Mycroft at the desk as they went past – but that was silly, why would Mycroft be there and not Sherlock?  Then the doors to the maternity unit closed behind him, and he was gently being moved onto the bed in a luxurious birthing suite and stripped of the clothing on his bottom half.  After that, was pain, sweat and tears.
He was in quite a bad way once he was found, being Sherlock he'd not eaten or drunk anything for a day or so - apparently it's bad for brainwork.  Worse for stranded detectives, I'd say, maybe he'll listen to me in future!  Luckily for Sherlock, there had been some interest in renting out the shop, and the estate agent responsible for it had popped down to check it over before he showed the potential renter around.
Sherlock stamped up the stairs to 221B, and threw himself down on the sofa, his back to the world.  He didn’t understand his Omega; all he had done was what any Alpha would do, to look after his precious, pregnant mate and make sure he didn’t need to do
“I’m good, ta, but yeah, he’s going to need a bottle soon, I think.”  John smiled at the blonde, and Sherlock thought vaguely that she was being a little bit too friendly with John; hadn’t she realised that he was sitting right next to his bonded Alpha?  Mary disappeared back out of the room again, and Sherlock allowed his hackles to go back down a bit.  He stretched his finger out, and the baby gripped it tightly.  He was amazed at how perfect the tiny fingers were, the little hand not even the size of half of one of Sherlock’s fingers.
John rolled over onto his side, sliding his legs out from underneath the covers and pushing himself up to a seated position.  He took a moment to get used to his centre of gravity, then pushed up from the bed, heading for the bathroom.  Sherlock rolled into the warm space John had left behind, muttering something sleepily under his breath, and reaching out for John.  His eyes popped open immediately, and he sat bolt upright in bed.
This is a bit of a long shot, but has anyone out there seen Sherlock?  He's gone missing, and doesn't seem to have his phone with him, and he's been working quite a nasty case.  I've tried tracing his steps, but, well… I'd have to be Sherlock to be able to track Sherlock…
know,” he indicated Donovan and Anderson, standing a little way off and trying to work out if any of them were actually needed.  “Do you do other magic tricks too?”  His eyes twinkled as he asked John the question.
Tuesday, oh-six-hundred: John slammed open the door to the dormitory, stepping out of the way of its recoil.  Before he had the chance to speak, heads began to appear from under blankets, feet slid out from the warm depths of beds, and groans issued from sleepy mouths.  “I’m pleased to see you’re all getting the idea!” he shouted.  “Oh-seven-hundred, on the parade ground!  Holmes, with me.” He spun on his heel, not waiting to see if his order would be followed or not, and left the dormitory, heading for his office.  Sherlock unfolded himself from the bed and loped after him.  He was already dressed, having grabbed a couple of hours sleep around 2 am and then headed for the shower.  He’d spent some time walking the camp, unlocking doors for the fun of it, climbing walls to see what was on the other side, getting the feel of the place.  Over the last two days, he’d spent so much time exploring that he was now confident he could get from any point in the camp to any other in less than five minutes, and through pretty much any door he chose.  The CO’s door was proving to be a bit tricky, but given time, Sherlock was sure he could crack it.
“Well Sherlock,” he said, “We’ve finished the medical, but I wonder if we shouldn’t just do a couple of extra tests while I have you here, to save you needing to come back another time?”
“I knew he was up to something, the signs of guilt were written all over him.  It turns out he was swapping decent parts from the Army’s Land Rovers with worn out parts from his own, then requisitioning new parts from stores.  Nobody questioned anything because the new parts were put on the Army’s vehicles, not on his, and he claimed to be buying the parts for his own vehicle through Ebay.  Nobody seemed to think it was strange that the Landies were burning through so many parts either, probably because Westbury was in charge of requisitioning.  It was very clever, really.”
Even with Lestrade’s lights and sirens, the ride to the hospital was interminable because of the volume of traffic on the roads, and Sherlock was more than ready to leap out of the car and run by the time they arrived.  He shoved his way past the crowds of people milling about in reception, scanning the signage for the maternity unit.  Having virtually abandoned the car, Greg followed Sherlock into the hospital, just catching sight of his long legs disappearing around a corner.  He ran after the anxious Alpha, pushing through the crowds of people as swiftly but gently as he could, and caught up with him outside the locked doors to the maternity unit.  Sherlock was repeatedly pushing on the buzzer, rattling the doors and demanding entrance to the unit, which was being denied by a rather stern looking maternity nurse.  He was on the verge of trying to break the door down, when Mycroft appeared, laying his hand gently on the nurse’s arm and speaking softly into her ear.  She glared at Sherlock one more time, and then activated the buzzer to release the door.
John gasped, remembering all of the visits he had made, never stopping to wonder where last week’s flowers had gone.  In the beginning, time had been strange; hours passed and the clock would tell him it was ten minutes since he had last looked.  Months went by, and yet the newspapers had only produced one edition.  It was no wonder it hadn’t occurred to him that something was happening to the flowers he left; in John’s mind it had been months since he last came, when in reality there had been no more than a few days since the last time he had been.  As time had gone on, and life had returned to some semblance of normality, John had gone less and less to the graveside, so he simply hadn’t noticed.
“I’ve had this disgusting taste in my mouth ever since I came back into my own body John, and I can’t work out what the hell it could be!  What did you give Jilly to eat?”  John cast his mind back over the afternoon, and with a sudden flash of inspiration, collapsed in a giggling heap.
Dr Watson stepped forward, swallowing hard, and tucked his finger under the bottom edge of Sherlock’s trunks. “These will have to come off,” he said quietly, his voice commanding nevertheless.  It felt like a red-hot electric shock, straight to Sherlock’s cock.  He was pleased at how bold the doctor had decided to be, but was not surprised; he hadn’t gotten to be a Captain in the army without a certain amount of boldness.  Sherlock stood immediately, and stripped the trunks off.  He was hard, and that was an impressive sight, Sherlock knew.
“Oh. Thank you.” Mike introduced John, but didn’t give the man’s name.  John thought it a little odd, but forgot almost immediately when the man spoke again.
“Carry on,” he said softly. Sherlock was mortified, he thought he might die of shame, but he couldn’t deny he was extremely aroused at the thought of the captain watching him.  He ducked his head, not sure what to do, when John spoke again.
John was terrified.  His labour seemed to be progressing too quickly, even though he realised the backache that had plagued him all night was most likely due to him having being in the early stages.  He needed Sherlock.  During childbirth, the Alpha’s scent kept the Omega calm and their pheromones reacted with the Omega’s brain chemistry to ensure the proper dilation of the birth canal.  If no Alpha was with the Omega, things could go very wrong very quickly; if the birth canal didn’t dilate enough, it could result in trauma to the child, and major damage to the Omega, sometimes even death.  For this reason, the hospital kept a couple of unbonded Alphas on staff in the maternity unit for any Omegas who came in without an Alpha, but John had flatly refused to have one of them in with him.  Although the babies developed a bond with the Alpha in the room at their birth, there were drugs that could be given to break the bond with only a minor lasting effect on the child, and besides, new therapies were being developed every day to help them overcome the effects.
As Sherlock and John approached the group, John could hear a particularly enthusiastic argument taking place, unfortunately the two young men doing the arguing were paying too much attention to the argument, and not paying enough attention to the frisbee… but Jilly was, and as it sailed off into the distance, she darted after it. Sherlock found himself galloping across the park, his long legs flying as he tried desperately to stay on his feet.  John collapsed in a heap, laughing a deep belly laugh at the sight of the man he loved abandoning all attempts at dignity in return for not making a complete arse of himself.  He managed to pick himself up from the ground and started to trot after Sherlock and Jilly, who he found together in a pile on the grass a little way up the park.  Sherlock was sporting some bright green stains on his knees, evidence that he had lost the fight with his balance, and Jilly was sitting with a mouthful of Frisbee, wagging her tail and looking very pleased with herself.
“Oh for God’s sake, look! His hair has been trimmed every four weeks, regular as clockwork.  It’s in the latest style, and that's only been fashionable for the last few weeks, he must have had it cut just before he arrived.  He has designer t-shirts and jeans in his locker, but his footwear leaves a little to be desired.  His trainers are cheap market knock-offs in the style of the most popular trainers on the market now, did you think if he’d managed to sell the items he wouldn’t have had the opportunity to buy the real McCoy?  No, if Bateson had committed the thefts, he’d be wearing the real thing, not the knock-offs.  It’s not Bateson, you’re looking in the wrong place.”  Sherlock swept out of the room, leaving Lestrade, Donovan and Bateson staring after him, open mouthed.
Sherlock found the Skyline.  It was near the front of the car park, sleek and shining, clearly loved by its owner.  Despite this, Sherlock could see signs of engine work that had not been completed quite right; a repair to the bodywork that had paint bubbling over the top, signifying rust coming through underneath.  For all Anderson’s reputation as a top mechanic, it was clear that he didn’t deserve it.
John was too unwell for the first week or so to realise that Sherlock was too exhausted to interact with him at all, but as time went on, and John’s health improved, he began to worry about the toll everything was taking on Sherlock.  John spoke to Mary one afternoon, telling her all of his concerns for his mate, and after that, she would take Alex off to “check him over” in a corner of the room while Sherlock and John snoozed together on John’s bed, Sherlock’s arms tightly around John and John’s nose tucked into the join of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder.
“Sherlock!” he giggled, taking Sherlock’s face in his hands and trying to lift it so he could kiss the Cupid’s bow lips.  Sherlock huffed impatiently, and pulled out of John’s grasp, tucking his nose under John’s jaw again.  John decided it was easier just to let Sherlock scent him; obviously it was some kind of Alpha thing, re-establishing the connection or something of that ilk.  At last, Sherlock appeared to be finished, and slowly pulled back, away from John.  His eyes were wide, and John started to get a confusing combination of emotions coming through from him – fear, awe and elation.  What the hell was happening?
Sherlock stood, listening for a moment.  The corridor outside was silent; everyone was busy elsewhere, so Sherlock undid the button of his trousers and slid the zip down.  He groaned with relief, and thought fleetingly that it might be enough for him to be comfortable, but soon realised that would not be the case.  He palmed his cock through the black stretch cotton of his underwear, hissing as his touch sent sparks through his entire body.  He dragged his hand along the length from the root to the tip, moaning involuntarily, and shoved his hand inside his underwear.  Sherlock gripped his hard cock, sliding his hand slowly along its length, his hips thrusting into his hand.  His eyes closed, and his breathing deepened, as the precome started to flow from the tip.  Inside his mind, Sherlock replayed the sight he had seen in John’s room; he remembered the sheen of sweat on John’s brow as he had thrust into his hand.  He heard John saying those filthy things, vowing to fuck him and fill him, and Sherlock’s moans grew louder.  He felt the tingling start in the base of his spine, and thrust harder, gripping tighter.
was still in charge of cleaning out the fridge, it would be happening twice a week, and anything Sherlock brought in that was not stored at the bottom of the fridge in airtight and properly labeled containers would be disposed of, no matter how important it was.  If, on the other hand, Sherlock could see his way clear to help out with the cleaning… At that point, Sherlock had decided that perhaps he
“One chance to change your mind, Holmes,” he said softly, “just say the word and I’ll let you up, we’ll say no more about it.”  He softened his grip on Sherlock’s arms, giving him the opportunity to pull them from John’s grip, and pulled his hips back from Sherlock, who said something John didn’t catch.
The two boys parted company, William heading up to the big house, determined to be in place when John’s mum came to bring him.  When he got there, however, there had been a delivery of the last few things he needed to pack into his trunk to take away with him, and amongst them was a well-equipped chemistry set.  Not a baby one, with stupid harmless so-called experiments like making a volcano using baking soda and vinegar, but proper graduated beakers and pipettes and test-tubes.  William was immediately lost in it, and what with the rest of the packing, and the teasing from Mike, the events of that afternoon promptly deleted themselves from his memory.
“That’s a big name for a little boy,” she cooed, bustling about the room.  “Let me know if you need anything, John, won’t you?”
Mary was the second person to help him come back from that black edge, day by day; a small smile and hello here, an understanding of his need for solitude there.  One day he had been surprised to find himself smiling back at her; a month or so later, laughing at some small but very cheesy joke she had made.  It had been a small step from there to a drink in the pub after a particularly difficult shift at the surgery, because of a patient who had been convinced that Google made her a better GP than John’s medical degree made him.  A few pints later, and John had been snogging Mary furiously against the wall of the pub.  The relationship had been easy to fall into after that, and slowly but surely, John fell in love.  Sherlock’s loss became easier to bear, never completely going, but slowly fading back, until his wrenching loss was no longer the first thing on John’s mind when he woke up, nor the last thing on his mind before he closed his eyes at night.
,” John corrected, glancing sideways at Cap’n Sal, “Wouldn’t greet someone when they entered his sickbay?”
to pull up alongside of their ship, grasped the rope, climbed up a level in the rigging, timed it for a heave in the ship, and swung over to drop down onto the deck of
, his mind supplied, and also the female captain who pretended to be a man judging by the bulge in the front of her britches that was clearly created with a padded codpiece. What no one had mentioned was the pattern of tattoos on her skin, darker even than her flesh and menacing even in the light of day. Perhaps that was accentuated by the looks on people’s faces that made this seem more like a funeral than a punishment. Perhaps it was.
Lestrade joined them a moment later with Hooper and a wretched looking Donovan in tow. Donovan had been set for the gallows a week ago but escaped under hir own power. Anderson was in the wind but he’d likely show up at some point in time once he found out that Donovan was free and sailing again. He’d meet them at a port and they’d be on the lookout for him. Lestrade had been given a pass, but that was only because he was white and not
make a mistake. He made a calculated decision. For the last two voyages he has been the main doctor we’ve utilized, the fellow who abandoned ship having just signed on for this tour. I noticed that more and more of my sailors weren’t reporting in as sick for this tour, but put it down as stubbornness. Now I know otherwise. He was making them
Lestrade opened his mouth to explain to Sherlock that they’d still be called cowards and worse, but Sherlock cut him off by pointing out something rather unarguable.
John entered the cabin he’d called home with a slow breath of relief. He was surprised not to find Lestrade and Donovan’s things in there as well. He gestured to the room and as usual Sherlock knew what he meant without him saying.
Sherlock knew he had to confront it. It was only a matter of time. He’d put it off for so long though that he’d begun to think he’d never have to face it at all. Yet if he wanted to begin this bizarre relationship with John he had to deal with his demons and make sure they did not surface while he was enjoying John. He’d start at the beginning, as was logical.
“There’s a philosopher by the name of John Locke. He has a theory that will be published soon, and I wish him well as he is one of the more tolerable people I have met. His theory goes along these lines:
“I trust you were warned about our system?” Holmes asked, “And the punishments that arise from manipulating it?”
I now go to reclaim what I have lost… or rather to supplicate myself before the man who I do not deserve. Perhaps I can save him as he has saved me. I can only hope to be proven worthy.
“There’s a web of these throughout the deck,” Holmes explained, “Always to your right. We walk the ship in a circle and cross the deck in three places, or we stay put. Put your hand out in front of you to avoid crashing into anyone. Silence. Absolute silence. No lights.”
John was fairly certain that he slept for nearly a day in the sickbay. He woke up disoriented and achy, his back, arse, and thighs having scabbed over after Holmes had properly cleaned him up (rum being a poor substitute for actual soap and water). His bladder was full to the point of exploding so he staggered upright and hurried to the door to sickbay to bolt topside and piss over the rails. Problem was pissing wasn’t all he had to do and he wasn’t relishing the idea of shitting over the side of the boat.
“I will have to make up for the evils I’ve done. The new king will move into place within a year. In that time we must survive. We may not earn leniency.”
“Those aren’t bruises. What is it?” Sherlock asked sharply, giving his other doctor an accusing glare, “Is it contagious?”
Sherlock had a bit of rouge on his lips and cheeks, just enough to contrast his sun-kissed skin. He looked radiant and beautiful with his touseled curls.
Lestrade bolted around the bonfire as well, tripping on a log- he hoped- and toppling to the ground. When he scrambled up and cleared the putrid mess of burning flesh he found Sherlock kneeling beside John. He was leaning against the well with his eyes shut. His lips were cracked and bleeding and his face was grey beneath the sunburn. The rest of the men who had jumped in the gig with them caught and stood there in shock. Another gig-full showed up while Sherlock dribbled fluids into John’s mouth. Donovan was on the boat, but Victor was kneeling by Sherlock’s side with his face tense with fear.
Molly saluted her husband and then marched out of the cabin to ring the duty bell. The crew thought their First Mate was a partial mute so she communicated with flags, hand signs, and a chalkboard. He’d even seen her get creative one day and use a flageolet to make disapproving sounds at a crewman who wasn’t working fast enough. None of them knew she was a woman. That was for two reasons, the first being that she was on the run from her drunkard father who had tried to sell her off to pay off his gamboling debts; the second was because most of the men on this ship were the superstitious type and had already opted not to be on the ship with either the female captain or the mad captain.
A flash of flags and then Mannings tossed two ropes down. John looked confused and Sherlock grinned as he dragged him over to them.
Sherlock knelt in the fore of the rowboat as they took to the docks. The shallows hadn’t allowed them to dock completely without being grounded a heavy boat at such a small pier. Sherlock stood easily on the side of the boat with his usual catlike grace and stepped off onto the lower dock meant for fishmen to disembark in skiffs. He strode up the steps and down the longdock with a wide smile to his face. There he stopped. His cannons could reach further, but he wasn’t about to risk it. These were uncivilized people and might open fire before engaging in dialogue. Sherlock smiled widely at the people hurrying down to see him. In quick order he deduced the leaders on their way towards him.
John pulled the bandages back and studied his wound. The herbal packing around the newly opened wound was helping to keep the infection and swelling down. John had been changing it daily himself and would continue to do so. There was no need to bother his parents. As for the wound itself, he had been the one to treat it the first time around, but he’d had nothing to properly sanitize I with. He’d boiled some ocean water and done what he could with that. It had burned horrifically despite being cool enough to place on his wound and the edges had turned white. He’d known then he was in trouble, but he’d had no way to deal with it. He’d been in a hurry to get to Sherlock. Now he just had to hope that Sherlock had found his message despite it not being in plain sight.
“You’ve made a grievous error, Sherlock,” Mycroft stated coldly, his eyes narrowed in anger, “What am I to do with you?”
, my doctor,” Holmes replied, his voice rasping with desire as he sat back to meet John’s eyes, “I’ve never met someone who liked it before despite spending the last twelve years of my life around privateers and pirates. You’re someone who stands up to me without fear. You always seem to know right from wrong… you make me
He squinted at his orders and the guard on the other side got disgusted enough to pull them from his hand and glance them over, “Holmes. He’s that way. Second on the left.”
“That you had infiltrated our ship? Ages. Who you were specifically? Now. Truth be told I suspected Victor. It seemed more like you to get as close to me as possible. You look different, Jim.”
that had just sliced through the one he’d been on as a hot knife slid through butter. He was now part of half of a boat that would plummet down into the waves as soon as the attacking boat propping it up slipped away.
Lestrade studied the pink wax around the bottle’s cork that had kept it from drenching into the letter. He broke it open, pulled the cork with his hip knife, and spent a good ten minutes grumbling as he tried to get the letter out. Inside was a sketch of their former cook- Moriarty himself- but something had smeared one side of his face. Lestrade turned it over after swearing to himself and narrowed his eyes at the words on the back.
“He wouldn’t have torn them out if they weren’t important. I’m certain he meant to use them to save my life. I left him his treasure- and I searched that thoroughly- but I returned with a few items that I hadn’t had time to search before they arrested me in Florida. Examine them carefully.”
John stammered and sputtered but Holmes decided to bypass the argument and pushed his hand and blanket out of the way to take his cock in hand. John moaned, eyes rolling back as the rough hand stroked across his sensitive cock, working the foreskin back and rubbing his precum around the head with his thumb. John was panting for it, his body aching for release, but he pulled away anxiously anyway.
I have had my surgery and return a new enby. Thank you all for your support through a difficult time.
“And within a few seconds of seeing you lying on that floating prison I knew you were a doctor who was chasing after a lost lover. I knew you’d left home seven months prior. I knew you were going to Iceland and had been captured a day before you reached it.”
“They are,” Dimmock replied with an easy smile, “But most would rather not admit it. They’ll keep slugging along unless they’re unable to. Only those near death go to the doctor. Honestly, we rarely get hurt because the boat does most of the fighting for us.”
What greeted his wavering vision was a man with eyes too young for his grey hair and a cheerful smile.
A scholar, likely the teacher for their tiny school. A Protestant reverend. A Catholic priest. A man who had too much to drink far too often and was therefore a politician.
John’s eyes opened weakly and they all stared at him hopefully. He reached up to his neck and tugged at something shiny there. Sherlock helped him pull it free with his trembling fingers. It was a silver chain with three rings on it. John gripped the rings and weakly pulled at them, trying to break the chain. Sherlock helped him ease it open instead and John’s shaking hand fumbled with the ring, finally selecting one with tiny blue and green stones dotting a golden surface. It looked like the ocean at sunrise. John pressed it into Sherlock’s hands and gave him a weak smile before letting his eyes fall shut again. His breathing faltered, turning rasping, and Sherlock coaxed more fluids into his mouth. He drank it weakly but most dribbled down his chin.
There was this insane moment where he blindfolded me and tied me up in my sex swing. I thought it would be more of the same. The crop. Maybe a discarded pole from an oar he’d used on me once that had left me bruised for near a month. No, he had an
“Lestrade and Donovan, yes. Donovan still hates me for it, but she loves me too. After all, I gave her what she likely never would have had.”
about it,” Holmes snarled as if that were the worse sin, “He gets five lashes per stolen chip. For those of you who are incapable of basic math- which is most of you- that amounts to one hundred and five lashes.”
That was where John’s luck ran out, because the four other men who had been in the process of casting off after Mary now froze. John’s movements may have been slick, but the boat was only 60 feet long. It was easy to draw people’s eyes away from his face, but not away from having just killed a man right in front of them.
They’re based in Tortuga. Magnus Heinason was a red herring. Even Moriarty doesn’t know. He’s involved in this as well but there’s another player, but they haven’t named him or her. Hopefully Sherlock DOES kill off most of the town or we’re in serious trouble. The end game is to raze the palace to the ground during a revolt and blame the people on it!
Sal didn’t answer and soon John lay found himself simply waiting through the long process. He dozed and woke, studied Sherlock’s pretty visage or watched Sal chew on xyr lip. The tapping eventually ended and a bandage was placed over the tattoo.
Holmes’ eyebrows drew down and he gave John a suspicious look, “You answered that too fast. So it was something. Were you in my bed?”
“You mentioned a brother the other day. That he was trying to keep you away from people due to some… impulses you have.”
- tap out the tattoo onto his back, tapping the device to thrust it through the first layer of his skin. It stabbed and then burnt after and John hissed at the first few strikes before calming and relaxing into the pain. He didn’t prompt Sal again and soon xe began to talk on xyrown.
When I was old enough to walk I jumped into da sea, swam to England, demanded dey free mah people, and den took to privateering to prove meself and mah people are equals to da white folk.”
“Well, that’s something you don’t see every day. Since when has Heinason started taking prisoners? And since when does a prison
a shite doctor,” Holmes corrected arrogantly, “He was a traitor. Mr. Wilkes here was just about to tell us that he was drinking a tea since he couldn’t eat apples and disliked vegetables. That tea would be an extract of the needles of the Eastern White Cedar, which is a known preventative for scurvy when other means are not available. We have several bushels of the needles on the ship… we also have several bushels of various other pine needles on the ship for use in deodorization of the privy and to stuff the captains’ mattresses. A substitution with the
and then tried to cover it up somehow. John stared down at the body now wrapped in a hammock and being slowly carried away. He’d basically poisoned a man for nearly a year and had gone out of his way to harm others. John felt any responsibility he might have had for his death vanish with the corpse into the murky sea.
Sherlock ran the blade across my shoulders, then down along my side. I had to hold my breath because the touch was so light it was almost ticklish and I was afraid of what would happen if I jarred his hand. Then he moved it across my lower back in a motion that drew him directly over where my trousers tied. It had a peculiar affect on me and I gasped as my cock began to thicken. From that moment on every nerve in my body was alive. Every touch of the blade was a river of fire across my flesh. My fear vanished as I arched into the drag across my trembling skin. He teased me with it for over an hour, leaving me gasping and panting, my cock weeping a puddle on the floor… then he pressed harder. I gasped and stilled as he pressed hard and I could feel something dripping down my sides. I knew I should be as still as possible but the fact he was slicing me open had me losing all control. I was hyperventilating. My breath came in frantic pants and I was wheezing with each one. I could hear him behind me, laughing darkly as he moved the blade across my lower back again, and damn him to the ninth hell if I didn’t let lose a scream and then come spectacularly across the floor. My vision went white, I was drooling, sobbing, and shaking horribly. I had no idea how bad the damage was or if I would even be able to have it cared for since I was the only doctor on board.
Sherlock opened the door and welcomed xem in, clearly having prepared for the occasion in advance. Sal had a box with xem and was quick to pull up Sherlock’s desk chair beside the bed. The box had little legs that folded out and xe set them up to sit beside xem. Xe wasn’t looking at John’s face and John wasn’t sure if he should be engaging xyr. He glanced at Sherlock to find he looked bored and had slouched down in John’s sex swing. He was pushing himself back and forth like a little girl and John gave him a light laugh.
John headed for the edge of the boat to relieve himself since he still hadn’t earned a key to the privy and that was one thing that couldn’t be added to your debt bag- it wasn’t a necessity so you couldn’t have it if you were in the red. Once he’d finished pissing off the side of the boat- made more difficult by his slowly wilting erection- he cast about for something to make himself useful and spied a mop and bucket. As always there was a bucket of chips beside it. If he scrubbed the deck he could turn that chip in and decrease his debt, and that wasn’t anyone’s specific ‘job’ so no one could tell him not to do it. He headed over and grabbed the mop, determined to push himself as hard as he had to in order to eliminate as much debt as possible. He wouldn’t dishonor himself again!
‘My pet,’ He purred, and kissed my lips with such delicacy that I shivered. I was mourning the damage done to my body, but only because I feared that the time I had to spend healing would keep me from his bed.
“We’ll need supplies to make the poison,” Sherlock shouted over his shoulder as he scrambled down a ladder and headed for the galley.
John. I can’t stand to be laughed at. I went down to my cabin, found Lestrade’s old bullwhip, and walked up to the deck with it. I beat him with it. I beat him and fought off everyone who tried to stop me after the fifth lash. I was a skilled swordsman. It took Lestrade to disarm me and even then I screamed and ranted in outrage. By the time they managed to subdue me the man was dead.”
“Hell yes, I am, and I’m the only one on this ship without an ounce of debt. If you think I’m changing that you’re out of your damn mind. Here are the rules: You don’t wake me up. If I’m asleep you don’t eat. I’m awake for half an hour before and after each bell except for the dogged watches; I’m awake all through them and an hour before. If you’re
“We’re not taking you to Iceland unless our targets take us within at least 2 kilometers of a port. If you stay with us you have a chance of earning a cut at the end of our journey. We’ll negotiate that when you’re feeling a bit better, but for now just know that money will likely catch your lady up faster than the title that obviously didn’t keep her.”
John had rather expected his reputation to be destroyed by his attempt to get Mary back, but since no one knew what had truly happened he returned sickly and embarrassed. His father nursed him back to health without comment. His mother asked him what happened once he was able to sit up and eat on his own. John wasn’t ready to face it. He broke down and wept, his mother sat on the edge of his bed and wrapped him up in her arms as if he were a child again. John cried himself out over the next few days. He mourned his lost future. He mourned the love he’d left behind. He mourned Sherlock himself, because in all likelihood his captain was dead.
“You heard me!” The man replied sharply, “Lash him down so he doesn’t get hurt if he can’t fight and get topside.”
Greg chuckled, “You’ve been spending time around Sherlock again. It’s time to hide all those gorgeous curves.”
. The pirate population was mostly made up of French and Englishmen, along with a small number of Dutchmen. In 1645, in an attempt to bring harmony and control over the island, the acting French governor imported roughly 1,650
Silence. And fear. Wide eyes all around the ship stared up at them as Lestrade watched the crew question their loyalty and safety with the man who was clearly losing his mind.
“Good lad,” Lestrade grinned, “A doctor, eh? I’ll let the Admiral know. He lost his doctor a month back.”
“Raising and lowering a boat several times over can be so tedious,” Sherlock explained, then he waited for
“Bring those here, no point wasting the fabric. We can alter them quite a bit to make them seaworthy. They could be your… nice clothes.”
“My brother was willing to overlook an Island woman being First Mate, but Captain? Never. We captured two pirate ships and I declared them captains and pulled into a harbour to start renovations. I designed the alterations to the ships myself after studying architecture and boat structure for a week. They all told me it would never float. It did. They told me it would never
The man folded up the missive and stuck it inside his jacket, and Mycroft continued down the steps into the lower levels. The smell was foul and the layer of rushes and straw did little to lessen it. If anything it just added a mouldy layer to the atmosphere. Sherlock was curled up on a mat staring off at the far wall with a look of miserable acceptance on his face. His hanging was in less than three hours.
Another boat slid by, this one also coated in metal armour, and he stared up at it curiously. He’d never seen a craft like that, but then he’d rarely been near the ocean until this mad voyage. As he stared up he saw faces staring down at him. He lifted a hand in one last effort to ask for help and someone jumped over the edge. John pushed himself weakly up on his elbows as water sloshed in due to the sudden addition of weight, drenching his clothes and soaking the feet of the man who now stood barefoot in his tiny, damp cell.
They had drifted off the coast, just out of firing range of the land bound cannons, and watched as a few frantic ships launched at top speed within an hour of their warnings being posted. They fired a shot at each, sunk them, and circled around to watch for more while scooping up survivors from the water. Women and children were stowed in their small prison, the men were put through Sherlock’s deductive test, and those he deemed pirates were killed. Then there was a lull in the early morning hours as the late-night folk turned in until around mid-day. When they woke up there was some hustle and bustle, a few people walked the peers, an attempt at shooting at them was made, and then silence as they were ignored.
She waved her hand at Sherlock who rolled his eyes and shook his head in amusement, “That’s quite enough Sal. You’ve made your point. Sal, by the way, is
“Good man, straight to business,” Sherlock agreed, “Sadly, I don’t care. You see, I’m here for one treasure and one treasure only; a man by the name of John Watson. So fetch him if you would. Spit spot. Faster you go the faster you’re back, and the condition he’s in will determine your fate.”
,” John replied sharply, giving Sherlock a reproving look. He was so unused to receiving such looks that his jaw clicked shut and he leaned forward to hear the wheezed reply.
An hour later they heard the haunting tone of his violin and Lestrade shuddered in fear. Sherlock had only played cheerful tunes around John, or if they were sad than they were the pieces that he used to help his thinking process. This, however, was a piece that Sherlock had written two years ago when he’d first conceived of his horrific idea of poisoning the water supplies of islands that supported pirates. He’d originally wanted to enact his plan on Skansin, cutting out Moriarty’s right hand man Magnus Heinason, however since John had appeared he’d altered the plan to be Tortuga instead. Lestrade knew the reason, but it had been forbidden to discuss any plans- past or future- about Skansin. Mycroft had originally
John turned several shades of white, red, and green. Sherlock worried he’d faint, but he took a deep breath and replied with: “I need to check on my patient.”
“The one where my cabin boy refuses to let me beat and fuck him until get rid of the chip system and let him beat the crew!”
he felt when he brought him off. The thrill. The satisfaction of having given someone else pleasure for the first time in his life. Then horror. Fear. Guilt.
The town spat on them when they walked in the streets. Some stalls in market refused to serve them. John shamelessly stole what he needed if it was refused him legally, but he was good at what he did. They had no proof against him. When rumours of witchcraft started up he began to genuinely fear for their future, but by then, as His Lordship would have it, a boat was seen on the horizon and John knew he was saved.
“Soon the sun will bleach your hair again, take out those sandy roots you’ve grown in. You’ll be mine again, dearest John.”
John’s breath fluttered in his lungs. Holmes brushed his lips teasingly over John’s and then moved sideways to kiss along his jaw, his teeth teasing at his ear. John’s cock was hardening beneath the blanket and he clutched at it in fear and loathing.
The rest of John’s day went much the same. He tried to find something he could do to earn blankets for the night- it was dreadfully cold at night lately- and perhaps a hammock, but he was getting nowhere fast. He learned a great deal, as everyone was eager to spell things out for the ‘dead weight’ they’d just inherited. John was quick to tell them that he was a doctor and would be patching them up soon, but they only laughed at him until he stopped mentioning it. Finally Dimmock took pity on him and explained their amusement.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and a man behind John adjusted his erection in his trousers while licking his lips, clearly eager for more.
John screwed his eyes shut as they approached fifty, his backside felt as if it were on fire and his erection was starting to dwindle. The next strike didn’t fall and he took a few minutes to shift miserably as he hung over the rail. Holmes dropped down on one knee and made a show of examining his consciousness. While the people below probably thought he was checking him for broken flesh the people
“No! Wait!” John was snatched up in Frank’s firm grip and tugged upright, “Hang on! I’m still recovering! I can’t just… Wait!”
while John recovered. John was passed down the ladder and Holmes ordered Dimmock to take him to sickbay.
“You’ll see,” Sherlock grinned, “Everything is looking up. Anderson! If they want the chips so much let them keep them! They’re worthless now!”
“They’re paid at the end of the voyage! There’s no reason for this lunacy! Just let them do their duties and flog them if they don’t!” John ranted.
“My people are from islands,” Xe told him, “We saw dem pulled from the sea by the gods. We know of the moving of fish and currents. One such god saw me trown into de sea by a white devil such as ye self. Dey decided I was worth more dan dat and gave me powers. I used dem to change my body to make me happy.”
“We’ve got one ship, Sherlock. I realized the treaty a while back reduced the pirating in Tortuga, but it’s still pretty wild there. We can’t take them on alone, so unless you’re planning on
tipping to one side. Voices shouted, screams echoed through the foul smelling prison. Some shouted they were saved, others begged for death, but still more lay still and past the point of salvation. Smoke filled the prison. The boat tipped again, this time falling on such an angle that John slid down his hay-strewn cell and slammed fully into the wall on the far side. The world erupted around him in smoke and the scream of wood. John sobbed as he realized the boat was under attack and coming apart at the bulwarks. A wall was literally
!” Holmes hopped down of the rail and pointed at two people, “YOU TWO! MAINSAILS! YOU THREE BACK TO THE CHIPS OR YOU’LL BE FLOGGED! THE REST OF YOU BACK TO YOUR DUTIES!”
you want?” John asked, his voice trembling as Holmes leaned down and began licking the rum from John’s body, “Oh gods!”
“Only I would be subjected to such punishment since I was leading you. The crew would be free of punishment.”
Sherlock smirked as they all reached the dock at various times and stood there looking awkward while waiting for the last to arrive. When the four were finally situated in front of him the drunkard politician was the first to speak up, and that said a lot about what kind of town they were. Sherlock normally found the religious leader to be the one who spoke, but with a town divided between Protestant and Catholic it was likely the two spent too much time fighting to actually create a unified structure in the town.
“This is a crew of entirely men,” Sherlock snorted, “You think we go without the touch of another for three years straight? Why do you think so many don’t have hammocks? They didn’t lose them, they traded them for necessities when having two hammocks between two men became unnecessary.”
He fought himself for a moment and then turned and headed back for the bed. He climbed back in slowly, noting that Holmes was already working his hand over his shaft, his eyes closed and his face settled into lines of concentration. John slid beneath the covers, sighing at the return of warmth, and moved to take the man in hand. Holmes surrendered his cock to him with a relieved sigh and relaxed into the mattress more fully. John tried to pretend it was his own member he was stroking and found that worked rather well at first, until the man began to moan softly and thrust up into John’s hand. Then the sight of the cold man coming undone in front of him distracted him. His tan and freckled skin flushed as he arched his back, his sleep mussed hair began to cling to his forehead as he broke out in a light sweat. John was surprised to see he’d slept nearly naked- John had been to tired to notice anything besides warmth- and once the covers slipped down John was treated to pebbled nipples and a chest with a small patch of rough curls.
“Not bad for your first try,” Sherlock chuckled, “Although you may have disproved my theory about us being descended from apes.”
The taller man ran his fingers down the centre of John’s back, watching his muscles flex. He moved them down to John’s ass crack and back up to grip his hair lightly. He pulled and John hissed as his head was extended back at an awkward angle.
A chuckle brought his eyes from the expanse of Holmes’ splattered torso to his face and John wished he could sink down into the floor and vanish when he realized he’d been staring.
… you’re pretty for a man and it’s been a while since I was near a woman…” John replied, shifting away and wishing his erection had diminished.
“Did you see how many hands voted for a whip? You’ve been on this ship less than twenty-four hours and you already have enemies. What did you do to piss so many people off? Hmm?”
. He wasn’t sure his body could handle bloodloss and possible infection on top of all he’d already been through, even having had sleep and food recently.
“Mr. Wilkes here has made a grievous mistake. He stole twenty-one pay chips and turned them in. He wasn’t even
. If I don’t give them a battle to keep them sharp- a daily battle- than they will sink before this vessel reaches it’s next target and I will be crewless. As brilliant as I am, and as wondrous as these ships are, I can hardly sail all three back to England alone.”
“I need you to do something for me, brother,” Sherlock stated softly, “John had papers missing from his journal. I need you to find them.”
. They both knew he wasn’t either. This was a man of exceptional abilities and mental stamina. Not intelligent no, but not dull either. His mental faculties were as unique as Sherlock’s were, but just in a different way. He was the sun to Sherlock’s darkened window, brightening the desk so all the letters and numbers were visible for his perusal. He made it all
“You’re safe. Hold still, let me see you,” John’s voice was soft and reassuring as his hands came down on Sherlock’s wrist, lowering his defensive pose, and gently led him to another cot.
enjoy beating you, and I believe I mentioned I’d like to do so again,” Holmes purred, his deep voice reaching places in John’s body that he was deeply ashamed of.
The bells sounded for the first dogged watch, which was mealtime for the White Crew and the short- or dogged- watch for the Blue Crew. John’s stomach growled. He could smell the large meal of the day cooking in the galley and it was torture. He knew he could go down there and get food and simply take a debt hit, but it was starting to scare him. All of their debt bags were tacked downstairs on the galley wall and he’d seen his today. He had several red chips in there and he’d only been on the books for three days! It was half full! The cost to survive on this ship was more than most people in labor jobs made per day. He’d hoped to start earning back, possibly enough to request a hammock and blanket knowing he’d take a hit for those. It wasn’t looking possible.
John lay cold and shaking, the chain around his ankle had long ago chaffed his skin to the point of agony. His stomach had stopped protesting the lack of sustenance and decided rest would be best to save its energy for when it was needed again.
Sherlock!” John wailed, and ripping the toy out of John’s hand, Sherlock buried himself deeply inside John’s slick channel.  It was as though a veil had come down between Sherlock and the rest of the world; the only thought in his head was of the Omega underneath him.
“Sherlock?” John asked, gently.  “What is it, love?  What’s wrong?”  Sherlock turned away, making as though to get up from the sofa, but John laid his hand on Sherlock’s hip, staying his motion.  “Sherlock? Please tell me, love…”
Dr Watson was a short but muscular man, Sherlock had already deduced his military career from his posture and tan lines; he’d been back home for a while now, but the tan had been slow to fade.  He was dressed in a smart pair of loose chinos, with a hideous jumper; Sherlock couldn’t help thinking that a smart shirt would have shown off the definition of his pecs to a much better advantage.  Then again, the man was not yet ready to acknowledge his attraction to men, it made sense that he wouldn’t dress better, that way he would neither attract the men he wanted nor the women he didn’t.
Greg Lestrade started writing a text to send around to the usual suspects; they’d had a great result in court that afternoon, with one of their collars being banged up for 15 years.  He felt that they should go out and celebrate; it had been a gruelling trial, what with the defendant fighting every piece of evidence the team had carefully gathered.  When the jury had unanimously agreed that the lying little toerag was guilty as charged, it had sent a sigh of relief round the team.  Greg finished writing the message, hit the ‘send’ button, and then groaned as he realised he’d sent it to the group that included John.  He didn’t think he could stand another message refusing an invitation with a lame excuse.  To his immense surprise, one of the first messages he received back was from John, and was asking where he should be and at what time.  He replied back quickly with the pertinent details, then got his head down, tackling the huge pile of paperwork that would hopefully lead to another conviction in the next week or so.
“Any idiot can diagnose them,” he sneered.  “Take the blonde in the corner.”  Sherlock indicated the young woman sitting awkwardly, leaning to one side on the arm of her chair.  “Her problem is obviously centred on her groin, judging by the way she’s leaning in her seat with nobody next to her to talk to, she’s clearly too uncomfortable to sit normally, and the fidgeting tells its own tale.  Could be haemorrhoids, but the constant fiddling with her engagement ring and pained expression says STD, and not caught from her fiancé.”  Sherlock’s voice was loud enough to carry through to the waiting room, and the young woman had caught every word; she shot out of the seat and rushed from the waiting room, blushing furiously and mumbling to the dragon that she would come back another time.  Sherlock turned his attention to the spotty young man who had been watching both him and the young woman who had left, although he had turned away from her every time she glanced in his direction.  It was obvious they knew each other from their behaviour, and the fact that he had started to blush as quickly as she had told Sherlock all he needed to know about the nature of their relationship.  “As for him,” Sherlock continued, “from the way they were making a point of not looking at each other, he’s obviously the source of the problem.” The young man’s blush deepened and he hurried after his friend, glaring Sherlock as he went.  Sherlock turned to the only other patient in the waiting room – an elderly gentleman with high blood pressure, coming in for his routine checks to enable his repeat prescription to be renewed – and was about to open his mouth when Dr John Watson stepped up to the desk and asked, “Is there a problem?”
“Oh Anderson,” Sherlock sneered, “no wonder you’ve been caught, I’m amazed you can manage to get dressed in the mornings without assistance!  I know your glasses are new because I can see the marks behind your ears from where you haven't got used to them yet.  The fact that your glasses are new means you must have only just bought them, so you must have got them locally, and I know that there’s only one optician in the local area you could have got them from.  Oh, and this particular design is £400 for the frames alone.  Where did you get the money from? I know you don’t have savings, because of the botch job you’ve been doing with your car.  It’s obvious from the polishing that it’s your pride and joy, so if you’d got the money you’d have had the rust sorted out and the paintwork done properly, but you can’t, can you?  Or people will ask where you got the money; everyone knows you’re broke.  Glasses are easy, nobody pays attention to those unless they wear them too, and nobody in the garage does.  You probably told them you got them from the value range at Tesco.”
