“Boss is calling a meeting of all the Captains this evening at eight. There are also a few things I need your help with before then," She said quietly.
The next few weeks passed by in much the same way as before. John was still off searching for his revenge, or he could be dead at this point. There wasn't really any way for them to know. Their crops were hanging on by a thread after a few bad acidic rainstorms, but the weather had been improving since then. Dean hadn’t been out on any more scouting missions since the last one. Now that they had a full bottle of Rad-Away pills, there wasn't really a reason to go on any runs. They’d wait for John to stumble back home before they tried going out again.
“Feels a bit soon for that.” Even in the dark, Castiel could tell Dean was blushing.
“That’s okay, Cas,” Dean says and takes a step forward. “It’s not hard. I can show you, if you want.”
“I think it’s his old cell-mate,” Sam tells him. He pulls up a picture of a burly man who looks like he’d beat someone up for just looking at him funny.
“You’re sure?” Gabriel responds.
Castiel rifles through his pencil case for something to do. “I can’t find my favorite blue pen,” he says like it’s the end of the world. He hears Crowley audibly exhale next to him. “What’s wrong with you by the way?”
He runs his hands through Dean’s short hair and pulls on it lightly like he’d done last time they kissed. Just like last time it causes Dean to moan, and then they’re kissing again. Castiel deepens the kiss this time, and he’d almost forgotten how good Dean tastes. He notices his pants tightening rapidly and remembers the awkward position he’s in. There’s no way Dean isn’t going to notice with him practically sitting on his lap right now.
The man woke up the next morning to sunlight streaming in through one of the portholes on the side of the fishing boat. When he went to the bathroom, he looked in the mirror for the first time to take in his expression. He recognized the face staring back at him as his own, but he had no idea who he was. He didn't remember anything before waking up on the boat the night before. How was that even possible? As his face moved from neutral to confused, he decided that he looked like he was in his late twenties to early thirties. He had green eyes and a smattering of freckles across his nose and cheekbones. His hair was light brown and short, almost militaristic.
“Yes.”
“You’d be a fool not to take it,” Dean replied in Russian. He knew Dean was fluent in French and Spanish, but he didn’t realize he could also speak Russian. The sound of Dean’s voice speaking in his mother tongue did things to his insides that he didn't want to think about right now.
Dean looks back and forth between Aunt Naomi and the Guardian a couple times. He has no idea what they’re trying to get him to say. What could Jo’s looks have to do with her involvement in a resistance movement? “I d-don’t understand,” he says nervously.
“Maybe in a bit,” he responded. “Where is she?” Sam shrugged once he got closer to him. “Did they take her for a blood test?” Dean asked.
“Abbadon,” He said without turning his eyes away from Castiel.
Hope you all are still enjoying this!
“Do you think you can do it?” Crowley asked Gabriel.
When they got inside they immediately headed upstairs. It was always safer to find the higher ground. On the second floor, there was an old garbage can that looked like it was used to hold some sort of fire. There were also a couple sleeping bags and some empty bottles of liquor lying around. It looked like some raiders had been camped out here not long ago, but had since moved on.
“May the Great Alpha make me fruitful,” Jo responds in a monotone.
“Why?” Castiel asks. He's happy to be the center of attention again and doesn’t want Balthazar’s anxiety to ruin it.
“Sure! Anything,” the Alpha responds, quickly adding, “Within reason of course.”
“Where I come from, jokes are supposed to be funny,” Dean retorted, and Castiel had to disguise his chuckle as a cough. From the glare Crowley sent him, it was obvious he could tell he was laughing at him.
“I didn’t mind it,” Alistair sneers, “And I don’t think you did either. Besides, I just touched your neck.”
Luke and Marv look up with identical expressions on their faces, like children who got caught with their hands in the cookie jar. “I did,” Brady says excitedly, pulling his turtleneck to the side to show off the tie around his neck. Crowley ignores him, staring at the rest of them in expectation. Luke shows off the tie he’s using as a belt, and Marv pulls back his sleeve to show the tie wrapped around his wrist like a bracelet.
“Rad-Away,” Dean replied. He was about to tell the man that he needed it for his family, but he quickly remembered that he shouldn’t tell him any more than was necessary. Regardless of how friendly he’d acted so far, he was still a raider, and Dean needed to be careful. The man paused for a moment and then reached into his bag. He rummaged for a bit before pulling out a bottle of pills. He tossed the bottle to Dean who caught it on instinct. It was almost completely full! There were enough pills in there to last his family a few months at least! What the hell? “I can’t afford this.” Dean reached out to hand the bottle back to the man, but he just shook his head.
“Yeah, give me a second.” Dean types a few things into the computer and pulls up the screenshots in a row. The two of them look at the images side by side, but Dean still doesn’t notice anything out of place.
“I’m a three,” he says quietly, blushing. It’s as close as he’s come to actually admitting he’s bi out loud. Sam figured it out on his own, and Dean obviously knows he has a crush on Cas, but he’s never actually said it out loud.
He quickly shoots a text off to Cas because he doesn’t know what else to do at this point.
“Is he okay?” Dean heard Blue ask Meg, but he couldn’t see or feel anything. He was too numb. He let himself be led to the bedroom and heard Meg and Blue talking, but he couldn’t make out what they were saying. He heard the door shut and their two voices became even more muffled, but he just sat there motionlessly.
I seem to be entirely unable to stop myself from starting new WIPs, but hey, it's 2020, Supernatural is ending, the world is depressing, might as well keep writing away the pain :))
Monday, November 2
Charlie laughs, “You bisexuals think you never have to choose,” but she gives him a light shove to show she’s only joking. They spend the next half hour talking about all things ‘nerdy,’ and Dean knows the two of them are going to be great friends. He’s still curious why Cas would try to set him up with Charlie since she made it pretty clear that everyone knows she’s gay. Maybe Cas didn’t know somehow. Or maybe he did it on purpose so Dean wouldn’t be able to win the bet. He wouldn’t put it past him.
“I knew your mother.”
Castiel quickly mutes the phone again and signals Alfie to come over. They only have a minute to prep him. Gabriel helps Alfie sit down in the chair in front of the phone and tries to calmly explain what they need Alfie to do. They had multiple hours to prep Larry Pike, and now they only have a few seconds. Plus Alfie is a teenager which means he’s going to be more unpredictable on the call. This has the potential to go very badly.
“Are you done eating or do you want to take some of this back to the room?” Blue asked him once the cheers died down.
“We’d be co-hosting it obviously,” Castiel said to cement in his mother’s brain that this was what she’d been pushing for since the Winchesters got here—for him and Dean to be friends.
“Kali,” Crowley says, and Castiel freezes.
“I mean your friend Ofrichard. I’m not going to let you fuck this up for me.”
He turns into the Rolstons’ driveway where he knows a black van will be parked. He can almost feel Ofal tense up when she sees it. “Castiel, what’s going on?” She asks. She doesn’t sound scared yet, just confused.
“He didn’t. He sent his driver, Castiel.”
Dean almost told him the truth, but then he thought about how angry Castiel would be if he started saying they were friends behind his back, and he couldn't resist. “Yeah I kind of am. How did you know?”
“He’s a career criminal,” the chief begins. “He spent two years in prison in the nineties for forging checks. Then he went off of our radar and was seemingly an upstanding citizen until now. We checked his antiques store the moment you put in the call to us that he’s the guy, and we found a bunch of faked antiquities. He’s been scamming people for years and getting away with it, but apparently he’s still in a lot of debt which made him more desperate and careless.”
“Seriously,” said Castiel, although he didn’t know what they were seriously-ing about.
“Yeah?” Said Castiel. He watched halfheartedly as Dean poured a bright pink drink into a cup on the other side of the room, smiling somewhat impishly.
“Normal thing to do?” Asked Meg.
he wrote.
“Yeah, that’s fair.”
“Oh, no, no, no…” He rushes up the stairs again, the voice behind him yelling “You’re welcome!”
Dean hesitated, and sighed, and walked around the table to touch his hand. “All this fighting… It’s silly, Cas. Wherever you wanna be – I’m right there with ya. Yeah, I wanted to go to this stupid dance with you and have an amazingly awful time, but without you, it’s just awful.”
Even if he had to tail-slap.
“I visited back in February, Actually, and decided to move right after.”
“But you won't ever read this. I won't let you know. You've already taken so much of my heart that I never had any intention of giving – it's all I can do to hold on to what's left. Imagine if you leaned all your weight on one person, and that person decided to leave.”
“Extremely,” Dean grinned.
Anna looked over at Dean and tilted her head, checking him out, and biting her bottom lip.
In the middle of winter, Wayward Sisters looked like a ghost town. The trees were bare. Fog settled around the buildings, swallowing everything in sight. Castiel spent most of his days in his room, studying.
“Just to know what it feels like.”
“It’ll get better,” said Chuck.
“Google it.”
Girls. Lovely and elegant, and none of them good enough.
A familiar voice answered him, and everything around him disappeared like a fog clearing out. He was back in his bed, his limbs heavy, phone in hand. He’d answered it out of sleep.
“I already do,” smiled Castiel. “And so do you.”
“So what do we do?” Asked Dean. Castiel pursed his lips. He only had one idea in mind, and it involved multiple things he was uncomfortable with.
He resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Of course he could.
“I meant you and Dean.”
"A stupid thing. For someone."
“Good for him."
Largely, it was loud and pompous. The delegates asserted themselves by talking over each other, suggesting horrible strategic decisions and occasionally hurling wine at each other’s faces, while John sat at the head of the table and quietly contemplated his existence.
“He’s just looking out for you,” he answered. “He might be unreasonable, but he has good intentions.”
“Move to Canada and never tell them.”
“What’re you reading?” He asked. He felt Cas close the book to look at him, or maybe at the open field.
With a certain amount of dread, Castiel went back up to look for his brother the shifter had imposed before. He found Luci knocked out in the bathroom - and now he was wondering whether it was his search of the upper floor that had distracted the creature from finishing the attack on his brother and kept him alive.
“No one dislikes you,” she said.
The living room became a mess of people pacing around, wailing, and sitting down on the couch with their heads in their hands. Michael took the kids to the next-door neighbors, and Raphael called the police.
“He’ll walk it off,” said Michael. “Next time something happens, ask someone else to call.” And he hung up.
“You got a better idea?” Garth shot as he passed by them.
"Your ugly haircut," said Claire, shrugging when he glared at her.
And there it was: a canvas bag of flour. He grabbed a handful and threw it with force over his head.
. ...- . .-. -.-- - .... .. -. --. / .. ... / .- -.-. -.-. --- .-. -.. .. -. --. / - --- / .--. .-.. .- -.
“Okay,” said Castiel.
“I bet she’s scary, like Meg,” said Kevin.
“I’m sure he’d rather have you tell him than hide things from him.”
And then Castiel said, “Do you want me to quiz you?” And everything seemed to go back to normal.
“I don’t understand.” He turned around to find Cas leaning over his project, squinting at it.
With the months came classroom debates, religious disagreements and stingy jokes. By the beginning of the second year of college they hated each other with a passion. Deep down, Dean was convinced they could have gotten along if only they’d started on the right foot, but it was too late to start fresh now. This was war, and Cas was a vicious enemy. On September 27, Cas “accidentally” spilled hot Chocolate on Dean’s shirt. On October 2, Dean got Cas stuck in the elevator for five whole minutes.
What was stopping him from doing it, right now? What was the worst that could happen – things getting awkward between them? He didn't think it could get any more awkward than, “we used to date, it ended horribly, and now no one mentions it even when everyone feels it's there”.
“Is this us?” He asked Dean.
“Great. Am I finally gonna meet this no one you’ve been talking about for days?”
“Are you serious?”
“Of course.”
As if nothing happened. Their crowd seemed to be just as surprised at Dean’s behavior as Castiel himself, but no one said anything.
"Actually," Claire snatched her ticket back. "I'm gonna take the back seat and spend some quality time with the weirdo stranger we're letting into our house."
“The knife slipped out of her hand,” Cas argued. The bell for fourth period rang and everyone got up from their seats, saying goodbye, except Cas and him.
Back in his apartment, he grabs his phone and opens Gmail, frantically refreshing the drafts section.
“Eee...” Said Dean.
“How thoughtful,” said Castiel. “Thanks.” He didn’t sound thankful at all.
The relief that washed over Castiel was only restrained by his confusion. Why in the hell would Dean untie him, apologize to him? They must not have found it after all. Maybe one of the documents he’d taken with him subdued them, made them wary of others coming after him. He couldn’t think of a document that would scare a pirate into releasing him of custody, but then again, he had quite the stack of papers in his belongings. Had to take everything with him. After all, he wasn’t going back home.
“Explains all the weird shit,” said Dean.
“So you never mentioned how your car broke down.”
A few pairs of eyes rose to look for Castiel’s reaction. He glanced at Dean, searching for support. Dean looked up from the map, distracted, and shrugged.
“I dunno. Like a trip?”
“All of them,” said Castiel.
“Easy,” said Dean. “Feel emotions.”
He didn't know how to say,
“Yikes,” said Dean. “Though pretty known. Get in the game, man. Here: In ancient Greek, the word ‘idiot’ meant anyone who wasn't a politician. Today it's the opposite.”
She wasn’t wrong. They had both been their worst selves back then, and it had been extremely messy, and it ended bad.
“Yeah. Okay. Alright. So, basically…” Dean raised his eyes to him, and he looked so lost. “Basically, everything you can imagine when you think ‘monster’ is real.”
“I figured they gave you the form when you signed up for school,” said Charlie. They were at the seniors floor now, and she led him toward a bulletin board.
“So?”
“Will you excuse us for a second?” He asked. Dean followed him out of the room.
Castiel shrugged, trying to make it seem as nonchalant as Dean did.
“Maybe not,” Cas said. He shoved the hat into Dean’s hand and looked back at their snowman. Dean swallowed, and looked away so that Cas wouldn’t catch him staring. But he couldn’t focus on anything, anymore, apart from the notion that all at once, his heart wasn’t his.
“Who is it?” Sam wondered.
By the time he cleaned the barf and returned to his spot behind the cash register, it was past noon, and Cas was nowhere to be seen. Shame. Dean really felt like scowling at someone some more, and he secretly worried that if he so much as thought of grimacing in Meg’s direction she would pull a knife out of her boot and put it against his throat.
His brain hurried to amend.
“I don't read it,” he replied, doing his best to imitate Cas’ nonchalance. “You talk about it too much. Maybe I should hang out with you less.”
He presses
“Thanks,” he smiled at Dean. “I like it a lot.”
“Forget it.”
“Halloween isn’t really my thing,” he answered. “I don’t see the point in dressing up and trying to be someone I’m not.”
Cas nodded at him.
Sam took a step in, frowning at the shirt. “Dear God,” he muttered. They looked at Dean, waiting for an answer.
Dean looked at his phone with bewilderment for a moment. Then he walked back into the dining room.
He clenched his teeth, ducking to dodge Dean’s quick knife blow, and sliced the air in the direction of Dean’s face. Dean parried it with a blade that has been hiding in his boot and, with his free hand, stroke Castiel’s side with force. Castiel’s lungs gave a pained huff, but he didn’t falter. He only stroke harder.
“Which Richard?” Dean asked. He looked at the clock. One fifteen. Lunchtime. He could take a break soon.
“It’s
“‘In confidence’ means we forget it ever happened and never talk about it again.”
“We can do Announcement Contest,” Cas said.
Castiel suppressed a groan; he hated riddles. This was really not his day.
“I don't know his hobbies. I don't know what he eats for dinner.” Dean raised his arms and dropped them for dramatic effect. “I don't even know which spoon he likes to be.”
“It’s a man’s shirt,” Sam pointed at the shirt, as if his words could be mistakenly associated with another shirt. Dean felt the blood drain from his face. “Jesus, Dean, is this the revenge thing again? I told you, stealing Crowley’s things isn’t gonna make him stop turning your hostages into hamsters-“
Dean didn’t move.
Dean looked at him with the uncertainty of a person who’d just laid his heart and soul down on a table for someone else to pick up or stomp on. But Castiel nodded slowly.
Slowly, everyone arrived.
“What?” It came out a little weak, but Cas heard him. He tried to get to the metal rod without the hologram demon noticing. Metal seemed to be a weakness for it.
“That we should complain while getting more drinks.”
“Forget it.”
“Are you still out there?”
“I dunno, Cas,” Dean said behind him. “It looks pretty messed up.”
“Did she move?” Dean asked.
"What do you want?" Claire asked. He slumped onto the couch beside her, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“Well, I mean… You know. The lying. And the hiding. The whole ‘killer monster’ business. Everyone around me dying and all that. I just figured…” He took a breath. “Once you found out, things wouldn’t last much longer. And maybe that’s for the best.”
Maybe Castiel should have felt something about that. Maybe he should have thought Dean was weak, or emotional, or pathetic, or cute. But he had no opinion either way. Sometimes guys cried. And sometimes they didn't. Either way, Dean’s emotions were valid, even if Castiel still wasn’t exactly sure which one Iron Man was.
“Not really.”
At the edge of the world, Castiel looked into Dean’s eyes.
“When I killed Lilith,” said Dean, eyes moving around Castiel’s face as if he were trying to solve an algebra problem. “Trying to stop her from letting the devil out... Well.” His eyes dropped from Castiel’s face with an emotion Castiel almost didn’t recognize on him.
“Except...” Said Castiel, and he looked up. “We still have to work. And I’m not sure it’s a good idea to leave my father for so long...”
Dean’s eyes moved from the schedule board to look at him. They stood at a corner of the train station, where blue and red neon lights caught in Dean’s hair and gave it a soft glow.
Cas head tilted slightly in question, but Dean shook his head.
“What do you think he’s doing there? A hunter surrounded by demons?”
A memory flashed behind Castiel’s eyelids; Dean holding his hand and looking the other direction. Dean kissing him, uncertainly, not at all in the way that he expected.
Oh, sweet Jesus.
But he had nothing better to do this evening. And, to be completely honest, what made him seriously consider this was the fact that if he walked away, the chances this man would find anyone else to help him were zero, if he was being optimistic, and zero-plus-getting-arrested-for-disturbing-the-neighborhood if he was being realistic.
And so this was a situation he found himself, voluntarily, inside of. Charlie showed up with dinner, which was pretty nice of her, or maybe just strategic since he wouldn’t have had much to offer her.
“Do you want me to cuddle you?” Garth asked. He raised his eyebrows. “I’ll let you be the big spoon. Everyone likes being the big spoon. It makes you feel tough.”
“The hall is just around the corner.”
) and opened the door.
“So, flood” Dean said, looking at the king.
“I think you love it,” Cas said.
“Ow!”
“You don't really believe that rumor,” Hannah said in a way that would have made Dean feel stupid.
“We were going through a rough time,” Dean answered. “I guess that’s how I felt at that moment. But that was one moment out of thousands.”
He looked down at the flight attendant. Then he looked at the three faces staring at him from the entrance to the plane sleeve. Claire waved him over with an impatient frown. He could practically hear her internal
“Seems like no one wins today,” Meg mumbled.
“Open it,” said Dean.
“Come in.”
“What?” Dean repeated. “Is that why I didn’t see your house for half a year?” He gasped. “Oh my god, that’s why you didn’t wanna go to your house last year and you made me show you my Shrek swamp. Oh my god.”
“The kitchen.”
but Meg wasn’t there.
“I did
not for whatever these bullshit tests determined based on whatever.”
He kicked Cas in the shin.
“I’m sure you did well,” Dean smiled at him, speaking quietly over the squabble that ensued. His arm disappeared from Castiel’s shoulder, and he reached for his water bottle. “Thank God for the winter dance,” he said, taking a swig. Castiel eyed him.
“We’ve got this,” said Dean and took the tangle. “You handle the balls.”
Then, in one moment, time seemed to slow down. At first Dean didn’t realize why. Then he glanced to his left.
“Where’s the fun in that?”
“No,” he said, and it came out extremely unconvincing. “We’re on a break.”
“I bet she’s a boring book nerd,” said Hannah, looking at him. “She’s boring, isn’t she?”
Dean seemed to reach the point where he was too angry to shout, or even speak. He covered his face with his hands, breathing slowly and deliberately. And through his hands, he said: "It feels like the longer we're together the harder it gets.”
“Eh...” said Castiel. “Yes.”
“You need to narrate.”
And Dean must’ve heard all those thoughts in his brain, or maybe he was thinking the same thing, or whatever else that brought him to the same conclusion, because he said, with his eyes on the kitchen table,
He used to think it did. Used to believe it with everything he had. But strange things happened when you broke up with someone. Promises, words of love, entire futures – they all broke. Not at first; at first you still believed them. But time had its way around these things. Drop by drop, it changed the strongest vows, the most earnest whispers in the dark, until there was an ocean between the two of you, so vast you couldn’t even imagine how you used to be so close.
“Okay.”
“You asshole. I’m-”
“Because boring couples don’t give each other daggers for presents,” he answered.
“I think we’re good,” said Castiel. “Aren’t we good?”
“Who the hell’s house is this?” Charlie asked, coming to stand on Dean’s other side.
“Just eat it.”
“You’re still mad?” Cas asked once Garth was gone.
“It’s not… It’s not like that,” Charlie tried, but her despaired voice indicated that she comprehended how exactly like that it was. Cas was taken captive on this ship, and he would never stay if the opportunity to leave arose. All he ever spoke about was free will, his new life and that kind of nonsense.
"Could make a phone call while he's waiting," Dean grumbled as he let Claire drag him into the living room; but when he saw the CD on the coffee table he stopped. "We're not watching that."
Dean-like behavior. It wasn’t a behavior he’d picked up from Dean, if that was what Charlie was thinking. He wondered whether Dean picked it up from him. Or if they were both like this, before they met each other.
Her words made his stomach sink. He looked around for Dean.
"Not interested," he answered without looking up.
Bobby’s eyes skimmed the overflowing table. “Let’s get to work, then.”
“Hey, brother,” said the guy.
“Because…” Dean scratched his head. “I… I get snacky. And, you know, they only let you buy one meal per ticket.”
“Or they could have just abandoned her. We don’t know.”
“That’s just ‘cause you got cheeky. We could’a had thirty out of thirty if you hadn’t thrown them, like, three feet in the air instead of throwing them straight at me.”
“I guess.” He glanced at Dean. He didn't feel nervous; he felt a little grateful, and a little lucky.
“Is this it?” Dean asked. He pointed at a deserted barn half a mile down the side of the road.
No. No, no, no…
"Safety net," Claire finished, eyeing him. "You're scared you'll be leaving me alone."
The briefcase:
“It’s quiet,” said Cas.
“Okay,” Castiel said, viewing the note Dean had given him. He looked at Dean, squinting. “Are you alright?”
“I…” But he didn’t even know where to start. So he looked into its eyes, and he said,
All the way east and north to Scotland, only to dive into freezing water and stab a sea monster in the toe, and go back the way they’d come. The crew was getting impatient, but Dean’s excitement was contagious. It was admirable, in a way, the sight of him standing in front of his crowd and instilling his buzz in them. Sitting on a crate, affixing his body language and the keen look in his eyes into his arguments; Sam standing nearby, his hands crossed, but still engrossed in the taste of adventure.
It was bad. Blood filled her palm and started dripping on the floor, and Dean stepped forward, and Cas saw him and stepped forward too, and Claire stared at her hand with a nauseated expression. It all lasted a couple of seconds before Jack reached out instinctively and touched her hand, and before anyone could process anything, the cut was gone.
“And do what?” He asked. She shrugged.
He didn’t like the idea of anyone butting into his life, on the off-chance that they found something they weren’t supposed to find, and his life would become torture.
"A thing?"
Castiel looked at Dean. “This is Dean,” he explained. “He’s helping with the… situation.”
"Wonderful," Marcy beamed at him. "I'll let you get back to your trash, now."
“You sure? ‘Cause no one licked these ones,” Dean answered, pushing his own pair at Castiel.
“Did they give you a call?” Dean asked, and his face lit up. It was at these kinds of moments that Castiel remembered he was paying for his brother’s boarding school tuition, and working hard for it without complaint. He was selfless in his core, and Castiel couldn’t understand it, not when it came to the hard choices. Worse; it scared him sometimes. Because Dean was ready to make the hard choices, even if he didn’t want to make them. Even if they were painful. Sometimes he thought that when it was time to let go… Dean would be able to. And he wouldn’t. He didn’t think he’d be able to let go.
She nodded her chin at the door. Dean was there, waving them and making his way over through the barricade of students dressed in ridiculously formal outwear.
“That day… months ago, back in the summer, at the dock where we stopped for supplies. I let you leave. Why did you come back?”
“Yeah, and Bobby sounded really uptight about it when we talked. I think it's going to be super uncomfortable.”
“Nothing,” she said. “But if you’re not dating, then I think he has a really serious crush on you.”
“Sure,” he said weakly. “Easy.”
They ate with the soundtrack of Dean and Claire arguing about the Stars War, which still, to Castiel, was a foreign language. Then Claire went up to her room to play video games and talk on her phone for hours on end. Lately it's been more talking on the phone and less video games, which drew Dean’s and his attention, because she wasn't typically a social creature. But she was almost eighteen, which meant getting information out of her was harder than getting information out of an actual tortured monster in their basement.
She crossed the room and stood beside the dining table, looking down at him with her hands on her hips.
“What... uhrm.” Castiel touched his hair, then put his palms back on the table he was leaning on, then crossed his arms again. He cleared his throat. “What makes you think that?”
“You really shouldn’t,” said Dean. “He’s a great shot. He once threw a blade at his clone from across the room and hit him right in the back. Long story. Zero practice.” He was looking at Castiel, signaling him something with his eyes.
“You don’t know anything about me,” Cas muttered back. This was a mutter war, and honestly, Cas was winning. He had the most annoyingly perfect deep voice.
“Are you alright?” He asked while Dean punched his code in. The cold was biting, and he crossed his arms over his chest.
“Sorry,” he said, and put his phone away.
Dean shook his head. “She’s dating a girl.”
“Demon,” said Bobby. “Big one. Top of the food chain. Only one above her is Lucifer himself, who's currently rotting in hell in the most literal sense.”
From inside the car: “No, I don’t!”
“It’s been a long day,” Castiel cut him off.
“Well, I mean, you are one. So not nothing.”
They had to ring the doorbell twice before Marcy opened the door.
"That would be for the best of both of us."
“…Really?”
“Little girls?” Castiel's eyes ran along invisible lines in the air. He was digging into his memory, digging and digging. “Blond girls?”
“Anyway, I talked to him this morning, and he told me next forty-eight hours.”
A decision was never quite made. It was a “sitting on the egg until the hen came back and took it” kind of situation. He was pretty sure that was how the saying went.
Dean slept for fourteen hours straight. Earned it, too, Castiel imagined, though he didn’t know what Dean had been up to before he ended up snoring face-down into his pillow for the better part of the day. Castiel waited – waited until he woke up, took a shower, changed, had a sandwich. He tried not to stare. And finally, Dean looked up from his food to look at him from across the table.
Meg raised an eyebrow.
“Waiting for the doctor,” said Castiel.
“One man’s heaven is another man’s hell,” she said. “You can take your drinks up; I’ve made your room.”
Dean’s eyes shot to her face, and from there to Castiel’s. He fell into a silence.
“You guys sound like a grandpa and then an uglier, dumber grandpa,” Meg said over the phone. “Tell him I said that.”
No one said much for the rest of the meal.
“Load it beforehand. Report to base with any new development. Guard the human. And anyone who gets too close to it.” The librarian pressed a button on her 2002 Nokia and disappeared into the portal it created. Castiel backed away and hurried down the hall, before the teacher could notice he was ever there.
Sam left, and he turned to Dean. “He had a good point about you lying to him earlier.”
His phone sounded the first few notes of his ringtone, and a name appeared on the screen.
bring her back, would you?”
But maybe sometimes he had to open himself up in order for Dean to realize it was okay for him to do that, too.
Right before the first punch hit his nose, he looked past Gordon, down the hall. Cas was standing at the far end, unaware of the lines of worry furrowing his forehead as he watched from afar.
And then, there’s them not seeing each other since they graduated high school…
“We’re going to help Sam decorate the tree,” said Dean. “How come you haven’t done it yet?”
“That’s the spirit,” said Gabriel.
“It’s okay,” said Castiel. “I understand.”
look.
“Him being a vampire?” His face lit up.
“She’s down,” said Castiel.
Dean glanced towards the passenger seat from the corner of his eye, pretending to adjust his fangs and the tie of his cape in the rearview mirror.
trust him?”
“Yeah.”
“My father is drawn to religions,” he answered. “So I know a lot about them.”
“You have no idea how many Wanted lists I’m on,” Dean smirked.
“Hey,” he whispered. “What’s going on?”
He missed Dean already.
“Thanks for the reassurance,” Dean muttered. He looked up at the rocky wall that rose before them and collapsed into narrow tunnels here and there, like a multiple-nostriled monster. “At least that means we know the treasure is still there.”
“Lint,” Dean said.
He put the book marked
He could feel Dean’s eyes on his face then, examining him in the light of what he’d just as well admitted.
“Alright,” he answered.
“How old is it? A hundred?”
His hearing was only so-so. Then Garth nudged Kevin firmly towards them, and Kevin approached, asking,
“Tired,” Cas replied shortly. Dean skipped a stair up to be at his level and tried to catch his eye.
The title reads:
“We need to get my brother,
“I don’t care,” said Castiel. It came out so fierce, it felt almost too intimate. Like he was exposing a piece of his heart for Dean to stomp all over. But maybe that’s what love was; it was making yourself so vulnerable you’re bound to end up getting hurt.
“I’m not your bitch. I’m- my own bitch.” He scratched his forehead. “Okay, that one kind of backfired.”
“This place is filthy,” he muttered to himself, watching the floor carefully as he made his way around the obstacles. He didn’t want to leave incriminating traces behind.
“Come on,” he said.
Cas looked at him another moment.
“Is it?” Asked Cas. “You always get whoever you want. And they’re always great, because you make good dating choices.”
“Hey, guys?” said Garth from the bathroom. There was a faint
He really wished he could say no. “Right.”
“Alright, alright. I get it. Go and guard the stairs, and I’ll find the second Shelley.”
There was a smiley with a suggestive smile.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.” From the corner of his eye he could see Cas notice the note in his locker, open it, read it, and glance at him with a flicker of something intense and warm in his eyes.
“Right back at you.”
“Do you do this full time?” Dean asked. “Or is this more of a part time job?”
“Not much,” Castiel said. “Dean never mentioned what it is you’re searching for. He said you didn’t know what it was.”
“Do you want some coffee?” He yelled at it.
“Do you want to talk about it?” He asked warily.
“Graduation?”
“You’re welcome,” said Gabriel as they went up the stairs.
“I told you when...” Cas tried to grasp for words, so upset he could barely come up with them. “When I did my homework with you every day. I told you when I listened to all the songs you sent me that you thought I might like. When I went places with you after my curfew and had to sneak back through my window.” He was speaking quickly, almost rapidly, and Dean tried not to think about why he was so anxious to finish talking. The figure didn’t attack, though. Abruptly, it turned around and advanced towards Garth, who had moved the armchair in order to get to the fire.
He leaned back in his chair, and his chest felt tight.
“Complaining?” Asked Castiel.
“My not-a-crush.” Cas played with a loose string in his shirt, looking at it intently. “But then you got together with…”
“Dean, that brings me to another question. In the lyrics, you seem to repeatedly address the subject using male pronouns. Do you consider this as sort of a… coming-out-to-your-fans song?”
So he got to keep his life. And in return, the sea took his legs. And he knew he probably had much more pressing issues right now, but he didn’t know how the hell he was supposed to pee.
“I’m not sure how to proceed,” Cas said.
They were both working as private investigators with different police stations, and they went at it with wildly different methods. Castiel worked eight a.m. to six p.m. shifts Monday through Friday; Dean said police drove him crazy if he was around them for too long and preferred to work with them from afar. His workdays varied from staying in his PJs all day and doing research from home, through driving around following leads all day, to going on trips out of town that lasted days and sometimes weeks.
When he made his way back to his friends, Dean looked utterly dejected. They looked at him sympathetically.
“Right,” he answered. “But someome ha'got'te ta'care o'it.”
“Call me a brunette and I’ll break your neck,” Castiel replied, and that was the end of the conversation.
, and Castiel got some clay from the supply room.
“What happened?” He asked, hardly audible.
Charlie didn’t care.
Someone walked past him – snooty bookstore Cas, he realized when he looked up, his blue eyes boring into Dean’s. He nodded as they passed each other.
“Alright,” said Chuck. “So I had a couple of drinks. But I’m fine. Don’t be overdramatic.”
“Although, you know, your bathroom door isn’t so soundproof. It’s nothing I haven’t heard before...”
“Even if I can give you Dean Winchester?” He asked before she could hang up. He watched Dean’s eyes widen and lock on the phone.
Dr. Hanscum’s expression was patient with a tint of hungry, but her tone said
the stupid dragon.”
He should be dead.
“Alright.” Cas walked to the counter and put the books down. “What are you looking for?”
“Yeah,” Dean said, and he left.
Dean took a breath. Then, in his calmest voice, he said, "I am not bringing you to a meeting with Satan." He pointed at the house, and by the look on Claire's face, she could tell he was past the point of anger. "Go back in."
ten feet away. And the cashier was getting passionately scolded at by an old man.
“I barely even looked in your direction all day,” Dean scratched his head. “We’re supposed to be in a loving relationship.”
"Upstate Alabama," Dean corrected. "So is the neighborhood to your liking?"
“What did she mean by that?” Castiel whispered. “Dean, what did she mean by that?”
It wasn’t the comfortable silence they usually shared. There was tension under the surface, and it was felt. They always dropped their pretenses when they were alone, but this, now, didn’t quite feel like all pretenses were dropped. He turned abruptly to face Cas, only a touch setting them apart. Cas didn’t pull away; didn’t do anything but look into his eyes in the same guarded look he had before.
“No we’re not.”
He slipped out through the window with as much grace and dignity as possible for a grown teenage boy in a one-by-one-foot space. Outside the sun was sinking through the sky, leaving an excess of sweetly colored clouds behind. Dean climbed up onto the empty roof and sat down on the edge, his feet dangling. It was a three or four stories fall if his asscheek slipped. Not ideal, but worth the quiet. The air felt plenty fresh, too, after the crammy apartment.
“Maybe you should eavesdrop less.”
“Try it,” Dean repeated, his tone harsh and flat. He could live with a tail. He could live with a tail and Cas, for sure. But he did not want to live knowing he’ll never hear Cas’ voice again.
Slowly, as though by binding rather than by will, Castiel stood up and ambled down the stairs, crossing the field with a jog. As soon as he was at hearing range, he recognized Dean’s agitated voice.
"People keep dying around here."
“Dean.”
“Haven’t seen it,” said Castiel, chewing on an apple distractedly. Students and teachers roamed the hallways on their way to first period, and Castiel stared at them without really seeing anything.
“We went to the botanical garden.”
But he was already standing.
He was late to school.
“No way,” said Garth, and the group collectively shimmied to his side of the floor.
“Four years ago?” He answered. “With Hannah.”
If this guy was any kind of popular around here then he just somersaulted right into a social suicide.
“Are you going?” Castiel asked.
She was an issue they didn’t want to resolve, but neither of them could ignore, either.
She disappeared for a few minutes and came back with two rings for them to try. He put his on, watching Dean try his own.
“Let me find the sleeping bag."
He walked away looking pretty happy with himself.
.-. . .--. --- .-. - / - --- / -... .- ... .
Silence.
He lay in bed for a while, just staring at the ceiling. He felt the exhaustion in every bone of his body. But there was an unsettling feeling in closing his eyes for more than a few moments, and the bed felt too big without a warm body snoring softly by his side. After about four eternities of staring at the ceiling he sat up in bed. By now, his eyes were accustomed to this dim darkness, painted soft, faint orange in the light of the lampposts outside. He touched the lace around his neck, watched the dull light bounce off his ring in the dark, and he felt dean's hands on his face. Three, maybe four months ago. On their bed, one completely ordinary afternoon. Kissing him. Pulling him closer. And he'd said,
“Screaming makes me mad,” she said. She looked at Castiel, and said: “Screaming makes me mad.”
“Are you waiting for anyone?” He asked, a little concerned now. Though he didn’t know whether it was for the child or for himself. The child shook her head, and he looked away.
“You have the attention span of a two year old,” Castiel said to him.
“It’s okay,” said Dean, his face blank.
“I think Claire is dating someone.”
“Maybe we should only ask each other questions we never have before,” said Dean.
Has Dean mentioned anyone new in their emails? They had been sending emails back and forth for as long as they were out of school and away from each other, and in the past few months they’ve been writing each other practically every day. Despite Castiel's studies. Despite Dean’s music, and his tours, and his tens of thousands of fans. Despite the distance, Dean still calls him his best friend. And in spite of himself, that thought still makes Castiel’s heart beat a little faster.
Claire looked him up and down, eyebrows furrowing. "I think what you're wearing is fine."
“Not as much as thinking you were dead for four months,” he muttered at his laptop.
“I’d lose you in the crowd.”
“Eek,” he let out as the dishes wobbled between them, and caught them with a steady hand. Then he saw Dean’s expression, and the ends of his lips fell. “How much did you hear?” His voice was deep and low, inaudible to anyone but them. Dean swore, if he met this guy in a dark alley, all Cas had to do was look at him this way with murder in his eyes and Dean would throw money at him and run.
“So you know how it’s September eighteenth."
He swallowed thickly. “How long?”
Castiel looked at the hand.
"If you two spend the flight together, it'll be a nightmare for both of you, and you know it," Claire said. "I can handle a teenage boy." she looked back at the kid: he was staring lovingly at a piece of nougat a flight attendant had handed him. Meanwhile, Cas sat down and touched his aching shoulder. Dean searched his pockets and handed him a bottle of painkillers.
“Listen to me,” Chuck said urgently. “You can’t tell anyone. Not Dean, especially not your siblings. They wouldn't believe you.”
“And your bottom… It did what it did only to help people.”
“Who is it?” Dean asked. He only sent a confused look in Dean’s way and opened the door.
Everyone around them seemed too rattled to listen in on their conversation. Jo cracked the door open and stepped out, pitchfork in hand. She came back in after several moments with a cut on her forehead.
“I’m working on it,” he answered. “I think I’ve gotten better.”
“Mother of God, no – I’m just helping you make sure that Yellow is safe.” He gestured vaguely at the fish in Dean’s hand. They were standing close together, surrounded by piles of clothes they both seemed to pretend were closer around them than they actually were. Not that he had any chance of… anything, with Beautiful Cas, but really, Cas could take a step back just as well as he could, and they felt each other’s breaths and neither of them moved.
“It’s for the best,” said Castiel. “Clean cut, you know.” He couldn’t imagine an hour-long drive with Dean, sitting in silence and feeling time slip from between their fingers like sand until they had to say goodbye.
“Having fun?” He asked, lifting a punch cup Castiel could tell he hadn’t taken a single sip out of, and pulling up a friendly smile.
Each freaking corner of the world seems to be decorated with flowers and heart-shaped paper cutouts today. People are kissing and smiling and buying each other chocolates. A girl smiles at him flirtatiously and he’s actually embarrassed for her for being as desperate as to hit on a guy in his pajamas and a dead look in his eyes at the supermarket.
“Don’t worry, I brought a hand sanitizer.”
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows. “What does sweat have to do with Valentine’s day or Halloween?”
“Meg used to go knife throwing with her dad, too,” Dean said to him when he was back. “Don't we have so much in common?”
“I thought we could rearrange the croissants today,” Charlie answered innocently. Dean had to admire the composure she maintained under Meg’s death glare.
“It's worth the try, though, right?”
The House of Mirrors.
“Then fail me,” he said simply, and it was a little frightening and a little liberating how naturally that came out. “I’m not writing anything.”
A volunteer. Great. Where was he going to get a volunteer? His brother hated him with a passion at the moment, and he doubted his mother would do him any favors. He looked sideways at Charlie, but she was already mouthing something at a fairy-like girl sitting across the room from them.
But he didn’t. He walked to his chair, rigidly, obediently, and sat down, fists clenched. Charlie put a comforting hand on his forearm, but he was so angry he barely felt it. He felt like everyone in the room was watching him, though no one was actually looking his way. The visual arts teacher came on and named her own honor roll student, and then the principal said a few last words before dismissing the students. As soon as the first person was on their feet, Dean rose and scanned the audience for Cas.
“Halloween wasn’t exactly at the top of my priorities as a kid.” He said it with an easy smile that Castiel doubted was genuine. He didn’t ask.
Dean smiled absently, listening to him. He was using his dad voice. The voice that was impossibly kind, but so deadpan that it couldn't be defined any other way except a little strange and a little funny.
“Are you two friends?”
His hand tightened around Dean’s; no matter what happens, he cannot let Dean go. Bathroom breaks included. By the exit, Mr. Man looked at them, finally seeming to calm down.
That sounded selfish. He knew living alone must be hard, but in some senses, it might just be easier on his heart.
“Thanks.”
Meg’s eyes rose from her phone to look him over, narrowing.
“How much older?”
He picked it up.
But they were, and Castiel pulled himself together and stood up with them, because he mustn’t do anything out of the ordinary if he wanted to keep the freedom of his mind.
“Really?” Said Sam. “What’s your budget?”
He turned around.
“What are you doing?” Castiel demanded.
“Sure.” Dean pursed his lips in an attempt for a smile and stood up. Cas rose after him.
“Well, you said no work talk, and my ass is kind of freezing, so.”
Meg laughed. “You’re crazy.”
. But Meg shrugged and moved out of her way to hop up on Dean and Castiel’s table.
“Then don’t,” Cas snapped. “Stop feeling guilty. Have you tried that?”
“It was complicated then,” he told her. His voice was soft, protective of himself and of Cas and of everything that was and had been between them. “His dad had just died, Sam ran away from home. We had a lot of crap to deal with.”
Dean shuffled his feet. He didn’t like the idea of someone paying for his stuff. It should have felt like leverage.
“What car?”
friends. Like, ‘I’d cover up a murder for you’ friends.”
“Definitely being an ass,” he answered, not looking up from his pamphlet. Dean looked away, at the stage, resting his chin in the palm of his hand to cover his smile.
“You said you’d call from station.” Dean stood up and hugged him, perhaps a little too tightly.
“I called you that night,” he said. “Did you know something was going on at my brother’s?”
pull the stick out of your ass?”
Chuck let him go and patted his back.
He had no idea what he would say to Cas in the morning, or whether Cas would remember any of this, but he was confident more than ever that they would figure something out.
He nodded. “I think that would be for the best.”
“I can't find my breath when you look at me,” he mumbled, not quite knowing why, not being able to stop himself. He didn’t intend for those words to be the ones to elicit Dean’s laughter, but he succeeded nonetheless.
“Yeah. I just wish it weren’t us.”
“Dean! Wait.” Halfway to his room, he heard Cas’ voice again. He turned around to find Cas standing before him, the door to his room ajar.
Dean looked up at his brother. A second passed. There was silence – not any surprised scream. Dean exhaled in relief and turned around, only to see Jo standing in the center of the room, staring at the floor.
He pursed his lips hard, if only to let Dean know he was dissatisfied. “Do you really think we're ready?” He asked.
“Were you bummed you’re not going?” He asked then.
Was this an invitation for him to come over and say hi? Probably not… But Cas wasn’t closing the door or letting go of his gaze; he just stood there. So maybe this was an invitation. And what was he supposed to say? 'Trick or- well, I don't have a bag, and you don't have any treats left, so I guess your only option is trick?’ He would make a complete moron of himself.
He smiled.
“No need to give me the silent treatment, Dean.”
Cas shrugged, casually, as if he could play it cool after everything he’d just said. And he could. There wasn’t anything he could do that would make Dean think he was un-cool. “And to prove I'm better than you at pretty much everything.” He grew serious again. “It will get better, okay?”
“Charlie, you’re coming, right?” Asked Jo.
He grabbed his fork and took a bite of his mashed potatoes without looking up from his phone.
"So far for keeping things private." It was only a mutter under the breath, but Dean still heard it. And all at once, his temper flipped.
He was not good to go.
“You’re lucky she likes me,” Cas said, reaching out to take the plates Dean was holding. “I’m not even sure she likes you.”
He barely looked surprised when he landed on the ground. Dean was beginning to learn it was a side effect of living as an outcast in this town; you’re never surprised at what people throw at you. Or what they throw you into.
"Neither option is ideal," said the doctor. "But with your kind of injury, at your age, I would approve of you taking a flight. I'd consider a couple hours' flight over an entire day on the highway if I were you. Save you some pains and discomfort."
“Why don't you do that, then,” he muttered to the sink.
“What?” He heard Cas saying, the look in his eyes shifting from
“Definitely.”
“Can we focus on the dead person part?” Asked Castiel. “This is hardly the time for introducing our families to each other.” He pulled Dean back into the kitchen.
They studied across from each other at the dining table for about an hour before Dean put his pencil down and said,
was Peter Parker, and Mary Jane was a really good kisser, and also a dude. And neither one of them was upside down. Or maybe they were both upside down. He couldn’t remember.
“We don’t get what we need,” said Charlie. “We get what life thinks will make for a good joke.” She stopped walking and turned around to look at him. “Speaking of which. Please tell me you applied for the senior courses.”
To which Dean commented,
“Back up,” Dean stopped him.  “You still sell DVDs?”
“But Dean. You love Announcement Contest.”
He just needed to get the pictures out of his head.
When the bell finally rang, he walked out of the room, leaving this class behind him forever. He walked through the halls decisively, confidently, almost proudly. He wasn’t going to let anyone know he hated every moment of it.
“Of course I need you.”
Third try. Dean didn’t even manage to touch the chair before the girl in the other seat – Meg – gave him the death glare, and he turned around and moved on to the next column, settling in the only empty seat left in the room he hadn’t managed to get rejected from. He put a notepad and a pen on the table, and leaned back. Maybe he was trying to forget where he was; most people present in the room were.
And she wasn’t sleeping.
“No shit, Sherlock.” Dean’s eyes were still glued to the screen.
“Did you really think I was interested in you?” Dean growled into his ear. “That I would betray my entire kingdom for you?"
“They don’t teach you about the anus,” Dean smiled.
“It’s in his interest,” said Meg. “I’m easing him into his new life.”
“And it’s probably cheaper than any other place.” Dean sighed. “I guess you can add that.”
“What did you want?” Asked Anna.
“Keep scrolling.”
“Well then,” Castiel said, pulled his lips into a solemn expression and picked up a book. “She stole his sandwich, after all.”
So, of course, he took Dean’s word for it. He tucked his bookmark – a photo of bees – beneath his book, and started reading. The opening line was quite out there.
“You know, you forget your promises pretty quick, ‘cause I don’t really feel like you’ve got my back in this particular moment.”
“Don’t bother,” said Claire. “He’s probably already forgotten you exist.”
Totally fixed it.
She pressed play.
Castiel sighed. He was starting to realize he’s gotten himself into quite the exceptional pickle. He was surrounded by idiots, with Captain Dean the Sword Winchester at the top of them.
“Because you’re, like, besties.”
“Dean.”
“Did you swallow an ant?”
He hesitated. "I don't even know her that well."
“What are we doing?” Dean asked. Cas’ kitchen wasn’t very big, but it was warm and homey. It felt all the more so with the pouring rain outside serving as an antithesis to the warmth inside.
Dean let out a deep sigh, as if he
Sam passed by Dean quietly. “There’s no chick.”
“Good.”
The morning routine wasn’t exceptional. Coffee. Yawning. Cursing mornings and everything related to them.
Made of the only two people in the entire school he was attracted to?
It was a proper garden, full of flowers and narrow paths that led into the trees, and even though it was a free entrance, there seemed to be no one around.
And his phone is on eleven percent.
Claire stared at him, gripping her hand. He was looking at Cas helplessly. Cas was watching Dean.
He supposed now wasn’t a good time to ask.
wearing pajamas….” Dean shrugged.
“So how’s school going?” He asked as Castiel scrubbed plates and handed them for him to wash and dry.
Dean’s hand rose to his own chest, clasping his ring. “Still got my ring, don’t I?”
“Go away,” he said to Meg, and put the book back in Dean’s hands. “Are you sure you don’t want to go?” He asked when Meg was gone.
He smiled. “I need to pack.”
“Okay,” said Dean, and before Castiel could continue - “I start.”
“So you put your hand on the table,” Dean said, “And if she touches your fingers, you touch hers back. If she moves away, you back down. You gotta make her feel that you want her, but also respect her personal space. Cas? Personal space, got it?”
Castiel rubbed his face with his palms, an excuse to hide the torment in his expression.
“We did.” Dean leaned forward in his chair. “But, Cas, what if it isn’t? I mean, think about it. Don’t you ever wonder just… what is it with this town? Why are there so many monsters here, and why do hunters like Donna and me keep chasing them here?”
“Sure, dawg,” said Meg.
He couldn’t decide which one.
“Alright. Well. I guess that’s okay. I’ll just wait here, then.”
“Yeah, that,” said Dean. “So you’re like, the smart one,” he said to Castiel when Anna left, smirking at him like being smart was a secret weapon of Castiel’s that he’d just discovered. Castiel replayed in his head the months of torturous work he’d gone through just to keep from failing his classes, and shook his head in silence.
“You’ll have to actually ask him,” he answered. “And not be such a big brother about it. Otherwise he won’t feel like he can tell you anything.”
“So?” Dean asked, picking on a loose thread in his sweater, after they’d been sitting in silence for a while.
It didn’t open.
“I... think it.” He sighed, and took Dean’s hand. “Are we seriously fighting about school? It's over in less than three months.”
“Yup,” he said, glancing at Castiel.
“Be a dickhead about it,” he finished. “But his intentions are good. Even if he tries to hide it.”
“See how he just snatches things right from my hand? Maybe I am starting to regret it.”
He wanted to listen, he did. He just couldn’t bring himself to do it.
“Yeah…” Dean trailed off, kissing down his neck. “Well, do you let them touch you like this?”
“By ‘do’, you mean…?”
On the other side of it, a blond woman grinned at them.
“Actually, most of the time it feels like living alone.” Dean’s tone was humorous, but no one was smiling. “You know, since Cas is in college now.” His knee was pushing harder and harder against Castiel’s in distress.
“If you stand your ground, they’ll stop.”
“That’s nice,” he mumbled into the phone. And he put the blade in his bag. “I’ve got to finish packing. Talk to you later.”
Of course.
"Let's go."
“Yes,” he answered. “So disgusting.”
“Yes, sort of. I’m glad I didn’t choose to major in engineering, now more than ever. You were saying?”
He recognized the arm.
“Thank you,” Dean said, in that tone you use when your therapist agrees with you and not with your fake partner.
“When did you guys become so popular?” Asked Meg. “Next thing, Andy is going to come over and profess his love to one of you. Or both. Who knows.” She said it while maintaining piercing eye contact.
He walked in and gave Dean a kiss. “Or I’m eating all the melons for dinner,” he said.
“It’s a tad bit older than the King.”
“You’re up next, Milton,” she said as she got up. Anna picked up her phone and started scrolling. Dean stared at the table. A moment passed.
“What? No, Cas...”
“I would probably just tell him. I’d try to be gentle about it. And I’d hope he remembers all the times he told me things that weren’t easy for him to say.”
The blackout lasts three more days – the wind had knocked some pole down, and the entire street lost power. By the time the power is up again, Castiel has given up any hope of contacting Dean before he’s left the city. At this point, it doesn’t matter whether Dean wrote a stupid love song about him or not. He’s going to be out of town for months, and what kind of relationship could they have had with Dean always being away and busy, and Castiel always being right there, thinking about him?
“Did you get it?”
It was the truth. Neither of them had the time for taking a random Sunday night off, and it felt a little like neither wanted to take the extra step and make time, either.
Charlie stepped closer to hear them over the crowd. Behind her was a flight of stairs leading to a second floor, white smoke snaking down the stairs from above. Dean wondered who owned the place; there didn’t seem to be anything to indicate someone actually lived here besides a few old furniture. Still, it was hard to imagine the space empty and unlived in while it was currently so filled with life and the musty smell of teenage sweat.
“Um,” he said. “You got beef with my doormat?”
When he was done, Charlie looked at him wide eyed. “Well, shit,” was all she said. “Welcome to the club, bitch.”
“I’m good,” Charlie let out. She turned to Castiel and mouthed:
“I think he took it,” said Castiel.
"This is ridiculous," said Dean at the sight of the gate. The place was already packed, and there were people coming and going. They stood in line to buy tickets.
"Look at this," said Castiel, and Dean turned around to look.
“Big picture, Cas.”
Faith. Not in a god; but in himself.
“See you next week.”
Charlie waved at him from across the room, and he shut his notebook a second time.
“Hey,” Cas said back. He was wearing a holiday sweater, red and white. What a nerd. Dean didn’t want to touch the soft knitted wool at all. And if he did, well, it was just because this wool looked so damn soft.
“You’re suspended for ten days,” said Mr. Tron. “I should have kicked you out, but my secretary made the point that it wouldn’t look very good after we just declared you an excelling student. She’s talking to your mother on the phone right now.”
Behind him, the sail spread along the back side of the ship and out into the open – and tied to it, some few feet outside the ledges of the ship, was a length of rope.
They went away, and Dean sat down in a chair.
“Oh,” Dean let out. This he knew how to do. “Our omelet sandwich is decent, if you don’t mind white cheese. We’ve also got PB&J. Other than that, I’d recommend a toast. Everything’s better when it’s a toast.”
“That was my ride,” he told Garth. “Have a good time with Bess.”
“So,” Dean made a show of counting on his fingers as well. “Insulting each other, assholes, and can’t finish a sentence without being interrupted.”
“Oh, so we’re keeping score?” Dean raised an eyebrow. He took her notebook and scribbled something on a page. Castiel peeked over his shoulder to read it:
They took one step forward in line.
He actually wrote
“Guess we’re even,” said Dean incredulously.
Dean handed her his credit card. "We're having pizza," he said. "Can you order." It didn't come out a question.
“What’s up, Dracula?” She asked and switched the lights on. When she saw Dean’s expression, she sat down carefully beside him.
“Well, I’m very committed, if that’s what you’re looking for,” he said.
Dean’s urge to smack his head against the table multiplied by twenty-three.
“Yeah.”
“Night, Cas,” Dean mumbled back, and it was clear his mind was already somewhere else.
The way he pursed his lips when he concentrated. The way he parted them in soft surprise when he saw a bee or a butterfly pass by. The way he squeezed Dean’s hand in the dark when they were both half asleep, then said things like,
“Everything alright?” Castiel asked. Dean shook his head like he was shaking away his troubled thoughts, and smiled at him.
And now he saw it. To Dean, it was struggle. It was grief and a fight for survival and loneliness in a new town.
“Sammy,” Dean called when he saw Sam. “Are you okay?”
“Just because if we take yours I’ll be left behind in favor of you getting a room with it,” Castiel retorted.
The Christmas activity. Dean’s plan. It almost made him want to laugh, in a bitter, humorless way. And what did he have to lose now? Cas talking to him? That didn’t seem to be happening, anyway.
Maybe this was his problem: he didn’t try hard enough. He wondered how often it happened to Dean for him to give such advice – how many times pretty ginger girls came up to him and tried to seduce him. (or torture him? He still wasn’t sure.) A lot, surely. He seemed like a guy every girl in a hundred-feet radius would automatically fall in love with. Green eyes, a nice tan, freckles, self-assurance – no, feigned self-assurance. He could woo every girl in Castiel’s class into dating him, probably. And the senior girls, too. That would make about forty girls he could woo into dating him, simultaneously. They wouldn’t have minded, Castiel bet. But Dean didn’t seem to care the slightest about girls. Maybe he already had a girlfriend in Kansas. Or maybe he just didn’t care about girls.
“That’s it,” said Meg. “Give me your phone.” She put her hand on the table, palm up.
"We could have been in a car right now," said Castiel, "With a normal working heating, hadn't you been so stubborn."
“Because they... kind of invited us?”
“I’m his son,” he answered.
Dean sat beside her. “You remember Charlie,” he told her.
"Let's find something to watch until the food gets here." she picked up the remote, turned the TV on and then passed it to Dean.
“What?” They were
“What’s your cover?” He asked. No way it was cooler than his.
Castiel glanced back at the door. “Is that the guy you ‘love’?”
“…Where is the treasure?”
He tried to come up with something to say, but by the time he could think, Cas was already asleep.
Life went on. But it felt that it had left Dean behind. The sea was big and empty and no one ever crossed Dean’s path. Until one morning, he was doing his tail stretches when, for the first time, he saw a ship approaching.
“Crowley,” said the man. Castiel assumed that was his name. “Tell me a bit about yourself.”
"What?"
“What’s he in for?” She pointed her foot at the closed door in front of them. They were sitting on a couple of padded chairs in hallway, right outside the office.
“I suppose. If we take a sharp right here, there’s an unattended hall down the stairs.”
And he’s fine with that. Of course he is.
“Oh.”
Bobby grimaced, threw Sam and Castiel a look, and kept digging. “If it were up to me...” He muttered.
She made another motion. This one was clear enough.
They walked to the car.
“What guy?” Asked Chuck.
Castiel’s eyebrows pulled together. “I take all the angel cases. I’ve got more practice with them. I’m the one who took on the Novaks’ case when we got Claire and found out angels even exited.”
A couple of weeks past Christmas break, he was sitting at the desk, studying, while his friends were settling on Garth’s bed and calling him over.
“It’s so dumb. People spend a hundred dollars on this one day that has nothing special about it just so their partners would think they still love them. If we all just started trusting each other, Valentine’s Day would be obsolete.”
The first part of the plan was no crazier than the others, but it was the most inaccessible. Yet, after a while, Dean had a letter explaining everything written and sent to his brother with the next stray ship that passed them by. It was a long shot; surely, Sam thought his brother was dead, and their story was beyond unlikely. If the letter even arrived at its destination, who’s to say Sam wouldn’t think it was a hoax, or that he would believe Dean’s story? And even if he did, the chances of him finding a cure…
“What are you doing?” Ruby asked. She tightened the knife against his throat, and he recoiled, as much as he could.
The play ended. When they walked out, Castiel said,
“What do you mean?”
Next was holy water from a bottle. Then an exorcism spell. Then a single French fry on a plate.
Chuck glanced at him from behind the wheel. “What?”
“Sure.” Dean cleared his throat. “I… kinda came here to ask you a favor.” He touched a pyramid of marbles on the desk, and the thing fell apart in a second. “Shit. Sorry.” Cas waved his hand in dismiss.
“And we’re already used to the neighborhood.”
Castiel took that as a no. Dean didn’t seem to recover as quickly, though. They spent the rest of the night looking in different directions over the quiet water. Until finally, he felt Dean’s hand on his.
"I'm going to the bathroom," she said. "Don't eat my cupcake."
“Yeah.” Castiel put her down on the floor with the yogurt and walked back to the kitchen.
“Sore spot,” she said. “Got it.”
“There’s no girl,” said Dean.
“I’m sure we will,” he said hollowly.
“Sure.”
“Hi,” she said.
“Is it still bleeding?” He asked as Castiel wiped the blood from his cheek.
“You make sense in everything to me. I will never say this to your face. This – whatever we have – it lives where the shadows don't reach. And if I still deserve to wish for something, I only wish that we'll become strangers soon again. Because I know I can't keep a good thing, and I know every moment I've still got you will make the moments after you a hundred times worse. But right now…”
“Can’t have a treasure without you, can I?” Dean cut him off stiffly. Somewhere along the conversation they’d stopped walking. They stood now, face to face, the torch’s flame reflecting in Dean’s green eyes and merging into a captivating mixture of jade and fire.
Dean watched the waves rise and fade, and Castiel watched his face. He couldn’t figure out whether Dean was very contented or whether he was making a very focused effort to contain his feelings.
“Hey,” said Dean.
The librarian puckered her lips. “How much is 336 years in human time?”
“Um.” He looked around. The house was a mess. He supposed he could tell her no. Or he could spare a couple of hours to clean for the first time in a while. “Yeah. Alright.”
“I'm sorry,” said Dean, still smiling. “Just the thought of you studying with two girls who want to smoosh booties with you... If you think I’m a nightmare, try doing that.”
And there was something lawless about it. Eating lunch in bed. Spending two hours making a ball out of rubber bands. Fighting with swords and light sabers.
. Soon. We’re running out of time. We’ve been so focused on Dean, we forgot the actual case we need to work. This gal’s about to awaken Lucifer, and we’ve got to stop her.”
ed and tapped the remote. A moment later, he heard the news come on.
She was pinching his arm.
Dean turned on the heating while the computer came to life.
They stood there for a while. Dean looked at him, and smiled, and he smiled back and looked away. The night was falling, and they could see the first stars. He wondered if he should say something, or if this quiet between them should feel awkward. It didn’t. He wondered what Dean was thinking.
“You got a text,” he said and handed Cas back the phone. His eyes skimmed the message automatically. It was from a classmate.
He walked into the kitchen instead.
The creases in Cas' forehead seemed to relax at the mere idea. "Good call."
He’s starting to reconsider his earlier assertion about Dean’s uptightness about his sexuality and his privacy regarding feelings. And then he listens to another song, and it takes his breath away.
“I don’t care,” Cas insisted. “I don’t know when I’ll get to... make cookies again.” He looked at Dean deliberately, and it was clear that by saying
“We’re less than a foot apart.”
“What are we going to do?”
As far as Dean could see, the guy didn’t even care about making friends. In the four years of them being in the same class, Dean has only had one conversation with him that lasted more than thirty seconds, and it was:
“I ain’t going nowhere without a plan.”
did. And he didn’t. But Dean didn’t seem to be any kind of horrified by the implication; he just shook his head.
“Your curfew’s eleven,” Mary said.
The covers were pretty, though. He picked one with a red dragon on the front and started reading. Its lines rhymed, and it had a moral and everything. It wasn’t as stupid as he thought it would be – it wasn’t stupid at all. He picked up another book; if all children’s books were beautiful and insightful and not-boring, then maybe…
He recognized the back of the student’s head. It was Cas. Dean glimpsed at the list – he got into a class called Ancient Languages: Latin and Enochian.
So, maybe the guy wasn't all bad after all.
“But it’s so gross...” Dean protested faintly. “And their baby is so cute.”
“...It’s childproof.”
“No reason.” But there was a reason. She seemed extremely on edge.
Dean straightened up and wiped his hands from French fry grease. “Hey, there’s something I’ve been kinda meaning… Or, trying to find the right time to tell you.”
Footsteps on the floorboards. A hushed conversation.
“Why do
“Well, the reason was waffles,” Cas interrupted, and Dean smiled in a way that might’ve been just a touch too self-satisfied.
“Then maybe you’ll care more for your fingers,” he called, grabbing Castiel’s hand and putting it against the railing of the ship , with the fingers splayed out. Castiel gritted his teeth, but didn’t flinch. He’d prepared for that moment, he’d imagined what it’d take for this secret to remain his own. Aside from that, he didn’t think Dean would really cut his fingers off.
He lifted his head sharply and looked at her. “What trouble? What trouble could I possibly get into?”
“Longer than tonight,” he dodged, realizing his mistake. He couldn’t promise always. “I’ll stay until you fall asleep.” He leaned against the wall, then said, “You can’t tell anyone at kindergarten about this, because they won’t believe you.”
“Oh,” Dean said, skipping up the last stair to the second floor. Right behind him, Castiel read the message printed on an A4 paper and taped to the door:
Dean rolled his eyes. They waited silently for the demon's reaction.
A group of teenagers pushed past him and burst through the door, and he got sucked into the room among them. Inside was loud, poorly lit and smelling of perfume and sweat and beer. Basically hell. Everyone pushed each other around trying to get to the bar or to the bathroom.
“We’re having a great time,” Cas answered, glaring at him.
He hasn’t put all the clues together yet. And maybe it’s something in his gut more than it is a fact written in a song, but these lyrics have a feeling way too familiar to them. Not just familiar, but personal.
Dean eyed him with an emotion that wasn’t all arrogance now. It was burning in his green eyes, sincere. Curiosity.
“Then I-”
“That’s ridiculous,” said Castiel, but Dean was already sitting down and placing his elbow on the desk. “Are you serious?” He asked.
“How did you get him on board with this?”
He swallowed his pride and grabbed a few gardenias. He could be sitting in a different classroom right now, learning about architecture, or comic books.
“Sure,” said Dean. “Babe, can you pass me my phone?”
want to hear more about the first grade barf.”
Six minutes later, he was clicking in his safety belt in the passenger seat.
‘“It, uh…” Castiel scratched his head. “It has alcohol.”
“Of course,” Dean said, and now he was smiling in a very sweet way that was simply confusing. He could go from Assbutt-Guy to Charming Boyfriend in a heartbeat, and Castiel could barely do one at a time. “We’re a team, right?”
“Too ginger,” he dismissed her hastily. Blood shot through his legs in wonderful prickling discomfort. He turned to his aunt. “I’ve got to take a walk.”
Or maybe the answer didn't have to do with Dean at all, but with burgers.
“Hey, bro,” he said. “Hey, Dean.”
He found Dean looking out the window in one of the rooms. His hands were balled into fists.
Charlie followed his eyes outside and saw Meg approaching. Dean managed to stuff the paper into his pocket before she walked in.
“You sure?” Asked Chuck.
“Yeah, it’s...” He looked down at the book in his hands. “Let me put it back in the shelf.” And he turned to put the book back where he’d found it. His shoulders stiffened when he turned his back to his boss; something about the other man, standing calm and quiet behind him, almost friendly, yet clearly blocking his way back out, made his skin crawl.
It gave him a moment of quiet.
“No, no, no,” he was saying. “No, no.” His hands dropped then, and he slid heavily into a chair. Castiel sat beside him, touching his arm.
He watched the dragon soar up, a brilliant flash of turquoise and blue and gray, Dean settled securely between its shoulder blades and still gripping its scales for dear life. Looking upwards, captivated by the beautiful creature and Dean on its back, so terrified and fearless at the same time, Castiel dropped into the volcano himself. Not a few seconds passed before he crashed onto black rock, and struggled to position himself safely on its back when it came to life and opened its wings. Moments later he was up in the air with Dean, riding a dragon’s back that was darker than midnight skies with much more comfort and ease than Dean was on his ocean-like dragon.
He took a breath.
Dean grabbed a fork from the drying rack. “Is this silver?”
“That’s a great idea.” He couldn’t mask the sarcasm in his voice. “Or we could put a picture of your parents in it.”
It was his building. But instead of the second floor, the text said ‘sixth floor’. Dean walked in and started climbing.
“Great. Thanks. You’re the best,” Dean patted his shoulder.
“First we’re going to choose the flowers.” She indicated at a few vases at the center of the joint tables the class was sitting around. “Pick your flowers in threes: large flowers, medium flowers and small flowers. Now, you want to buy your flowers the day before, because sometimes they aren’t open all the way, and soaking them in water overnight will open them up a little more.”
“Barely felt it.” Dean shrugged and ignored the pain when the lock pressed deep into his back. “You might wanna hit the gym before you try to make someone afraid of you.”
“There’s an and?” He asked coolly.
, and the ride made an alright excuse to tell Dean. He could just say he went back home if… If any of them survived this night.
Dean looked at the shut drawer, and there was shame in his eyes. “No.”
The students around Dean scrambled to get to the best flowers first, all sighing and gasping in anticipation. He almost admired their passion for something so utterly useless.
Dean never explained to him why he’d acted so weird the day they docked to resupply. During the next few days, he seemed to do everything in his power to make Castiel uncomfortable: he’d eye him quizzically for hours at a time, and then, at something Castiel sometimes didn’t even realize he’d said, Dean’s expression would melt down and turn into a mixture of happiness and pain.
Nerd had the entire extended number of Pi on his wall.
Dean didn’t answer that. Castiel couldn’t tell whether he was worried for his men, or if he had too much faith in them. He assumed the latter when Dean checked out the profile of his figure leaning against the wall and said,
"He looks like a little clone of Cas."
“He’s still processing the non-natural things he saw.”
The vampire turned to look at him. “What?”
Dean smiled. “You don’t need to make up for nothing.”
Dean called the crew around. He left Jo on the Impala – “You stay behind and take care of my baby,” he said, smirking, “and I mean the ship, Cas, not you-“ to which a few pairs of eyebrows rose, and he dropped his smile and cleared his throat. “The rest are coming with.”
“Castiel,” he said.
“I do not,” he answered.
Somehow, the no-bedroom apartment looked even smaller when it was empty.
“I’ll come back for you at ten,” Chuck said when they pulled up into Dean’s street.
Cas: did you get a good score on the history exam?
“No,” he said. “My girlfriend is a two-headed horse named Dean.”
“Ma.”
“It’s a big school,” said Castiel.
“That would be great.”
“Yeah,” said Meg. “Sort of.”
“Demons?” Dean asked, sounding somewhat worried.
Charlie kneeled in front of him and rolled up the sleeves of her white cotton shirt. As promised, she started fondling him. He was sweaty. She was unforgivingly thorough. Overall, a bad experience for both sides.
“What’s a space to raise a child in?” Castiel asked defensively. He liked their place. No – he really loved it. To him it meant first kisses and sobriety and safety and a bed that was shitty but it was always warm.
“Dean!” yells Castiel, looking around frantically. A moment later, he recognizes Dean’s panicked eyes. He’s standing a few feet away, buried within marching instrumentalists. He reaches his hand out, and Castiel pulls him from the bubble of music, keeping hold of his hand.
“Hold on.” She looked at Meg and then back at him, and nodded her chin across the room. “You know Dean?”
Castiel considered which details he wanted give out. “Well, he’s sweet,” he said. “He’s also eighteen. And he’s good, you know what I mean?”
Dean’s laughter filled the room softly. “Why?”
He waited.
“I know. I-“ Dean waits for him to go on, but he doesn’t think he can. He never calls.
“Excuse me,” he said and got up to meet Dean outside the room.
“Yes,” said Castiel slowly. “Why are you... like this?”
“Who’s that?” Castiel interrupted.
He pushed his chair back, and stood up. “Thank you for your time,” he said with a tight jaw.
“I’m good.” He wiped blood off his nose. His voice sounded funny with his nose blocked. “What’s with the laser eyes?”
“Merry freakin’ Christmas,” he said.
“I just don’t want anything I say to be used against me later.”
And he didn’t mind the walk. It didn’t take more than twenty minutes, and it was a stroll through the clean and homey neighborhood of his school and into the classier one where he lived.
Especially if you’d have no way of avoiding them if you told them they were boring to their face.
Dean’s face lit up. “The last Avengers movie?”
Cas watched him.
They sat down on the floor with the ball between them.
“That’s when you left us a clue through the camera,” said Castiel.
Castiel’s eyes flew open. Dean was looking at him, his eyebrows furrowed, like he was trying to shake off a dream. “Did not.”
"It might be fun," Dean smiled at him.
Unpacking his things wasn’t as big of a challenge as it had seemed. Dean made room in his closet, the bathroom cabinet, and even the kitchen drawers.
Halloween was in less than a week, and he couldn’t be less thrilled.
“You’re going to want the rest of the crew to join,” Castiel said when they arrived. “The stories tell that no one who’s tried to retrieve the treasure got out of these caves alive.”
“That weird Halloween thing?” She asked. “Sure. I’ll go and mock everything.”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “If you don’t mind me asking.”
Castiel shifted to stand beside him. “You don’t,” he said, using a pen to copy six numbers onto the back of an envelope that was on the table. He handed the envelope to Dean. “The first set isn’t coordinates; it’s numerology.”
But straight A’s couldn’t change the fact that all the lights were out when he came back home. He left his bag by the door and peeked into the living room. No Chuck. He checked the dining room. And the kitchen.
He was pretty sure Dean never took the SATs. But that was beside the point.
“I let you win!” Dean protested.
"So how close are you?" He asked.
“I’ve got nothing,” he said.
Castiel walked out after him.
“That’s fine,” said Anna. From the other side of the class, April was approaching.
He turned to fill another box. Dean stretched his hand to grab something from the floor by the bed.
They stood up in a rush, and Dean waved his hand at them. His shoulders were tense. Steps calculated.
"I've got them."
Even if it would be real for him. It wouldn’t be real for both of them.
“Boring or not, we still have to do it.”
Especially not with the nightmares.
Just like Dean
“Nope. It's the smell.”
“Alright,” he said.
“Hey,” Dean protested. “Everyone likes to be the little spoon. It makes you feel safe.”
“Yeah, yeah,” said Dean, letting out a long exhale. “He’ll walk it off.” He looked at Castiel. “Rough day, huh?”
“A college student and a hunter against some big knot?” Asked Dean and sat down on the carpet. “I’ll take my chances.” He tugged on Castiel’s sweater sleeve. “Come on. Shit’s about to get festive.”
“Hello?” He said into it.
“There’s a whole bunch of other-”
He watched his father lying unconscious on the bed. “We got in a car crash,” he said. “Father was inside the car. We’re in the hospital now.”
“I have no idea.” Castiel took a look at it over his shoulder. “It’s not from this summer.”
“It looks pretty good.”
“Go away,” he hissed, but it was too late. His mother was in hugging range now, and she charged ferociously.
Almost as if they were guarding the exit.
“French fries,” he murmured out of sleep.
Dean motioned vaguely at the sweater. “Your shirt.”
They watched a few more before Castiel’s phone buzzed.
“For your father’s storage locker?” He said. “We’d agreed I’ll take Friday off so we can go.”
“Captain!” This time, the tip of the sword almost grazed his forehead as the man swung it around.
“Are you sure you want to start a
“I know,” said Dean and took his hand. “Come on. My ass is freezing.”
“Friends?” Asked Chuck. Castiel nodded. “Yeah?”
“Lilith’s plan to bring Satan to life? It’s happening.”
Straight into him clashed a man cradling a big sack of potatoes in his arms. He wobbled for a moment and gained his balance back, taking a look at Castiel, who hurried to shove his hands – filled with chocolates – behind his back.
Dean looked up, then. With all the murmuring around the room, it took him a moment to realize what had caught his attention – but then it happened again.
“They’re dead,” Cas said. Dean almost dropped his plates.
“Can’t,” she says. “There’s a blackout.”
“Nah.”
“Actually,” Dean said, looking intermittently between Anna and her. “I don’t think I’ll be in town. Cas wanted to see Wayward Sisters, since he’s moving there next fall, so I was gonna give him a ride.”
“Kansas.”
Not special to Dean by any account, but certainly kick-you-in-the-nuts popular. Even better: not the kind of popular who was friends with everyone. The kind of popular who was friends with
“What’s going on?” He asked, coming to stand before the three of them. “I brought what you asked,” he said to Dean.
“It’s still going to be far away from your college,” Dean argued. “What if we moved closer to there?”
“What do we do with these?” Dean asked.
“Pizza rolls?” He lifted one hand, and then the other. “Or pizza puffs?”
Everyone stared, but no one seemed to give him real attention aside from the redhead, Charlie, who brought him a small jug of water every few hours.
He didn’t understand. “So are they supposed to live obliviously until some… shapeshifter slits their throat?”
So that’s about it. He won’t tell Dean how he feels. Everything will be like it was before, and he’ll just… never know whether he ever had a chance.
“What’s she saying?” Dean asked.
in his tone. “…If you name you guys’ firstborn after me.”
“I can’t,” he said. “I have physics.”
He patted Castiel’s hand, as if to say
Dean glanced at his brother hesitantly. “You wouldn’t believe me if I said FBI, would you?” He smiled nervously.
He shifted with unease, smoothing his expression. “What do you mean?”
“Yeah, but... you get why,” said Dean.
“Are you just asking that so that I’ll drop the argument and you’ll win?”
“Sure.”
“We’re losing.”
Dean gave him another hug, a genuine, tight one, and he pushed him away lightly.
“I guess we should talk about it,” said Dean, his mouth twisting at the table.
“It’s okay.”
“Cas, apparently,” said Charlie, and high-fived Sam.
“Yeah.”
“I should ask her about it,” said Dean, “And then you’ll see.”
“I won’t,” said Dean, and shook his empty hand expectantly. Reluctantly, suspiciously, Cas placed a hand in his. Dean's fingers tightened around it.
“I meant about lying,” Dean said. “Did she tell you anything?”
“Why not?”
Castiel wanted to say:
. Bobby didn’t say
He stood up to face Dean, who was holding the kettle in his hand. “Why do you keep saying things like that?” He snapped.
“We’re neighbors,” said the guy, reaching out a hand for Bobby to shake. “Benny.”
Castiel clenched his teeth. He knew what he must do, although he didn’t like it. And Dean throwing a knife at him didn’t help him like it any better.
He took out his phone and hovered over the contacts app. He didn’t know what else to do.
Anna Milton and Castiel trotted along Seaside Trail, which he was beginning to think of as
“Do you need me to show him the dormitories?” Crowley asked, pointing at Dean.
“What did Marv say?” Castiel tried to keep his voice from growing frantic.
“We’ve just been enjoying some time with your beautiful pup,” Mistress Abbadon says with a smile.
?” Castiel asks.
“I don’t need any new clothes for the holidays,” Balthazar says. “My clothes from last year will work fine.”
“We’ve been working around the clock to find him, I assure you. Nobody is going home. We’ve even been sleeping down there,” Dick said. “I promise, we’re doing everything we can.”
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“W-we’re just neighbors,” He stuttered. “I have to go.” He left Anna in the gazebo and headed back to the main party without looking back.
“There are just too many of them,” Castiel says, his tone finally revealing his anxiety.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
Blue took the first one out with a single head-shot, the ghoul’s head exploding on impact. Three more immediately crawled over the dead body to get outside. “Take out as many as you can as soon as they cross through the door!” Blue yelled, crouching behind an old car to get some cover. “I’ll get the ones that charge us or get past you.”
The wife sighs, “No, I can’t.” She heads back inside, leaving Jo out on the porch. She appreciates what Mistress Roman is trying to do, but it doesn’t help. She’s still going to be raped again. It’s not a matter of
“What do you want to know?” Blue asked instead.
Castiel grimaces. “I didn’t intend for this to happen.”
. It looks German. Maybe Sammy would know, but Dean has no clue.
Castiel puts his head in his hands. His lips are still tingling, and it’s not an unpleasant feeling. He can’t deny it anymore. He didn’t enjoy that kiss, he loved it.
“He gave me his old racket so I wouldn’t have to buy one,” Balthazar screeched to match Castiel's tone. “What was I supposed to say?”
“I’m not going to report you,” Abbadon says. “You’ve been very good to us over the years. I trust you. That’s why I’m asking you this.”
“When we step out of the vehicle, don’t look at the bus,” Castiel says. “A Supreme Entity wouldn’t care about losing a few civilians.” They all step out of the SUV and put on their sunglasses, not paying any attention at all to the bus a few feet away from them. They walk over towards the officer in charge who Jessica had spoken to earlier.
Cas leaned forward into the front seat, giving Dean an eyeful of the way his jeans hugged his
Castiel stands to the side of the road next to Alfie while Dean paces around thinking. They watch him run his hand along the fence on the side of the road and examine some vines that are clinging to the side of it. Castiel thinks it’s all a bit silly, but this method seems to work for Dean. Who is he to judge?
“They’ll be your friends soon too,” Naomi said diplomatically. “Dean is going to be starting his junior year this week too, and he has a younger brother Sam who is going into eighth grade. I’m sure you’ll have plenty to talk about.”
Right now Dean is kneeling on the floor staring out his window. It’s self-inflicted torture. The window is even worse than the cracked door. He can see people moving around outside, living their lives while he’s stuck in this room like a child in time-out. He sighs when he watches the new Ofmarv take off down the street with Benny. The beta has been forced to do Dean’s shopping while he’s been locked away in this room. It’s not safe for an omega to walk alone. Dean can’t believe he misses those stilted conversations about the weather with brainwashed Ofmarv. He wants nothing more at this moment than to be let outside for a simple shopping trip.
“He’s not gonna catch us,” Castiel reassured him. “Trust me.” Dean rolled his eyes at that. Of course Dean didn't trust him, how could he?
“I’m not a nun, sweetie,” she says. “I don’t care that you cheated.” Dean raises his eyebrows in shock. “I just care that you’re gorgeous and will look great in our winter magazine.”
“Ames, I told you this position would require extensive traveling. This isn’t like being in the Illinois Bureau where everything is within a couple hundred miles. I’ll be traveling all over the United States.”
Castiel looks surprised at himself, as if they haven’t been steadily chipping away at the societal norms that dictate how they should behave every time they’re alone in the same room together. “You’re so strong, Ofal,” he says quietly. Dean doesn’t feel strong. If he was strong he wouldn’t be here. He can tell that Castiel knows he doesn’t believe him, but also knows that he won’t be able to convince him of it.
“Why does he even bother having us all come over if he’s gonna ditch to go hang out with Annamilton?” Gabriel said her name blended together so it sounded like one. The other boys laughed.
“I put something in your gym bag that I think will help,” Crowley says sympathetically from across the line. Dean runs over to where he’d flung his bag on the ground and opens it up to find a silky red tie. He wants to ask how the hell Crowley was able to get into his bag in the first place, but figures he probably had Brady do it during their soccer practice.
His heart thumped quickly in his chest when he reached his house. The red door was still standing along with the front wall, but he could tell that most of the house was gone. He took a deep breath before opening the door to look inside. There was nothing left—to sign that the people who’d taken Claire, or anyone for that matter, had been there since they'd left to run to the vault. Castiel fell to his knees and sobbed.
That’s why it comes as no surprise to anyone that the two finalists are Crowley and Brady against Castiel and Dean. Their campaigns really aren’t that different, probably because they’re best friends. Crowley stands up on stage cool as a cucumber while he delivers his speech. He’s as well-rehearsed as Castiel is. Brady looks slightly nervous, but all in all they give a good presentation.
“Is this like practice for labor? I mean if we get pregnant?” Bela interrupted from beside him.
“No,” Abbadon says. “She’ll be fine.”
Tuesday, September 8
“I am well, Sir,” Castiel replies, bowing his head slightly. “And how are you?”
“Shut the fuck up,” he hissed at her. Dean looked over at Charlie where she was finishing putting on the beta outfit. He walked over to hand her the cattle prod and grab his own cloak and blinders from where he’d stashed them.
“Yes,” Sam replies. “People with this disorder fully believe that the objects of their obsession return their feelings. They don’t profess these feelings through words, but in small actions and glances.” Larry puts his arm around Alfie as if he’ll be able to shield his son from this person. Dean can’t blame him.
Dean’s eyes widened. “Really?”
He went silent again, and Dean wondered if he was going to expand on that at all. When he didn’t, Dean asked, “If you lived in a place like that, why would you come here? Also how can places like that exist when things are all destroyed here?”
“Come in,” his boss ordered.
so profound that he almost stumbled backwards. He had no memory of kissing anyone, but at the same time, it felt like he was finally exactly where he needed to be. He deepened the kiss and ran his hand through Cas’s hair before gripping the back of his neck to pull them closer together. Cas groaned in that fucking voice of his, and Dean felt all of his blood start to rush south.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mr. Winchester,” she gushed, opening the door. “I haven’t seen you! I was wondering where you were,” she said in French.
“No.” Castiel doesn’t say it harshly, but his tone does indicate there’s no room for discussion. Out of everyone on this case, he’s the one who knows Gadreel the best. “Gadreel is too smart for that. If we talk to him, we’re going to need something he wants. Even then we can’t assume that he’ll be of any help to us.”
“Are you running with anyone?” Charlie asked.
“So good for me, Cas,” he whispered, placing a kiss on his neck. “Taking me so well, and… fuck, you’re tight.”
The next morning Castiel wakes up after ten hours of restful sleep with Amelia cuddled up into his side. He groans as she starts kissing his neck. He’d love to stay in bed with her, but he needs to get ready for work. It’s already eight, and he has to get to the office by nine.
“But—“
7:05pm
He heads down the front steps and walks towards the driveway. He can see Ofmarv standing just outside the gate waiting for him. In between the two of them is the Alpha's driver, Castiel, who is fixing up a pothole in their driveway. There are bags of cement blocking the walkway where he needs to step, so he waits for Castiel to notice.
“Misha?” Castiel asked with a smile.
The lights flicker in the auditorium, signaling that it’s time for everyone to return to their seats. Once everyone is inside Principal Richings heads back up to the microphone. “Can I have the candidates up here onstage?” The boys line up on the stage in the order that they presented in, but this time only the presidential candidates stand up. The vice presidential candidates have all taken seats in the audience. Castiel picks Dean out of the crowd immediately because he’s sitting next to Sam and grinning hugely. Dean gives him a big thumbs up when they make eye contact, and Castiel smiles in return.
“Womit kann ich dir helfen?” The woman at the desk asked him in German.
Well, that was a shorter break than last time anyways! Haha I hope you like it
“Can we get back to looking for Anna, please? I want to go home.” Castiel resumed looking through the bushes.
“Who is—” Benny heard Dean start, but Cole interrupted him.
They finished eating the rest of their meal in uncomfortable silence and then headed back out to Cas’s ridiculous Prius. Dean had no idea why he hated the silly thing so much when it was going to get them to Paris by morning, but he did for whatever reason. Maybe it was something he couldn't remember.
Dean leads Alfie back into the dining room with his hand gently resting on the kid’s shoulder. As he passes by Castiel, the older man gives him a hint of a smile. That’s a small improvement in their relationship anyways. Up until now it’s been mostly glares between the two of them. Dean hopes Castiel has forgiven his earlier behavior when they first started working together. He’d made a lot of assumptions about the other agent and was jealous about not getting the promotion to Assistant Unit Chief. That’s all water under the bridge now. Castiel has proven himself very capable, and as far as what happened in Illinois, Dean now knows now that he didn’t get the full story initially. There’s only so much you can glean from a short article in the newspaper. Seeing firsthand how that case has affected him makes Dean much more sympathetic towards him.
“I put all of our numbers in there for you,” Crowley said with a smile.
“Geben Sie uns Ihren Ausweis,” the other officer spoke up. “Ihre Papiere bitte.”
“Don’t answer him,” Dean says.
“What?” Dean’s voice sounds tiny in his head, but he assumes Crowley heard him because he keeps going.
After another moment of silence, John got up and left without saying another word. Dean couldn't help but feel like John was disappointed in him, but he didn't know why. Sure, he was only able to bring back a few supplies, but he’d also narrowly escaped being killed. It seemed like John only cared about what information he could give him and not his son’s safety. Dean tried his best to fall back asleep, but it took him forever because he couldn't stop thinking about how many times he’d failed his father. Before he slipped into unconsciousness he vowed to do whatever it took to not disappoint him again.
“I was just going to say that you’re already creepy enough when you stare at people, Cas, you don’t have to add in hiding behind things as well,” Dean chuckles.
“You were an uneducated, used-up slut,” Aunt Naomi said harshly. “Do you think any Alpha would want you, tainted as you are?” Dean closed his eyes. The beta always had a gift for being able to find what hurt the most. “But the Great Alpha found a way to make you useful.” She stepped forward towards the table. “So where’s the gratitude?”
“I’m not sure what you’re getting at,” Dick said evasively.
“Alright,” Dean says. Once he’d gotten past the pee-your-pants terror, he’d actually enjoyed himself. It’s been so long since he’s been able to play cards. He finds himself looking forward to doing this again, which is kind of hilarious given how nervous he’d been to come here.
He watches out of the corner of his eye as the Guardian nods towards Aunt Naomi. The older beta hits him on the side of the face with the cattle prod as hard as she can, and the blow causes him to fall over. Then she starts mercilessly shocking him. He screams as his body convulses in pain, but Naomi doesn’t stop.
“I just wanted to make sure I didn’t look ugly,” Gabriel responds.
He felt a wave of guilt and shame crash over him, and it hurt so much that it made him gasp. Blue looked at him with concern, but he had no idea what was going on inside Dean’s head right now. Blue continued to watch what was happening on the street below, but he did wrap his arms around Dean’s shoulders and stroked his arms soothingly.
“That he’s one sick fuck?” Charlie asks.
“I’m not,” Sam says hastily. “I’m just glad you two seem to be getting along a bit better than you were when he first showed up.”
“Where did he take the body?” Dean’s voice was rising in pitch, and Castiel could tell he was growing more agitated by the second.
“Because there’s a body in the street!” She yelled. “This is Paris! The place is already crawling with cops. I can’t clean this up.”
“Okay,” Castiel says, trying his best to sound bored.
“There was a hostage situation in Chicago six months ago. You told me that you'd give yourself up, and I believed you. You came out willingly, and I sent in six agents to retrieve the hostage. That’s when you pressed the button to set off the bomb that killed everyone inside that building. It was my mistake. I was outsmarted by you, Gadreel.” He looks over at the prisoner who is staring at him smugly. “I apologize to the families of the victims who died in that blast, and I am deeply sorry for what happened.”
A knock on his cabin door interrupted his thoughts. “Captain Fitzgerald?”
The man stared at him for a moment, and Dean fought the urge to look away. His eyes were so intense when they were staring right at him like that. “What’s yours?”
“Ignore them,” Blue whispered close to Dean's ear causing him to shiver involuntarily. “Nobody would dare touch you while you’re with me.” That didn't make Dean feel any better.
“Hey Charlie, it’s Dean,” he says, his smile coming through in his tone even though this is serious. “I need you to take a shot of some of your Felix Felicis and help me out with something. I have a program here called Password Protect and a girl with less than a day to live. What can you tell me about it?”
“What’s wrong?” Castiel asks.
By the time they were all packed and ready to go, Blue said the sun should be setting. Dean wasn’t sure how he was able to tell time because there were no windows in this building. Of course, his own internal clock was all messed up from being stuck in here for so long. They grabbed their things and said goodbye to Benny and Meg, and then they headed for the entrance of the factory. People looked at them a little funny as they walked past, and Dean wasn’t sure if that was because they knew where they were going or if they somehow heard about what happened between him and Alistair. He felt his heart-rate pick up.
Dean lets his head thump back against the wall of the closet. He’s so frustrated. Not just with the situation, but with himself.
Dean smiles smugly when he turns around, but the look on Castiel’s face is serious. “What?” Dean asks.
Sam had been on high alert all day. Even though Dean wasn’t his omega, he was his brother, so all of Sam’s protective Alpha instincts had kicked in full force. The doctors had almost had to forcibly remove him from the room when he went full Alpha. All he’d seen was that Dean was in pain, and his instinct told him to attack whatever was causing the pain. Of course there hadn’t been anything to attack since Dean's own labor was the problem. Dean was able to calm him down and get him to leave to splash water on his face. When Krissy was finally born after nine grueling hours of labor, Sam collapsed into that chair and hasn’t moved since.
Castiel looked pointedly over his way, and Dean tried not to roll his eyes. Was he supposed to pretend he wasn't here or something?
Castiel looked towards the sleeping form on his bed and tried to take a deep breath. He was so not qualified to handle this. Every bone in his body was itching to go find Alistair and put him six feet under, but Meg reminded him that wasn’t the smartest plan. Al had people guarding him day and night. His garrison was over twice the size of any of the others, and he had close allegiances with other garrisons as well. There was a reason he was the Boss.
When he gets down to the second floor, he hears Mistress Abbadon talking to someone. He starts heading in the direction of her voice and almost runs into Castiel who is carrying a box full of something. Castiel sets the box down in the hallway and gives him an indecipherable look before heading back into the room he came out of.
“Of course, man!” Dean clapped him on the shoulder. “How could she say no to you?”
“I thought you were a true believer,” he says in surprise.
Dean loves the rich woodsy smell of the Novak’s old horse barn, but it’s quickly become masked by the thick aroma of paint now covering the walls. They’ve been painting in here for over an hour now, and the noxious fumes are giving him a headache. Castiel tried opening the doors and a window, but it isn’t helping much.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
Castiel thinks for a moment. “You were feeling faint, and I found you passed out.”
“I can’t believe this,” he mumbles. Balthazar and Gabriel look as horrified as he feels. Their faces probably mirror his own. “That should’ve been us.” He goes onto the court and starts whacking balls ferociously. He needs to get some of this pent-up rage out before he can think clearly.
“Rest in peace, cute coma guy, you’ll be missed,” Balthazar put his hand over his heart in mock sincerity and the other boys, including Dean, laughed.
To say that Dean had changed his life would've been an understatement. He came into it like a fucking wrecking ball, crashing into him hard and leaving a mess behind. Despite how angry he’d been at the time, Castiel couldn't find it in himself to resent Dean. The green-eyed man had broken his heart, but at the end of the day, Castiel only had himself to blame. Dean had warned him not to fall for him. It was his own fault he didn’t listen. Still, never in a million years would he have expected to see Dean at the American embassy in Zurich. What the hell was he doing here?
Castiel takes a second to process that while he hears Gabe instruct the unsub, “Walk slowly towards me with your hands up.”
? “You can fulfill your biological destinies in peace.”
Dean can see that Mistress Abbadon is inside the room with her back facing away from him. She must sense that he’s there though because she turns around to face him with a smile. “Ofal! Blessed day. Please come in.” Dean waits for Castiel to bring another box into the hall before he steps around him and into the room. “I know that we’re still in such early stages, but I’ve been wanting to clean this room out for a while.”
“He has to assume we’re watching the bank, right?” Sam asked, hoping that thinking out loud would help him understand his brother's motivations.
“I am dying for marshmallows,” Castiel says to nobody in particular. He sits down by the bonfire that Kali, Lisa, and Meg are gathered around. “Sorry to interrupt, but this bonfire is the best for roasting.” After he sits down, Crowley and Gabriel sit down as well.
Anna pulled into the circular drive of the Novak estate, Dean thanked her for the ride, and then waved to her and Benny as they drove away. He headed straight for the guest house to get himself a snack before his four o’clock meeting with Castiel and the party planner. He wasn't entirely sure why they needed to hire an expensive party planner for a high school party, but since he wasn't paying for it he didn’t really care. He was just excited to get more time to spend with his neighbor.
