Five minutes later, Dean ends up holding Crowley’s tie between his fingers, a paisley patterned in a dark shade of gray. His tie was the most personal item on Crowley, apparently, which tells Dean all he needs to know about how empty the guy’s life is.
, looking slightly foxed and smudged with soot, but otherwise intact. Their eyes met, both slightly watery.
“He’s one of the good guys,” Krissy replies.
"What the…?" Dean says from where he and Sam are crouched on the floor beside him. Charlie is also here, sitting behind them and holding her head in her hands, until she also looks up in surprise.
“Castiel! There you are.” Michael swam towards him, meeting him halfway across the cavern. His brother didn't embrace him, but merely asked quietly, “Where were you? We looked for you.”
John settles in his chair, smiling again as Dean sits on the other side of his small table. “I’m proud of you, you know that?”
Dean also sits back, relaxing into his chair. "Did you ever see the Seal at Oxford?"
Cas turns to him, his attention entirely focused on Dean now. It’s more than slightly unnerving. “What makes you think that?”
“Of course,” Castiel says, nodding, and walks away before Dean can change his mind and pull him by the wrist, push him against the archway, and kiss the everloving shit out of him. He just watches Cas shuffle through the apartment and down the steps, only exhaling when he hears Castiel’s footfalls enter the kitchen below.
noise with his tongue, then steps forward into Dean’s space, his shoulders squared. “That’s not a nice thing to call someone, is it?”
“It’s just business,” Christian cut in, cold and unapologetic. “You know how it is, man. Nothing personal, eh?”
Before the professor can respond, Dean closes his eyes and focuses on transferring his energy…not casting a heat spell like they’ve done together before, but simply shifting some of his body’s energy and filling Cas up instead. Castiel gasps audibly and Dean shivers, feeling the creep of cold traveling down his spine. An exchange is happening, a transfer that feels organic and new—now he has Castiel’s coolness, and Castiel has his heat. After a few moments both temperatures even out, until they’re neither hot nor cold, just perfectly balanced and in-sync.
“Only be given to another freely? Yeah, kind of a neat trick, huh?” He paused, swimming across his quarters again as he spoke. “It was given to a human by a mer many years ago. As far as we know, they fell in love with a human, and gave the stone away. That mer never returned to the ocean—we assume they died up there. Merfolk were banned from contact with humans after that— we’d lost a precious treasure, and one of the royal children along with it.”
But this time when he agrees, Dean’s eyes light up and he’s on his feet and at the table quicker than Jack’s ever seen him move. He insists on standing opposite Cas, and they argue long and loud as they play about
Cas gasps, then rushes over to the coat and squats beside it, shining the light from his phone onto it. A black furry head peeks out from underneath. Cas' jaw falls open again as the cat walks out, nudging against his knee and giving him a look that clearly says, "
“Yes,” Adler agrees. “Against the odds, you both seem to have formed rather a profound kind of bond. Congratulations. We’ll see you at the graduation on Wednesday.”
Dean gave a small, mocking bow to Ion. “Perfect timing, Tapping. As it happens, we have reason to believe the fire has a lot to do with you.”
Cas smiles to see him there. “Did you find something to eat?”
magic book. But before Rosco caught him, he read something—something about the Well being unstable.” He scrubs a hand over his face. “He said we need to be really careful.”
“Well, I mean,” Dean says, fiddling with his beer bottle. He looks sidelong at Charlie with a smirk. “He was hot. Really hot.”
Castiel eyes Dean before looking back at the tall trees making the edge of campus. Dean sounds nervous, not like his usual confident self. He wonders if Dean had got some of the kickback from the lay magic casting that he liked. It wouldn't be the first time Castiel had inadvertently got someone hooked on the feeling, but at least he'd been there to help Meg control her casting until she got the hang of things. He'd have to keep an eye on Dean.
Castiel glances up at him, surprised. "Well…I...I am." Castiel’s eyes linger on Dean's for a moment until Castiel looks back at the screen self-consciously. "I've always wanted to know more about the Stanford Seal. This is the perfect opportunity for a closer look."
“You eat that one,” Cas urges, nodding seriously at her. "That's your pizza."
Once the residue was washed away, the smokey smell also seemed to lessen, and even by the end of that first day, things might have been feeling almost back to normal again, if it weren’t for the nearly empty shelves in the library.
When he can finally open his eyes again, he sees Dean getting to his feet, sticky mess on his chest. He pumps one strong hand along his length as he stands in front of Castiel, breathing hard.
Missouri sighs, raising her hands so that her palms face the floor, thumbs touching. She breathes in again and pulls elemental energy into the room, then twists her fingers into the configuration for Kelvin's Evaporator, her gold rings flashing. As her spell casts, the puddles on the floor lift and disperse back into the air, and Castiel realizes his mouth is dry as ash.
“Cas, I…I can’t…” They haven’t stopped casting even though the rain has stopped and the snow is falling, and Dean tries to slow his hands, but the look of pure joy on Cas’ face is memorizing. “Should we stop?”
Dean heard a voice, then: "Castiel? Is that you?"
He exhales shakily, surprised to feel Sam patting his back. He scrubs a hand over his face and sighs, turning to face his little brother. Sam might be healed up thanks to Anna, but he still looks terrible—his clothes are several days old, and they look it. He was kidnapped and drugged, then supercharged when only him and Crowley had access to the Well. Poor kid’s been through the goddamn ringer tonight.
Benny smirked in Dean's direction as he said, "Nah, but Dean swears up and down he saw a mermaid!" He laughed, and Dean couldn’t help but feel his cheeks heating up as Andrea turned her skeptical gaze on him.
Both Dean and Sam gasped when they saw the compass. The last time Dean had seen it had been before the storm that had wrecked the
Kissing Dean in the midst of their magical snowstorm is like nothing Castiel has ever experienced. The magic rushes through his body and swirls the snow around them in eddies, so that when he eventually opens his eyes and pulls back, a small whirlwind is spiraling around them.
“That’s a freaking understatement.” Dean honestly can’t remember a time when he’s been this excited. “That was incredible, Cas!”
But they’re running out of time, so they set to work after that—even though all of Dean’s instincts are telling him this is the wrong call. He doesn’t know much, but he’s watched enough
“Uh, sorry. This roast is giving me trouble,” he says. They hang up shortly after that, Ellen promising to give Sam a call and hassle him about Ruby, which makes Dean secretly gleeful. He’s pretty sure his brother has invited his shady ass girlfriend along to lunch today, which he agreed to against his better judgment. He’s gotta play nice with Sam for now, but when the spring semester starts he fully intends to talk to Pam. Maybe she’s got intel that could be useful in proving Ruby is about as trustworthy as a worn tire.
be brought to justice. That’s all the questions for now, thank you."
“Did you, um…want to eat here? Or—”
Dean pauses, wondering all over again how on earth they’d been so lucky to find this man, in all this empty country. “Well? You gonna elaborate?”
"Actually, Benny has been keeping an eye on Castiel here for a little while now."
Castiel tries to hold in his surprise. Apparently he and Dean hadn't been keeping things as quiet as they could have been. Had Dean said something to her?
running away from him—and this conversation. She’s halfway to the long, center table where all the appetizers are spread. Dean huffs in surprise and makes his mind up. He walks towards Gabriel, greets Kali with a warm smile and Meg with a sarcastic grin, then plucks the magic shop mogul from between the two.
Castiel threw Dean a quelling look and spoke up again. “Mister Singer, we’ve sorted through our differences, and honestly, our skills complement each other quite well. I would be happy to work a case with Winchester again, if he’s willing.”
him over would look too suspicious.
Dean looked into Castiel’s eyes, his obvious fear making Castiel’s catch his breath. “K-kill me,” Dean bit out, then he went slack in Castiel’s grasp.
Dean pushes Cas away with a handful of the front of his coat and the top of his tie, suddenly breathing harder at how hot this is. “Cas, chill. I’m not about to get busy with an infernal or anything, am I?”
“What…?” Castiel looks around wildly, his hair starting to dampen as the rain continues. “What were you doing in here?”
“In any case, the account said that Sinclair had suspected Lady Donn might have been practicing some kind of occultism for a long while, and had been trying to win her affections so that he could measure some kind of energy levels in the rooms she was renting on St. James’ Street. He mentions—” He leaned forward to emphasize his point. “—that he suspected the Lady might be suspicious of his and Lord Milton’s attention.”
His hazel eyes seemed to bore into Castiel's, so that Castiel had to look away. His gaze fell on a pile of shiny objects off to one side—jewels and cups, mostly. Gifts! Castiel cursed himself for a minnow. He'd even forgotten a gift. He mentally catalogued the contents of his satchel, thinking of all the strange human-objects he'd collected from the sea bed under the fishing grounds. A strange, shiny object with sharp tines on one end, that looked similar to his father's trident? No, that wouldn't do—only humans could make metal objects so perfectly. He'd collected a few already and didn't want to give himself away.
Charlie follows him, and Crowley hangs back to look at Rosco. “Well?”
Castiel shares a glance with Dean before Dean's wide grin appears back on his face. “The fucking grenade launcher, man! He just yippee-ki-yay-ed those motherfuckers!”
He won’t be able to imagine Meg helping him with this. The wounds are still too fresh. But what if he imagines someone else? Someone...male? Green-eyed, tall, broad-shouldered?
“Look,” Dean begins, “y’know I’m all for you dating around and gettin’ your jollies whenever you can get ‘em. I don’t even care that she’s my student as much as—” He stops, trying to word his caution carefully. “This chick just seems like bad news.”
Dean gasped, murmuring, “Oh, Cas…” then adding more firmly, “Cas, I need to speak with you.”
Triton's eyes darted back to Castiel, and he wished once again for a predator to drag him away from this embarrassment.
“Hey! You!” Dean called out, instantly furious. His feet carried him across the room and after the man before he knew what he was doing, tearing out of the Tea Shop and into the dark alley that ran along behind it, narrow and damp, and following him up the street until the darkness swallowed him.
“I think so,” Ellen said, finishing up the last of the buns and grabbing a dish of something to paint the uncooked buns with. “Like I said, I’ve never seen Sam like that before.”
He’s halfway back to his apartment by the time Castiel texts back, but the reply makes him grin stupidly down at his phone.
Why did he agree to meet Crowley’s lay magicians tonight? He'd had an email late last week inviting him tonight, and he'd agreed, but now all he wanted was to take his time in the shower, perhaps slowly work out the fact that he was horny as hell, the memory of Dean's thumb stroking across the back of his hand sending a warm shiver down his spine and right to his core.
He could not believe Dean had happened to be walking by just as he was swimming. He groaned his embarrassment out as he remembered Dean’s shocked expression, but Dean hadn't been scandalized. He'd been speechless, certainly, but his expression had shown…pain.
Anna had never thought to ally herself with someone from Stanford, but in the cause to better regulate the Seal, there are sympathizers everywhere—even in the most surprising places. Besides, any backup she can gather to combat the power and influence of Fergus Crowley is a worthy cause.
"But they're in danger—everyone could be if they—"
Dean turns to look at him, surprised. “We will, sure. I just want to help Cas get the shed sorted out first.”
On the table, his phone buzzes. He ignores it, and gets up to find something to clean up with.
Dean huffs, grabbing another pair of jeans from the closet and popping the button on his dirty pair.
“Yes, well…” Castiel looks at him, his expression self-deprecating and droll. “It seems I have a habit of doing that.”
Miss Becky's eyes were alight with curiosity as she curtseyed to Castiel. "Lord Milton? What is afoot? I saw you mention enemy operatives to Monsieur Roche, there. Is there to be an
The restaurant is strangely quiet as they walk into the hotel building. Dean was expecting it to be buzzing with activity, but there’s only a few people scattered around. He walks up to one of the staff—a young woman carrying plates towards the kitchen.
“No really, I’m sorry, but we can’t let you inside. It’s the rules.” The guy stands in Dean’s way, so he turns back with a frustrated sigh, heading back towards Charlie’s tent.
Castiel watches Azazel’s retreating form heading away down the hill, wishing he had another round to fire, but knowing he needs to turn back to make sure Dean is okay. As he turns away from the gate to run down the driveway, he has the sick realization that he’s pretty sure he only heard two gunshots.
conversation did not involve a telemarketer. It might’ve been a pushy sales pitch, though, just based off of Castiel’s body language.
“Thank you, Dean,” he murmurs, squeezing Dean’s hand, and Dean feels warm all over.
Castiel reaches up the hand not holding the amulet, to cup Dean’s cheek and pull him in for a kiss. “Are you sure you want me to take it? It’s...a lot.”
Translations:
“Like we’re marrying our work instead of each other,” Dean mutters, sounding much more pitiful than he intended.
“Dean! Stop whatever it is you’re doing in there and get back out here! They’re looking for you.” Charlie doesn’t even give him a chance to reply before she ends the call, and Dean groans as he struggles to get his hands onto Cas’ chest to push him away.
Castiel would love to know more about Dean’s family, but Dean seems uncomfortable. He had seemed keen to talk about the nature of magic in their first meeting—perhaps Castiel can coax something out of him that way.
Charlie blinks at him in disbelief. "
Crowley carried on conversationally as he swam slowly around Castiel. “I’m assuming the human you saved was carrying it, or perhaps one of his friends—such a shame all of them made it to safety. I do enjoy the taste of sailor now and then, so to speak.” He smirked as he circled Castiel again, making Castiel grimace. “Either way, it’s your fault they had time to get to their boats and get away. So it’s only fair that you help me to get the treasure back.”
Charlie narrows her eyes, tucking a strand of long red hair behind her ear. “You’re hiding something. Spill it, Winchester.”
he’d heard that name before...
The man himself was humming as Castiel entered the kitchen, up to his elbows in suds as he washed teacups.
Castiel followed Gabriel deep within the home cavern. The bioluminescent lights within the cavern were shaded now, as most merfolk were already in their nests.
Dean and Castiel exchange a heavy look, and Anna wonders if she’s stepped into something her brother doesn’t want to discuss.
She… Did she just…?
The events of yesterday filter back to him in chunks. The lightning—the cemetery—
He glanced up at Dean in the dim light cast from the few lamps nearby. Dean watched him intently from just a few inches away, his lips parted.
They talk about small nothings while the pizza cooks—Claire’s unsettled night, how the final class had gone. Cas sets the table while he tells Dean how sorry he is to have missed it, but Dean deflects him while handing him a can of beer from the six-pack he brought with him—it had just been revision, so it’s not like Cas really needed to be there.
He stares at the phone in his hand for a little while after, grinning like a fool. Cas might need to “stretch his legs” but he’d be home again soon, for more mornings waking up with Dean’s head pillowed against his chest.
“So wet for me,” Dean murmurs, lips brushing Castiel’s before Castiel brings them back together in another searing kiss. Dean circles Castiel’s pucker with two fingers, teasing, before scooping slick and bringing it around to coat Castiel’s cock with it. Castiel whines against Dean’s mouth, but clutches at Dean as the alpha wraps Castiel in the tight, wet tunnel of his hand.
They pack up their meagre camp quickly and set off down the path. The trail is still a little damp from the rain the night before, but not wet enough to stick to their boots. The leagues pass in silence like the day before, but Dean feels Cas’s presence even more. His whole body prickles when Cas leans close where the path grows narrow, and he’s paying less attention to his surroundings than he is to the steady presence of the mage just behind him. They make good time, and as they pass over a rise just before midday, the squat buildings and twisting dirt streets of Fallstown come into view.
Cas glared at his brother. “Gabriel, I will stab you,” Castiel growled. Gabriel laughed again.
“You are incredibly argumentative.” Dean laughs.
Maybe they could do IVF? They didn’t really have the money, but maybe in a year, or if they took out a loan . . .
“Listen, you arrogant ass, I don’t know what in the five hells you’re thinking coming after me like this, but if you have any idea what’s good for you, you’ll pack up and head back,” he hisses, leaning in close. In the dim light, Cas’s eyes are deep pools of midnight blue, staring back at Dean with a hard expression Dean knows all too well.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We can give it a shot.”
“Jesus. What a fuckin’ name.”
“Oh, you think anything that happens to you affects my reputation? Please, like anyone gives a damn who you are or what you do. A couple of published papers in liberal publications will get you exactly
“Your benefactor has it covered. You’ll charge everything to an account for him. Here,” Crowley said, handing a crisp manila envelope across the desk. “All of the information you need about where to go is in there. Anything else?”
Cas’s eyes flew open, wide and sincere. “Then say them to me in the morning,” he said. Dean ached to reach out and hold him, but the floor was wobbling and when he leaned forward to touch Cas’s cheek he stumbled, and suddenly the lit candles in the wreath toppled to the floor.
“Yes,” he admitted. “I’m sorry, I know it isn’t proper and I certainly don’t want to get you in trouble, but it was closer and I wanted to get you out of the rain.”
“You’ve met Sam?” Dean asks. Castiel turns back to look at him, giving Dean that strangely adorable head tilt.
Charlie regards him quietly for a moment, then says, “Hey, those new security protocols on the bunker are amazing. I know it’s been a while since I’ve hacked anything big, but these are insane. I’ve never seen anything like them. Who set them up?”
“I’m fine,” he spat, sucking in a deep breath. The wave passed, and Dean managed to make it into the clinic. Cas reached out to grip his hand as they made it into the lobby and signed in. Dean latched on gratefully, refusing to acknowledge the way his scent calmed at his alpha’s touch.
Dr. Banes was nodding along as he talked, jotting down notes. “And how long has this been?”
“What?” Cas asked.
The first thing Castiel noticed was the breathtaking smile that broke out across Dean’s face when their eyes met. With relief, he realized the picture had been real, though immediately after that he felt his mouth go completely dry. Dean was even
The burning need wasn’t surprising, he thought as his fingers traveled down toward his hole. That was something everyone talked about, and was played up in alpha/omega porn. He didn’t really feel
Dean’s expression hardens. “It’s sealed?”
Zachariah’s lip curled in something between curiosity and a sneer as Hannah stood and extended her own hand. He sniffed, not even bothering to cover his obvious scenting, before turning back to Castiel. “Beta?” he asked. Castiel nodded.
Dean swallows hard, his jaw growing tight. “Think he’s dead?” he asks.
“That’s ridiculous.”
Charlie managed to change the subject, but Castiel found himself stuck half in a melancholy mood. He smiled and laughed through the rest of the evening, but as they were parting ways on the sidewalk outside of the bar, he couldn’t help but sink into it a little. Charlie threw herself at him and hugged him tightly.
Cas blushed. “Um, no, not really.”
“Not quite.”
“Me, genius. I’m going to take their case. How do you feel about houseguests?”
This, though, is lightning and thunder breaking across his skin, waves crashing on the shore and the proverbial port in a storm. Dean kisses like he’s starving, delving deep into Castiel’s mouth with his tongue, coaxing noises out of Castiel that he didn’t even know he could make. One hand works Dean’s dick, massaging his growing knot, while the other grips onto Dean’s bicep as he holds on for dear life.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel sipped his coffee. “Yes. Perhaps.”
Warning for Cas having a panic attack at the beginning of the chapter.
“Meet you at the car?”
When Dean wins, Castiel has already resolved that two can play his game. As Dean sweeps the cards together, nothing is betrayed in his scent, but Castiel watches Dean’s eyes flick back and forth between him and the deck. So, Castiel takes a deep breath and stands beside the table.
The sound of slick and flesh quickened, Dean’s breath coming faster behind the door. Castiel tried to match pace, though it was almost too dry. He imagined sinking into Dean’s channel, tight around him, and his knees finally buckled. He heard Dean hit the floor on the other side.
“Yes, Dean, I saw him put his public claim on you last night. You’re being courted by my b—boss’s
“Donna Hanscum,” she said, vigorously pumping his hand in greeting. Castiel turned to the second man and nearly swallowed his tongue.
Cas watched her leave, closing the door behind her, then dropped into a nearby chair and hung his head into his hands. The hormone surge that had come from nowhere was subsiding, but it left him shaky and a little disoriented. How in the hell had today ended up here?
The King’s Roads are well-paved and generally well traveled during the daytime hours, so Dean tries to take advantage of the easy terrain to get as far from Lebanon as he can in the few hours left before sunrise. Much to Dean’s surprise, Cas doesn’t have a difficult time keeping up. He ditched the armored look about an hour ago, which is both good and bad for Dean’s sanity. The armor’s noise was going to drive him crazy, but now Cas is only dressed in a loose shirt tucked into his brown trousers and traveling boots. It’s the most dressed-down Dean has seen him in their entire acquaintance and it’s . . . doing things to his heart rate that aren’t just due to their walking pace.
“It’s okay,” Cas said, shifting so he could reach up to stroke Dean’s cheek. A single tear rolled down it, so Cas brushed it away.
Cas waved a hand. “You don’t have to call me sir, Gilda. Thank you for sharing that with me. Is there anything in particular that stands out about your upbringing?”
“Aww, he can’t help that he’s picky,” Charlie teased.
The music inside changed, from a bright, upbeat tune to a slower waltz. Dean took a chance, feet moving forward almost on their own, until he was right at Cas’s side.
“Hey,” he says, quick and matter-of-fact. “Caught a case.”
“Good night,” Castiel called before taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly. The September night air was sharp and crisp, the scents of the city washing over him as he made his way back toward his apartment. In the quiet night, though, he couldn’t help but think over Balthazar’s teasing suggestions. He’d spent a long time building his career, but as he entered his early forties, he settled into a quieter, less frantic era. He still had a book to finish, but since he earned promotion it isn’t necessarily the same “publish-or-perish” situation he’d been in just a few years ago.
“I’ve got something new I think you’ll like, Cas,” Dean said, unearthing a DVD still in its wrapping. “Charlie recommended this new company to me; apparently they’re all about ethics and female empowerment, even in their guys-only stuff.”
Another voice shouted at him, and then someone sprayed him in the face with something that smelled like chemicals and shoved his nose into a bunched-up wad of fabric. He struggled, held down against his will, but something kept him from unleashing his full alpha strength. The fabric beneath him smelled like old books and apples, his own pheromones, and as his pulse returned to normal he realized that he must have been sprayed with scent neutralizers.
“Nope,” Dean says, smoothing the olive green polyester double-knit. “This baby is a rental.”
“For now,” Dean said, stomping snow from his boots and hanging his jacket on a hook beside the door. “Here, let me,” Dean added, reaching for Castiel’s snow-covered coat.
“There’s six Novak kids, including Gabriel. Like I said, Castiel’s the youngest, and still unattached, so his parents are hounding him hard. And I know after the whole Lisa thing . . .”
Dean’s bed squeaked slightly, and Cas chanced a glance over at him. Dean was sitting cross-legged on top of his covers, clothed in his t-shirt and sweatpants, but he had the heel of his hand pressed hard against a growing bulge in his crotch. Cas watched him, Dean’s breathing starting to speed up as Cas let out little breathy sighs as he jacked himself under the covers.
Sam fusses at his bedside like he doesn’t know where to put his hands, then settles on handing Dean a glass of water from one of the side tables. Dean reaches out, very slowly, and manages to get a grip on it even as his hands burn and tingle. He drinks slowly, too, at first, but the water feels so good on his parched throat that he gulps it down in a few seconds flat and gasps afterward.
, dammit. But for some reason butterflies have taken up residence in Dean’s gut and insist on doing some major martial arts.
“Not without this,” Castiel said, holding a bright blue condom in its foil wrapper up between his middle and forefinger.
The session ended quickly after that.
“Too hot in here,” he said as Castiel carefully folded up the tie and placed it in the inner pocket of his jacket.
“Why? Don’t know if you noticed, Cas, but we’ve kinda been sharing my bedroll for the last few nights. There’s way more room in that bed. I promise I’ll keep my hands to myself.”
to work its way out of your system.”
“There’s no need to be rude,” Nick says. “It was simply a mix-up in the kitchen—”
Then Cas was inhaling deeply, his nose hovering over the pulse point in Dean’s neck, gentle and respectful. A shudder passed through the alpha, and Dean couldn’t help the small groan that escaped him. Dean lowered his own nose to the corresponding place on Cas’s neck, bared to him, submissive, like an alpha is never meant to be. Knowing he wouldn’t, couldn’t, scent anything there, Dean still drew in a deep breath.
“Who is Colette?” Cas asks. Dean’s eyes dart up to meet Cas’s.
And, dammit, now Jack looks like he’s going to cry. Fuck, Cas was supposed to be his dad, supposed to look out for him, and now look at the mess—
“You are still such a strange little thing. A domesticated angel.”
“Can I help you?” came the voice, deeper, rougher than any omega could possibly have, shattering any of Dean’s suspicions that he was a student here. He was lovely, whoever this was, with his wide, plush lips and enormous impossible eyes. Dean blinked, recovered, then pulled up the façade he’d begun to cultivate.
Dean looked up at him, and Cas’s heart nearly stopped. His eyes were red-rimmed, as though he’d been crying, and shining brightly in the dimly-lit garage. They bored into his soul, and Cas’s ears began to ring so badly that he almost missed Dean’s assent.
“She wasn’t happy about it.”
“Dean, you can’t be here,” Castiel said, but it came out breathy and weak. Dean nodded, continuing to examine his shoes.
“Dean,” came a less familiar, though no less panic-inducing voice. Dean raised his eyes barely, then inclined his head again in a gesture of respect.
Dean was silent for a very long time, but the feeling that was swelling Castiel’s heart to impossible sizes kept him from fleeing the cabin. The record player had turned itself off a while ago, leaving them in silence while the fire crackled in the background.
“I can’t possibly imagine.”
Castiel awkwardly hitched his pants up around his waist as he stood to guide Dean to his room. He flipped the light on, hoping he’d managed to clean up his dirty clothes at least, then bent over his side table to rummage in the drawer.
“Shit, Cas, you know omegas can’t work like that. I was on suppressants from my first heat until about six months ago. Strongest stuff I could get.”
,” Gabriel interrupted. “Look, I just figured you were in my neck of the woods, and wondered if you wanted to do the old reconnect?”
someone once? What about Oskar?”
“Bitch.”
“Lucky me,” Dean muttered into his coffee. He looked thin, Castiel observed. He wondered if Gabriel had been feeding him enough during his heat. Then again, if it was as difficult as it had seemed at first, he might not have been up to eating much during it.
“I have three dozen fliers ready to hand out, and spent the day preparing the lab. I’m sure you’ll want to check it over before we begin interviews.”
But that wasn’t going to happen. Castiel rolls over one more time to find Dean and face the day.
“I know you do, but Roman will have my head if I’m not back by one.”
“Spare me your sarcasm, Castiel, until after you’ve been completely ignored and labeled a
The air was turning even more crisp, the leaves losing their brilliant color and falling, so Cas wrapped himself up in a coat as he made his way to his favorite bench on the quad. It had been nearly two weeks since he’d last seen Dean, a quick glimpse of him as he hurried from one class to another. He’d thought about him, though he knew it was a terrible idea. An awful indulgence. Dean had said he was promised, probably to a very rich and very powerful alpha, given how beautiful Dean was. And he was beautiful, with his long eyelashes and bright green eyes. He’d practically glowed from within. The soft fabrics that most Vinehall omegas wore wrapped his shapely body like . . .
“Whoa, hey, deep breaths.” Castiel was struggling to catch his breath again. Dean was in trouble. Dean was in so much trouble and Cas couldn’t help him. “You don’t have to say if you don’t—”
“Fine. We watch
Their trousers are discarded next, and Castiel groans when their hot cocks make contact, thrusting into the crevice of Dean’s hip.
) he built in his room.
“I’m good. Same old, same old, you know?”
“Dean.”
The party was, to be honest, completely and utterly boring. He watched as clouds of demure omegas strategically placed themselves close to clusters of alphas. Dean and his friends navigated their way through these groups, using them to get as far away from the alphas as they could. Gilda, still on Dean’s arm, pointed out prominent alphas that she recognized as they passed.
As luck would have it, they found her there, seated on a small bench and cradling her ankle. But she wasn’t alone.
“I, uh, I fixed cars. When I was young. Hell, up until about six months ago. Well, why aren’t you recording? This is the kind of shit you wanted, right?”
The sound of that gravelly rumble behind him tells Dean that Cas has dropped part of the glamor, but he can still near the metal scrape of plate armor. A rush of fury washes through him and he turns to face Cas.
Somehow, he thinks in the back of his mind, that wasn’t nearly as fun as he’d thought it would be.
Castiel scrubbed at his mouth, inhaling deeply. “I think we’re in trouble,” he said softly. “I don’t want to hurt Dean.”
Dean nods. “That’s . . . that’s a good idea, Cas.”
Dean was jerking off . . . while thinking about
Thinking about Dean made Cas feel things that he knew you weren’t supposed to feel about your best friend.
No, what stopped Dean in his tracks was the alpha standing next to Adler.
Dean had learned to dance in his etiquette class, ballroom dances learned alone while an omega instructor taught them how to properly follow an alpha. But here, in the moonlight with Cas, he could barely feel his own limbs, let alone remember the steps. They ended up swaying, sort of, some semblance of dance steps between them. Dean’s heart raced.
“It seems it was the egg nog,” Cas murmured against Dean’s chest. Dean huffed out a laugh.
He was halfway across campus before the thought struck him.
“Eventually, yes,” Cas said. “I doubt the school would take kindly to my kidnapping you.”
“Yo, Dean, you okay?”
The title pulled Cas up short. Suddenly he was aware of the adrenaline and testosterone pumping through his veins, charging him up in a way that shouldn’t be possible since he was still technically on suppressants.
Dean, then. Sam’s older brother. He giggles for a moment, then looks up and manages to make eye contact with Castiel. Despite Dean’s obviously inebriated condition, Castiel can’t help but stare.
“Dean?”
“But my contacts are all there. I can’t exactly get started on my work if I’m all the way across the country from them.”
. It was faint enough that Castiel was able to keep his senses, but his boxers were becoming uncomfortably tight. The smell coming from Dean’s room was pure sex, even diluted through the neutralizers. He was right outside the door now, the air thick with Dean’s usual pheromones, and the sharp alkaline hint of slick.
“Look, here’s the thing. You’re a grown-up, he’s a grown-up, and sometimes the world just ain’t fair, kiddo. I hauled ass away from home because of it, became a famous omega-rights attorney because of it, but I’m here to tell you that I don’t think any good can come of this. For either of you.”
Michael offered his arm, and with only a moment of hesitation, Dean accepted. He allowed himself be led onto the dance floor and pulled into a tight dance hold. The irony of the situation was not lost on Dean. Michael’s arms were strong, but his hands were cold. Dean could still feel the heat of Cas’s hand in his own, but it was quickly replaced with the cool, smooth feeling of Michael’s. Michael led them gracefully around the dance floor, which slowly emptied of couples as they realized what was happening.
Dean checked his watch. It was only 10am, so he had some time to kill. Not that he had anything to do, but it gave him some time to get his emotions in check before he was expected to have a meeting with someone.
“Yes, I am saying that.”
Castiel blinks, his vision clearing to find himself being held up by Dean, his hand still locked around Dean’s wrist. It takes him a moment to realize they’re both breathing hard, Dean’s chest under Castiel’s cheek. Carefully, Castiel pushes himself up to standing, meeting Dean’s eyes, full of concern.
It wasn’t long before the next wave hit. Cas had learned long ago to stop trying to gauge how intense the current heat was to previous ones. It was always subjective, wishful thinking.
,” Dean breathes, and Cas’s breath catches. “Alpha, c’mere.”
A female omega shot him a bitchface as she walked past, but Dean ignored her. He took a deep breath as the nurse led him into the room.
“Shit, c’mere,” Dean says, pulling Castiel with him to the couch. Dean sits on it first, completely unconcerned that he’s naked, then tugs Castiel into his lap. Castiel presses his lips against Dean’s again, chasing those addicting kisses. Dean reaches between them, grasping both cocks in his large fist, and Castiel’s eyes roll back in his head as he thrusts against the alpha. He watches the head of his own cock pop in and out of the tight circle of Dean’s fist, catching on Dean’s, grinding against the firm knot at the base.
Castiel tilts his head. “You are mystifying, Dean Winchester. First, that ridiculous performance at dinner, now you assume that any alpha who points out a positive characteristic in you is attempting to undermine your independence. I’m . . . unsure of what our interactions indicate.”
Dean took a deep breath before he spoke. “My mom was the Campbell. When she married my dad, they weren’t exactly lining up to give them opportunities. My dad was a mechanic, and mom stayed home with me and Sam—he’s my brother, on the committee with me—when we were little, and she wasn’t really a great cook, so . . . let’s just say, having any kind of opportunity like your proposal for the collective would have saved us a lot of hungry nights.”
Dean’s voice cuts through Sam and Gabriel’s argument. “I’m down,” he says. Castiel can’t see him in the dark, but the idea of removing clothing in the same room as Dean . . .
Cas’s room is freezing, or maybe Dean just gets the chills from looking at the immobile form of his best friend. Cas is alive, Sam says, but beyond that they know next to nothing about his condition. The one thing they do know is that he isn’t healing. His injuries from the final fight with Michael look as fresh as the day Sam brought them both home.
Eventually, Dean came back into the room with two open bottles of beer; he offered one to Cas before he took a long sip. The silence stretched out between them until Dean huffed a laugh. “Still an awkward son of a bitch, huh?”
“’Morning,” Dean says, pressing his face into the back of Castiel’s neck. Castiel freezes, waiting for Dean to realize what he’s doing. But Dean doesn’t stop, and Castiel shivers as he’s sure he feels the brush of Dean’s lips against his hairline.
“It’s enough,” Cas said, pressing a kiss to Dean’s forehead. “It’s
“Still stealing benches, I see.”
Explaining John’s appearance had been easy, too. But the words were halting as he’d described the encounter they’d had in the diner with a creature who had looked like Cas, but was instead
Cas looks ridiculous standing in the moonlight, arms crossed as best he can in the clunky armor he’s still wearing, eyebrow arched as he watches Dean decide. Under other circumstances, that eyebrow would be
They have to.
“There’s never been a case—”
“I didn’t know how else to help. It was the right thing to do.”
Castiel jumps back a bit when Bobby turns around to face him. “In the Bunker there’s a collection of magical instruments whose origins are unknown. The other night, I was in my study late when I heard glass shatter. When I walked past, one of them had swirling red smoke inside. It had been clear before.”
Cas jumped to his feet. “They knew, Dean. They knew that I—that you—that we
Cas suppressed a shudder at the omega calling him that, even indirectly. He was grateful to the suppressants doing their job, since he wasn’t sure he wanted to find out how he would react if he wasn’t on them.
There was despair and terror in his chest, but Castiel wasn’t entirely sure it was all his own. “What if it isn’t?” Castiel breathed. Dean’s eyes shot up from the floor to stare him down.
“Nope,” Charlie said, popping the “p” at the end. “This is strictly non-professional.”
“How the hell are you Mages in shape?” he blurts out around midday. Cas is crouched near a stream, splashing the cool water on his face while Dean fishes a couple of pieces of jerky out of his bag. He offers one to Cas who accepts it gratefully. Dean diligently diverts his gaze from the one stray drop of water rolling down Cas’s neck. Cas sits and tears into the jerky, his thighs straining against the confines of his pants. Dean gulps down some water from his jug to distract himself.
“Fuck, Cas . . .”
—Dean. Dean, please . . . you have to fight . . .”
“I always forget you guys can sense each other’s power. It’s kinda creepy. Yeah, Sammy fixed this up for me. I stay here on long jobs. I figure we’re making the final stretch tomorrow, might as well get a good night’s sleep tonight.”
“Dude, what the hell happened?” he’d demanded as Dean stripped for a shower. “Did you . . . did somebody force themselves . . .?”
“Twenty-three,” he said. “Didn’t you read up on me or something?”
“You hardly let anyone get a word in edge-wise.”
“What are the flyers for?” he asked. Blue-eyes glanced down, as though he’d forgotten, then handed one in Dean’s direction.
For the first time, Dean feels like he is the master of his own future, and he knows exactly how he wants to spend it: kissing Cas until the end of their days.
“Nothing. Just thinkin’ . . . maybe I ask your dad if I can officially court you.”
Dean shrugged, then ducked into the church’s side door and let it close lightly behind him. The sanctuary was kind of creepy at night, the vaulted ceiling dark above him, dark windows in shadowed alcoves, the faint glow of the street lamp casting a dim light across the empty pews. He gave himself a second to let his eyes adjust before he made his way down the side aisle and up onto the dais at the front. The long altar was covered in tinsel and greenery, dominated from behind by the twelve-foot-tall Christmas tree covered in shiny ornaments. It was really pretty all lit up, but in the darkness it was less impressive, kinda cheap-looking. And boy if that wasn’t a metaphor for Dean’s whole relationship with religion, anyway.
Castiel wondered about the hesitation. He’d been to Blue before; it was an upscale bar where businessmen went in suits and spent a lot of time talking in hushed tones. It wasn’t usually his speed, but if Dean was new in town maybe he didn’t know much.
Cas wanted to grab hold of Dean himself, grip Dean’s cock, feel the velvety, hard heat of him in his fist. Dean would arch his back, groaning, as he came over his hand, slicking the way for Cas to—
“What do you do for fun?”
Dean gasped dramatically. “You mean you’d let something like this blemish Cas’s perfect record?”
“I’ve heard of it,” Castiel replies cautiously. “It’s long been destroyed, I thought. Stuff of legend now.”
Castiel could appreciate the turnabout, since that was a routine first interview question, but the way Kevin asked it had been almost accusatory.
“There will never be a time when I wouldn’t rather be home with you.”
“Wanna feel you,” Castiel said, glancing back over his shoulder.
Dean had been in heat recently, so the tantalizing hints of honey and leather Cas had gotten before were deep and saturated, and Cas had to physically grab onto the seat of the bench to stop himself from burying his nose in Dean’s neck to chase it. The honey notes in his scent were light and airy, not heavy or sugary at all, and the leather was rich, like the covers of antique books or the clean leather interior of a sun-warmed car. It was intoxicating, and so startling that Cas missed the fact that Dean had been talking.
Gradually, the moans and grunts from the video filled the room, and Cas could hardly hear anything from the bed next to him. Softly, though, he heard Dean’s breath catch, the wet sound of lube filtering through the canned track of the video. Did Dean have two fingers in himself now? Three? Was he grinding down against them, thrusting them inside his tight, hot hole? Had he brushed against his prostate, forcing himself to choke back a moan?
The luncheon was full of the various department chairs and deans, along with a few influential donors, and the leadership of the University. Castiel had been preparing himself for weeks, knowing he would be required to interact socially with unfamiliar people, but he still struggled to keep up with the pace of conversation. He could only hope he’d managed to come across as interested and quiet, rather than
surrounding him. Bobby was sitting at the table, sorting through a large pile of junk mail. Dean reached into the fridge, pulled out a beer, and set a second one down in front of Bobby as Dean sat and popped the cap from the bottle. Bobby handed him a large manila envelope in the silence, and Dean forgot to breathe.
Dean shifted awkwardly in his seat, wrinkling his nose uncomfortably. He still didn’t have the grasp of his blockers yet, and so had ended up doused in the stuff this morning before he left his room. He hadn’t had to venture out yet, so he’d been a bit heavy-handed with nerves. Basically, he completely reeked of violets. He couldn’t blame the other students when they’d given him a wide berth while taking their seats for the assembly.
“Look, I’m letting you come with me, but what I gotta do . . . I gotta do alone.”
“An instrument of undocumented origin has alerted me to . . . something. I have no idea what. Would either of you know anything about that?”
and then I was so stupid and I marked you, and they
“Dean, I—” he began, then leapt back at the knock on the door.
Dean swallowed, and Cas could track the movement of his muscles until they disappeared beneath the thick scarf. “He owns me now,” Dean breathed. Cas nodded.
Castiel’s finger hovered over the “edit” button as he stared at the notification. Perhaps this was a sign? Someone was interested enough to send a message, which, given the tone of the whole thing, was immensely flattering. He moved his thumb over the notification, hesitating, before he finally took a deep breath and tapped it.
big of a scene.
Castiel considers him. “Apology accepted.” Dean laughs.
“You still handing those things out?”
Cas’s narrow eyes became a squint. “
Hannah pursed her lips, but nodded. “I’ll go get him, Alpha. I’ll take him home and make sure he’s safe.”
Jack hadn’t been willing to listen to Castiel again after they’d cleared the bodies. Dean had let Jack heal him, but only just. It wasn’t until Castiel faltered when Dean looked to him first that he allowed Jack to press fingers to his forehead and heal the gash (and the moderate concussion). With archangel grace, Jack was even more solidly immortal now than he had been this afternoon. He wouldn’t let Rowena examine him, either, insisting that he felt completely normal and that they shouldn’t worry.
“You said we weren’t being followed.”
The evening carried on with more soft music and a few speeches from the company’s leadership. He couldn’t help but notice Dean fidgeting a little more than usual. He placed a soothing hand on his shoulder, and it seemed to help. As the night wore on, Dean gradually started losing parts of his outfit; first, the bowtie came off and he unbuttoned the top button of his shirt.
“So, tired of our hospitality already?” Adler asked. Castiel shrugged.
“Welcome, to historic Vinehall School!”
“D-dunno,” Cas panted. “Never—never had—”
Cas knew he wasn’t like typical guys his age. He’d never really been interested in sex, or physically attracted to anyone in a sexual manner. Not until Dean. Dean made him feel things that he hadn’t thought his body was equipped for. And Dean was his best friend, who made Cas feel included and . . . and whose girlfriend Cas had been incredibly jealous of.
Dean’s mouth is suddenly dry. “You . . . what? You’re sure?” Cas nods.
“No, thank you,” Castiel says. Rowena shrugs, shuffling over to the kitchen table. She’s wearing pajamas made of shiny floral material and soft-looking slippers on her feet. When she sits down, she wraps a blanket around her shoulders. After a moment, she looks up at him from her teacup.
“You’re under arrest for illegally employing an omega and helping said omega mask their presentation.”
Dean’s grip was getting slippery on the watch case. He held it carefully, still trying to keep his hands under control.
As Gabriel shut the door behind him, Dean dashed over to lock the deadbolt behind him. Flashes of jerking off to images of a blue-eyed dream alpha during his last heat came to him. And now, with the scent of Cas deep in his nostrils, knowing the alpha was somewhere in the house . . .
“You can do your research from anywhere, just send your shit in to Naomi and she can bleed red ink on it and send it right back. You don’t have to actually be in Berkeley to graduate.”
“Dude, what is your problem?” Kevin demanded.
“For fun, Samuel,” Dean says, just to annoy him. “Now, get the hell out of here, or I’m gonna be late.”
Castiel growls in frustration. “This self-sacrificing streak of yours is ridiculous. Do you think your life is worth so little that you would throw it away? You don’t have to do everything on your own!”
“What the hell was that about?” demanded Kevin once they were back in the car headed toward the school. Dean shook his head.
. “Oh.”
Shit, a heat. Dean hadn’t thought about that. It took some time for suppressants to work their way completely out of the system, but he would most likely be getting a heat soon. His last shot was nearly three months ago, so it couldn’t be more than a couple of weeks until the burning, needy agony wracked his body again.
“Good evening, gentlemen.”
“And do you have any hopes for that future?”
A silence begins as Castiel picks up his own menu, then stretches into long minutes. Dean keeps flicking glances up at his dining companion, but Castiel is absorbed and doesn’t break his concentration once. He’s intense. Dean has to stop himself from wondering what it might be like to have that intensity turned on him.
“Seriously, dude, you’re like, a fuckin’ L.A. ten, and if you don’t realize you’re hot with your just-fucked hair and that goddamn jawline and those
Even though, strictly speaking, they had a right to be.
A bit of snow falls on the third day after the Winchesters leave, so Cas spends the afternoon sweeping snow from the steps outside of the Bunker’s front door. As the calendar flips closer to the end of the year, the chill of a prairie winter steals into Lebanon and Cas bundles up in the flannels and thick canvas jackets favored by hunters. Still, it doesn’t do much to make him feel like one.
“Got a location,” Bobby says simply. Dean shrugs Castiel’s hand from his shoulder and pushes forward.
Cas took one of the bottles from Dean and placed it on his bedside table while Dean busied himself with setting up the video. Cas went ahead and took off his jeans, which were a little damp on the hems from the snow, and settled into his bed under the covers in his t-shirt and boxers. Dean was already dressed in sweatpants and his own t-shirt, so he simply slid into bed after turning the overhead light out and queueing up the DVD.
“I know. Charlie called, said she needed to come and do some research, so I figured she could watch him. She’s bringing Rowena with her, so if he needs anything they can take care of it.”
Dean’s eyes grow hard. “What did you see?”
Dean scuffs his toe in the dirt. “Yeah, I, uh, wanted to apologize. For dinner. That was really shitty of me.”
“You’re welcome,” Cas said. “I’m sure it’s nice to get away every once in a while.”
“I’m so sorry,” Dean begins one day, holding Cas’s hand. “I shouldn’t have . . . I shouldn’t have left you here. If you’d come with me, then maybe . . . maybe he wouldn’t have been able to take control. Maybe we could’ve saved all those people. People that died because of me. I had to watch him use me, Cas. Sometimes he locked me away, but it was always wrong. You want to know the thing he got wrong most of all? Your scent. It’s probably ‘cause I’m too stupid to have it stored away right or something. Memory’s wrong or whatever.
Cas stomped the last vestiges of snow from his shoes before unlocking the door to his room. He wasn’t surprised to see Dean sitting at his desk, sorting through its contents with an intense focus. Cas moved to his own side of the room and deposited his book bag beside his own desk before removing his outer layers of clothing. He jumped when Dean slammed something heavy into the garbage can and cried out “Shit!” before muttering to himself.
Castiel stood and grasped Zachariah’s hand firmly. It was clammy. “Nice to meet you, sir,” he said, voice rougher than usual from the time spent in silence waiting for the meeting. “This is Hannah Johnson, my research assistant.”
“Look, stop smelling like a goddamn funeral. You two made this bed, now you gotta reap it. I know this sucks, but stow it! I’m risking my ass to cover both of yours, so get it together and suck. It. Up. Behave like grown ups!”
It turns out that Castiel is
If it didn’t end tomorrow, surely someone would come to check on him?
“I know,” Castiel answered, resting his forehead against the door. “Are you . . . are you all right?” he asked. A dark chuckle answered.
“It’s a cylindrical tube within a glass bell jar. There was a red rod in the center, but that appears to have broken and there’s a sort of red smoke swirling inside.”
“That is significantly less reliable with text than images.”
Dean finished drying now, maybe with a little more force than strictly necessary. He threw on a new pair of boxers and crossed the hall to his bedroom.
He went into the bathroom, closed the door behind him, then slowly approached the tub. There the test sat, innocuous and plastic, its little window obscured by its own edge, until Dean leaned closer and his heart stopped.
Inside a handsome box was an embroidered handkerchief, a monogram, with a large “M” in the middle with a smaller “M” and a “D” flanking it on either side. A traditional first courting gift from an alpha to his omega. Dean struggled to breathe.
“You didn’t have to—”
“Dean, why are you at Vinehall?”
“I know.”
“You’re fuckin’ gorgeous, Cas, anybody ever tell you that?” Dean whispered, nudging Castiel’s jaw so that he exposed the soft, tender skin of his throat. Castiel gasped as Dean pressed tiny, fluttering kisses into the pulse point there. Castiel ached with the need to touch.
“I love you, too, little alpha,” Dean said, swallowing thickly.
That hadn’t been possible once Dean presented. It was too dangerous to cart a fourteen-year-old brand-new omega from strange town to strange town, so John had dumped Dean at Bobby’s and took off. Dean didn’t see Sam for a year, but he’d been plenty distracted. He’d spent the year with Bobby trying to find the right doctors willing to sell them suppressants under the table. One day, a few months after John had left and after Dean’s second, agonizing heat, Bobby had plopped a bag down on the table in front of him.
“Oh, fuck,
and unable to scent any changes in emotion in his natural scent.
“Cas?” Dean croaks, squinting at him through the haze.
“Uh, yeah. Well, for both of us. Just thought . . . might be kinda nice to have Grandma Deanna’s cocoa.”
“Mmm, fuck, baby. Come in me.”
Cas cleared his throat, shuffling his papers. “So, were there ever any close calls? Anyone who might take issue with an omega mechanic?”
“I know,” Cas accedes. “But I think, perhaps, I might be able to take part of your burden.”
“Shame,” Dean murmured. Dean’s arms slipped from around him and he crossed the room to turn on the lamps. They washed the room in a golden glow, which just made Dean even more attractive.
“Hannah,” Cas said levelly, and Hannah took a deep breath of relief at the tone. “I-I need to . . . Dean isn’t . . .”
Cas dipped his head in her direction. “You’re very welcome.”
“Okay . . .” ventured Dean. “So, what don’t I know?”
“I think it’s lovely, Dean,” he said, reaching for Dean’s hand. Dean ran the other one through his hair, avoiding Cas’s eyes. “It’s perfect.”
“Very eloquent, alpha.” Cas jumped, nearly dropping the stack of flyers in his hands.
Dean took a piece of crumpled paper out of his pocket, clutched tightly in his fist. His face was determined. “Sammy found it. He found the words. All I gotta do is say them, and you’re free.”
Dean watched Charlie and Kevin’s gazes turn immediately to the base of his neck, noting the glaring absence of a bite. He shifted uncomfortably.
Castiel feels warm down to his core to hear that, wrapping his arms around Dean as he settles over the top of him. They kiss until Castiel’s lips are numb and his cock is nudging against Dean’s hip. Dean shifts, moving his hands to pin Castiel’s wrists to the bed, and Castiel moans at the friction. Dean pulls back and lifts an eyebrow, slowly grinding his hips against Castiel’s. Castiel bites his lip, flexing his fingers within Dean’s grasp, a long, high-pitched whine easing from him as Dean rocks.
“Fine,” Cas says, crossing his arms. Dean takes in a deep breath.
“And I told you this was a favor for my boss! You couldn’t have just gone with it? Did you have to go all out to be a complete asshole?”
“Thank you for your confidence,” Dean croaks. Sam shudders a kind of laugh-sob that Dean tries not to think too hard about.
Dean stared at Cas’s hand in his for a long moment, his mate’s long, nimble fingers entwined in his. They
Dean bites his tongue quickly as Castiel full-on head-tilts at him, looking down at the menu for something to do. “So, what’s good here?”
“No, Castiel, please, it was all my fault. It’s these shoes.”
Castiel brushed his hands over his thighs, smoothing non-existent wrinkles from the fabric. He tried to breathe evenly, keeping his scent neutral to not betray his nerves. He was starting to wish he’d used blockers, but all of his advisors had advised against it. It was unwise to meet another alpha without being able to scent each other. Typical alpha power play. Beside him, Hannah was a calming presence. Her beta scent was naturally even, as light as the air on a bright spring day. He chanced a glance up at her and she was smiling benignly at him. He attempted to return it grimly. The large, ornate clock on the wall showed that their designated meeting time had passed nearly half an hour ago. How long would they have to wait?
“Okay, little brother. We’re gonna get you to your room. Is that all right?”
Dean huffed a laugh, looking sheepishly at his plate. “Yeah, well, it was recommended by Dr. Milton, so . . .”
He has Dean shuffle and deal, trading in cards and laying out the three cards that they’re supposed to play their hands off of. Castiel follows along as best he can, but he ends up folding in the first round just to be safe. When Sam and Dean face off, Dean wins with a straight, so Sam loses his sock.
“You would not believe the looks I’m getting in this town. You would think they’d never seen a beta female before,” Hannah said as she pushed through the door, brown paper bags in hand. “I have lunch.”
“It’s a serious question. How long have you considered me a friend?”
“What, am I wrong?”
He’s rushing through the trees for nearly twenty minutes before he realizes that he has no idea where he’s going. “Shit,” he curses, making himself stop. He can cast some kind of tracking spell, either on Dean or on the location, but it’s going to take some concentration and he has to calm down first in order to do it.
He doesn’t deserve his wise little brother, that’s for sure. “Yeah, whatever,” he says, letting his head fall back against the glass door behind him. “Maybe I can still fuck up the final part of the exam and get out of this.” He stifles a huge yawn.
Henriksen chuckled. “Beg pardon, m’dear. Allow me to introduce Lord Milton, recently arrived in London. Lord Milton, this is Lady Daphne Allen, of Derbyshire.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” Castiel said, glad his voice held firm. His brother had been the one to receive all the courtly training while he’d been out riding across the estate, but Dean’s presence by his side lent him strength.
His mind in turmoil, he left the sunken wreck behind him and headed for home.
“Patience, sweetheart,” he mumbles against Castiel’s skin, rubbing his own face against Cas’ stubble. “You’re crazy fucking tight. Have you ever had…anything else…?”
He steps back, out of the RV. The room disappears. All he can see through the door is dark shadows, perhaps outlines of cabinets. He looks around—he’s definitely back in the forest, and perfectly alone. He shakes his head, not believing his eyes.
“How can you take their snooty education and dirty, classist magic and try to support us at the same time?” the guy asks point-blank.
“I meant what I said earlier,” Castiel says firmly. “You mean a lot to me, Dean. And I would hate to make you feel anything less than—”
He moves over to the table, nearly dropping his plate when Balthazar greets him with a heavy slap on the back. Castiel smiles weakly at the Magical History professor. They'd met a few years ago in Oxford, when Balthazar was visiting his alma mater. Castiel had found him intimidating then as a student, and as a colleague, his opinion hasn't changed much.
Castiel looked down at Dean’s hands, rubbing them to reassure him that it was okay to release the conch, then once it was in Gabriel’s hands he swam back to Triton to deliver it.
Sam’s smile was warm, his huff of resigned laughter familiar and much missed. “There is that. Speaking of his fussing, you got three cards while you were out prancing over the fields.”
Dean takes a step back again, every part of him tense. His magic stirs in his chest as the demon approaches him, leaning in close to one side of his face without touching him, and inhaling deeply.
*laughs maniacally*
Castiel can’t help his grin at Dean’s reaction. “Well, the council didn’t think it was quite so funny.”
Sam nods, looking more enthusiastic now. “And I can keep researching to find out more about the history of the Seal. D’you think we could get another look at that book, Cas?”
He can’t tell if it’s him screaming, or one of the others, but eventually the light seems to burn itself out. He opens his eyes in time to see Dean slump to the floor, and he sends out a faint,
He shivered as he struggled to get up and stumble into the kitchen, feeling his way across the room and through the door, his limbs heavy and his nose now snuffly and blocked.
Castiel 8:12 AM <<
Thanks for reading this week's chapter. What would your seasonal drinks taste like?
As Castiel flailed and seized, suspended above the flames, Dean frantically scrambled and reached for the book where it had fallen. The pages sped by in a blur as he frantically turned them, searching for the unfinished exorcism.
The mask is hot against his face, but he can’t take it off or he might mess up his hair. Which, sue him, is absolutely a douchebag thought, but he needs it to look good.
He called out as he walked closer, “You weren’t worried, were you?”
He's been working up to this for years—the high hopes of his family weighing heavily on his shoulders. That's why the outcome of this summoning ritual can only go one way.
Castiel does a quick casting motion with his forefingers and thumbs, and the map has switched to a detailed map of the city. The stream of ashes move again, wandering away from Stanford, to Dean’s dissatisfaction. He’d been hoping there was a copy hidden behind that big red door, in the rooms leading up to the Seal. He still thinks it might be worth exploring though, just in case the Seal’s protective charms are strong enough to block their locator spell.
“Where is everybody?” Anael asks curiously.
Dean has followed him along the wall, and eyes the wooden structure within a gap in the stone wall.
Dean tears his gaze away from his brother when the guy says, “Stay here with him. I’m just going to get my medical supplies.”
“How do you…” He looks at Dean’s face with reverence, his pupils blown wide. “You’ve done this before—can you tell me what to do? I’ve looked it up, of course, but theoretical knowledge and firsthand experience are two very different things.”
Castiel raises one eyebrow in a questioning way, and oh... If he keeps doing that, Dean’s gonna be on board with whatever the demon wants to do. He shuffles down Dean’s legs, then grips Dean under his knees and pulls him down the bed, pulling a surprised gasp from Dean. His dick is tenting his boxers now, and Castiel homes in on it, pulling it free from the fabric and pumping it a few times, his sharp, black fingernails gleaming wickedly as they move up and down.
Dean throws back the last of his coffee, wondering once again what she sees in the scrawny blond kid. Six-year-olds are such whirlwinds—he can barely keep up with Claire and her friends and what they get up to. “All right, kid, drink up. It's time for school.”
"That look like a forest to you?" Dean asks, trying to pull Sam along faster. If there are trees there, that means water, and their bottles had run dry a few hours ago.
“Huh,” Dean mumbles noncommittally, trying to decide if Sam’s embarrassment is real or just an excuse.
Dean places the re-sheathed knife and strap on the ground beside him, then takes the bowl and the spoon beside it, marveling at the spicy smell. "Thanks. What's in that?" he adds, eyeing the teapot.
TCBaby: Totally. This is an explicit story after all, and everyone knows I LOVE some good smut, so…time for some dick?
“—ew, Dean, I told you we didn’t need to hear the details!” Charlie interrupts him, covering her ears.
"Oh, right," Dean says, looking down and grimacing. "Sorry, haven't quite got the hang of… I'll just…"
Dean leans back against the edge of his desk, glad Pam is in class right now. "You okay, dude?”
Castiel steps forward and wraps Dean in his arms, pressing his lips to Dean’s. Their kiss is sweet and warm, and with the gentle falling lights of the Christmas tree all around them, Castiel feels like he might have found heaven. Could he just stay here for the rest of the afternoon?
Castiel nods, thinking it through. Another memory surfaces of someone asking for the book relating to the history of the Seal—Anna. Castiel wouldn’t be surprised at all to hear that she’s involved in whatever this is as well. But driven as she is, he’s fairly sure kidnapping, torture and murder would never be in her playbook.
“Yes, we all did. He’s Alfie Johnston. Well, Alfred. A younger Lettersman. He was well liked around here.” Sadness passed across his face again, and he frowned. “There’s nothing in his pockets, I already checked.”
Winchester blinked at him in surprise. “Well, yes. Bobby would have it.”
Swiftly, Dean forcibly cleared his throat and jerked his eyes upward. “Yes?”
“How curious!” Alfie said, eying the row of books already on the shelf.
Despite his having been in London for several months now, he had not introduced his sister to Dean. She knew of his preferences in the way of romantic partners, but she’d also told him she knew of Dean’s reputation among the women of London society. Castiel had kept carefully quiet about his damnable yearning towards his partner—he didn’t need Anna teasing him on top of trying to keep his own longing at bay.
“So prepared,” Dean says, smirking.
Dean lifts a hand and puts it on Castiel's chest, pushing him back a few steps until the back of his knees hit one of the dining chairs. He sits down on the sideways-facing chair and looks up at Dean, who has just turned around again and now looking back over his shoulder at Castiel. Slowly, he puts his hands on his hips and slides his pants down over the curve of his ass.
They both sat comfortably on the soft chairs, set close enough together that Castiel’s knee brushed Dean’s as they sat. He snatched his leg away, acutely aware of the impropriety.
“Thing is, I don’t want you to,” Dean answers, not even trying to be flirty—just being honest. Castiel chuckles, evidently enjoying Dean’s answer. “Can I tell you something?”
“Yeah, I meant…” He trails off, wavering and uncertain, until Castiel’s eyes widen. “Y’know.
The dour lady next to the featherless one took a cake right away, taking an enormous bite. Castiel had just begun pouring into her cup when she spoke out loudly, her mouth still full.
A whistle and catcall from a couple of passing students make Dean groan softly, pulling back and putting his forehead on Castiel’s. “You sure we don’t have a few minutes for you to blow me in the janitor’s closet right now?”
Anna chuckles and she turns to walk away through the trees, and Castiel and Dean follow. Dean snakes his arm around Castiel’s back, and Castiel leans into him.
He speaks up, “Excuse me, you two? I’m afraid you can’t hang around in here. Could you come out here please?”
Castiel hesitates, not sure what to say. He needs to tell Dean about the lay magicians, and Crowley’s classes. There’s no way out of this, especially if Ruby is involved—this is the proof Dean wanted to get Sam away from her. But it’s going to take more explaining than they have time for right now.
The sight that met him as he reached the door made his breath catch in his throat again, setting off a coughing fit that made him double over in pain. When he straightened up again, Alfie was there, patting his back awkwardly.
Jesus, Cas had stroked him up so hard and wet and wonderful, just to leave him with a raging boner and a desperate need to get fucked.
Dean grinned and pulled him close, glad to feel that his constant trembling seemed gone. “Well, you’re no longer as white as the sheets, so that is more than enough for me.”
TCB: Oh, definitely not. Things are really gearing up now. The plot is about to reach a tipping point, and we can’t wait to see all dominos that are about to fall.
and Dean’s rapidly darkening vision became a flurry of movement as he was tossed through the air. His limbs flailed like a worn ragdoll, arms and legs hanging on by mere fabric as he was discarded, playtime over.
“Exactly. We’ll be practicing a standard spell, one you’ve already mastered individually, but it’s made much stronger when two mages cast together.” He pulls a mason jar of marbles from his bag, clinking them around appreciatively. “We’ll start out small. Let’s try not to put anyone’s eye out with flying marbles, okay?”
The fourth surge is during the night, early on Monday morning. Cas wakes with a jolt to find the room illuminated in blue-white, and a black cat on his chest.
“No, listen. You’re not the only one who considers Sam family now,” Castiel says firmly. “I would die for him—I nearly did. And I care about Bobby and Ellen and Charlie, too. I don’t want to leave right now either.”
Dean nearly dropped the crystal from his hand along with his jaw. Cas thought their time together tonight was just another meaningless fling? The confusion he'd been carrying with him for the last few hours evaporated into the firelit air.
There goes that jolt of excitement right through him again. He’s aware that he’s staring at Dean without answering, but he’s not sure at this point whether Dean is actually hitting on him, or trying to kidnap his daughter.
Castiel can barely breathe as Dean opens his fist to let something dangle from a leather cord. It's a metal pendant, maybe bronze, a horned head of some kind. As Castiel takes it in his palm, Dean says, "I found the attunement spell in one of your books, actually. The one you'd scribbled in?"
“Dean,” she murmurs, speaking quietly in his ear. “He said earlier there was another option. Just text me, okay?”
They’re both silent, fuming and staring and standing much too close, and it’s Castiel who pulls back first.
His eyes were devoid of any glimmer of sense, his mind as blank as fresh paint behind his dull, brown pupils. He foamed at the mouth, his tongue lolling, and overall, he exuded a sense of foreboding…and panic, and pain. His skin grey and mottled, he looked very far from someone who should be upright and moving.
"Aha!" Castiel grabs a slim volume from the shelf and takes it over to the desk, placing it in Dean's hands.
Charlie pouts at him. “Aw, you really liked him, didn’t you?”
He chases Cas’ lips again, and Cas melts into him.
“Jesus, you’re hot.” Dean strokes himself again, clumsily since his dominant hand is buried in Cas’ hole, but it’s enough to make his self-control evaporate into thin air. He pulls his fingers out, Castiel shifting on the mattress and looking disappointed by the loss of stimulation…but once Dean begins to lube up his cock it’s a whole different story. He stares right into Cas’ eyes as his cockhead circles his rim, still not believing that something that tight will be able to fit him, and Castiel’s eyelashes flutter as the head breaches him.
Upstairs again, Dean pulled a pair of long black trousers from the closet, but when he turned around, Cas was standing in front of a photograph hanging on the wall. It had been a while since Dean had even been inside this room, so he’d forgotten the photo of him and his mom was even in here. He walked over, lifting one hand to point to the photo, and then himself. “That’s me, and that’s my dad—” He shifted his fingers to lightly brush the photo. “—and my mom.” Dean was probably four years old in the picture, and his mom was pregnant with Sam. And she was quite clearly wearing the same skirt that Cas had on right now.
Castiel took a step back from the fire, his heart aching more as the distance increased. There had to be something he could do that wouldn’t mean killing him!
. Dean read privately in his study (which was more of a library, really, given that Sam did all the household management that Dean would have needed a study for), or in quiet, hidden corners where no one could find him, at odd hours of the night when sleep wouldn’t come. Reading was a solitary escape, not a public pastime, especially given Dean’s propensity for progressive literary analysis.
“Thanks,” Dean says, scratching the back of his neck. He’s not great at taking compliments, but truth is, he has kinda nailed it today. They’ve knocked on five doors, talked to four new lay magicians teenagers (the fifth wasn’t home), and they were all receptive to the support system Dean and Anael offered them through the resistance. Sammy knows how to get someone to open up, but Dean’s good at leveling with people—telling them how it is, but in a way that makes them feel less alone. At least, that’s what Cas told him offhandedly one night in bed. When Dean asked him where he got an idea like this, Castiel had replied, “Well, because you’ve always made me feel less alone.”
The library, however, is not quiet. A whining, more a high-pitched sensation than a sound, makes Castiel wince. He hears raised voices somewhere beyond the stacks on the far side of the expansive room. Normally, Castiel loves this space. He’d been awed by the tall, floor-to-ceiling bookshelves the first time he’d visited, filled with every kind of magical and non-magical book, collections of journals, grimoires and cursed spellbooks.
But Castiel isn’t interested in what she’s up to anymore. He takes his cock in a firm fist, stroking along the length with a regular rhythm. Imagines Dean on his knees before him. Dean’s face, that gorgeous mouth wrapped around his cock, taking it all in. Dean’s green eyes gazing up at Castiel through long lashes, dark with lust. He pulls back until only the head is between his lips, then he gives Cas that cocky half-grin, his eyes sparkling.
Dean shook his head. “He repeats words that I’ve said, but it’s weird...it’s like…” He trailed off, not sure what he was trying to say.
It would not do anyone any good for him to be seen going to Castiel’s bedchamber. While Dean was sure that certain of their family, friends, and colleagues—like Sam, or Bobby, or Balthazar—wouldn’t give two hoots about whose bed Dean’s boots rested under, the majority of society surely would.
A quick note for those who are not fans of Megstiel: While Cas had a past romance with Meg, she broke his heart. In this chapter, she's keen to rekindle things in a casual way, but Cas is only thinking of one person (and it's not her). If you really don't like Megstiel, feel free to skip Cas' POV in this chapter. It's just this one time, and very brief.
Dean’s hand lingers on Castiel’s shoulder as he looks into Castiel’s eyes, squinting slightly against the bright sunlight in the illusion. “You sure about that?”
He plants kisses down Cas’ spine, kneading the muscles down each side with firm fingers, and when he reaches the dip of Cas’ back, he runs light fingertips all the way over the swell of his ass, delighting in the shudder this pulls out of Cas.
He sputters and coughs, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand as Lisa looks at him in amusement. “Uh…”
They both bowed deeply, as the crowd murmured curiously around them.
Sam nods. "She found me about a year ago, now. Scared the hell outta me while I was busy trying not to set everything on fire and a big owl flew right into the middle of it." He smiles fondly.
Dean huffed. "So what, you’re just gonna burn yourself out trying to stop this tidal wave? Then what? What happens when your grace is gone, you wanna be human again?"
He'd shown Cas the wardrobe full of clothes last night, and told him to take whatever he liked out of there to wear. It was mostly old clothes of Sam's, but Dean had no idea there were some old clothes of his
Castiel didn’t want to know about the dawn, though. He wanted to stay here, wrapped up in bed with Dean, forever.
“Good, good. I just wanted to catch up on last night’s date with the mysterious Dean.” She slows the word
Dean grins, delighted. “You were thinking of me, huh?”
Dean looks down at the amulet, still cradled in Castiel’s palm. “I didn’t get to finish casting the first spell. Should we try again?”
"I dunno, Cas, it might be good for you," Charlie says with a shrug.
Cas glances back towards where his car is parked, the cooling metal ticking in the quiet night air. Too late to turn back now. He clutches the flashlight tighter, hoping it’ll work as a weapon in case Dean is really planning to murder him.
Castiel closed his eyes against the memories, but they were burned into the back of his eyes and deeper, into his very soul.
, Padraic Leahy's ship, ferrying passengers down the coast to Grandport and beyond.
It’s fixed.
All the times he'd rowed up and down this stretch of river, taken Sam when they were kids, and later one or two of the local girls to see the fireflies, he'd never seen those fireflies fly out over the water like that, circling the boat, nor had he seen anything in the water as big as whatever was there today. All he'd seen was a scaly tail before whatever it was disappeared out of sight, but it had been big enough to be a… No, surely it couldn't have been his merman, this far up the river? And they'd been knocked over, he was sure of it. Just as Cas had kissed him.
“Ooh,” she teases lightly. “Mysterious.”
“You ever miss Crowley?” Sam asks, out of the blue.
Castiel’s forehead crinkles with confusion. “What mirror?”
tails are touching and I need to look away.”
Cas stands up abruptly. He needs to get away from these people. Speaking quietly and trying not to seem too hostile, he says through gritted teeth, “I'm sorry, but I don’t want to be your next leader. I don’t want to be a witch, and I certainly don’t need a familiar—” He gestures towards Dean without looking at him. “—or a roommate. I just want to go home, alone, and sleep until I wake up from this hallucination.”
“I’ll go back to the magic shop,” Bobby suggests.
didn’t change that Cas must have taken it from the house at some point in the last twenty-four hours. Dean didn’t want to believe that Cas had stolen it, but how else would he have got it without fishing it out of the ocean itself?
Something shifts in his room, and suddenly he’s wide awake. He turns his head with a jerk.
Castiel lips are slightly chapped and Dean can hardly see him thanks to the pitch black darkness, but he gives zero fucks because Cas…Cas is an amazing kisser. It had happened so suddenly—one moment they had been arguing, Dean’s heart racing, his adrenaline up thanks to the proximity of the well. The next moment, their lips were touching and Castiel’s hands were every-fucking-where, on his neck and his back, their bodies pressed and flushed.
He's about to say something to that effect when Dean's phone buzzes loudly in his pocket.
More lightning crashed down into the water this time, and in the momentary brightness he saw Benny dragging Garth’s limp form, and shouting something across the deck. Dean squinted into the rain to try to make it out.
She looks up, surprised but already smiling. “Sounds fun,” she says sweetly. “Glad to see your schedule opened up.”
But Cas stopped, his hips jerking forward into Dean’s throat with a start. He was looking up and around, a desperate kind of panic on his face.
Castiel turned away from him, hunching on the sand and covering his face with his hands. “Just leave me alone.”
“Dad’s gonna kill me,” he says quietly, dreading the thought of going back inside.
“Well, I wanted to get my strength up before you arrived,” Castiel said, just slightly too seriously for Dean to take him so.
Charlie peered at the group, making a slight pout when she made them out. “Lady Antonia Bevell. The Bevells own an estate near Northampton, but they’re staying in town for a few weeks to try to bring their fair daughter into the orbit of a certain Winchester.”
He pressed the knife into the skin under Dean’s jaw. “Get out of him,” he growled.
Dean steps out onto the concrete in front of the door, heading for a dark patch on the other side of the dumpster. “Get outta here,” he says, disgust in his voice.
Cas swats at him, saying, “You should have gone!”
A memory rose in Dean’s mind, one that he’d been trying not to recall as one of the last times Dean had spent time with Cas. They hadn’t parted on the best of terms, and the memory had returned to haunt him over the years with a lingering guilt.
“What’s a bad idea?” Cas asks from the doorway. “Dean, would you mind…?”
Bobby flicked a questioning look at him. “Cat got your tongue? Spit it out, boy.”
"I'll see you tomorrow. Have fun tonight."
“It’s been less than two weeks,” Castiel said. “Give a man a chance.”
“We have a Stanford representative as well,” the Captain says airily, eyes flickering to Dean. “Are these your ‘people on the inside’? Because I have to say, one adjunct professor and two underclassmen does not an army make.”
“But—” Dean exhales, looking around the living room again, the dining room in his peripheral vision. “We’re in my house. My old house in Lawrence.”
Dean shrugs one shoulder. “Yeah, I need to go to Bobby’s to pick up my stuff. I’ll be back tomorrow—it’s only five hours or so from Sioux Falls.”
"Not a stranger—you met him last night."
“To gank—to kill. To send back into their infernal pit, or whatever. What, you thought those critters that got out of the gate the other night would just disappear?”
“Dean, a connection like this couldn’t…shouldn’t…” Castiel’s breath is labored but he doesn’t remove his hand, the exchange of magical sensation making Dean’s skin tingle through the fabric of his flannel.
Dean nods as he swallows his mouthful. He shifts on his stool, glad to be out of his leather and mail, but blinking in the flashing disco lights. How did Charlie find this dive? “I did, yeah. Lotta nice people there.”
But Castiel speaks again. "You're both welcome here. I have plenty of food—you saw my gardens. You're welcome to stay as long as you need to."
” He gave a suggestive eyebrow waggle. “At least that we talk of in polite circles.”
—has a clandestine meeting here later today. One she never expected to land, and one that granted her access through the protective wards.
And with a sickening shout and a muffled scream, the Croats pounce on Azazel and tear him to shreds.
That’s what the Captain had said, and it sticks out in Dean’s mind like the resounding of a bell. But that means that there
Dean replies.
He hasn't even allowed himself to think about it until now, but this afternoon, for a fraction of a second, when he and Dean were toe to toe, eyes blazing and electricity fizzing across Dean's skin…Castiel had been very close to closing the distance and kissing him.
The mood shifts instantly—Anael frowning at the word “boyfriend,” Layla smiling broadly at the promise of renewed efforts. Dean would love to bring Cas here one day to try and heal this woman properly—even though Cas isn’t a healer, per se, their affinity is a force to be reckoned with.
“On who?” Gabriel grins wickedly, evidently not caring about the reason. Dean lowers his voice to an excited whispers, tells them his plan, and within five minutes, he’s watching them maneuver around the party, indirectly bringing Anna and Anael side-by-side. Castiel had been a little shocked to learn that their relationship had developed into more than friendship—at least on Anael’s side—but Gabriel had just nodded knowingly and gotten to work. The brothers circled them, casting the spell down by their thighs stealthily, and once the spell was cast…
next?"
sit with me for breakfast.” Balthazar gestured to one of the tables set up in the room, already laden with fruit and cakes for the many guests.
,” Castiel breathes reverently, as Dean licks at the head of his cock. Dean holds it at the base, letting it rub against his lips in a teasing fashion, while Castiel reaches over and parts his asscheeks. Dean’s heart pounds in his ear when both fingers breach him, tighter and quicker than usual, though there’s practically no burning at all. Dean suspects Cas is using some sort of magic to prep him more easily, and Dean is very much on-board with this plan. He takes a deep breath when Castiel adds a third finger, then gulps Castiel’s cock down in one fluid motion, breathing through his nose as he takes Cas deeper.
Winchester gave Castiel the barest glance as he said, "I'll see you here at eight," and hurried through the door.
“Meg?” Dean asks, incredulous. Who the fuck names their goat? And such a people-sounding name, too?
Dean’s relieved for him. Some people he’d known in Lawrence had taken their own lives when they had realized they’d been infected. Others…had to be dealt with after they’d already turned. Dean himself had shot his own neighbour when he’d lurched out at him at the front of his apartment, and the horrors of that day have long been overshadowed by the countless others he’s dealt with since.
Naomi’s voice was hard. “Gabriel, tell me. I can make things very difficult for both of you, starting with that little job you’ve been working towards? The position in Farraigea?”
“What?” Dean says, incredulous. He walks across the room until he can perch on the end of Jack’s bed. “No, of course not.”
Dean was murmuring above him, “I’m sorry, Cas. I should never have left you alone after a day like this. All’s well, you’re not there anymore. We’re safe here.”
“Uh, well…” Dean chuckles, throwing an embarrassed glance at Cas. He begins saying, “I’m sure Jack and his dad have other—” at the same time as Jack lets out an excited “Yeah!”
Any reply Castiel might have made dried up in his throat, as walking towards them across the grass, was Dean, alone. He was smiling, and with the sunlight in his hair, he was radiant. Castiel only realised he’d gasped when Charlie squeezed his arm firmly.
“He doesn’t speak English,” Dean said, getting to his feet and picking up the empty plates. “He’s gonna stay in the spare room for the night, until we can get a doctor to take a look at his feet tomorrow.”
Castiel was nodding alongside him. “A diversion, then, as soon as we get to the other side of the room. Mister Winchester and I will surround ourselves with the oil, and begin the prayer.”
He shuts the fridge door with a definite thud, looking at Gabriel’s impatient expression. “Fuck, Cas wasn’t kidding, was he? You two really don’t talk.”
He types his reply as he’s wandering into his bedroom, then throws the phone on his bed. The light in the room is dim—he hadn’t bothered opening the navy curtains this morning as it was still dark when he’d dragged himself out of bed. Not to mention the fact, of course, that he’d ducked straight into the bathroom—he’d woken up with one of the hardest morning boners he’d had since he was sixteen after a particularly vivid dream, where he’d sucked Dean’s gorgeous cock in this very room.
When Castiel just raises his eyebrow and doesn't move towards them, she says, "Come ooon, Cas, do me a favor. I need a guinea pig so I can get the recipes right. Might take your mind off your dumb boyfriend for a few minutes."
“Yes, for me," Crowley says, his grin still in place. "The lay folk have had their taste, now, and I must say, it's an excellent vintage—" he pauses, sending a flurry of white sparks up when he snaps his fingers, "—but to get to it, they're going to come through me."
Bodies have appeared, and fallen to the cream carpet around the room. There’s Sam, his brother, and Novak, their little redheaded mage friend, and Dr. Macleod. The Boss appears to be the only one conscious, groaning on the carpet, and the other redhead magician rushes forward to kneel next to the prone body of the Captain.
Dean doesn’t hold back, though. “There are plenty of people doing good with their lay magic out there, professor. Healers, artists… plenty of people not chosen for your precious school who get by just fine on their own.”
Opening day had been running so smoothly, Castiel thought, until Lady Hester Holmes and her friends had turned up.
Azazel straightens up and steps back, falling into the villain monologue like he’s born to it. “Oh no, it’s always been here, lurking. I just rediscovered it, altered it a little—a virus that affects the nervous system, makes people angry, violent. With a bit of tweaking, I was able to control them. People are already so suggestible, so easily swayed into panic and violence. All it took was a little encouragement, and a repelling signal to keep them away from me.” Azazel grins, his eyes feral behind his yellow glasses. "And now I am personally ensuring its spread.”
“The ship, the compass…what’s next?” Sam's eyes narrowed. “Maybe that charm you wear around your neck.”
At the gate, Sam turns to look at Dean and Cas, his face grim.
“Hey, Doctor Novak. What’s up?” Sam’s voice is strained, almost impatient, and the line crackles with static from magical interference.
Dean is unable to contain his curiosity. “So were you here when it all went down?”
“I’m sorry, Dean. What were you saying?” he grits out, swallowing heavily.
Singer continued, "According to his missus, Alfie hasn't been home these last few nights. Lud knows why she didn't report him as missing sooner, or we might have found him, but he hasn't been at home since he left for work last Monday morning."
Dean’s heart is thumping angrily in his chest. Did this big bag of dicks masquerading as a professor really just
“Can we just get on with this?” the Captain asks, her voice level, her face a perfectly emotionless mask. “Dean, Anael, come sit.”
“Uh, hey babe,” he calls out loudly, grinning a million-watt smile. “You’re gonna wanna come and see this.”
Meg says, “Me too. Is your chest bare?” At his “mm-hm” she continues, “Run your fingers down your chest, over a nipple. Go slowly. That’s me, touching you.”
Something rippled in the water underneath them again, and Castiel grabbed the side of the boat with one hand as he watched an unmistakable ripple shoot away from them along the shore, underwater. Gabriel.
He sinks down on the edge of the mattress, his head in his hands. If he can't protect the people he loves, then what’s the point of any of it? He might as well have died protecting the Fort with Bobby and Donna and the rest. Even the fact that Azazel is dead feels like a hollow victory when he considers the state of the farm, and how much he’s hurt Cas.
“Witches,” the man spits out, and he pushes his hand into Dean’s chest, hard. Dean flies backwards through the air, slamming into one of the parked cars with a clang.
motion. “It’s now or never.”
Perhaps Castiel’s God was real after all, because finally, after Dean prayed hard enough, it was all over. Castiel was covered in a light gauze and told to avoid wearing his waistcoat too tight across his front for several days. As he laced his shirt back up across his sternum, Dean cleared his throat, speaking for the first time in long minutes.
But even now, two weeks later, Dean can’t help but feel like Cas betrayed him. If he’d known in advance that the spell would banish all demons, or that it would cost him his life, he’d kept it all from Dean. While it hurts him to think Cas didn’t trust him enough to share it, he’s not sure he would have helped Cas the way he did if he’d known what would happen.
Something happened today that I feel I need to document.
Amelia continued, inching closer and holding out her hand. “Just give it to me now, and you won’t see us again.”
It was not to be. As Dean rose from his seat at the dining table, he saw Castiel exchange a few regretful-looking words with Balthazar and duck out of the room entirely, with a haste to his steps that Dean didn’t understand.
Castiel threw a surprised glance at Sam, who only looked intrigued. He got to his feet, only a little unsteady, thankfully. "Thank you, Miss Hannah."
That evening, Dean walks downstairs to find that Sam has been busy cleaning up inside the house. The living room looks almost back to normal, with the books on their shelves and the broken pieces of the clock and other keepsakes swept up and put aside. The kitchen also looks  tidier, and Dean fries up a few eggs to take back upstairs to Cas. The rest of the cleaning can wait until tomorrow.
Sam calls from inside the apartment, “Oh God, is this how it’s gonna be tonight? Because I can leave again if you two are gonna be gross the whole time.”
. “Here, put this on.”
Castiel was aware of Dean sitting forward on his chair, even as his own interest was piqued.
“What is it?” he asks, as Dean plants himself on the grass, the white box sitting between them.
Gabriel shrugged one shoulder as he flopped over, ready to dive back into the next wave. “Didn’t you see the glowing lights she was attacking you with? I tried to warn you she was there!”
“Friend of mine is graduating,” he tells Mick with a wave towards the milling students. God, had that sounded enough like her?
Dean frowns, looking at the pleasant young women with pale, pink lips.
Castiel turns to looks at Dean, wondering if their bond is extending to mind reading now. “I thought you’d seen enough of the memories?”
“Hey,” Dean said, interrupting, “I know. I knew she’d done something. You were right, though. I did break the
Charlie smiles as they all arrive, and Claire pulls Jack over to the counter to place her order. The café is deserted this close to closing time—in fact Charlie only agreed to hang around long enough for Dean to bring Claire back here for her milkshake, so he turns the sign on the door to "Closed" as he comes in.
to complete before reading it, today's update is the final chapter (😭). Make sure you go check it out, it's incredible (not to mention hot!) -Ellen
Castiel smiles. It might be nice to spend a bit of time with Dean outside of meetings, especially if they're going to start over. "Thanks, Dean. I'd like that."
Everything happens much too quickly after that: Dean and Castiel have a half-second to separate, smoothing over their clothes. Then the door is thrown open wide.
Dean tried to make sense of her words as Cas moved against his back. “You want Cas to fuck you first?”
“Car’s right around the corner.” Dean shivers, thinking he ought to spell his pockets like he used to do for Cas.
“Mrs. Hanscum,” he started apologetically, “we actually have an incident here that we have to—”
THE END
The hedges are impossibly tall, at least thirty feet, more lush and green than anything that grows in nature. Getting a birds’ eye view of it wouldn’t be impossible, but it
"Gabriel?" Cas pulled back out of Dean's mouth, scrambling off his chest and getting to his knees again beside Dean. "Do not come in here!" he called urgently, grabbing a linen underskirt of some kind and throwing it over Dean's face and top half. He bit his lip hard to stop himself from crying out as Meg continued to fuck him, her movements small but grinding. Damn it all, she must be so close to climax, and Dean was not far behind. She let out an audible gasp, and Dean heard a hand slap over her mouth again.
Cas frowns at her as he opens the front door. “Charlie, I swear, we’re not—”
Dean struggles to keep his focus on Ms. Holmes’ words. His mind wanders away from the boring history he's heard a million times before, to what the directors are likely to say to Cas' request. Knowing them, it'll probably consist of planning meetings and no real action for Demonside.
Garth nods. “Thanks, sir, I will. Goodnight!”
“This is Lord Castiel Milton,” Dean introduced, gesturing to Castiel with one hand while his other moved his shirt back into place. “He comes to us fresh from the continent to fill his brother’s place in our ranks.”
Castiel.
“Of course not. I’ll be doing the accounts for this party for the next week, it’s hard to view it as an entertainment.”
Castiel scrunches the note in his fist, his throat tight. Why leave? They can defend Eden—he’d been sure Dean had been on board with that yesterday. He wants to talk to Azazel as well, to find out what exactly is going on with this virus, if he really believes he can find a cure. A sinking feeling begins in his gut as he realizes he’ll probably never know.
It seemed the bookshelves themselves were still intact, but there was enough fuel in this room for the entire building to have gone up in flames. Castiel thanked every angel in heaven once again for bringing Dean to him.
The boss continues, “I’d like you to come along to a few classes, and speak to the students about how lay magic is handled in England. A guest lecturer, if you will.”
Castiel raises his eyes to Dr. MacLeod. He wants to say yes, he and Dean can contain it, hold the arcane container closed until a new Seal can be constructed, but there’s just so much of it. If it goes wrong, they’ll blow up the library in any case. He turns to Dean, who’s watching him with a wide-eyed worry.
“Oh,” Dean said, waving a dismissive hand. “London, I suppose. I have no particular reason to travel back to Derbyshire. I expect most everyone of my acquaintance will be out of the city, so perhaps I shall finally get some peace,” he quipped, deflecting the conversation onward humorously. He was about to turn the question onto Balthazar, and away from himself, but it seemed that Lady Donn would not have it.
"If her dancing is anything to go by, I can assure you of that fact," Dean said, winking outrageously at Charlie, then, seeming to remember his company, cast a glance at Castiel.
Sam dropped the book onto his lap and gave Dean his best bitchface. “I’m not sick.”
Castiel took a deep breath, trying to shake away the last of his malaise from earlier. The low evening sun still shone across the park, long stripes of light and shade cast across the grass by the trees. Couples strolled arm-in-arm, the women with closed parasols in their hands and bonnets tightly on their heads against the cool breeze that was blowing up from the river. Excited children fed ducks and other birds that swam in the long canal that bisected the park, and other groups of people took their walks and enjoyed the summer evening.
“Ah, here he is, Milton. Monsieur Winchester, Milton here is your greatest supporter. What was it, Milton? ‘Men of Letters’ finest?’”
“Yeah, a group he’s helping right into the grave,” Dean argues bitterly. “Or did you not know that Krissy and her friends get hopped up on lay magic still?”
Dean gave him a small smile. “Of course. I merely wondered if I would see Lord Milton when I walked down to dinner.”
charged, and Dean couldn’t help but be just the teensiest, tiniest bit relieved when an unearthly growl shattered the silence of the rose garden.
“Who are you?” Rosco asks pointedly, but Meg remains silent, so he casts his question on Dean. “Who is she?”
Dean brings a warm chocolate over to Claire’s table and sits down with his own coffee, letting Charlie look after the counter. “Whatcha workin’ on, Claire Bear?” he asks, eyeing the paper Claire is drawing on.
Dean can feel heat in his cheeks at the compliment. He knows the binding is strong—he can feel the undercurrent of Cas’ magic, can feel the tug and flow between both of them. Even if he never wanted to be a warlock and use Demonic magic on a regular basis, the taste and feel of it now is incredible.
Dean’s time at the party continues in a similar haze of drinks and idle chit chat, and he has stubbornly decided that he’s going to charm the pants off of everyone at this party
He pulls back, not really able to see her face, but he can sense her concern like a sharp note in the magic surrounding her.
Gabriel stopped dragging him upwards and spun him around by the shoulders to shout something into his face, but it sounded all garbled and Castiel couldn't see him clearly anyway. He made out Gabriel pointing violently upwards, so he looked up and was startled to see the silvery plane of the surface just above them.
“You’re awake?” Sam says, walking in through the kitchen. His eyes have circles under them, the pupils bloodshot. Apart from Dean’s half-hour nap—that might’ve done more harm than good—neither of them have slept much. They alternate between fighting and drinking and sitting in silence, but Dean can’t seem to get rid of the kid, so they might as well work through their issues.
Castiel didn’t enjoy swimming at night without any light to guide him, but he knew his way home with his limited echolocation. As he got closer to the home cavern entrance, he saw the faint silhouette of a mer swimming back and forth. Gabriel was waiting for him.
It’s a total boss move to call Crowley by his first name, in Dean’s opinion, and despite their current circumstances, he feels proud to be friends with someone like Anna.
“No, no, man,” Dean said jovially, winking as he picked up the hand of cards already being tossed in his direction. “You know me better, I wouldn’t wring out any of my friends like that…but I certainly plan on leaving with my pockets a few pounds heavier.”
Dean glanced at Cas in horror. He
“Kiss me?” Dean says in a rush, too overcome to say anything else. “Sweetheart please, kiss me…” His mouth leaves wet, open-mouthed kisses on Cas’ neck. “Then fuck me…” He reaches between them, finding Cas’ morning wood. Probably the result of their very good, very realistic sex dream. There was sex in that dream, right?  “Then, we’re gonna meet the first day of school head on, like the badasses we are. Capisce?”
Meg reached forward, running her fingers lightly over the tight linen band, reinforced with thin boning, then traced her way down to the laces of his trousers, pulling the knot undone slowly. She lifted her hand to push at one of his shoulders. “Turn around, sir. Let Castiel at your back.”
