not to hurt him.” Her eyes flickered toward where presumably the bathroom was. “He’s a good kid.” Marissa reached out quickly, hand grasping Cas and holding him by the throat. Cas’ feet scratched at the ground as his hands clawed at her grasp. “Just like his
“Do you want to know how I see you, Dean?” Cas whispered hotly into Dean’s ear. His fingers spread to Dean’s neck and waist as his hands wound their way around Dean’s body. Cas dragged his open mouth across Dean’s cheek, hovering over Dean’s quivering—fucking
, he meant
. And you will. You will love. There will be no mercy granted to this quivering once-god, but you can grant the prayer of the only thing you have ever worshipped.
With a sigh, Sam fell into step with Dean. “I’ve been thinking about how weird it was that the first three victims were torn to shreds and more than just the heart was taking,” Sam eventually spoke. “I mean, I know we’re thinking it’s Moira out here and that she’s an Alpha, right? That she was aware enough to make it look like a bear attack.”
“I think it was…” Marissa looked up at Sam, eyes wide before she gave a startled laugh. “We could see the stars.” She smiled, eyes glossing slightly as she moved far away. “Brad… Brad said we should follow the Dipper’s handle.” Shrugging, Marissa shook her head. “I… I’m about as directional as a homing pigeon with a head wound. That’s all I’ve got.”
. Your divine love kneels to meet you and you both fall apart. You break each other’s altars until you rebuild a new one from the rubble. New pulpits and parapets and organs. It is an altar made for blood and love.
before. Dean never thought that was on the table.
“Fred is such a
Sam huffed, packing his empty salad dish and used utensils into the bag. “Neither did Marissa. They’re being charged for trespassing.”
for their presence as he did now.
or wants tend to create marks.”
You’re tired of starving, but you don’t want him to bleed any more than he has for you. He bleeds too damn much for you. You sometimes wonder if that’s the only love you will ever know; a heart coated in blood sacrificed on your altar.
Except this was the kind of shit Dean
“Attractiveness?” Jack asked again.
, Shaggy and Scooby.” He looked to the two of them and his sad blue eyes became sort of like summer skies that reminded Shaggy of picnics by the lake. “You two are very dear to me.”
that eats away at you. Fills you up until you’re starving and alone in the coldest room of what once was your sanctuary. What once was
“Cas—” Dean finally heard himself say. “That’s not what I—”
Cas sighed, shoulders feeling heavier by the moment. “I suppose you could say that.”
His left hand trailed down to his boxers, fingers snaking under the elastic as his right hand moved up to his face. Three of his fingers found their way into his mouth and on instinct Dean began to suck. The eyes surrounding him peered on, encouraging and full of
Blowing out a frustrated breath, Dean nodded slowly. “Suppose that’s it.” He shook his head ruefully. “I just… there’s some things I gotta work out, alright?” He peered to his brother, his understanding and kind brother. Despite what the world—what
James swiped at his forehead again, wheezing a laugh. “Well, it’s the damnedest thing. I guess that property out there belongs to some old blood. They’re chargin’ that whole group of kids for trespassing.”
“We will?” Dean scoffed, his eyes glancing between Sam and James before his irritation got the better of him and he settled angrily on James.
“Deaths don’t stick, huh?” Dean hummed, squeezing Cas closer into his side. “Sounds like someone I know.”
—Dean felt the pang of wrongness in his chest. That’s what made these hunts difficult.
from Sam, well that felt like his damn right at the moment.
“Yeah, Dean,” Sam nodded, “I guess it’s not that surprising, really.” His words sounded thoughtful, prodding, and dangerous. “I guess I mean that I’m surprised that people reading the books were affected by Cas enough to name
It does not matter that Castiel hungers. Because he does not hunger.
Dean Winchester is beneath him and Castiel wants to
A bone-tingling chill ran over Dean’s spine. “S
Dean rested his palm on the table, his forearm brushing against Cas’ bare skin. Inhaling sharply, Dean leaned in again, this time with purpose, tilting his head and brushing his nose along Cas’ cheek.
” Dean says. Slow and sweet. Cas sighs, absorbing every word and every touch. He closes his eyes, giving into the rapture of his paradise at the hands of Dean Winchester. Chasing Dean’s touch in a way that makes him think of Sam—running after Jack in an open field.
understand.
. Castiel stops his tracks, a mindless waltz. He’s reminded of that sad, grey, little fish. How it heaved itself onto the land. Determined; cold;
“But you just… you bounced back. Dodge City you were walking on Cloud Nine, man.” Sam huffed a laugh that was short-lived. “Now it’s like you can’t stand to be in the same room as him, but you can’t stand him being out of sight either.”
“Mountain Dew!” Jack grinned, turning that beam Dean knew made Cas weak toward said ex-angel.
“You’re just getting old,” Sam teased, voice gentle in the night and a subtle reminder of their earlier conversation.
“Bye Sammy! Bye Dee!” Jack had waved. Sam had returned it with an awkward wave of his own. Sam had always been cautious around kids, and the newly small Jack was no different. But he was getting there.
He gulped, shifting on his feet. “I mean… well, while you two were out there, I was wonderin’ if you’d take some pictures for me.” His smile shook on his face. “I intend to prove that there aren't any postings out there. The kids wouldn’t have known they were trespassing.”
lived something of a life, had met someone. There was a hope that all Dean would have to do was
Sam nodded in response, redialing and putting the phone up to his ear. His lips were pressed into a thin line and his eyes were dimmed even underneath the dark of the moon. With the keys in the ignition, Baby roared to life. Dean could admit to flooring it, even if the wet dirt of Florida forests would be a bitch to clean out later.
“Dean,” Cas whispered, putting his hand to Dean’s wrist and halting his movements. “You saved my life.
Dean huffed a breath, looking away. Now that Cas could finally look at him, Dean felt it to be unbearable. The book that was cradled in his arm felt too heavy. The weight of Cas’ eyes on him felt too much. But Dean was the weight in this room, wasn’t he? Chaining Cas to Earth so that he might never return to Heaven.
. God, Dean would
—of the Righteous Man. And he isn’t willing to let that go yet. Not when he hungers for it.
“Sure, Dean,” Sam rolled his eyes goodnaturedly. “See if you can get in touch with Moira too for that interview. I think I read that she has a summer cabin on the land that she stays at. Maybe we’ll be able to get some insight on whether she’s involved or not before heading out to the campsite.”
James shrugged, dabbing at his forehead again. “Anyways, Mrs.
Dean let out a breathless laugh, carding his fingers through Cas’ hair. “What can I say? Toldja you were the prettiest angel in the garrison.”
“An impala?” Dean gave a breathless laugh once his fingers were out of his mouth, his hand trailing to meet his other hand down his body. “How long has
Cas smiled softly. It seemed to reach his eyes this time which made Shaggy feel like he appreciated the talk. “Thank you, Shaggy. Scooby.” He gestured to the both of them in kind.
Sighing, Dean’s hands slipped down to rid his body of the jeans. He kicked them off of his legs, listening as they landed heavily on the floor but quickly becoming distracted as his right hand began to trace the shape of his length.
“Dean?” Cas called for Dean again, his grace burning white hot against Dean’s skin.
Offering a blinding smile, Castiel threaded his fingers through Dean’s hair. “Me too.”
“You hunters really
what Sam’s point was. With Charlie’s magic, neverending cards, why
Dean’s grip on him tightened, fingers digging into Cas’ skin in reaffirming pressure. “Still,” Dean whispered, “still it’d be nice. You’ve seen my damn soul.”
“How much longer will he have to wait?” Castiel asked, fearful of the answer but desperate for it all the same.
. He could remember Naomi and the tablets and countless other things that had left Castiel
, Cas.” He scoffed. “He’s dumb, blond, and the only cool thing about him is that he drives the
you there, Cas,” he murmured. “But what’s that got to do with—”
Sam scoffed a laugh, smile turning wry but pleasant. “Anyway, we should look into Moira
Cas sighed, tilting his head. “I have taken precautions against you perceiving my true self.” The words felt sharp as they drew from his mouth. “You found my true self to be rather distasteful when we first met.” He shrugged at the emotions that passed through Dean’s face. He couldn’t probably identify them, but he was not always fluent in Dean Winchester despite knowing the man so well.
—fault Cas for spending time with his kid. Even if it made the wait for this conversation anxious as hell. Or maybe Cas was just as afraid of this as Dean was, putting it off for as long as he could. Shuttering, Dean closed his eyes and inhaled slowly.
Gone was the swimming feeling. Instead, there was nothing. The distant memory of the bed beneath him, but a glowing and mythical green surrounding him. He looked at the simulation of his hands—whether in his head or Cas’ gaze, and flexed his fingers.
“A favor?” Dean leaned forward on his elbows, leveling James with his own scrutinizing glare that made the man squirm.
The tendrils of grace moved Dean’s hands, physically his body and yet etherally his
Shaggy blinked again, sharing his startled expression with Scooby before turning to look at Cas. Man, now he
to choose him.”
—wouldn’t answer his damn—
Shaggy shrugged. “Nah, but they’re totally it for each other, man.”
,” he sighed, “Cas, sweetheart, I didn’t see
“Jack,” Dean forced his voice to soften. “Jack, buddy, I need you to be brave. I need you to be real brave for me right now.” His voice cracked. He couldn’t look at Sam, but he felt it. Felt those sad, heavy eyes on him. Struck with fear and worry. “I need you to be brave because I’m scared shitless, kid. So you gotta be brave for me, okay?”
He tells Dean as much. Tells Dean that he is still beautiful. Tells Dean all the things he
When Dean was four, he watched his mother hold his baby brother to the blooming sunflowers she kept in the backyard. Mom said they were called
Gasping for breath, Cas opened his eyes and peered into Dean’s face. Open, awestruck, gaping.
Why couldn’t you reach out to him?
Because he is not shattered before the altar of Winchester. He has been fed at the table of his
,” he cursed. “Why go after her, though? She didn’t see anything, and if she wasn’t out here then it wouldn’t have looked like an animal attack.”
Cas closed the door, moving to the passenger side front where Sam rolled down his window. Cas, standing there with Jack on his hip and the bag slung over his shoulder. Cas, with bags under his eyes from nights when Jack had nightmares. Cas and a gummy smile that made his teeth reflect the Florida sun.
His words were small in Dean’s ears. A goodbye signed and delivered with no hope of combating the declaration. The worst part, Dean thought bitterly, was how readily Cas accepted it. How readily Cas expected Jack’s home to be here in the Bunker even if he was no longer wanted.
“Maybe it’s swampy enough out there for them.” Dean offered with a half shrug. He rolled the dolphin absently in his palm.
him what he wanted.
Jack clapped his hands together again, making a difficult time for Cas who was trying to unbuckle the kid’s seat while still in the car with him. Once Cas had decided it was a futile task from this angle, he grabbed the kid’s bag that rested at his feet and opened the door. In the time it took Cas to walk to the opposite side of the car, Jack turned to look at Dean.
,” Cas corrected, “was looking at the Impala from afar until Jack called him over. He wanted to show it off.” He smiled fondly, reaching into his pocket for the car keys and then stretching his arms out to take Jack back from Dean. “We should probably go get lunch now. If you’d like, you can drop Jack and I off at the motel and I can try looking into other possibilities.”
. “Okay.” He settled on. “So ask me.”
“Oh,” Castiel let out in a breath. He felt Heaven spin around him, vision swirling until he was forced to take a seat. Jack followed him, arms reaching out but withheld as not to touch Castiel. “Dean Winchester is…”
” His gravelly voice, altered by the phone’s static, washed over Dean with a sense of dread.
in them. Floating mid-air and surrounded by unnamed stars, only tethered by the grace-tendrils gripping him and piercing him.
Sam’s smirk was easy to see, even with Dean looking away, as the smug bastard shoveled forkfuls of salad into his mouth. Cas hummed, helping Jack unwrap his burger and placing a napkin in the kid’s shirt as a makeshift bib. The kid
"Jason X is the worst movie ever." Castiel cried. "You can't call going to space in that steaming pile of crap 'bad ass.' That movie's utter existence is a slap in the face to every
Dean hadn't told Castiel about how many times his parents had run off during his childhood to 'rekindle their love' and how he'd been tasked with caring for Sam for sometimes weeks at a time. He hadn't told him about how Mary was still technically married to his father, even though they hadn't lived together in years. Castiel didn't know about the two times that Sam had come after Dean with weapons, convinced Dean was "possessed" and how Dean had to fight him in self-defense and then call the police. He didn't know that when Sam had first gotten sick, Dean had been convinced he was on drugs and thrown him out of the house. Castiel just knew the sweet, blond version of Mary Winchester who cared for Sam and the smiling, lovable yet slightly "off" version of Sam. Castiel had no idea what his family was like.
"How often do you see the Singers, Sam?" Dean asked, changing the subject.
The longer Cas was back, the more emotions he seemed to be experiencing. When he had first rebelled, Cas had barely ever showed emotions. He was like a robot who occasionally said nonsensical things because of his unawareness of human custom. Then he had really thrown himself into the fight. He had lost it the night Dean almost said "yes" to Michael. Since that night, Dean could tell Cas had been struggling. Dean knew how it felt. His whole life, he had shoved his feelings into the sand, and poured an ocean on top of them. He could definitely relate to Cass feeling lost.
"I'm exhausted." Cas muttered. "I have never been exhausted. Even when I was at my weakest, I never needed sleep. I don't think I know how to sleep."
"Aw, Cas. That is like, I don't know, the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me. You seriously have a way of making me feel so much better than I really am. Thank you." He said.
"I drank Jager bombs and a particularly obnoxious blond woman spent the entire night trying to get into my pants. It was unpleasant." Cas grumbled, taking a long sip of coffee.
"I'm sorry. I'm just hungover." He muttered.
or 'that weak bitch,' as you call her, is with Sam. You're 2000 miles away, wasted in some dive bar in the middle of nowhere. You won't even talk to him. You're not doing ANYTHING special right now." Castiel snarled.
"So you're like, an abstract artist? Like, Dali or something?" Dean just said the guy's name because there weren't too many artists he knew and Cas had a Dali print up in his living room in Plainville.
"Congratulations, Castiel. You are finally ready." She says.
"I know."
Dean leaned in and captured that mouth, those full lips, in his. Cas groaned a little and pulled him in closer, his mouth devouring his, tangling his fingers in Dean's hair, drinking him in with such urgency that Dean felt like he might be swallowed up into this half-man, half-angel's embrace. Dean returned the urgency, pushing him back against the couch, sliding his tongue into his mouth, grasping the collar of Cas's ubiquitous dress shirt. Unable to stop, he pushed Cas back completely and straddled him to get better access to that full, delicious mouth. He got hard instantly, the feeling of the smaller man beneath him too much to bear. He ground his hips into Cas's and he heard Cas gasp, which only made him want to devour the angel even more. They made out for a few minutes like that, going at it like two teenagers. When it became too much for Dean to handle, he moved his fingers down to the dress shirt and started to unbutton it. Then he felt Cas's fingers on his, pushing them away from his shirt. He pulled his mouth from Dean's, effectively ending the best make out session Dean had experienced in years.
He stared at Castiel. He looked around and realized that he was in a hotel room that he had never seen before. He was lying on a bed and Cas was standing above him.
"Ow!" Dean yelled. "You bastard! Angel strength! Don't forget that! Man, why are you guys always giving me so much crap?"
The right side of his face felt like it had been pummeled with a brick. Clearly Cas wasn't totally out of juice yet.
"Star Wars is not a children's film!" Castiel said. "It's… transcendent, which means it's not for children."
Mary Winchester's house was ice to the face after a few weeks of bliss. The entire drive from the Topeka airport had felt
Dean smiled a little more. A few minutes later, they were crawling into the slightly softer bed, which still felt like a bed of nails. Dean noticed he was fully dressed, from his trench coat down to his shoes.
These were thoughts that first entered his head, but it was so much simpler, yet somehow so much worse.
Some time passed and amazingly, things got somewhat back to normal. Dean received A's and B's on all his midterms, including a B- on his social theory midterm. He hadn't bothered to ask Castiel for tutoring in awhile. He didn't need it, or maybe he didn't want to ask Castiel for help on anything anymore. Castiel came to lunch with him, Charlie, and Jo the Wednesday after his episode at the bar and Jo and Charlie were fantastic, talking to Castiel like nothing had happened, being super nice and encouraging, even teasing the two of them a little bit about how they held hands under the table. Dean was grateful to his friends, who knew without asking not to begrudge Castiel about what happened at the bar. Dean simply told Jo that the liquor had ignited some post-traumatic stress issues that night.
Dean couldn't help it. He burst out laughing. Hearing this, Castiel did too. They laughed uproariously for a few minutes, until they were both crying.
Castiel groans at his horrible joke, because Dean's jokes are always terrible, but kisses him anyway.
"Well, come on, Dean. I'm an odd duck, I know that and so do you. I know I come off as strange to people. I've always known that. I think Charlie sees that in me and appreciates it for what it is. One of the things I like about her is that she doesn't try to figure out why I am the way I am. She just… appreciates it." He said, looking into the depths of his beer.
No guilt. No love. No humanity. The memories of the Winchester brothers still exist, but they are washed over in shades of grey and whitewashed of any emotion. Castiel's other emotions, memories and thoughts bear a similar sheen. He is aware of what he's thought, what he's believed, but he no longer cares. It isn't even obvious that he has been broken. Castiel's mind is a void; the emotions and the thoughts that made him the worst kind of angel are now covered in layers upon layers of apathy. Naomi's "tests" involving Dean have done the unspeakable: they have broken Castiel, literally made him numb. The only part of Castiel's mind that shines brightly is Naomi's own words and the utter fear that he has of her. Castiel is no longer sure why he is scared of her, but his fear is so great that she knows he will obey.
"Castiel. I think it's about time you start becoming more aware of me. After all, I am the one who rescued you from Purgatory."
"What makes you say that?
The house was awash in props Dean assumed that were supposed to resemble the set of Rocky Horror. Someone had set up projectors and the movie was currently playing silently on each one of the walls in the large living room, where the band would play and most of the action would take place. Dean had to admit that the place looked good. He hadn't seen Rocky Horror Picture Show in years, mostly because he wasn't a huge dork, but it definitely had the feel that the movie and stage show did.
"That wasn't so bad, actually. Much better than talking on the phone." He said to Castiel.
"Neither does Dean." Charlie said, smiling at Jo.
The first thing Dean notices is his stare. It's fixed, immovable.
He's trapped.
"Now, who is this fine specimen?" Ellen asked, referring to Castiel. "Jo, this your new boyfriend?"
"Thanks, Dean. Seriously, thank you!" Castiel gushed.
"What the hell happened to him?" Dean asked desperately. "And Sammy, I need Sammy to come home."
"Since I realized I could boss you around." Castiel said, his voice actually filled with some humor. "Now, go take a shower, you're disgusting."
"I am rather sleepy, to be honest, which depresses me. I think the wine had that effect. I am feeling slightly off-kilter." Cas said.
"If I don't hear from you, I'll assume that little Dean has chosen his boy toy over his flesh and blood. Two days! Now get to chanting and let me out of here!" Crowley yelled.
ready?" Castiel replied.
Dean reached over and brushed a piece of his perpetually too-long brown hair out of his eyes. He kissed him on the forehead.
"How are you, though? I know we just talked, but wow, Dean, it's so strange to see your face. You look good, man. How were midterms?"
"It's my favorite holiday." Castiel admitted. "I love pretending I'm someone else for a night. I don't know, it's fun."
"Castiel, for years you were a patient servant of Heaven, and for years, we fought side by side. You are closer to my family than any other angel in Heaven. You were a great angel, and I can tell by how this human looks at you, that you are a great man. That is why it pains me to tell you this… but no, unfortunately, you are destined to live out your human life, and then die a human death." He said slowly.
“Douches!” Jack repeated, mouth full and burger threatening to fall on the makeshift bib.
who just refused to acknowledge his best friend’s love confession. His
, Dean heard Cas’ rumble, deep and comforting. His body felt like it was swimming through an ocean of stars. He crooked his arms—or maybe
Dean’s body clenched, shouting as he spilled over their physical forms. His soul pulsated, throbbing beneath Cas’ touch until he followed suit. Panting, Cas buried himself in Dean’s neck, felt the familiar withdrawal of his form.
,” Cas whispered thoughtfully. His eyes flickered to Dean before he took a tentative sip of his mug. “I suppose you could say that it’s a… bond.”
“Burgers would be fine,” Cas’ voice was calm as it always seemed to be nowadays. Settled.
After shoving the rest of the Burger Burger into his mouth, Dean looked to Cas and then the burger in the middle of the table. He cursed under his breath, reaching for the burger and stealing the plastic knife that came with Sam’s salad. He unwrapped the hellish burger, loaded with everything Abby had promised and
heavenly body, crimson has to spill for you to touch him.
stupid, aren’t you?” She spat again, taking a step toward Sam and Dean.
and he could have his peace.
He could hear Cas snort a soft laugh, shoulders shaking. “Sap,” he reprimanded in turn. Dean hid his smile in Cas’ hair, not that this form of Cas could see it anyway.
Dean’s eyes widened at the sudden tease of something hot, but distinctly not wet like Cas’ tongue so often was, running across his skin. Cas was peering at him again beneath dark lashes, but this time starlight grace burned under his eyelids. He could feel his breath stop short, chest tightening as Cas—and Dean meant
"Is that a soul I smell on you, boy? Are you human? And you're in love? With HIM?" Crowley said, his grin growing wider. "Playing on my side now, Winchester? I mean, the angel—the human, I mean—I always thought maybe. But you?"
Dean just grinned at him and kissed him again, He moved his hands from Castiel's face down to his waist, skimming his fingers over his ribs and then moving him up his shirt, kissing him deeper. Then, he heard the voice of the angel of cock blocking.
"Great! I'm just warning you though—this might take some time—I am
"No, Sammy. Sit. You just got back from the ride of your life. I didn't make a deal. It was Gabriel who brought you back. God, Sammy I have so much to tell you. But first, Sam, how are you? Like, really." He said.
Castiel watched in horror at the way Dean's eyes and mouth softened as Anna tilted her face to his. He felt his heart drop into his stomach. Suddenly, it were as if his insides were on fire. He saw red and it wasn't just Anna's hair. His right eye twitched and he felt his hands ball into fists.
"Bobby's great." Sam assured Castiel. "He'll mess with you a lot, maybe call you names you don't understand, but don't worry, he'll love you."
"You want to hit me, don't you? I know how guys like you are, Dean. I grew up in homes surrounded by guys like you. You repress and you run, because that's all you know how to do. Anyone gets close, anyone questions you, and you either run away or you throw punches."
Dean thought about this as Cas stalked away. Cas was in denial about what was happening to him. Something had brought him back, yes, and whatever was powerful enough to do that scared the hell out of Dean, but Cas wasn't restored to his original self. He had been brought back as something else entirely. Dean was pretty sure that Cas wasn't an angel anymore.
He's sprinting across campus one day, trying to get to class on time for once, when he manages to trip over this peculiar man. Dean goes flying forward, feeling the earth come to meet him face first. He hits the ground hard and hears a pained grunting beneath him. Dean manages to extricate himself from a tangle of long limbs and messenger bags, and pulls himself to his feet. The other man is still sitting there, rubbing his cheek where Dean's knee crashed into it and sent them both to the ground.
"Dean, it's your mom."
"I guess not." Castiel said, his voice evening out.
"I would like to order a round of tequila shots for everyone at this table." He said seriously.
"Castiel Novak, your tutor, Charlie's obsession, and the guy who you think is so damaged you won't even let me tease him about his trench coat? You fucked him?!" She demanded.
"Never." Dean declares. "Cas is too cute when he's embarrassed, which is almost always."
Dean snorted. Charlie had grown up in Plainville, so he was sure she consumed alcohol here long before freshman year.
"No. It was an awful sleep. I slept at the kitchen table, Dean. What kind of an idiotic question is that?" Cas bitched. He was still unable to detect sarcasm sometimes, which was a trait Dean found charming.
Jo choked on her beer. "W-wh-what?" She gasped, coughing.
Dean felt a little shocked at Henriksen's response. He figured that Henriksen saw things like this all the time, but he seemed personally affronted by Mary's black eye.
"Where is he now?"
The previous night was hazy, but he remembered most of it. What he remembered most of all was being unnecessarily cruel to Castiel and then vomiting on the side of the road three times during the treacherously long walk back to his apartment.
"How many of our brothers and sisters were lost during the fight?" Castiel whispered.
"…human." Cas finished. "The first thing, the only thing I can think about is finding out who brought me back, what turned me human. I need to find out why I am here, and what purpose there is for doing this to me."
Castiel didn't look convinced. "Okay." He said finally, nodding a little.
Castiel shifted some more and rubbed the back of his neck nervously. "Well, it was fine." He said finally. "I'm not going to lie, it surprised me and it's definitely been a very long time for me, but I can't say I minded." He said with a shrug.
"Castiel Novak? Your tutor and our occasional lunch buddy?"
"Really. I know you don't believe me, but I've told you, time and time again, I'm not going to break. I've been through too much to let a few nasty comments from my drunken boyfriend send me over the edge."
"Hold onto them. Hold onto them for dear life, because one day you could wake up and be like me, with nothing left of them besides a few vague memories and worn pictures. If you do absolutely nothing else in your life, do that." Castiel said.
Castiel snorted. "I've always been told that my appearance makes that relatively obvious."
"Pretty much." Dean admitted. "I don't know, Sammy. I trust him. I love him. Telling him about everything, letting him share some of this crap you and I have been dealt has made a lot of difference. It's why I'm here now, dealing, instead of following mom out the door."
"Dean, I don't know. He was doing so well. I was finally relaxing. But… this, I should have expected it. Been ready for it." She said.
"I can't believe it." Cas said as soon as Gabriel disappeared. "I honestly cannot believe it."
"But Cas, I wasn't rejecting you."
After an hour of "we're moving away together" sex, they went to bed. As he watched Castiel curl into his usual fetal position, he thought about how much had changed since he'd barreled over Cas in the quad. He had never imagined he'd leave Plainville in a relationship, let alone with a boy who would follow him anywhere. He'd certainly diverged from the path he'd set for himself, but it was so good that he didn't even mind not knowing what was next.
"You know how Bobby is around her, Dean. It wouldn't have been comfortable for her or for us if she had come." Sam said, shaking his head.
Dean couldn't help it. He grabbed him and kissed him again, all tongue this time, sloppy because he was so excited. Castiel kissed him back, with less tongue, and then straddled him, more aggressive than Dean was, as usual. This was beginning to not surprise him anymore.
Charlie, somewhat unsurprisingly, ended getting a job managing a number of punk bands for Victory Records. Castiel jokingly calls her a sell out, but she's happy.
Castiel chuckled. "Believe it or not, I've spent some time in the psychiatric ward."
"How often do you talk to Sam these days?"
The first two weeks at Bobby's house, Cas and Dean slowly but surely built a routine.
"So, Castiel, you're a professor?" Mary asked, moving the subject away from his awful cooking abilities.
Dean finished and he was amazed at how insecure he felt when he was done saying it. He was slightly afraid that Castiel would laugh at him. It was probably the cheesiest thing he had ever said to anyone and he had used some pretty bad lines in his younger days. Fortunately, he had just meant what he said. He started to get more embarrassed when Castiel didn't say anything back.
. Like a network of people that made hunting a
, the edges of him had softened just that much more. “What did you find out from Marissa?”
down here taking a breather. Cas had wanted to take Jack to some reservation or something. Sam’s software had detected the mysterious death of two separate hikers and a solo camper before they had got here. They hadn’t made it in time to stop Brad’s death, but hopefully, they could prevent any more.
“That’s us,” Sam straightened in his seat, taking in the man before them with a measuring gaze. Dean was familiar with that scrutinization, but at least it was turned to this stranger.
He looked up when the bathroom door opened, Cas stepping out without a word. His freshly washed hair clung to his skin. The wound on his shoulder was bright red and raw, but healing. Dean pressed his lips together.
Grimacing, Cas ducked his head. “I told her to look away. Most humans aren’t... meant to perceive our true forms.”
“Are we ever going to talk about it?” Sam pursed his lips and his gaze felt like it was weighing Dean’s soul against a feather.
?!” He huffed. “Any time I look at you, you’re just—” he gestured wordlessly to Cas’ body with flailing hands.
The tendril that had been guiding Dean’s had released his wrist, finishing the journey to Dean’s shaft alone.
” Jack whispered. “
. That he somehow wasn’t
Again Castiel nodded slowly. “...Norville?” His frown deepened. “I… had assumed most nicknames were derivatives of forenames.”
Dean didn’t know if he could deal with the threat of sharks anyway. Monsters? Silver bullets and knives and stakes. He could deal. Having to punch a shark to preserve his life and limb?
—lips.
Dean could see Sam’s rolling eyes at the remark, but Sam let it slide. “
” His voice sounded reassuring, even as small as it was. “
Dean Winchester was…
Looking up at the menu, Dean gave an appreciative nod. The young woman behind the counter drug a customer service smile across her face.
He stands before Dean Winchester—
with the reminders of what Chuck had done.
Taking Dean’s earlobe into his mouth, Cas bit gently before sucking an apology into the skin. He could feel it; his grace reaching out for Dean. Instead of thick, blue tendrils cradling Dean’s wrist, they reached forward until they captured a bright, green star buried in a sky of freckles.
going to do this in Dean’s stead. That was fine. Dean
Cas flinched, taking the words like a physical blow. Dean hadn’t even thought about it that way, not really. Perhaps in the most abstract sense of it if at all. But the car was Jack’s favorite, and it had a specific shade of blue, and it had a crack on its right side door.
. It sounds kind of confusing when you say it like that, though, dude.”
Cas’ lips were soft even with a barely-there brush of their lips. Dean pulled back, the tape forgotten as it clattered to the floor. Quiet enough that it didn’t wake a sleeping Jack, but loud in Dean’s ears. Cas looked at Dean with wide eyes, crystal blue attempting to peer into Dean’s soul.
Smirking, Dean nudged Cas with his elbow and threw a wink. “Dunno ‘bout that. I’ve seen how
“It’s Dean,” Jack spoke gently. “He’s… here.” His words eventually drew out from him, reaching Castiel’s grace and morphing his hesitant spirit into one of sorrow. Already Dean Winchester was dead, resigned to Heaven when there was still a full life on Earth to have been had for him.
.” He gestured to the book, referring to the closed entry. “MacDonald’s research theorizes that a human soul, a
. “I want you to stay.” He whispered his confession into Cas’ mouth, opening the kiss further, deepening it further. Tame, but reaching. “Please stay.”
.” His eyes sparked for a moment as he continued, and it was the liveliest Shaggy had seen the man on their hunt for the ghost. “I have been told that nicknames are means of showing affection, though, so I understand if referring to me as Cas seems too intimate for our newly acquired acquaintanceship.”
“Reah. Rive rangerously.” Scooby piped up from Cas’ other side. Together the three of them continued down the hall, monster momentarily forgotten.
A bubbled laugh escaped Cas, roiling across Dean’s skin like seafoam. Cas pulled back completely, turning to sit on the bed as to remove his shoes. Dean felt boneless against his memory foam, breath still caught somewhere in his throat and sweat clinging to his skin.
. Always wanting.
heard Baby.” He looked over his shoulder at the child in question who sat on one of the beds with his toys.
He was in Heaven at the time—Naomi tells him—as God had Willed him. Just as there were big plans for that fish, there are big plans for Castiel. Or so it goes.
, what is that?” He panted heavily, chest heaving.
The altar you once worshipped has been lost to you. Instead, you pray to the raindrops and the thunder. You pray to the oven that feeds your family. You pray to the echo of the only thing divine that has ever touched you in a way that is
to your friend and would like to…
Sam’s eyes were wide and his face was pale. “Jack? Where are you?” Sam attempted to keep his voice level, but Dean could see the stress pulling at his throat.
“Order up!” Abby shouted before turning back to grab the card from Dean. She swiped it without a problem after confirming how much the order was. Not that Dean cared about the amount, but admitting he didn’t care about the amount was admitting to why he was willing to share a drink with Cas. It was—
Dean nodded, “sure.” He let out a snort. “I guess they were taking turns, huh? Up until Brad and Marissa, it was always solo hikers out on the public side of the land. Only one heart each.” Grimacing, Dean walked over to where he had spotted his gun. He bent over to pick it up, inspecting it for any damage. “Guess they were getting impatient. Wanted one each.”
at the gas station. Certainly didn’t
. Gasping, Dean’s back arched as the tendrils flickered in further, teasing at his prostate.
it felt to be without them. When Cas had first raised him, there were some scars that had remained. His first werewolf scratch, the ugly scarring of a fumble from a tree, careful crescents made with care on his chest, and Cas’ own handprint. Each piece was like a tree’s ring on Dean’s skin.
Sam’s face tightened. “Maybe he wasn’t trying to kill her,” he suggested, “maybe he was trying to recruit her.”
“I suppose technically,” Cas’ throat felt dry.
The werewolf growled, baring its teeth under the moonlight that filtered through the treeline. Dean flickered his gaze quickly, trying to locate his gun. It seemed a moment enough distraction for the werewolf to retaliate. It lunged again, bearing claws and fangs in an act of desperation before the second gunshot of the night rang out. The silvered bullet impacted the werewolf mid-lunge, causing its massive form to crumble.
there. Maybe the beaches weren’t so bad, but wendigos didn’t stalk beaches. Sam made some smart sounding comment about silkies to which Cas refuted that silkies were hardly carnivorous and it was the sharks one had to watch out for.
“Isn’t that what you have
golden, but when he tried looking at it, the sun was just a bright, white color. Blinding. Dad said he couldn’t look at the sun without hurting himself, so he stopped trying.
, Cas reminded him,
The motel room was quiet. Dean was grateful to be miles away from Florida. The Midwest roads were more familiar. Baby took every inch of road greedily, happily, without cars burning rubber all around her. Steepling his hands on the table in front of him, Dean felt his leg bounce with anxious energy. The small, clay dolphin stared back at him with beady eyes.
love confession.
“Cas,” Dean hoped he returned the reverence. Holding the book out, Dean swallowed the mass of nerves that had coiled in his throat. “I need you to know why I can see you.”
Struck with a thought, Castiel’s eyes wandered and his rings spun endlessly and his wings clapped like thunder.
Sam hummed thoughtfully, scrolling through his phone. “So you’re thinking it’s a witch?”
Sam huffed, “Dean,
was like a
There’s a still moment, where Dean licks his lips and they soften and moisten beneath the fell swipe of his pink tongue. Cas is memorized by the movement. Watches it with the utmost intent until Dean’s mouth falls open.
?” Jack spoke at a raised volume, clearly no longer afraid of whispering.
Dean took the bait,
“I don’t know!” Dean barked back, teeth grinding together in a jaw-clenching motion. “He took Jack with him over there, Sam.” He spoke hoarsely. “Cas and Jack are over there.” The words, once repeated, brought a curdling sickness to Dean’s stomach. He anxiously heard the phone ring in an attempt to connect.
You are not empty. You are no longer starving. You miss him in the rain and in the sun. The same way the builders must have missed Babylon after their own hubris left their altar of knowledge in destruction. You miss him and it aches but the roaring pagan god has had his fill of blood and love and you feel like a ghost haunting a broken altar some days, but some days you are content to miss him. Miss him and remember what it was like to be loved with blood on your hands.
choose him. That I only
Sam’s bitchface told Dean he thought that too. All of that. Sam turned his gaze, flashing his light out into the distance. “I’m just saying you look… content.
, Sam.” His hand clenched into a fist at his side where it hung. “It’s not like he’s been fighting a losing battle with his grace
It was a cold night in January when it began. Castiel recalled the humans had recently marked the year 1979. The evening was an ordinary one save for the birth of one, small child. Crying, the babe called out for his mother. Like most humans, the babe hungered. Humans milled about before affixing the newborn into the arms of a tired but brightly smiling mother.
Shaggy laughed easily. “Like, of course, man!” He grinned as Cas turned to continue their ghost-hunt. Then he totally remembered what he was trying to ask in the first place. “Yanno, it really seemed like you and that Dean guy are super tight. That’s why I call Scooby-Doo, Scoob.”
“You mean it ain’t all sunshine and beach weather?” Dean teased, clearly aware of the heat and humidity boiling outside.
He thought.
"Less than a liter? Cas, that's a hell of a lot of blood!" Dean cried. "Not enough to kill me? You make it sound so easy."
"I have no idea why I am here. My father wouldn't have brought me back without some sense of purpose." Cas said. "I must have been brought back to help you get Sam back… after all, someone who willingly goes with Lucifer into Hell deserves to be saved."
He came back out and sat down at the table. "So, last night you said there was something you needed to do this morning?"
Cas rolled over onto his back and stared at the ceiling. "You're leaving." He said flatly.
"Bobby's? Won't it be painful for you to be there without him or Sam?" Cas asked.
"What? Why didn't you say anything?" Dean murmured. He felt tears spring to his eyes. This explained everything now. Cas's anger, his behavior in the kitchen, his desperation.
The four of them sat there for awhile, chatting about nothing, Charlie and Jo draining the drinks that two men at the bar had purchased them. Charlie bought Castiel another shot and Dean didn't say anything, because who was he, Castiel's mom? After that, Castiel began drinking freely again, downing two more shots of tequila. After that, Castiel began to get kind of
Dean just laughed and reached down and kissed him on the tip of his nose. "Fine. You win." He murmured.
"Assbutt? He called Michael assbutt?" Sam cried, tears of laughter streaming from his eyes. "He called a fucking archangel assbutt before setting him on fire?"
"Dude, one night he tried to make meatloaf for me and Jo. It had the taste and consistency of rubber. Hell, it even looked like a tire." Dean said.
"Almost five months, Sammy. Five of the longest months of my life. I am so damn happy to see you, Sammy." Dean murmured.
"Dean, you don't need to pretend to sleep on the couch. We're not children. Your family is perfectly aware that we have a sexual relationship." Castiel said without looking up from his book.
"It is not enough to keep it from the Winchesters. You know they will get it, one way or another." She says. "To protect the tablet, you must kill him, Castiel. Dean Winchester. He will not stand for this. He will not allow Heaven to guard the tablet. He will not let
Dean felt an enormous sense of relief wash over him. A portion of his hangover even seemed to dissipate.
"These paintings." Dean motions at the wall. "These yours?"
When they got into Dean's old room, Castiel reached over and took his hand.
"I told you, since Portland didn't work out, we are going to a Rocky Horror party instead. Thus, we are going as Rocky Horror characters. You're just lucky that I still had spankies from cheerleading and that our school colors were gold and white. Or else you would have had to deal with the humiliation of buying a gold speedo."
"I never dreamed there were factions. Back then, I couldn't. I never dreamed of rebelling, nor did I think any other angel would." Cas said, shaking his head. "But I am glad that Gabriel is in charge and that Raphael is dead. I think it's for the best. It was time for a change. I really, well, I can't think too much about that right now. How are you?"
"It's nothing." He said roughly. "It's stupid."
"So he knows that I am schizophrenic and that I'm routinely hospitalized and that I see demons when they taper down my antipsychotics too much?"
"And stop you from reliving wonderful parts of your life? Make Ellen and Bobby aware of how pathetic I am? No. I don't do that. I won't do that." He said, shaking his head. "I just never had a normal childhood. I never had a family. Even the Novaks, who are the best people I've ever met, I hardly can count them as family. I was far too damaged by the time they found me."
"At least they ended her suffering." Cas commented. "You know, they always kill the worst actresses the quickest."
Castiel looked a little annoyed when he said Lisa's name. He shook his head.
Gabriel shook his head. "You were right about me being scared to face my family, Dean. You were right all along. I have faced them now, and things are better than I thought possible. Facing Lucifer and Michael and taking away their favorite chew toys is my last step in that process. Funny how it took a human and a fallen angel to make me realize this." He said.
"Girls with tattoos are totally hot." Charlie said. "Now I am one of them. Maybe I should try out to be a Suicide Girl."
Dean cut him off by placing a finger to his lips.
"Crowley." Cas growled.
"Well?" Cas asked. "Don't leave us sitting here with bated breath."
"Get Balthazar down here! Tell him to go get Sam! This is not the way, Cas! This is not the fucking way we are going to do things anymore! No more fucking deals with demons!" He screamed. He was yelling so hard, he felt like the blood vessels in his face were going to explode.
Dean went into the bedroom because he hadn't seen what had happened in there yet and he wasn't sure he wanted to see it. Just like the rest of the apartment, it was a mess. The bed was stripped bare and there were sheets and clothes everywhere. Dean opened the closet and found Castiel's paintings. He had taken a knife to them and shredded the canvas. Just like everything else in Castiel's apartment, they were destroyed.
Dean tried not to groan. "Okay, Cas. Thanks. "
The emotions that came over Dean then were indescribable. He never thought it was possible to feel such an absolute mix of elation, relief and terror. All of his doubts about the angels suddenly melted away from him and he felt absolutely idiotic for summoning Crowley twice. He was a believer again.
Cas stared at him, his eyes wide, innocent, as if he hadn't considered that.
"Anna, what are you doing back in town?" Jo asked, sending her a smile that could only be described as coy.
"Sammy, mom, this is my friend, Cas." Dean said.
Dean reached his hand over and brushed a piece of hair off Castiel's face. He still needed a haircut.
"When have you…? Were some of your foster brothers and sisters schizophrenic?" Dean asked, knowing immediately it was a stupid question, sure the confusion was etched on
Somehow, Mary had also gotten a lawyer to meet them at the police station, even though it was the day after Christmas. This made Dean feel more confident about the end of his marriage because Mary had obviously expedited the process, which meant she was taking it seriously.
Sam just laughed and Dean was suddenly grateful that his brother still had his social graces.
"The flirting we just witnessed between them- are they being serious?" Castiel hissed. "I think that's a terrible idea."
Dean just nodded and led him up the stairs. They kicked off their shoes and sat on the edge of the bed.
"Why don't I remember that?" Dean asked. "I remember everything else about Hell, but I don't remember one thing about you coming for me."
Gabriel ambled over to the loveseat and sat down. He bent forward, face cupped in his hands, suddenly looking much more serious.
"What is Sam like?" Castiel asked. as Dean parked the Impala.
Dean hadn't known this.
Dean sighs and leans into him, kissing him again. Pulling away, he glances down at Castiel, whose glasses have almost fallen off his face by now. A smile creeps onto his face. "Say it."
Dean stampedes into their mercifully tiny apartment, whooping, yelling. "I'm a genius! I am a goddamn genius!" He yells. "Cas, baby, where are you? We have to celebrate!"
Dean crawled into bed next to Cas, who immediately reached for him in the dark, which showed Dean that he had been waiting for him for the last six hours. He sighed contentedly and pulled him in close. Cas nestled into his typical spot, his head on Dean's chest.
"Dean? Is it really you?"
"Well for one thing, he grew up in foster care. His entire family is dead or just gone, I don't know, he wouldn't talk about it." Dean said. Normally he wouldn't reveal this kind of information to anyone, but it was Jo, and he trusted her with everything.
"And you can't throw lamps at me." Cas countered.
"How didya find me?" He blubbered. "Oh God, Cas, I am so sad. I was such a dick to you. I'm sorry, Cas. God, Sammy. Sammy is gone."
Gabe answered them at the door, sporting a truly a ridiculous purple velour suit. "Ladies and germs! Welcome! You're early, but I'd expect nothing less.
Cas sat down on the couch. He had a blank expression on his face, but he was still alive and he was on Dean's side, which counted for everything.
"All of them are private?" He asked, fishing for information.
Dean straightened up, wiped his eyes. "Why are you here, Gabriel? Or should I call you Loki? Or are you going by God now?" He said.
"You're… welcome?" Castiel said, sounding a little confused.
Dean pulled away from Cas and stalked over to the demon. Crowley stood there, clad in a tuxedo, his hair and facial hair remarkably groomed for someone who was now in charge of Hell.
"Only yours." He murmured.
Jo made a face when Cas said that, but continued. "Come on, Dean. Have a little fun. You can bring your civilian clothes if you want to change. But everyone there will be dressed like this. It's our last Halloween together. Don't you want to go out with a bang?"
"Dean, are you actually pissed off about this? Come on, be a bigger baby." Jo said.
"I don't know, man. I wasn't all there. He came the day the day before they let me out. He lectured me about taking my meds, even though that wasn't… the reason for it. He gave me some movies and some car magazines, even though that's your thing, and then he left." Sam said.
Dean tapped the side of his head, "How's it going up here?" He asked.
Castiel cleared his throat. "Mary, I just wanted to tell you something. Earlier, you said you ruined my holidays. That's not true. You didn't. Not at all."
"Yeah, when he's lucid… well, he's almost like he's the same as he was. He's not as sharp as he used to be, you know, but he's still got it. He caught your awkwardness immediately."
face now.
"Cas?"
"He's calling you?" He muttered.
"Are you talking to my crotch?" Castiel murmured, seemingly unaware of the miniature revelations Dean had been having all morning.
"See, Dean gets me. Dean, you think Princess Leia is a babe, right? What about you, Cas?" Charlie said.
Castiel cleared his throat. "I know this might sound a little ridiculous, but maybe I could draw him something? Something small, light-hearted, like a cartoon that reminds you of him? That way it'd be personalized." Castiel looked embarrassed at his suggestion.
Castiel didn't move, so Dean leaned down and tugged Castiel up by his shoulders, so they were face to face. He leaned in and planted a kiss on Castiel's lips.
"I told him I was leaving him for good. I told him that he drove Dean away for two years and that it was over. He went crazy."
Dean was so relieved.
"Cas, you're not a freak." He said softly, staring at this enigmatic, strange new friend of his.
"You do?" Castiel asked stupidly.
"Cas, you were 12. You were a kid." Dean said.
"Your otherness? What do you mean by that?"
"Awesome!"
The next morning, Dean felt like Satan himself had crawled out of the pit and repeatedly screamed "GOOD MORNING, VIETNAM!" at him while simultaneously using his intestines as a punching bag.
"Why don't you put the beer down?" Dean said easily. "Come on, put it on the table.
Dean and Castiel started meeting once or twice a week at the library. Dean started waking up at 7:30 instead of 8:00, so he could make it to social theory by its 8:10 starting time. His other classes were cake. Sensory neurobiology? Simple! Human genetics? Fascinating! His capstone class next semester, the Advanced Study of Molecular Biology of Human Disease? It was going to be absolutely fucking wonderful. A 200-level political science class? It was his downfall, which Dean found almost embarrassing. Bit by bit though, Castiel was helping Dean understand the pointless rhetoric of this introductory political science course.
Cas turned to him. His face was still stunned, but the pain was gone from his face. He didn't say anything, just grabbed Dean and gave him a sloppy, disgusting kiss right on the mouth. He released him and then Dean heard something magical, Castiel was laughing. It wasn't a chuckle either. It was raucous, uncontrollable laughter. It was the first time he'd ever heard Castiel laugh like that, as an angel and as a human. It was absurd, and it also made Dean feel better about everything. It was the best sound he'd ever heard.
"I couldn't open the pickles." He sobbed. "I can't even open a fucking jar of pickles."
"I'm sorry. Should I have made you go?" Castiel asked, not really seeming like he cared too much.
"Wow." Dean muttered. It was all he could say.
"That's not exactly difficult for people to see, Dean." Castiel said, raising an eyebrow at him and smiling.
Dean hadn't meant to say it, especially not with everything so raw from the previous day's happenings. Right now was the definition of wrong time, with the strange heaviness of the holiday and Castiel's vulnerability in the air. This didn't mean that Dean's feelings about the situation had ever changed. They hadn't spoken too much about it, but Dean had wanted him to come with him. He wanted Castiel to quit his job, leave the town he loved and move to the city with him. Dean wanted Castiel with him in no matter what he did. It was selfish, but no matter how much Dean rationalized it, this is what he wanted.
"I'm not sobbing, so no worries." He said. "That was just… probably the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me."
"I'm not done. Cas. You should know, blood doesn't always mean family. I mean, hell, look at my dad. Anyway, I want to tell you why I love you; I want you to know each little thing about you that drives me crazy."
"Get the fuck away from me, before I beat the living shit out of you, you fucking pansy." Dean bellowed.
"Bitch."
"What did he do to her?" He kept his voice tight and controlled.
"I am not sure if I could be like Sam." Cas said gently. "And Dean… I think it's a bit soon to be getting… bloody. And Dean… wouldn't you like to know something else besides death and blood?"
"Don't worry dude… we'll go steal you some clothes on our way to Bobby's." He said, trying not to laugh because clearly Cas was offended.
Sometimes a kiss is just a kiss. With most of the people Dean had been with, kisses had been nothing more than a prelude to sex or hooking up. He had kissed a lot of people during his 26 years. He no longer remembered every name and he had even kissed Jo on more than one occasion, typically when some kind of intoxicating substance was involved. To him, kissing meant nothing. Kisses were nice, like a breeze on a warm day, but ultimately Dean had always found them inconsequential.
Dean glanced at Castiel in the mirror. He looked embarrassed. Dean caught his eye and winked.
loved him. He just didn't say it to many people, preferring them to say it first. Dean figured that people who were in love were there for each other. Dean knew he was there for him and that eventually he would have to let Cas be there for him in the same way. In the dark Dean resolved let some more of his walls down. Dean wanted Castiel to stick around, so he guessed he'd just have to ease Castiel into what his family life was really like. Right now, it felt like it was him and Castiel against the world. Unfortunately that world included horrible abuse and a schizophrenic brother. Dean thought their collective dark pasts. Castiel's baggage was uniquely his own, but Dean had to share his with hospitals, doctors, insurance companies and the three (two?) members of his family. Lying there with Castiel, but wordlessly retreating to darker corner of his mind, Dean wished silently that he didn't have a family.
"You need to be as prompt as you can be." Mary interrupted. "Come on. Now."
"Yep. These idjits make life worth living." Bobby said affectionately. "Hell, we're family! Even when one of us disappears for two years!"
"Sam, Adam, Bobby and Jimmy are the victims here, Dean. Not us." Cas said softly. "I may be human, and you may be… well, suicidal, but we are alive. We are here on earth. We have a second chance to do whatever we want with our lives. That is an opportunity that Jimmy, Sam, Adam and Bobby will never have again. Sam and Adam deserve this opportunity too, which is why we have to spend some of our second chance trying to get them out."
When his mother left to go find Sam, Dean let out a strangled breath that he had been holding in.
"Maybe he has what Sam has." She said, almost talking to herself. "Dean, he was out of his mind. Maybe he's the reason Sam is sick. We know it's genetic."
"Because you're just so cute, Winchester. We can't help but give you trouble." Balthazar said cheekily. "Well, I'm off. There's a brunette in Brazil I want to visit before I leave this realm."
"I want my own life too, Dean." Sam said suddenly. "I want to go to school, I want to date, and I want to get a job. I want to live with this disease, not have the disease live with me."
After some more sleep and more Christmas sex, he and Castiel padded down the stairs to greet the Winchester family. Sure enough, Mary Winchester had made a large breakfast for the four people staying in the Winchester household. Sam was already awake, which surprised Dean because he usually slept in until 1 or 2 during holidays (and these days, all of the time), and he was sipping coffee and reading the paper. For the thousandth time since he'd arrived in Lawrence, he was struck by how normal Sam seemed.
"Yes, and you did Heaven a service taking him out. You are a great warrior, Castiel. You are one of Gods favorites because he knows you will do anything to protect his creations, to protect earth. But we are God's children too and it is time for you to repay your debt to Heaven."
"Metatron is dead." She snaps, a little too sharply, making Castiel think for a brief second that he's not. "Now, it is your duty. You must protect it, bring it home, keep it away from the demons and others who seek to destroy us."
That was another thing that bothered Dean. He had no idea if Cas felt the same physical pull to Dean as Dean did to him. He didn't know if Cas even knew about sex, if he had ever even kissed someone before last night, or if Cas even had a sexuality. In the two years he'd known the angel, he'd always assumed he was asexual. This changed after Dean met Anna, who professed that some angels just loved sex, but he had never gotten that vibe from Castiel.
"This better work." Dean muttered to himself. He was sick of bleeding. He used his free hand to finger the Colt, which was in the waistband of his jeans.
"I'm more into Han Solo, myself." Castiel said, waggling his eyebrows at her. He took an enormous drink of his margarita.
"I found him in the kitchen, talking to himself. He was muttering things I couldn't really make out. He accused… a demon of wearing my face. He didn't come after me though, he was just yelling at me, and then talking to himself, or someone he thought was next to me. I don't know, I called 911, I didn't know if he'd come at me if I tried to talk him to the hospital myself." She said.
Dean shook his head mournfully. "I'm sorry, Sammy. Bobby is at peace now. That's what they told us. He's with his wife. It's hard for me too, but… he's at peace." He said.
Dean understood everything now. Except now that he did, he wasn't sure he wanted to continue with what he had started with Castiel. It was just like his feelings about Sam, but they were happening with someone else. Dean stared at the ocean, longing for it, but he remained tethered to the rock, to the man sitting next to him.
"I know it hasn't been easy being related to me." Sam said. "But Dean, I'm doing really well. After what happened in November, they adjusted the meds and I'm pretty much back to normal again. That whole thing, well, it could have been worse."
"What are you supposed to be, huh Cas? A dirty old man in the park? Really, Jo, he gets to wear his goddamn trench coat, yet I'm expected to wear
"But who would be upset by that? I would love to receive an aquarium, especially if it came already outfitted with fish." Castiel said, looking genuinely confused.
"You slept?"
Dean felt a coppery taste fill his mouth. Just hearing Cas tell this story was enough to make him literally hurl. The memories were so clear to him now. He had been an animal. He was an animal who deserved to be down in Hell for eternity. The things he done down there.
"I can't believe it. I can't believe you did it." Jo said in disbelief. "How bored were you while we were gone?"
"Dean! Dean!" A distance voice yelled. "Look at me!"
Charlie got up and moved to Castiel's side of the table. Dean snorted. He didn't know why Charlie and Jo had been implying that he and Castiel suddenly hook up. Charlie had been the one to 'recognize his beauty' and now she was acting like he was the second coming of Christ just because he liked some weird-ass electronic noise. Jo scooted over and came to Dean's side of the table.
Dean planted another kiss on his throat, that same sensitive spot that was his weakness and Cas gave in to his advances. Suddenly, it was a battle of tongues and mouths, and before Dean knew it, Cas had him pinned against the counter where the night before they had stood peeling corn on the cob. Dean slid back onto the counter, astonished and completely turned by Cas's sudden dominance. He pushed his mouth onto Dean's, kissing him as if it were the last time they'd ever get the chance. Cas tugged at his belt buckle, literally ripping it out of the belt loops. He moved his mouth down Dean's neck, scraping his teeth against his skin, drawing what Dean was sure was blood. He gasped in a mixture of pain and pleasure. Suddenly Cas seemed to get one last burst of angel strength, which he used to tear Dean's shirt in half and to shove him back onto the counter hard enough that it hurt. Cas leaned over him, pulling off his pants in one swift motion. He pinned him to the counter with yet more of that that last burst of angelic energy. He gazed directly into Dean, his eyes red hot with lust and what Dean thought was rage.
"I KNOW!" He shouted. "Fucking shit, Jo, I know better than anyone what he could do, because he's done it and I've taken care of it. You don't need to lecture me. Goddamnit." He swore, staring at the ceiling.
"I can't help it, Char, I'm just not good at waking up before 10am." He said.
"He likes horror movies? The Halloween ones?" Castiel said.
"I guess if I do, you'll just bring me back." Sam muttered to him.
Dean yelled.
"You'll do it? You?" Dean asked in disbelief.
"Nice for you to come back, fucker." Ash said, grinning at him. "Hey, Sam."
Dean laughed again. "You sounded just like Jo there. Keep that up and we'll never do this again."
"Cas, I think you should chill for a moment. We're all pretty drunk. Come on, come back to me." Dean said, motioning at him.
Cas looked at him soberly. "Dean… by the time I came back… by the time I was me again, Bobby was gone. His body I mean… I searched for it, I even tried to see if I could still sense him… but there was nothing. Bobby is dead and I don't know where his body is or what took it."
"That man beat the hell out of mom. That man doesn't know us. He's a terrible person. I'm going to give him a taste of his own goddamn medicine!"
"Hearing about your childhood, the one you shared with your brother, Jo and her brother… it just kind of… I don't know. It hurt." He admitted. "Seeing the Singers, who are truly wonderful people, seeing how they were with their children and with you and Sam, that hurt too."
After bear hugs from Bobby and Ellen and half-made plans with Jo and Ash, Dean, Castiel and Sam were finally driving back to Mary Winchester's house. Castiel was sullen in the backseat and Dean still couldn't ask why. So he brought up the white elephant that had been in the room. The white elephant that looked like a certain blonde matronly figure in his life.
"Cool." Castiel said, actually sounding like he meant it.
Groaning with a roll of his eyes, Dean marched to look at the werewolf that had wrestled Sam. Its bestial form had subsided, returning to a human body. Dean reached down, turning the body over.
. One who was willing to sacrifice everything for his brother and most everything for Humanity. He had fought harder and longer than some of the angels within Castiel’s own Garrison to protect Humanity as God commanded. In this way, perhaps Dean
Maybe it’s because all you know how to do is hurt. Your touch is poison and it drags him down,
“If you get Rowena on the horn, I’ll start looking into the ghost theory.” Dean offered, flipping the small television set on and flickering through channels until something brightly colored appeared. Satisfied with the distraction for Jack, Dean moved back over to the table and shooed Sam out of his seat.
He turned to look at Sam, whose brow was furrowed. The face was one that Sam made over his morning crossword. When he was hunched over for research. The puzzle-solving face of Sam Winchester. Then his eyes widened, then there was the lightbulb, then there was—
is no different than my marred Form, is it?”
Dean had never considered what a struggle it had been for Cas simply to find him, let alone get him out. He had always wondered, in the back of his mind, what it had been like for both of them.
. "Let's try to go to sleep."
Cas just nodded a little bit, not probing anymore, even though Dean could tell there were questions about John Winchester on the tip of his tongue. Dean flopped back on his back and the two of them laid there in silence for awhile, Dean drifting in and out of sleep. It was warm and comfortable in his old bedroom and even though it had been years, it still felt familiar. He remembered when he and Sam were kids, they would wake up at 5am, while it was still dark, and scurry down the stairs and sit next to the tree, shaking their presents and peeping into their stockings. Sam would always beg Dean to wake up their parents, but Dean always made him wait until the sun rose. He remembered one Christmas, one of the last years when John Winchester had been around regularly, his father had gone into the front yard and drawn reindeer tracks into the snow. Dean was too old for it at that point, but Sam wasn't, so he went right along with his father, feigning shock and excitement. Dean remembered how his father used to smell like coffee and pipe tobacco instead of whiskey, sweat and ash. He remembered the ecstatic smile on Sam's face when he saw the reindeer tracks, how his eyes had lit up and he'd been overcome with so much joy. Sam's eyes didn't light up anymore, but honestly, that was mostly chemical.
"Good morning, Dean." Castiel said, settling back onto his side of the bed. He rolled over on his side and propped himself up with his elbow.. He was clad in a Collins College t-shirt that swallowed up his small frame and boxers. His black hair was wild, sticking out in every direction. His eyes were electric, strangely intent, yet also unfocused. Although he looked ready for bed, Dean knew he'd been awake for hours.
They didn't talk too much about that night. They referred to it in passing as "the night Cas hulked out" or "the night Cas shoved Jo" but that was really it. They had actually made somewhat of a joke out of it, even though it hadn't been a joking matter. More than anything, Dean didn't like to think about it. That night had shown him a side of Castiel he hadn't seen since and never wanted to see again.
"So? Michael Myers is a deaf mute with babysitter issues. Same thing, you know. At least Jason got to go to frickin' space. Now that is bad ass." Dean said, grinning. He leaned forward and set his empty beer bottle on the coffee table.
"Castiel." He mumbled.
"He's been through a lot." Dean said. "And Sammy? Uh, thanks for… well, bailing me out there earlier. I can't believe I didn't mention his whole… not having a family thing."
"He's good." Charlie said, answering for him. "So, Cas… have you seen them live? Oh please tell me you have…"
Dean groaned in pain, rubbing his throat where Castiel had grabbed him.
"What? Why would that matter to him?" Dean said.
"Come here." Cas murmured, motioning at him. "You need sleep, Dean and I know humans sleep better when someone has given them comfort. You were right about one thing tonight, we need to get out of here, and of us needs to be cogent enough to drive tomorrow. I can assure you that will not be me."
"I will, Dean. I promise. And thanks."
"Chill, mom, he's sleeping." Dean said.
"I don't see why it matters. Sleeping is the most non-sexual act I can think of right now." Cas said. "Besides… I think if I was able to observe you sleeping, instead of simply watching over you from afar like I usually do, it might help me to achieve a dream state myself."
"Thank you." Castiel breathed. His eyes quit darting. "Thank you for inviting me into your home, Ms. Winchester."
slow it down with the weeping and the bitching? God, I am so fucking sick of it. You and Sam, always crying, wah wah wah. Poor crazy Sam. No one gives a shit about me. I had to give up four years of my life to take care of that fucker." He said.
Jo's eye twitched and she shot a glance at Dean, trying to glean what had caused the change in Castiel's giddy demeanor. Dean and Jo could usually communicate without talking, but this time Dean had no idea what to say to her.
Dean didn't say anything. Although Castiel was normally very sweet, kind, and funny, with a sense of humor that reminded him of Singer family's humor, he had so much rage and sadness inside of him. He remembered how he snarled at Jo, calling her a "dyke", the destroyed dishes and the paintings that he had slashed with a knife. Castiel was definitely no angel, unless angels were capable of getting PTSD.
"Cas, I am really sorry. Please believe that." He said, sitting down next to him.
"We need to get out of this town, dude." He announced.
"Well, at least that'll prevent you from ever trying heroin." Dean muttered, trying his hand at inappropriate humor. "How much?"
"Cas, how can you be so... shy in public, yet wear that?" Dean asked. He was incredulous. He never thought once that Cas would be caught dead wearing something like his current outfit in public.
"You're… you're welcome?" Castiel said.
Castiel melted into him, sniffling, not saying anything. Dean looked around the apartment to survey the damage. Sometime during the night, Castiel had ripped all of his movie posters off the wall and they were lying in shreds on the floor. There were clothes and shoes everywhere, as if he had pulled them from his closet and thrown them everywhere. There was a DVD player on the floor, the plastic cracked. Dean glanced into the kitchen. There was glass everywhere, broken plates and glasses, and the refrigerator hung open and the microwave was askew. An empty bottle of whiskey sat on the counter, the only glass item still intact, and Dean wasn't sure if Castiel had poured it out or drunk it. Dean was willing to bet it was the latter.
—starved and he will drink his full of Dean Winchester. Consume him until there is nothing left. And then he will pour himself into Dean’s goblet until he can return the favor. And they will continue. For Dean Winchester’s body is the bread that feeds Castiel and his blood is the wine that quenches him.
Releasing the breath that he had not known he was holding, Castiel smiled. “Good.” He spoke genuinely with his throat less dry and his words less hollow. “Now he can have peace.”
Dean choked on a wet laugh, stealing another soft kiss that Cas was there and
for this shit now.
Abby waved him off. “You gotta bring that Cas of yours around. Uncle Ted says he’s been
“Hey, Cas,” Dean returned. He swallowed heavily again, grabbing the book on the nightstand and carrying it over to Cas. Stopping short of Cas, Dean exhaled shakily. “You didn’t hear everything.” The words felt unnecessary given that Cas was already giving him this chance.
Dean grinned, stepping into the room and holding up the food bag. “Heya, kid,” he answered. “Ya hungry?”
make sense was seeing Jack’s bright smile as he pointed to things that they passed.
speech. That sure as hell wasn’t his problem. The damn problem wasn’t even that it was
terrible,” he stuck his tongue out, shaking his head.
“We heard Baby,” Cas said in a way of explanation. “Or,
Smiling, Jack took the seat across from Castiel and mirrored the templing of his hands. “Soon.” He answered instead. “Did you know that when you rebuilt Dean’s soul you stitched him together with your grace?”
Sam gave a relieved-sounding sigh. “
“Something like that,” Cas murmured. “Go to sleep, Dean.”
. Shaggy could understand. Names were pretty complicated sometimes. Or, like, the
Castiel felt annoyance trickle along his very being at the insinuation of birdlike habits. But this was how Dean Winchester communicated. In the same way he referred to Sam as a
“Scoobert?” Castiel furrowed his brow, and his head quirked in a peculiar manner. There wasn’t much about this little trench-coated dude that wasn’t peculiar, but Shaggy wasn’t one to judge. He knew what people thought of him. He
“Now I just wanna survive until
as the second werewolf collided with him. Gritting his teeth, Dean wrestled with the wolf above him, hoping to grab the knife strapped to his side. He mentally cursed Sam for being right about two damn wolves.
Dean stood with a groan as his knees ached. He reached out a hand to help Cas and Jack up, standing tall with his family in their little garden. Keeping their fingers intertwined, Dean didn’t have to think about the sunflowers they left behind.
“Daphne?” Shaggy furrowed his brow. “Don’t get me wrong, man, Daphne is totally cool, but like why would he want to spend time with Daphne and not
?” He hissed through his teeth.
Jack mimicked Dean’s huff, crossing his arms over his chest. “Dylee wanted to look at Baby!”
---” his words are stopped abruptly before he continued in an even softer voice. “Daphne knows what she wants. She always goes after what she wants. If she wanted Fred, then she’d already have him. Because he’s already hers.”
“No harm to me, Cas,” Dean’s voice felt hoarse. He wondered if it sounded as much. “You can read the book if you don’t believe me.” Leaning toward Cas, Dean rested his forehead against that furrowed brow.
It makes Castiel’s stomach ache no less when he sees the hollow faces of the children. The Old Testament God requires Old Testament sacrifice—not that these children know what the Old or the New Testament are yet. Castiel is hesitant, told that they are not to interfere.
Dean closed his eyes, trembling as his hands made familiar motions of teasing him.
. The very core of his being despite how much it had been rebuilt and replaced to keep him alive, to keep him powered.
“Bears nest?” Marissa furrowed her brow before scoffing. Dean could recognize that self-deprecating tone. “I guess so. I sure as hell wouldn’t know.”
Cas hummed, resting his forehead against Dean’s. “I think you have been the only person to ever see me, Dean,” he confessed quietly.
Castiel rubbed at the place over his chest where his heart resided.
Sam reached out a hand to help Dean up. His knees clacked in protest.
Marissa’s bluff called, she dimmed. “I don’t want to hurt him.” She swore. “I
, Cas sounded amused.
to watch the slouch in Cas’ shoulders, no doubt the result of him thinking over Jack’s words.
“Yeah,” Dean sighed, “we’ll take care of it. Promise.”
“Shrek? Really?” Sam scoffed. “How old were you when that even happened?”
. Then all he wanted was to appease her, to stand by her, to feed himself on forbidden knowledge until God struck humanity for its hubris.
,” Dean huffed, whisper hot against Cas’ cheek. “It’s the truth, you stubborn bastard.”
doesn’t know that Daphne digs him. It’s like Cas said.” He gestured to Cas as he continued. “Cas - er, Daph - could totally have anyone she wants, so if she wanted Freddy she’d go out and take him. Fred doesn’t think that Daph wants him, yanno?”
Dean recognized it. Not from the woman in the interview, but from the reflection he had seen in the mirror. In the weeks after Cas had been killed by Lucifer. When Dean had wrapped him in soft, yellow curtains. Placed him on a pyre. Burnt everything he’d ever dreamed of. Watched it go up in smokes, just like his fucking house. Just like
to see you?”
Castiel cast his gaze, watched on as the small babe’s cries silenced at the hushing of his mother. “It is…
“No, you didn’t,” Dean refuted. “If you wanted a burger, you’d’ve ordered a burger.”
until suddenly imploding into a million pieces. Part of Dean hoped he did, the dark part that whispered horribly how he had already chained Cas’ soul here. He hoped he shattered in Cas’ mouth and left pieces of himself between Cas’ teeth. Kept himself there in the warmth of that cavern of stars.
the network, Dean.” His brow was challenging and it was a challenge Dean was willing to concede to. Sammy had worked
Panting, Cas increased his pace, following Dean’s beckoning as the heels of Dean’s feet dug into the small of his back. Dean’s eyes widened, reflecting grace-blue in their depths. It wasn’t often that Cas could feel himself slip, feel his grace shine through in the small moments, but it seemed more apt to happen during these private moments.
“We appreciate it, Dean.” He said finally. “Not only all the people you save, but Jack and I. We appreciate
No more blood. No more blood on your hands. Not after he gave that final prayer. Not even
Scooby nodded sagely. “Reah. Reddy rust roesn’t row rhat Raphne rikes rim.”
“Isn’t it beautiful?” His brother sighs wistfully. “The quiet?”
“I always thought sunflowers were… homey,” Sam confessed, watching the sunflowers dance with a furrowed brow.
A few months later, when Dean was finally trusted with holding Sammy in his arms, he was running out of his burning home.
Sam looked at Dean with one of his charged expressions. Usually, Dean left the witnesses to Sam’s devices. Marissa was a wreck, though, and even Sam’s soothing posture hadn’t seemed to be helping. Marissa straightened in her seat, nodding again.
. Things that are worth hungering
. “But I had Brad. I didn’t… I didn’t want to be alone anymore."
actual and literal God had told him he was the center of his story. Sam and Dean Winchester were the center of the universe for Chuck’s
When they pulled apart—however long it was—Dean held his forehead to Cas’. A lump formed in his throat, closing off his attempt at words. “Cas—”
“I can be very persuasive,” Dean retorted, leaning again to press another soft, earth-shattering kiss to the lips of an angel.
Dean flashed his light toward Sam to get a better look at his face, but the dark of the woods was swallowing even the moonlight. Unless Dean flashed his light into Sam’s eyes, and he’d much prefer a non-blinded Sam on the hunt with him. “What do you mean?”
Cas’ eyes sparked, smile warming like caramel under the soft motel lights. He squeezed Dean’s hand in return.
to meet someone named Castiel.” She chuckled. “I mean, you guys are supposed to be in town for a while, right?”
Dean sighed, rubbing a hand over his face before pulling the keys out of the ignition. He opened Baby’s door, grabbing the bag of food and letting Sam take care of the drinks. Locking the car behind them, Sam and Dean took the quick steps to their motel room. Dean had the other key so he buried his hand into his pocket to retrieve it. Before Dean could unlock the door, Cas opened it with a nod.
Dark hair. Blue eyes. These were things that Dean Winchester found appeasing. Castiel would search for a vessel that the Righteous Man would gaze upon.
Cas. Even—or
he supposed to explain it? It made more sense. Cas didn’t drink all of his soda and that was a waste. Dean didn’t want a whole soda these days. The sugar made his teeth feel weird. It made
Cas paused in his trek toward the bed that held his duffle bag and a sleeping Jack. He inhaled slowly, grabbing the bandages before moving to sit at the table beside Dean. Their knees were a hair’s breadth from knocking against one another. Wordlessly, he handed Dean the gauze and ointment before shifting to place his shoulder between them.
” Jack promised. “
After taking a moment to collect his thoughts, Cas continued. “Why do you think Fred and Daphne aren’t together?”
Dean turned his irritation to Sam. “We’re not
“I do not wish to engage in intercourse with a
Bumbling for a moment, James gawped. “I understand what you mean, Agent.” He turned between the two of them. “But, well, you’re the professionals here. You’re better equipped should you come across the vicious animal whodunnit.” There was another attempt at a smile. “You Fish, Wildlife, and Parks folk are better suited than any of my men to be out there.”
“Yeah,” Sam sighed, closing his phone and leaning back in the seat. “I guess we just have to look into it. Maybe Moira is summoning something.” He raised an eyebrow. “Wouldn’t be the first time we had to stop a witch from summoning a demon.”
, Cas.” He answered much too earnestly and softly. “But for a
Dean felt his gut swoop.
, Dean.” Cas huffed in exasperation.
Cas sighed, averting his deep blue eyes to the laptop screen. “Thank you, Dean, but that’s hardly true.” He smiled wryly. “If Baby were to have such a…
Cas gave his own hum in reply, fingers tracing Enchoian letters on Dean’s forearm thoughtfully. “Well, I guess you could say it all happened in your head.”
Shaggy and Scooby offered one another a shrug before nodding to Cas. “Sure, man.
, Cas growled, the grace reaching within Dean a pleasant, burning sensation. A grouping of feathers drew meaningless patterns on Dean’s chest, tracing the green, burning vision of his scars and grazing across his hardening nipples.
“Ra,” Scooby intervened enthusiastically. “Ri rame is Roobert.”
Dean swallowed thickly, readying his gun in sync with Sam’s motions. Cocking it back, pointing the barrel where the shadow had last emerged, Dean spoke in a whisper. “Didja get a good look?”
after him.”
It’s not a reverent touch. It’s terrifying. It’s shaking and aching and
“That’s not true,” Sam argued. “I mean, Chuck literally said you were the only one who didn’t fall back into line, right?” He pointed with his fork, taking a sip of whatever he had poured for himself into the cup. Probably some Hi-C Fruit Punch flavor.
Cas closed his eyes, blocking off any hope Dean had of returning his gaze. “It’s alright,” his whispered words created a crevice in Dean’s chest. A gaping hole that swallowed him and his failed words. Cas finally opened his eyes, but that grace-blue gaze turned to Sam instead. “I was coming to tell you that Jack had requested I take him out for dinner tonight. I’ll make sure to have him home by ten.”
.” His words were sharp, aiming for something that Dean didn’t know.
Cas had come home with Jack an hour earlier but had remained in the Dean Cave watching a movie with the kid. Dean couldn’t—
? He asked him as much with a raised brow. Sam answered with a purposeful furrow and a thinning of his lips. Apparently, Sam
“Be not afraid,” he spoke to the Righteous Man, but the Righteous Man shuttered.
“For what?” Cas feels his brow furrow, its want to express confusion. But then his eyebrows are jumping for his hairline as Dean’s hands reach out for the lapels of his trenchcoat. “Dean—”
“That sounds wonderful,” Castiel murmured, closing his eyes and inhaling sharply this scent of familiarity in their shared bathroom.
the one who ate the last of his dinosaur nuggets.”
called him sir. The only one who was
“Peachy,” Dean replied, making his way to the front door with Sam on his heels. “Why don’t we hurry up before the food gets cold?”
,” Sam muttered much the same. His strides became longer and Dean felt his lungs burn as he tried to keep up, tried to steady the phone to his ear, tried to calm himself so he could—
, then you would fix her.”
Dean snorted a laugh, shaking his head. “You got that right.” Once the sidewalk bled into the parking lot, Dean’s gaze caught on Cas leaning against the Impala. On his hip sat Jack, his little frog hat shielding him from the sun and his sunglasses reflecting like Baby’s own sheen.
“If you take Pine down on Pine and 3rd, you’ll see Silver Tree right there on the right.” Sam smiled tightly—perhaps effected—but more polite than Dean. “You can’t miss it.”
Sam pursed his lips if only to contain the smirk painting his face. “The
he had to, but that didn’t make it—Dean wanted—Jack
. And he is bursting. The tears leak out and he smiles too wide and he is
Cas sighed, removing Jack’s hat so that he could comb the sweaty bangs out of the kid’s face. “He may have a small soda, but that will be his sugar quota for the day.”
—but he had
do this.
“I don’t mean the barn, Dean,” Cas argued. “I mean the gas station. Or the numerous times before and after that. You chose to ignore me.” He grimaced, turning to look at his body. “That is when I came in contact with Jimmy Novak. To find a form that was more pleasing to you.”
Dean’s words hit him and his eyes widened. He stared off into a spot behind Sam, not looking at anything in particular but gazing. Gazing and wondering what part of him still held their dad aloft on his pedestal. What part of him was still
“Might be a witch,” Dean added, finishing off the burger and gathering up the trash. Jack put his soda on the edge of the table, wiggling and squirming to get off of Cas’ lap. Cas set him down as Dean moved the soda off of the edge. Jack’s little legs carried him to the bed, bouncing until he could reach his toys.
“I swear that I will never willingly leave your side,” Cas sighed, fluttering his eyes shut and leaning to press another sweet and slow kiss to Dean’s lips. When he drew back, Dean felt life breathe back into him again. Inhaled it, gobbled it, choked on it until his tears came anew. “I promise, Dean.”
Cas chuckled under his breath. “I think I might be persuaded.” He teased, dominating eyebrow arching on his forehead in silent challenge.
“See ya then,” Dean signed off, removing the phone from his ear to hang up. He swiped the red button before turning to face Cas. “I know you and the kid usually share a bed but—” he started.
Cas bowed his head to the side as if choosing his words carefully. “Sometimes, people can reach out and touch others. And those…
The second time Castiel feels hunger, the children of God have not yet reached the Promised Land.
” Dean whispers, mouth moving to ghost along the skin of Cas’ ear. Biting into the lobe gently, so gently that it’s more a caress of teeth.
Dean sighed with relief, turning to face his brother. Sam was a little bit bloodied, though hopefully, that was more from the werewolf than him. “Nice timing,” Dean let out another breath.
“Yeah, buddy, Mountain Dew,” Dean promised, handing the small cup to Jack. His chubby hands reached and grabbed it carefully.
Sam furrowed his brow. “How do you mistake a
Cas smiled against his lips, drawing back a fraction to look at him. “Thank you,” Cas whispered again, tracing his nose along Dean’s cheekbone.
thing, Dean.” His large hand slapped reassuringly on Dean’s shoulder, but it did nothing more than shake him further. “I think Cas might be…
books and wanted to name the burger after his favorite character.”
.” Cas’ gaze turned to one of the curtains that a stray breeze had caught as if that were a real clue.
Bowing his head in concession, Cas continued. “Yes, that is true. The Druids meant it more like… trusting one’s gut. Rather than sticking to the story.” He grinned, rocking with Jack in his arms for a moment. “But the honeysuckle is rather hard to kill. That is why it means everlasting devotion.”
The color from Sam’s face drained, a pale and sickly thing as his eyes widened. “Oh, you’re
But it was there. The elephant was named. It was stampeding in Dean’s chest and rioting. Thundering and booming in his ears and sending lightning through his veins. They were here and Dean couldn’t ignore it. Or he could—he
She wrapped her arms around herself, nodding and steeling herself to bid them goodbye. Her eyes glistened with the threat of fresh tears. It made Dean turn to Sam, silently conveying it was their time to leave so that the woman could grieve on her own.
“Oh, we are
Castiel sees the hollowness of Sam’s cheeks as they search for a
. Things that
The Righteous Man was touched by angels. Literally and figuratively. Castiel himself had touched the Righteous Man’s soul, bore his grace into him, and stitched his torn soul together. Placed his body back piece by piece with a few added bonuses. Healed the old liver. Twisted the knee back into place. A few pieces here and there that would have no true bearing on his role as the Michael Sword, but which Castiel hoped the Righteous Man would appreciate.
“Marissa?” Sam called gently. “Can you hear us?”
Yet Castiel hungers. Hungers in a way that makes his stomach ache. Or is that the repulsion of his own actions? Now that he smells as much like brimstone as he does gun oil? There is a kind old drunk who taught a soldier to be a man that knows Castiel far more than any brother in Heaven ever has, and a too-smart brother with too-much self-preservation.
Dean’s body quivered. “You gotta—” his voice wobbled. “You gotta stop staring at me like that, or I’m gonna be finished right now.”
my name, dude. It’s the name I chose.”
There was another moment of contemplative silence, but it seemed Sam had nothing left to say. He knocked on the witness’ door, taking care not to meet Dean’s eye. Dean wondered what that meant. Wondered if Sam felt the same way when he saw sunflowers.
“That seems rather insensitive given that Marissa just lost her boyfriend,” Cas furrowed his brow. “This Moira is pressing charges?”
The bitchface Sam delivered was a familiar one matched with a roll of his eyes. “
Sam and Dean spared one another a look before Sam cleared his throat. “We can’t tell exactly what it is yet, Marissa. That’s why we need your help.”
toward Dean. Apparently, he really
Cas gave another chuckle under his breath, looking from Jack to Dean. “I suppose we should head inside. We're still expecting Sam and Eileen for lunch.”
—on his shoulder.
“He’s waiting.” Jack’s voice rang out, resonating within Castiel’s grace. Once a meager captain, once a seraph, now an archangel for Jack’s reign as God, Castiel could equate his grace to a
his if Cas’ declaration still meant anything, but that didn’t mean—
You can touch him as long as his love is coating your hands.
Dean hummed, closing his eyes and resting his forehead against Castiel’s own. He peered one eye open carefully to catch Castiel’s before closing it again with a smile. “How about you and I go to the lake.” He offered a breathy chuckle. “Off by the pier. Just you and me.” A sharp nose ran gently across Castiel’s cheek, a kiss of skin as Dean tightened his arms around Castiel’s waist.
It is with that thought that they manifest. He feels it more than he can see it. The small light fixture hanging over the table flickers. Dean’s eyes move to take in the wall behind Cas. Wings—full and
Cas sighed, “I know you do.” He smiled sadly. An echo of that night. “I told you.” Looking at his hands in his lap, Cas huffed a laugh under his breath. He pulled his shoulder away from Dean, straightening in his seat. “Regardless, you know what I think of you. You know that I…”
Cas turned to look at him sweetly, that small and endearingly bright smile smothering any shadowed doubt out of Dean’s mind. “I suppose we’ll just have to see.”
Cas hummed, tilting his head with a nod. “They do, in their youth.” He pressed a kiss to the top of Jack’s head. “But when they mature, the sunflowers learn that they get the most light during the morning hours when the sun has just risen from the East.” Bouncing Jack momentarily and causing the boy to giggle, Cas turned to face Dean. “They just learn what’s healthiest for them. It just takes time.”
The emphasis on the word—
, he promised heatedly.
you are, you gotta be the most beautiful sonuva bitch in all of Creation.”
if you’re out with Jack.”
Not at all.
. No bites, so maybe just collateral damage from Marissa beginning to turn and fighting off the transformation. Dean took three strides, placing himself with Marissa and Cas in his line of sight, but not daring to draw closer. Sam was quickly at his side, nearly shoulder to shoulder.
too much for it to be true rather than
Marissa made an attempt to hold the sob that threatened to break her demeanor. “One day I’ll believe that.” Her smile widened, forced but there and stretching at her cheeks. “But for now, please? Please give this to him.” She shook her head. “Haley took me to this dumb clay class and we made these. It doesn’t even look like a fucking dolphin.”
Mocking a frown, Dean held his other hand out behind Jack’s back. His palm felt so large in comparison to how small Jack was. “Did Uncle Sam teach you that?”
Dean huffed, shuffling Jack on his hip. “You can’t just call people over, buddy,” he reprimanded softly.
There is no blood to feed your hunger, but there is love. In this, you are satiated. You are a god made satisfied by a true sacrifice of blood and love. You are a man without purpose now that your brother is protected in the arms of someone who loves him and your son is made God. He has renewed the rain and you hear his laugh in the thunder despite how much you miss him.
Swallowing thickly, Dean traced his fingers over the inscription within the volume that Sam had placed in front of him. His throat felt dry, but his mouth would not salivate. He turned his gaze to Sam, words rasped. “Are you sure?”
Humming, Castiel was not sure that he
Castiel could concur to that, thinking on how they had not changed. They had continued in their patterns until their deaths. The only thing that had differed in their twelve years of kinship was Castiel’s deathbed confession. He grimaced at the thought, thinking of the weight he must have placed upon Dean’s shoulders, knowing that his love for the man had been what sentenced Castiel to death. Yet Castiel could not regret any actions that might have spared Dean.
Dean rolled his eyes, placing the large soda between them on the table. “You never finish it,” he answered gruffly. “Just split mine.”
Jack’s eyes widened. “Mating?” He gaped. “Is that like sex?”
Dean cleared his throat again for good measure, flickering his gaze to Cas. “Nah, I was up. What’s up?”
“Yes, I… suppose that is similar.” Cas spoke over his shoulder, continuing down the hall. Shaggy and Scooby walked behind him a short distance. The arches of the mansion were downright creepy and the windows were awfully spooky, but Cas was a big guy. It was like walking around with another Fred.
, the rumble shook Dean. Dean’s hand flipped the button of his jeans with his thumb, hurrying with the zipper and relishing in the relief it granted him. Cas hadn’t even started anything, only his usual foreplay but with
sanctuary. Though now you are left to wonder if it was never this place but
Jack laughed, standing and placing his hands on Castiel’s shoulders. “Go find out where Dean Winchester placed his marbles.” He winked and released his grip on Castiel before turning back to the board they had been working over. “I’ll be here when you’re done.” Jack grinned. “Think of it like a 9 to 5 for God.”
“Dee,” he called out softly. “Love you.”
Mom looked pretty in her dress, from Dean’s memory of the time. Her skirt swayed in the autumn wind in time with the petals dancing in the breeze. It was ethereal, like a princess talking to animals. Except instead of a squirrel on her shoulder there was a baby in her arms. Dean thought it looked like magic.
"No one expects you to clean up the pieces." Castiel said.
"That's… what he showed you?" Dean said slowly. It didn't seem like something like that would make Cas dance and laugh.
"Mmm, then you might have to give me another one once I've woken up some more." Castiel said, yawning.
"Things are quiet up here?" Dean asked, tapping the side of his head.
"Nothing… I mean… I don't know." Dean said dumbly. He felt his cheeks heat up.
Watching Cas say all this, Dean realized that Cas had no confidence that his abilities would return. He felt sick. Seeing an angel this nervous, this unsure made him feel a hell of a lot worse about his own chances.
"I don't keep a diary. I don't have a vagina." He joked.
"No, no. You stay there. Come home at Christmas. Sammy and I will be fine. I still have some of his college fund left over. I might hire someone to stay with him at night, when I'm at work."
It was 8:00am and for Dean, that was early, especially considering it was a Saturday. Dean stared at Castiel, realizing they had never fallen asleep and woken up together until now. It was these details that defined relationships and these details made him feel like he and Castiel could move forward, despite all of the obstacles.
"Guys, this is Cas. The dude who's going to get me out of this school before my five years are up." Dean said, waving at him as if he were displaying a prize animal at a show.
After begrudging the notes from all of his missed classes from Charlie and convincing her that, no, she could not come with him to watch Castiel teach him the difference between classic and post-modern social theory, Dean set up a time to meet .
"I told her that you'd call this afternoon and that you'd talk to Sam." Castiel said.
Dean was impressed. Mariel actually sounded pretty legitimate for an angel, especially if she was a spy on the Scarface set. Why hadn't Cas summoned someone like her? Dean wished that Cas had introduced him to angels like her, instead of assholes like Zachariah and Uriel. There was so little Dean actually knew about Heaven and angels, except that they were crazy powerful and also tended to be huge pricks. When Cas off-handedly told a story like that, it made Dean interested to meet more angels and it also made him feel depressed for Cas, because that wasn't his life anymore.
"What next, though?" Cas asked.
He watched as Anna said something to Dean about forgiving him. Castiel's eyes went to Dean, who looked absolutely sick about the loss of the fallen angel. Castiel felt something tug at where his vessel's heart must be. The look of devastation on Dean's face was doing strange things to him. He suddenly wanted to release Anna, let her lead a human life, let her die a human death, even though just thinking this was tantamount to treason. Castiel had no idea why he suddenly felt empathy for Anna. After all, she was a traitor. Castiel felt waves of loss and guilt coming from Dean, who had brought the angels to this space, essentially sentencing Anna to death. Castiel wanted to reach out to Dean and assure him that Anna would be okay, even though that would be a lie.
"Their defeat of the evil robots seemed impossible, because they can't fight. They're basically giant teddy bears, only existing to be 'adorable' so bandwagon fans have something to coo over."
Jo glared at him. Her foray into hallucinogens had been a first and last time kind of deal. She hadn't enjoyed it.
The two of them were sitting on some picnic tables, staring at the stars, enjoying the brisk air.
"What tattoo is that?" Castiel said brightly. Too brightly, because he was currently curling his fingers around Dean's inner thigh.
"How are things, Sammy?"
Dean sat there silently. That was a load, a lot to live up to. Cas thought he had a beautiful soul, thought he had a beautiful mind. Normally it was "wow, you have great abs!" or "your mouth is so sexy", but no, Cas was attracted to his soul.
"I can't hear them. I am cut off from Heaven. Just like I was before, after I rebelled. I am just weak right now and so are you. That's why we need to take some time before we jump back into the fight. That's why I ran from the graveyard." He said, evading all of the other questions.
Dean groaned and pulled away. "You are the most immature person I have ever met."
"Screw people. I just need to hunt. It's all I know. You and me, we could be like me and Sammy, saving the world over and over again for their ungrateful asses. We could do it, man. There is always a hunt. There are always things that need killing." He said.
"I got it." Dean said easily. "Come on, Sammy."
The man stands up and dusts himself off, his eyes not once leaving Dean. He's about three inches shorter than Dean, with a gaunt figure lost in a baggy trench coat. He brushes some invisible grass off himself and self consciously cards a hand through unkempt brown hair.
"Bussing, maybe serving. I worked at Applebees for awhile, so I think it'd be pretty easy. I need to save some money."
Castiel nodded weakly. "Okay." He said.
Jo just glowered at him a little bit, but then she smiled. She was finally used to Castiel's weird collection of knowledge about subjects that had little to do with his daily life.
"Jerk."
"Do Jo and I make you feel uncomfortable? Do your other friends?" Dean asked, suddenly feeling guilty about always watching Castiel.
"They're amazing. They're scary as hell, but, man, you have real talent." Dean said admiringly.
She shook her head. "I shouldn't have left yesterday. I shouldn't have gone to him. This is my fault." She whispered.
"Do you want me to come with you?" Castiel asked slowly "I mean, I don't know him, but maybe I could help you pick something out?"
look plastered on his face just in case.
Dean frowns when he sees the regretful, envious look dancing across Castiel's features. Dean had always considered himself unlucky. An absentee, drunken father, a mother who tended to bail when life became too rough, and a younger brother with enough problems to keep Dean occupied until the end of time. He had never considered it from another perspective. This made him feel even worse for Castiel.
Then Castiel did a curious thing. He scooted over to him and rested his forehead against Dean's and reached in and kissed him, so lightly he barely felt it, on each one of his eyelids.
"Dean." Sam said. "Dean, don't."
"I don't know you guys, I was drunk at Seattle Comic-Con last year and this guy drew it for me and I've always really liked it." Charlie said helplessly.
"When did he do that to you?" He asked. Dean could hear the anger in his voice, even though the lawyer was clearly trying to keep it out of his voice.
"No need to be shy, Cas." Dean said. "We're dangerously open here."
"That would be agreeable." The man said, his voice leveling out a little. "I'm Castiel. And who are you?"
"Yes. Make sure to put a speedo and swimcap on the moose. Just because I used to always give Sam hell for wearing that shit. He'd get a kick out of it."
"You're looking at
Jo and Dean were lying on his bed watching Dr. Sexy MD. Jo was wearing a pair of sweats and a bra, sucking diet coke from a straw. Any other red-blooded American male would have found this irresistible because Jo was gorgeous, but mostly Dean couldn't stop noticing how noisily she was slurping.
"It's okay, Mom." He murmured, stroking her shoulder. "I'm sorry I freaked out. I promise, I won't do anything. I swear."
"Why do you look so embarrassed? That's a great idea." Dean said.
"Mom." He said quietly.
"…and it's not complete yet." He finished.
She threw him a middle finger. Dean just laughed and took a swig of bourbon.
"What does your mom think?"
"Once or twice a week. Ellen actually said she could get me a job at Harvelle's, now that I'm out of the hospital." Sam said cautiously.
Dean just shook his head. "It never does."
Charlie clucked her tongue and let out a low whistle. "Damn, Dean-o. I can see why you missed class now."
"Dean. You missed it again." Charlie said, shoving a potato chip into her mouth. "I know it sucks, but you can't keep missing this class. I chose this bullshit over the international relations class for you and you don't even show up half the time."
Castiel just shook his head. "When I woke up, you were gone, I just thought…"
"Love you too, little Joey Potter."
"And?"
Dean made up Sam a place to sleep in the room down the hall from the one that he and Cas shared. He hugged Sam four more times before he turned in and checked on him two more times before actually hitting the hay himself. It was still unreal to him that Sam was here, that his mind was intact, and that he seemed okay with everything that had happened. Was this it? Were they really done fighting?
"Yeah, it's probably for the best. Have you heard from him?"
"You're up early." Dean said.
"Oh god, baby, you didn't do anything. You are so fucking perfect." He said hoarsely, kissing him again, not wanting to stop.
"N-n-ice to finally meet you in the flesh." Castiel said, his eyes widening. He bit his lip nervously and stared at the wall behind Sam.
"Dean, can I ask you something?" Castiel said carefully.
"Dude, don't apologize. It's not a big deal at all. I just don't like talking about it, just like you don't like talking about certain things. You don't need to feel bad about it." Dean said, turning to his friend.
He shook him a little bit and gripped his arm firmly around his narrow shoulders.
Dean groaned and handed over a fake credit card, on which he was dubbed "Angus Bonham."
"Come on, Cas. You know we tell each other when we're feeling like crap now, so we don't get a repeat of our best pictures, 'Cas Shoving Jo' and 'Dean Puking on Castiel's Toms.' Out with it." Dean said.
"If he has a penis, then he's not your type either." Dean pointed out.
"You don't need to explain yourself, Cas. I promise, whatever it is that's bugging you, I won't relate it back to my own crappy life." Dean said. He knew he had a tendency to do that.
"Hey! That's the guy!" Dean said suddenly, pointing across the room. "That's the dude who's going to help me pass social theory."
"Same here." Somehow with that invocation, Dean was able to fall asleep again.
"I'm sorry about that." Dean said, feeling all sorts of terrible.
"Dean, you're nothing like him. You don't need to do this." Sam repeated.
Dean shook his head. "It doesn't matter to me. That's why I want to go slow with him, but I've got baggage too, so no, it doesn't matter. Sometimes it's best to find someone to share your issues with, you know?"
She continues sending copies out and Castiel simply stares at them dejectedly, killing them quickly by snapping their necks or by stabbing them. Naomi senses his dejection and sends out yet more copies that tug at Castiel's heartstrings. More Deans that claim to love him. Versions of Dean that want to protect him. Deans that smile at him easily, mouth in that ever familiar quirk, and offer him a beer. There is no longer any need for vengeful Deans because Castiel will kill them either way.
He cried out, convinced, almost relieved that he was dead, that the fight was over, and that he was in Hell. After all, this is where he belongs: back on the rack. He never should have been pulled out in the first place. It was unnatural and he couldn't even save Sam, even if the two of them had saved the world. He didn't deserve the world and to him, the world didn't matter without Sam. He opened his eyes. Somewhat miraculously, he could see out of both of them.
"Sociology." Castiel admitted, and Dean knew why had assumed he was in that class.
"Well, look at this domestic scene you two have going on here. Quite nice, very Martha Stewart meets the trailer park." An unfamiliar voice said.
"It's not mine to fix." Dean said sorrowfully. He felt so pathetic right now. He just wanted Jo to order him Chinese so they could lie in bed and watch Dr. Sexy MD.
"Thanks, Dean! It is so good to see you, even if it's just over a webcam. I don't know why we haven't done this before."
"Do you… have to take anything?" Dean asked. He'd been wondering if Castiel was in any kind of treatment since that day at the park. That day, he'd desperately wanted to suggest it, but it almost seemed ridiculous considering everything Castiel had told him.
Dean hesitates. Castiel is drunk and Dean feels incredibly sorry for him right now. Dean also feels this strange bond with him and for some reason, he was dying to get to know him. Dean rarely felt this way about people anymore and he wasn't sure what it was about Castiel. Coming up to his apartment after a night of drinking almost seems like a bad idea. Then he sees the way Castiel is looking at him, so hopeful, and he remembers what Castiel said about not having many friends, and he can't say no.
Jo kicked him under the table and licked her lips suggestively. Dean kicked her back, harder than he intended because she actually winced. He mouthed her an apology, even though he wasn't really sorry.
"No, and neither would any other demon. Except no demon has the power to pull your brothers out. Even if they could… well, they wouldn't without dragging you and Cas down to the pit in their place. I'm at least nice enough to spare you that mess again."
They sat down in the diner, Dean ordered his usual pile of dead cow, but Castiel took 15 minutes to decide, so Dean picked for him. For his first human meal, Dean decided to go easy on his stomach, so he ordered Castiel chicken fingers and a large coke. When the food arrived, Cas's eyes widened, like he was seeing breasts for the first time.
"What happened?" He asked wearily.
"So, Cas, what's your story?" Dean asked, taking a swig of his beer. He'd been dying to ask this since he had met him.
"You're good at dealing with people like me." Castiel muttered.
Dean stood there, trembling. Images of his father faded momentarily and all he saw was Sam and Cas. He stared at his brother, whose eyes were so wide, so earnest. He saw a brother that he'd raised, a brother who idolized him and didn't need him getting into trouble over a waste of life like their father. He saw Cas standing behind his brother, looking shocked at Dean's sudden outpouring of anger, the full lips that Dean loved so much trembling like he was about to cry. Their faces were so different, yet so similar. Sam had seen him like this so many times and didn't need to see him like this again. Cas had never seen him like this and didn't need to start. Dean felt himself calming down ever so slightly at the sight of these two men who he loved so much, albeit in completely different ways.
