Did Dean realize he was being a bit of a hypocrite? Maybe. But then again, Michael and him had never actually taken any steps in their "relationship".
"I'll take one of those Cauldron Cakes actually," he answered while checking out the rest of the food.
"None of your bloody business," Crowley said with that arrogant look on his face and started to walk away. "I'm finished here. See you later, boys."
of that stupid story, that the guy has turned his entire family against me and that I can't even talk to the one person that helped me through it in public!!!"
you here!" Then something dawned on him. "Wait. If he's been gone this whole time, then who's taking care of you?"
Lucifer dramatically looked at him like he'd just lost his mind. "Sam, this song was created for us!"
However, before he could answer and probably get himself in even more trouble, Bartholomew did so for him.
As soon as Gabriel took a seat at the Slytherin table, he knew exactly how this would end up going. It didn't take him longer than two seconds to establish his first target.
he quickly sent to his little brother. He didn't really expect it to be a problem. Sam was probably even happy he could ride with Lucifer. Which of course annoyed the crap out of Dean.
"Right, those douche bags..." Dean mumbled to himself. "Look Cas, I'm sure they're doing their best in their own weird way, that's not my point. The point is that you're a person. You're just a guy, not a lifeless part in the big machine that's your dad's company. You deserve to be more than that. You deserve to be whatever the hell you want to be."
"That's impossible," Kevin put into words the exact same thing Sam had been thinking, with an almost horrified expression on his face.
When she went for the door without further comment, Gabriel grabbed his stick and basically ran after her.
"Well, then were the hell is he?" He'd thought the Shurley family history had been bad so far but it only seemed to keep on getting even worse.
"What do you think you're doing?" a girl named Rachel snarled at him. She had a look of disgust on her face, as if Dean was some kind of bug that she'd prefer to trample.
"One, Jared's not me - again - and two, who even cares about age if you- How does any of this even- Why are we having this conversation?!"
After he'd announced to Castiel that he was going out, Gabriel made his way to one of his favorite bars. It wasn't a very big one but it was classy and they played some nice music. Oh, and it also usually had some very sexy customers.
"You really didn't know," Dean noted. He'd refused to believe Cas did but it was crazy how well Gabriel had managed to keep this a secret from his family for so long.
He was just about to go and stop Dean before he did something incredibly stupid when someone beat him to it. Sam hadn't paid enough attention to the other kids around to know where he came from but suddenly Castiel was there, walking up to Dean and putting a hand on his shoulder that stopped him dead in his tracks. But Sam wasn't the only one who had noticed.
"Rhetorical question, Cas. A lot, okay? A hell of a lot. Man, I used to date half of the school." For a moment he looked back at all his previous girlfriends. Or at least the ones he could remember. "I mean, there was Cassie. Did I like her. Layla. Lydia. Bela. That one ended bloody though. Emily. Jo for a while, but we were just better as friends. Andrea. Carmen."
Lucifer let out a deep sigh. "Come on, Sammy, we had fun, didn't we? Isn't that what's most important?"
"Yeah, see where that's gotten me," Dean huffed but they both knew Sam was right. Contrary to Sam, Dean wasn't the person to just trust people from the start. Everything but actually.
"Wow there," he said, stopping the door just in time. He looked at the person coming out of the building and was met with the most amazingly blue eyes he'd ever seen.
For the full two days they hardly spoke to each other, only exchanging the formalities. Saturday evening Sam moved to their dad's room. Just for sleeping though, somewhere that wasn't in Dean's near proximity. When Bobby came up and found him there, already asleep, he muttered a curse and went to sleep on the couch, because apparently the boys had forgotten he was still there. He decided to just let them be for now and hope they would quit the drama soon enough.
life. What do you like, what don't you like, hobbies, plans for the future, secret desires, that sorta thing."
Sam was already opening his mouth to protest, so he quickly added, "It's not a party or anything, just us, hanging around together, have some fun you know."
"You tell anyone about this, you'll have me to deal with," Dean warned him, but he couldn't keep a big grin from his face.
He wasn't used to drinking - at all - and it didn't help that he'd started with what apparently had been vodka. Still, despite of his lack of experience, how, for heaven's sake, was it possible he hadn't noticed he'd been drinking alcohol the entire evening?
Sam had a feeling he was supposed to know who this "Bob-o" was but he honestly didn't have the slightest clue. "When do you think you'll be home?"
His friend shook his head. "Don't be. Maybe I was wrong for allowing myself to become this close to you, I don't know, but I do know that you make me feel... almost free."
Of course he didn't really want to go. He knew all too well everything about the school would remind him of Jess and he didn't exactly look forward to people asking him questions, whispering behind his back or just staring at him sympathetically either.
His boyfriend smiled at him. "So, does that mean..." he started, taking a suggestive step closer to Sam, who rolled his eyes.
When they arrived at their destination Sam had difficulty keeping his mouth closed. He'd seen the house before, once or twice when passing by, but he'd never really looked at it. And he certainly hadn't when all the lights were on, music booming from the inside and teenagers walking in and out with their drinks.
When they were ready Dean drove them to Lisa's house and then to Jess' and Charlie's, where Benny and Kevin had arrived in the meantime. The Impala wasn't big enough to seat them all, so Charlie drove the others in her own car, following closely behind Dean, because he was the only one who got Balthazar's address.
It was surprisingly easy to find the Shurley boy with the golden hair. Maybe even a bit too easy. As soon as Sam spotted those defying ember eyes, the guy's lips curled around his lollypop in an arrogant smirk, and Sam marched towards his goal. The Trickster's smile grew wider... and then he turned around and started walking away.
When they got to school the next day, Dean had made up a pretty nice plan to get Cas to spend more time with him, and hopefully teach the guy how to have some fun since that didn't seem to happen at the Shurleys'.
Charlie had been going through a small notebook she'd taken with her on the train but now looked up from it. At first the girl just smiled mysteriously but when her two friends seemed to be taking this very seriously, she laughed. "Well, I didn't. Or not that I'm aware of at least. I didn't really have a preference anyway."
John rolled his eyes. "There's no evidence for that whatsoever, Mick. Everyone knows it's just gossip. Anyhow," he pointed his attention back at Dean and Michael, "he's very nice so you don't have to worry about him. I think that's all there is to say, really. Well, except maybe that Gryffindors are said to get along best with Hufflepuffs and worst with Slytherins, but that's only if you believe the stereotypes of course."
Sam was about to assure him that it was fine when it finally dawned on him that Castiel Shurley was in his house, having breakfast in his kitchen, wearing his brother's clothes. He'd have to ask Dean about that later.
"I don't know, Dean. It's not like I've talked to him about it," Castiel sighed. He was clearly done with this conversation, but Dean wasn't.
Dean laughed. "Crappy names, right, yeah now I remember. Okay." He started typing. "'Supernatural'... 'director'... Oh hey look, suggestions say 'Jensen Ackles' and 'Misha Collins'. Huh, guess we're so good they let us direct some too," he grinned. "Alright, and 'Rich'... enter."
His brother just squeezed him a little tighter. Eventually he let go of Sam but his hand remained on his shoulder and he looked worried. "You good?"
Castiel smiled again, but the gesture didn't reach his eyes. "That's very kind of you, but I probably shouldn't. Maybe another time."
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration and muttered, "Just get to the car, Sam, or I swear..."
When Sam walked into the living room to take a seat on the couch, Dean was right behind him, obviously still waiting for answer. Just then, Castiel Shurley suddenly walked out of the kitchen, looking confused. Sam should probably have been surprised but he honestly barely even registered the guy was wearing Dean's clothes. Meanwhile his brother was still staring at him expectantly.
"That's very nice of you but I should probably sit with my family," Cas answered without even looking up.
"Hi," he brought out in surprise, feeling a little bit guilty. He was aware he hadn't been a great friend to Kevin lately. They always got along well, had a lot in common and basically had been friends for years. But now it felt like ages ago since they'd had a proper conversation. Which probably was also the case. After Jessica's death Sam had shut out all of his friends, even Kevin. Although he felt bad about it, at the time he needed his space and he appreciated his friends respecting that. Then Lucifer had come along and Sam had unexpectedly felt a little bit more like his old self again. But he had to admit that with the arrival of his new friend he had forgotten about his others a bit.
"I questioned him, asked him why, something I - hell, none of us - had ever done. And you know what he told me? He said he loved them better. And that was the reason why."
Another hushing and an angry look from the librarian made Sam quickly stand up and putting away his things before dragging Lucifer out of his chair. "We're leaving. Now."
"Hey." Dean grabbed him by the shoulders and turned Michael to face him. "This isn't your fault, okay? It's not your fault your brother is an asshole and it's not your fault he came into our lives. And honestly, becoming friends with you is one of the best things that ever happened to me."
Sam shook his head, but a small smile was already appearing in the corner of his mouth. "You know what, Dean, fine. Do whatever you want. But if this thing blows up in our faces, I'm blaming you."
Sam decided to ignore whatever sexual pun that could have been and instead he moved closer and looked Lucifer straight in the eye. "Tell me."
"I think he wants to. Your happiness seems... important to him," Castiel said, his eyes back on the game.
His first period was biology, which was okay. Sam went to sit at his usual spot and got his books out. His classmates were doing the same thing and as everyone was in and the second bell rang, their teacher went to close the door. She was just about to shut it when someone came racing through. And it wasn't just anyone.
When he was done, Castiel noticed Dean trying to tell his brother some sort of summary of what Gabriel had just said.
"Of course that's okay," Dean told him in a soft voice. He was still trying to wrap his mind around the fact that Cas was actually willing to do this, to go behind his own brother's back to be friends with Dean. He had absolutely no idea what he'd done to deserve it.
When Dean got home, Sam was already there, sitting on the couch and texting with a smile on his face that nearly screamed 'crazy in love'. Dean felt like slapping himself in the face and wondered how he could've possibly missed that. They were brothers, for God's sake.
"Because. There are these crazy rumors about them. See that guy in the front? I'm guessing he's the eldest one. Apparently their father got him a position in his international company, just waiting to be claimed when he graduates. And one of the other older brothers dropped out of school last year, just so he could become his father's secretary. It's like he has this job just lying around for every one of them."
How the hell was he supposed to answer that? "Well, if you ever do, I'll come right with you just to kick his ass."
Sam knew he shouldn't. But if tonight was gonna be something special... It was only half a day after all... He let out a sigh and made up his mind. "Okay."
Okay, maybe this conversation was getting a little out of hand. And as much as he loved talking to Lucifer, he knew he was gonna regret it first thing in the morning if he stayed up any longer.
Dean let out a mocking laugh. "I just kinda dumped the girl I was supposed to marry, what do you think?"
Lucifer sat up but the frown didn't disappear. "Did you talk to your brother?" he asked. "I wouldn't be surprised if he still believed Michael."
Cas smiled shyly and shifted around a bit before starting, "Okay. So there are a lot of different kinds of bees and they all differ genetically, which also slightly influences their behavior. Now studies have shown many levels of genetic variation can occur on a relatively small area. Turkey for example has a particularly large genetic diversity of a race called
Sam smiled a little while watching his brother join the other Gryffindors with that broad grin on his face. He was happy Dean got the House Sam knew he'd wanted. Now it was his turn.
"No, hey," Michael was quick to say. "It's alright. I understand. Thank you for being honest with me."
Not even remotely surprised, Sam rolled his eyes before sharing what he'd found out. "First of all, yes, Hogwarts is a castle. As are most wizarding schools by the way. It's a lot older than Ilvermorny but as far as I could tell, the two are very similar. Probably because the founders of Ilvermorny based our school off of Hogwarts. So yes, Hogwarts has Houses too, four of them, just like Ilvermorny, although they do represent different values. They're called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Slytherin. I looked into them a little bit more and I think it's safe to say I will be sorted into Ravenclaw, Dean into Gryffindor, and Adam, you'll probably be in Hufflepuff."
? Maybe he only reacted this way because of what had happened to Jess, but it somehow infuriated him. This wasn't a joke, this was painful, even dangerous!
Twenty minutes later they were on their way to the set. The drive was mostly quiet, being it because Sam and Dean were keeping an eye out for anything that might be of use to them or because they simply didn't know what to say in the presence of a complete stranger. Okay, they remembered Clif's name now but that wasn't exactly enough to make it easier to have a conversation. Of course Clif didn't know that.
Sam thought to himself and quickly made his way after the Trickster. He was led throughout different hallways, up and down staircases, out of and back into the school building, and Sam couldn't help but recall the time when the Trickster had given him a private tour past all of his victims.
Sam tried to slap his hand away but Lucifer was too fast, so instead he decided on just bitchfacing him.
Sam's eyes grew big and if looks could kill, the Trickster would've turned to ash in the blink of an eye. "You son of a bitch."
He clicked on a website called OneLove.Com (he was really surprised by the lack of creativity) and stared at the red letters beaming on the homepage.
Dean took a deep breath. He knew Castiel was right, he had brought the guy here for a reason. "Okay fine, I'll talk. Dude, ever since you told me about your brother's... interests, I can't shake this weird feeling in my gut. It just pops out of nowhere and I don't know what it means, alright? It's just... there, making me think some pretty weird shit."
"Fine, whatever." Sam didn't even know why he had thought Dean could ever forgive anyone who did as much as touch his car. Not that it mattered. "Anyway, what did you need to talk about?"
Dean drove home their girlfriends and eventually they arrived at their own house. For once Dean was grateful their dad wasn't around enough to bother staying up for them. Somehow he managed to get Sam into bed, then put a glass of water and some aspirin on the nightstand and bucket next to his brother's bed, just to be sure. You never knew if it might come in handy.
Lisa threw her hair over her shoulder and leaned closer to the three of them, as if she was going to tell some big secret. "Okay, so apparently this insanely rich guy Chuck Shurley yesterday moved into the mansion at Cross Road with all of his children."
He immediately noticed Kevin and Charlie at their usual spot and felt relieved. As he walked up to them, Charlie noticed him, and to his surprise she came up to him and hugged him tightly. Sam didn't know what Kevin had told her but apparently she knew enough. He was just about to thank her when he automatically checked for Dean... and didn't see him at his side.
Alright, so maybe Cas didn't feel like talking about it and Dean didn't want to push him. "Okay then. Anyways, I promised to call so... I just got back from Michael... Didn't really go well..."
"I don't know, Dean," he yelled, pissed because his brother wouldn't believe him. "It tasted like water, I swear, I had no idea!"
Comment your House! (because now I'm curious) (Oh also, if anyone's interested, I'm Gryffindor and Thunderbird and I'm damn proud of it :D)
Lucifer let out a sarcastic laugh. "I was actually happy he did. Michael would help me out, I was sure of it." His voice dropped until it was nearly a whisper. "He would never let me down."
In the meantime, Sam and Lucifer were still sitting on the couch in quietude. Sam was leaning his head on Lucifer's shoulder and his boyfriend had put an arm around his shoulders but that was about it. Lucifer was lost in thought and Sam wanted to give him all the time he needed to come back to him. So he waited, thinking about his brother. He couldn't help but wonder if Dean knew the whole story and tried to convince himself he couldn't. Because if he did, he wouldn't be friends with Michael anymore. Sam had to believe that. He'd never thought much of Michael and the other Shurleys but this... No, even his brother wouldn't be on their side anymore if he'd heard the truth. Dean might act all though and just but he was also righteous. He'd realize what was wrong or right eventually. And then he'd understand why Lucifer was the good guy in all of this.
"No thanks, I'll manage. But hey, I'll see you at school, right?" Dean said, already starting to walk away.
"Actually it's Misha," fake Cas corrected him. "You know, just in case you didn't read the marriage license when you signed."
He arrived at the garage and greeted his co-workers Bobby and Ash, before going to put his stuff away. He got out the salad Sam had made him, although it should have been his lunch. It didn't matter. He was hungry now and it wasn't like he'd taste the difference anyway.
"Pretty much, yeah," Dean admitted, automatically looking away out of embarrassment because no matter what, talking about his feelings would never be the older Winchester's thing.
"Where the hell have you been?" Michael hissed as soon as he spotted him. "We've been looking for you everywhere!"
Sam took a deep breath and forced out the words he'd been practicing in his head. "After Jess and what happened to her, I didn't think I'd ever be ready for another relationship. Honestly, I still don't know if I will be."
He took a deep breath, pushed his thoughts of Cas aside and forced himself into the role of a decent husband. "Look, I know I've been a little off, alright? I- I guess I just need a little time, okay? Can you do that for me? Give me some space?"
Sam on the other hand was enjoying life to its fullest. And Lucifer. The two of them were always together, at school, after school, during the weekends. Never at Sam's place though. He still hadn't told Dean, or any of his friends for that matter, so they spent most of their time at Lucifer's, in The Cage, in town, sometimes Sam even dared to take his boyfriend back to the library, although he always felt guilty towards the librarian afterwards. Point was that Sam was happy. He and Kevin had had a couple more gaming nights, which had been a lot of fun, Dean had stopped complaining about Lucifer and it was pretty damn clear his brother wasn't hanging out with Michael anymore. Everything considered, there wasn't a single thing that was holding him back from being with Lucifer. And celebrating that.
Dean managed to get Sam out of the house while sending a text to Lisa and Jess to come find them and tell their friends they were leaving.
"I don't know if that's true and I don't want to cause trouble, but I think that wasn't the worst idea," Castiel commented.
When Richard finally pulled away from him, there was a playful sparkle in the guy's eyes that reminded Sam even more of the archangel. Okay, he really had to stop thinking about Gabriel. Seriously. The guy was dead. This time final. End of story. And since when was Sam his biggest fan anyway? Sure, in the end Gabriel had been on their side, but the angel had pulled a lot of crap too. Sam had forgiven him for that a long time ago but that didn't explain why he didn't mind kissing his spitting image.
again, kissing Dean on the cheek, being it a little closer to the corner of his mouth this time. "Now come on, let's finish this so I can take you upstairs."
The ball hit Castiel's head and he looked up at the napkin, almost shocked. A frown appeared on his face and he tilted his head in confusion. This was odd. He'd seen situations like this happen but they never happened to
"Okay, so maybe he didn't realize what he was stepping into - probably still doesn't - but he did agree on the two of us having a little conversation."
. Speight plays a recurring role, the Archangel Gabriel, originally thought to be a "Trickster" or Loki, in the WB/CW series
A little bit taken by surprise Dean replied, "Uhm... Yeah sure, man. I mean, I still have to check in with my dad, but that'd actually would be great, thanks."
That remark made Sam look at the screen again and his eyebrows shot up in surprise. "Literally," he huffed.
Besides, he would get over Dean soon enough. If Michael wanted to, he could have plenty of admirers lying at his feet. He was handsome, kind and caring, honest and righteous. He knew what it was like to be a big brother, to be responsible for someone and Dean respected that above anything else. He didn't talk often about his brothers but when he did, his eyes lit up with pride. Dean knew what that was like. Michael was one of the best people he knew. Sure, he seemed a little reserved but Dean had come to know he was just being protective over his family. They actually had a lot in common now he'd thought of it. Obviously Dean was a bit more impulsive, shoot-first-ask-questions-later, that kinda thing, but he somehow liked it better that Michael compensated this with his calm, rational nature. They complemented each other. Maybe they would in fact be a nice couple. If Dean wouldn't be straight of course.
"The little accidents, they just won't stop!" he answered, annoyed. "It's like I'm cursed or something, like God is just constantly playing these little tricks on me, it's terrible! Am I? Am I cursed?" He threw his hands up in the air desperately. "Do you have any idea how many times I have fallen or have been pushed or laughed at today?"
Dean started to get annoyed. "Okay, great. Then get your ass in the car and tell us where we need to go."
His friend actually laughed at that, which, he had to admit, made him feel a little bit better. He was trying to figure out what to say next and, more importantly, how to say it. But then, to his surprise, Michael started speaking instead.
"Yup. You were planning on messing with me, so..." he pouted his lips and shrugged, "thought I'd give you a taste of your own medicine before you got the chance. Oh and by the way, the biggest perk of being adopted by the President? You literally learn your magic from the best. Think that through before you ever consider trying to use someone again."
When he finally heard the front door open, he practically ran towards the hallway. He walked in just in time to see his little brother enter the house drenched to the skin.
He thought about it for a moment before answering, "Well, I always loved cars. Or maybe I can become a carpenter or something. As long as I can work with my hands, you know."
"Why didn't you just come home?" Dean asked, interrupting his thoughts. "You could've called, I would've come and pick you up, with or without Cas."
"I'm sure he will be," Michael said, squeezing his shoulder reassuringly and making Dean slightly tense up.
Of course that wasn't gonna stop Sam though. He quickly caught up with his brother and went to stand next to him as Dean unlocked the door. "Well, too bad. What the hell happened to you today, Dean?"
Dean looked around, searching for a way out of this stupid conversation, then realized he didn't really have one. He could either stay here or go back to the game with Michael, who apparently was into him.
Finally, a question he knew the answer to. "Oh yeah no, I uhm... I stayed with De- Jensen and Misha. It was pretty late, we'd all had too much wine and they offered, so..."
He suddenly came to a halt. Jess. How could he have forgotten about her? Sure, the point of his research had been to get his mind off of her, but he hadn't planned on this, on having fun without even thinking about her. Pangs of guilt shot through his chest. He hadn't meant to abandon her...
Dean bit his bottom lip and took another pull. Maybe he shouldn't ask. There was a good chance Cas might get angry at him too. But it was Cas. He wasn't like Michael, he was... Cas. Understanding, helpful, kinda weird Cas. So before he could change his mind, he said, "Cas?"
His older brother pulled up his eyebrows in disbelief. "And you're planning on actually doing that? Sam, we're
"I do!" Sam quickly protested. He was handling this so badly. "I really do, trust me, just... maybe not yet."
While he had first thought that there had to be an emergency, and that the news would have to be bad, Sam could now see hints of a smile tugging at the corners of Dean's mouth before he tried to suppress them. It was quite the surprise, considering basically
Dean thought while taking another bite of his pie. For a moment he allowed himself to imagine what a relationship with Michael would be like. Walking through the hallways at school together, having picnics in the park, they'd already done those things, but now Dean thought of them without all his other friends being there. Well, perhaps their brothers could join them, Sammy of course, Balthazar, Castiel, the tree guy whose name he'd already forgotten, maybe even Zachariah. He would like that actually. They were both way too serious for chick-flick moments, but occasionally they could do these little couply things like holding hands or giving a quick kiss. And of course the sex would be...
Dean was about to reply with something snarky but was interrupted by two teenagers running into the hallway. He looked behind in annoyance, then his jaw dropped when he recognized the first boy as... his brother? His eyes nearly popped out of his head while he watched Sam pass by, laughing loudly, chased by some other guy Dean didn't know. He continued to stare at his younger brother until he turned a corner. Then he turned back to his friends, who seemed just as surprised as he felt.
Sam joined him at the small table. "Yeah, you don't say. Although they really look alike. Seriously, it's creepy. Anyway, what about you? Find anything?"
movie. Sam was incredibly grateful that his friend hadn't pushed him into talking about what happened. He had really needed Kevin's attempts of distracting him, even if they didn't work as well as he wished. They ended up watching more movies than Sam could remember, until Kevin eventually fell asleep on the couch and Sam had to wake him up to go to bed.
From the moment Sam laid eyes on Lucifer, he fastened his pace, a grin already starting to form around his lips. Now that Dean had actually given him the green light, he suddenly couldn't wait for his friends and family to get to know Lucifer.
For weeks he strolled through the hallways at school without really seeing where he was going or who was watching him, until he had found his private spot.
It was as easy as that. Except that it wasn't easy, far from it really. He had a girlfriend. He was at a complete loss for his sexual orientation. And he certainly already had enough on his mind as it was.
. Steam was basically coming out of his ears as he stared at the most valuable object in his life in shock. He quickly walked around her to see if she'd suffered any other harm but apart from the tires she seemed fine. But that didn't change the fact that he was gonna cold-bloodedly murder whoever had done this. Messing with him was one thing but messing with his car...
Almost immediately the Hogwarts students started talking among themselves. They weren't stupid and the smile on Chuck Shurley's face was also kinda hard to miss.
When he got home, Sam asked him about the park but he was too confused to answer. Michael liked him, he actually
They walked down the hall and entered a big kitchen with a living room attached to it. Here too there were these little creative elements to the interior. The Winchesters had only just started looking around and taking it all in when they heard the front door being unlocked again. They looked at each other and at once started back to the hallway. Whoever was at the door could either be dangerous or capable of explaining a lot of this craziness to them.
Sam had expected a lot but not this. Dean acting like an asshole? Yes. Sam getting angry because he had to defend Lucifer? Yes. The two of them ending up even more pissed and torn apart? Yes. Anything but the feeling Dean was giving him now. Guilt.
"I just don't trust the guy," his dad said. "And I don't really expect his children to be any different."
"Well, Sammy here was having a small breakdown, so I was a little bit preoccupied, you see," Dean joked and while patting Sam on the shoulder. "Thinking of it, I promised to fill him in on how things ended Friday night."
"Like someone wants to be put up with you for the rest of their lives," Castiel mocked and the shorter boy started laughing while they got into the bus.
"Well, you're here, aren't ya?" the Trickster laughed. "What better way to lure you out than toying a little with your bro?"
Their teacher started talking but Dean barely paid any attention to it. With a frown he opened the paper, and that frown only became deeper when he read what was on it.
The youngest member of their family looked satisfied with that but when Michael looked back up, he noticed Gabriel watching him curiously from the corner of his eye. He should've known. Very few things ever escaped Gabriel's attention.
Technically, he wasn't lying. He did have some stuff to do. Like asking Dean why the hell he'd been talking to Gabriel, for instance.
You could say he was pretty surprised when a boy with short, dark hair and a round face turned towards him and started talking out of nowhere. "You're one of Shurley's children, right?" he asked in a thick British accent.
Dean shrugged but Sam could still see the worry in his eyes and that made him smile. He knew that if his brother was being a jerk, he only did it because he cared about him and Sam couldn't be angry about that.
As soon as he noticed the hurt expression in Sammy's eyes, he regretted his outburst already. "I'm sorry, I didn't meant to-"
Dean was freaking out. Not just a silent, ignorable, possible to suppress freaking out, but seriously freaking out. His breathing was heavy, his heart was pounding and the world around him looked blurred. He barely heard Castiel calling out his name in protest while he dragged him towards one of the side entrances. Neither did he notice a teacher that passed them and yelled something, to which Castiel responded with a good excuse apparently, because she let them go.
And that's when Sam chocked on his drink. If he hadn't put his hand over his mouth just in time, he would've sprayed beer all over the kitchen floor.
He cursed and continued his way. That information wouldn't get him anywhere. Although he had to admit, one of the words seemed to trigger something in his mind.
Sam knew the chances he would ever find his were incredibly small, but every time someone really caught his eye, he couldn't help but hope. Hope that maybe this would be the one. He would never say that out loud though. He knew all too well Dean was already convinced he would never find his soulmate. He was too rational to believe that that one person would just happen to pass by.
Dean threw his hands up in desperation. "I don't know, okay? But who else am I supposed to talk to? Nobody else knows about this!" He tilted his head. "Right?"
Luckily he noticed the younger boy almost immediately. He was sitting on his own at one of the smaller tables, surrounded by books and sheets of paper, his trade mark trenchcoat on the back of his chair. Dean walked over to him and when Cas stayed focused on the work in front of him, he tapped his shoulder. Castiel jumped at the sudden gesture and looked up, finally acknowledging Dean's presence.
"I wish you were here," he whispered at the small picture. "I miss you so much, Jess. I've been so stupid."
"Yeah, sure," Dean sighed and took his brother's drink to smell it. The scent of alcohol immediately penetrated his nostrils. Just to be sure he took a small sip but grimaced quickly. "Jesus, Sam, you really can't tell the difference between water and vodka?"
He was mostly ignored during the meal itself, his fellow Americans too scared to get close to him, the Hogwarts students talking among themselves. He'd just started his third Cauldron Cake (he was really digging those) when someone finally did address him.
But man, was it worth it when that small blush colored Samandriel's cheeks again. "I'd like that," the boy answered in a quiet voice before quickly looking down at his plate again.
"Well yeah, somehow Sam got drunk, I need to get him home. You don't mind, do you?" Dean felt a little guilty for ruining their party.
Dean looked between the two of them but after a reassuring nod from his brother, he headed out anyway. It didn't matter he didn't like it, there wasn't exactly much he could about it. So he decided he'd better try to find out where clothes and make-up were done.
When he came back, Sam was looking at him with a genuinely happy smile and Dean had to suppress one of his own. Lucifer was gonna have a long way to go to get into his good books but for his brother he was willing to try. He handed Sam one beer and sat down as he opened his.
Dean's eyebrows shot up in surprise when he entered the house. "At least I have a nice place," he mumbled.
At second thought they had decided not to go to the Roadhouse because Sam was afraid they might run into Jo. Instead they'd grabbed a bite on the way to The Cage. Initially Sam hadn't thought he would want to stay for long. He was still tired from their evening out yesterday. Sure, it hadn't been that late, but going to a club was... exhausting, and he'd had to get up early for school. But as soon as they got in and Lucifer almost literally pulled him out of his comfort zone, he was washed over with the same feeling of happiness as yesterday. He didn't know if it was the club or just Lucifer's company, but he felt like he could go on forever.
When he pulled up in front of his home, Dean left the engine running as he opened the door, and before Cas could follow his example, he told the other guy he'd be right back. The confusion on Cas's face was even bigger when Dean returned with a six-pack in his hand. He dropped the bottles in his friend's lap as he got back in.
"Hi, sweetie," she greeted him and he quickly gave her a kiss before opening his locker to put in his books and call it a day.
"What?" Gabriel asked in surprise and then looked down at his full arms. "Oh. Nah, don't worry about it, I don't have any friends." And with that he walked away, debating whether he should go back to his brothers (where he'd probably get scolded by Michael) or find a place to enjoy his candy on his own.
Mick had a frown on his face and turned towards Dean. "Sorry, Dean, what did you say your last name was again?"
"You totally are." He gave Sam a devilish smile. "You're my little bitch, in every sense of the term."
"But even so, what program am I going to pick? I don't know what I want to do for the rest of my life. I thought about Religion for a while. Or maybe something in Economics. Do you know what you're going to do after finishing high school?"
Dean opened his mouth... and closed it again. It wasn't exactly like he could prove to Sam Lucifer didn't care about him, not when the guy hadn't done a single thing pointing in that direction.
The thought of Cas joining their lunch table warmed his heart but he knew that would be impossible. "Yeah maybe I'll invite all of you over together some time," he said instead.
"Well, I mean..." Kevin tried, as he apparently realized what he'd just said. "I've met him. Through Dean, you know. Don't know him that well..."
Keeping this from his brother for now was one thing, but acting like nothing was going on in the short amount of time he actually got to see his dad? Sam knew their father wasn't happy with the Shurleys and even though Lucifer had left his family, he had a feeling the man still wouldn't approve of him, much like Dean and Bobby hadn't. But at the same time... Lucifer was his boyfriend. How could he not share something that important with his family?
Lucifer ended up dropping Sam off at the end of his street, so Dean wouldn't see him. They hadn't really talked anymore and especially not about the kiss. Which only added to Sam's confusion and insecurity of what to expect.
"Oh," Sam said. He could barely remember the last time he and Kevin had gamed together. They always had a great time at Kevin's place and he'd really missed it. But then he remembered what he'd just promised Lucifer.
The rest of the ride they spent in silence, The Rolling Stones playing in the background. Sam recognized the song but he couldn't remember what it was called. Eventually Lucifer stopped nearby the city center, in front of an old building with booming rock music coming out of it, and got out. Above the black door at the side of the building was a red neon board with the 'The Cage' on it. Sam suddenly realized this was probably a club, and an underground one too by the looks of it.
"Is something wrong?" he asked in a serious voice with a hint of worry. "You've been quiet. Very quiet."
Well, that would be one hell of bummer if they were discovered now. Dean thought for a second and got an idea. He just didn't know if it was a good one.
"Who else?" Lucifer confirmed his assumptions. "Only one of my brothers is enough of a coward to pull something like this."
His brother looked at him with something of hurt in his eyes. "And you seriously thought I'd make a problem out of that?" he asked in disbelief.
Castiel tried to think of anything that he would find of interest. "Well, he's quite muscular. His hair is a bit longer than yours, nearly shoulder-length. He looks quite impressive, but he also seemed very polite and gentle in a way. He barely talked to his brother the entire drive up here, so he could be rather quiet or maybe he just didn't want to bother us while we were talking."
Kevin had found him hardly ten minutes after he'd ended the call. He had helped Sam up and given him a hug before he led him back to the car, where Mrs. Tran stood waiting. She'd hugged him too, and then ushered him in. When they got to Kevin's house, Sam was still shaking (either with cold or emotion, he couldn't even tell himself), so she wrapped him in a blanket on the couch and went to make them hot chocolate while Kevin put on a
Lisa poked him in the ribs and said with a loving smile, "Hey Michael, you think you can cheer up Dean here? He's being grumpy."
After glancing a quick look at the menu Michael said, "I'll have the roast beef, bacon and cheddar sandwich please. And a coke."
There were students everywhere, the new ones mingling with the others and chattering loudly, while their teacher desperately tried to calm them down. There was barely enough room to seat what seemed about four or five new students and people were fighting about who claimed a seat first and where they wanted to sit. Dean was relieved to find his own usual spot untouched, although one of the new guys had taken the one right beside him. Dean contemplated starting a conversation with him, just being polite, but the other boy showed no interest in him whatsoever. He didn't even look up when Dean sat down next to him.
They all turned to the front of the building, where a short guy was making his way towards them. As he came closer, Dean realized with a start that he knew the boy. It was one of Michael's brothers, the same one that he had brought to the park, along with Castiel.
That's when one of the other Hogwarts kids intervened, a boy with light brown hair and a chain necklace underneath his shirt. "Sorry, I hate to interrupt this beautiful piece of entertainment and place don't take my panties for saying this, but you might actually want to do that. His mother's our Head teacher."
There was a sudden pinch of guilt in his stomach. God, he really should text Kevin later. "He's uhm... he's good," he quickly said. "Busy with school of course, we all are, you know..."
Then suddenly a voice right behind him said, "You really seem bloody tight with that Shurley boy lately."
Something resembling compassion appeared in Gabriel's eyes. "You're right. I don't," he admitted. "So let me ask you. Has Lucifer ever told you he's in love with you?"
After Dean had reassured him he was fine multiple times, Cas let him be and went to rejoin his siblings. Dean returned to his friends.
Needless to say Sam and Dean's jaws dropped and their eyes nearly jumped out of their sockets at the automated Wikipedia card popping up, picture included.
He had never even met Lucifer. He didn't know where the guy usually hung around, what his car looked like or where he lived for that matter. He had absolutely nothing to go by and it annoyed the crap out of him.
"And you love it," he said with a suggestive smile, bending forward until their faces were only inches away.
Sam opened his mouth, then closed it again when he realized what he had almost automatically answered. He couldn't immediately come up with something else to say, so he just remained silent.
Michael's eyebrows shot up in surprise for a moment before he smiled and extended his hand. "Yeah. Michael Shurley, nice to meet you."
"Actually," he admitted sheepishly, "we kind of already have plans for tonight. There's this club called The Cage and it's kinda cool. You can join us if you want to." He quickly looked back at Lucifer, suddenly doubtful. "Right?"
Dean smiled despite himself, pocketed his phone and turned back to the front of the class. Not that he heard anything Mr. Green was trying to tell them anyway.
The kid just huffed. "This is one was rather easy, really. Although if it's any consolation, your uncertainty was legitimate. Even the Sorting Hat itself needed a few seconds to think about its decision, so I'm assuming there was something right about whatever logic you were following."
Cas laughed at that a bit and Dean smiled in response, celebrating his victory, however small it was. Hearing that laugh was worth it.
After a second of hesitation Dean reciprocated the gesture and quickly padded him on the back. When they let go of each other, their gazes locked and once again Dean was blown away by the beauty of Michael's eyes. It was at that moment, their bodies so close to each other and Michael's hand still lingering on his shoulder, that Dean not only thought it, but for the first time also actually acknowledged it.
"Well, yes," Lucifer said and Sam couldn't help but laugh. "What, it's fun. Besides, I like being a leader. It's not just about being someone's boss, I want to be an example. Inspire people." While he was talking, he got a distant look in his eyes as if his mind was traveling further and further away from the brick wall behind The Cage.
Back to being fully clothed, Crowley seemed to be doing his very best to stare him to death, but Gabriel focused on the other boy. "So, who are you exactly?"
Dean gave her a defiant look. "Cas is my friend, I'm not just going to bail on him because his brother is a jerk."
He didn't immediately get a reply and he looked up to see Cas staring at his phone, thumbs hovering over the keys. Dean was just about to emphasize that he really didn't have to and that it was fine either way when he got his answer.
For the record, just because Gabriel was blind didn't mean he didn't have standards. Okay, that came out wrong and made him sound like a superficial asshole. The point was that he didn't just sleep with anyone (although sometimes it was a close call), he first had to be attracted to them just as much as the next guy. It just wasn't looks that did it.
"What is it?" Kevin asked, looking at Sam worriedly. Sam didn't wonder why. He knew he had to look like crap after the day he'd gone through.
"Didn't his kids get into the program too?" Dean whispered and his brother nodded. "Talking about privileged."
"Hi, Gabriel, sorry I'm..." the familiar voice of his brother started, but Gabriel decided not to give him the time to finish his sentence. As soon as Castiel had let out enough words for Gabriel to exactly determine his position, he lashed out with his white stick and was very satisfied when it hit his younger brother's upper arm.
Dean couldn't help but grin. He'd told Michael how much he loved that place. "Don't need to say that twice."
Michael wasn't exactly who Dean'd been talking about but his question was answered all the same. He felt a pinch of disappointment but decided to ignore it.
"Well, it's my pleasure really," Molly says. "So don't be afraid to ask me if you need anything. Oh and you can always go to Professor Hudson too, the witch that led the Sorting Ceremony? She's our Head teacher and she's a real sweetheart. There isn't a thing she wouldn't do for her students."
"Sam," Gabriel sighed. "I wish I was lying, okay? They may be dicks but I love my brothers. Both of them. So trust me if I say I know Lucifer isn't any worse than Michael. But he also isn't any better." He averted his eyes for a second and when they met Sam's again, his voice dropped. "They're broken, Sam, and I know you like to think that you can fix it but you can't. This isn't about you, or Dean for that matter. It's about two brothers that loved each other and betrayed each other. And that's not gonna change, not until one or the other lets go. There's nothing you can do about that. Nobody can save 'em but them, Sam."
While Lucifer was fetching their drinks, Sam looked around the club in an attempt to keep himself occupied. The place was amazing but he had to admit that without Lucifer, he felt a little uncomfortable in the crowd. He was just thinking about how he actually didn't know anyone else in this place, when he noticed Crowley standing at the entrance.
"Don't let the blindness fool you, he is everything but innocent," Castiel simply said. Gabriel just smiled.
used to be the one he was closest too. I'm not saying that was right, but to then just drop me like that for these two new..."
He thought of the other Shurleys too, the sons of bitches like Naomi and Zachariah, Balthazar who he couldn't imagine being happy in such a controlling family, Gabriel that dick with his stupid tricks... How did it last?
He got there just before the second bell rang. Kevin was already seated at his usual spot and Sam took his own while giving his friend a smile.
"Hey hey hey," he heard his brother say and then Dean clasped him in his arms. Sam clutched to him like grim death.
The older boy hummed and went to stand right in front of him, their chests only a few inches apart. "Am I in it?"
Dean shook his head. He felt guilty about lying to her, but he couldn't tell her the truth either. Not yet. He was just about to turn back to his friends when he noticed a familiar trenchcoat. "Hey, I'll see you guys later, alright?" he quickly told them before heading off and approaching Castiel.
Dean didn't know what to do. He didn't know what to think. He didn't know how to act in front of Michael. He didn't know how to act in front of Lisa. And he sure as hell didn't know how to act in front of Michael
"Thanks, C- Misha," Sam nodded and offered a genuine smile. He was glad Dean and him wouldn't be separated over the night.
Sam nearly laughed just out of shock alone but from the looks of it, Dean was actually being serious. "Dean, people paid hundreds of dollars for this thing!"
Sometimes he wondered if there was more to Lucifer's flirtatious comments. But that couldn't be, right? Surely there relationship was purely amicable.
Friday at lunch Sam got a text from his brother saying their dad would be coming home again this weekend. He grinned widely at the phone in his hands. It had been way too long since he'd seen his father and...
Sam felt like he just shrank a couple of inches. "Yeah, I know." To add some credibility to it, he said, "I'm going at his place this week to game a bit." Not a total lie since Kevin had invited him last week, Sam just still had to ask him what day. He reminded himself to do that later too.
When he looked around another time, he finally spotted Michael making his way towards him. As he approached Dean, both boys offered a smile but it was obvious neither of them felt completely comfortable. Dean couldn't blame Michael for it. The guy had no idea what he was walking into and the last time they'd spoken had basically been the definition of uncomfortable.
"Gabriel?" Sam asked, trying to remember some of the gossip that went around when the Shurleys first got here. "One of the senior Shurleys?"
Lucifer didn't seem to notice the surprise on his face though, because he continued, "He bulged eventually and adopted Michael as well. I never told Michael the details."
"You were right, okay?" Dean started rambling. "You were right all along. Apparently I'm not straight and I do have feelings for Michael and we had a moment and I didn't know what to do and then I thought about kissing him but I don't want to kiss him because I don't have time for even more crap so I ran and now he knows off course how I feel about him and he's never gonna want to talk to me again because who wants to talk to one of his best friends who has feelings for them but doesn't have time for even more crap?"
Sam silently motioned for him to just fill the damn vase. They were already behaving strange enough as it was.
"Alright, alright," Lucifer sighed while sitting up. His hand combed through his hair in an attempt to get it from sticking to his head. It didn't help much.
"Thank god, it's you," his brother said, letting him in and closing the door again. "I don't know if I can deal with one more of
So, all Dean could come up with to do was research, and he prayed that it would be enough to get him out of here. He went into the living room, sat down on the couch and opened Jensen's laptop that he'd brought from the trailer. Usually this part of the job was more Sam's kind of thing, but right now himself was all Dean got and he'd have to do with it.
"I doubt that will be necessary," Castiel said, but then he smiled, just the smallest bit. "But thank you, Dean."
With how clingy Lucifer and his brother were being, Dean was pretty sure that would mean Sam wasn't going to want to come either. And in all honesty, Dean couldn't even be bothered to try anymore.
A small, older witch with a kind smile got up from her place at the Head Table and placed a stool with an old, worn-out wizard's hat on top of it in front of the group.
Lucifer shrugged. "I only know you for less than a week and you're already the best thing that ever happened to me."
"I don't know," he sighed. "Could be. Everything's just... changed. I mean, do you have any idea how many girlfriends I've had?"
Sam was dumbfounded. One of the Shurleys was doing this? What had he done wrong towards them? He hadn't even talked to any of them yet, since most didn't seem very eager to start a conversation and he was too shy to do it himself. "So which one is it?" he asked Lisa, still shocked from the revelation.
It eventually was 10pm before Sam noticed Dean'd sent him multiple messages and even called him a few times. He was surprised it had taken his brother this long. He'd probably been hanging out with Michael the entire evening.
"I'm sorry, okay?" Michael dropped down on the chair across from Dean. "I was an ass the other day. I shouldn't have worked it out on you. It's just that my brother is a bit of a sore subject."
He ignored his brother's rambling and instead enjoyed the view of the British countryside passing by. Of course he'd done his research on the place but he was still taken aback by how different from the United States everything was. The mountains, the forests, the meadows, it was all so magical compared to what he was used to. And in a world of wizards that was saying a lot.
Dean pushed through the crowd, looking for the tall guy that was his brother. Finding him really shouldn't be that hard, considering Sam's height, but for some reason it was. There were to many people he didn't know and it had been hours since he'd last seen Sam. He could be anywhere.
They mainly spent the drive towards the diner in silence. Once in a while Michael would make some small remark but otherwise the only sound in the car was the Led Zeppelin music. Dean had expected it to be uncomfortable but surprisingly enough it wasn't, not really. It was as if they'd come to a silent agreement to just enjoy each other's company.
Michael crossed his arms and looked away from him with a clenched jaw. "Except that it is. If it weren't for me, Lucifer would have never gone after Sam. All of you wouldn't have been caught up in this mess if I had just stayed away from you."
"Oh, that's hilarious," Michael told Crowley. "The Cage is right down the street we live in? Yeah, right."
His brother moved to the two men's pages. "Yeah, four years, which is normal. Seriously, the guy was probably already jerking off when you were still in diapers."
The blonde boy seemed like he was waiting for an answer, but honestly Sam couldn't remember what he'd said in the first place.
Dean gave him a thumbs-up and with that he grabbed his backpack and walked up the stairs, to his room. Sitting down at his desk, Sam replayed the unexpected meeting from this afternoon.
He honestly didn't know if he should be insulted by that or not. But on the bright side, it was hard to believe there was some ulterior motive to this, even if Dean still thought it was weird. "You want me to come to your party?"
Dean suddenly remembered the guy who had sat next to him during physics. Why would he have been talking about him?
Sam gave him a quick nod and Dean got up to walk towards the fridge, praying that that still was where beers were kept. To his relief there were a couple of bottles in the door. Dean grabbed two of them before shutting the fridge.
The room remained quiet for a couple of seconds longer before the Sorting Hat finally opened its mouth.
Sam could feel a wide smile spread across his face, joy ran through his veins. He couldn't remember the last time he felt anything like this, the happiness, the excitement, the... Did he dare call it love already? Of course he knew it was too soon for any of that, but still... The only other person who had ever caused this feeling within him... had been Jess. The thought alone made a familiar sadness arise in his stomach but it was softened by something else.
He burst out into laughter when he heard the lyrics. Unable to contain himself, he actually had to lean against the lockers to regain his balance. He laughed so hard his stomach hurt and by the time he got a hold of himself, the song had ended. Lucifer just watched him with a satisfied smile on his face.
Sam let out a mocking laugh. "Apart from the fact that his name's Rich and he's the director of this show? Nothing."
When he looked back up, he was just in time to see Michael walking towards the school's entrance. Dean opened the door without hesitation and before he could help himself, he called out Michael's name. His friend turned around immediately and met him halfway with a broad smile on his face.
Man, they were so screwed. Suppressing all of the unpleasant things he could say about Cas's family, Dean shook his head and looked over the hood to see if there were any Shurleys around.
The older Winchester put down his fork sighed. "Listen Sammy, I'm not gonna lie: I'm not happy about what happened. But I shouldn't have said those things and I'm sorry. I was pissed and I overreacted. People tend to do that when they're worried."
"You never know," Michael shrugged. "I know my brother pretty well. Maybe we can come up with something together."
"Mr. Winchester, watch your language please. We don't talk like that at this school. One hour of detention."
Sam thanked her with a smile and started taking some books out of his locker. It was when he turned back that he saw them.
"In my family, you're either a loyal member or you're banished forever. There's no in between. Now, he may have doubts but Cassie is loyal. He'd be lost without his family. Think about that when you ask him to set off to the horizon with you."
After the Roadhouse they wandered around the city a little, talking, hanging around at random places. It was quite nice actually. Or at least it would have been if Dean had been able to shake the strange feeling in his gut. He tried, he really did. And there were moments when Michael had his full attention, but then he always started to worry about what that meant. He found himself unable to come up with a conclusion.
Ellen rolled her eyes at him but smiled nonetheless. "That's enough of that. What can I get you two?"
Castiel gave him a doubtful look, so he admitted, "Okay, so maybe I didn't understand shit from it but you clearly care about this stuff. That's not ridiculous."
The blonde laughed loudly. "They really are." Then he looked at Sam seriously again. "But you don't think he's responsible for what happened to your girlfriend, right?"
But when five minutes turned to ten turned to fifteen, his brotherly instincts started to rise in his chest.
"I know, alright?" Dean tried. "I know." And he did. There was nothing he wouldn't do for his family. But he'd learned one valuable lesson in all those years when Bobby would come over to keep an eye on them, and when his dad would drop them off at the Roadhouse and Ellen let them spend the night: family doesn't end with blood.
His husband shook his head and put butter in the frying pan. "What is it with you? You've been acting weird from the moment I got home. Did something happen at work?"
about the story!" Dean yelled back at him. "And if you would've taken five seconds to tear your eyes away from Lucifer's ass and actually look around, you would know that Michael and I haven't talked in weeks,
"It's not a joke, Dean," Castiel glared at him. "I mean it. It's the only way you will get out of this happily."
. He makes sure he gets to come home in between hits, even if it's only for a couple of days. Sammy and I might have to look after ourselves sometimes, but he always asks Bobby or Pastor Jim or Ellen to check on us from time to time. He did
"Despite everything, he seemed honest enough. Maybe he really was concerned Lucifer and Sam wouldn't end well?" Dean suggested.
"Not that I care," Lucifer continued. "Not anymore at least. What's your deal with our beloved Trickster anyway?"
"Come on, Cassie, if the hot guy offers you a ride, you take it," Gabriel decided to intervene. He was met by a satisfying silence.
He got of the hood and took a couple of steps in his brother's direction. To his surprise the boy in the trench coat walked towards the blind guy and Sam saw him say something.
He had to get out of there, away from those pretty green eyes. Of course it would all be over now. Surely Michael was aware of his feelings after this, if he hadn't been already. And yes, Dean knew Michael liked him, but he wasn't ready for this. There were too many things left he had to figure out before he could even consider something like a relationship with Michael. Clear his head. And he needed to do it now.
"They were the youngest ones so far, so Dad asked us all to take care of them. They were also a lot older than the rest of us when they joined us. They'd grown up in another family, a family they lost. No wonder Dad wanted us to keep an extra eye on them and make them feel at home."
Either way, he just smiled and made sure to keep his head in the game for the rest of the conversation.
"Of course I wanna warn him!" Dean said offendedly. Like he was just gonna stand by and watch that son of a bitch hurt his little brother...
"Hi," Dean greeted him when he was within earshot. "Lisa couldn't make it, so it's just the two of us."
Even Sam had to admit that to be true and just gave a small nod, allowing his brother to drop the subject if he wanted to.
Sam suddenly gave him a mocking smile. "If you want to play it that way, then how do you know Castiel Shurley? And more importantly, why did you drag him out of biology yesterday?"
"Okay," Cas returned and Dean could've sworn he saw a light in the other boy's eyes he'd never seen there before.
He only managed to get himself back together when his phone started buzzing again. Dean of course. After he'd made sure he would be able to contain himself, he walked to Lucifer and offered him his hand.
"It's not what you think," he quickly said, which wasn't a total lie. He crossed the street and went to sit on a brick wall around a pond (or whatever the pool of water was supposed to be).
He started nodding, hesitantly at first but then more confident about his decision. "That would be great, thank you."
"Yeah I know, alright?" Dean waved her words away. "No good fighting with someone like Lucifer, I get it."
Looking out over the river, Cas put the six pack back on his lap, and Dean took two of the beers. He opened and offered one of them to Cas. "Want one?"
"Alright," Sam mumbled and he immediately regretted his distant behavior. He should be happy Sam finally wanted to talk to him. He turned back to his brother, but Sam was already back at reading some book and Dean couldn't shake the feeling he'd screwed up again.
"Uhm..." Okay, Dean was definitely panicking again. He knew he had to say something, but he had no idea what. Yes, he had liked their kiss too. Yes, he thought he wanted to do it more often. But how was he supposed to make that clear? "I uhm..."
As they walked up to the school building, Sam noticed that Dean was unusually close to him. He was slightly amused by the thought of Dean being prepared to defend him against actually really nothing at all but at the same time he felt grateful. It was a comfortable idea that his brother had his back, as Sam knew he always would.
What was he going to tell his dad about Lucifer? Dean had made it abundantly clear that he had no problem telling John about Sam's friendship with the Shurley. And Dean didn't even know half of it...
"He is," Dean told him softly. "Don't know why he's sticking around, I've put him through enough trouble as it is."
The older Winchester made a face. "You mean besides sappy pictures of fake me and fake Cas? Only this." And with that he leaned back and grabbed a laptop from the coffee table. "Option of fingerprint recognition, thank god. Never could've guessed this freak's password."
was bad news these days. The only thing that Sam could think about that even could be good was their dad coming home, but there was no reason for Dean to be so sneaky about that.
"How does he feel about all of this?" Charlie stepped in. "Can't be easy having to lie to Michael and the others all the time."
Dean dropped down on his bed with a loud sigh. At least the worst part was over. Okay, maybe second worst part. The idea of talking to Michael alone was enough to make him groan with desperation.
Lucifer tilted his head a bit and he couldn't help but notice it made his features look softer, more innocent in a way.
Gabriel shrugged. "I'll take that as a compliment." Then he turned to his fellow American, finally being able to place the guy. "You're Wampus, right?"
"I'll text you, alright?" he continued, and after Cas nodded, the both of them left the bathroom again. Since no one they knew was in sight, he took advantage of the opportunity to give Cas a wink before they went their separate ways.
"See you," she said lovingly, while he began walking away, and she wouldn't let go of his hand until they were too far apart to hold on to each other anymore.
When Dean pulled up in the school's parking lot at Monday, he was exhausted. He was sick of the tension between him and Sam, he was sick of worrying about Michael and he sure as hell was sick of overthinking every single second of his life. Dean hated thinking.
Sam carefully shrugged. "But... I mean, he's trying. That's... good. And it's not like you can just avoid my family forever."
Sam could hardly believe he'd heard that right. All this time and now was the moment Lucifer told him, almost carelessly...
He rolled his eyes. "Whatever." And with that he got out of the car. He was already looking forward to getting his baby back so he could ditch this thing.
"Right, that's Balthazar, this is Crowley," the Shurley kid quickly introduced them. "Please don't tell me you're screwing my brother."
They kissed until someone started coughing right behind them. "Quit the PDA, Sammy. Children are watching."
and leave his brother behind. Plus, who knew what Misha planned on doing when they'd be alone for an entire evening... Dean got even more uncomfortable at the idea alone, but he honestly couldn't think of a single good excuse that would get him out of this situation. He looked at Sam, eyes begging for some sort of solution, but it appeared that his brother was just as clueless.
Dean huffed. "Well, obviously there's something interesting about it since you're spending your spare time studying it." He offered a broad smile and shoved Cas playfully. "Come on, I'm curious now."
With a confused frown on his face Sam picked up the lollipop. It was apple-flavored. He wasn't particularly fond of candy but if he had to choose...
Misha pulled up his eyebrows at him. "I know. I was there. But you sure as hell weren't complaining."
"Did you forget that not only we don't have a clue how that stuff works, we're also terrible at acting?"
He was sitting at his spot like usual when some students around him had begun whispering to each other excitedly. He looked up, annoyed his peace had been disturbed, but then he understood what the gossip was all about.
Dean grinned. "I know I am." When Cas's frown didn't disappear from his face, he added, "Don't worry about it, I'll only have one, maybe two. I know my limits."
As soon as Dean spotted Cas entering the cafeteria, he told his friends he'd be back in a sec and walked up to the boy in the trenchcoat. He wasn't going to lie about it, he had enjoyed their time in the library. He liked Cas and it was also nice to have someone around who knew everything that had been going on lately.
He mumbled to himself to get over it and knocked before he could change his mind. He opened the door and saw his brother lying on the bed, basically what he was always doing the last couple of days. He didn't even look up when Dean entered.
He hadn't meant for it to come out like that but it was too late. Michael was looking him straight in the eye and it was only now that he realized how close they were standing. His heart started pounding like crazy and panic washed over him. He couldn't move, he just stood there, frozen in space, waiting for whatever was about to happen.
"Did you not hear a word I just said?" Crowley yelled back, clearly annoyed. "He's in there with Lucifer! The guy is a lunatic, I'm not getting near that!"
Then the most horrifying thought struck him. What if they never got back? What if he was never even going to see Cas again? Would he stay with Misha? File for a divorce? It seemed like the only option because he doubted he was able to keep living with a guy who looked exactly like Cas but would never be him. And what about the angel? Had he figured out what happened or did he think the hellhounds had gotten to them and finally finished them off? Was he looking for them?
It didn't seem to matter because Misha turned back to Dean. "Oh by the way, Vicki called. She said West and Maison can come over next week."
Next to him Michael burst out into laughter. He looked back and forth between him and Crowley, not understanding what the fuck was going on here.
And he'd taken Dean's hand. What did that mean? Did Cas feel the same way or was it just a comforting gesture?
Dean muttered a curse. That was just great, now he'd have to tell Sam after school that his new friend, the one person that seemed to make him happy again, was a huge son of a bitch who was just using him. "This is so fucked up."
Dean shot him a deathly glare. "No, Sam, but I am your brother and I am responsible for you when Dad or Bobby aren't around. So I'm gonna ask you one more time: what the hell were you doing in a place like The Cage?"
He soon sat down against one of the back walls, where it was most quiet, and let his mind wander. Why did everything have to be so complicated for him? Sometimes he wished he was more like Dean, he- Okay, admittedly Dean had had plenty of his own problems lately but they still didn't seem as bad as Sam's. But maybe that wasn't a fair comparison.
"Dean," Castiel said and Gabriel was assuming he was talking to one of two pairs of approaching footsteps. "This is Gabriel, my brother." Then he told Gabriel, "This is Dean and his brother. Dean got lost on campus and I walked him here."
After rounding the umpteenth corner, he finally hit jackpot. His friend was standing at the end of the hallway, along with his siblings that were also sophomores. Dean knew most of them by name; Hannah, Bartholomew, Joshua... He'd never met them in person but the Shurleys had become almost celebrities in Lawrence.
When he'd put down the phone again and was left in a deathly hush, something suddenly clicked. Had Sam still not come home yet?
"Yes, what did you think I wanted, your soul?" Crowley said, his voice dripping with sarcasm. "You won't get it that easily."
The next morning Dean stumbled down the stairs, exhausted from the terrible night of sleep he'd had. He'd somehow managed to prevent any sex happening but there had been no way of escaping a couple of kisses and an entire night of snuggling. And now his body just felt tingly and touchy and plain on weird all over.
Dean decided the best thing he could do was just get it over with. He took a deep breath and started, "Listen Lisa, there's been going on a lot of stuff lately. With the Shurleys arriving, Jess' death, all the drama with Sam and Lucifer... I just need some time to figure things out and fix it. A little bit of space, you know? It's not like I don't want to be with you or want to break up, it's just..." He let out a sigh. "I have to focus on all the other stuff first now. Get things back to normal. Put my life back together. I need a break. And that means a break from us too." He looked at his girlfriend, afraid what her reaction would be.
Dean shook his head. "No no no no, hey, that's not how it happened, alright? He wanted to talk to you and I didn't see a reason to stop him. I didn't even know he was the Trickster!" Then he stopped himself.
Cas turned to him again, the expression on his face a silent question to continue. And what the hell, Dean'd had enough of keeping secrets. So that's how he ended up telling him everything, starting with the note he'd gotten from Balthazar. Castiel's eyes grew wide at the mention of his other brother but he remained silent, allowing Dean to continue his story. He went over everything, his weird talk with Gabriel, the events of Tuesday and what little he knew about the conversation between Sam and the one and only Trickster. To say Cas seemed disturbed by what he was hearing would be an understatement. His frown pretty much got a bit deeper with every word.
The rest of the group looked up in surprise and watched him go. Dean sighed, let go of Lisa and muttered a quick, "Be right back." before going after him.
His friend slowly shook his head. "I had no idea... I don't understand. I know he can get a little bit out of control sometimes and he's no stranger to messing with people but..." He sighed and Dean felt sorry for him. Couldn't be easy having to deal with a brother like that.
Sam couldn't help but remember the feeling of Lucifer's lips against his own. "Not physically if that's what you mean."
Did he really need to discuss this with Michael? On the other hand he doubted if the Shurley boy would give him a way out. "He's out with Lucifer," he confessed. "After I told him explicitly not to. And now he won't return my calls and I have no idea where they went, what they're doing or if they're even safe."
He had already told Sam most of what'd happened, but they hadn't had time to talk about the details yet.
He suddenly realized how close he'd been to becoming just like Lucifer when he'd been fighting with Dean and neglecting his friends in favor of his boyfriend. Or well, ex-boyfriend. At that moment, Sam decided he would never let one person have so much power over his life again.
"If you're gonna wait until they invite you, you're gonna have to wait a very long time," Lucifer laughed. "No, it's more of a 'fight your way in' kinda thing. You have to earn your place in a club like this, prove you're worth something."
Without bothering to watch Misha return to the kitchen, he started browsing through the results. There were plenty. Eventually he even managed to find a transcript.
When he unlocked the car, Cas gave him the smallest of smiles and Dean hated that it made him feel better, if only a tiny bit. They both got in and sat in silence for a couple of seconds, waiting for the other to say something.
His friend sighed and he immediately felt bad for bringing it up. "I told them I was going to the library again. I doubt anyone will notice if I take longer than usual."
When it came to the Shurleys, that was an awfully familiar feeling. "It's something, dealing with all of their family drama, isn't it?"
Cas's eyes immediately found him when he got the text, although he quickly looked away again before reading it and answering,
"It doesn't mean anything," Sam was quick to say, and he hated the apologetic look he got in return. "What do you even know about it? Maybe he just isn't there yet."
Castiel shrugged and Dean thought he could actually see a slight blush forming on his cheeks. "Doesn't matter, it's not that interesting."
During their break, Dean told his friends he had to go do something and then started to comb out the school. The guy wasn't at his locker, or in the library, or already at his next class, which Dean only knew about because Sam was in the same one. All of that wasn't going to stop him though. He wandered the hallways, keeping an eye out for the tan trench coat or anything else that could give him a clue about Cas's whereabouts.
The hurt look on Lucifer's face made Sam's stomach twitch. It was the same vulnerability he'd seen only minutes ago, but this time it was... different. Broken.
Bright blue eyes turned his way, carrying a curious look, and he was happy to see a slight smile play at the corner of Cas's mouth. The guy really should smile more often.
"Let me spell it out for you," he said, irony clear in his voice. "I couldn't directly talk to you. Your brother agreed with me and was willing to help, being it unaware of the how's. You knew I'm the Trickster, and I knew you'd do anything to help your brother. I'm sure you can do the math."
"I'd do anything for my family," Dean corrected him. "You think I never got stuck in the middle when Sam and Dad had a fight? That I'm never caught in the crossfire? 'Cause trust me, they fight. A lot. They're both stubborn know-alls with very different opinions, so yes, they've butted heads more than once. But I would never
So when he'd finally officially become an adult, he'd told his brothers and sisters to shove it up their asses. He had never been so relieved to be able to speak his mind. But he'd also known he wasn't the only one who wanted to get out of there. Gabriel had possibly suffered from the fighting even more, although he only caught half of it, since he couldn't see the rest. Castiel had had a feeling his older brother would have left a long time ago if he wasn't so dependent on the rest of their family. Sure, Gabriel could manage on his own if needed, but he had grown up surrounded by siblings to help him. Besides, going to and paying for college were two things he really couldn't handle himself, not combined with living completely independently. So when he went to pack his stuff, Castiel had offered him to come along. Gabriel didn't need much assistance, Castiel was sure the two of them would do fine on their own. His brother hadn't needed to think about it for a second.
"Whoa okay, guys, calm down," Gabriel decided to intervene before they could actually jump at each other. "No hard feelings, alright?"
Sam choked on air and had to press a hand against his mouth to muffle a snort. Dean just closed his eyes and knew he was never gonna hear the end of this. Before Misha got a chance to answer and make this situation even more uncomfortable, he turned off speaker mode and brought the phone back to his ear. He was only just in time.
They had been dancing for hours, yet Sam wasn't tired at all. On the contrary, he felt more alive than ever.
If the guy even noticed, he ignored Sam completely. "He even agreed to it, if you must know. Not the details of course, but he knew I needed to talk to you and he was willing to help."
A couple of hours later the Ilvermorny students walked into Hogwarts. All of the children were chattering excitedly while they admired the beautiful castle they'd just stepped into.
Sam didn't even have to look around to know who it was from but he picked the candy up anyway, and unfolded the note. To his surprise, there was only a phone number on it, which did make him look up. Gabriel Shurley was casually leaning against one of the few trees, eyes fixed on Sam, lips curled around a lollipop of his own.
When he entered the kitchen, his brother was already there, fully dressed. After a lot of wondering around and praying he wouldn't accidentally end up in the main bedroom, Sam had finally found the guest room last night, and even the guest bathroom and some spare clothes. Looked like Jared Padalecki had crashed here more than once. So now he was ready to go, sipping from a cup of coffee at the table while reading the newspaper. As soon as Dean came in, looking all groggy and grumpy, Sam looked up and had trouble suppressing a smirk. "G'morning."
With that thought in mind, Dean started wandering around the school again, looking for the short boy. He turned a corner... then another... then three more... What was it with the Shurleys and being so incredibly hard to find? After a while he spotted Balthazar. Maybe he'd know where to find Gabriel, but his classmate was with a couple of his siblings and Dean really wasn't in the mood for a repetition of what happened when he'd tried to talk to Cas.
"... then there really would be no stopping him. Come on, Dean, they're already acting like jackasses, do you really need to give them another reason to hate you?"
As he turned off the engine, the oldest Winchester grumbled a "Fine." Then he added, "I'm just looking out for you, alright."
Dean rolled his eyes and turned to put some of his books in his locker. He'd had enough of this whole situation. He didn't want to talk about it even more. So when the school bell finally rang Dean was almost happy he and his friends could get to class. Almost.
"Really?" Lucifer feigned surprise and looked at his locker in shock. "Oh my god, what are the odds? You think I'm psychic?"
And there the feeling better went. "Because of Michael." It wasn't a question. He knew it was the truth.
Dean walked into the building, preparing to start working on his bucket list. He immediately saw his group friends at their usual spot. Luckily Michael wasn't with them. Not yet at least.
Sam huffed and tears started to sting his eyes again. God, he didn't want to cry. He had been crying on and off all night, he was surprised he even had tears left to spill.
Dean was looking at him with a little smile and pulled-up eyebrows, as if to say 'hey look, I'm not the only one who's married to a dude'.
. He just had to. If there was one movie Cas had to see, it would be that one. He went to get them snacks and some drinks and they spent the rest of the evening next to each other on the couch. When the credits were rolling over the screen, Dean was as happy as could be. Unfortunately, it didn't last too long.
He quickly glanced around for a teacher who'd maybe see the inappropriate behavior going on, but he couldn't find any. He was just about to divert his eyes and ignore the whole damn thing, when the Trickster suddenly looked up and his gaze met Sam's. His eyes were so golden it surprised the Winchester boy and he seemed unable to look away. He told himself he was just refusing to let the Trickster embarrass him one time too many, but honestly he didn't know if he could've turned away even if he wouldn't have been. It was only then that it hit him he'd been staring at them quite obviously and the realization made a blush appear on his face. To his own despair the older boy noticed and gave him an arrogant smirk in return before putting his trademark red sucker in his mouth and licking it quite... suggestively. Sam immediately felt the heat spread across his cheeks even more and glared at the guy like he never had before. The Trickster just wiggled his eyebrows at him and then he looked away.
"Fine," Dean sighed and ran his hand through his hair. "Come on, let's see if there are any more surprises we should know about."
Lucifer's mouth met his in a heated kiss, all wet and fierce and harsh. He pressed his body down against Sam's and as the younger boy felt the obvious bulge against his groin, he couldn't remember how to breathe. His heart fluttered, every muscle in his body tensed in excitement. Sam didn't think he'd ever felt this way, this warm and wanted, this... well yeah, aroused. He didn't want it to stop. He didn't want Lucifer to stop. Or at least not immediately. Maybe he was being theatrical, but it was almost like Sam needed the boy on top of him more than his next breath, and he would rather die than let Lucifer ever leave him.
The guy in front of him was a little bit shorter than him. His dark hair was messy, like he'd barely put any effort in it, and he was wearing a white shirt, a blue tie and a tan trench coat, a strange combination that suited him surprisingly well. He seemed in a hurry, which would explain why he hadn't noticed Dean through the glass door. Dean had already checked if he was blind maybe, but he wasn't carrying a white stick, so he guessed not.
So Dean inwardly took a deep breath and went for it. He stood right beside Misha and filled the vase, keeping an eye on the man next to him. Just in case. You never knew. Once the vase was full, he placed the flowers in and hastily made his way to the kitchen table, where he put them down and went to sit next to his brother.
As soon as his flannel looked slightly presentable again, Dean put it back on, just to make it a bit less awkward in case anyone'd walk in. He'd already picked up his tee to start on that when he decided he needed to take a piss first... and maybe something else too. He got into one of the stalls and sat down, his anger finally starting to ease away. When he was done, he went to unlock the door and... couldn't. He tried again, a frown appearing on his face, but the lock wouldn't bulge.
"Can't promise that," Dean grinned and took a sip from his beer. "You're my little brother. Gotta make sure the guy's got his priorities straight."
Dean quickly nodded. "Right." He headed for the door, Sam closely behind, when Richard stopped them.
Now in a normal family that request probably wouldn't be that strange, normal people usually made friends on their own anyway. But the Shurleys... well, they weren't exactly normal. And they were absolutely terrible at making friends. Gabriel had basically scared away all of the other Thunderbirds in his year from day one by playing his tricks on them. And honestly, he didn't even care that he did. It had been quite amusing. Castiel was as antisocial as they came and only really hung out with Samandriel, who had always been a shy kid and was more than happy to stick with his fellow Pukwudgie brother.
Dean had no idea what that meant but he was pretty sure he didn't get that in his biology classes. Or any of the other people in high school for that matter. "What? Why?"
"Oh shut up, Dean," Michael snarled at him. "I know what you're gonna say but it's not true. It's not his fault. Lucifer left but our family was never the same again. We were a mess. The ones who weren't heartbroken by Lucifer's departure turned quiet. Lucifer broke apart our entire family. And we tried, we really did, but after a while Dad just couldn't take it anymore. He wanted to get away from there, the house where we used to be so happy. He bought the place on Cross Road and told us we were moving. Dad needed some time off, so he made sure everything was settled and then he was going on a holiday for a while, just to take a break from it all. He left me in charge and I've been trying to get things back the way they were ever since, so he can come back and everything will return to normal." He sighed with a kind of determination in it, as if that was the point to all of it, getting his father to come back.
And as he walked away, Dean did feel sorry for how things had ended. But he also felt a kind of relief as a weight he'd been carrying for weeks finally disappeared.
For a moment Castiel's eyes wandered to his brother, then he just looked back at the game. "He wanted to come. I don't know why though, he's been edgy for weeks."
All of his books fell out of his locker as he opened it, even though he had them always neatly arranged. He broke another chair, he tripped on something and dropped his lunch, he bumped into more people in one day than he had in the rest of his life. And when his history class was over and he was about to stand up and leave, his shoe laces had been tied together, which made him fall. Again.
"And you're so fearless when it comes helping any of us," Sam added. That's when he suddenly thought of something. "Did you talk to the hat?"
Just as Dean thought this day couldn't possibly get any worse, the school principle came out. Apparently, he'd been able to hear Dean curse as far as his office.
"You're friends with Shurley Senior. So tell him to keep his little brother under control. That's all I'm asking for."
"It's not just weird, Dean." Michael clenched and unclenched his fist and shook his head. "I can't believe he's doing this, it's just so typical of him, I don't know why I'm even surprised anymore."
"Well," Gabriel said, pouting his lips pensively. "Let's just say I got some things... arranged. You don't have to do much, just agree with the plan, let it happen, don't get in the way..."
"Well, if you put it like that..." Lucifer sighed in mocking voice. Then he shrugged again. "I just thought we needed a song, you know."
This conversation really wasn't going anywhere useful. Dean squeezed the bridge of his nose. "What do you think they are?"
Then a paper pellet hit the back of his head and he turned around with a frown. A couple of tables behind him Charlie gave him a cheeky grin.
As the Winchesters said their goodbyes, Sam set the table and Dean put down the pot of homemade mac and cheese. They sat down and even though they didn't really talk to each other, both of them knew something had changed. Somehow the tension from that morning had evaporated and made room for a silent feeling of acceptance. They didn't have the slightest idea why but as they looked at each other, they could both see something had happened in their brother's life. Something apparently big enough to put their quarrel on the side for now, although they knew they eventually still would have to sort that out too. They didn't know what it was the other had experienced today and they didn't ask. Both brothers just acknowledged something was going on in the other's mind and decided to let them be.
Of course he remembered their conversation from yesterday, but he completely understood why Dean didn't want Michael to know about him and Cas. At the same time, he felt a little bad though, since he had told Gabriel he would keep him posted. And sure, the guy had said that he wasn't on either side in the Lucifer/Michael debate, but there was still no way Sam completely trusted him, even if he was trying to make up for what he had done by giving Dean money. Too much had happened for that. But then again, if Gabriel really was sorry, maybe Sam should give him a chance to prove himself.
Dean shifted awkwardly at that, and Sam knew he was onto something. "Doesn't matter, it was nothing."
A couple of hours later they got back to the Impala and he offered to drop Michael off at home. He remembered his way to the Shurleys' house and when they got there, he was surprised by how normal it looked in the light of day. It was still huge of course, but it didn't look like a party castle anymore.
He allowed a moment of silence to pass by, just in case Dean wanted to spontaneously share something else. Apparently he didn't, which wasn't that much of a shocker, but he could try, right?
Dean had a great time. He had been dancing with Lisa and his friends all night. He actually still hadn't seen Balthazar yet but he didn't really care. He'd thank the guy some other time.
"He can't be that much older," Sam retorted, even though he had no idea why he was even playing defense here.
Lucifer smiled at him, sweet with the usual hint of playfulness. "I guess it's a good thing I like you too then."
Next chapter will (hopefully) be out February 15, just thought I'd give you guys a heads-up... Thanks for reading! :D
He contemplated the idea for a second. There was no way they could go to his house. Dean would kick Lucifer out immediately. But there was no harm in finding a quiet place to do it together. "Where?"
It was truly hilarious to see the boy's eyes turn big in shock, the other kids burst out in laughter and poor Crowley himself start to scream, as the Englishmen would say, 'bloody' murder. In fact, Gabriel was having the time of his life, popping a strawberry into his mouth.
"Oh, hell no," Crowley said and Dean shot daggers at him. Had the guy really just ruined his one chance of getting in?
"Millions," Castiel answered plainly and Dean burst out in laughter at the comment. The boy gave him a puzzled look but it didn't really get through to him.
Sam could have made another point of Gabriel really not being a nice person but that was probably useless. Instead he focused on that last message. If he hadn't been sure before, Gabriel reaching the same conclusion convinced him he was right.
Dean's eyebrows shot up and he looked at him in shock. "A hat?" When Sam just shrugged, he repeated, "A hat is going to tell us in which House we belong?"
Sam looked down at his own coffee. Although he appreciated the gesture, he wasn't in the mood for it. The warmth was kind of comforting though.
People started applauding again, Michael probably loudest of all. His chest swelled with pride as his father took a step back and Professor Holmes started speaking again.
Suddenly the two men were in the backseat of what appeared to be a pretty big car with tainted windows, driving along with the sunset. They exchanged a panicked look that seemed to be screaming the same question.
"I went over to him to explain how I was feeling about the whole situation. You could say things... escalated a bit."
Eventually Cas let out another sigh. "Dean, I don't think... Us being friends... Maybe it's not a good idea."
He sighed. "Alright, let's do it." He held out a hand and Cas grabbed it. His other clamped onto the partition for balance.
"Sure," she shrugged. "We're missing a Chaser but our usual Keeper isn't too bad at that too. You can take his place."
"Doesn't matter, Kev. You and Sam can fight it out later. Who cares if Charles and I temporarily aren't in the same House anyway. At least we got some friends already."
, Dean took the time to prepare dinner for when he'd get back home. The note had said 5 pm but who knew how long Balthazar was planning on talking to him. He made some pasta with chicken and tomato sauce and put it in the fridge to reheat it later. As he was cleaning the kitchen, he called Bobby.
Three hours later and Dean still hadn't accomplished a thing. Unfortunately Dean wasn't one to give up that easily.
He immediately blushed at that and felt a strange feeling in his stomach. So he quickly changed the subject. "What about you?"
"Aww, that's adorable," she laughed, keeping it quiet enough so no one would hear. "I'm Molly, by the way. Molly Hooper."
"Lucifer Shurley," he said, acting like it was the most evident thing in the world. It was worth the shot.
Looking over to see if Gabriel had gotten the message, Sam watched him immediately pull out his own phone to write an answer.
They exchanged a look, both of them knowing what Lisa had meant to Dean. To their family. First Jess, now Lisa... Nothing was right anymore.
Now Dean was even more at a loss. "What are you talking about, he's your brother. He should know you better than anyone in the world." At least that was the case between him and Sammy. Or that's what he'd thought before the last couple of weeks.
For a couple of seconds Sam was dumbfounded. This guy was a Shurley? But... Then he remembered what Lisa had told them about the Chuck Shurley's lost son and he laughed, shaking his head.
Dean gave him a wide grin while shaking his hand. "Dean Winchester. That's a unique name you've got there."
But then the angry and cold mask slid back in place and he continued, "He told me I had to choose; I obeyed him and did as he asked, or I could pack my things and get out."
He smiled at the thought of Sam being in his first year at law school. He was so incredibly proud of his little brother. Sure, almost one fifth of the population was born without the sense of hearing but it was still one of the less common disabilities and he could only imagine how little people got to go to college, let alone law school.
"Great," Misha said, turning towards the counter to start cutting the vegetables. "Jared, how did Rich do? Too bad I'm not in this episode and have to miss it. It would've been nice to have all of us work together another time. You guys didn't go too hard on him, did you?"
"Hi," he said, while getting seated beside him and taking a sip from his beer. "I don't think we've properly met yet. The name is Dean Winchester."
Lisa smiled at him, being it with a bit of worry in her eyes. "Of course, honey. Is everything okay?"
Sam's thoughts had come full circle and he was reminded of Lucifer again. He had been so convinced that he was somehow filling the hole that Chuck had made in Lucifer's heart but if he had to believe Castiel and Gabriel, Lucifer had never wanted it mended in the first place. Sam wondered if his own gap would ever heal. As he glanced across the table at Dean, he decided it had to. Lucifer didn't have a family, Sam had been his only friend and apparently he'd had no trouble pushing him away too. Sam had Dean and Kevin, his dad, Bobby and Ellen, Jo and Charlie. He had a family.
"Sam..." Lucifer started, and Sam suddenly hated him for being so calm. Sam's whole world was falling apart and he didn't even care...
Castiel had a feeling his brother had decided on what he wanted to know. Or who. "Very." He had no problem smirking at the annoyed look on Gabriel's face.
Michael laughed and continued eating. Dean sneakily glanced at him for a moment. Why had he ever thought this would be uncomfortable? Sure, at first he did think it was a little bit weird that Michael liked him, but now they were just hanging around together, it felt completely normal. They were friends, pretty good friends actually, even if they had only known each other for about a month. He wasn't going to give up on that for something so little.
They had always told him there was a right person for everyone, someone who completed your own personality in such a unique way it restored your missing sense. Some people even had multiple soulmates. There was little evidence for that but it happened. Over the years Sam had seen it on the news a couple of times. Researchers were currently trying to find out if everyone had multiple soulmates, but so far there was no proof for that. Some also claimed there were people without a soulmate but everybody knew it was impossible to tell. Nobody could meet all of their possible soulmates, no matter how much you wanted to. And if you'd found them but they died, there was still a chance there was another one for you out there.
"Honey, that's amazing, I'm so happy for you." Then she turned to Sam. "For both of you, of course."
"Oh for Merlin's beard!" John exclaimed. "How many times do I have to tell you? Ketch is a sociopath, you're not supposed to date sociopaths!"
Crowley scowled at him but then snatched away the money. "Deal." He turned around and walked back into the club.
They reached the school's entrance and walked outside. First period would start soon so most people were already in.
"You're in Sam's class, right? I remember you from the party. I'm sorry if I was a little rude back then, I was just worried about my brother."
Gabriel honestly didn't think they looked that threatening but who knew? "Alright. Keep away from the creeps, got it."
. Yeah, in Gabriel's case it was almost a good thing their dad didn't have that much time for his kids. He didn't mind. It was probably to be expected if your father was the President of MACUSA.
"You too," the shy voice answered, clearly not used to talking a lot. He didn't know exactly why but Gabriel thought there was something quite adorable about the insecurity in Sam's voice.
For some reason, Sam found that hard to believe. Gabriel had put a shitload of effort into warning him about Lucifer and he still didn't understand why. It made him think that Gabriel might care a lot more than he liked to admit.
"Where to next?" Lucifer asked. They had decided to hang around a bit before going to have dinner at the Roadhouse and then heading to The Cage, so they had plenty of spare time.
"Well, I'm sorry, Dean, but you haven't exactly been brother of the year either. We've barely talked for the last couple of weeks and I know that's partially on me, but it's on you too. You have put me off every time I tried to have a decent conversation, you've completely ignored my opinion on Lucifer, you have shut me out and you have put me aside because of this secretive stuff you won't tell me about and I have taken it, thinking to myself that if you wanted to talk about, you would, but this, having
Michael's younger brother hadn't been easy on him. He'd kept on asking what this was about and Dean evidently went on avoiding the question.
Dean felt the sudden urge to throw down his phone but he knew it wouldn't help him. "Dammit, Sammy," he muttered under his breath. He dialed his brother immediately but as expected Sam didn't pick up. He was just about to get in the car when he noticed a familiar figure walking onto the parking lot.
"I still can't get how there can be so many of them," Sam said, still watching Chuck Shurley's children. He had tried counting them several times now, but failed miserably so far. Somehow he lost count every time. "How many children does he have?"
"You're bi?" Sam finally let out in disbelief, and the other Winchester immediately raised his hand.
this, but holy shit, this was moving fast. Not that he didn't like it but... Lucifer thrust into him and he let out a loud moan.
Sam looked up in surprise, not even so much as considering Dean might have found out about him and Lucifer. That would be impossible. And yet there was something about the calmness in Dean's voice, that worried him. What he saw in his brother's eyes was a mixture of hurt and maybe disappointment, and Sam had no idea what to think about it. "Tell you what?"
"Oh," Sam awkwardly let out. He doubted if anyone had ever asked him those things so straight forward before. "I uhm... I want to go to law school. Always have."
"You know, your friends really shouldn't have sent you off to fetch everything on your own," the lady said in a worried voice.
After another ten minutes he finally found Sammy. His brother was holding a glass of water but that was about the only reason to assume he was sober. He was swaying on his legs a bit and seemed to have trouble focusing. The realization hit Dean straight in the face. Was Sammy drunk?
His boyfriend sighed and got off of the bed before looking back at him. "Sam, I know this isn't you. What happened?"
Sam felt like his heart had just dropped into his stomach. The words shocked him. He'd never even thought about that and he was pretty sure it wasn't something worth considering. But now the idea was there and he couldn't get it out anymore. He didn't even question Lucifer knowing about Jess.
Sam laughed at his brother's disappointment. "Well, what did you expect? It's not exactly a surprise. We already knew we just don't really have anything in common."
Adam secretly took a deep breath before asking, "Would you maybe like to play a game together sometime?" As soon as he had spoken the words, he felt as if his heart had stopped beating in anticipation.
At that point Sam felt like throwing his arms around the boy he had started to love and just hold him, for as long as needed to take away the pain he saw in those blue eyes. But honestly, he didn't know how Lucifer would take that. Sam had never seen him like this, this honest, this fragile, this... pure. Lucifer was all fun, sarcasm and carelessness. That was the guy Sam knew how to deal with. And he couldn't be more grateful that Lucifer had allowed him to see this side of him, but somehow that only made him more scared of doing something to ruin it. The last thing he wanted was for Lucifer to shut him out again. So all Sam could do was nod at him sympathetically and hope Lucifer would feel he was there for him.
Sam's heart skipped a beat at that and had barely any time to recover, because before he knew it, Lucifer closed the space between them and pressed his lips against Sam's. It was a nice kiss, short and passionate, and when Lucifer pulled away again, Sam could only wish it had lasted longer. His heart was hammering in his chest, his eyes big with shock. He couldn't believe that just happened and yet he was happy it had. Although he had to admit he had no idea what it meant. Probably because his brain wasn't functioning that well. It seemed to have crashed the moment Lucifer kissed him.
Dean gave a nod back and patted him on the shoulder. "I'm gonna get dressed real quick but I'll be right back, alright?"
He was just about to pull the door open when it nearly flew at him, and he only jumped backwards just in time to avoid a blow in the face.
Sam looked back at his brother and saw that Castiel was talking to him. He was speaking too quietly for Sam to hear what he was saying but whatever it was, it seemed to be working. Dean still had a challenging look on his face but he did take a couple steps back before turning around and walking back to Sam and their friends. Castiel stepped back to the rest of his family too, who were still eyeing him suspiciously.
For a moment Sam panicked: he had been following the guy for minutes after all. But the only thing he got was a playful smile, before the Shurley continued his way. Somehow Sam felt like he was actually inviting the Winchester to follow him. So that's what he did.
Then the attention of both of them was distracted by the two strangers. For some reason the short boy smacked the other one a couple of times with his white stick, appearing to be yelling something Sam couldn't lip-read. The new guy just stood there, apparently unmoved.
"Well, I want to help people," he smiled thinking about the possibility of that future. "I want them to get justice, you know? There's so much wrongdoing in this world, so many people who don't get what they deserve, if I can put just a fraction of that right..." He shook his head. "It's stupid, I know."
"Except that he's dead," Sam said as quietly as possible. He really didn't want to freak out their driver, who he now remembered seeing the last time they were here too.
Castiel was still confused. But then again he was also glad his brother seemed to be making a new friend. Michael would be very happy with the progress they'd made.
For some reason this infuriated him. So now his girlfriend was dead they spontaneously felt bad for him? Now they were sorry about how they'd played him? Well, he didn't want their pity. If they were gonna trick him, fine, but at least they could have had the balls to not just drop out just because he'd turned into a pathetic little wreck. The least they could've done was trick him properly and treat him like a normal person.
"Good," Dean said. Then he realized what he'd just said. "I mean, that's not... it's good that... we... get to have some time... you know?"
Sam raised an eyebrow at him and huffed. "How about the most obvious question?" he said, gesturing in his direction. "What happened to your jacket?"
"Sure, no problem," Castiel replied and Gabriel could hear the smile in his brother's voice. "I needed to be here anyway."
Adam turned back to his plate to try to hide the smile on his face. He knew it was nothing, really. It couldn't even be called a date. But it was a first step, more than he'd ever gotten, and he'd be damned if he wouldn't write Jo about this the next chance he got.
Dean started to feel like this conversation wouldn't be going anywhere so he decided to interfere. "So... Ketch?"
He kept out an eye for Jess as well, Kevin, Benny, Charlie, anyone he or Sam knew and could have some sort of information. Eventually it landed on a Shurley boy he knew was in one of Sam's classes. He recognized him because the guy always seemed to be wearing the same brown trenchcoat.
His friends had been worried about him all day and Dean honestly couldn't blame them. Jess, Sam, Lisa, Michael, Cas... Every single one of them had left in their own way. And of course Charlie, Benny and Jo meant the world to him but there were only so many people Dean could handle losing in just a few months. To say he was angry wouldn't feel right. Well, he was pissed but more than that he felt... lost. And he hated that.
Sam knew his brother had a pretty good point there, but he couldn't help feeling bad for their supposed fans. "We'll see if we can find a way out later, okay?"
"Pumpkin tart would be great, thank you," Hot Guy smiled and Gabriel felt his intestines melt. He wasn't picky, checked out people quite often in fact, but this young wizard really was something else.
"Of course he's told me he-" And then he stopped, and he couldn't help but play back all of the conversations they'd had.
But apparently he did. Sam couldn't remember Dean ever betraying him like this. "Fine," he said in a frigid voice and pushed past him. When he got to the front of the building, he couldn't help but glance a look at the shining red Corvette and he felt a twinge in his stomach. Lucifer had even suggested Dean could check it out if he wanted to.
"It's Balthazar." And then he strode off to a chair at the back of the classroom, before Dean even got a chance to introduce himself.
"Bad conscience?" his classmate asked. Dean didn't know how else to identify him. They'd had a period one might have considered them friends but this was Crowley: the guy didn't just make friends, unless they served a useful purpose. Right now they were on good terms with each other but Crowley had no problem switching sides when it suited him.
When he just shrugged, Lucifer joined him to his surprise, grabbed his hands and spun them around in the rain. Sam started laughing and couldn't stop even after Lucifer had let go of him. They could still hear the music from The Cage and it didn't take them long to begin dancing around, splashing about and kicking the puddles to get other one as wet as possible. They laughed and yelled so hard they probably woke up the entire neighborhood but they didn't care. They were having too much fun to even think about something like that.
Castiel looked at him. "You're wearing green pants and a red and white striped shirt, nothing will match that, Gabriel."
Dean had been on campus a few times but honestly he didn't understand how any student could find their way here. The place was a maze. He started off in the same direction Sam took every morning but after following some paths, taking a few turns and even crossing a street - what kind of school needed a street in it? - he still hadn't found a building that said 'Law School'.
The boy shot him a surprised look. "Right." He put out his hand. "My name is Castiel. Castiel Novak."
"I know," the other boy said and Dean immediately thought back at the conversation they'd had at the Shurleys'.
"Wait, what?" her boyfriend asked, confusion on his face. "How can they all be bisexual? I mean, is that even a criteria you can fill in on an adoption application?"
At the end of the day Dean was so tired he'd laid down his head on his desk in surrender. He'd thought splitting up with Lisa would move things along a bit, but so far that wasn't the case at all. On the contrary, now his friends were suspicious and curious as to why they broke up, he was still avoiding Michael and Lisa now as well and his brother was still clinging to Lucifer.
"Because he's not here!" Michael yelled and Dean basically jumped back at the anger in his eyes. "I can't talk to him because Lucifer chased him away!"
He sat up straight and got out his phone underneath the table. Time to take matters into his own hands.
"No, no," he hastily answered. He was well aware of all of them staring at him when he looked away again. "She should be at school, but uhm... She's probably not gonna join us."
Just speechless, he spread his arms, opening his mouth, closing it again and eventually just saying, "Are you serious right now?"
"Yeah, now you mention it, how many of you are there?" he grinned, taking another pull from his drink.
"He sounds like a good friend," Sam smiled and immediately noticed the change in Dean's eyes. He decided it would probably be better not to mention it though.
"Rumor also has it he's dating Holmes," Mick added in a whisper, making both of the Americans immediately look back at the two teachers. Professor Holmes was talking to the President and Lestrade seemed very focused on his food.
When they got to school, Sam almost immediately left his side to go find Lucifer. His little brother had been a little quiet last night, and Dean had been worried maybe something had happened between him and Lucifer but that morning Sam seemed to be back to his usual behavior so he guessed they were alright. Good. He'd kill that asshole if he hurt Sammy.
"He'd never do that," Sam said and shook his head. He didn't know what the Trickster wanted with them but he had to be lying.
"But..." he tried, although he had no idea how to finish his sentence. He didn't know what to say, what to think even.
Walking into their living room, Castiel frowned. "How can you possibly think he was cute? You barely talked to him."
Dean decided to ignore the message and walked towards the library. Most people were leaving now classes were over, so there weren't too many students anymore. Which was a good thing since he would never have found Cas if it had been crowded. He did not have enough library experience for that.
He wanted to answer, he really did, wanted to get it all out of the way and break down a final time, but the words didn't come out of his mouth. Where was he even supposed to start? He was still having problems processing what had happened himself.
Lucifer got out his phone and a pair of earbuds. He plugged them in, then handed Sam one while he did something on the phone. Sam took it with a frown and put it in his ear. He was just about to ask what was going on when music started playing, confusing him even more. He didn't know the song and didn't have a clue why Lucifer would make him listen to it.
And of course it didn't help their dad was joining them too, even though he'd already be leaving again after a few days. Gabriel guessed he was probably with some of the teachers in a separate compartment now. Maybe he'd even be discussing his children with them. That would certainly result in quite some surprises since his father basically knew nothing at all about their education. Well, except from Michael's of course. His older brother always made sure his dad was well aware of the grades he got. Gabriel just hoped his teachers would be too polite to tell Chuck about all the skeletons in his closet. Merlin knew he had
"You can set the table if you like," Dean shrugged before turning on the stove. "Plates are in the second cupboard, cutlery in the top drawer."
The guy rolled his bright green eyes at him. "Right. If I'm not mistaken, your people calls them No-Majs. Ridiculous word if you ask me. Anyway, her notebook, she even uses a ballpoint pen, it all screams Muggle, so either she is really interested in the subject and has studied it profoundly, or her parents are Muggles. Probably the second, otherwise she wouldn't be carrying around their materials. Plus, wizards don't do stickers and Muggles don't walk around with Ilvermorny symbols, so the sticker has to be handmade, computer-made to be exact since it would be drawn too perfect. Therefore she knows her way around with computers quite well, even more than most Muggles, ergo, she is creative
Dean frowned, thinking back at everything that had happened last night. Could Lucifer be the same guy Sam had gone out with? "So our brothers are best friends now. That's... weird."
"That's alright," Sam replied and gave his shoulder a reassuring squeeze before letting go. "And you don't have to talk about it if you don't want to. Just know that you can."
His brother smiled a little. Personally, Dean didn't care about finding his soulmate but he knew Sammy really wanted him to meet them. Of course Sam deserved it much more than he did and besides, not being able to taste anything was way less of a problem than being deaf. So if it was up to Dean, his brother would find his soulmate long before his wish was fulfilled.
"Are you sure?" Sam asked and his stomach clenched together with worry. He really didn't want to hurt Lucifer or make him in any way think Sam didn't care that much about him...
So then why did his chest still feel like it'd shrunk three sizes even after he'd rounded the corner?
"You know, I'm actually curious about them now," Mick said. "You two should teach us about them sometime."
That got Cas's attention and immediately his questioning look was pointed towards Dean. "What? He talked to Sam?"
Sam looked at him guiltily and mumbled an apology, but there was still a hint of a smile at the corner of his mouth.
They arrived at the Shurleys' house and Michael got out instantly, speeding towards the front door so they wouldn't lose too much time. He came back after only two minutes max.
"Oh no, no no no," Crowley interrupted him, grabbing him by the arm and starting to drag him back towards the entrance. "No time for that."
His brother looked at him offendedly. "You honestly think I'd let a psychopath like that talk to you?"
But more importantly he couldn't help but wonder what Michael had told his brother. Whatever it was, Sam wouldn't let it destroy his friendship with Lucifer. What he'd said to Dean was true. When he was with Lucifer, it made him feel... alive, in a way. More than usual. Definitely more than after what happened to Jess. And he wasn't going to give up on that.
"Listen, this is an extraordinary event for all of us," his older brother continued. "The four of us have been chosen for this special occasion and it is our duty to not screw it up." Okay, so maybe his gaze rested on Gabriel a little longer than it did on their other brothers. "Now, we're all nervous but that's perfectly normal, alright? We're heading into unfamiliar territory and it's gonna be quite the adjustment. Of course we will always have each other but it's still basically like our first day at Ilvermorny. We'll be in different years and probably different Houses too, just like at home. Maybe we'll be a little less divided, maybe even more. But whatever happens later today, whatever Houses we get into, I want the three of you to do one thing for me." He locked eyes with each one of them before saying, "I want you to make some friends in your Houses. Locals, if possible. Because we're all new to this, so if you need anything, at anytime, you've gotta have someone who can help you."
be," Less Hot Guy noted. "It's about what she prefers. And I think she'd prefer to be a Hufflepuff."
"Oh, alright," Lucifer said before throwing him that "innocent" smile of his. "We'll call it a rain check." Sam had a feeling he knew all too well what Lucifer meant by "rain check".
"Yes, Mick actually even has a tendency of falling in love with one of the worst Slytherins," John stated dryly.
And as for Michael himself... the guy sometimes really could be an arrogant dick if he wanted to. He was the Wampus Quidditch captain, the best Chaser Ilvermorny had seen in years, a Prefect, the Head Boy and the oldest member of the famous and prestigious Shurley family. The entire school looked up to him and he was damn well aware of it. The kids that weren't intimidated by him basically kissed his ass and although Michael quite enjoyed his reputation, he wasn't a fan of suck-ups. The only one who wasn't afraid to stand up to him was one of his Wampus classmates, a boy who took every opportunity to bring Michael down a bit. Michael claimed to be extremely annoyed by it and to hate the guy's guts, but Gabriel didn't buy it. In fact, he was pretty sure Michael secretly enjoyed someone treating him like a normal person, even though he would never admit it out loud.
Lucifer acted like the words had shocked him to the bone. "Sammy, I'm offended! That hurts my feelings, you know!"
"Well, it's not like I'm socializing with the entire family," he mumbled. "Michael and Cas are my friends and I'm happy to go to Balthazar's parties but that's it."
Without nothing else to do he looked around a bit. Most students who finished at this hour had already left. There was a shorter boy waiting at the bus stop, but that was about it. He was leaning against the bus sign and Sam would have told him to be careful because the thing didn't look very trustworthy, but then noticed the folded white stick the guy was fiddling with, swinging it back and forth, and he refrained. He had met blind people before and it was extremely difficult for him to communicate with them.
Sam hesitated for a second. He took his phone out but he didn't have any messages so Dean mustn't have come home yet. He would soon though and when he did, he'd probably worry about where Sam was at.
Then the other boy spoke again and Dean didn't have to see his face to notice he was getting frustrated as well. "I don't know, Dean, give me a second. It's not like locks are usually easy to open from the outside."
Both Sam and Kevin's jaw dropped and Dean burst out laughing. Charlie gave them a grin as well and then walked towards the first table to their left.
Sam rolled his eyes, to which Lucifer only put a step closer to him, if that was even possible. "You didn't answer my question..."
Bobby gave him a look and Sam had the feeling he could see right through him. "Good. I like him. He's a nice kid, been your friend since day one."
Oh so that's why... "Yeah," Dean answered a little surprised. "Although 'best' may be a bit overreacted. You've heard of him?"
"No problem. I can handle," Dean said with a confident smile, which the other boy returned instantly. "So are the both of you in college here?"
Later that day Sam was waiting for Lucifer at the older boy's locker so they could go have lunch together as usual. As he was on the lookout for his boyfriend however, his attention was suddenly caught by something else entirely.
"Would you have listened if I had?" the Trickster backfired. "Don't play dumb with me, Sam, we both know you don't like me, or anyone in my family for that matter. Not that I don't understand, but let's face it, you just would've thought I was another one of Michael's minions and brushed me off. Not to mention Lucifer never would've allowed me to even come near you."
A couple of seconds passed in silence and then the older Winchester carefully asked, "So... did he have anything important to say?"
Sam narrowed his eyes at him. "Quit the small talk. I know it was you who messed with Dean yesterday."
Crowley laughed at him like something about this situation was really ironic to him. He shook his head and said, "Oh you don't have to take the car, Winchester. It's right here."
Gabriel put his hand out again and it was grabbed and shaken by a smoother one. "Pleasure meeting you," he said, articulating as well as possible in the hope he could hear that voice again.
"You're not," the Winchester replied immediately. "I wouldn't be offering if I didn't mean it. And you'll like my friends, I promise."
The Trickster averted his eyes and turned back to what Sam presumed was his locker. The short guy didn't pay any more attention to him or Lucifer, so he decided to just ignore it. In the meantime Lucifer had opened the door to an empty classroom and motioned for Sam to go in.
And apparently he hadn't been subtle about it. "It's nothing, man," he lied. "Just a bad night of sleep. And with everything that's been going on lately..."
Kali remained silent for a moment, and he heard her take a sip of her own drink. He knew she loved to keep him guessing, so he waited patiently. Call him arrogant, but he knew what she'd say eventually.
And that's when Richard closed the space between them and Sam's heart skipped a beat out of surprise. "You know you're never bothering me, Mr. Padalecki," the other man said, back with the eyebrows and Sam had to swallow back a lump in his throat. Before he got even the smallest chance to recover, Richard grabbed him by the collar, pulled him down and crashed their lips together.
"Why not? Maybe we can find a lead!" Sam protested. "If not there, then maybe on our way over. That's where we were dropped."
Michael let out a sarcastic laugh. "Like you're one to talk. You're dad's gone too and I don't see you complaining, do I?"
Just as he was about to give up and go home, he recognized a familiar figure coming out of a bakery.
It was 6 a.m. when Dean slipped out of the bed. He quickly got dressed, trying not to wake the girl. Then he got two small pillboxes from his pocket, opening them carefully. Both of them contained little white crystals. He licked his finger, put it in one of the boxes and licked it again. He repeated the ritual with the second box. Nothing. A shame, really.
Sam rolled his eyes and opened his locker to get his books. Lucifer rested his head against the locker next to it. "So what are our plans tonight?"
Sam gasped at the events in surprise and then pointed his gaze towards the boy who'd caught the mysterious object. He didn't know the guy's name but he had seen him before. He was one of the older Shurleys, a Senior like Michael. Balthazar just kept on walking though, not even looking at the other one.
He approached the group of kids, glad he could finally have a chance to find out what had been going on with Cas. Unfortunately, the Shurleys turned out to have a different opinion about that.
Castiel shook his head. "I honestly don't know, Dean. How do you expect me to understand these feelings if you haven't even identified them yet?"
Lucifer interrupted him with an understanding smile. "Of course." He then gave Sam a quick peck on the lips before turning around and heading towards. "Come on, Sammy," he said with a mocking look. "We don't wanna be late for class now, do we?"
Immediately his younger brother's eyes grew big, his jaw dropped and that was all the confirmation Dean needed.
Now Dean had two options. The easiest one would be to accept their fate and let it go. But he'd already needed to let go so often lately and this whole Michael situation was getting ridiculous. "No."
Sam pulled up his eyebrows. "Oh you know, just the difference between the clearly annoyed Dean that walked in through the front door and this piece of sunshine. What happened?"
He doubted if this conversation would go anywhere useful, so he decided it would be better to just drop it. "Alright, I'm sorry, okay?"
Dean raised his hands in surrender. What else was he supposed to do anyway? "Fine. I'll do what I can."
"Oh fuck off, Michael!" Gabriel snapped at his brother and Dean completely forgot what it was he'd wanted to say when the smaller boy pushed past him.
Speaking off hell, Sam had decided on something. He was going to find out who had been tricking him for the past few days. It had to be one and the same person, because there was no way all the incidents had just happened coincidentally. Sam was sure of that. So he was going to bust whoever it was and confront them with it. The fun had been taken out of it as soon as they'd gotten him drunk.
She nodded towards the cellphone in his pocket and raised her eyebrows questioningly. When he just shrugged, she rolled her eyes, looked down at her lap and Dean knew he'd get a text within seconds.
"Whoops, sorry," the girl that walked out casually said, continuing her way without barely even looking at him.
"Oh," Dean cleverly said. Then he decided an actual conversation would probably help the situation a lot better than that. "Yeah okay, I think I'm gonna meet with J-Jared anyway so..."
Misha gave him a small, curious smile. "I don't know what happened on set today but I'm liking what it's done to you."
"So what, five children a year, four grades, that's twenty children?" Sam exclaimed. "That's insane."
Dean quickly raised his hands. "Whoa there, Sammy, that's a lot of assumptions, not to mention crazy. Why is it so impossible that they just act alike?"
Now Sam's second eyebrow joined the first, and for a moment it looked like he didn't know what to say. Then he suddenly seemed to reach a conclusion.
The look on Michael's face had turned back to a slight frown but Dean could still see the hurt in his eyes. "Just like I said. He isn't here."
Dean nodded and unlocked the laptop, opening the web browser and turning the screen so Sam could follow along. "Alright, let's see... Where do we start?"
If Misha noticed at all, he didn't mention it. "I saw the spare key is gone. Did you use it?" he just said and took off his jacket.
Dean thought. And only then did he notice the ridiculously broad grin plastered on his brother's face.
With a start Dean realized he had never actually asked any of the other Shurleys about Lucifer. "You think he's a bad person too?"
Luckily, whoever took his clothes had left his bag behind. It was hardly a comfort though. Dean was pissed. Real pissed. He loved that leather jacket and he was gonna make sure the asshole that took it would be regretting his decision for the rest of his life.
Then Gabriel suddenly caught a whiff of hibiscus flowers, and he stopped dead in his tracks. He sniffed the air once more before the corners of his mouth turned up into a grin and he smoothly swiveled to the left. "Hello, Kali."
Dean was a bit annoyed but answered nevertheless. "There's supposed to be something going on this weekend?"
Castiel simply ignored them. He was used to this sort of reactions when people found out who his father was. The hat was placed on his head and after a couple of seconds, it shouted, "HUFFLEPUFF!"
"Then let's ask him," Dean decided. "He owes me one. Let's just confront him when we get the chance and see what he has to say."
They played like that for at least an hour before Dean was so tired he went to grab another beer as a refreshment. He only noticed then Michael's brothers were still sitting by the tree. One of them, a short guy with golden hair, had actually climbed up onto one of the branches and was eating gummy bears without paying attention to what was going on below him. The other one was sitting a little further off, watching the play attentively.
Gabriel actually had to think for a second what in hell a "Gryffindor" was, before he remembered what his brother told him only a couple of minutes earlier.
"He really shouldn't have bothered bringing the two of you though," he continued. "No point in putting so much effort into it while it's hopeless anyways."
"And that is so very noble of you," the older boy noted, sarcasm clear in his voice. "But here's the thing: one way or another, there's gonna be a moment when Lucifer decides he's had enough of his plaything and will break Sam's heart. Now, do you want to warn him before that happens or not?"
Dean shook off the thought. He had enough problems as it was. In attempt to make himself useful he walked out again, trying to call Sam a second time. No answer. He made a drive across town, hoping to catch a glimpse of Sam along the way. He passed by the most popular places to hang out, the park, the Roadhouse, bars, anything he could think off. Nothing. He dropped his head backwards in a loud sigh.
Lisa gave him an understanding nod. "Well, it's still Dean, so that's to be expected I guess. I'm just worried about him, you know?"
Michael and some of the other Shurleys were standing not too far away from his brother. The look most of them were shooting Dean and Castiel didn't bode well, Sam thought.
"You deceived me for months! I fought my brother for you! I defended you against my family! I defended you against
He wandered through the hallways, on the lookout for Balthazar. From what Dean had told him, he'd figured the guy was quite the troublemaker. And of course he was also the one who had invited him to the party. Sure, it was his party and he hadn't invited Sam directly but it was the only thing he could go by right now.
"No problem," his boyfriend quickly answered, a broad smile on his lips. "If it means getting you into my bedroom, it's worth it."
Michael immediately noticed the worry in his eyes and looked at him sympathetically. "You want my help?" he offered.
Lucifer had noticed his hesitation and leaned on the passenger's door. "You're not going to back down now, are you?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.
Don't get him wrong, he loved his brother, but Michael had the annoying habit of taking his job as the head of the family very seriously. And that included speeches.
Dean gave him a quick wink before leaving his brother by himself, acting a lot more confident than he felt. As soon as he sat down, he couldn't help but think,
He opened a browser on his computer and started typing. Statistics, newspapers, dating websites... Everyone had something different to say about soulmates and sometimes Sam didn't know what to believe. If it weren't for their parents, he probably wouldn't even be sure anymore soulmates really existed. But they had made him believe.
After a few seconds of silence Dean let out a sigh and shook his head. "Can we please talk about this when we get home?"
and put his phone away. Meanwhile Lucifer led him down the stairs and they entered a room with a surprising amount of people for this time of the day.
"Awesome," Dean replied and started texting their dad. He got interrupted when a cute girl with dark hair wrapped her arms around him from behind.
When he got to the cafeteria, he noticed his brother was already sitting by himself at one of the smaller tables. Dean smiled and joined him. It felt good to spend some time alone with his brother. It had been way too long.
"Oh my gosh, you are my new best friend," Lisa said as she began to dig through the food. It was only one of the reasons why Dean loved her so much.
He gasped for air at the sudden touch, palming him through his jeans, and his brain went into overdrive. Not that it didn't feel nice - of course it felt nice - but Sam's mind was at once speeding towards the finish line of the direction this was going in. And he wasn't too certain about that specific direction.
Even though almost everything that came out of Lucifer's mouth had some kind of hidden meaning behind it, the guy still managed to catch Sam off guard sometimes. He was getting better at handling them though.
"It happened last night," he said after a long while. "We fought, and eventually he basically admitted that he didn't love me. So then I left and went to Kevin's."
He froze in place, who knew for how long, before his brain decided to do its job again and he realized he should probably do something. The thing was that he was supposed to be Jared. Richard's husband. Who would totally not freeze or freak out at something as normal and simple as a kiss. That meant Sam had only one option left, really, and that was to just go with it.
"Alright," he said. "You go find that trailer of yours again. We need a place to do research. I'll go in to check if the spot from last time's still there and see if there's anything else to find out."
Molly put on a pensive look. "Maybe. But they'll have to listen to me anyway. Since I'm the captain."
"I don't know," Lucifer decided. "I just do. You would too if you'd met you." Then he turned around and started walking back to the club. "Wanna go dance some more?"
Sam followed him through the hallways, until they eventually got to a pretty quiet one. Lucifer quickly looked around, probably to check if there weren't any teachers around, and Sam automatically did the same thing. His eyes didn't land on a teacher though. Instead they met with some familiar golden ones.
The younger Winchester looked back at the guy at the bus stop. A bus had just arrived but the golden haired boy didn't get in.
Castiel let out an exasperated sigh. Why didn't it him surprise that was the only thing Gabriel had remembered?
"Then who?" Charlie asked before stepping in front of him, blocking his way. Yep, she really wasn't gonna let go of this.
