The morning had started like any other. Steve was up early making breakfast for his family when Tony sauntered into the kitchen and wrapped him in a hug, humming a quick good morning. It was such a small moment of tenderness but it was something Steve always found himself looking forward to, a reminder that the man he had married was still there. They had been exchanging lazy kisses, still locked in an embrace when Peter had shuffled into the kitchen rubbing sleep from his eyes. Steve felt Tony’s body stiffen against his. He went to tighten his grip on the smaller man when Tony had blurted out the question asking who the kid was, and Steve’s arms fell to his side in defeat.
The sound of skin slapping can be heard through the room, and Tony can feel the beginning of his orgasm start to bloom. He’s cussing and moaning, drowning in pleasure galore; the telltale warming is starting, beginning in his core.
“Yeah, messy, not tetanus.” Tony smoothes a gentle hand down Peter’s back absentmindedly, smoothing out his little button-down shirt, a complete contrast to his passive-aggressive tone. “Besides, we’re here for pictures so he needs to be moderately presentable,” Tony offers as an afterthought. It’s a feeble attempt to keep his little baby in his arms, although it has less to do with the state of the dirty mall floor and everything to do with cherishing his son for as long as possible.
The moment is short-lived when Tony can feel Peter becoming dead weight in his already weary arms, which is not a good sign. This whole escapade has taken much longer than they anticipated and Peter is due for his nap. It’s a lose-lose situation. If they’re lucky, he’ll fall asleep while they continue to wait, but with all the commotion surrounding him, Tony isn’t holding his breath. Besides, a short nap could be just as disastrous as skipping one altogether. Either way, it looks like they might be in store for a cranky baby of their own.
Tony looks into Steve’s eyes like he’s trying to see if this is somehow a trap, so Steve maintains eye contact and waits for Tony to nod and pick up one of the s’mores before he grabs his own. He takes a bite of his portion, aware of the eyes fixed on his expression to see if it twists in disgust. The s’mores are mouthwatering though so Steve has no issues swallowing and gazing expectantly at Tony for him to do the same.
Tony is two seconds away from decking the guy practically pressed against him that clearly doesn’t understand personal space. He is screeching into his phone like he isn’t in a crowded space, while his rugrats irk everyone’s nerves by running back and forth, bumping into the legs of everyone else in line or screaming at the top of their lungs. One of the little banshees knocks into Tony’s knee on his dash back through the line and Tony’s legs practically give out.
“So, you’re saying I’m your first?”
Steve’s lips against his own are delicate and sweet, and Tony finds he has trouble controlling his heartbeat. A tongue swipes across his lip asking to be let in, and Tony complies, granting him access with a tilt of his chin.
What use is a genius without his intellect? What does an engineer do if he cannot create? Steve’s not sure how long they sat huddled together on the floor listening to Tony ask the questions he had no answers for between his labored breaths as he continued to cry. Promises were all Steve had to offer. He reminded his husband of their vows. There was no assurance that they would beat it, without a cure Steve knew they couldn't. He could only guarantee that Tony would never face it alone. Steve would stay by his side until the end of the line, no matter the obstacles that would arise. And while he didn’t voice it, Steve was frightened that for once their love wouldn’t conquer all, that he wouldn’t be enough to support Tony, that he couldn’t keep his promises.
Yep, it was Bucky’s fault alright. Him and his stupid crush. As soon as he found out that Sam had applied to work as an elf for the holiday to earn a little extra cash, Bucky had ran to the mall and signed up not only himself but Steve too to work at the “North Pole.” The fucker hadn’t even had the decency to tell him until the morning of their first shift when he’d barreled into Steve’s room and threw his newest fashion statement for the next month and a half onto his head, declaring he’d better “get a move on bitch or we’ll be late.” It was also on Bucky that Steve was currently stuck on clean up duty- a two elf job- by himself. True, Steve had agreed to it, but there was begging involved, the kind with puppy dog eyes and promises to do his laundry for a month if Steve would let him skip out early to go out with Sam. At least those two finally got their shit together and realized they were crazy about each other. A silver lining, he supposes.
He has to shut one of his eyes to be able to see it clearly without going cross-eyed, but it doesn’t look too bad at first glance. The dagger- that’s what Steve’s going to label it and he feels perfectly justified in doing so-  is sticking out of the middle of his tongue, clearly wedged under a layer of skin. It isn’t too deep of an incision, though. He can pretty much see the tip of the dagger through his skin it’s that thin- and wasn’t that something that Steve never needed to see let alone feel. Now it made perfect sense why he never felt the desire to go for that tongue piercing when Natasha dared him to over spring break.
They stare at each other, locked in a stalemate- Tony clearly wanting to ignore the information he’d unintentionally given Steve and Steve refusing to let it go- until Tony finally sighs and begrudgingly admits, “I may have been at Santa’s Workshop more than a couple of times this past month.”
“Well, it might have been more like window shopping,” Tony corrects, dragging his gaze up and down Steve’s body, making his meaning obvious. Tony’s been coming to the mall and walking by Santa’s Workshop to see him. Tony, beautiful, smart Tony spent the past month checking out Steve. God, he’d looked less than flattering too, wearing that costume and making faces at the children to keep them from crying.
Shop successfully packed up and his clothes back in semi-decent order, Steve heads down the darkened employee hallway back to where Tony’s waiting for him. He’s still fiddling on his phone, but somehow Steve can tell that it’s no longer work related. He looks more relaxed, leaning back on the bench as though he owns it, a small grin adorning his face when the phone dings with the overly happy music that declares a level has been won. Steve’s never seen anything more beautiful. He’s already got the beginning etchings of a painting formulating in the back of his mind by the time he makes it over to him.
Seeming to sense Steve’s wariness, Tony runs back through the conversation in his head, the exact moment he realizes his slip up obvious by the sharp intake of breath through his nose.
The point is Steve’s dealt with a lot of pain and injuries throughout his 22 years of life, and up until this Christmas Eve, the top spot was claimed by the one time he accidentally stepped on a Lego. They looked so harmless until it was two in the morning and one of those little fuckers decided to try sticking itself in the arch of your foot on the way to the bathroom. Seriously, screw Bucky for bringing those Satan’s helpers into their apartment, even if it was in a really cool way involving a replica Death Star. To this day, every time Bucky looks at the stupid thing on the shelf behind their garage-sale bought couch, he bursts into shaking laughter, remembering the way Steve had hopped around and cursed until there are tears streaming down his face.
“I’ll rest when Tony comes home,” Steve said. Bruce sighed. “I’m okay,” Steve insisted.
“I’m not giving Steve up,” Bucky said. “Not now that I’ve finally got him. I’m just saying that I’m willing to share. If you’re interested.” He said it so simply, as though time-sharing a person was a thing that everyone did.
“Tony?” Rhodey waved a hand in front of Tony’s face but there was still no response. Clint, Sam and Natasha held on to Loki as Bucky, Steve and Rhodey tried to get something out of Tony.
Steve rested his hand on the back of Tony’s neck. “Just take a breath, Tony.” It felt like safety, Tony thought. Steve touching him like this felt like home.
be okay,” he amended. His eyes caught the discarded package on the bed. “Eventually.”
Bucky makes a move. Vision makes them
Tony held out a fist. She bumped it with a grin. “Deal.”
“Well, Steve got here and Bucky had fainted so then Steve hugged Bucky and Tony ran away. Then Bucky and Steve went to find Tony.” Clint took a breath. “Then Steve and Bucky came back and walked in the garden and kissed and then Tony disappeared,” he finished with a rush. “Ow!” He scowled at Natasha. “I’m not lying!”
“Or those Nova Corps people?” Bucky added. Tony realized that he’d moved behind Steve, still keeping his distance from the others in the room.
“Shut up.” Tony took a big gulp of the liquor, appreciating the burn of a truly good single malt. “He’s always so concerned and earnest. I just wanted him to go away.” He felt a little kernel of shame twisting in his guts.
Sam followed him, scowling at Thor. “Ditto,” he hissed.
Steve was stunned. The king sounded genuinely furious. “I…”
“Apparently Steve devolves into a caveman when he’s getting a hand-job,” Tony observed with a grin.
Bucky shrugged. Steve kinda wanted to smack him on the back of the head right now. This wasn’t the time for him to be stubborn. Bucky needed to listen to them.
“I am pleased that I could be of assistance to you, my friends,” Thor boomed. “I had Heimdall watching your progress quote closely.”
Tony looked a little too pleased at being able to creep up on Steve. “Inflation,” he said waving a casual hand. “So, what was it that sent you running? The probability of death, or the possibility of having to report to me?” He said it so casually, a throw-away line that cut at Steve.
“I’m not sure I understand,” Scott said. “Isn’t that…?” He waved a hand at the screen.
“While I’m all for the kissing, I’m less for the squashing,” Tony told them when Steve pulled away.
“We are in a part of their realm after all,” Strange replied, seemingly unperturbed.
“I bring Pop Tarts!” Thor declared, proudly displaying a plate piled high with various flavor options.
Strange turned away once more. “The abyss is where Jörmungandr is hiding.” He lifted a slender hand, pointing at the jagged scar in the ground below them.
“Mr. Wilson would not say, sir.” JARVIS sounded annoyed. “I’m running facial recognition of the security surveillance around SHIELD before the attack.”
“What do you care?” Natasha asked rudely. “You’ve tried to kill Tony and the rest of us how many times now?”
“I guess we wait,” Steve said, heart heavy.
Fast.
“I’m ready,” he told Steve.
of us did.” He reached out to Bruce who flinched away.
“Colonel Rhodes, it is wonderful to see that you are walking without your exoskeleton once more.” J.A.R.V.I.S. said. “Vision was most concerned that he wasn’t able to do more to assist your healing process.”
She snorted. “It had nothing to do with me being a hot chick, right?”
Steve decided to step in. He'd caused enough misunderstandings already. “I made a mistake. I overstepped.” He met Tony's gaze squarely. “You shouldn't have left.”
He put his hands on the table. “Right. Not helping, Appleblossom. We have to get the air cleared
“Yes,” Natasha said, blinking suddenly, snapping back to her normal no-nonsense self. “You should call Laura.”
to imagine.
Thor bounced on the balls of his feet. “I do not wish to hurt you, Bucky.” His eyes were merry with the light of battle.
Natasha pushed up again. “What do we do with her?” Her face was smooth, expressionless. This was the Black Widow, the woman who had helped bring down several governments in her time as an asset.
“We’ve identified at least one hundred individuals around the globe who bear the mark of Set,” Bruce said. “Are you expecting us to exorcise them all?”
“Yeah, that’s not helpful,” Tony said. “What is that?”
Tony exchanged confused glances with everyone else. Thor went pale. “That isn’t possible.”
Steve nodded, his shoulders drooping. “I know. I understand. I just….” He met Tony’s gaze. “We never took our moment.
Tony balked on principle. “I’m never on time,” he protested. “The world would probably end if I was.”
had better get fucked,” Tony groused as Steve moved away from the window, easily carrying him across the room to the bed. “This erection shouldn’t go to waste.”
Tony winced. Those words meant so much more to him now.
Fury sighed. “No bullshit.”
~~~~~~
Tony felt a hot pride swell through him and suddenly this cesspool of viciousness and sadness felt like a memory even as he strode past brutal sex and cruelty, Steve’s fingers warm against the small of his back. He forced his eyes straight ahead, even as he heard screams of desperation.
“Of course, Colonel.” Vision met Steve’s gaze. “Captain.”
~o0o~
“But…?” Tony prompted.
Uatu assured him.
“Thanos spent a long time trying to perfect me,” Nebula replied. “Then as he worked, he talked about his great plan. Even disassembled, I wanted to please him. I'd ask "where would we go once his plan was complete"? His answer was always the same: To the Garden.”
“I need to run some tests,” Bruce told Tony.
“As it appears that you three are a little squeamish, I believe that I should warn you about the next circle.” Crowley turned to face them, standing in the doorway. “I’m sure you’re realizing that the closer we get to the center of Hell, to the Cage, the worse the punishment is?”
“Perhaps, while we wait for our thundery friend, you could all focus on trying to locate the Soul Stone?” Coulson suggested as he headed back into the main part of the mansion, phone already at his ear.
Tony flushed. “It felt so real.”
After.
“I’m not quitting Stark Industries,” Pepper stated.
Bucky nodded, absently rubbing at his prosthetic hand. “Like I said earlier, I'm remembering things in patches. It get weird though because one second I'll be in the trenches in World War Two following your skinny ass and then the next...” He sighed. “I'm sick of the next...the next are the memories I don't want to come back.”
Thor blinked. “Heimdall will give it to me once he has received it from the Collector.”
Pierce watched her, shark-like and ready to take his chance. “Disabling the encryption is an executive order, it takes two Alpha Level members.” He smiled. Tony wanted to put his fist through the screen. This asshole had assassinated Nick Fury and was just gloating about it now.
“Woo-woo isn’t strictly a twenty-first century term,” Steve said with a small smile. “The arm looks great, by the way.”
Bruce just looked at him.
“I don’t…” Rhodes held up a hand.
She smirked.
“We?” Crowley asked. “Our?”
“You’ve done it.” It wasn’t a question from Bruce.
“There was a pretty bad guy who wanted to kill half the people in the universe,” Tony said. “Vision sacrificed the Mind Stone so that he couldn’t.”
“You are certifiable,” Bruce mused. “Not one other person on earth would drink whatever the hell that robot has put in that glass.”
“I’ll live,” Tony told her, motioning her closer. “You?” He held out a hand and she grabbed onto it like a lifeline.
Tony tied the middle button of his charcoal suit jacket. “Watch me,” he said, striding into the General Assembly room as though he owned it. “I’m Tony Fucking Stark.”
“Done.”
lost,” Steve said, his arms tight around Tony. Whatever else had happened, this fight, this war, had brought them some sort of connection once more. They had fought, given it their all. Together.
my company burned down. that's my excuse for the lack ofupdate. maybe one  or 2 more chapters
“Nobody drives Baby but Dean,” Sam said, eyes worried on Dean.
“Tony.” Steve’s throat closed. He moved carefully, pulling Tony into his arms. There was no resistance and that made Steve afraid. Tony always fought back,
“Also, ew,” Clint said, wrinkling his nose. “That’s like thinking about your parents doing the nasty."
Tony cradled the coffee mug between his hands, elbows propped on his knees. Sobering up was definitely the not-nice part of drinking. Thank god for painkillers. Drugs were
“Zero.” It was Steve who gave the flat denial. “That thing is not coming back to Earth.”
“Tell me about him.” Bucky leaned toward Natasha. “I keep thinking he's the Bogey Man with how you all tip-toe around talking about him.”
There is finally sexy times! \0/ Steve has a mini freak-out. Nobody interrupts them
I cannot math. Or science. There will be nothing real math-y or science-y in anything that comes after.
“Hill just arrived with a Quinjet,” Clint told him. “She said that Fury sent her.”
“Excuse me.” Steve’s polite voice broke into the charged atmosphere. “Mr. Crowley, is it?” Dean snickered and Sam dug a pointy elbow into his side.
Her eyes were narrowed in suspicion and Tony saw Natasha’s shoulders shake just a wee bit out of the corner of his eye. “Right.” She drawled the word out as though she had a tough time believing him. Which, because she knew Tony, was not unexpected.
“Oh, that’s nice, Tones, rip a hole in the heart of the cripple,” Rhodey sneered.
you have to say?” He might have shouted the last words.
Tony didn’t even attempt a riposte. That’s how he knew he was dying. Rhodey obviously didn’t understand the delicacy of Tony’s life-threatening condition.
Sam kept his head down, but Tony could totally see the grin on his pretty face. “I am a rock star,” Tony announced.
Steve smiled back. “I don’t mind.”
“It's been a long day,” Steve said, walking towards Tony, shield still at the ready. Barnes kept that rifle pointed at him, not a shake in sight.
“Oh, we’ll be best friends then,” Natasha said with a curve of her mouth.
Bruce groaned. “Seriously, how did we go from quantum mechanics to picking favorites?” Tony wondered who he was talking to. Bruce glared at him.
Rhodey’s eyebrows climbed up over his fivehead. “Wounds?” He sounded disbelieving. “Steve told me that
“You don’t.” Bucky’s answer was blunt. “But I won’t.”
“He made his own choices, Captain. What the Scarlet Witch showed him in Sokovia caused him much personal agony,” T’Challa said. “Much of what he did after that was as a direct result of that. Do not excuse everything until you have all of the information.”
Steve pushed slowly to his feet. “You have no idea how long I've been watching you, do you?” It sounded like a loaded question as he prowled closer.
“Tomorrow?” Tony blinked. “I’ve lost out on an entire month?” He felt sick.
“What are you talking about?” Bruce asked. “Tony, your eyes are literally rolling around in your head.”
fuck up the friendships that he’d made here.
“Loki has taken the President hostage.” Steve watched their reactions. As usual, Natasha and Clint didn’t show any emotion. Wanda clearly didn’t give a crap, and Sam had the exact same reaction that Rhodey had.
“No you aren’t.” Tony‘s voice was very firm. “You need to stay here and hold Cap together. He’s going to be freaking out because one of his lambs is out of his grasp.” Tony’s smile grew. “You’re going to have to distract him.” This was accompanied by a very Tony-like eyebrow waggle.
“Not yet,” Steve agreed. “But they’re getting there.”
“I can go with him,” Sam offered. Steve looked at him in surprise. “I’m going out of my mind with boredom, Cap. I’m sure Rhodey and I will be back before the big plan goes into action. Whatever the fuck that may be.”
Worryingly, the closer they got to the trees, the faster the monsters stopped attacking. “I’m guessing that if the ravening hoards are worried about what’s back there, then we should be too?” Tony raised an eyebrow as Tall, Hairy and Ugly took a step away from him. “Et tu, Butt-Ugly?” he asked.
“But it’s not just Extremis, is it, Tones?” Rhodey began to pick at the braces. “If I’m carrying some part of the Soul Stone then I’m like a powerful thing that has power.”
He glided away, cloak waving in a non-existent wind. They silently trooped into their new residence.
Natasha gave a short chuckle. “If I knew all the answers then I wouldn’t be here.” She pulled away from him, leaning back into the soft cushions.
Thor sighed. “Much of your Norse mythology is rooted in truth.”
“He will not.” Wanda sounded entirely too sure. Tony wasn’t going to ask.
Strange inclined his head. “You are correct, Ms. Romanov. On both counts.” His voice had layers that Tony desperately wanted to hear.
Steve started plotting how to wring Tony’s neck at the same time as he tried to control the red flush across his face.
“Why?” Bucky demanded. “Bruce has the know-how, what about Vision?” He sounded frantic, as afraid as Steve felt.
“Fuck off,” Tony spat. The cloak wrapped around him in an embrace that he didn’t even attempt to get out of. His eyes flashed at Strange. “Get out of my house, get out of my sight.”
“Loki?” Thor asked as he crouched down to stare at Matilda. She hissed at him, back arched in a black and silver bow. Her green eyes narrowed and Steve reckoned that if she was out of that cage, she would have taken out a fair section of Thor's face.
“When I catch you, asshole, I am going to sit on you until you explain yourself,” Rhodey grunted.
“Sane?” Rhodes suggested with a slight sneer. “Safe? Stable?”
“Me too,” Steve agreed with a rueful grin. “But he’s right, and you’re trespassing in this city and on this planet.”
“Matilda!” Steve said.
Bruce nodded. “By my calculations, Asgard is most likely gone by now.” He grimaced. “It’s the first time in a long time that I hope to be wrong.”
Tony watched an entire lifetime’s worth of emotions flash across Steve’s face and then his jaw firmed. “Okay.”
“Did you ask him to stay?” Bucky waited.
Steve huffed out a frustrated breath. “Don’t be an idiot,” he grumbled, knowing that he was fucking this all up. “I get attached,” he tried again.
“I’ll try to do better,” Tony assured her. He remembered why he was here. “How do I deploy the formula without a computer?”
Coulson’s look was droll. “All genius is part madness, Tony. That’s a fact.”
Adding one of my fave Marvel characters was always going to happen. I hope you enjoy him as much as I do.
Steve dropped his face into one big hand. “You’re such a jerk, Buck.” Even the tips of his ears were red, Tony noted.
(See the end of the chapter for
One more chapter then onto my #CivilWar fixit. I will not have Stony feuding dammit.
“Where are you going with this, Tony?” Natasha asked.
Natasha got up and put a hand on Bruce’s shoulder. “Deep breaths, sugar.” He turned to look at her, visibly fighting the transformation. “Do we need a lullaby?”
“I know.” And Tony
And wasn’t that a kicker, Tony thought. The place of safety he’d commissioned and built for the friends who had betrayed him was now under government control in every way. The hope that he’d had when he’d designed it had faded the moment Wanda had slammed Vision deep down into the ground of the facility.
Tony, being Tony, argued, “But I’m not tired.”
“Are innocent,” Tony said as exhaustion finally set in. “He’s the only one in this entire shit-show who actually has nothing to be sorry for.” He waved a hand at Barnes. “I’ve got a car waiting, let’s go.” He met Pepper’s outraged gaze. “I’m semi-okay with this, Pep. Barnes is maybe the best one to actually start with.”
His eyes were shuttered. “It’s our history,” Dean said.
“Fear makes people do terrible things,” Xavier said. “And because we are so different, you fear us.” He sighed. “No matter what we do to save you, you will always be afraid.”
“That was the project name for the development of the Super Soldier Serum back in the war,” King T’Challa said, not missing a cue. “The project that produced Captain America.”
“I can still hear you!” Crowley sounded as though he was about to have a heart attack.
“Steve and Bucky were worried.” Those green eyes were unwavering on him. “They wanted me to check up on you.”
Above
Bucky shrugged. “You're not stepping out with anyone.” He seemed perfectly reasonable. “That means it'll be easier.” Perfectly insane, Tony thought semi-hysterically.
Tony stared at him. “Fuck you.” He keyed in the co-ordinates for Avengers Tower. “When you’ve faced up to your problems, then you come try to sort out mine, okay buddy?” He injected as much sarcasm as he could into his words. And Tony Stark had
“You and Tony are, for want of a better expression, the parents of this group of mighty heroes,” Vision said. “It has always been your responsibility to hold us together. That you lied to each other is why the center did not hold.” It was slightly amazing that he could convey that much censure with absolutely zero inflection in his voice.
“Which one are you talking about?” Sam asked. “The childhood buddy or the guy you’re sort of in love with?”
The room was silent as they all watched the scene unfold. Steve stole several glances at Natasha as she watched the man she...felt something for, turn into a green monster and pick up a beautiful brunette woman in his arms as though she was a fragile flower.
Bucky shook his head. “No offense, Stevie, but you and me sharing a living space ain’t gonna work. I need to be near the guys who can put me under if necessary.”
“Hello boys.” The mellifluous voice had them all spinning back towards the gateway to Hell. The guy in the expensive suit and Burberry coat looked nothing like Tony’s expectation of a demon from Hell.
“I’m afraid that the facility has been appropriated by the United States military,” Vision replied. “Mr. Stark has made arrangements for you to be accommodated elsewhere.”
Tony stuck his foot out and cackled when Steve tripped over it, almost face-planting down the steps. He and Bucky high-fived each other when Steve cursed long and creatively.
“Why do you ask?” Steve watched Bruce. He needed to understand what Tony had been doing and what Bruce was planning. He missed Tony’s manic and incomprehensible speech. He had to force his focus on Bruce.
“In bed,” Steve said. Tony sat up straight. “You’re not going there now. You’re needed here.”
“Fuck you all. I can
“Like the ones you gave us?” Tony asked, still feeling the bile at the back of his throat at seeing his friends, seeing Steve at his feet, dead.
“Just like that?” Rhodey asked. Tony was going to have a lot of fun ribbing him about his visible crush on Supergirl.
Tony nodded. “Thor has mentioned several times that you’re adopted.” He shook his head. “Way to be a douche, man.”
“Tony.” How was it possible that his name could be used as a reproach or admonishment?
“There’s someone else here who needed reassurance, Tones.”
Tony practically fell over his feet in his haste as he passed Strange and Skurge to move nearer to Loki’s son. “I hope I’m not being offensive,” he began. Strange snorted behind him, the dick. “Why did you think this was a good idea?”
Jim nodded, still staring down at the arm. “I dream about them wiping my mind again,” he said, so softly that Tony barely heard him. “They would put a piece of leather in my mouth and strap me down and take everything away.”
Steve spoke up, “It’s why I never said anything. You seemed happy together.” He sighed. “I thought you’d realize you made a mistake and ask her to take you back. Buck told me to take my chance.”
tomorrow, J,” he hissed as Steve laughed into his neck.
I hope this makes sense. The next part is going to get a little more sexy. Also... THOR!
“How do you think we got here?” Strange asked. Clint waved a hand towards Coulson. “From Tibet?”
Fury’s mouth curved the tiniest bit and Tony just
this.”
“Good luck,” Steve said, shaking his hand. “Stay safe.” He turned to Loki. “We’ll keep trying to figure out a way to get you out of there,” he said.
“I understand it,” Wanda said, eyes glowing crimson. “It should be destroyed.”
“You can’t do time travel either,” she shrugged.
“You’re all heathens,” Tony informed them. “Get out of my house.” He pointed at the elevator.
“How about, hell to the no.” Tony wanted to punch Loki for even suggesting it.
“Please, as if the world could handle more of the Stark awesome,” Tony scoffed.
Tony loved it when Pepper pulled her
Tony searched Steve’s face, and Steve allowed him to see his truth there. “That’s a hell of a burden to carry, you know.” Tony kept his voice light.
“I’m surrounded by wiseasses,” Tony lamented.
“That’s not exactly comforting,” Bucky muttered, looking around and then down. He swallowed hard. “A drop into fire,” he mused. “Almost as bad as a fall into ice.”
sort of answer.
to do!”
“James Barnes?” Pepper asked. “The amnesiac, semi-super soldier who tried to kill everyone ever? That Barnes?”
“Mr. Stark, my sensors are picking up an unusually fast heartbeat. Are you alright? Should I call Ms. Potts? Captain Rogers?” F.R.I.D.A.Y. asked.
Herewith the next chapter
“I haven’t had one in years,” he protested. He stumbled to the nearest sofa with Steve and Bucky hovering over him. Thor stood watching them, concern on his face.
They were both breathing heavily when Steve pulled back, climbing off the bed again. Tony would deny his protesting whimper to his dying day.
“We only have Wanda’s word that it’s evil though,” Bruce pointed out.
“You might want to monitor him after this next tidbit, Viz,” Rhodey said, pushing Vision towards Tony. “Not sure if this information will cause another attack.”
“There is nothing wrong with my systems, sir. I ran the usual diagnostics this morning,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. assured him.
“Yggdrasil wanted her children to experience the universe,” Tony explained. “She sent Wind with me, and Strange took the crow twins.”
Rhodey glared at him. “And just when were you planning on telling me?” His jaw jutted out. “I need to be there.”
“I do my best,” Tony acknowledged, yelping a little as Steve dropped him onto the bed. “This is getting seriously old, you dicks,” he said. “I’m not a doll to be dragged around and moved howev….” His words were muffled as Steve dropped on top of him, mouth fierce against his.
“Do I look stupid?” Tony said. “Of
Jarvis arched a blond eyebrow. “Do you really want me to answer that, Dr. Stark?”
Yggdrasil said.
Tony wanted to invent a time machine and go back to the forties and find the monsters that had done this to Bucky and destroy them atom by atom.
lead, his eyes almost falling out of his head at the sight of the thing heading towards them.
“You called for our return,” Thor said, breaking the icy silence.
He couldn’t stop a soft laugh as Vision and Wanda drifted across the floor, floating several inches above it.
Natasha headed for Vision. “It’s good to see you, my friend.”
“He had me.” Steve’s simple answer had Crowley turning his attention to him.
“Wilson is the only one who is even remotely house-trained,” Bucky said. “The last time Wanda and Vision went to get food, we ended up eating raw fish.” He made a face.
“It is a legitimate complaint,” Tony insisted. “I think Viz gets a little thrill out of making me jump out of my skin.”
“I must admit, Reed never told me just how entertaining you are.” Strange sounded very amused.
Tony nodded. “I’m going to give you field command, if you’re okay with that?”
“I hate you,” Rhodes gritted out.
“Never mind.” He found
If you're still with me - you're awesome. There is an end. It's a fair way away, but it's there. If you've lost interest or think I've lost the plot...bygones.
“It’s Loki.” And that was pretty much all Steve had to say.
sage and mysterious, Stark,” Coulson said. “Plus being a brilliant man with a mind like a trap.”
“I’m a former assassin for a secret evil organization,” Bucky pointed out. “And Steve is a super solder who survived seventy years in the ice and is still the best person I know.”
“Hate.” Tony slumped back down again with Bucky at his side.
Matilda meowed, turning in Thor's arms so that she could look up at him.
Rhodey flipped him off and dropped into one of the loungers with a groan. “Can’t we kill Thor?” he begged, covering his eyes with his arm.
“Pfft,” Tony waved a hand. “Stevie Wonder here would
“I’ve never looked at a guy like this before,” Steve admitted after an uncomfortable moment’s silence. “But Tony isn’t just any guy.”
Bucky’s eyes closed and he let out a breath Tony hadn’t realized he was holding. “Okay,” he said. “That’s good.”
Coulson ended the call he’d been on for the past half an hour. “Director Fury has asked that we all come in,” he said. “You two as well.” He nodded at Sam and Dean.
What's that? No? Okay then.....
“Stuff?” Tony could barely rub two brain cells together.
Tony froze. “What?”
Steve and Clint dodged and weaved as they danced around the training ring. Clint was already breathless, but Steve hadn’t broken a sweat.
Steve shook his head. “I’m enjoying the view.” He smiled at Tony. “I think Bucky is
“I pity Katniss more and more every day, Bartowksi,” Tony said, dropping his head onto Bruce’s shoulder. “Bruce my goose, guess what?”
deserves rape or the theft of a child.” Steve sounded hard. “If you want to make up for your mistakes, then help us. If it is your child at the heart of this thing, then help us to stop whatever he or she is planning.”
“That people have been looking for me.” Barnes nodded his thanks when Tony passed him the glass. “Steve just won’t let it go.”
Bruce sighed. “You were drunk, Tony. Nobody’s going to hold it against you.”
“Sir, I believe that the Captain has been located,” JARVIS said. One of the monitors changed and Tony spotted the motionless body on the edge of the river.
Steve smacked his hand away. “Stop fucking fidgeting and then maybe we can be done with this.” The steely-eyed patented ‘Captain’ glare was leveled at Tony. “God, you’re such a baby!”
“At least it’ll keep you out of trouble,” Bruce muttered.
Tony was momentarily offended on his own behalf. “
Bruce shook his head. “I’m flying blind here, Steve. The composition of the venom should not be causing this.”
Tony started Googling ‘serpent crown’ while Bruce and Wanda had their stand-off. Sometimes he thought that Bruce just liked being contrary.
Pepper was still sitting next to Happy, but she had listed a little to the side and was sleeping against his shoulder. Happy looked a combination of too terrified and too delighted to move. Tony thought they looked good together.
“Well, that makes me believe all the stories about your genius,” Natasha said, finally dropping her hand. Her mouth curved again. “We have reservations,” she told Bruce.
“Did I say that out loud?” Tony wondered. “And, hey! I’ve not ever had a sex life to discuss, sugar lips! That’s not fair!”
Steve fled. Sparring was totally unnecessary after all.
Tony’s smile made Steve’s heart stutter. “Are you going to keep yammering at me, or can I read it to you?” One well-groomed eyebrow waited for his answer.
.” Tony patted Bruce's thigh. Bruce patted Tony's. There was a patting thing going on.
Tony shook his head. “No, Nat. There really isn’t.”
loved it. He reveled in the warmth of being in the arms of Steve and Bucky for a moment and then pulled back. They didn’t ease up.
“I’m sorry, Steve.” Tony rubbed his eyes. “I wanted to call you the moment he arrived, but he was just…”
“Welcome back, Sleeping Beauty.” Sam waved.
Hope you enjoy.
But, the city did.
Natasha swallowed her next words, looking as though it physically hurt her. She walked to Wanda and dropped into the seat beside her. Wanda’s slender hand covered hers, ruby swirls wrapping around Natasha’s wrist in a snake of comfort.
Steve pulled his shirt off, kicking at his pants and boxers so that they fell off the end of the bed where Tony sat, still on his haunches. He glowed in the soft light of the moon shining through the big glass doors. Lit up as though from within. God, they were turning him into a fucking poet. Tony wanted to take so desperately, but they still needed to figure out some things.
“You’re not going to stay for the plan?” Steve asked.
“Right here, Stevie,” Bucky whispered, bending carefully at the waist so that his body didn’t touch Steve’s. Tony saw Steve’s breathing hitch as Bucky pressed the softest of kisses to Steve’s mouth.
.” Bruce’s voice was flat as he looked up at Tony. “
In case I haven't been clear, I'm Team
“You sure about that?” Clint asked. “Because our pretty city seems really sure that the poisonous beastlet that chomped on Tony is someone you know called Loki.”
“Please,” Bucky snorted. “He's so happy to see all of you, he's fit to burst.” He put a hand on Steve's arm. “He hates not being part of your team.”
Bruce's head snapped up and he focused on Tony. “What?”
ridiculous,” he gasped. Yep, Steve thought, brain broken.
“Of course, Captain Rogers.”
Tony gaped at him. “You horn-dog, have you been trying to make time with my ex?”
Steve slept without dreaming for the first time since he’d left Tony on a cold bunker floor in Siberia. Perhaps it was because Tony was within reach and very much alive. Perhaps it was because his rag-tag family was together again. Perhaps it was because he knew he was safe.
“When will we know?” Steve looked over at Thor. “
“Strategic retreat,” Tony bleated.
Bruce patted his head like he was a well-behaved dog. “Get some sleep.” His smile was nasty. “I’m sure you’re going to wish you were dead when you remember tonight.”
“What does that mean?” he asked. He frowned, a thought striking suddenly. “Are you Atlantis?” He stared at her. “Are you Steve’s Peggy?”
Loki’s startled face made Tony want to laugh. “What?”
The response to that was instantaneous.
“Wanda told us what she did,” Sam said. “How she manipulated Tony.”
“He’s real.” Sam didn’t look up from where he was grinding something.
“You are my best friend, next to Rhodey,” Tony told her, holding her fingers tightly in his. “You know that, right?”
Tony braced for the fight. But all Jörmungandr did was sigh. “
Tony was
“I can help with that,” Tony said, walking over to Jörmungandr. “But I need a computer.”
“No,” Steve said. “We don’t have the time.”
“Does that mean...?” Steve wasn't quite sure what he was going to ask.
Steve wasn’t used to seeing his normally unflappable comrade appear shaken. “Thor?”
“Submissive,” Tony explained. “They used him in more ways than just as an assassin.” He met Steve’s eyes, expression like stone.
Vision turned his gaze to Steve. “I have no need for sleep.”
“The results of your tests haven’t come out yet,” the nurse said, unmoved by his obvious charms. Tony was going to call her NurseZilla. “It would be inadvisable for you to leave until the doctor releases you.”
“I don’t think I can let him go.” Tony’s voice was small.
“Did you know that the more uncomfortable you feel, the fancier you speak?” Bucky’s mouth tilted up at the corner. He was a complete asshole, Tony thought. He was crazy about the complete asshole so he wasn’t sure what that said about him.
“Holy fucking fuck!” Tony howled as the cool metal breeched him. It felt alien, smooth and with zero give. “Buck.” He wasn’t sure if he was telling him to stop or begging him to continue.
Tony pointed at the door. “Leave me to my genius.” He grinned at Bruce. “You know what I need, baby.”
After that none of them had been brave enough to try to call anyone else. Not even Natasha.
“Agent Coulson is bringing a few people over that he thinks would work well with me.” Steve was almost bouncing in anticipation. “He calls it the Avenger Initiative.”
Tony stared at the burn marks left in the grass. “That man has no regard for lawn maintenance.” Steve gave one of those little grins that Tony had grown to cherish.  “I'm gonna miss him though. And you're gonna miss me. There's gonna be a lot of manful tears.” They walked together to Tony’s car.
“But...” Thor looked bewildered.
“I don’t believe I care,” Coulson said. Some days, Agent had balls of steel, Tony thought.
Bruce nodded, his mouth curving in a slow smile. “It's right.”
“I miss my friend.” Steve wasn’t sure who he was talking about anymore. The library was always an oasis of calm for him and today one of his favorite people was there. He’d grown tired of his own company.
“Then somehow, we have to do as Tony says and ensure that the SRA never sees the light of day.”  Xavier stated it plainly enough that there would be no argument.
Natasha leaned against him. “Hope you’ve got room.”
Strange spoke from the doorway. “I’m happy to see my force field held.” Tony ignored him.
“Father of Lies,” Crowley murmured, almost to himself.
say yes.”
Tony waved a hand. “Semantics. I can prove most of it. The chair is a big piece of the evidence.” He saw Barnes recoil at the mention of the chair. “Don’t worry. It’ll be melted down as soon as I’ve got you a pardon.”
Tony beamed at him. “I’ve done it.” He looked at Vision. “I need you and Bruce to give it a once-over, but I think we’re good to go.”
to Growley!” Crowley announced as they caught up to him. “I thought that the Winchesters were the most aggravating humans I’d ever met.”
“He just let you in?” Loki sounded disbelieving.
“Oh!” Clint exclaimed. “Barnes is walking away. He looks pissed!” He leaned forward, almost falling out of the window. “Wait!”
Natasha shrugged. “I may be on diet, but it doesn’t mean I can’t look at the menu.” She looked Tony up and down. “You’ll do.” She stepped forward and ran her fingers through his hair, messing it up.
Rhodey recoiled. “Ugh. Weirdo.”
The Hulk peered down at Tony.
He pulled up in the parking lot of the ATO house, taking a deep breath before heading for the front door. It swung open before he could lift a hand to knock.
Steve glowered at Bruce. “A little bit of information upfront would have been appreciated, Doctor Banner.”
“No.” Steve sent a firm glance Sam’s way. “Remember you told me that you made your own choices?” He looked around at them all. “If you don’t blame me, then you can’t blame Tony.”
“Next time I have to go to another realm to save the universe with a magic spell that’s actually a mathematics equation, I totally promise to let you come with.” Tony cupped Bucky’s cheek. “Swear to Thor.”
“It’s why you two are so perfect for each other,” Tony grumbled.
Tony was even more intrigued when the flush deepened. “How to…?” he prompted.
Bucky turned Tony in his arms. “You saved
“Hulk’s not so bad, Bruce,” Steve protested. “He’s really getting better around people.”
Thor gave Rhodes a semi-friendly shove that almost toppled him over. “I have lost everything,” he began.
“Bucky…” Steve began, but he sounded weak, even to his own ears.
Steve honestly regretted so many life-choices right now.
“We are going to steal the Reality Stone from the Collector,” Thor told him, eager to assist. “It is a perilous task but Tony, our heroic Man of Iron believes that we shall succeed.”
difficult. And Natasha’s opinion didn’t count just because she’d ‘worked’ for him for a heartbeat back in the day.
Vision’s calm face turned to him. “Tony is as close to a father as I will ever be able to claim.” He seemed unmoved by the tension ratcheting up in the jet. “I would never do anything to willfully harm him.”
It was humiliating to think about just how much those words had hurt. How much Steve’s betrayal had hurt. Not even Pepper ending their relationship had done as much harm as that moment when Steve had smashed the shield into his arc reactor.
Steve sighed. “I wish you all weren’t so damn smart,” he muttered.
Thor nodded. “I do. And I am proud to stand at his side, to call him friend.” Thor touched Loki’s cheek. “Let us help you, brother,” he pleaded. “Perhaps we can still save your child.”
The flash of heat at the word picture
“You’re such a romantic goof,” Tony told him, walking over to press a minty kiss against Steve’s mouth. “I wish you’d let the world see more of this side of you.”
“Oh, so that’s how it is,” Crowley mused, staring between them. “Interesting.”
“Because you always do,” Steve said. “So, come on, ‘fess up, what’s the damage?”
Steve laughed even harder at Tony’s aggrieved face.
didn’t like Stephen Strange. Almost as much as he didn’t like Hank Pym. About as much as he disliked Reed Richards.
“The Collector will not relinquish his treasures without a fight.” Loki was the one who spoke bluntly, taking Steve by surprise. He was used to Loki being a little more subtle, a lot more dishonest.
“Tony should have been back by now,” Steve dropped an arm across Bucky’s shoulders, pinning him against him so that he would stop prodding at him.
Tony scowled. “What, are you five?”
Steve nudged Tony. “Be nice,” he ordered.
Steve resisted the urge to start shouting. “You know why.” The words were almost forced out. “What happened?”
“What does it do?”
“What I was trying to say before Tall, Dark and Inappropriate interrupted, is that if Steve Rogers grew up bullied, then he’s not going to trust easily.” Tony tapped a finger as he thought. “He doesn’t go to frat parties or even the post-game parties.”
Bucky groaned when Tony pressed his palm harder. “Missed you,” he said as he kissed Tony again.
“If I see a situation pointed south… I can't ignore it. Sometimes I wish I could.” He didn’t even look vaguely apologetic.
Bucky ran a hand through his hair. “Steve is my true north.” He paused. “
“You do that,” Tony said. “Good luck getting him to make sense.” He made a face. “I think he tries too hard to sound sage and mysterious.”
Clint didn’t turn at the sound of the sliding door opening and closing. “They all in there worrying about me?” he asked, his back still to Tony.
Tony took his glasses off and stared directly into the camera. “Is that what you want? Here's a little Holiday greeting I've been wanting to send to the Mandarin. I just didn't know how to phrase it until now. My name is Tony Stark and I'm not afraid of you. I know you're a coward, so I've decided that you just died, pal. I'm gonna come get the body. There's no politics here; it's just good old-fashioned revenge. There's no Pentagon; it's just you and me. And on the off-chance you're a man, here's my home address: 10880, Malibu Port, 90265. I'll leave the door unlocked.” He looked at the reporter. “Bill me.”
Natasha’s perfectly groomed eyebrow went up.
Bucky’s words had Steve turning around. “You’re awake?”
“I think it’s a great idea,” Rhodey interjected. “Plus, he’s got more money than God so he’d keep the Avengers in the avenging business.”
Matilda hissed at them from her cage as they all trooped in. They encircled the cage and then looked at Steve. “Now what?” Clint asked.
Wanda ignored them all and walked over to Tony. “You are well?” she asked. It looked like she wanted to reach out to him.
Thank you again. I will continue to say it because you're all lovely & the comments & kudos are my air.
“I didn't want to hurt anyone anymore,” Bruce said, just as sad. “God, Tasha, I'm so sick of hurting people.”
Rhodey lifted his head. “You’re a complete dick, you know that, right? His mouth curved. “I hate you.”
“But, Ultron,” Tony protested.
Steve was going to kill Tony. He stalked out of the shower, dripping wet and frozen, but Tony had already made his escape.
“How long do you think we can keep this up?” Clint asked, notching and firing arrows faster than the eye could follow. “Because unlike you fellas, I’m going to run out of ammo
Tony moved to the bench, reluctant to leave the comfort of Steve’s embrace and signed without bothering to look at what he was signing. It could have been a contract for his soul and he wouldn’t have given a crap.
Tony took several steps back. “No thanks.” He held up his hands. “I’m going to enjoy the pleasure of my own company for a bit. I’m told that I’m charming and witty.” He sounded bitter.
Steve went pale. “Not another word,” he hissed at everyone.
“Possibly,” Tony admitted. “Lucifer wasn’t very happy when we left him there.”
It was even worse than he thought. The flashes of memory were like an iceberg. And he was the fucking Titanic.
“So it’s so long and thanks for the fish, huh?” Tony’s voice wasn’t even close to his usual snarkiness. Steve ached for him.
put that away?” he asked. “Forgive yourself for it, even though you had no control?”
Wanda just watched him. “Your dreams for everyone else are enormous, Tony Stark. Why are they not even bigger for yourself?” She turned to leave, pausing once to look back. “Vision says that you are worthy of the greatest love. He says that only the greatest lovers would be worthy of you. Don’t disappoint him.”
“I don’t want to know.” The first words that Bruce said when Tony entered his lab made him grin.
“Not long,” Steve told them. “Almost there.”
Tony choked on the sip of whiskey he’d taken to calm himself. “Oh my god!” He gaped at Bucky. “You are the most outrageous person I’ve ever met.”
“Just Crowley is fine, American Pie,” Crowley said. “Unless you’d like to call me, Your Majesty?” He quirked his mouth and Tony realized that the fucker was flirting with
“Brother, your constant need to destroy everything around you with that infernal waepon is surely an indication of deep-seated rage.” Loki’s voice greeted them as they rushed in.
He must have imagined Bruce’s stifled laugh because his second-best bro would
“Let’s just say, I got a feeling,” Steve said. He met Pietro’s gaze. “I know you’ve both had a rough start in life, but I won’t let you hurt the people I love. Got it?”
“I’ll hold
“Er…” Steve began.
Tony.
“I never said that I was only interested in dames,” Steve said, tone mild. “Plus, you never asked.”
Richards shot him a look. “That’s because your mind is a cesspool.”
He turned to Vision. “Viz, you want to show them that clip?”
Dean’s eyes were bleak. “He keeps trying to take Sam from me.” He tugged Sam closer. “He’s a real sonofabitch.” Yeah, Tony wasn’t touching that one.
” Jörmungandr replied.
Bucky’s face was pressed into his neck. Steve felt the wetness of tears. “Hey, shhh,” he crooned, fingers coming up and tangling in the too-long hair. “I’m not letting go.” The salt of his own tears trailed into his mouth, tasting like hope and gratitude.
Rhodey shrugged. “Maybe.” His gaze didn’t move though.
Tony gave a mock shiver. “Ooh, I love it when you get all Captain-y on me.” Steve went bright red. It was
So Rhodey gets into trouble and calls Tony. This will end well.
“They are with their guardians,” Thor assured him. “I have a gift for you, Man of Iron.”
Bruce put the soldering iron down. “I’m not sure what it is you’re wanting me to say,” he said.
~o0o~
Bucky put both his hands on Tony’s shoulders. “I won’t let you walk into anything,” he said. “Keep doing your genius shit.”
“Sit,” Laura told him, pointing to his chair.
Wanda looked up from the dancing crimson flames that curled around her hands. “What?”
Loki the trickster god was howling with laughter somewhere close by, Tony thought as he guppied at the closed door.
“And Earth?” Steve could relate to Loki’s emotion.
“I’ll work on that for you if you’d like?” Sam offered.
It was quite the exit, Tony thought to himself, not looking back once.
Fuck. He was going to have to tell them all about the SRA. He took a deep breath. “The crazy ex-general who is currently our Secretary of State has started to gain support for something he calls the Superhuman Registration Act.”
“It’s what we call a tag-team,” Bucky said, asshole smirk firmly in place.
“With nobody else to rely on in their world,” Bucky said. “Besides, they can’t get pregnant and pass on their screwy genes, so what’s the problem.”
“What about taking the fight to him?” Steve asked. “Not sitting back and waiting for the hammer to fall. Sorry big guy,” he said with a small smile at Thor.
looked.
Steve turned so that he could kiss Tony’s palm. “The biggest mistakes I’ve ever made have involved you. I’m trying to be better.”
“Pfft.” Tony waved a hand. “That’s nothing. I once worked for forty-eight hours without a break.”
“Perhaps I have not done enough research into the Asgardian race,” Vision admitted. “It seems that there are singular peculiarities that I am unfamiliar with.”
Tony’s snort was inelegant. “He holds a grudge like a baby,” he said. “As if he hasn’t kept a secret before.” He waved an angry hand at Bucky. “Case in point.”
“Still coming,” Tony sang.
“Good thinking, J,” Tony’s smile was a hard, forced thing. “And keep looking for the Captain.”
Tony was totally taking that as acknowledgement of his terror.
“So you can't lie, but you can keep secrets,” Natasha noted, a bitter edge to her tone. “Good to know.”
Steve shoved his hand in front of his mouth, quickly disguising his laugh with a cough. Thor looked at him suspiciously.
“Yes, mom.” Rhodey was clearly feeling cocky in his suit.
“Vision!” Steve was stunned. “You have no idea what this guy has….” He trailed off when Vision held up a hand. It was amazing how quickly they quieted down.
He watched Natasha and Bruce talking quietly. He was happy to see her happy again. She was his friend and had been hurting, even though she’d kept insisting she was fine. Bruce was obviously important to her.
Tony made a kissy face at her. “And how is my favorite big, green, hulking machine?”
Natasha and Clint walked up to them. “We’re ready.” Sam, Scott and Wanda had already boarded the jet.
Loki scowled at Thor. “You didn't tell me about that.”
Bruce gave him another unimpressed look. “You really need to keep fact separated from fiction, Tony.”
“Then how..?” Bucky asked, his fingers tight around Tony’s.
Space may have to wait.
Thanks to all who follow, comment, subscribe & kudo - it feeds my soul.
“You’re leaving?” Steve lifted his head, watching Tony. His eyes were hazy with sleep and his hair was hilariously messed up.
, Buck.” Steve sounded so certain, so sure that Bucky’s shoulders firmed.
“Really? You and James way back then?” Crowley sounded disbelieving.
“Yeah,” Bucky murmured. “Kept telling me I was making a mistake keeping away from you. Said you were the finest man he'd ever known and that he...” He stopped.
Thor nodded. “There are many more important things to be concerned over than the fate of my brother. The god of mischief is not a favorite of Midgard.”
“Ms. Romanoff.” The representative of Russia spoke up.
“Okay.” Tony sucked in a huge breath. “That would be a great start.” He sat down again, taking his own copy from Vision. “If you could turn to page eleven, article three, clause seven. It’s where the pink sticky thing is…”
He had learned that Natasha liked the library when she had been on mission, and he would hunt her down and make her talk to him. He would tell her stories of his adventures with the Howling Commandos, and she would give him nightmares with her memories of the Red Room.
“Apologies, friend Tony.” Thor sounded chastened. “I have been trying to explain to our good Captain that I am not entirely sure that my brother means true mischief.”
They walked towards a huge chamber filled with pods. Tony swallowed the bile rising in his throat. “Anyone alive in here, FRIDAY?” he asked.
“He was reacting emotionally and in anger because he just found out that his parents had been murdered by the Winter Soldier.” Natasha’s harsh words fell into the sudden silence.
Sam grinned. “Come on, let’s be real, Cap. Tony is
“Don’t ever say that again,” Tony begged, following him, glancing over at Vision several times. “This is so weird,” he said.
“He cursed at me the entire time,” Bucky confessed. “He’s really creative.”
He clenched his fists. He had better self-control than this. “No, I didn’t.” There, he sounded calm.
“Well, fuck.”
Clint was totally his favorite.
“How exactly do you know this guy?” Rhodey looked at Loki.
“That must have gone down like a lead balloon.” Damn Tony had missed Bruce's droll sense of humor.
“Oooh.” Bucky gave a mock shiver that Steve couldn’t see, but Tony still appreciated. “I’m so scared.”
“Oh, this?” Crowley stopped, waving at the air beside him. “That’s just Growley, my Hellhound.”
!” Wilson exclaimed.
Loki toppled over the beanbag, laughing so hard that he lost his breath. Clint woke with a yell, punched Loki in the throat and tipped Sam onto the floor.
“I’m forty. Forever. Got it?” He glared at her. Her eyes rolled so hard that she probably saw yesterday.
Steve realized it was just that simple.
Steve reached out to grab Bucky’s hand. “He’s going to be okay,” he said. “He’ll come back to us.” Steve wondered just who he was trying to reassure.
want to know how Thor knew that. “Not that I'm not completely flattered by your interest in my love-life, big guy, but some things should remain private, you know?”
“Butterblossom, tell me what horrors I managed to conduct last night or I will tell Pep about the time with the grizzly bear and the honey.”
?” Bucky sounded as skeptical as Tony felt.
Tony gets very drunk. He's not very good at it. Bruce is a good bro. Rhodey sucks.
Colson heaved a put-upon sigh. “It’s like herding snakes,” he told absolutely nobody.
“Because I’m your favorite,” Bruce said with a dry-as-the-Sahara smirk.
“It’s okay, Tony,” Steve assured him. “You’re in charge.” Those unfairly beautiful eyes gleamed.
Vision shook his head. “I do not get tired.”
Tony held his breath as he watched Loki’s face.
“Lord,” Pepper sighed, rubbing at her eyes. “Please just sign these papers and I will leave you two to your utterly embarrassing attempts at flirting.”
“What look is that?” Natasha only sounded slightly curious but her eyes were sharp as she scanned the room.
Steve held up both hands. “I’ve learned my lesson. Not going to say a word,” he assured him, even though the words “I’m not ready” kept blaring in his brain like a klaxon. Clearly Bucky
Pepper put her hand on his. “Nobody could have foreseen what happened, Tony.”
“Ha!” Tony said, pointing at Rhodes. “I told you that we were meant to be, bubblegum!”
Steve listed to the side, wondering why the sofa was so hard. And why the room was so dark.
Fury nodded. “Which is why we decided to let things play out.” He looked at the Winchesters. “We were certainly not expecting
Taking comfort from robot hugs was beyond embarrassing, Tony thought. He didn’t pull away though, dropping his forehead onto the soft cushion he’d put onto DUM-E’s shoulder for precisely this reason.
“It’s a thing,” Tony said, not taking his eyes off Bucky. “I swear to god I will take that fucking arm off and destroy it if you don’t snap out of it right the fuck now, James Buchanan Barnes!” Tony didn’t care that he was shouting.
He glared at Pepper who held up her hands. “I didn’t say a thing, I swear.”
“Don’t do anything stupid, okay?” he told her. “Don’t mess with the water or the power. Don’t try to hijack their electronics.” He rubbed his eyes, they felt scratchy and sore. “No sabotage, am I clear?”
Steve didn’t hesitate, and he noticed that Bucky didn’t either. The only thing he was focused on was getting to Tony. “Is anyone with him, F.R.I.D.A.Y.?” he called as they raced towards the nearest window.
Steve snapped. He hauled Tony into his arms, kissing him as though he was dying. He sure felt like he was dying.
Fury sighed. “Did you know that your brother is back on Earth?”
“I had a fucked up childhood,” Tony began.
,” Steve amended.
Steve actually whimpered. It was beautiful.
She flicked his ear. “Don’t do that.” Her tone was fond. “You’re exactly what he needed. The rest of us have been hovering.”
“Viz, I’m tired, I’m pissed off at Tony and these douchebags, just let us in, alright?” Rhodes shouldered past the android, patting him on the back as he went. “Do me a favor and show them where they’re bunking down, please. I need to find out how much longer before Tony gets here.”
“Not yet.” Steve looked down to where his fingers were moving in and out of Tony’s body. “I know that this is entirely the wrong time for this, but I’m going to say it anyway.”
“We’d have to either get him here or go to S.H.I.E.L.D. HQ.” Coulson could see the resistance.
“Why me?” Steve looked up at the sky.
Steve moved only when Thor said, “It is done.” His words were muffled, Tony’s ears still ringing. He didn’t move. He rested his head on Vision’s chest, choking back tears.
“You just open your mouth to change feet, don’t you?” Steve sighed again.
“Slow your roll, Julia,” Tony said. Natasha hid a quick smirk when Clint seemed like he wanted to stab Tony with one of his arrows. “I think we’re all missing the point here. Our gifted mind-bender says that Loki believes the crap about the big-ass snake eating the world and destroying Asgard.”
“What thing are we doing?” Clint asked, trailing Tony.
Jane shook Sam’s hand with the same enthusiasm she did most things. “It is seldom that I meet a man with a stature so near to Thor's,” she said.
“Of course,” was the prompt reply.
I hope you enjoy.
“If we can restore Loki to his true form, he is capable of remarkable magic,” Thor said. “If our friend Tony was infected by Loki's bite then I truly believe that Loki's magic is the cure.”
Tony lifted his hand to Steve’s cheek. “You’re such a romantic,” he said, tugging Steve closer. The kiss was as soft and tender as Steve’s smile. It made something inside Tony curl up and want to cuddle.
“What you are doing, the magic you have set loose, it is eating Asgard, and will shortly begin devouring Midgard.” Strange clasped his hands in front of him. “We cannot let that stand.”
They were completely fucked.
“Tony….” Bruce sounded as though he was on his very last nerve. And an angry Bruce wasn’t a pretty thing..
“And the maturity continues,” Vision noted.
Tony scowled, kicking at the stone wall. “Steve liked to prod at me,” he said, using the past tense for the first time. It felt wrong in his mouth.
Tony had to satisfy himself with a hard glare at Loki. “So, going over what we know, we can’t use the Space Stone or the Mind Stone.”
“If I start sounding like a crazy Iron Hitler, I need you to remind me that I came back to change it.” Tony knew that he was soon going to forget the reasons for going through this again. He was already seeing this timeline blurring into the one he’d lived already.
“Tony.” Steve’s voice had him lifting his head. “Please, let me help you.”
He threw his hands up in the air. “Goddam it, I hate you all!” He tapped his earpiece. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. is Stark Tower operational?”
“The Time Stone, it is safe?” Thor asked, moving quickly over to Strange. The cloaks had a quick cuddle as they met, Strange’s sentient piece of crazy seeming very interested in Thor’s.
dearly beloved, is why I can’t handle this guy.” Tony came into the room with Rhodes at his side. The apparently sentient cloak slinked its way over to Tony, reaching out to touch. He smacked it away.
“I’m not promising anything,” Bruce muttered through squashed lips.
“I am my own man,” Tony insisted, body melting into the soft leather. “Oh my god, I am going to sleep for a week.”
Vision nodded. “Love is the thing Tony most desires
Tony volunteers. Steve lets him. It's progress. And the White House.
“Don’t you understand, Tony?” Bucky grabbed his arms and force him to face him. “That was
“I did what I did to protect people,” Fury snarled.
“According to Heimdall, several of the outermost villages have vanished.” Thor sighed. “Thankfully the people were able to flee to the palace. Volstagg, Fandral and the Lady Sif are assisting them as they can.”
Fury’s teeth clacked together. His skin darkened. “Is this a mutiny?”
Loki held up a hand. “I could fly someone to the Tower,” he offered, eyes twinkling at Bucky. “Perhaps your new friend.”
Bucky kicked at Tony, wincing when he connected with unforgiving metal. “You are a complete dick.”
Dinner was loud and messy.
“Thank you, we’ll follow your directions and hopefully we get to see you and the others some time?” Steve knew that he was being naïve, he’d burned those bridges thoroughly.
Bruce shook his head. “Gay,” he affirmed. “He kissed Nat,” he reminded Tony. “And they’re like best buddies now.”
Bucky whined a little into Tony’s neck. Tony frowned. So did Steve. That hadn’t been a particularly happy sound.
The morning sun filtered through the drapes. F.R.I.D.A.Y. adjusted them to allow Tony to wake up slowly, in increments. Everyone had learned to let it happen rather than experience a Tony Stark woken too quickly.
“I have to pay something…” Bucky looked conflicted. “I don’t want to feel like I owe you.”
That startled a laugh out of Steve. “I’d have paid to see that.”
a genius, Parker. Why didn’t you ask me?”
Tony shook his head. “Pissed off,” he replied.
“And you came here?” Tony asked. “Talk about frying pan and fire.” He waved at the sofa in the corner. “Sit down over there, and shut up.” Steve was going to be distracting enough, Tony thought. This might not be a good idea.
Tony held his breath.
you teaching F.R.I.D.A.Y.?” he asked.
“Okay,” Steve nodded at the four of them. “Get out of here, get shit done and get back ASAP.”
He couldn’t wait.
“Secretary Ross, we are not going to hurt you,” Xavier told him. “We would just like some answers.”
“You know I don’t know anything about sports, Tony,” she called back. There was a brief silence, a low murmur and then, “Oh, you mean did I know that Steve and Bucky were gay?”
“Mr. Stark has left the building, Captain Rogers.” F.R.I.D.A.Y.'s tone was decidedly chillier than with Bucky. Tony built the
“Did you record the conversation in the dining room, my gal?” he asked.
Tony felt a little twist in his stomach. He had a feeling that the next part of the story wasn’t going to be pretty.
Fury rubbed the spot where the skin wrinkled between his eyes that Tony privately thought of as his ‘Why the Fuck do I have to Deal with this Shit?’ spot. “The Winchesters have their battle and the Avengers have theirs, Stark.” He sounded like he was clenching his jaw.
Tony felt the damp warmth of tears. He wondered who she was crying for. “I’m sorry.” He had the feeling that he’d be saying that a lot today.
“Stop with the chatter, all of you.” Steve couldn't bear it anymore. He was tired and angry and confused. He wanted to talk to Tony and figure out what the hell was going on with him.
Bucky beamed at him. “You’re my…” he counted his fingers, “Fourth favorite.”
“You almost killed your friend,” Rhodes said. “How can I trust you with him again?”
“What the fuck is going on?” Bucky’s gaze whipped between the two of them, taking in Tony’s furious face and Steve’s confused expression. “Who did what?”
And there it was. The moment. The chance. The question was whether he had the guts to take it. “I’m sorry.” He put his cup down and stood, walking over to Tony. The tiny twitch back that Tony made as Steve came towards him felt like a knife to his heart. “I’m sorry I didn’t trust you. I’m sorry I didn’t listen. I’m sorry I left. I’m sorry I hurt you.”
He took it reluctantly.
“A Wrinkle in Time, Somewhere in Time –“ Rhodey was counting them off on his fingers.
Xavier sighed. “When you’re quite finished, Tony.”
Sam looked deep in thought. “Too easy though. Usually it’s more obscure,” he said, almost to himself. “The black hand is the mark he’s using to control humans. We need the mark that controls him.”
“That she wanted us all dead?” Tony asked. “That she was still, to all intents and purposes, a Hydra agent?”
“I thought you were dead.” Steve tried a new tack. He knew Bucky better than anyone, he could get through to him, dammit.
Sam laughed. “Nobody was prepared to take responsibility so F.R.I.D.A.Y. ordered from one of Tony’s favorite restaurants.” He sat down on the armchair close to the bed.
“Spank the monkey,” Bucky said when it became apparent that Steve wasn’t going to answer.
“It was just a little fungus!” Tony protested. “I didn’t expect the thing from the Black Lagoon to grow.”
Tony was in his boxers. He wriggled out of them as he spent a couple of seconds appreciating Bucky helping Steve with his t-shirt. “God, but you’re both so fucking gorgeous,” he breathed, palming his cock.
“No! Not another word!” Steve yelped, eye wide and horrified.
“Do you feel like taking a walk?” Steve asked Bucky, suddenly wanting to be outside, in the fresh air. “You know, just to catch up on things, figure out what you can remember. Who knows? Maybe jolt some more memories loose.”
Natasha’s eyes narrowed. “A little pre-warning might have been welcome,” she said, voice mild. She was obviously planning his painful torture and death.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” Tony yelled, spinning Bruce to face him. “Who are you protecting?”
Tony frowned. “Isn’t this already…within?” He waved a hand around him. “I mean this feels like ‘within’.”
“You had a
“Is everyone okay?” Steve asked.
The doors swished open. “Well, hello there.” Tony looked between them. “What brings the two of you down to my lair?”
“Water on extra cold please, F.R.I.D.A.Y.” he ordered.
“Wait a minute.” Bruce stood up. “What about me?” He looked at Natasha. “There is absolutely
“Can you escort my team and I to the Situation Room please, Colonel?” Steve requested, deciding to be the bigger person and not glare at Natasha.
“But, you have a chance now,” Steve leaned forward, held out a hand to Bucky. “You have a chance to get everything back.”
“Fuck Bucky!” Natasha spat. “Tell them the goddamn truth! Tell them all how you left your teammate lying on the freezing floor of a concrete bunker in Siberia with a disabled suit and no way of getting out of there!”
He held out his arms. “Nat.”
“And so you should be,” she retorted, a little choked up. “Now, thanks to you, I have to fix my make-up before our unwanted guests arrive.” She stepped back, poking Tony in the chest. “Sleep. That’s an order, by the way.”
This is about as angsty as I'm going to get. I think. Ugh. Stupid boys. They say stupid things.
Tony opened the faceplate again. “Fury knows everything, man. He’s like the All-Seeing Eye of Sauron.” He stopped at Bruce’s amused grin. “I wouldn’t be surprised if he knows you’re here anyway.” He wasn’t kidding.
“Then I need you to tell me to pull the stick out of my ass if I’m being too unbending,” Steve countered, grabbing his hand hard. “This world isn’t black and white. I need you to help me see the shades of grey.”
“You okay?” Sam stood at Steve’s shoulder, eyes questioning on his face.
Bucky sucked a hickey on his thigh. “I hope you don’t think that this is how it’s always going to go?” he asked. “We’re equal opportunity fuckers and fuckees.”
Tony glowered. “You are
“God, can you not,” Tony begged.
Strange was impervious to nuance, however, and continued pacing. His stupid cloak kept pace with him. It was fucking freaky. “The Infinity Stones are made of the particles of the universe when it exploded into being. It has always been believed that they cannot be contained in a fleshly vessel.”
Bruce snorted a laugh.
idiot,” he mumbled, letting the armor slide over him once more.
“O’ coursh you can,” Tony told him. “I make awshum shit.”
“He’s a nutbag,” Dean said.
“You are an asshole.” Tony was entirely sure about that.
“He knew this was the way it was going to go.” Tony didn’t look away from Vision. “He’s known all along.”
“But you still love him?”
“We had a little trouble mid-air,” Natasha said. “Wanda tried to kill us. We didn’t really feel like dying today.”
“I believe that Tony Stark may be onto something.” Loki’s smooth voice had them all squeak a little as he slipped through a wall into the laboratory. Steve glanced over at Bruce to make sure that no hint of green was showing.
And she started working on making her most beloved son’s desires come true.
“Again. Not available,” Tony said. He knocked on the table. “Answer him.”
“This Iron Man sounds like a worthy warrior,” Thor said, coming up beside him. “Why would friend Tony be hiding this from us?”
know that the only way you’re leaving here is in a wheelchair, right?” NurseZilla’s eyebrows could give Pepper’s a run for the money.
Tony laughed. He loved these kids.
He squawked and hurled himself out of the way as Rhodey lunged for him. “I will end you, Stark!” he roared.
“We were afraid.” Wanda’s soft voice whispered across Steve’s collarbone. “I think I’ve spent most of my life being afraid.”
Tony almost swallowed his tongue. Steve's face was a thousand times better than his ass.
“Fuck,” Clint breathed.
Tony’s brain just shut down.
Loki when it came to Thor. Tony sometimes wondered just how close the brothers actually were. That way lay madness and brain-scrubbing.
Tony flipped his faceplate up and bared his teeth. “Well, I’m a human. And we lie too.”
“That is a fucking weird time to figure out that you’re kinda in love with someone,” Rhodes said.
“Let’s get this over with,” Steve said. “I’ll take point.”
Steve just shook his head and stepped out of the elevator. “You’re impossible.”
Tony cackled. “My favourite title, let’s be real.”
Rough translation of the spell
Pepper folded her arms. “This is not new information, Tony. I’ve always known who and what you are.” She sat down at the table. “What’s this really about?”
“Accessing more as we speak, sir,” JARVIS assured him. “The video clip has some more information that I believe you find interesting.”
Vision was waiting for them on the landing pad of Stark Tower. Tony refused to call it Avengers Tower. It had been, then it wasn’t. That part of his life was done.
” Jörmungandr grunted. “
“I feel like crap and I’m fuck out of ideas.” The honesty this time surprised them both. Tony closed his eyes. “This is possibly the absolute worst timing for this conversation, but it needs to be said. I’m sorry.”
Bruce’s hands were fists inside his pants’ pockets, but he stepped up beside Tony anyway. Bravest. Motherfucker. Ever. “What B.A.R.F. did was change the memory in my head. Didn’t make it unhappen in reality, but in my mind it never happened. So the trauma of hurting Betty Ross was a guilt the Hulk no longer lived with.”
“That’s because you’re important to him,” Rhodey said, putting a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “He doesn’t expect
“The three of you?” Tony wasn’t happy. “Is this an exclusive club, or can anyone join?” He knew he was being manipulated but it was a Pavlovian response to be contrary.
“We could try.” Bucky stared at the bathroom door. “Take turns in keeping a look out.”
Thor gave Sam a helpful thump on his back. Sam hit the floor humiliatingly quickly. It got really silly after that.
Tony counted to ten. And then to twenty. Having the brilliance that he did reduced to 'science-y stuff' was....
Rhodey nodded. “Okay.”
“What now?” Tony mouthed at Steve helplessly.
“Ooh, I like the sound of that.” Tony flirted like he breathed and there was no way that anything was going to happen with Dean and his pensioner boyfriends in the room. “What did I win?”
Jörmungandr looked at Strange. “
“You deserve all the evil you get, you know that?” Bruce laughed. “It’s like you go looking for shit.”
“What? No! I mean of course I like him. He’s great once you get past the act he puts on. He's someone I count as one of my best friends.” He hadn't always been though, Steve thought.
“I’m a selfish man,” Tony said. “I’m used to getting my way in almost everything.” His arms tightened around Bucky. Steve lifted a hand to cover Tony’s. “I know you, James Barnes. I know you because you let me in.” His smile was a trembling thing. “Everything that has been done to you hasn’t changed the core of who you are.”
“In the hands of the wrong person?” Thor shrugged. “Destroy every atom in existence.”
Steve noticed that Bucky stood beside Tony, ready to tackle whatever came their way. Steve hurt. Visceral, gut-slitting pain. Because once, that position would have been his. Would have been him standing between Tony and whatever stupid-ass threat he'd managed to piss off.
“I know how we can stop Thanos.”
Tony always twitched when he came into the S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters. He didn’t know why, possibly it was because he knew that every move, every word, was recorded and seen by Nicky Fury.
“You tell me where you want to be and I’ll make arrangements to go elsewhere,” he assured her.
He put a finger on her lips. “You will
“On the balcony!” Tony yelped. “I don’t want a hole in my building!” He had a vision of Thor blasting through the twelve floors above them. He’d seen what Mjolnir could do.
Bruce nodded. “Sam. Nice kid. A little creepy. I think he might have some kind of power.”
“I’m surprised you ever get laid,” Dean said.
Tony took a breath. “How do I look?” he asked.
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” Bucky murmured, clearly not having the same issues that Steve had.
“She’s gone, Tony. She’s gone.” The simple phrase was devastating to them. They’d known Laura, loved her as one of their own. The Barton home had been the one safe place they’d managed to find in the midst of all the Ultron chaos.
“You’re not a politician,” Tony began.
“Barnes told me to do it.” In retrospect, it wasn’t the smartest response.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Say hello, Captain.”
She looked around the jet. “Forgive me if I don’t say welcome home, but it’s against my better judgment that Tony brought you all here and it looks like I was right.”
“You’d be surprised,” Coulson said. “Many of the superhumans that I’ve been dealing with over the past few years have astonishing powers. That one of them could travel through time wouldn’t shock me at all.”
“I killed your parents, Tony.” Bucky shook his head. “And you’ve never said anything.” His knuckles were white against the red of Tony’s tie.
“The mutants are abominations,” Ross hissed. “Freaks of nature that need to be leashed.”
Natasha looked at Steve. He nodded. “Bruce is a good guy.” She sounded sad. “A guy that maybe, once upon a time, I could have ...” She stopped. “Anyway. As Hulk, he’s a little more rambunctious, but we had it under control. Then something bad happened to him in Africa. Something that made him believe he wouldn't ever be safe, that he'd never be able to control the...”
“No,” Barnes said. “Steve wanted to call me Barney.”
Dean got to his feet with a little hip swagger. “I’m Dean Winchester and this is my brother Sam, and I am
“Indeed, sir.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. didn’t even attempt to sound contrite.
“Thor’s about to make an entrance and it’s going to be glorious.” Tony confided. “Thor’s awesome.”
“Seriously, stop that,” Steve ordered. “I’m not a kid or your son or….”
“Discretion?” Sam added.
,” he growled. “What you’ve given to this country, to me, is worth more than circuits and wires.”
“A lesson perhaps,” T’Challa suggested. “One that it appears you have taken to heart.” He smiled. “Think on it, Dr. Stark. The decision does not need to be made now.”
“You need more than Viz,” Rhodey insisted.
“It’s a little project I’m working on,” Tony said, pulling the petri dish out. The fungus had grown in size overnight. What had once been a light brown blob was now an almost black mass.
“I rather suspect we shall have to.”
“I’m sure that’s what he thought when he wrote Mein Kampf,” Xavier replied. “And yet that is not how history remembers him.”
Tony scowled at her. There was no heat in it. Steve felt his chest hurt a little as he watched his team, the remnants of them, find their way back to each other in tiny increments.
“Until you leave,” Tony said, stepping back and away from the temptation in front of him. “Because you will. They always leave."
The projection snapped off, Vision stepped back to his position at Tony’s shoulder and not a sound was heard in the room.
A hiss to Tony’s left had them all spinning. All except for Sam and Dean who, almost in sync, turned the other way. Tony followed
“And then just folds his arms over his chest and waits for you to crack like an egg,” Bucky finished.
“Yeah.” Rhodey’s smile was soft and approving as he looked at Bucky. “He really is.”
“Slavery,” Thor growled. “That nameless monster intends to enslave my brother.”
“And yet…” Natasha drawled as she held on to Tony’s legs.
“I am attempting to do so, sir, but he is clearly an expert in tracking and disappearing.”
Tony nodded.
Steve shrugged, gave a small shake of his head. “I don't know, family, stability? The guy who wanted all that went in the ice seventy-five years ago. I think someone else came out.”
“He thinks we’ll stay here, hidden away like something he’s ashamed of?” Clint asked.
Steve met Bucky’s eyes. “I’m not letting you out of my life again, Buck. No matter what else happens, I’m with you….”
“Because you never asked, Captain Asshole.” Rhodes took the jet down in a slow guide. “Just once, it would have been nice for you to trust Tony Stark instead of Iron Man.”
meet you in Washington,” Bucky corrected.
Tony made a disparaging sound. “As if I’d join you even if you asked.”
what it looked like from this side of the room,” Tony exclaimed, trying to remember if this had happened before. He was so shocked at what he’d seen that he had a suspicion that this was new. “I’d like an explanation.”
He met Tony’s eyes.
Tony backed up against Steve. “Do what?” He was never entirely sure of Clint’s motivation.
Steve nodded. “It took me a while to understand what Clint meant.” Steve sent a hard glare Clint’s way. The back of Hawkeye’s head was an unsatisfactory target. “I didn’t know that he…” He stopped, stared down at his hands. “We didn’t really talk about stuff like that back in my day.”
Steve & Bucky miss Tony. Tony makes a grand entrance. There is talking & then the soldiers take charge of their boyfriend.
“What the hell?” Tony blinked. “Where’d he go?”
Bucky smiled, small but real. It felt like a triumph.
“I felt that,” Jim told him, mouth dropping open. “When you touched me.”
Dean turned his head to meet his eyes. “We aren’t just demon hunters,” he said. “We protect humans in other ways.”
He stepped through the hole in space, appearing a moment later on the other side. Bucky hastened after him with Clint and Natasha following. Sam was the next through, Dean behind him.
Rhodey stared at her in bemusement. “I’ve been trying to get that through his thick skull for over twenty years and you manage it in,” he looked at his wristwatch, “a minute.” He looked disgusted. Steve could see it was an act though.
Tony was moving a moment later, the rest of the team hot on his heels. Coulson was not a guy you messed with. He scared Tony more than Natasha did. Only because he seemed to be the only person Natasha genuinely respected. That spoke volumes to Tony.
“How much?” Tony asked.
“Preparing him.” Strange didn’t move, only his fingers stroking the amulet.
Steve couldn’t stop himself. He pressed his mouth to Tony’s in a brief, dry kiss. “I will always be sorry.”
Bucky suddenly went white. “God, no.” Tony grabbed him, held on as he swayed. He took all of Bucky’s weight as he sagged against him.
“It was always all about the money, Charlie boy.” Tony rubbed his thumb and forefinger together. “Mine, specifically.”
Tony wanted to jump over the back of the sofa screaming “Hell to the fuck no!” but he sat, fists clenched. “No, thank you.” He managed to sound polite. That was impressive.
Rhodey fixed him with an unimpressed look. “You don’t get to pretend with me, Stark.”
“I made it.” Tony covered Bucky’s hand and squeezed. “Unconscious and dropping like a falling star.” Bucky’s hand twitched beneath Tony’s.
.” Steve told him.
“Steve,” Tony stared at him. “Please, I'm asking as a friend. Please take Nat with you and go. I'll be fine here. Bruce and Bucky can keep me company while you go and save the world.” He was trembling.
‘You’re mean,” he breathed.
“Loki was the name of my brother,” Thor said, something dead in his voice. It hurt to hear. “He, along with the rest of my family, was taken by the Wraith when I was away on a hunting trip.”
“Where are the bird-boys, woo-woo lady and her shadow?” Tony asked. He knew how much it irritated Steve which is why he did it.
Thor moved quickly to Loki’s side. “I wish you hadn’t made such an oath, brother.”
Bucky didn’t say anything. It made Tony worried. “Bucky?”
One yelled out, “Mr. Stark! Mr. Stark! Our sources are telling us that this is another Mandarin attack. Anything else you can tell us?”
Jim stared at him. Tony rolled his shoulders. “Never mind,” he said. “I just wanted you to know that you’re not alone. I didn’t go through the same trauma that you experienced, but I walked around with a machine keeping me alive for the better part of the last ten years, so yeah, I know why you wake up screaming.” He flushed. “And with that little bit of TMI, you’re good to go.”
wasn’t loving this lack of information sharing. “Guide?”
~o0o~
“Smiling. You look like the Joker.” Laura wrinkled her nose. “It’s not okay.”
“And you trust your children with those robots?” Sam asked. He hadn’t spent a lot of time around Tony’s ‘kids’ so had no real idea of just how much he’d insulted Tony. Steve did, watching the clench of Tony’s jaw as he fought not to snap back.
“You don’t have anything to say about me being semi-immortal?” Tony asked.
Bucky looked around. “Where’d he put us?”
Tony looked across the dance floor to where Bucky had cut in on Steve and Wanda. Steve was grinning at Bucky as he was twirled across the floor. “I’m the product of my upbringing,” he said over a lump in his throat. “Everyone thinks I should be happy because I’m so rich or smart or handsome.” Rhodey snorted.
He was just breathing really fast because he’d run down the stairs (and locked himself into his workshop).
Things were about to take another step into the unknown.
“You wish to know of our progress, Captain?” Vision asked, eyes still closed.
Steve launched himself at Bucky, half-laughing, half-yelling, trying to shut his mouth with his big hand.
“Well, I’m not saying I’d try to torture any of
Steve wished that Tony was here. He’d know the right thing to say to make Bucky smile again. But Tony was busy using his incredible mind to work out how to save the world. It was up to Steve to say something.
“Quantum Leap –“ Scott added.
“The thing. You know. That I didn’t talk to him about?” He jabbed a thumb at Rhodey.
“You can't tell me that you're the same fella who woke up from the ice,” Bucky said. “You'd be a liar if you did.”
“It is just past eight am, sir.” The cool reassurance of F.R.I.D.A.Y.'s voice made him flop back onto the mattress.
“Nat, Wanda didn't do anything. I swear. You need to chill out. This was all me.” Tony held up a hand. “Besides, you and Steve need to go and do your thing. You have a new team to test out. I just need some time to work this out.”
Tony put up a hand. “Excuse me for sounding ignorant, but,
‘If you leave your suite, turn left and follow the blue wall,” F.R.I.D.A.Y said. “Boss made sure the kitchen was the center of the house.”
Steve arrives. Tony freaks out. Bucky takes charge. The Avengers are assholes.
Nothing flew, ran or skittered out so Tony counted it as a win. He took a cautious step forward into the room and was pleasantly surprised. It wasn't the Hilton, Four Seasons or god forbid, the Trump Tower, but it was clean and had a bed with a shower and toilet.
Pepper nodded. “He and Bucky have been best friends for most of their lives. When Steve decided to play football, Bucky joined him to protect him.”
Steve and Bucky both stood there, faces expectant. Their eyes travelled down Tony’s body and then back up again, much like Natasha’s had, but that hadn’t given him a boner.
The workshop door swished open again. “I’m sorry, I will never go anywhere ever again without telling you,” he intoned without turning around. “That was fast.”
“I think perhaps we should stop talking about Loki as though he is dead,” Bruce said, reaching out to touch Matilda. “He is clearly alive and I can only assume that he is stuck in this form.” Matilda allowed Bruce to rub her ear.
Bucky stared at Loki. “Am I right?” Hi mouth was thin.
“Of course I did, boss.” She sounded almost offended. “You know that I intend on keeping my eyes on that crew.”
“Head Bitch in Charge then?” Tony had little time for diplomacy these days.
love you?”
“Why not?” Steve asked. “Why did you want to hide that from us?”
~~~O~~~~
Steve shook his head slowly. “I'm not the same,” he admitted.
“Just wait ‘til my tongue heals. I’ll show you exactly how much fun I can be.”
“Um…” Steve feels like he has whiplash trying to keep up. “Nothing. I mean I have to finish packing things up, but after that nothing.”
“Yeah, it is,” Steve says slowly, confusion bleeding into his words. Tony was obviously describing Bucky. He’d let his hair grow down to about his shoulders now and recently started wearing eye liner at the suggestion of Natasha, but he had been long gone by the time Tony had literally bumped into Steve, so how the hell did he know what Bucky looked like? Or what type of fashion sense radiates off of him for that matter.
“Well, that’s a horrible sweater,” Tony admonishes, amusement dancing in his eyes. “Besides, there are worse things I could’ve said. For instance, I could’ve said you found him.” He nods at the question of where Santa’s ho is, clearing up Steve’s confusion and making him roll his eyes- Steve has a feeling this man is going to make him do that a lot; he also has a feeling that he’s not really going to mind- before continuing. “But this fun little baby belongs to your friend, right? I’m guessing the one with the long hair and the fascination with eye liner. Seems to be something up his alley in terms of style.”
“Oh my god,” Steve groans, shoving Tony back, “That’s a horrible pick-up line.”
Steve snaps his eyes up to meet the guy’s questioningly, and… that’s when everything inside Steve comes to a halt. He recognizes the chocolate brown eyes staring back at him. He knows these eyes intimately. They’re currently the first drawing at the front of his sketch book. The guy who’d bumped into him and spent the last five minutes listening to Steve rant at him about narcissism and distracted walking is none other than Tony Stark; the guy who throws wild parties and works on robotics projects during their philosophy class yet can still answer every question Fury throws at him with ease. From the first moment Steve had seen him across the lecture hall, he had been enamored. The guy is an enigma, and he’s currently holding an ice cube against Steve’s tongue.
Just because the wound isn’t that severe doesn’t mean that it doesn’t hurt like a bitch, though, as he delicately pulls the candy from his tongue, wincing the entire time. “Oh God,” he moans begrudgingly as the thing is finally extracted from body. Steve isn’t much of a crier, but there’s definitely an unmistakable dampness stinging the back of his eyelids. “What- what the hell was that?” he snaps shakily, unsure if he’s talking to the candy cane or the man who caused this, who’s just fucking standing there in front of him, frozen.
Tony grins at him like a kindergarten teacher who just got the shy kid to introduce himself in front of the class, surprisingly pleased yet encouraging. “Sorry about all of,” he flaps his hand in the general direction of their collision, “that. Entirely my fault. I was a bit distracted. I’m in charge of one of the labs in the engineering department and there was a crisis I had to attend to. Apparently, three of the brightest undergrad students can’t handle an overheated mainframe power core on their own. Just like children, as soon as daddy leaves everything goes to hell in a hand-basket.”
Steve picks up where he left off, moving the last few handfuls of things to the storage room with a renewed pep to his step. Honestly, he’s willing to bet no one has ever cleaned this godforsaken place faster. He’s jacked up on nerves and excitement. Also, a little bit of fear that Tony might come to his senses and change his mind if Steve leaves him alone for too long. Tony’s a brilliant, generous man full of life. The fact that he wants to take Steve out after the catastrophe in the hall is a miracle in and of itself.  That’s the main reason Steve only spares a passing moment to question his life choices instead of having some kind of meltdown and refusing to leave the locker room when he goes to pull his shirt out of the staff locker to find it’s been replaced with the atrocious sweater Bucky had worn in that morning.
As if sensing this, Tony’s gaze softens as he takes Steve in, his eyes brimming with affection as they sweep over his features before locking in on his blue eyes. He brings their hands up, kissing the back of Steve’s hand. His goatee scratches, but his lips are soft and warm, soothing. “So much fun,” Tony murmurs, his lips dragging over Steve’s skin, searing the words into Steve like a promise.
“Ah!” Steve gasps, quickly pulling the part of the candy cane that was still intact out of his mouth and throwing it to the floor beside him in distaste. There’s a distinct cracking sound as the thing shatters again upon impact with the floor. Gingerly, he sticks his tongue out, wiggling it from side to side in an attempt to inspect the damage, hoping beyond hope that it was just a superficial wound.
Later, he’ll blame it on the adrenaline or the shock of being tossed to the ground and stabbed in the tongue, but when the guy’s phone- hanging loosely from his fingers at his side- vibrates lightly again, causing him to unfreeze and look down at it, Steve’s blood boils. Who the fuck does this guy think he is that he can just walk through the mall on his phone like he owns the fucking place and then continue the conversation like his actions didn’t just inadvertently lead to Steve being impaled?
Tony nods, his gaze now burning into Steve as he sizes him up. He’s moved so close to him that Steve feels like he’s chocking, or maybe not chocking because that would imply that there was some intake of air going on and Steve’s pretty sure he hasn’t breathed in about a minute since Tony sidled up next to him with all the intensity of a power surge crackling down a live wire. Slowly, Tony reaches up and- like he’s not about to kill him- straightens Steve’s glasses, the pads of his callused fingers brushing lightly against his cheeks.
“It’s okay,” he assures. “I think it’s stopped bleeding for now. At least it feels like it has. Probably just be a little tender for the next few days.”
Tony chuckles, brushing his knuckles against Steve’s. “You could say that. Unfortunately, I was hoping to get it for Christmas and it seems I may have made it on the naughty list by upsetting one of Santa’s elves.”
Steve chuckles at Tony’s exasperation, knowing full well that half of what he’d said went right over his head. Maybe it was simple for Tony, but it all sounded way above his pay grade. Steve sympathizes with the lab assistants. If it had been him, he definitely would have been trying to reach the boss, especially since he didn’t even know what a mainframe power core was let alone that they could overheat until Tony had just confirmed it. He also has the feeling that when he referred to himself as ‘daddy’ it was in regards to the robots and computer system, which is a little endearing when Steve thinks about it. Maybe more than a little endearing.
“Steve.”
Tony is taken back for a moment- something that isn’t exactly shocking since most people take one look at Steve Rogers and deem him to be an innocent, repressed do-gooder- but Tony recovers quickly, throwing his head back and laughing full-bodied and freely. It’s a beautiful sound that bounces off the walls of the abandoned corridor, filling Steve with a blooming sense of pride that he’s the reason Tony is so happy.
Watching the snowflakes catching in Tony’s hair and eyelashes as they step out into the cold night air, Steve has to disagree. If anyone won the Christmas Lottery, it was definitely him.
That becomes abundantly clear when his mouth moves without his permission, spewing out the words pounding in the back of his mind like a second heartbeat. “I look like a dork.”
Noticing his approach, Tony closes out of the app and looks up, mouth open like he was going to say something but lost track of his thoughts once he catches sight of Steve’s attire. His eyebrows instantly shoot up as he smirks. “Nice sweater.”
Before he can even think about it, Steve’s on his feet in front of him, jaw clenched. “What the fuck is your problem? Do you ever look where you’re going or are you so self-absorbed it never crossed your mind that there are other people in the world besides you? No, wait, let me guess,” Steve seethes, holding up a finger to stop the guy from touting off some piss-poor excuse, “it’s my fault because other people are just supposed to move for you, right? People see you coming and just move right out of your way, probably lay down their coats so you don’t have to step in any puddles.”
Speaking of Bucky, Steve is 100% blaming him for this too. If it weren’t for him Steve wouldn’t be here, lugging giant plastic candy canes and fake presents from Santa’s now-closed workshop through the mall to the storage room where the decorations will stay until the next holiday season. He also certainly wouldn’t be doing it while dressed in red tights and an itchy as all hell- not to mention hideous- green felt elf costume.
And that’s the truth, because normally shit like that makes Steve want to cringe. But there was something different about the way Tony said it- with an air of confidence and cockiness blended perfectly with an edge of subtle unsureness- that made Steve want to pull Tony closer. Made him want to press his laugh into Tony’s tousled hair and breathe in that heady scent of coffee, oil, and cinnamon. It made Steve want to believe Tony, and wasn’t that something?
Of all the stupid ways Steve’s gotten hurt in his life, this one definitely takes the cake. That’s really saying something, too, considering he was a spindly thing growing up. Barley weighing over 100 pounds soaking wet, he’d been diagnosed with a laundry list of ailments, including asthma, two different types of anemia, and heart arrhythmia. And that’s only the tip of the ice burg.
That’s when it hits Steve like a freight train. Sure enough, when he glances down at himself, he’s met with the familiar sight of green and red. In all the chaos, he’d completely forgotten that he was still wearing the hideous elf outfit, complete with tights. At least he’d taken off the hat with the pointy ears before he’d started cleaning the shop. If only he’d changed all of his clothes before he started. Every time he thinks he’s reached the lowest point of this interaction, a fresh layer of hell is revealed. It’s fine, though, it’s not like he needed his dignity anyway.
Right as they’re about to bypass each other, the guy- still staring fixedly at his phone- lets out a frustrated sigh and swerves unexpectedly to his left, smacking right into Steve full force and pitching him to the ground. The fake presents scatter all over the hall, sliding across the linoleum tiles with ease. As for Steve, he slams onto the floor hard, his elbow cracking on the cold surface and his knee landing at a pretty odd angle. But that’s nothing compared to the pain that strikes through him as the candy cane he’d been happily sucking on is jostled violently, sending the sharpened tip straight into Steve’s tongue, piercing through a layer of skin.
“Generally, people do move when someone’s in their way,” the guy says offhandedly, but not like he’s trying to pick a fight or defend himself, though. No, it’s more like he’s just so used to saying something that the words just slip out, slurring slightly around the straw still caught between his teeth, pressing into his bottom lip and creating a plush little dip that Steve can’t help but stare at. It’s like watching a car crash, once you notice it you can’t look away no matter how much you may want to, and God does Steve want to as he feels his cheeks start to heat for an entirely different reason that has nothing to do with irritation or pain.
looks delicious. “The best thing, huh?” Steve asks as he leans in and kisses Tony, tasting the sweetness on his lips, before doing it again, and again and again.
Two weeks. That was how long it took for Tony to come out of hiding. He stayed on lockdown and on the off chance he did need to navigate the tower, he used JARVIS to make sure that Steve was never in the vicinity. When he finally emerged,  it was him who pursued Steve, finding him in the gym in the early morning hours. Steve had halted his assault on the punching bag when he noticed the genius stalking towards him, and braced himself for a lecture or a punch thrown in a blind fit of rage that would have been well deserved, but he couldn’t have prepared himself for what came. Tony launched himself forward and smashed his lips into Steve’s, who toppled over in surprise at the action but never lost his tight grip on the smaller man, as they both fell to the padded mat below.
Tony watches Steve’s lips part and eyes squeeze shut, admiring the sight, before Steve's grunting and spilling and painting Tony’s insides white. He’s grinding deeper into Tony trying to allow him every last drop, while his hand continues stroking and taking Tony over the top.
Steve smiles and Tony is slightly relieved to see that he doesn’t look so downtrodden anymore, but instead is amused with Tony’s hijinks. “Sweetheart, he has to go to school, make friends and eventually date.”
He moves to wrap his arms around Tony and Peter but stops when Tony sternly warns him, “
allowed to date. We all know what dating leads to and my son will not be getting married and leaving me. Isn’t that right, baby boy?” Tony asks as he peppers Peter’s face with rapid kisses in quick succession.
“Da,” Peter whimpers, and Tony feels his heart break a little.
Steve complies and starts shallowly thrusting; the simple act has Tony close to combusting. “God, Tony,” Steve groans, “you’re so fucking tight,” as his dick continuously hits that spot just right.
Steve still remembers their first fight. The team had been separated in their quest to keep the remaining infinity stones out of Thanos’ reach. The man had been bigger, stronger and more conniving in his drive to attain the stones and in the end, the Avengers had failed. With his gauntlet completed, Steve and the rest of them had no choice but to fight the mad titan that held the power of the universe in his hand with everything they had. By the time Thor’s ax had severed Thanos’ head and the dust had settled, the team was bruised, beaten and bloody.
Steve still remembers their first kiss. The urge to kiss Tony had come upon him so suddenly that he was just as surprised as Tony when it came to fruition. The genius had been talking excitedly about his latest technological conquest. His arms had been manically waving to and fro as he spoke, his pride lighting up his smile as he tried to explain his project to Steve in layman's terms. Steve couldn’t tell you what Tony had been talking about - which was upsetting only because he can vividly remember the admiration he felt at seeing the man elatedly describe it - but his attention had been so tuned on memorizing Tony’s gestures and facial expressions it slipped his mind. Tony had been mid-sentence when Steve's lips crashed into his without warning, effectively silencing him.
He thinks of all the skin hidden beneath Steve’s tight shirts, and the way he might taste sweet just like dessert. His dreams feel so real he imagines hearing Steve’s voice, and Tony wonders if he’d desire him if he was offered the choice.
Because the truth is, Alzheimer's
By the time the meeting had ended, Steve could still only think about the short-lived hysterics the genius exhibited. Tony was always so composed and the sight of him stock-still, like a deer caught in headlights, had been enough to make Steve’s stomach twist. As they made their way home and were free from prying ears, Steve asked what happened as nonchalantly as possible. There was no use making a big deal out of it if Tony’s mind had simply been running a million calculations at that moment, which is why it came as no surprise when Tony had merely brushed it off as nothing serious.
Steve pulls away and Tony suppresses a whine, as his hands travel down, fingers tracing Tony’s spine. The blunt head of his cock rests against Tony’s ass, and Tony gasps in surprise when he feels the sheer mass.
All the rage from moments ago is gone now that his focus is on comforting his son. Tony thanks his lucky stars that it doesn’t take long for Peter to relax, although it seems sleep has gone out the window as he moves restlessly in Tony’s grasp. As a parent, Tony has learned to take a win when he sees one though, and is overjoyed that Peter has at least stopped sniffling into his shoulder.
“I can’t believe you’ve never had a s’more before,” Steve absentmindedly says as his hands settle on Tony’s thighs.
Steve still remembers their first date. Courting had changed since his time in the ice but he still felt it was right to ask the closest form of family Tony had if he could go steady with the man. That turned out to be wrong, considering how loud Jim Rhodes chuckled over the phone before he hung up without even giving his approval. Still, Steve took the man's laughter as a green light. Days were spent with Steve tearing out his hair trying to devise the perfect date to no avail. Being a billionaire, Tony had already done everything he could have ever wanted, so Steve had to hope the effort he put into planning would be enough.
It was just after dinner when Steve had settled onto the couch to hopefully finish the sketch he had been currently working on of Tony. He had just thrown his headphones on to drown out the silence surrounding him with music when his phone rang. Tony was calling, and while Steve was ecstatic to hear his voice, it was also a reminder of how far apart they were at that moment. Once the call had connected to his headphones, the two of them caught up on each other's days. Hearing Tony laugh had reminded Steve of the smile lines around Tony's eyes and the one dimple that always appeared, and he grinned as he began to incorporate his lucid memory to paper. That was when Tony said it, said those three words over the phone with so much emotion behind them that Steve's breath faltered and the pencil he had been using snapped in half.
And to Tony’s surprise, Peter squeals. “Cheeeee!”
“Ho Ho Ho,” the Rent-A-Santa bellowed in Tony’s ear as he played up his whole charade.
If those hands even touch me or my son, I will burn this entire fucking mall to the ground.”
hasn’t finished his phone call. For the first time that day, Tony feels like he can truly relax, and he does until he feels soft murmuring in his hair and he blinks himself awake to find that they are next in line. How that happened, Tony doesn’t even question. After all these years, Steve’s abilities never cease to amaze him.
It had been a hasty but affectionate peck that was over far too sudden, but it had been enough. Steve had been floored by the emotion he had felt from that brief moment and was at a loss of words. He was lost in a trance staring at Tony while his mind reeled in a haze of his racing thoughts, which is why he never saw Tony’s next move coming. Before Steve had a chance to react, Tony had fled the room without a word and locked himself in his workshop, revoking all the access codes Steve knew.
The corner of his lips has remnants of chocolate and Steve thinks
A whine slips out when Tony realizes his already fatigued body needs to move away from the pillow that Steve has become. Tony is fairly athletic, but his small stature still seems to render him unable to hold his son for a prolonged period, evidenced by the burning in his limbs. He reluctantly and slowly pushes himself off of Steve’s chest and lightly moves side to side, swaying Peter in his arms and pushing his little head to rest in the crook of his neck while he hums, hoping he’s making the right call by giving him a chance to doze. It doesn’t take long for Peter’s eyes to flutter shut and for him to go completely limp in Tony’s hold.
Steve’s hands lightly sketch patterns over his hip, before tightening their hold in a bruising grip. A rut of Steve’s hips against his own makes Tony gasp, and he tightens his hold on the bedspread within his grasp.
As the final Chitauri warship fell that day, all Steve could feel was remorse. The man he had very nearly punched hours before had taken a one way ticket without a hint of hesitation. It was an action that even Captain America couldn’t fathom. Closing the portal had crushed Steve for reasons he couldn’t articulate. He remembers feeling the twinge of guilt brewing in his gut, but that was nothing compared to the lurch in his heart when he saw Tony’s suit falling back to the ground. Hearing the other man speak again after a drop from that height had Steve almost wishing he had kissed the genius.
Now, its just Steve and Tony. It's kind of poetic in a tragic way. Their story had started with the two of them and it would end the same way. He still loves him. Sometimes, he wishes he didn't, then maybe this whole experience wouldn't hurt as much. Every single day Steve tells Tony stories about their time together, updates him on Peter, tells him what Rhodey and Pepper are up to and declares his love for him all over again. It's the same speech each time and it never gets any easier, and Tony never acknowledges him with a response, although sometimes Steve imagines a glint in Tony's eyes that gives him hope that some of what he's saying is getting through.
Tony picked up their photo package and was pleasantly surprised. The picture was pretty adorable. Peter had given a large, radiant smile and he was looking straight at the camera, which was a miracle. And as silly as Tony looked, he could see his happiness in the picture too.
That conversation is how they ended up at an adoption agency looking over the available infants. They had only visited with two other kids before the third in line had stolen Tony's heart. His name was Peter and he was a six-month-old, fair-skinned brunette with piercing blue eyes that happily babbled at the both of them. The woman that had been giving them the tour tried to usher them along, but Tony's mind was made up and Steve couldn't blame him. Peter was the perfect mixture of the both of them, and from the photos Steve had seen of Tony's childhood, looked eerily similar to the man. It took a few painstaking weeks to finalize the paperwork and prep the tower, but before the last signature had even dried, Steve and Tony were taking home their bouncing baby boy.
“Good point, stay here. I’ll probably crash from a sugar high and need you as a pillow,” Tony admits like he has to give Steve a reason to stay when he has no intention of leaving.
As they rode back to the tower, Steve had taken the scenic route home, content to have just a few more minutes of Tony all to himself. He had been so worried that Tony was severely disappointed by their date, but as they entered the elevator upon their return, the brunette’s face was filled with a huge smile that made Steve warm all over. Tony had confessed that his past romantic partners had never taken him on a date – relying on the billionaire himself to pay and plan everything – and that had been his first
“Da,” Peter whines as his eyes quickly become teary.
if I don’t know what
do something. Not to be outdone by their eight-year-old son, Tony had gotten them reservations at Eleven Madison Park for that night. It wasn't a place Steve would have normally gone to - ever - but the restaurant was famously known for having a long waiting list, so if Tony wanted to eat there, Steve would suck it up. They both had to dress to the nines if they wanted to even step into the fine dining establishment, which had left Steve feeling even more uncomfortable, and his movements constricted in the suit he wore. Their table had been tucked away in a quiet corner of the bustling restaurant, and as Steve looked over the menu, he imagined his eyes bulged out like in the cartoons. When the waitress had come to collect their orders, Tony must have seen the panic on Steve's face and felt compelled to rescue him from his inevitable embarrassment, because as he was racing to find the cheapest item that would be considered filling for a super soldier, Tony chimed in and asked if they had cheeseburgers. The scoff that seemed to echo through the room was answer enough and Tony had grabbed Steve's hand and drug him out to their waiting car, politely asking Happy to step on it to the closest burger joint he could find.
It’s a nice touch that he offers the suggestion under the guise that he’s worried about Tony, but he’s sorely mistaken if he thinks Tony is any less annoyed about their predicament. Tony’s eyes drill holes into Steve’s at his proposal and the overly sweet tone he used to placate Tony just to drive home the fact that he’s still on his shit list.
“Sweetheart,” Steve oh so softly says like he knows he has to tread lightly, “you can put Peter down if you want. You’ve been holding him this whole time. Aren’t your arms tired?”
He watches Steve praise their giggling son and Tony can’t help but smile fondly at the two before he catches Steve staring warmly back. He schools his features, feigning annoyance at him when Steve walks towards him.
Santa is gingerly bouncing Peter on his knee and pointing to the gentleman behind the camera so he will look in that direction. He even whispers to Peter in what Tony only thinks can be him bribing him with the promise of a toy if he behaves. The poor photographer is also trying, doing everything in his power to grab Peter’s attention to no avail. He’s hollering, making funny faces and shaking toys, but Peter's eyes are locked on his parents.
“Petey, bud, it’s just a picture and then you’re all done,” Steve tries to reassure. “Just say cheese, can you do that for Papa?”
It’s a fleeting pity party though when Steve’s free hand pulls Tony over and nestles him against his broad, comfortable chest. Tony can see why Peter likes this because Steve’s body is warm and he smells delicious. If he closes his eyes, Tony can almost imagine that they are wrapped up on the couch at home with the heater roaring.
Steve is so damn lucky that Peter is adorable because Tony had every intention of scowling his way through this photo so he could consistently remind him how miserable he was. But hearing Peter’s version of cheese has his mask falling and a goofy, toothy grin appearing.
The hand strokes up and down in rhythm with Steve’s thrusts, and Tony’s right at the finish line about to bust. Steve’s hips behind him begin to stutter, “Tony, I’m gonna—“ is all he manages to utter.
“Trust me, you’ll love it. You want to try a bite?” Tony looks nervous like the innocent snack will strike at any moment, so Steve appeases him. “Look, I’ll eat it with you.”
Tony's body is soft and pliant trying to suck Steve in, and Steve rewards him, by burying a third finger within. There's a stretch and a burn, but the pleasure is better, and Tony's dick is leaking, becoming impossibly wetter.
Tony’s arms wrap around his neck as he leans against Steve’s chest and presses their bodies flush against one another. Steve’s hands glide up Tony's thighs, creeping ever so slowly past where the oversized sweatshirt falls. He nips at Tony’s ear before whispering, "I'd like to see s'more of this view," as his hands reach around and cup Tony’s ass.
He picks up the dish and brings it between their bodies so that Tony can have a better look. “No, this is a s’more,” he gently informs, gesturing with the plate. “It’s a graham cracker sandwich filled with marshmallow and melted chocolate. Usually, you make it over a campfire, so you can toast the marshmallow, but I used the microwave,” Steve adds sheepishly, his free hand moving to scratch the back of his head awkwardly. “It’s how my ma used to always make them.”
Gasping for air Tony startles awake, realizing his boxers are coated and starting to flake. Steve was never there, the truth coming to light; it ‘twas all just a wet dream, on a lonely Christmas Eve Night.
Sitting on Santa’s lap, with Peter on his own, Tony’s cheeks flame in embarrassment. As it turns out, Peter had no problem with Santa as long as he wasn’t the one sitting in the strange man's lap. And since Tony was short and lean, he was the obvious choice, as Steve had so helpfully pointed out.
“Language, Tony!” Steve scolds just as Peter startles at their tones and releases a whimper.
Steve still remembers their first interaction on the helicarrier. That whole day had been disastrous. They both spewed words laced with venom intended to cut the other down. They were from two different worlds. One was a super soldier created from a serum in a bottle and the other a man in a suit of armor, their only common ground being that both were hung up on the past in some fashion. Tony had been a reminder of the friend that Steve had lost decades ago while he slept on ice, whereas Steve was a constant reminder of everything Tony had never lived up to. Steve couldn’t fathom the idea of working together, let alone getting along.
Tony can’t even properly respond, too speechless from the cheesiness that’s been oozing from Steve’s pores all day long. He just nods and slinks under Steve’s arm, letting himself be guided to the exit, his enormous grin never leaving his face as he stares dreamily at his family.
Peter is staring at them like they just abandoned him. His big, beautiful eyes are tinged with a sad, haunting look and his little lips are wobbling, and Tony knows that the waterworks will start soon. “It’s okay, baby. You’re okay,” Tony says gently from where he stands. “Papa and I are right here and we aren’t going anywhere.”
Tony's hand dropped to his lap, flattening and palming his dick, which had sprung to life like an alarm clock in the morning. "Have I mentioned I hate you?" Tony moaned, unable to help himself.
"Four, I think. Why?"
"I'm fine. Just need to tinker for a bit. Work some shit out this big ol' brain of mine."
Tony patted his shoulder, "I know." He scraped the rest of the cake from his plate and stood. "I'm gonna go to workshop for a few, clear my mind for a bit. Jarvis will let me know when Steve gets home." He sent Thor a cheeky grin, "You can go text the others now that I got my head outta my ass." He placed the dishes in the sink.
"You could open me up!"
Much thanks to my betas Rachel and Lan.
Steve took it as a personal challenge. Not to prove something that wasn't scientific fact, but to fuck Tony so well that he couldn't discern one from the other. Dropping to his knees in front of the chair, Steve ran his hands up Tony's thick thighs to the button and zipper, making quick work of undoing them. "Lift," he instructed, using the voice he preferred when handling a particularly difficult patient. Tony didn't hesitate. He raised his hips, letting Steve tug off his pants and boxers in one go.
"Howard-" Tony faltered, "-I mean, uh, dad?" Unconsciously, he stepped back, out of arm's reach. "I need to tell you something."
Tony sat up and slid his right leg over Steve to straddle him, "Feeling horny? Is that better? Because I don't think it is, but if that's what you want to call it-"
"I may have asked JARVIS to play it back for me a few times."
"Yes and no. I don't think we should attach this Howard to anything the other did, do you?" He could have been raising both eyebrows in question, but Tony couldn't tell. For all he saw, Fury had perfectly quirked his right eyebrow, and that was that.
"I love you," Steve breathed as Tony began to move. He had more to say, but the pleasure coursing through him as Tony's hips rocked took over every single thought in his head. He let his hands rest on Tony's thighs, mouth agape as Tony's insides clenched around him, sliding him in and out, the heat building between the two of them.
She had watched as he finally found a partner he could grow old with, as he learned to deal with his PTSD and mental illness, and as he stabilized his life.
Thor nodded and pointed at Steve, "Go!"
the biggest boy band in the world. You couldn't pass a single newspaper stand or magazine cart without seeing their faces.
"Jealous of what? Your tea making capabilities? Make a proper cucumber sandwich and then we'll talk." Rhodey quipped, picking up the teapot and pouring them each a cup. He made a show of it, like he was a Japanese geisha and not a military man.
him, or some sort of psycho-babble."
"I vote
Tony moaned, "Yes!" The slap hurt in the best way, sending bolts of pleasure through his body. Steve wore Tony's MIT ring, the hard platinum slamming into the genius' skin.
"Apparently, the rest of the team thought it was the best choice in comfort foods today."
Growling and striding closer to Tony, the man hissed. "You kill my dragon, I kill you!"
How she could be so poised, but if he caught her off guard she would
Tony is more than his genius. More than his looks. He's kind and funny. Giving and sassy. He's so much more than a lustful want. He's everything Steve could have hoped for in a partner. And everything he never thought he needed.
"It's because I know
"He's been through enough. I just don't want him to hurt anymore."
"You know it, Rahib. Can you put extra kraut on two of those for me?"
But Steve didn't speak. There were no words to say, and the sound would only make the pain in Tony's head feel worse. In his mind, he was in full lecture mode.
He was right to hate the Howard that raised Tony.
"Absolutely."
He wiggled, trying to escape as Steve dug his fingers into his ribs, "Ack! No! Stop!" Laughing hard, he finally wormed his way out of Steve's grip, and took off down the hallway, sliding into the kitchen and colliding with Clint. "Sorry!" Clint looked equal parts annoyed and amused as he steadied Tony enough that the genius was able to vault himself over a stool and vanish into the living room and behind the sofa.
When her guard was down, Natasha was funny, friendly, and sassy. He really adored that about her.
she huffed, dropping her feet and crossing her arms.
Things get a little tenser, but also a little better. As usual, nothing makes much sense when it concerns the Avengers, particularly Steve and Tony.
"You shouldn't be here."
Tony shrugged, "Bad enough."
Seeing your dead father would do that to anyone.
Yes, they fought. They bickered like an old married couple. Said some pretty shitty things to each other as well. But when the cards were down - when they needed each other the most, they knew without a doubt who they could count on.
"That we got wind of it and Bruce would know better than the hacks at SHIELD."
"Steve is, well." She paused, tilting her head so her red hair fell onto her shoulder. "He's overprotective. Especially of Tony. And let's face it," she pressed on before Clint could answer, "someone needs to be."
She nodded, nothing to say but understanding his trepidation. "Come on."
(See the end of the chapter for
He nodded, his smile tight. "Right, right. No one in Tony's life likes me. Not at first anyway." He leaned back, letting his hand rest on the counter top. "I'm trying to do right by him, you know."
He looks up at Clint. "Where are his prescriptions?"
Steve felt his anger start to ebb away. How could he not when the sexiest man in the world was propositioning him? The sexist man in the world whom he loved with every ounce of his heart. "Shut up and just kiss me."
"And then dinner."
There was no chance to answer. The elevator dinged loudly, cutting through the tense silence between them.
But Steve wasn't about to look the proverbial gift horse in the mouth. He snorted and lifted the plate from the tray, "Have at it." He was just glad Tony was calming. Pissing Tony off on top of everything was grounds for making Steve sleep on the couch, not that he wouldn't deserve it. Regardless of how much Tony fought to be so independent and
"So, what? We need to get healthy shit?" balked Clint.
Steve froze, unsure of what to do. He was afraid of getting his hopes up, too sure that Tony would just want things amicable between them, too used to the bottom dropping out to dare even dream about having Tony back.
He smiled softly as he scooped Tony into his arms and turned him the right way on the bed, the blue pajama bottoms falling over Tony's bare feet as he was lifted.
"I want to make it up to Tony. And to Steve." Howard looked down at his cup. "Mostly Tony." His eyes closed briefly, and when they opened, they were fierce and determined. "He's my son, and I failed him. Time and time again. Past, present, and future. At least for me, since I've yet to live out what I will do to Tony. If there's one thing this misadventure can bring, it'll hopefully be a little peace to his life."
"I'm ready now, J. Regardless of what he says. I need to know."
Tony's mouth is open in a little 'o.' He blinks and pulls his phone from his pocket. "I dropped it in the airport, and it got run over by a tram. I didn't know." The phone in his hand is dark and shattered.
Howard set the blueprints down. "I just took the elevator and got off where the doors opened. This is your workshop?" He paused then grinned, a light flush rising up his neck. "I mean, of course it's your workshop. I'm sorry, I should have asked, but it looked… As soon as I walked in here it was like-- I don't know. I figured out it was yours, and I wanted to be somewhere that was close to you, but-"
"Then tell me," Thor responded slowly, "what is it like?" Howard Stark was retreating, backtracking under the gaze of the large warrior in front of him. There was no way - unless they had told him - that he knew precisely who Thor was and exactly what he was capable of doing. In that respect, Thor's size was an advantage. Even if he were mortal, he'd be formidable and daunting.
Wordlessly, Steve handed him the tin. Tony opened it, delight blooming on his face, and handed it to James, who laughed loudly.
He paused, a tea bag hovering over Steve's mug, and looked up and over at his love. He had sat down, across from Bruce, laughing heartily at whatever the other had just said and spooning eggs onto his plate. Happy. Content.
Steve blinked furiously, his eyes dotted with white spots, and he squeezed his lids closed. He moved to raise his hand to rub the spots away but found it anchored by Tony's hand gripping his bicep. The gravity of what happened clicked in not a moment later and he shifted quickly, standing and blocking Tony from harm, his instinct clicking in full force.
Steve felt his hand up. "You couldn't have predicted this."
Steve and Tony had a love she could only hope to one day attain herself, but it wasn't perfect. The road to hell, as the saying went, was paved with good intentions. Steve fought with Howard, and Howard fought with Steve. That was the divot on the road, a giant pothole that continuously derailed any attempts that the two of them made to step in the right direction regarding their issues with each other. It was possible that Steve had overreacted. It was possible that Tony had expected the worst - and really, why wouldn't he? - and had interpreted Howard's reaction incorrectly.
"I'll take a raincheck, thanks. The potatoes are boiling over."
Steve jumped and glared, "Tony!" But Tony wasn't done. The next yell came out sounding hysterical; no one could say Tony Stark couldn't act.
"Oh good, I hate to leave leftovers." She chuckled at that. "Where's the bathroom? I gotta take a leak." He asked, and she raised an eyebrow but pointed down the hallway.
"We could watch something tonight," he was saying. "Action? Comedy? Both?"
The thought of Steve sent a burst of happiness through him. Their day out had been so wonderful. Tony had felt protected, he felt joyful, he felt like a teenager again, getting to spend time with the person he liked.
He was so small. Just a child, really, fifteen and skinny, shorter than almost everyone else on campus because he was
Oh yes, and we can't forget the
"That he has nine years on how to think of how to be a better father?"
His phone sounded, the text alert cutting off whatever she was going to say next. Unashamedly, she picked up his cell and read the text. "Bruce says breakfast is ready."
(See the end of the chapter for
The door opened, and Steve felt the cool breeze from the early April air. He looked up as they entered and found Tony watching him. Shifting uneasily in his seat, Steve swallowed.
Tony popped a chip into his mouth, chewing thoughtfully. "True. We're only a few blocks from Central Park, we can walk through it to get back to the tower. There's always something going on there, maybe we'll find something to do." He paused and made a face reminiscent of a toddler faced with broccoli, "Also, I'm not too keen on stepping on a subway again."
"How so?"
"Have you realized that if you mention a kink suddenly it's in the next story?" Bruce said, ignoring what Tony was obviously doing. This was his best friend, and sometimes when it came to besties, you looked the other way.
Sitting on the bed, Tony reached for his sneakers, looking up at Rhodey with a hopeful face, "Where you lead I will follow?"
"Then what
Something clicks in Michael's head, and his eyes go wide. "That's brilliant. And he's integral; we know he'll be integral. And Philip? One of the best mentors we have. He's an obvious choice. Why didn't I think of that?"
"I'll live."
"I love you. You'll always be my favorite loser."
Tony shook his head. His eyes, red rimmed and exhausted, still had tears falling from them. Steve wanted to reach out, draw him into his arms and kiss his tears away, just as he had done countless times before. His arms lifted, stretching toward Tony, but an explosion rocked outside, and Steve, falling back on instinct, braced Tony against the wall, protecting him. The aftershock of whatever exploded settled, and neither were worse for wear, nor did he see any damage to the hallway they were in. He hadn't really needed to protect Tony. It was just his first instinct.
still need you." He dropped the folder in front of her, but she didn't reach out to take it. "These guys," he tapped the file, "are stubborn as fuck."
It was too much.
"Think I can come up with something," Thor said. "Let me have fifteen in the next room." He stood, picking up the sheet music. Pepper nodded and swivelled back around, hitting the playback for Bruce.
"Hey!" Clint raised his voice, pointing at Howard, "Assholes don't speak unless they're farting." Howard was shocked silent.
Bruce huffed, shooting Clint an incredulous glance, "It was
"Ready to hurt me?" Tony braces himself.
Tony was quiet, weighing his words. "Then he flips out. But at least we had some sort of control over how he found out. Because he will, Steve. You know it. I know it. Delaying the inevitable is no way to live life day after day." He surged forward, grasping Steve's hands. "Haven't we been through enough? Don't we deserve to take the wheel? If it's an explosion, babe, let it be a controlled one."
Howard shot up from the couch, "Now wait just a goddamn minute-"
He nodded, "Do your research on them. And
I'm really curious as to what everyone is thinking of this series, please, please comment!
Tony's head dropped into his hands. "Just kill me now."
"Go!" Steve pointed to the door, "Living room. I'll meet you out there."
Natasha traded a look with Clint, a silent conversation born from their total understanding of one another. Clint sighed and blew the air from his lungs out in an audible whoosh.
"What do you see in him anyway?" The man spoke again, encroaching Tony's personal space in the worst way possible.
"Yes and no." He stepped into the room, hands deep within the pockets of the - were those Tony's? - jeans he was wearing. "I started putting the pieces together yesterday. Tony told me this morning."
The AI responded, "I know, sir, Agent Barton and Dr. Banner have been inquiring about when you were awake to inform you. Shall I tell them?"
Laughing, Clint crumbled up the wrapper to the burrito he was eating and flung it toward Tony. "The only fucking going on around here is between Steve and-Ooof!"
"What I'm saying is, it wouldn't be remiss if the dark side also had cake. Specifically, your cake." Tony was listing to the side, and Clint gently propped him up.
"Don't fucking try to make me like you," Tony whispered, a hard edge to his voice, even though he never lifted his eyes from the floor, "I can't- It's not fair." Each word was punctuated with frustration, turning into a snarl by the end of it.
Well. What a sweetheart.
"I know," Tony took a deep breath, sobering, "I know. It's just...I can't make the thoughts go away." Somehow, it was the most revealing thing Tony had ever said. But Steve understood.
He was angrily wiping his eyes as the door shut behind him, mad at himself for letting Howard get to him, and for allowing his emotions to take control. He was a grown man, for Christ's sake! Crying over how daddy didn't love him enough was something his teenage self did. Not a forty-three year old superhero.
"Can't forget the Shawarma!" Tony grinned, “Official food of the Avengers!”
Looking up at him, Clint said, "So, what? I can go chill in your kitchen?"
When the doctor entered, Steve tried really hard not to snatch his hand away too quickly. Tony didn't need their relationship coming out on top of everything else.
to Tony to upset him, but she always found out. She was a lioness protecting her cub - even if Tony vehemently denied being her cub.
Ria Rose - 3136 - S1 - Soul bond (I definitely didn't realize this was supposed to be a soulmate AU until after I wrote it, but I hope you like the prompt anyway!)
Somehow, Steve had grown more in the past eleven days than he has since he was unfrozen.
The man at the cart looked up, surprised, but smiled when he saw Natasha. "Anything for my beautiful friend here. Feeding the masses again, Miss Natasha?"
"We'll figure this out, okay?" he finally spoke, rocking them softly in comfort. "Stay here, I'll try to get some information."
songs being played on the radio, despite what they had told Natasha. Those days were definitely over. Though, if their new manager had anything to say about it, they were coming again.
"Night, Bruce."
"I've never been so excited to read about a wall falling before." Pushing his chair out, Howard walked with Steve toward the grill. "Need any help?"
"I've eaten since then. I had a banana yesterday. I think. Or was that the day before?"
Looking up, he watched as Bruce wiped his hands on a dishrag, walking closer to him, but Tony recoiled. Bruce paused, speaking again, "Tones?"
She told herself it was research for undercover operations.
Steve ignored the comment. "You've got my attention now. What did you want to talk with me about?"
"We have a lot in common. We both skipped a couple of decades." Pulling his leg underneath him, Steve sat up, excited to share his thoughts. "It was
Tony STILL thinks it's Natasha (What a dumb ass, amirite), and he and Steve have an outing. As friends of course. And they're totally not flirting with each other. Also there's smut.
Howard leaned back, raising his hand and taking the ice from Tony. "Why?"
"And we're almost there!"
"What the hell does that have to do with anything?" Steve bit out vehemently, "So we both have had to calm Tony down after a nightmare about his piece of garbage father, if anything that proves my point!"
Tony almost came right there. He quickly squeezed himself to stop the orgasm, gasping at how quick the intensity built.
Tony shook his head, his eyes still not open. "No, just caffeine."
Finally calming, Clint picked up the subject again, "Now, would you listen to me?"
Turning to leave, Hill at his heels, Fury chuckled, "That's the answer I was afraid of."
Howard stepped around the bed, fully aware he was being, well, himself, and treading on already thin ice. But whoever she was had scurried underneath, the bed skirt swaying as a heel disappeared. "Damn, Stevie! I don't know who she is, but she sure does have a nice behind!"
"He asleep?" Bruce asked, concerned.
The one flaw in the plan was that Tony was wrapped around Steve like a four armed octopus. It was cute, but it presented a problem in getting up. When he had first met him, Steve never would have guessed that Tony was a cuddler. Not even a little bit. But being
And just like that, the rest of the balloon deflated.
She winced at that. "Pretty much. Give him time, he'll be okay."
, as clichéd as it was. And yeah, it was potentially dangerous for them to be so wrapped around each other, being who they were. But he couldn't leave Tony any more than he could leave the team. Even if their connection to each other had the capability of rendering them useless if one of the multitudes of bad guys they faced got wind of it. Tony was a part of him. And he was a part of Tony.
It had taken too long to get back to New York, and she worried about the effect this was having on Tony and how her absence may have made it worse.
Ria Rose - 3136 - K2 - Dares/Bets
Over his shoulder, as he leaves, Coulson quips, "And undressed you as well!"
"Cap?"
Steve blinks, looking owlishly at Tony. It's such a cute look on him; Tony is almost unable to do anything else but stare. But the tears remain in his eyes, and Tony knows he's got a small window until Steve throws in the towel completely, and Tony wants more than anything right now to cheer him up.
Howard's mouth dropped. "What? Where is this coming from?"
If Tony were to admit anything, it would be to Rhodey. His person. His rock. The man he went to for all things good and bad. The man who showed him how to let others in -- like Steve. Without his guidance and support and unwavering love, Tony would never have felt the confidence to take that step with Steve. Nor would he have let Pepper in, or the other Avengers. Like his own Blue Fairy, it was Rhodey who all those years ago helped to turn him into a real boy.
screwed.
It's slower the next time. A gentle pull from the abyss. He feels himself ascending and opens his eyes to a world fuzzy around the edges. This time it's Natasha bent over him. She cups his cheek, smiling softly, but somehow it's
He's graced with a smile before Steve turns back to the group, lifting his hand up higher. "Many happy returns, my friends.
Steve put his arm around Tony's waist, and it fit so perfectly Tony almost welled up again. Almost. He had enough of tears to last a lifetime.
"This is getting scary." Clint spoke.
"Come on, already! We're starving!" Happy shouts out.
"Oh my god! I love your dress!"
People were staring again and eavesdropping without shame. Somehow, Natasha had put him at ease enough that instead of feeling awful about it, he was indignant. Let them listen. Maybe they'd learn not to judge him so harshly!
He had to stifle a laugh at that. "From your mouth to God's ears."
"We've got a good thing going here," Thor added, leaning forward to catch her eye, "we chart in the adult contemporary charts," he made a quick face at the wording but kept on, "and our fans have enough clout to sell out 15 to 20 thousand seat venues. Merch sales are high, VIP and Soundcheck continuously sell out...Natasha, we've got
But if anything, Michael's smile has grown wider. "I'm not."
Which left Natasha to rally up Tony the next morning, dragging him from bed (because of course he stayed up waiting for the phone call), and dumping him rather unceremoniously in the shower.
"What's with the flowers?" Steve asked, gesturing to the bouquets on his hand.
"And?" Clint jumped up, grabbing the tome and waving it through the air, "This is something you should lead with, Hill! What happened? How did you send that person back?"
Coulson nods. "My current charges are a bit spread out," he says after wiping his mouth with a napkin. He's still got a smear of syrup on his chin, and Tony points to his own to tell him. Grumbling, Coulson rubs at the spot but only manages to get pieces of napkin stuck to it. "Pancakes are undignified."
pretty amazing," Tony preened, kissing Steve again and smiling into it.
you and Steve."
"What even
Howard knew -- at that moment -- that he was the biggest idiot in the world. But through the rushing in his ears and his wildly breathing heart, his brain worked. There had to be a way to salvage this somehow. A way to go back and stop him from ever casting that spell.
Was it just the reaction of his father that had sent him into this downward spiral? No, and Tony knew that. This was everything: Howard showing up, bickering with Steve, Howard's reaction to his relationship with Steve, the stress of the entire situation building and building and building. Tony not noticing that his mental state - the one he had worked so hard to improve after Afghanistan
"Aww, come on, Stevie! I promise I'll do better! Please, daddy?! I'll do my homework later!"
"Steve just went to grab a file from his room, he'll be back any minute. Do you want to talk about it?" Choices. That's what Bruce gave to Tony. He gave him autonomy. The space and the ability to make his own decisions was helping to calm him - but only a little, and Tony took a deep breath.
, they won't suspect."
I'm supposed to feel."
it usually meant he was about to breach the one topic Tony really didn't want to discuss, aside from Ty Stone, that is, "that you should just climb into Steve's la-"
"How do you even know all of this?"
Shrugging Coulson off, Tony stands, uncomfortable with the topic. "I'm a narcissist; I'm a jerk—a spoiled playboy."
With that feeling bubbling inside him, he stripped off his pajama bottoms and lay back on his bed, nude and ready to envision himself with Steve, to touch himself and pretend it was the soldiers hands.
"I won't subject you to that. Maybe something closer to us up here if you want?"
"What? Is the great Black Widow finally feeling an emotion other than the urge to kill?"
"It never is."
He slowed and stopped -- chest heaving with the exertion -- lowering himself onto Tony's back, kissing every available inch of skin. As he caught his breath, he pulled out slowly, his cock coming free, a stream of come dangling from the tip to Tony's rim, his hand going down to feel Tony's hole as it quivered and contracted around the emptiness.
"Is Howard okay?" There was real concern in Tony's voice and it made Steve pause.
"Huh?" Ah, Steve. So eloquent.
"I know."
Thor studied him, taking in the similarities between his appearance and his friend's. That was where the likeness between them ended at first glance. Save for a love of science, Thor could sense that any other resemblance was superficial at best. Sense of humor? Most likely. Masks? Definitely. But everything Thor knew of the man was unsavory. Despite the outward personality and showmanship he'd seen in the clips of Howard on YouTube that were eerily close to his son's, Thor was aware of the contrasts between them. Their hearts, for one.
"Hallelujah." He kissed Tony's right knee and slid his hands down his inner thighs. "Show me."
at what we do as Avengers. The perfect cannot objectively defend. But that doesn't mean we don't deserve the ability to fill in some of those cracks."
Something about Steve calling him angel was driving Tony nuts, what he wouldn't give to hear that for real.
"Steve's ticked though."
He could see Tony's eyes darkening and let the hand closest to Tony rest on his leg in comfort as he read aloud.
Tony turned from his hug of Pepper, arm still around her shoulders. "No, low would have been in the giblets." He looked over at Howard, chuckling at how hard he was laughing.
Rhodey leaned over the back of the couch and gently rapped Tony on his head. "Anthony!" he warned.
Steve grinned, a mischievous glint in his eyes. "She definitely did. And she was a part of them. Besides, I'm sure you and Tony will gang up on me often enough." Which made his face go immediately red. "I didn't mean it like that!" he exclaimed, his face horrified as Howard's started laughing so hard he was bent over.
hurt an innocent. You can think the fuck ya want, but know this: Tony Stark don't hurt no kids." Tony turned back to the safe. "Get ya money and get the fuck out."
"I've actually wanted to meet you for a long time."
Howard cracked a smile and shook his head. "You also have the worst timing."
Pepper groans, balling up her napkin and tossing it at Tony. "Who are you calling delinquent?"
Back to Steve.
"It better be a big palm tree," she muttered, gazing down at the handsome faces of the five aging boy band members. "With coconuts. So then at least I'll be in good company."
Steve didn't want to stop kissing him, but there was a promise for so much more; his hands left Tony's hair and chin, and he popped the bottle of lube open again. He concentrated on coating his cock first, slicking it before wiping the excess across Tony's hole. Breaking the kiss, Steve took himself in hand and carefully, slowly guided the tip of his length just past the tight rim.
"What are you saying, Tony? Are you breaking up with me?" His tone desperate, Steve reached out, trying to grab one of Tony's hands, but he kept them tight on the controls.
Tony had no idea how he was still standing when all of the blood in his body was in his face. Steve could sense he was uncomfortable.
"Mister Stark!"
"I don't feel very protected right now, Steve. I feel like you think I can't handle my own shit." The grey t-shirt he swiped from Steve's drawer was too big for him, but combined with his fitted jeans hanging low on his hips, he looked both adorable and sexy as hell. Had Steve not royally pissed him off, he might have enjoyed teasing him, playing a game of coy innocence and driving him wild again.
There were six folders on his computer of projects he needed to start or complete, six folders of things to do to get his mind off the upcoming conversation with Steve. Any one of those would have been a perfect distraction for him, something to delve into, to focus his brain on.
"Anyway," Rhodey began, letting his hands fall on Tony's knees, far too used to Tony to even react, "I think Agent Romanoff might have a point."
"You're right," Rhodey admitted. "Tony, you're right. This is your decision. Just hear me out, okay, man? Okay?"
"I know you do. But this is obviously upsetting you." She tried to catch his eyes, but he looked away.
"You slept pretty soundly using me as a body pillow," Steve says it like a question, asking permission even though he's already pulling Tony to his chest.
"Hey," kneeling on the bed over Tony, Steve leaned down to kiss him, "didn't mean to wake you."
There was another mosaic, this time it was Steve, Tony, and Thor, after Tony had fallen from the sky. He lay on the street, his face plate ripped off, eyes closed, arc reactor dark. Thor looked crestfallen, but still his usual stoic self. But Steve...
"Wish I could. She needs backup, but you know the Other Guy; it wouldn't end well, and hey! You can tell her that Howard is Tony's father!" Bruce was trying for levity; he knew exactly what he was asking of Steve. Dealing with your boyfriend's drunk father was bad enough even without the added benefit of knowing he was essentially the root of all the emotional issues he had.
The Village Lantern was a small family owned German tavern that had been around since the mid nineteenth century. They boasted all sorts of German fare and a whole menu dedicated to beer they made in house. Bruce had only been once before, not long after the Chitauri, with Tony. Their sauerbraten was incredible, and he set the menu aside without even opening it.
"Tony," Steve says slowly, but there's hope creeping into his voice, "we're adults."
"One day," he said quickly, standing and racing to the door, "one day ya use that money, and you come back to me."
"Eloquent."
"Maybe," he emerged from the kitchen, "are you surprised?"
Tony pulls back, a frown on his face. "What's going on?"
Tony's cock lay forgotten against his abdomen, the story had held just enough truth to make him ache a little, and he couldn't stop reading if he tried.
It's like a nervous tick at this point, to hit the redial on his cellphone. Bruce's hands are shaking as he puts an arm around Steve's shoulders.
"Now, why would I do that?"
"Down kitty," Tony can't help himself. She raises his hackles like no one in this place has. He feels his palms start to sweat, but it has nothing to do with her and more to do with the obsession Howard had that ruled Tony's childhood. Coulson should know this. "All I'm saying is, I don't—Ugh. Just...explain. Why are you still looking for him?"
Clint thought,
He dropped his hand, tilted his head, and put the sass on full speed. "Natasha…" But again, she just laughed. Fuck, she was seriously infuriating sometimes, even if she was the best friend he had ever had.
Tony was up and running to the elevator in an instant, "I told you! It's mine now!"
"I have virtue?"
"It's the milkshakes."
"Anthony Edward Stark!"
When it came to missions, to team things, Steve could tell Tony no. He had no trouble putting his foot down when it involved dangerous situations. But at home, where they were just two people deeply in love, he could never deny Tony anything. It was his weakness.
They also missed getting into a cab or walking into a store and hearing one of
"I'll take the complement and ignore the insult."
"Probably smart." Stepping back, Tony held into Steve's hand until he was too far and their fingers slipped apart. He grinned, bolstering himself and Steve. "Wish me luck." Steve just smiled back, his hand slowly coming to rest at his side.
"All day they've been trying." Tony started. "All day. Telling me I'm worthy. That I'm good enough. And you just...So completely." His point needed to be made clearly, so he dropped his head back onto the pillow, looking Steve in his eyes. Those blue, blue eyes, like the sky after a storm, when the sun pushes its way past the clouds. "You make me feel safe. Secure. Like what's in my past, for once, doesn't matter."
“Gimme some more of that, Georgia,” Tony demanded, holding out his empty mug.
Tony’s jaw dropped. “I’m not your co-captain!” He pushed away from the tree, starting to pace again. “I’m out of the field, remember. Iron Man is retired.”
Wanda was the one who replied. “The world is eating itself from the inside out. We need to act quickly.”
“Bells!” he yelped. “Goddamn bells!”
“Fuck.” Tony cringed. His vocabulary took a dive when his dick took over.
Holding his arms out, he lumbered to the kitchen, following the tantalizing scent of his drug of choice. “Coffeeeeeee,” he intoned.
want the answer.
Tony stared at him. “Are you shitting me?” he asked.
“Not another word,” Tony warned.
“I’ve been in pain my entire life, Steve. Just once, I want to hurt for a good reason. Fuck me so that I’ll be able to feel you inside me for days.” Tony kept his gaze very steady, wanting Steve to see that he meant every word.
“Which is where you come in,” Sam said. “We just need to get into Purgatory. Everything else is on us.”
“Did you know?” Sam’s question was like a knife to Steve’s heart. “Steve, did you know?”
Bucky handed him a full glass. Tony wondered if he was trying to get him drunk. “You were a dick to Steve,” Bucky said, flopping down next to Tony.
