Victor is the second youngest of the grown-ups. Dean has noticed that he kind of has a commanding tone when he talks, but he doesn’t strut around expecting people to listen to him. He’s nice about it, and everyone really likes him. Rowena said it’s because Victor was being trained for a position of power within his own tribe before the
Aside from a slight bowing of the legs, the skeletal scan already taken before they arrived has identified no physical deformities. In all aspects, 1-M-7 is an
A simple touch to a panel on the wall opens his wardrobe, and it slides out into the center of the room from next to the panel. Bolts of cloth and the belts that hold them hang evenly from the spaced rungs along its length, along with his shirts and pants. Beneath them hang baskets that hold his underclothes, a few of his personal treasures, and various jewelry pieces that he has been gifted throughout the course of his lifetime.
“Cas almost here?” Sam asked as he and Dean shut the doors to the impala. The sun lay high in the sky, scorching the land with its blazing yellow eye. The road had taken them across Kansas, through Colorado and finally into the deserts of Arizona. The red slabs of rock had heightened as they neared, growing into layered spires and plateaus.
“Where is that light coming from?” Dean pointed up the path, into the fog. The warm flickering light was small — and not enough to penetrate the white atmosphere.
Another thermos of coffee and a half a sandwich later, Dean started the process of hauling up the first line. It was slow going, and technically he was sure he was breaking about fifteen different laws, but no one was out here to call him on it either.
to be bothered by it. There are too many unanswered questions where Cas is concerned, and it’s an itch at the back of Dean’s mind that he can’t get any answers.
Ellen moves over to stand with Bill, speaking barely more than a whisper. Bill picks up Jo, and Ellen takes his free hand. May gets up and runs over to Lily, hiding her face against her thigh. Frank closes the flap over the front of his tent, and the rest of them just stand where they are and stare. Dean holds perfectly still, trying to pretend like if he doesn’t move, they can’t see him. He knows that’s not the case, but it’s the only thing he can think of doing.
“What do you want here?” Fake-Castiel asks and Dean takes a chair from the wall and walks up to the cage. He slowly sits down and just watches Fake-Castiel for a moment. He seems so real.
Dean still waves, though. Even if he’s scared for everyone, and he’s uncomfortable being this far from the wide trunk of the tree, he’s still excited that they’re all home safe and sound. The hunters have been gone for many days now, searching for the great horned
fault that he keeps picking fights with him. If Dean had it his way, he would never interact with Dick at all. But he’s the one that keeps seeking Dean out. All Dean does is stand up for himself.
Sometimes, Dean has nightmares. There are so many different and dangerous things that could have happened to his family while he was gone. If a storm happened and an angry bolt of sky-light hit a tree, a fire could have spread in the forest. For all he knows, his entire tribe might have been forced to up and leave. Or one of the bridges could have collapsed, or a ladder snapped, or the river overflowed while they were standing too close.
While Castiel may be young, it is never too early to begin working on it. Once his thesis is complete, he will need to submit it and have it approved by the board that oversees the Life Sciences Division’s Biology Department. If he wants to work as a Zoologist, which he does, then they
Fear gives way to anger and Dean throws the fur off. He stomps over to the door that Ellen pointed at and he bangs at it, shouting at the painting-Ellen and up to the
Ellen actually snorts and covers her mouth and nose with a hand. Dean glances at her for a moment, before looking back at Big. Instead, Big just lifts an eyebrow. Of course Big doesn’t answer him. Dean didn’t think he would. So, he looks back at Cas and ignores the rest of the
“So… do you have any nice bars here?” Dean asks and he tries to put on his best smile. It feels wrong to flirt with her, especially since Dean feels as if he can feel Castiel’s gaze burning into his back.
Dean looks down at his feet, struggling against the rising urge to cry. He wants to run again to escape the sudden horrible realization that he’s never going to get to do that, is he? He’ll never see the plains tribe, or the sea tribe, or even the mountain tribe. He’ll never get to be
But anger flares within his fighting soul. He disappears back into the depths, diving for the seafloor. Maybe he’d missed it, maybe he wasn’t looking carefully enough. Darker and darker the sea becomes as he abandons the new light of day. He doesn’t want it if Sam won’t see it either.
will come to take him for testing, but Dean already knows he won’t let it happen. Not easily. They can
It only grew deeper with each thunderclap. He didn't want it to end this way. Cas was afraid and he was afraid. He could feel the connection, this bond that intertwined their very being, grace and soul.
Frank gestures at all the sticks. “Think you could lend a hand? I don’t have enough space in here to sort them all.”
The Aetherian carefully turns 1-M-7 onto his stomach and removes a pointed tool from the collection hanging from the ceiling. She tugs the collar of the tunic down away from his neck and presses the tip of the device to his skin. It moves back and forth, but her hand and the tool itself block the view to see what is truly happening. He has a feeling he knows what she is doing, but he would like a confirmation rather than to simply assume.
Sam’s shoes crunched the dirt under his feet. It squelched as the water splashed onto his already ruined boots. The rain had given no retreat, pounding relentlessly against his weary form. His footsteps led him back towards the safe haven, the poor little shack a pathetic excuse for shelter. In his hand he held a few strands of lavender, the purple flowers the only color that were visible in the night. It’d been dark for so long now, Sam yearned for the light of the sun, something bright and warm. He just wanted comfort.
because the position belongs to their family. Only through a challenge can it be taken away. There are some who challenged it in the past, but Dean’s family is strong. Man or woman, they’re strong, and they’ve always won.
“You definitely are stubborn,” Sam sighed, resting his eyes on his stray shirt, “Here, I’ll help you put this on. It’s better than the wound being exposed.” Dean let his brother slip the shirt over his head, gritting his teeth as the fabric settled on the burn. Fortunately, the shirt was loose enough to leave room for his skin to breath. “Here, this too.” Sam guided Dean’s arms through the sleeves of his jacket until it hung loosely on his shoulders. The warmth of the dry clothes caused Dean to relax, his eyes slipping closed at the small second of comfort. Sam huffed a small laugh, “Better?”
Dean fights and shouts, and barely notices the slight prick in the back of his neck. The strength goes out of him a moment later and a fog starts to settle in his head. It becomes impossible to keep his eyes open, and everything goes dark.
are there that they can’t gang up against them? Dean looks up again and counts them again. The original group is down to just three; two big, and the small one who is still crouched and watching closely. A couple others are standing separated from that group, but otherwise he’s only seen a handful of them at a time. How many can there actually be, though?
There was a moment of irrational amusement when the chirp of a bird snapped him from the accidental staring contest. The birds began chirping again, and that had to count for something- Right?
Castiel marks down, privately, that 1-M-7 is more than just stubborn. He is a fighter, and Castiel predicts that he will
“It’s getting worse and we don’t know what’s causing it. Their vitals are pretty normal so far, but they don’t wake up, no matter what we try. We have them on a drip.” The nurse explains slowly and Dean nods. This can’t be a normal disease. It sounds more like a curse.
does. “The next part of the check-up requires that we listen to your heart and lungs. We will also ask that you open your mouth and allow us to check your teeth.”
“Gabriel, I have no idea what happened, but Castiel is having night terrors since he fell asleep.” Sam says and Gabriel is already with his brother. Gabriel presses both fingers against Castiel’s forehead, his frown getting deeper with every second.
He nods again. Dean feels his heart sink. He and Sam have been through some rough patches but they always had each other to rely on should they get hurt. But out here, injured all on your own—you’re screwed.
Dean scrambled to right himself on his butt, scrabbling at the ground in a vain attempt to get distance between himself and the thing towering over him. He hit something solid and warm as soon as he groped his hand back, and a sharp squawk of horror tore from his throat. The mass behind him was scaled, smooth and broad.
. She’s just taller than him for now. Rowena is sure that Dean has another growth spurt coming, and he sure hopes so. May gloats every time she looks down at him, even though she’s not
have so many things that he’s not sure he’ll ever be able to understand. Like the doors! How do they move? Why do they only move sometimes and not always? How did they get a small-Ellen to fit in the wall? Why do the flat things in their hands talk for them when they’re fully capable of talking themselves?
“Are you okay?” She grabs his face and turns him this way and that, pushing his wet hair back while she checks him over. When she’s satisfied that he’s not hurt beyond a few scrapes and bruises, she steps back and slaps him upside the head. Lightly. Dean barely even flinches at it. “Why would you ever think that you could
Or if he needs comfort. Dean might be young, but he can still understand the words that grown-ups leave unsaid. His parents did that a lot, and he always understood.
“The god of Dreams?” Sam asks back and Castiel nods, before he gets up, just to walk back to Dean. As if his sleeping body gives him some answers.
building behind his ribs. She is still typing and Castiel flinches, almost dropping his PADD, when he receives her next message.
His mother squats next to him, her PADD held so he can continue to watch the information that spreads across it – observations and notes shared by her colleagues.
Just like as he eats, 1-M-7 does most things on his own, even swimming. Neither of the other two children are allowed to do so without an adult in the water with them, yet 1-M-7 dives in on his own, often going deep under the water. Castiel was worried the first time he did that, and was very nearly ready to send someone down to save him. Aetherians cannot swim, so that was a truly harrowing moment, as Castiel would not have been able to do anything to help.
Castiel stands up on his perch at his desk the moment he hears his mother’s talons clacking on the floor. He turns to find her walking into the kitchen, partially dressed and still rubbing the sleep from her eyes.
Puffing a small sigh, Dean sat back and took a small bite of an apple. He wasn’t hungry, especially after watching Castiel eat, but he wanted to occupy himself with
Cas tilts his head to the side a bit. His frown goes from the line between his eyebrows to the downturn of his lips. Even his ear-wings start to droop. “Please?”
. As such, Castiel found it quite difficult to work his tongue to make the words. He has a much different accent than any of the recordings of the language they have, but he is confident that he could be understood by the specimen if he spoke with them face to face.
The ‘snake’ tilted his head again, brows scrunching. "You speak in riddles. I am not this ‘cat’ nor did I take this ‘cake.’"
Though he should probably join his mother again, Castiel tugs at the rope again. Satisfied that it is well secured, he tucks his wings against his back as tightly as he can, and uses the rope to start climbing the tree. He digs his talons into the soft bark to keep a good grip, and alternates between using branches and the rope to climb as high as he can get.
for his tribe, and Dean was going to take his place one day. He knows how big a job it is, and he was looking forward to being able to protect and represent his tribe.
1-M-7 gets scrubbed from head to toe with clinical precision using a disinfecting soap and a cloth. His hair is washed with an anti-bacterial solution. In the midst of being washed off, Castiel notes a change in the room and promptly locates his mother’s
fills him. Castiel quickly schools his expression into one of neutrality. It would not be good to accidentally
“But you think there could be something out there? The police hadn’t checked it out because of its remote location but we might be able to.”
May passes by under his tree, and he holds his breath so she doesn’t notice him. “C’mon!” She sounds frustrated as she stomps around, checking behind every tree. “You can’t hide from us forever, you know! We’re a tribe and you gotta be a part of it!”
From where he stands, Dean can see the up-down place. A group of grown-ups are working to secure an old canoe. It’s too old to use on the river, but it’s still useful. They put holes in the edges and looped rope through them, and also underneath it into grooves they cut into the frame. The ropes go up and up into the branches overhead and hang down again. It takes more than one grown up to lower the canoe down to the ground, and even more needed to haul it back up with whatever supplies need to be brought up to the village.
“Then lets get him in the cage.” Lisa says and Castiel isn’t fast enough. Dean already has him, both hands around Castiel’s wrists. Castiel doesn’t even defend himself, why would he?
As promised, an hour later, small shacks and cabins could be spotted amongst the hills. They were scattered and few according to Cas. The closest sign of habitation was a tall windmill, its height lonely and sharp against the bright sky, sticking up like a crooked finger. It was surprisingly out of place with its dark wood and tattered blades. It spun slowly, pushed by the light breeze on the air.
, and take many days of travel to get to. Dean wants to see it with his own eyes, though he probably won’t climb them if they’re too tall. But the great flatlands? How flat are they? Are they really flat and empty, and you can see in all directions?
Mother’s coworker leaves without a word, and they are alone. She at least has the courtesy of waiting until the door is closed before her
on the bridge. Some are walking along it, glancing down here and there, but only one is crouched in place like his first day here. It’s a small one; the same one that is there almost every day. There has only been one day since he got here when the small one wasn’t up on the bridge. Dean frowns at it briefly before going into the trees.
finally finishes climbing the ladder. Dean breathes easy again when he’s standing and clapping the shoulders of the other grown-ups that greet him.
Everyone is happy to just go about doing their own thing. They share everything, and they talk out their issues if they have to. The tribe decides things as a
Dean looks back to the other mantas, realizing they were almost completely hidden behind the bend of the coast now.
Ellen puts an arm around his shoulders and squeezes. “You just need to bite into it for a few moments. Nothing else happens. I promise.”
Dean imagined the dramatic eye roll as Cas sighed and shifted his wings to rest on Dean’s back, “I guess I won’t smother you.” Dean chuckled as he raised his head to look up at his angel. The fondest of smiles pulled at Cas’s lips and Dean stared at it for a while before finally deciding to move.
Only the grown-ups are allowed to go outside during this season, and only for emergencies. It’s a big risk and Dean has stood at the covered entrance to his family tree, worried and waiting every time his
Rowena and Ellen step out from between the tents. Jo is next to Ellen, holding her hand and clinging to her skirt. She doesn’t look like she wants to let go of her
But leave it to Dean Winchester to spit in the face of local wisdom and haul ass right for it. He wanted that payday.
Dean glances up at her when she arrives, and keeps right on looking up until he’s staring at the bridge again. It takes him a bit too long to realize what he’s doing, and when he does, he quickly looks back down, annoyed with himself.
at him from the small table next to his roost. There are different levels of importance that notifications can be marked with. Castiel has never received a notification of this level before, and it wakes him in an instant.
Since Frank isn’t really one for conversation, Dean spends his time sorting while thinking about the strawberries. The fruits he grows are sweet and he finds himself liking them a lot. There’s a lot that they never had back in his tribe, and Dean is going to miss them when he finally manages to escape and get back home. Though he’s probably looking forward the most to having fresh meat that is fish. Dean sometimes can stomach the meat given to them by a
Cas nodded, “Yes. If she was disarmed, theoretically, I would be able to finish her.” A flash of anger crossed the angel’s features, “I’d very much like to.”
People of the tribe are gathering along bridges and platforms around the clearing, watching because hunters have returned. Dean just can’t wrap his head around how everyone else can just walk around without needing to stay close to the tree trunks, or having to keep a hand on the rope. People keep passing by, cutting around them to take one of the many different paths through the village that lead to the up-down place.
. Donatello is very critical of anything that could be a fire hazard. None of the tents are close enough to the pit to catch fire, and even the heavy logs they have for sitting on have to be a certain distance away. Dean gets it, though. He’s paranoid about that kind of thing too.
It’s actually really nice, how careful Castiel is with him, not that he was ever violent with him (besides a few times, and let’s be honest, he really deserved it back then). Dean sighs happily and leans a bit more on Castiel. The angel either doesn’t seem to realize it or he just ignores it.
Sam calls over his shoulder. Dean huffs grumpily but just shakes his head as he follows Sam inside. Before he passes the threshold, he pauses. Dean looks back down at the bruises littering his tail then out towards the direction of the trench.
“Totza congamphlgh,”the witch’s voice whisped above the roaring silence, “Totza congamphlgh i ozien.”
“I’m calling Gabriel.” Rowena says and then gets out her phone. Sam nods and crawls a bit more into the cave. He hadn’t thought it would be this big but soon enough he can already stand. Rowena’s light even reaches up to here. Sam looks around, but he can only see more poppy seeds.
to give his name. And why should he? Why should he give Cas this bit of him when he’s part of the reason that Dean lost
“Well then…” Dean forced a smile, slipping his shirt back over his head with difficulty, “We better plan something quick then.” It was time to don his mask again, to play his part for Sam’s sake and his.
Age doesn’t play too much into the hierarchy of the tribe back home. Elders are respected, sure, but
faster than the rest of them. But they’re all delicious. Most of them, Dean has never seen before. Luckily, though, most of the others have. They might not know them all, but they’ve seen some of them. Everyone from the sea tribe knew a lot of them. Apparently a lot of different gourds grow really well by the sea.
Naomi hesitates before stepping out onto the landing pad. She turns to face him, her lips pressed into a thin line.
Dean finds it very suspicious that Dick is so quiet. He’s sitting alone between two tents, watching everyone while working on cleaning and putting together new tools. When he catches Dean’s eye, Dick’s nose wrinkles before he smiles. It’s too wide and toothy for Dean’s liking, and it only makes him more suspicious. The skin on his arms pebbles and the hair on the back of his neck stands on end. He doesn’t like the feeling and turns away.
Before he sends it to Naomi, he makes sure to read it over carefully. A word or two needs to be tweaked here or there, but it is otherwise as good as it is going to get. Still, Castiel hesitates before sending it off to Naomi. A heavy weight rests in his stomach and he stares blankly at his desk once he has sent it.
“Ow!” Castiel rubs the new piercing, still red and raw. He glares, blue eyes narrowing dangerously at Dean and his stupid smile.
The only time that Naomi has been even vaguely disappointed with him is when she learned that his thesis relies slightly on psychology. She considered it odd, but is otherwise always very enthusiastic about everything else that he does. Except for this. Apparently she draws a hard line at speaking with the specimens, and Castiel is sure he can hazard a guess as to why.
“None of your business.” Dean grumbles, but he doesn’t fights back. Castiel sighs, he had thought Dean would never talk to him like that again. Sure they always had some disagreements, but in the end they always found their way back to each other.
, trying his best to remember their names, genus, and so on. It was certainly more interesting than talking with the rest of the group – of which there are only twelve Aetherians who were born in the same sol cycle as him.
“That could be true. Fath… I mean Chuck did get all those creatures back out of hell and purgatory. Maybe they thought it would be very wise to work together. Even though, of course, it also brings more attention.” Castiel explains slowly and Sam nods before he gets up and puts his dirty mug into the sink. Dean frowns and then starts to clean Sam’s mug as well, Castiel at least looks sheepish when he holds out his mug as well.
Dean groans and drops his head back against the wall. “Guess I’m gonna be hungry for a while, then.”
time between when Dean arrived, and when Dick and Donatello were brought in. May wasn’t much bigger than Jo is now, so it’s been
It’s probably going to take the new girl a while to calm down enough to talk. Dean doesn’t really feel like just sitting around and waiting. Frank went back into his tent, and it’s about time they get back to work. The new girl will talk when she’s ready, but that doesn’t mean the rest of them need to stay idle while she gets settled.
Mother’s wings are built for speed. She pulls ahead of him quickly, the strength of a full grown Aetherian going into each beat of her four wings. Castiel does his best to keep up with her, and he is just beginning to feel the effects of straining himself by the time they spiral down into the entry column of the zoological building. They land heavily at the base and take off running. He has no idea where they would go first and differs to follow his mother, rushing after her to the lift that will take them up to the observation bridge.
always bring him something to eat around general mealtimes, but it’s not something that he grew or caught on his own, so he tends not to eat it. Luckily, Dean comes here enough to be prepared for that. The pouch he wears at his hip is full of dried berries. They’re good for a snack, so he’ll have to ration them out for the day.
“Good,” Sam nodded, “We need to ward this place. Dean needs to rest, and we need time.” Adahy didn’t have to be asked twice before he withdrew a small knife from his boot and got to carving sigils into the wood of the house.
“You mean they cursed the town? What would they get out of it?” Sam says, but he opens the drawers in the room anyway, to check for a hex bag or something. Dean shrugs, but to be honest, he doesn’t really care either.
Castiel walks around the bar, trying to see if there is a backdoor, but he only finds a tiny garden. Nobody seems to be here and Castiel is already on his way back to the front when he sees something right in the alley back to the front in some bushes.
Dean will have to suffer through two moons of that before he can go down to the ground again. And when he does, his parents will make him put to the test everything they taught him. He’ll be asked about the information they shared, and point out plants they described, and which are good and which are bad. It’s a lot for only six winters, but Dean works hard to remember it all.
draws Castiel’s attention to two more students approaching them. He recognizes the touch and looks over to find Anna, a red-headed and auburn-winged female, and a younger male. Their age group is anyone within a five-sol cycle period, and Samandriel is the youngest amongst them.
Dean groaned as Cas proceeded to work his way closer to his inner thigh and the weight rested against his stomach.  The angel wavered, eyes flicking up to meet Dean’s with a questioning tilt of his head. Dean didn’t speak, simply breathing heavily and watching. He was half tempted to tell Cas to quite the teasing but he didn’t have to. Without looking away, Cas slid a hand around the base of Dean’s cock, shifting to a better angle. Dean bit his lip, his hands gripping the sheets as Cas lowered his mouth to the head of Dean’s dick, kissing it softly before taking him into his mouth in one smooth motion. The sudden onslaught of heat and wetness had Dean’s thighs twitching to wrap around Cas and keep him there. He hissed, forcing himself to keep watching and not fall back onto the pillow.
“Just finishing breakfast.” Dean mutters and hastily stuffs more bacon in his mouth, so he wouldn’t need to talk. Sam holds up a mug with coffee and Castiel takes it happily. While the angel doesn’t eat he somehow developed a strange need for some coffee.
The landing pad at the bottom is made of the same spongy material as the platform outside their home. It absorbs the impact of their landing. One of Mother’s coworkers, also dressed in the same crisp white pants and shirt, is waiting. He hands her a data chip the moment she approaches, and she plugs that into her PADD.
He glances around the camp, satisfied that no one is trying to bother him right now. Victor is taking a nap, stretched out at the edge of the pool, and Frank is watching everything from the safety of his tent. Ellen is sitting with Jo in her lap, attempting to measure cloth against her to sew a new tunic out of something Rowena wove. The loom clacks every so often as Rowena uses it to weave something fancier than anyone in Dean’s tribe has ever made. It looks like it might be more clothing, and every so often she stops to sew a bead or quill into the pattern.
” The angel clenches his fist around Cas’s coat but forces himself to relax and pat down the fabric. He concentrates far too hard on the spot and not at Castiel. The angel swallows hard then meets the hunter’s eyes once more. “
means he will need to get used to seeing them talk and eat. With that firmly fixed in mind, Castiel takes control of one of the cameras and focuses it on 1-M-7’s face to observe him specifically. His face is red, covered in tears, and filled with emotions.
The woman looks at Dean, and her face is stern, but still kind. She puts a hand to her chest and nods lightly at him. “Lily.” She waits until Dean acknowledges it with a tilt of his head, and then she gestures at the girl. “May, come here.”
And what about the sun? Dean has been tracking it. He just barely remembers how it would move across the sky when he watched it from the river bank. The sun always came from more or less the same direction, depending on the season. Here, it’s… different. It took him a while to figure out which direction was North, but once he did, he realized the sun was just not in the right position. It still moves East to West, but it’s too far to one side of the sky.
The man looks around too, and the last place he looks is at the pile of furs. He stares at it for a really long time, and Dean takes slow, shallow breaths to try not to move too much. But still the man smiles gently. “Hi.”
Standing in The Alone Room, Dean is taller than the child. He drops to his knees and ducks his head so they’re eye to eye. “No. It’s
His stomach gives an aching gurgle and Dean closes his eyes, trying not to think about it. He rolls onto his side, and then onto his stomach. It brings him a lot closer to the pond of water that takes up a front corner of the room. Dean groans and shuffles around until he can crawl the rest of the way. The water is clear and the surface shimmers in the sun.
Cas’s face fell, no longer attempting to hide the grief and the pain. His shoulders sagged and what sounded like a sob escaped his lips.  It was a heartbreaking sight and Dean wanted nothing more than to wrap his friend in his arms. “Cas… it’s okay… whatever happens… know that it’s okay.”
“Why the hell did we wear pants?” Dean finally panted as liquid beaded on his brow, threatening to spill into his eyes. He dragged a tired hand over it, wiping the drops away just for them to be immediately replaced.
! It’s been several days since he was brought back from The Alone Room after his escape attempt. He all but completely forgot about the not-promise that the
He finished shuffling through the first house on the second row, throwing open remnants of drawers and closets. Still no luck. He rushed to the next, and the next, and the next.
“Maybe…” The older Winchester drummed his fingers on the board, deep in thought until he heard the click of the door knob.
Dean stumbles around that man, only to face off against a group of waiting people. There are another four men standing grouped together, and two women with young children in their arms. The man behind him puts a hand on his shoulder and Dean slaps it away with a shout, lurching away to try and put some distance between him and everyone else.
Something must show on Dean’s face because the cecilia's expression changes. His curiosity melts into sadness. He meets Dean’s eyes for only a second more before dropping down. He lets go of Dean, drawing his arms back around himself in a hug. Dean darts out of the small cave as soon as he’s released, kicking up a small trail of sand. He only stops once he’s a safe distance away from the cecaelia. Dean stares at the cecaelia as he lays, once again, in a bundle on the floor, all aggression gone.
hard to ignore the sad little gurgle deep in his belly. It’s so empty, and the water did nothing to fill him.
Rowena speaks an unknown spell and Sam doesn’t even flinch anymore when she does it. Somehow they really came to the point to trust her. He watches her closely as her hands start to glow and hopes she doesn’t see how he looks at her.
“Okay, okay,” Sam muttered as he helped lower Dean to the ground, “Here, lie down.” He grabbed Dean’s discarded jacket and balled it up as a makeshift pillow, placing it under Dean’s head. “Okay,” he repeated.
Castiel sighs as he feels his pulse return to its natural pace and the pain and darkness fade from him. For a second Dean’s grace stays, enveloping him like a blanket of sunlight. It’s one last assurance before it’s ripped away, the cold of the room washing away his remaining awe. Cas gasps, staring wildly as he gulps in deep breaths of air.
He kept running and running, determination moving him forward when he finally heard the return of howls. He was almost there, just one alley more. He forced his legs to move faster, blood pounding and muscles burning.
pool yet, but all he’s been able to find so far is that there’s a slit in the very bottom. His hands are smaller than the grown-ups by
Something hit the back of his legs with a bone-rattling force, sending him to the ground and knocking the wind from his lungs. Stars blossomed in his vision on impact, and through the swimming scenery, he saw a figure loom over him.
The rebellious spirit within Dean refuses. Sam would fight the poison and he would win, but it’s only a fleeting hope. He should turn back, spend as much time with his brother as he can.
True to point, only four minutes fifty-one seconds pass before 1-M-7 knocks on the glass again. “Hey.” He knocks again, harder. “
(ugh, he hates that name). She always gets taken too, or Lily does if she gets mad enough at Dean for retaliating against May when she gets frustrated and rough with him. May and Lily
“Poppy seeds.” Castiel murmurs and Dean rolls his eyes, before walking inside. Poppy seeds. How fascinating, they have other problems right now, but of course Cas and his brother get distracted with things like this.
“Dean. Almost everyone in that tiny town has been asleep for over 3 days now.” Sam says and this time Dean has to admit that this does sound like something they should look at. That doesn’t mean that he likes it at all.
Castiel’s body. Their torsos weren’t that different, comparatively, other than a spattering of scales and a weird ridge that ran against the lower portion of Castiel’s ribcage covered by another line of scales. If Dean had to take a guess, he’d say Castiel wouldn’t be that much shorter than him if he had people legs based on the build of his torso.
“It is a requirement.” Cas is starting to sound a little frustrating. “You will not be returned to the enclosure until you have received your vaccination.” He pauses, and that frustration passes. “If you resist now, I am afraid that we will need to make you sleep prior to administering the inoculation.”
Sweat beaded on his forehead, clinging to the canopy of his sun-bleached brows. Dean shifted in the jumble of blankets, kicking them off to the foot of the bed. The bed groaned protests every time he turned or wiggled. He’d stripped down to his boxers in his sleep, t-shirt cast over the side of the bed to the blue and orange rub below.
Dean could barely see her from here, her tail dangling over the stair railing. But he could hear the door open and the loud screech that followed it. Impala’s wings spread again as she jumped off the balcony and flew down towards her rider. Dean confusion turned to alarm as he realized that the wyvern had a man struggling in her claws.
The ball shifts slightly, loosening enough that Dean catches a blue eye staring at him. That’s when Dean notices the tentacles. Previously the same green as the wall, now they shift to a darker blue. Dean gasps as the long arms lower to reveal the rest of the dark hair, pale torso and both of the stunning blue eyes.
Dean actually feels a little bad for her. May has absolutely no idea what it’s like to live on the outside. She always just stares at him blankly whenever he tries to explain how much
“And when will we know if he won?” Sam’s tired question the voice of reason, “If we wait, we risk losing time we can’t afford.”
never said anything about it. Maybe he was saving it as a surprise for when he could take Dean with him on his travels? It definitely would have been a shock on the first trip to visit the plains tribe, or even for his first trip to the annual
“Wake him up!” Adahy yelled as the sound of movement and snarls reached their ears. He scratched faster at the wood, rushing to finish the rest of the warding.
Sam releases him and glances down at his arm, covered in a kelp wrap where the bite wound lay underneath.
“Sam!” he calls out, checking all of their favorite spots and hideaways, the coral cave, the shallows, the sponge beds. He looks everywhere until he finally sees him.
here that blows the air around, but it’s not a real wind. It’s wrong, just like everything else about this place, and he’s getting
Why was he so stupid? How could he miss that it was a wendigo he was hunting and not a werewolf. Stupid witness and stupid vampire that led him right into this mess. Now he is left with no choice.
“Don’t forget Rowena. She’s from that tribe too.” Bill nods towards the tent behind Dick. Dean looks over as the woman with red hair crawls out.
Cas pursed his lips, forming a thin line, “Now… I think they saw my light… She’s returning here as we speak.”
He rocks his head side to side and then back and forward. As he leans back, Dean looks up at the clear bridge. There’s only a handful of
“Dean the djinn got you. Sam and I got worried when you didn’t answer your phone and weren’t back at 2am, so we actually went to the bar and found your body outside, already sleeping.” Castiel explains and Dean’s eyes widen a bit.
The dynamics of the specimens and their relationships is most intriguing. If Castiel were not so focused on 1-M-7 and his integrating into the tribe, perhaps he would be more interested in studying how the rest of them get along. So far, he has not looked too much into their histories. Most of what he knows of them is what he has observed during his days overlooking the enclosure and monitoring 1-M-7.
“So are we ready to leave?” Castiel asks and looks up, Dean gets lost in his eyes, just like it has happened so many times before. Sam snickers louder and Dean looks on his plate again. He hopes he can will down his blush and ignores his brother again.
Castiel purses his lips and takes a deep breath through his nose. That causes Dean’s smile to falter.
The Beta Sector enclosure is built fairly similar to the Alpha Sector. A waterfall and pool of water are at the far end, but the thicket of trees in the Beta Sector enclosure is much smaller. It is located on the far side from the Alpha Sector enclosure. The vast majority of the rest of the space consists of high grass from the plains. It sways in an artificial breeze, rustling quietly. From where Castiel is standing, he can see the Beta Sector camp is also on lockdown like the Alpha Sector camp. Aetherians are starting to activate and release lanterns to light this enclosure as well.
Grown-ups are already sprinting away from the river. They’ve dropped everything and have scooped up the nearest children, carrying them towards the treeline where they’ll be the safest. Dean and Sam are too far from the path from the village to the river, worn down by years of the tribe walking back and forth. They’re almost at a halfway point between the trees and the river, but still too far from everything to be considered safe.
Dean just barely manages to keep himself from snorting. What’s there for him to contribute? Everything is given to them. There’s nothing hard about
Dean doesn’t really wants to hit up a bar by now and he isn’t sure why he was thinking that it would be a good idea anyway. Heck, he hadn’t gotten laid in months and while he was not really happy about that either, he didn’t get out anymore to find a woman for the night.
It speaks some of the words slower than the others, and one of them Dean doesn’t recognize at all, but the rest he does. Study. That’s what Frank has been saying since Dean got here. He says the
“Y’know, I’ve never done this before.” Rufus hums and wipes some sweat gathering on his forehead. “There aren’t a whole lot of forests where we come from. If we ever wanted more than wheat and meat, we had to travel far to find it.”
Dean presses closer to Ellen, but he tries really hard to remember the path they take. It’s hard to draw a map in his head because he’s never done it before, but he tries. He tries
Dean is hunched over at the edge of the firepit, picking at one of the fish that he caught and cooked from himself for breakfast. Another is threaded onto a stick and cooking nicely over the coals. He pulls the fish apart with his fingers and sucks on the pieces until they fall apart in his mouth. His other fish isn’t in danger of burning, but he continues to check on it and rotate the stick every so often, all while watching as Bill kneels over a deep clay bowl.
be able to swallow down something from the monsters that stole him from his family. Not now that he knows what to look for.
“W-where are you?” Sam’s mind was in shock. He’ been so certain Dean was dead, had accepted it and prepared to live his life with the memory and the guilt. This couldn’t be real.
“Good morning, Dean.” Castiel says and he smiles at Dean. This is a sight Dean would love to wake up to every morning, but he luckily doesn’t say that out loud. Now he is kinda glad that he doesn’t take any painkillers that would make his mind loopy.
The ravaged church still swirled in a vortex around them, bits of wood and books circling the eye of the storm, like planets around a star. Sam had to stop him. Stop the angel from whatever he was doing. Cas was
Dean stared as the feathers caressed his arm and torso, the drag of them sending sparks down his skin. Dean raised a hand, ghosting over them. “Can I touch them?” Dean asked in a whisper.
can’t swim. Probably. No one has ever seen them in the water. Have they ever even landed before? All the paintings and drawings Dean has seen of them have been in the air.
Somewhere off to his right, a child laughs. It’s followed with a string of babble peppered with actual words. Dean looks over to see the little girl around Sammy’s age standing at the flap of a tent. Only half her hair has been braided, and she has a small doll hanging from her hand.
. She is very unhappy with him, but she will not say or do anything in front of her coworkers. He can expect a stern talking to and potentially severe consequences when they return to their home.
Dean stood, watching as the scene unfolded. A chill shook him, he could feel the angel’s rage and was merely glad he was not the source of it.
Dean screamed as a claw sliced through his leg, cutting all the way through like a fish on a hook. He struggled as he was dragged across the tile, reeled in closer to his fate.
Aside from Victor, Rufus, Bill, and Ellen, everyone else is trying to act like they’re not focused on the new girl. But, just like Dean, they’re all watching. Everyone is waiting for her to say something. Since she’s so young, it’s unlikely that she’ll have any news about the other tribes. It’s possible she might have heard something from those who attend the annual
. The clouds start to clear and he curls his fingers into his palm, toes flexing. There was screaming and crying.
“Richard and Donatello are from the tribe by the sea.” Ellen speaks softly, like she knows what he’s thinking. Dean sniffles and lifts his head, welcoming the distraction as she points out Dick and the older man with the way gray hair where he’s taken a seat next to him. “And Lily was from there too, but May was born here. Just like Jo.”
as it watches him from the other side of the see-through wall. His stomach gives a weak, sad gurgle and a tingle buzzes at the back of his throat. Dean doesn’t know what that feeling is, but he only gets it when he’s really hungry. Too bad he doesn’t have any of the supplies that he brought with him for his escape. The
come through the door, and Dean is too far from the trees to run and hide. He doesn’t know what to do, and doesn’t move. All the other grownups stop what they’re doing, and Bill stands up. They just had a supply drop a few days ago, and the
He averts his gaze, instead burning it into the tree in front of him. “I called you here for a reason, you know.”
Castiel has documented two occasions where 1-M-7 attempted to climb the ivy on the walls. The ivy was planted at the bottom of the wall and encouraged to grow upwards, then drape downwards again on the opposite side. As such, without anchoring at the top, the vines were unable to support 1-M-7’s weight on both occasions that he attempted to use them. He did not climb very far before they gave out. Luckily, no injuries were sustained.
Cas frowned as Dean grumbled, “I would fly you there if I could but, I can at least help you traverse the area.”
All the way back to the motel, where Castiel sits on the backseat, it’s too quiet. Dean’s head is in his lap and Castiel tries not to mourn Dean, while he is still alive. But it’s hard when Dean’s face is so pale and his beautiful eyes don’t open anymore.
It was peaceful. Dean let himself float along as he basked in the the blissfulness of the atmosphere. Each note danced in the air, seamlessly blending into harmony and bouncing from stone to stone. Dean wanted to join them, flying and laughing and joyful, but his feet would not leave the ground. Disappointed, he continued to walk. He made his way through the pews, the empty seats buffed and polished, with no sign of use. Dean wandered through the rest of the chapel, exploring the naive and the east and west aisles. He found the rest of the church empty, he was alone with all but the stone sculptures.
He tasted blood in his mouth, the life of him bubbling in his throat. With a spiteful grimace he snarled at her and spit the bloody saliva in her face. She chuckled and leisurely wiped the red from her face, “Oh I don’t mind. The messier the better.”
Finally, Cas nodded and they all headed inside. Sam made a beeline for his room and then spent more time unpacking than was strictly necessary. He doubted they were going to actually have a full-on heart to heart or anything. Dean was probably going to be recovering from that little speech for days. But a brother could hope. After all, that’s what he’d been doing for about a decade now, anyway.
Dean could refuse to be romantic all he wanted but the truth was that this was the intimacy he craved but had never been able to achieve. It’d been a far off dream, a wish that would never come to be. But it had, somehow.
He had to go back, even if it was suicide. Dean couldn’t just live with the knowledge something like Castiel was out there and not- Well, he didn’t know what he was going to do about it exactly, but his father had always accused him of doing shit without thinking it through. Why change now?
“It’s okay Sam,” Cas reached out and placed a hand on Sam’s arm, “I understand.” Sam felt a rush of grace warm his veins. It spread quickly, sewing the skin of his arm and easing the pain in his shoulder. He relaxed, pain evaporating from his body.
decides it’s time to deliver supplies, there are as many marks on the wall at Dean’s camp as he has fingers and toes. The only door into this nightmare place opens unexpectedly with a little hiss, still mostly hidden by the ivy covering most of the walls. At that time, Dean is crouched at the edge of the pool closest to the waterfall, catching water in a bowl and drinking from it.
. Their horns and bones make excellent tools, their hides can be cured into useful leathers, and their meat is tender and delicious.
Once they get the new girl settled down on one of the logs by the fire, Ellen drapes a blanket around her shoulders and Bill prepares her a bowl of the stew simmering over the fire. It’s probably still missing a few things from it, but it’s still good. They were in the middle of preparing more vegetables to throw in when the door opened and interrupted everyone’s whole day. Trays of half chopped veggies are still off to the side.
“So people there are a bit lazy, why would that be our problem?” Dean says and he turns the bacon in the pan, he loves the sound it makes. Sam behind him huffs and Dean is almost a hundred percent sure, he just rolled his eyes at him. Whatever.
“Well, people fell asleep everywhere. Most of them are at home with their loved ones… but we do have some in the hospital.” Stark says and Sam is already turning around, probably heading for the hospital. Sam is always so eager to do some research. Dean rolls his eyes and then follows him.
Sam knew that look on his brother’s face. He’d seen it after the lake house and every day after that right up until they finally got Cas back. He wondered if Cas had any idea how destroyed Dean had been the last time he’d died. Wondered if it would make any difference to tell him or would just make things worse.
Castiel taps at his PADD a few times, using the access Naomi has granted him to check the scheduling for the Alpha Sector enclosure. Sure enough, maintenance has a note to sedate the tribe overnight for
“How!?” Dean nearly screamed as he jumped at the shadows that seemed to be crawling towards him, their hands stretching out to him.
Dean didn’t know what to do. There was so much he felt, so much gratification and disbelief, but he had felt it, he had felt Cas’s love and there was no doubting that it was there or how strong it was. He wanted to thank him for his love, his kindness, his forgiveness, his everything. So many things but too little words.
This elicits another drawn out groan and another thump against the glass. “Guess y’guys didn’t stop me this time ‘coz you knew I wouldn’t be able to dig my way out, huh?”
Though he does not feel like the punishment fits the crime. Aside from one conversation with Dean regarding their names, all Castiel has done has been to help him.
“Yours and- “Dean clamped his mouth shut. There were more of this thing? As if the idea of one of them wasn’t terrifying enough. The crawling panic gnawing at the back of his spine grew fourfold, and the realization that he could very well die out here resurfaced.
“And Jody wouldn’t have it any other way,” Dean smirked fondly. Jody had been like an aunt to him growing up, and it had taken them all by surprise when she’d fallen head over heels for the bubbly woman that had uprooted herself after a messy divorce. Jody had needed Donna’s boundless optimism to help her nurse the ever-open wound of losing her husband and son to a car accident nearly eight years past.
“Who said I wasn’t? The demon who traded with me for his own gain? Humans who follow rules only they benefit from? Angels and demons, they treat you all the same. The more souls, the more power they have. Souls are just celestial currency. Your angel knew this when he betrayed you didn’t he?” Dean didn’t take the bait, continuing to watch her delayed magic. “Higher powers use them, so why can’t I do the same?”
As he leaves the small camp, intent on rejoining his mother, something catches his eye. The vines of ivy covering the wall are disturbed in one place. He steps up to the wall and brushes the vines aside gently, parting them in the same way they appear to have been done several times before. Castiel is not expecting to find clusters of lines scraped into the wall under the vines, and he drags a nail through one of the indentations.
The nightmares put all kinds of worries into his head, and sometimes it’s really hard for Dean to stop thinking about it. But the worst nightmares are the ones where no one misses him; the ones where no one cares that he’s gone, and his parents just replaced him with another child.
After a while, Dean feels himself slow once more, having a hard time keeping up with the mantas around him, forcing him to swim in bursts to stay fin to fin with Castiel. The manta eyes him worriedly but says nothing until Dean accidentally bumps into one of the adjacent mantas.
Why is 1-M-5 doing this? He should have allowed 1-M-7 to adjust to his new surroundings. Eventually, he would most likely have sought the care and comfort of others.
. Anna herself said that it would be illogical to lie. Should he believe her then? Castiel has barely admitted to himself that he is a Sapien Sympathizer. He agrees with what little information he has dared to look up on them and their cause, but he has gone no further for fear that Naomi might catch him. It is impossible to predict how she would react, but Castiel is reasonably certain that she would never allow him to become a Zoologist if she knew that he was a Sympathizer.
“And we saved the day! Drinks for everyone.” Rowena says loudly and claps her hands. Sam follows her to the little fridge, while Dean still looks at Castiel. Finally Castiel seems to register that and looks back.
The fire is surrounded by logs draped in furs, dividing the fire from the ring of tents. Dean is unceremoniously dumped on one of them. He tries to get up right away, but a heavy hand lands on his shoulder and forces him back down again. When he looks up, it’s to find
The problem is that Dean is just growing too fast for anything she makes that is meant for more long term use. Usually it’s things in the style of the people from Rowena’s tribe, which are pretty comfortable, but she’s made him at least three different loincloths over the last several moons.
“Gabriel… how did you…” Castiel actually stutters and Sam puts his hand on Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel collapses on the other chair.
Victor nods, though he doesn’t look up from the wood in his hands. A flint knife shaves away strips that gather in a pile between his feet. “I saw it happen. The bastard didn’t even flinch.” His lips draw together in a thin line. “You might as well have been an insect to them, for all the good fighting does.”
“It was just…” Dean starts but he doesn’t know how he could end the sentence. He is embarrassed, because of course Castiel never wanted him like that, but then Castiel takes Dean’s hand in his, interlacing their fingers and Dean looks back to Castiel’s eyes and somehow then to his lips.
here when Dean is here. This is different, and different things in this place probably doesn’t mean anything good. Something isn’t right, and Dean has a queasy feeling starting to fill the bottom of his stomach.
Dean froze, slowly opening his eyes to see himself staring back at him. A mirror had appeared below him, unexpectedly, but Dean didn’t bother to try and understand dream logic. The marble floor was still solid under his hands but the mirror remained. He stared, transfixed as the reflection shifted. He did not move. The image tilted its head, staring at him with his own green eyes.
Anna scoffs, quietly, to herself at Castiel’s admission and his desires. Balthazar, however, actually laughs deep in his throat. Even Castiel looks at him in surprise, his eyebrows raised. Aetherians do not
To Dean’s surprise, a small smirking half-grin tugged at Castiel’s lips. “I am…at the larger end of average.” The Naga took his latest orange and tilted it towards his face, powerful hand crushing the rind in his grip to squeeze a rivulet of juice down onto his waiting tongue.
“Well nice to meet you Castiel. I don’t want to waste your time, so I’ll get to the point… the Queen is dying, we’ve tried everything but nothing helped. You’re our last option.”
“Yeah, I mean you just come here and tell me this is all a dream.” Dean tries to explain, but he fails miserably. Fake-Castiel sits a bit straighter at that and he actually glares at him.
Castiel is not the only one to have documented this, yet he appears to be the only one who is worried. Through his own observation and others, Castiel knows that 1-M-7 has one, possibly two small meals a day, and they are not always had with the tribe. Most of the time, he seems to avoid sharing company with the rest of the tribe, which is odd. And he certainly has not given up on his exploration efforts as he has combed through every centimeter of the enclosure from one end to the other.
Ellen eventually settles on looking at the furs. One of her eyebrows raises slightly before she pulls back, the ivy falling back into place. She’s speaking loud enough just on the other side of it that Dean can still hear her. “It doesn’t look like anyone is here.”
“Yes, he did.” Cas nods and then gestures at Big. “We will now need to check your teeth. Please open your mouth.”
May has a wide, flat piece of wood held in her hand. She arranges herself until the fingers of her right hand can move over the strings along the long piece. With the wood, she starts tapping and plucking at the strings. It makes a plinking, trembling sound, and it’s nothing like Dean has ever heard before. He sits up straighter, watching as Lily starts playing her instrument too.
are going to be coming through the doors any time soon. Does that mean a new person is hiding out in the room on the other side of that wall?
He doesn’t get very far around the camp before Dick steps out in front of him from between the tents, blocking his way. Dean doesn’t even bother looking up at him and just moves to the side to go around him. Once again, Dick takes another step over to keep him from going any further. His arms are crossed over his chest and he’s staring down his nose at Dean.
. He gasped and arched up at the sudden agony tearing at every atom of his being. He was being ripped apart, piece by agonizing piece. Is this what was waiting for him in eternity?
He watches, with interest, as 1-M-7 pulls the basket to the base of a few trees. Surprisingly, 1-M-7 opens it and begins to spread what appears to be dirt among the roots. Once the basket is light enough, he carries it with him to other trees until it is empty. Castiel’s ear-wings are perked up and forwards as he pans the camera around some more. He has particular focus on the bases of all the trees. Though he may not be certain, it does appear to be fresh dirt spread around all the trees surrounding the camp.
Without a word, Dean turns on his heel to head in a different direction. He doesn’t want to start something, because then one of the other grown-ups will intervene and it’ll become a whole
Curiosity far outweighs any fear he has right now, and Dean jogs to catch up with the rest of the grown-ups. He falls into step between Victor and Rufus. “Is it a new person?”
The hours flew by and still Cas did not move, letting his human sleep in his arms. He memorized Dean’s heartbeat, the rise and fall of his chest... Castiel would cherish this moment forever. Time continued to move around them and he smiled. When the sun finally rose, Cas was happy to face a new day and to see what new wonders life would bring.
Between the Poughkeepsie and the island, something moved in the water. At first glimpse, Dean thought it was nothing more than a school of fish close to the surface, but it moved too fluid. It was too long. Flashes of paler, glittering blue caught the light, and for a delirious moment, Dean was sure he was looking at a massive eel or snake in the water. The glimpse of scales was gone as quick as it came.
brings in a massive woven bag, and the other carries a heavy clay jar that has to be as big as May, if not as big as Dean. They put both down a little ways in from the door, and turn to leave without saying or doing anything else. The door slides shut behind them again, and Dean almost steps out from his hiding place to go investigate. It’s possible that they might come back, and what would he do then? This is the first time they’ve brought supplies while he’s here, and he doesn’t know what to expect. Better to stay back and observe for this first one.
Several tents built with woven fabrics and wood are clustered around a stone fire pit off to one side, close to the water’s edge. It is so
Silence. He holds his breath, staring up at the mangled brush he’d just crashed through. Just as he thought, the wendigo rounds the corner and stops in confusion, sniffing the ground. It won’t be long till it rediscovers him. He’ll have to make this quick.
situates itself in Castiel’s stomach. Regardless of whether or not he is a specimen, 1-M-7 is first and foremost a
The engine kicked to life, and the Poughkeepsie swung about, narrowly missing tearing up her port side against an outcrop of jagged rocks reaching out for her weathered hull like claws.
“Not sure. I have a weird feeling, I guess.” Dean admits and Fake-Castiel looks at him. His blue eyes have lost every fight and Dean swallows dryly.
He hides among the trees again, crouching between roots to catch his breath. This time, he didn’t go far in. Whatever they’re up to, he wants to keep an eye on them, but he can’t do that from the safety of his private camp. When he can breathe easily again, Dean gets up and peeks around the tree to watch everything that happens.
That thought alone is enough to make him cringe, and he shuffles to sit closer to Rowena. It’s more for her comfort than it is his, after all.
His shoulders are starting to get really warm in the direct sunlight. Dean realizes too late that he probably should have brought a tunic with him. He’s going to get more freckles by walking around with such bare skin in the sun. It’s not fair that he already has more freckles than both his parents combined, and Sam has
A growl drew Sam’s attention. A rustle and the cutting of a silhouette through the slots of the wall made his eyes go wide. Shit. His eyes tracked the shadow as it sped silently around to the other side of the building. It stopped, crouching down to sniff at the ground. Sam could see clawed hands and pointed ears in the dim light, and hear it’s rugged breath as it sniffed loudly. Sam easily recognized the creature. Wendigo.
May has been using Dean’s name almost nonstop since Ellen told them what it was. She’s been a smug little jerk about it too. All she’s wanted from him, besides pestering him to play with her all the time, has been to give her his name. Luckily, she hasn’t said anything that would make him want to fight with her. Mostly, Dean has been trying to ignore her. She tends to lose interest pretty quickly if he doesn’t engage, but she still uses his name the whole time.
Mother admonishes him as he drifts in thought around the edge of the building next to theirs. It lengthens the trip to the biology division of the research sector, but it is hard to resist the urge to weave between the towers.
, and Castiel is very much looking forward to seeing how 1-M-7 will further push the boundaries of what they know about collected
Dean contemplated the idea briefly every now and again. It had been teased over the years, used to mock what he and Cas had, but could it really be the truth? Cas had said it himself , he had given everything for Dean — his wings, his life, his reputation, his image, and his grace. All of it, Dean realized, Cas had sacrificed at one point or another. He’d also sacrificed for Sam, yes… but there was always something different about the way Cas looked at him, the way he could stare into his soul and see into his mind. They didn’t need a telepathic connection to communicate then — they just understood. Had Cas known, he wondered, even then.
child is still standing where it was last. Dean can feel its eyes on him. Has it been waiting this whole time for him? Weird. It’s strange that the child is so… What did it say before? That it was
“I should’ve known from the start, that it was too good to be true. I don’t deserve happiness like this.” Dean whispers and he lets the empty bottle fall to the ground, before he leans back and looks at the sky again.
That… is not something Dean had considered before. He never stopped to think of how things ended up as they are here. This isn’t a natural place. Someone
“How dare you,” Dean sat up suddenly, making him wince. Sam kept his ground, pursing his lips and meeting Dean’s gaze, “I’m thinking logically Dean, I want Cas to come back — I do, but… what if you’re not enough this time?”
As proof of that, 1-M-7 knocks against the window again. “You guys knew that I was trying to escape again, didn’t you?”
The man’s eyes swept over the Poughkeepsie with a critical eye, a small smirk tugging at his thin lips. “Don’t mean to interrupt your morning, just doing a check around…Usual stuff.” He paused, peering a little closer at the stem of the ship. “Got a bit of a ding here.” His slimy grin broadened.
Castiel acknowledges his mother’s command, but he does not move. His eyes are fixed on the trail leading into the grass. He can see where it continues to part further ahead. 1-M-7 is still moving towards the trees. Unfortunately for him, he is essentially trapped. A part of Castiel does feel bad for him. After this, 1-M-7 will likely be spending a few (if not several) days in the calming room. He will be isolated at least long enough for the trees of the Alpha Sector enclosure to be pruned, and a method of ensuring this never happens again is determined.
He barely even has the time to picture it in his head before its grasping hands are closing around his back and yanking him away from the wall. The knife stays stuck between some of the rocks, and Dean loses sight of it quickly behind all the water. It’s the last thing he cares about right now, because now he’s dangling in the middle of the air underneath the smooth silver thing that stole him from his family. Its pincer hands are wrapped around his shoulders and digging into his armpits, and that’s the only thing keeping him from falling down, down,
give them everything. Would they give him mushrooms and onions, or would he find those growing somewhere in the fake-forest or pristine field? Maybe the field is more like the plains that Victor and Rufus are from? Dean is used to smaller clearings with logs, or boulders. It’s always full of other things. It’s never
Castiel closes his eyes briefly against the sun, welcoming what little warmth it gives through the quartz glass. The sudden silence as the sonics in the refresher cuts off brings him back to reality. He shakes himself out and turns, bypassing the kitchen to head down the hall to his roost. The door opens in the same iris fashion of the window as he approaches, and slips shut behind him as the lights come on automatically.
The three looked at each other. With a nod, they opened the bags and dug inside until they found what they were looking for: two angel blades, and two guns.
He’s definitely got a point there. Everyone in the tribe has had their tests done by this time of the season, and the
. If he ever gets caught for doing it, he could probably get into a lot of trouble, or so he’s hinted at every time Dean tries to get him to talk.
Dean hated everything about this. It all felt wrong and twisted. The feeling of being watched was still blaring in the back of his mind, and “Cas” wasn’t sounding like Cas. Dean already knew, he was in deep shit.
she shrieked in anguish, “You’ve done the same! You’ve taken souls! You’ve killed far more than I have angel!” Castiel’s growl grew louder, fangs lengthening.
, but he does learn a lot during this time. He learns about plants and animals, the weather, the water, and, most importantly, all about the people.
1-M-7 is smaller than him, though not by much. Castiel has been alive for ten sol cycles and he will be taller than his mother when he is fully grown. Aetherians are roughly the same size as
Castiel tries hard not to think about that. If his thoughts turn to it, all he can do is wonder if Aetherians are doing the right thing in collecting members of what is clearly a developing civilization. But the Aetherian creed is not about what is
“Aw so you couldn’t tame him, how sad,” she began to raise her gnarled hand, fingers faintly crackling with purple sparks.
“Dean, this is just a dream, I have no idea what Morpheus told you, but you have to wake up, before he kills you.” Castiel says and there is another sound behind them. Castiel feels more nervous with each second, he feels like he can’t control this situation at all.
Finally it all came back to him in a rush, he’d broken a barrier and now the flood of memories poured in anew. He remembered the house and the pain, the small comfort that had lulled him to sleep. “This is a dream…” he breathed, “a memory.”
“You were…the thing that was singing to me last week. Weren’t you?” Dean tried to get to his feet, but a sharp hiss had him plopping right down to his backside on the hard ground. "Got it, staying put. See?” He held his palms out, trying to look as non-threatening as he possibly could.
“I had such a nightmare that I will never sleep again.” Dean says and everybody is laughing again. Everyone, but Castiel, Dean doesn’t see that, because he is looking at his brother and Rowena.
Dean grunts in reply. He doesn’t have to think really hard to figure out who he could turn to if he needs help. Frank and Donatello might listen to him, eventually, but they’d be annoyed about it. Dick and Lily more or less want nothing to do with him. For Lily, that’s about the same for everyone. She’s pretty grumpy and mostly keeps to herself and May. But Dean just hasn’t spent as much time with them as much as he has everyone else. Bill, Ellen, Rowena, Rufus, and Victor have all been a lot more friendly and open with him.
This time they don’t fall asleep easily. They seem to have nightmares and Castiel seems to have some as well. He thrashes and trembles in his bed and Sam carefully puts his hand on Castiel’s forehead, even for an angel it’s too warm.
“Tua fortitudo recedes et potentia fades,” Sam started again, rushing through the words, “in hac terra manere, donec ego levo —”
screaming. Like before, there’s a pinch of pain high in the middle of his back. His vision swims, blurring like his crying or he’s underwater.
. He is likely scared and frustrated with a situation that he has no control over. Perhaps if someone were to speak to him, he might return to the Alpha Sector enclosure without a fight. He may even come to understand that he should not be attempting to escape.
His back arched up before crashing back down onto the floor. Dean blinked rapidly, eyes darting around as he swallowed air like a fish out of water, focus and recognition returning to his gaze until it finally landed on Sam. He calmed, panting slightly as his expression filled with surprise and relief. “S-Sam?” Dean’s voice was weak and Sam watched as his brother’s eyes filled with joyful tears.
He sighed again, gently pulling the sheet completely over them. He stood thinking for a moment, fishing in his pockets among the vials until he finally found what he was looking for. Sam flipped open the lighter, watching as the flame sprung to life and danced in the moonlight, warming the cold atmosphere.
He walks towards the bunker and is quiet, when he opens the door. Morpheus probably already knows that he’s here and he has to be careful. Castiel expected some kind of mess, but the bunker just looks like always. Castiel walks down the stairs, his wings tucked behind his back.
“I meant Cas.” Sam says and with that he gets out of the car. Castiel doesn’t say anything and even fucking flies out of the car, next to Sam, who is already in the motel lobby. Dean growls quietly and Baby’s tires are squealing, when he drives away from the motel.
are standing. But it stops too suddenly, too sharply, to be natural. Even the water falling over it doesn’t make it look natural.
“This where we’re staying?” he asked. The skeletal remains of the house weren’t by any means comfortable, but it looked more sturdy than some of the others he had glanced in his mindless trek here.
“Dean!” Castiel calls out, but there is no answer. Castiel’s shoulders sag and that’s when he realizes something. He gasps loudly and turns his head to one side and just as he had thought, his wings are back.
Behind the trees is just another white wall. Dean almost runs into it head first. The trees are only five layers deep, and that doesn’t even count as a forest. The vines hang down over this wall too, and Dean desperately searches under it for a hint of another door. He can’t find anything, even as he makes his way along to the right.
Dean holds the cup out to him. Big only uses two fingers to take the cup back, pinching it carefully by the boom. He takes it to the shelf, taps something on it, and a hole opens in the wall above it. Big tosses the whole thing in there, and the hole closes again. It’s a really small hole, so Dean doubts that he could use that to escape.
“Fuck!” Sam finally yelled, not knowing what to do. He kept shaking Dean, tears pricking his eyes as fear for his brother grew.
Sam forced himself to look back at the women’s hand, lying still. He stared at the ring on her finger, and it finally clicked. “Blake’s wife…”   Sam muttered, he was sure of it. No other bodies were as fresh. She and her child must’ve been the most recent victim.
“But it’s not,” Cas whispered, burying his head in Dean’s shoulder, “I know what she wants, I know what she’ll do… and I know what she wants me to do to you… I don’t want to.”
That’s a lot of days. Dean is definitely going to starve to death if he has to wait for plants to grow. And that’s not even taking into account how long it’ll take for fruit, vegetables, or anything actually
Jo is asleep again, but this time she’s curled up in Ellen’s arms. Rowena hangs back with Ellen and Bill, but she doesn’t say anything as they all crouch around Dean.
It was sweet and soft, Cas nippling lightly at his bottom lip before diving in for more. Cas’s hands wove their way behind Dean, sliding onto his back and pulling him closer. Dean fell into the movement, letting Cas do as he wished. All he did was reply to Cas’s unspoken words. When Cas seared his mouth with desperation, Dean would soothe him with his tongue. Every clutch of fabric was replied to with the breathless touch of his lips. Dean was much more practiced, his movements smoother, but there was a hunger in the angel’s motions that rivalled Dean’s own. The slow exploration grew more insistent. A fire burned in Dean’s belly and soon he shared the desperate need Cas was clawing into his skin.
This was just a regular salt and burn but now it had gone completely sideways. Things could never be simple, could they?
Once everyone has been introduced, the girl shakes her hair out of her face. It’s all loose black curls spilling around her head. Dean thinks it’s really pretty, and not even just because it’s different from the hair of everyone else here.
Dean frowned but continued to make his way up to the house. He knocked at the door, “Hello?” He waited. When no one answered he tried again. “Anyone there? We're not here to hurt you, we just need to talk to someone.” Again, he was met with silence.
If anything, that brings the tears back in full force. Dean rolls his eyes, but he bites his tongue from saying anything. May just doesn’t get it, and he doubts she ever will. This whole nightmare situation is
Facing into the wind, Castiel closes his eyes and spreads all four of his wings at the same moment that he unclenches his talons. The gusts are strong enough to fill his wings and lift him from the platform, sending him tumbling backwards and into the open air. He opens his eyes again, blinking rapidly to avoid the tears the winds bring to them. It drags at his ears and he folds them closer to the sides of his head, protecting the delicate feathers even as they catch the sounds of the city for him.
Today, May got really frustrated with him and his silence. Dean knows he’s not being fair to her, but he doesn’t really care. This is her life. It’s not his. But she got mad and she pushed him. Dean went to his knees, and when he got back up, he took a swing at her for it. Even if it’s not right to hit someone, even if they hit you first, Dean did it anyway, and Lily did
But no matter how many times Castiel brings it up to his mother, the conversation is always the same.
“Here,” the older boy walked over to the seating next Dean, “We can sit here.” The children took a seat beside Dean, completely unaware of his presence. They all sat in silence for a few minutes, Dean watching the kids as they admired the chapel’s architecture and serenity. He observed them closely, a strange sense of deja vu picking at his brain.
“Bullshit.” Dean blinked at Cas’s harsh words. “We both know how painful this can be, but we both know its worth it. I’ll watch you die, yes. But I will also watch you ascend. Heaven, Dean — I’ll make sure you get into heaven. And when you do, I’ll stay with you. I’ll come down and visit Sam until it’s time to guide his soul as well. You think I haven’t thought this through Dean? You’re wrong. I told you I was prepared to spend eternity with you. That is not a lie.”
Sam sucked in a breath, running his hands over his face, “What do we do?” There was a beat of silence, hope wavering before Dean spoke.
“Whatever it was…” Castiel’s voice caught their attention, “We will find out what happened and stop it from happening again.”
Big finishes up whatever it is that he was doing, and he walks back to the shelf. He comes back right away with two arches stuck together with a little flat piece between them that Big is holding on to. The arches look soft and spongy, and Dean gets an uneasy feeling in his stomach. He doesn’t like the look of it, and he turns to Ellen, and then Cas for some kind of explanation.
kid. It always shows up, and Dean knows it’s the same one from the bridge. The colouring of its feathers are a dead giveaway. They’re pretty distinctive: black with hidden colours whenever the sunlight hits them just right.
He must’ve been quiet for a bit too long as Dean continues, “Plus it’d be easier for me to get your ass out of trouble,” he smirks, “If I see your handsome mug in heaven too soon I swear I’ll make your afterlife hell.”
. It understands him and they’re still doing this to him. He backs away slowly, horrified. Dean’s throat goes tight and he feels like he’s choking.
Eventually, they do make it to the testing room. Dean isn’t really sure if it’s the same one as last time. It’s been too long and he doesn’t remember the route, even though he remembers how hard he tried to memorize it on the walk there. The room
Every day, Castiel goes to work with his mother. She has many things to do as part of her job, so she leaves him to take up residence above the Alpha Sector enclosure on his own. He could easily have watched the cameras from home where he would still be able to continue his studies, but he prefers this to be able to keep an eye on 1-M-7. Mother, in her ever present efforts to support him, has ensured that all her co-workers continue to share their own notes and observations to Castiel’s PADD.
It takes forever to open his eyes, fighting against the weight of them. His heart is pounding in his ears and Dean expects to be on a plate in front of a
He does wish that he could have been allowed to go after Dean with Uriel, or instead of Uriel. It would have delayed having to deal with his mother. Unfortunately, Castiel does not have a means of stopping Dean beyond physically overpowering him. Uriel was the logical choice in all aspects, as much Castiel does not like that. He can only hope that Uriel will not be too mean to Dean, though he would be unconscious and unaware of what is happening.
she is. She doesn’t respect his boundaries, so he’s not going to give her the time of day until she does.
“Am I dead?” Castiel whispers and Gabriel, Rowena and Sam start to laugh. Castiel smiles a bit himself, but Dean can see that it’s not a real one. Maybe he had seen that Dean wanted to kiss him and was now unsure how to let him down easily. Dean swallows.
It is not that Castiel does not believe that socialization is not important. Socialization is important in Aetherian society, and Castiel has learned since studying 1-M-7 that it is equally important in Homosapien society as well. He fully understands that it is pertinent to development, managing his own emotions, understanding others’ feelings and needs, and learning to interact with others in a respectful and acceptable way. But he feels like he already has a good grasp on all of that. His lessons provide excellent theory on it, and Naomi has taught him quite a bit on her own. And Castiel has always spent quite a lot of time with her and her co-workers at her place of employment.
A small sound of thinly veiled scoffing punched out from across the receiver. "Yeah, okay, Dean. Maybe you… Dipped a little deep in the bottle. You’ve done it before.”
Victor and Rufus are muttering to each other about something, poking through a woven bag that Victor brought over too. Dean picks up the bowl of berries and stands up. They glance at him, but he just nods at them and walks away, heading back towards the trees.
Maybe, one day, he’ll be able to wrestle with the grown ups. He’s not big enough right now, but one day he will be. But he probably shouldn’t wrestle with Dick, because he would probably try and figure out some way to hurt Dean during it. And then the
She looks off across the camp, but not really looking at anything specific. “Kid, they have things you’ve never even
Dean screams himself hoarse, kicking and squirming for what little good it does him. He throws empty threats left, right, and center, demanding to be put down. His status in the tribe as future
“Dean I know — I know you want to stay. Trust me, I understand — but you dying won’t help save Cas.”
For once, he hoped this was just a dream from tying on one too many beers and passing out on deck. He could deal with Sammy’s lectures and self-righteous ‘I told you so’s’ if it meant he could wake up and be safe in his bunk.
Cas pushed back slightly, looking Dean straight in the eye. His gaze was hard and calculating, like jaded sapphire. But then, it softened. A brief, relieved smile decorated his face as he stared into Dean’s soul. He glanced down, moving forward hesitantly until Dean could feel the breath on his lips. Cas glanced up, catching Dean’s eye. Dean couldn’t move, captivated. Not moving forward, not moving back, just waiting. Then, the angel moved forward, pressing his lips against Dean’s.
Another sigh ghosted his lips, and he turned back into the cabin to drop his thermos off and decrease speed. A few more minutes and he paced on deck, gathering the longlines off a set of rods jerry-rigged into a few old wood pallets he’d picked up at the back of a Home Depot. Loads cheaper than he could buy in stores to keep his lines untangled and neat.
and go on and on to the end of the world. Or how there’s an ocean so big that you can’t see where it ends. Rowena came from across the big water, and she talks about her homeland excitedly whenever she gets the chance, but May doesn’t care. She has no
He steps into the room, keeping his smile in place. Ellen follows, but they both stay by the door. Crouched, like they’re trying not to look threatening. Do they know they’re dealing with a kid? Probably. A grown-up wouldn’t be able to fit under the furs like this.
Dean was already breathless, his mind buzzing, “Cas, you know we’re out in the middle of a forest right? Can’t we wait until we’re inside, you know, in a bed.”
“Cas?” Dean asks and his voice is so soft. Castiel puts his hands on Dean’s thighs, his wings open a bit, but both of them don’t really care about that. Another door opens somewhere and destroys the little bubble. Castiel gets up again and takes a few steps back.
Most of them have been here for quite some time. Castiel is sure that 1-M-6 was the last specimen to be collected and added to the enclosure, and that was at least one sol cycle previous. It would have had to be the last time
“Jealous of us?” Dean asks back and he is so surprised by that, but he is also blushing pretty badly now. Castiel nods.
A laugh hums in Dean’s chest at the memory. Oh poor Sammy, having to deal with his teasing for almost twenty-two cycles now. Dean is only two cycles older, but he still feels like both a parent and brother to Sam. It’s been a long time since their parents left, leaving them to fend for themselves as most all selachii do around their eighteenth cycle. But in this instance, Sam had done something Dean had never heard any other selachii siblings do. Dean had been to make his way in the world alone while Sam was to stay with their parents until his eighteenth cycle, but he made a choice, one that Dean will always be grateful for—he came with Dean. And so here they both are, exploring the oceans, together.
“Morning guys.” Sam says, before he makes a beeline towards the coffee machine. Castiel’s hand strokes over Dean’s once more and then starts to make a new toast for Dean. At least their feet are still tangled under the table.
lady next to him puts a hand on Cas’s shoulder, but neither one of them moves after that. Not even a twitch.
Castiel breaths a quiet sigh of relief. Should he erase their conversation? He is confident in his technological skills to remove them from the network entirely so that no one, not even Naomi, would be able to find them if they went looking. While his main focus has been zoology with a slight branch into psychology, Castiel has also dabbled a bit in computer sciences.
, and wonders if there’s ever been a time when they took someone away and no one ever saw them again.
It takes everything in Cas not to rest his forehead on the steering wheel and groan. Instead, he rolls his eyes, “That’s not even
“It was fuckin’ weird I tell you.” Dean puttered around the kitchen the next morning, smearing a liberal amount of butter on his toast before he poked at the bubbling bacon in the cast iron skillet.
to bring it out in the first place, and it didn’t even look like it was heavy to them. Bill and Donatello even struggle a little with carrying what Dean knows to be an empty clay pot, very similar to the new one, back to the door. They leave it there and return to camp.
As he heads back to his own camp, planning on taking a short nap before he starts his strength training again, Dean glances up at the clear bridge. Cas is there again. He’s there most days now, but he still hasn’t shown up at the Alone Room since Dean’s first test. Dean goes to the Alone Room a lot less often than he used to, if only because it’s
Victor and Rufus gather up a bunch of smaller bags into their arms. Dean watches them take those to the various jars around the campfire. He’s learned that’s where they keep seasonings, spices, and various vegetables and fruits that are used when they cook. Ellen stands up and follows them back, one little bag in her hands, and leaves the rest of the big bag to be gathered up by Dick. He slings it over his shoulder and starts walking towards the camp with it.
Dean is so wrapped up in his thoughts, that he almost misses the sound of the door whooshing open on the other side of the field. He glances up briefly, almost brushing it off, until he notices how wide Frank’s eyes have gotten.
dangerous, and Dean has spent the last few days worrying that one (or all) of the hunters wouldn’t be coming back because of them. He’s never seen a
The child’s nose wrinkles a bit. It focuses on the flat thing for real now, and taps at it a bit. Eventually, it tilts its head to the side and its ear-wings flick slightly. “Being a specimen means that you are an example of your species that is used for scientific study and display.”
“Well agent, it's a long trek to get there, even by helicopter. And no offense to Mr. Langermann, but I don't think the force thinks it's worth their time and money.”
He scans the rock shelf, slowly sweeping his tail back and forth as he searches for the barnacles and anemone Sam is so fond of (
His movements gradually begin to slow. He can feel the exhaustion weighing him down in the water. This is it, isn’t it? It’s all been a lie and now he’s stranded in the middle of nowhere. But he couldn’t give up, not yet, even if his belly protests with hunger and his limbs sink like stones.
Castiel blinks. He’s never thought of that as an option. Cas never had many ‘friends’, if they could be called that. It was usually friendship by mutual cooperation. Other than his brother, Gabriel, Castiel didn’t hang out with anyone for purposes other than hunting. It was a lonely existence but one Cas had accepted as necessary.
Big comes back from the shelf with something small in his hands that Dean has no idea what it’s supposed to do with his mouth. It’s a long, thin stick like thing, like what Cas sometimes uses on the flat thing he always has, but the end of it has another little round disk on the end of it. Dean rolls his lips between his teeth and keeps his mouth firmly shut.
Eels might have taken residence in his gut for how disconcerted the man was making Dean. ‘Off?’ Was he talking about Castiel? How could he be? There was no way possible the guy knew Dean had been to the island.
Dean watched, captivated as Cas popped open the bottle, squeezing the contents into his hand. This would so make up for Cas stopping mid blowjob. The angel reached out, once more wrapping a hand around his cock, stroking it thoroughly. Dean sighed at the return of pressure and soon Cas was done.
Getting over the wall didn’t work, and he’s pretty sure that he’s not going to be able to do that again. But… He eyes up the overturned dirt from the planting spree and hums to himself. Digging… Now
Up until now, Donatello had been sitting at the edge of the pool trying to fish. He brings in the hooked string he was using and leaves that in a coil on a rock. With Bill’s help, he carries the clay pot the
By the time Castiel steps from his roost room, his mother is already in the kitchen. Her clothing is very similar to his own, though her shirt is built with support for her breasts. Aside from a few feathered strands framing the bases of her halo, the rest of her hair is tied up in a neat, tight bun. She looks up at him, eyebrow raised. The core of an apple is in hand and she throws it into the freestanding recycler at the end of the counter.
“Oh there they are.” Rowena says and she walks over to them. She shoves the poppy seeds aside until a face turns up. She grins and then nods.
Everything sounds different when Dean wakes up again. He can still hear the buzz and chirp of insects, and various birdsong, and it almost sounds like home again, but there’s something…
“Jesus, you’re just a regular Mr. Rogers of conversation, aren’t you?” Dean snorted, ignoring the incredulous look of confusion Castiel was aiming his way.
Castiel returned to his fruit with another quiet look of judgment, burying his tongue in the pulpy mess with renewed interest.
The rest of the workers are gathered in the back of the enclosure, standing under the trees off to one side. Castiel recognizes it as an unmonitored corner. The specimens do not use it for anything, so there is no reason to keep cameras focused on it. Up until now.
Dean glares up at him for a moment, just long enough to pour all his hate and anger into that one look, and then he jerks his head to the side. His teeth snap together painfully just shy of
“Dean, this isn’t funny… and I’m sure there’s something to clean it with around here.” Dean huffed with a smile. He knew it was bad, the numbness he felt relayed that much. There were no more nerves to cause any pain.
Dean groans and draws his knees up. He drops his forehead against them and sighs loudly. After thinking about it backwards and forwards, weighing his options, and finally looks up again. “Do you… Do you know how long it takes seeds to grow?”
Once she is out of the room, Castiel breathes a sigh of relief. He returns to his desk to crouch down on his perch, knees pressed to his chest. Now that he is alone, he allows himself to fidget and rubs a finger under his bottom lip. This he only ever does in private.
“I believe there’s a patch of trees a half a mile from here that might provide some shade. I can see it from here.” Cas squinted out at the shifting plane of plateaus and scattered brush, then back at the brothers. He eyed their bags and hesitated before speaking, “And would you like me to carry your packs?”
says that keeping a carving of them in their homes is to help keep them away. Dean doesn’t know how that helps.
Dean respectfully moves to make room for the manta, knowing now is not the time to ask questions. He swallows, his heart beating rapidly as he watches Cas work. The manta rolls his brother onto his back, observing the wound on his chest. He gently takes the shell in his hand and scoops out a goopy substance. Carefully, he applies it to the wound, covering it thoroughly in a green paste. He sits back for a moment, then looks to Dean apologetically. “He needs to be awake for this next part.” Dean frowns in confusion then watches as Cas whips out his stinger and jabs Sam with a small current of electricity.
Victor has been the one to stand up for Dean the most, even going so far as to hit Dick to keep him from fighting with Dean. The
Something was here because something was living in this section of the island. The dip at the base of the hill had been worn down deep into a shallow bowl, sand gathered inside, larger and wider than he was tall. Crude clay covered pots lined stacked underneath a small lean-to made up of stripped, worn branches, shining with a layer of glistening oil.
can read their minds when they look at you, but it does make sense. Sure would explain Dean hasn’t seen any of them speak to each other.
She leads him over to the table and scoops Dean up under his armpits to lift him up and sit him on the edge. Dean immediately draws his knees to his chest and hugs them. Ellen hops up to sit next to him, between him and the clear wall, thankfully, and puts an arm around his shoulders. She rubs his arm a little bit, and tucks him against her side.
told him never to repeat them, but he uses them now. She’s not here to frown at him in disappointment and shake her head, or lecture him, or send him back into the family tree down into the carved out space where he and Sammy would sleep. Dean uses all of them now, throwing a tantrum to end all tantrums.
took him, fixed him, and put him in this new place. Dean is almost positive that no one, not Rowena, or Ellen, or Rufus, has told him anything about being taken to a room like this. They only mentioned the poking and prodding, and that always happened in a white room. This is definitely not a white room. It’s… different.
is watching him again. It’s because May called him a jerk. She told him, straight to his face, that if this is how he always acts, then his family probably doesn’t even miss him. That might have been why he hit her after she pushed him. She doesn’t know his family. She doesn’t have the
“Uh… so I know you don’t sleep but um… I was wondering if you’d…” Dean cleared his throat, “I mean that coat can’t be the comfiest and if you’d like to, you know,” Dean vaguely gestured to his bed, “If you want —”
of us like that, but Frank especially doesn’t. And none of them ever used to hang around until you got here. And I hear that it
“Dammit Dean,” Sam bit his lip, carefully removing scraps of fabric and dirt with the cleanest side of Dean’s shirt. Dean finally glanced up and saw the red stained piece of clothing in Sam’s hand.
Another shadow joined the other and Sam was suddenly aware of his loud heartbeat. His mind raced through all the things he knew about wendigo. He stared at his lighter again, and a smirk spread across his face. He lowered the lighter and the corpses lit aflame. Sam grabbed a broken table leg from off the floor, ripping a piece off of Dean’s already ruined shirt and wrapping it around the top. He popped open one of the oil vials and poured some of the contents onto the now makeshift torch. He dipped the wood tip into the fire, now spreading across the room. Surprised roars echoed as the creatures sprung away from the growing flames.
“I was going to let you go easy. Kill the wendigo then leave, but then I realized it’s probably not a wise decision to let a hunter just walk out of this town. And I’m rather hungry, not a lot of visitors around these parts.”
.” She points back to the woman with the eyepatch where she’s kneeling at the entrance to one of the tents.”
He has always strived to be a model son. Aside from Dean’s first escape attempt, Castiel had never been reprimanded by his mother before. As far as he knows, Naomi has never had a complaint to make about him. He has been under the impression that she highly praises him to her co-workers, if only because they make it a point to say as much when he has the chance to speak with them. Naomi has always been pleased with what he says, what he does, with his scores in his lessons, and how far along he is in them.
Rowena laughs and gestures around the camp. “All of this we made with our own hands with the tools we made from the supplies they gave us.”
"Olaperita de en malpirgi zomdv congamphlgh i en ror zomdv dooain en napea od ol dobitza a zomdv moanu lap ol zir ge akarinu" = (rough translation) light of my life, your spirit is my sun, your name my sword and I fall in your eyes for I am not worthy (I really wanted to say "light of my life, your spirit is my sun, your name my sword and I fall into your eyes for I do not want to fly without you" but enochian doesn't have the largest vocabulary)
Castiel uses the stylus to scratch at the downy feathers at the base of one of his ear-wings. He uses the gesture to mask a slight nod.
He swims a bit longer, keeping in mind how far out he is now. He shouldn’t wander too far from Sam—the closer they are, the easier it is to rush back in case one of them is in danger. It’s that reminder that makes Dean sigh and slow his descent. As he’s about to turn around and head back up, a glowing patch of anemone catches his eye. He perks up, flapping his pectoral fins as he floats forward. He discovers the plantlife is farther than he’d expected.
Dean’s vision went white. He felt Cas splatter across his stomach and a strange buzz of something brushing his arms. He collapsed on top of Cas as they rode out the high together, panting breathlessly until they were finally left hugging each other in the darkness of the room.
Aside from the fear, Dean kind of likes this season. It usually lasts two cycles of the moon, and they spend almost all their time safe inside the trees. Every family tree has big clay pots filled with water stored on one of the levels. Dean helped fill them this year. They carry the water from the river in water-tight skin sacks, or pots they balance on their heads. The canoe-lift brings it all up and they fill everyone’s stores one by one.
Dean worries at his bottom lip, his grip on the fur going white-knuckled. He hopes they’re not here, wherever here is. Obviously the
“You could’ve asked,” Dean’s breath hicked as Castiel sucked insistently on a spot under his ear that he knew would leave a bruise, “I’ve been ready to go since we got back.”
somehow. It wasn’t grown under the brush surrounding the trees, and how did the fish get into the pool? It looks closed off, and Dean doesn’t think that they’ve always been there. The
Castiel sensed when Dean's mind finally sunk into slumber. A light hum in his conscious told him that Dean’s dreams were pleasant ones, ones filled with contentment and love and a hint of feathers. He caught flashes of images and chuckled to himself.
Cas smiles wider now, “Yes, I’ll see you around.” The manta glances back to where his kind has now almost faded. He looks to Dean one more time, raising his hand to wave. “Till next time?”
Dean flat out ignores anything that comes out of Dick’s mouth. He does, however, touch the little pouch at his hip. Everyone’s eyes go to it. Ellen looks back at him, smiling softly. It’s encouraging, and Dean can’t deny the little pang in his chest. It’s the same kind of smile his
“Fuck!” He threw off his blankets, casting the sodden sheets to the ground to deal with later. For the fourth night in a row, he threw himself in the shower under a cold blast, hissing as the frigid water bit hard and chased away the magma within.
Dean looks up to see Castiel standing in the doorway. For the first time since Castiel saw that Dean is awake, the angel looks worried.
Dean keeps eye contact as he slowly undoes his satchel and reaches into it. The cecaelia keeps track of his hand as it moves past his knife and into the bag. Dean takes out three fish and places them on the outcrop of the smaller cave.
Dean almost chuckled. It was one of the oldest and most cliche stories in the book. It was written in every love song and myth around the world — the angel that fell for a human. And yet Dean had managed to ignore it for almost a decade. And maybe he felt something too…
That little snake had nothing on this thing moving in front of him. Castiel was pure power and muscle, as quick as he was terrifying. Dean had no doubt in his mind that the creature could make good on his threat.
“We have to be quick.” Rowena whispers and Gabriel nods. Sam gets out his maps again and points out the places he had already checked. Even in the woods was actually nothing. While Rowena takes a map herself, Gabriel stays with Castiel.
He’d received a good tip from one of the local salts last night about one of their fish finders picking up a big school out near the Island a few miles offshore, but that was an area where most locals stuck to their P’s and Q’s. Too many good boats had run up on the jagged rocks lining a good portion of the shore, and there were rumors of waters able to tug you into the Island’s grasp. A number of people had died a few decades ago, and when the body count began to climb the locals took notice and steered clear, good fishing be damned.
But this is something that he’s scared to bring up here. Dean doesn’t want to think about the chance that he might still be here next summer. But it’s becoming more and more likely, because he’s running out of ways to try and escape. He did try to go up the waterfall a second time, also at night while everyone was sleeping. That time, no one started yelling, but the
The humming whirr of a hover-pad catches Castiel’s attention. He looks up and takes note of one coming from over the wall, guided by the Aetherian standing on it and manipulating the control column located at the front of the pad. Castiel can feel his mother
“Ro.” Sam says and he frowns at the nicknames himself. Rowena just smiles happily at him and comes closer. Sam almost presses her against him, but he doesn’t. Instead he points at two hills made of poppy seeds.
A soft voice, barely audible whispered in his ear. He shot up and spun around, but found no change in his surroundings.
Dean takes his time to pack his bag anyway. He can hear Sam walking down the corridor and puts another flannel onto his clothes, before he finally slings the bag over his shoulder. He looks back to his nightstand and winks at his mother’s picture with him and Sammy.
Instead of answering her, Dean looks away and pulls the blanket up over his ears. May doesn’t move and continues staring at him, her mouth pinched in a little line. Eventually, she signs and goes back to where Lily is waiting for her. He watches her go, and frowns at the swirls and loops of black on the white nape of her neck. Part of him wants to ask about it, but she probably wouldn’t answer, especially not after he refused to give his name.
“I don’t know Dean, it- kind of sounds like you’ve been listening too much to ol’ Rufus at the Roadhouse.” Sam snorted, the sound of his fingers flying over the keys of his laptop; something Dean had grown increasingly used to over the years. Sam had an ease with technology Dean couldn’t even begin to match.
Good enough. Dean lies down, closes his eyes, and holds as still as he possibly can. While he does, Cas sighs and keeps talking; “The light is measuring your height. The table is measuring your weight. Another scanner is reading your blood pressure.”
Dean took a deep breath and looked back at Sam. He could feel it too, an underlying weight creeping in on them, following them from the shadows. Except, they could see nothing.
Should a child not find adults to be comforting? Certainly, any Aetherian child who is separated from their parental units when in a public setting will seek out the nearest adult to assist them, if even necessary in the first place. Aetherian children are quite bright and highly advanced even at a young age, unlike what has been documented of the
Mother is most pleased with him for pointing that out, and she does not hesitate to share that through their
“And?” Dean asks, but Castiel shakes his head and sits down in Baby, before Dean can ask another question. Sam shrugs and then sits down as well, which leaves Dean to stand next to Baby. Just as he wants to walk around the car, it feels as if somebody is watching him. Dean turns around a few times, but he can’t see anyone.
The attention has Samandriel practically glowing with delight. He catches himself a moment later, schooling his expressions and drawing his emotions back into check. Regardless, there is still a heavy hint of happiness in his
Dean can hear his heart pounding in his chest and he’s sure the cecaelia can too. But he’s not going to stick around to ask. Keeping to his word, Dean cautiously takes out another fish and places it on the edge of the cave. He glances one last time at the cecaelia, catching his big sparkling eyes before whirling around and racing out of the cavern.
There are maps in his family tree drawn on rolls of hide with charcoal. Dean wants to do enough exploring when he grows up to have to make a whole new map to include all the new land that he’ll find. He wants to go
That’s… a good question. Dean worries at his bottom lip and fidgets with the tie of the belt around his waist. He glances around, happy to find that he can’t see Dick at the moment. If he was around, he’d probably tease Dean for wanting the comfort of company during his tests. Dick always goes to his tests alone, but he’s a
“Oh,” the little boy looked down at his feet, his brown hair falling over his face. Then he turned back to the altar again, staring at it in awe.
. But that’s all this place is. Dirt, grass, and flowers. They look familiar, but it’s not right that they’re trapped here just like him.
From between his teeth, Dean snapped, “Then I bet you’ll like this, bitch.” With that, Dean grabbed the knife from the ground and drove it through the meat of her wrist. She shrieked, immediately releasing the dagger. Dean grabbed it midair and without hesitation, tossed it over the cliff.
Castiel glances away from her PADD to look at the enclosure proper. It is separated by a wall from the room where 1-M-7 is resting. Since the enclosure is a wedge within the dome, it is wider at one end and narrows towards the center of the facility. The wide end has several rows of trees to obscure the stark white walls. Flowers are scattered throughout the grass field, long stalks waving in the simulated breeze. Vines and creeping ivy crawl up the other two walls, and the fourth at the center of the facility is covered in rocks. A waterfall spills over them and into a large pool, filling that end of the enclosure.
Sam used a small burnt wooden box as his bowl, it was the best he could salvage from the ashes of the village. He placed the paper with the spell and the spell components on the floor beside the box. He muttered the spell one more time, making sure he spoke all the words without error. Then he withdrew a sharp stone from his boot. He no longer had any weapons at his disposal, so he had to improvise, taking a rock from the shards scattered across the desert. He rolled up his bloody jacket sleeve.
Dean grabs her hand and holds it as tightly as he can. He hasn’t wanted comfort from any of the grownups since he first got here. But right now, with the
makes his wings droop slightly. He clears his throat again. “Since we first spoke. We have gathered quite a lot of information from you through simple observation in the enclosure. If we have any further concerns towards your health, we will deal with you and those concerns at that time.”
“What?” Dean leaned away as the wyvern moved closer. “Stop,” he pushed her head away as she bumped his chest. “Hey, we have a goal to accomplish remember?” Impala snorted and sat back on her haunches, staring up at the hundred feet of stairs.
Who would have thought a creature like Cas would actually be a positive influence, but Dean had to admit, he liked the 'guy'. Lingering questions still remained unsaid, and finally, they surface, upsetting the precarious truce between human and 'monster'.
The vibrations and the hum are things that Dean had stored away in his head to ask Cas about whenever they had a chance to be alone again. Since that’s never going to happen, Dean is just doomed to be tormented by unanswered questions. Maybe he might be able to figure it out himself one day, but he’s not so sure. The
wings curl tighter over its shoulders and it stares down at the flat thing again. “I would greatly prefer if you would simply eat what is provided to you.”
Dean isn’t sure if he wants his brother to know what is happening between him and Castiel, but he also isn’t really sure what is happening between them. There are just so many small touches and Dean enjoys it a whole lot more than he should.
It doesn’t take long for Dean to tire himself out. He really doesn’t have a lot of energy these days. Eventually, he slumps down in the corner by the see-through wall, temple resting against it so he can keep an eye on the child. Maybe it will eventually talk to him again?
Dean stroked his thumb against the back of Cas’s hand, “That’s okay Cas. Sex isn’t my main concern here.”
His first urge is not to listen. But, the sooner he complies, and sooner he can get out of here, hopefully. Dean sighs, and then takes a few deep breaths. Holding them for a moment before whooshing the air out again. Big must be satisfied with whatever he hears, because he steps away and goes back to the shelf. He puts the listening thing on shelf and looks through some other things while Cas starts poking away at the flat thing.
sound good. Dean’s stomach rumbles quietly and he shifts to put a hand over it, only to pull it away again because he doesn’t like the feel of the soft fabric. He did have breakfast, but he doesn’t know how long ago that was. Even though he could see the sky from this room, he couldn’t see the placement of the sun to figure out the time of day. It’s still bright out, but where do the
Dean failed to hold back a groan as the angel ravaged his throat with tongue and teeth, sucking and nipping and soothing. After a minute, Cas reluctantly drew back, hissing into his skin, “Too long.”
“The hell is wrong with me?” Dean grumbled into the water; forehead pressed to the cool, dark green shower tiles that were as dated as the rest of the old seaside home.
is lit with rings of light surrounding the base of each building. It reflects through the water that makes up the floor of the city, and is more than satisfactory to see by. Aetherians have excellent night vision, so it is of little concern to them how much light is available to them. Castiel has always considered the light to be more for aesthetic purposes than any actual use.
Dean was nearly knocked over when Impala nudged him with her snout. “Hey!” He glared at her as she tilted her head at him. Her wings ruffled as she gave a series of growls and snorts.
Mad, frustrated, and definitely unhappy, Dean gets up and starts pacing around The Alone Room. He thinks, and he thinks, and he thinks
Dean’s footsteps fell lightly atop the smooth marble tiles beneath his feet. The sound echoed and disappeared among the row of tall columns, rising towards the vaulted ceiling where there lay carvings of saints and angels and heavenly things. The light that spilled forth from the stained glass windows was white and pure, mingling with the soft song that hovered in the air.
“Still don’t trust it.” Dean stares at the ceiling and drums his fingers on his arms. “Still don’t trust
Although, it’s very possible that she might end up being just as much a loner as Dean is. She might decide to set up her own camp away from everyone else, just like he did. Or maybe she won’t want her own tent at all, and she’ll end up sharing with someone else. Out of everyone, Dean figures it’ll probably be Rowena. Lily would never allow someone else in her tent with may. It would surprise Dean a lot if even another little girl still wouldn’t be allowed.
For a moment, Cas looks a little sick. He swallows thickly, but he nods and looks down at the flat thing. “Yes. You are still underweight for a child of your age and height, but you are doing well and have improved greatly since…” Now
. She takes a moment to say something to Ellen that’s too quiet for Dean to hear from where he’s standing. Her skirt rustles when she walks, and soon she’s standing at Dean’s shoulder and she holds out her hand.
Sam finished the last of the warding with a sigh, letting his shaky hand drop. He shuffled his way over and slid down next to Dean. They stared off, not saying a word until Sam ran a hand through his hair.
Their footsteps slowed as they struggled for breath, panting with pangs in their sides, until they finally came to a stop. Dean stood bent over with his hands on his knees. The air made him shiver, the shaking in his legs harder now from the exertion and the cold of his wet clothes. “Fuck,” he muttered under his breath. He looked over at Sam and Adahy. They were just as worn out as he was. Dean glanced behind them.
The door slides shut behind them and locks itself once the sensors have confirmed no one else remains inside. It will unlock upon their return, acknowledging the weight of someone on the landing pad and recognizing them by the identity chips implanted in their wrists at birth.
The manta stays uncomfortably silent for a moment before continuing, “Was that you we heard? You seemed to be in some trouble.”
“You think it could be there?” Sam wants to know, because there seems nothing really special about that place, but Rowena nods.
It was soft, tentative and scared, with such desperation Dean wanted to cry. Dean didn’t think, mind going blank. He pressed back, opening up for Cas to dive in deeper. The angel was so warm and gentle, kissing him like he was the water of the earth and the flames of the sun. Life and death, love and despair, everything seemed to have gravitated towards this moment. For once in Dean’s life, he believed in fate.
something. Carefully and slowly, just in case they move when he moves, Dean slides off the fur. Some of the
). He rolls his now fully glowing eyes. Sam and his picky eating, Dean never understood why he can’t just eat fish and crab like a normal selachii, but he still gets it for Sam when he can anyway.
His brother returned to his babbling, voice quiet now and distant. “Get up, get up!” Sam yelled, panicking as the hair on his neck started to prick again. Suddenly Dean shuddered and his eyes flew open. Sam stopped, his body filling with horror as he stared at his brother’s flat expression and glowing blue eyes. The glow filled the room, cutting sharp shadows and bleaching the small space, pouring out of the open doorway. This wasn’t just a nightmare.
Dean let out a sigh of relief and let his eyes close for a moment. “Okay,” he lifted his head and grinned at Castiel, “Then we should get going. It’s a long way to Campbell — and we don’t have much time.” Dean made his way back to Impala, ignoring her content purring.
“What did this to him?” Adahy asked as he walked around the room, checking for any salvageable supplies.
Dean gasped and sat up, biting down another scream as he stared at the lone figure. It was a statue, standing over him with its hooded head bowed and wings loose at its back. The stone didn’t move, but Dean was terrified. He stood up, watching it closely. He inched forward, despite all reason. “Wake me up,” he whispered, hoping someone would hear, “Wake me up!”
what is about to happen. His stomach goes tight and uncomfortable as she starts to clean 1-M-7’s teeth, running the device over each and every tooth and along his gums. Once she is satisfied, she hangs the tool back where it belongs.
“Go then.” Castiel moved fast. Before Dean could draw in a bracing breath, he was knocked down to the ground again, and a strong forearm braced a hard line against his chest, stuttering the breath from his lungs. "Do not waste my leap of faith, human. Make no mistake that I could kill anyone you send to end me. Do not gamble with the lives of your town.”
Her tone is specifically scolding now and Castiel’s wings droop fully in response. Even though she is not looking at him, his ear-wings droop in tandem and his bottom lip sticks out just slightly. Such a pathetic expression would usually ease her anger, but this may be one of those few situations where it would have no effect.
Dean clung to Cas at night, he didn’t want to go to breakfast in the morning. He feared that as soon as Cas stepped out the door the universe would sweep him up and he’d be gone. This concern was not something Dean voiced but he suspected Cas knew something was off, he always did. He could feel the constant buzzing anxiety of Dean’s mind and the desperate grip of his hands. Dean believed Cas in that he wouldn’t leave him, but he knew that sometimes in this life, he wouldn’t have a choice.
With fish in his mouth, Dean’s only answer is a shrug. It’s not the most truthful, but he doesn’t care. Does Bill really need to know that he’s made something almost exactly the same at home? Except for him, the animal fat was boiled off the hides and skin from the
Dean tried to hide his shock but failed badly, “Oh! Well then I guess this was an exciting surprise.” He tried to give a friendly smile. Impala growled from behind him again. “Shut your face,” he muttered over his shoulder. “I’m here with serious business,” he straightened himself and cleared his throat.
A tall silhouette blocked his path and Ethan jumped, barely holding back a yelp as he leapt away from the stranger. He stopped to catch his breath, holding a hand over his chest before letting out an annoyed huff.
“NOOO!” Sam struggled then felt the grip on his legs cease. He fell. His head cracked against the stone floor. His vision turned white — all he could do was listen as the world crashed around him. There was thunder and ringing and the breaking of stone and wood. His blindness felt like an eternity, he couldn’t see but the return of screams was all Sam needed to hear to know what was happening. “NO DEAN! PLEASE NO!” He felt rain splattering on his cheeks, mingling with his tears. He was cold, he was hurting, his mouth filling with blood where he’d bitten himself in the fall. He didn’t care about any of it. “DEAN! DEAN!” He kept screaming, praying for his vision to return. His yelling continued until he heard the witch shout something, a flare of heat streaking across his skin, then it was silent. He lay still, waiting.
Castiel settled closer to the ground, holding the fruit in his upturned palms with a critical eye. First, he sniffed it, with his ‘human’ nose, then he scented it. Only after doing both a handful of times did Castiel finally lower his tongue down and flick the forked tips of his tongue against the orange’s flesh.
In a second, Dean sees a large shadow fall over him and looks up to see Cas diving towards him, something in his hand.
Every so often, he’ll pull the blanket down to watch what everyone is doing. Or sometimes he just glares up at the
Dean felt Impala standing beside him, the hall big enough to accommodate her size. He took a moment to look around. The hall was surprisingly empty. Nothing but shelves and occasional tables crowded the walls. Above the shelves hung huge portraits, one for each of the past Magicians no doubt — old men sitting in a musty tower, living out their lives with the company of books.
“Say hi for me. I gotta get going. Headin’ out for a bit later.” Dean offered a short wave as he continued down the market stalls, seeking out the smallish freezer truck from one of the local organic farms. There had been a large influx of small-time farmers and entrepreneurs lately, hocking meat, produce, and natural goods with buzzwords Dean hadn’t seen hide nor hair of. He figured for his purpose, getting a grass-fed, no-hormone, no-blah blah mutton leg and some fruit would be worth it. He didn’t know what the hell a Naga ate, but considering what was around the island, Dean figured a denser meat might endear the creature not to get as pissy at him so quickly.
That gets a big smile from Balthazar, bordering on baring his teeth in a grin. His eyes crinkle in delight at the tentative touch of Samandriel’s shy
While the machine works, the Aetherian moves onto his clothing. The simple cured hide is functional, but not visually or aesthetically pleasing. The fabric synthesized for the specimens in the enclosure are far fancier. Since they have no need to hunt for food, they spend much of their time using the fabric, beads, and stones provided to them to make decorated clothing and tents. It is fascinating the differences between what they have created themselves compared to what they were brought in with.
Dean gave in, closing his eyes and sighing against Cas’s skin, “Fine. But hey… you enjoyed yourself too right?”
With that, Castiel flicks a finger across the screen and closes the messaging program. He occasionally glances at the video feed in the corner, but otherwise turns his full attention back to the task at hand; his thesis. There are many thoughts that he would like to get down in point form, and organized into the body of the thesis before he goes home with Naomi later in the day. After that, he will return to his lessons, as he finds that he can focus on them better when he is at his desk as opposed to the PADD.
“You’re in my way,” she growled, “And maybe with your soul I’ll finally quell him. Then he won’t escape me ever again.”
The rumble of the engine and the shrill squawk of a seagull overhead settled against his skin, drowning out the goosebumps left in the wake of- Whatever the hell ‘Castiel’ had been. Now that he was off the island, he was tempted to think it was all a waking dream. Hell, he’d take a bad stroke if it meant that Castiel wasn’t real.
“Are you at the big or little end? Because I gotta admit, imagining anything bigger than you is kind of piss-inducing.”  It was easier to talk with Castiel now that he didn’t look like he’d be trying to squeeze the life out of him.
, but he’s just going to have to make do with what he has. It couldn’t hurt to have more rope, if he ever needs it.
“Please just tell us what it is.” Sam says and he hears that Gabriel shuffles through a book or some papers. Castiel looks back to Dean and Sam can’t help himself, he also looks over to Dean. Still sleeping peacefully.
“Dean. How are you?” Castiel asks and he tilts his head. Dean almost gets up and kisses him, but he doesn’t dare to. Maybe Castiel saw a different dream and was just confused when Dean had wanted that kiss.
“Well first it was so beautiful but somehow it turned into a real horror show.” Dean says and with that he snatches the beer out of Sam’s hands and gulps it down as fast as he can. Yeah maybe he should get really drunk tonight. Sam seems to think different and takes the beer away again.
He didn’t get the chance for another strike. The being slashed a hand out, knocking the blade from his hand and claws, cutting into the meat of Dean’s forearm.
Cas looked up, “Would you like me to show you what to do?” Dean’s eyes went wide as the image of Cas preparing himself flashed through his head. He nodded.
Over the last several days, Dean has been taking things back to his own private camp. Rowena gave him some blankets she wove a long time ago, and Dean put found sticks or used a rock to break off a few thin, low hanging branches from the trees to build himself a lean-to among the roots where he spent his first night here. The branches and sticks are tied together with vines that he’s pulled down off the wall. It’s his own version of a camp, and it’s not pretty, but it’s
! A name. Hah! Dean finally has a name! He repeats it to himself a few times. It’s definitely weird to say, and his tongue doesn’t really want to work right for part of it. He gets the first half right, but the rest comes out wrong. The kid keeps correcting him, but Dean gives up and figures he can stick to the first half for now. Like how Sammy’s full name isn’t Sam, but actually Samuel, named for
A bright light cut across Dean’s path and he felt it land on him, burning hotter into his skin than any fire could. He froze in fear, a ringing in his ears. He knew what it was — and that it was inescapable. He only hoped that Sam would make it — that he had given him enough time.
Rowena sounds confused when he lets go of her hand and goes straight over to the clear wall. Dean ignores her and slams his hand against the clear wall. “Where the
Castiel’s voice struck odd chords in him. It had the power to reduce his insides to a chittering puddle of goo or draw goosebumps to his skin. It was as formidable as it was graceful. He’d nearly forgotten about the ‘incident’ once he’d seen Castiel with his own eyes, but as he waded back to his boat the night, he nearly crashed into the rocks churned within.
“It’s Morpheus.” Gabriel says and Rowena agrees in the background again. Sam frowns at that, because he actually does know that name.
Most of it felt like a pile of crap. Either talking about demons, gods, or a mostly female race that didn’t look at all like Castiel had. None of the research even mentioned whatever the hell nearly made him run his boat into the rocks. It felt oddly mermaid-esque, but nothing about the Naga had looked buxom or flipper-y. Castiel had been about as opposite from the ideal ‘mermaid’ as it could get.
Dean’s heart almost stops in his chest. He drops the basket and stands up sharply, already looking at the skies. The horn is only sounded when there’s danger, and the only danger Dean can think of right now would be the
Since his father went and died and Sam ran off to college on scholarships and wishful thinking, Dean hadn’t been getting a lot of downtime. Sam was his other pair of consistent hands on deck, and all their money had been pooled together. After Sam left, he had to start sharing that pool with whoever he could get to join him for the day, and it was eating into his savings. He wouldn’t be able to keep going like this, not forever- and he knew it.
, they do not wish to have caused disease and destruction to it like they did their home world. Its destruction can be laid squarely on their shoulders, not that anyone will ever truly admit it. But Castiel has read the historical records, and he knows that they killed it. They polluted the world until it started to kill them back, forcing them to leave or risk dying with it.
“If I die…” Cas whispered, planting a soft kiss to his lips, “then I will fight through the void, I will crawl through hell and make my way back to you.” He stated it so matter-of-factly, as of it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“Thank you,” Cas said sincerely, holding his gaze for a moment longer. He closed his eyes, jaw clenched as he squeezed Dean’s hand tighter.
Ellen keeps rocking him until Dean gives up; until he’s too tired to fight and cry. All he can do now is sniffle and sag against her chest. There’s comfort in this, even if she’s not his
He stopped half way out the door, an odd shape passing over his peripheral vision. The hair on his neck pricked up as he took a slow step back. Sam was surprised he hadn’t seen it as soon as he entered the building, a dirty canvas draped over an odd lump in the far corner. Red stained the cloth — and a small hand could be seen protruding from under the sheet. Fuck.
looks down at the flat thing and taps it a bunch of times. “They are very unhappy with what you have done. You may be left in the calming room for a few days as punishment.”
Considering he was streaked in blood and dirt now, he figured he looked about as threatening as a house cat that had been left out in the rain.
The sand gave way to rocks, making the going a little more treacherous. The tree line provided more stable ground, and Dean took a moment to breathe and look around while he leaned on one of the tall, dark green trees.
The shade has been closed on the window since they retired to their roosts last night. According to the chrono-meter at the top of the screen of his desk, it is early morning. The sun should have risen a few hours ago, but Castiel was too absorbed in his lessons to think of opening the window.
According to everyone’s notes, Castiel is not surprised to learn that 1-M-7 does spend most of his time among the trees. He has rejected wearing his tunic, and is often seen wearing just the loincloth that was given to him. Sadly, 1-M-7 does not appear to be blending well with the rest of the tribe. Castiel has witnessed it himself as 1-M-7 avoids the members of the tribe while he thoroughly explores the entirety of the enclosure.
So, water is coming in at the top of the waterfall, and leaving the bottom of the pool through this slit. Is it the same water? Dean has no way of figuring out if that’s true, but that’s what he’s suspecting. Why wouldn’t it be
“Probably not,” Dean sighed, “She’s too juiced up for that — but it’ll probably hurt a hell of a lot more.”
different from what he used to wear back with his tribe, and what he wore for a lot of his time here before he outgrew it, but he still doesn’t like it. At least it keeps all his bits where they’re supposed to be, tucked safe and out of the way.
“Hey, hey…” Ellen’s voice is soft, but not soft enough to be lost by the sound of her shuffling a little closer. “I know this is a scary time for you, but it’s going to be okay. You’re part of our tribe now, and we’ll take good care of you.”
“Agent Martin, FBI. Can I ask you a few questions?” Dean asks and he leans casually on the counter. The blond nurse seems a bit nervous, but she nods anyway. Dean still can’t look away from the other one. She has dark hair, almost black and stunning blue eyes.
Not having full access to Dean’s most current information has been difficult, if only because Castiel was used to having it in the first place. Granted, he already has more than enough information about Dean to do his thesis. There is not much else that he needs aside from casual observations to monitor Dean’s growth during his time here. And that is all information that he can get from public record.
The longer he looks that way, the more his posture changes. Cas’s upper wings start curling forward over his shoulders and his shoulders drop bit by bit. Eventually, he drops his eyes to the flat thing in his hands. A long time passes before Cas sucks in his bottom lip slightly. Without looking up at anyone, he moves around the room until his back is to the
The angel started going faster and faster, driving Dean closer and closer until he had Dean writhing in the sheets. Suddenly he stopped and Dean was left shaking.
It shouldn’t have surprised Dean that Cas was a nature person, but he guessed he’d never really had the chance to realize it. Unfortunately, now that it was the winter months, snow littered the ground and chilled Dean’s skin whenever it was exposed to the open air. But lucky him, it just gave Cas an excuse to hold his hand and use his grace to warm him. Dean found that he enjoyed these walks. Sometimes they would walk in silence and others they would talk forever about their lives, their troubles, and the world.
Dean could do nothing but stare as Cas locked eyes with him, crawling up and on top of him, his face framed by the faint glow of light in the room, eyes blown wide so the blue was only a halo around the dark windows to his grace — and it was the hottest thing Dean had ever seen. Dean had done this many times to girls he’d slept with but having it done to him, he finally understood the appeal. The sheer strength that Cas possessed, it was so easy to forget how strong he was when he was as kind and gentle as a lamb. But under the soft wool lay the heart and power of a lion.
are still able to scurry back and forth between here and the big space on the other side. The space doesn’t seem big enough for him, if the rippling shimmers are anything to go by.
, shouting loudly as he’s standing over Dick. “Hitting a kid? It doesn’t matter what tribe you’re in, you don’t
She sagged back but recovered in record time, lashing out at him with her nails, grazing his cheek. Dean barely missed her second swing as she aimed for his leg. He jumped back, slicing her arm as he did so. She ignored the blood running from her arm, choosing instead to reach beneath her robes. The dagger glowed as white as ever in the moonlight, twisted blade taunting him as he remembered what had happened the first time her had seen it, what had started all this.
He shakes his head, trying to clear out the clouds settled between his ears, and rubs a hand over his face. That makes him stop, and Dean touches his face again. Surprisingly, it doesn’t hurt. Dean feels along his bottom lip, and he can’t find the place where it was split and bleeding before. He was definitely injured before, right? He didn’t imagine that, probably.
This aggravated her more, her lip curling, “That book had hundreds of years worth of magic! Do you know how much knowledge you’ve just destroyed?!”
“I know,” the angel huffed, “Please, I want to feel every bit of you.” Cas placed a shaky hand on Dean’s cheek. Dean looked up to meet Cas’s shining gaze. The smile on his face was light, free of any weight it previously held. No hard wrinkles or sad eyes, just happiness. Dean could not have been more grateful to be the reason for that smile.
Sam tried to move forward, but his feet were held in place. He cursed. “It wasn’t Cas who turned on us — he’s still there. It was
It was Sam’s turn to look away, tired and resigned, “I know what you mean…” He rested his chin on his knees, hair falling into his smoke ridden face, “I still think of Jess sometimes…”
Sam didn't move, the lighter still in his hand. He stared at the charm on his wrist. Had it stopped working? No, it couldn’t have. How did they find him?
“Take that one first,” she slowly lowered her finger and pointed it straight at Dean, “I’ll make the other one watch.”
“It almost looks too… nice for a Djinn? I mean we said it could be more than one, but I still feel like something is off.” Sam admits and Dean nods. Maybe they should test if the nurses and doctors remaining here are the possible creatures.
Castiel sighs and quickly undresses, removing both his pants and underclothes. He bundles them up and drops them into the recycler, watching them tumble down the tube that will eventually drop into the recycling hub where they will be broken down into matter to be used in the synthesizers. While Mother continues priming the decontamination unit, Castiel stands naked in the center of the room and is quietly grateful that his mother is not aware that he actually
“I will stay here.” Gabriel says and Sam wants to disagree with him, but then he sees the look on Gabriel’s face. He had just gotten his brother back and now Castiel is the one who is on the verge of dying.
him. Her smile is a little stressed and Dean recognizes that kind of smile. It’s the same kind of smile
isn’t there? Dean isn’t going to get to see him grow up. How tall is he going to be? Will he be taller or shorter than Dean? Or their
“No Sam, he is right. Let him go, if he really wants that.” Castiel snaps and Sam nods, before he sits down on the passenger seat. Dean glares back at Castiel and this time he doesn’t even get lost in the blue eyes.
“Just the little one.” Dean shrugs again and uses the stick in his hand to point up in the vague direction of the see-through bridge. “It’s always on the bridge, watching us. And it comes and watches me when I’m in The Alone Room.”
For now, maybe he’ll take a nap and think things over. He can explore some more later on, or set about making more rope. All he has to do is strip more vines off the wall and braid the thinner ones together. If he had a sharp rock, or a knife, he could split them into long pieces and braid
Castiel steps over to the corner where 1-M-7 normally sits. Gently, with all the care he can manage, he puts 1-M-7 down in the soft grass.
The two children in this enclosure, F-3 and F-4, are chasing each other across the field. Their wild laughter snorts of disgust from the other adults around him, but Castiel finds himself quietly envious of the freedom they have. Displays of such emotion are frowned upon, and his eidetic memory finds no time in his past when he has actually
lead Ellen into the room with the pile of furs. That’s when Dean starts squirming. “You can put me down.” He’s a big boy. He can walk on his own, but he does keep the tightest grip possible on Ellen’s hand, and he stays as close to her as he can.
Grace streamed from Cas’s body, flowing from his skin and spiraling up into the air, swirling in a vortex higher and higher. The cyclone of holy light condensed, swirling and swirling until it expanded. Streams of grace unfolded and spread in every direction. With the ease of ripping paper, the roof of the church was suddenly blown off and the walls crumbled. The grace began to solidify, the extended light settling into feathers then wings, form then physique. The body rose, eyes glowing, clawed hands unfurling like a deadly rose until the angel finally towered over them, in all his glory, a final roar piercing the air.
Dean set his course back towards land and didn’t stop until he was a few miles out. By the time he thought to pull in his remaining line most of his catch had been ruined, and his line was worse for wear. Still, nothing on the planet could have made him stop the boat and pull the line in after what he’d seen.
“Morning.” Dean grumbles, when he walks into the kitchen and his eyes widen, when he sees that there is already a nice smelling breakfast on the table. There is even some bacon in the middle of the table.
She sniffs one last time, straightens her shoulders, and looks at each of them in turn. “I’m Cassie, of the plains tribe.”
It was their own little universe here in Dean’s room, they were sleeping gods, safe and powerful with no force able to tear them apart. It wouldn’t always be that way when they faced the outside world again, but in all his long life Cas has never been more confident that in the end everything would be okay.
“I uh-…Have no idea.” Dean replied lamely, hefting the cooler out in front of him.” I come bearing gifts? Well, food anyway, which is better than a gift if you ask me.” He was rambling but seeing Castiel slowly sit up from the rock and crane his upper body over the side to peer down at Dean had that effect on him.
The shadow of the ironwood trees were a sweet relief from the desert of the open plains. Although only a couple degrees cooler (7.43
“No buts,” Dean intervened, “They’re gorgeous and hot as hell so we are definitely going to use those.”
“Could be.” Rufus puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder to keep him back when they come to a stop a bit of a ways from the door. “Don’t go rushing in on your own. You’ve gotta give them a chance to come out on their own first.”
Dean’s eyes widen when he sees Gabriel sitting next to him and he already believes this is just another nightmare as the door burst open and Sam comes in with Rowena. Sam is at his side in seconds and he hugs Dean almost too hard.
“Let go man,” his voice trembled as he ripped the hand off him. The figure let go, its grip slipping away and dropping to its side.
With that done, there is not much else for Castiel to do but get started on his lessons. It is barely midday, and he has no appetite to even consider getting something to eat. Castiel sighs and opens his lessons, projecting another screen from the top of his desk to assist in multitasking. On one screen he can begin his thesis, and the other he can have his lesson.
He could no longer see the bright shine of the angel he knew was hidden in the mist. Only the fire lay untouched by the grey shroud. It was growing, the dry brush feeding the hungry flames — but it wouldn't reach them, the breeze carrying it far in the opposite direction. The village before them would lay untouched, cursed to forever watch as time moved around it — no change, just the same night, again and again and again… Dean can’t imagine how Adahy stayed sane through the infernal loop.
He blinks at Dean for a moment before snorting harshly and shaking his head. Victor is the one who answers instead, dropping into place next to Dean. “You’ll be sleeping before you get three steps from them. Trust me, I know.” He holds out a bowl filled with mixed berries, some that Dean doesn’t recognize. “Eat.”
Ellen cups a hand around her mouth and drops her voice into a whisper. “I just spit it back into the cup.”
She cornered him while he was gardening to question him about it. She thought he was going to do something bad with it, like use it in his next fight with Dick. As much as Dean doesn’t like him, he wouldn’t use a
child for more. If it’s so interested in his health, it might go the extra distance to get him whatever he wants – even if it won’t let him go home.
give them the fish, or if they’ve always been here, or if they come through the tube at the end of the pool. Either way, he’s been able to eat these just fine. Maybe, if he took one of the potatoes from the baskets where they’re kept, he could let its shoots grow out. If he breaks it up and buries it, he could start growing his own. Maybe his body will let him eat the food that way, even if the original potato came from the
“Ugh. I hate this monkey suit.” Dean says, when he adjusts his tie. Sam just hums in agreement, while Castiel just watches Dean, eyes definitely on Dean’s neck. Dean swallows and embarrassed he turns around.
There are a few nurses still at the register and Dean walks towards them, already getting his fake badge out again. The blond nurse smiles at him, when he holds it up for her to see. She looks exhausted and Dean feels a second of sympathy, then he sees the other nurse watches him and then winks flirty. Dean grins back.
“You will not hurt them. Yes you’ve said that before, and look where we are now!” The witch’s command grew stronger, Dean could feel it weighing heavy on his conscious, making him dizzy. After a battle of wills, fought too quickly for Dean to even register, Cas fell to his knees. Sam grabbed Dean’s shoulder to keep him from moving towards him. “Cas!” he called. The angel held up his hand.
The vines shift, parting right down the middle, and Dean holds his breath to make sure that he doesn’t move. Ellen –
“They are blue.” Castiel says, when he enters the room directly and holds up the plastic bag. Sam takes a short look at the bag and then looks down at the sleeping man in the bed. He looks as old as Dean and as if he is just sleeping peacefully.
Dean sits unnaturally silent, his face confused and eyes widening at Cas’s statement. “Cas…” he says softly, all humor gone, “You know I’m not like them… I don’t think you’re weak or inferior or whatever. We’re just a little different.” He tries to crack a smile. “I just want to help you, Cas… I don’t like watching you get hurt.”
“Doesn’t matter, I don’t need your help anymore. I think you should go now.” Cas tears his eyes away and slumps back against the seat. From his peripheral’s, he watches Dean’s eyes and shoulders fall, looking like a kicked puppy. He stays there for a moment, waiting for Cas to say something else. When he doesn’t, the angel sighs. Then, in a flurry of wingbeats, he’s gone.
Dean’s stomach starts to ache partway through breaking up the lines. It clenches with hunger and he does his best to ignore it. The sooner he gets the seeds in the ground, the sooner the plants will start to grow, and the sooner he can eat what grows.
Though it will still be at least a few more years of lessons and the approval of his thesis before that will be a possibility, no matter how efficient Castiel is with his learning.
Mother turns away and taps at the PADD, silencing the trill of the incoming message. Castiel knows it must be flagged as important, otherwise it would have only beeped a few times and then fallen silent. He is about to return to his lessons when his mother’s upper wings nearly double in size and her lower wings spread out in surprise. When he reaches out to touch her
They both sat silently in the church, the moonlight spilling in through the dusty stained glass windows. Cobwebs laced the pews and altar , veiling the wood like a mourning widow. It was cold and dark but for a moment, it was peaceful.
Though it may be unlikely that they will ever build a city on the ground, he does wonder if they will ever build another floating city. It would be the only way for them to finally expand upon their numbers.
He goes back out to the edge of the tree line, just enough for him to be able to see the see-through bridge again. The
“You’ll migrate back this way next season right?” Dean tries to reason, “You could stop by then before going north?”
“Testing.” Dean shrugs and puts aside another strip. “They’re testing us to check our health and stuff. They wanna make sure we’re not sick, and that we’re growing right.”
Whoever is holding him doesn’t say anything. He just carries Dean across the field to the tents. Dean squirms and kicks the whole way. Ellen has a big clay pot hanging above the fire, and Dean can smell the stew she’s making.
And I want to say thank you to everyone who's been sticking with and enjoying the story so far :) I might try and sketch some art for some chapters if I can. I'll see what I can squeeze in ;) Thank you guys!
Finally, he closes his eyes and mumbles the words: “Dean, It’s me, Castiel. I’m in a bit of a situation here. I would very much appreciate if you —”
Cas paused for a moment once Dean was completely freed, showing the same admiration Dean had shown him, but to Dean’s surprise Cas leaned forward and Dean gasped as Cas’s hands were suddenly brushing down his stomach to his groin and his thighs.
“Oh I’m sorry, just because you normally fly with a broom.” Gabriel says and snickers quietly. Rowena just shoots him a look and Gabriel shuts up. Sam wishes he could laugh about this, but at the moment he is just worried.
Though all that hard work will ultimately be for naught. The caretakers will not have to do anything to stop him either.
The creature’s head tilted, and he leaned closer still. Dean bit back a whimper at the invasion. Instead, he grit his teeth, angling his face away as the snake-thing bowed close.
“They’re studying us.” Frank finally speaks; a gruff huff from inside his tent. “They take measurements and track how we grow and age.”
His shouting cuts off in the middle of a demand when a noise behind him catches his attention. Dean turns around just in time to see the door Ellen had pointed at slide away. Pieces of it fold in on themselves, sliding away neatly into the wall and leaving most of a circle cut out in the wall. Various vines of different types of ivy hang in the way, blocking the view of whatever might be waiting for him on the other side. He can hear voices and Dean seizes up for a moment, but just a moment, before he sprints for the furs again.
For a second he expects the worst, but then he feels a rush of water. “Oh my god,” he sighs in relief. Sam was still alive. “Cas!” he calls, “I found him!”
Sam sighed, taking a deep breath as he stared intently at the floor. “Yes,” he replied quietly, “Until we think of something else.”
Rowena stands up and uses her other hand to dust off the embroidered skirt she’s wearing. “You want lil ol’ me to go with you?” She squeezes his hand. “I’m honoured.”
Sam closed his eyes, bowing his head. The bloody t-shirt dropped to the floor as Sam ran a hand through his hair. “I just don’t want to watch you die Dean — I’m afraid… you can’t rely on Cas being able to hold back…”
All the specimens of the enclosure are sitting around the campfire, talking too quietly for him to hear. While they may have cameras built into the edging of the bridge that are focused on following the various specimens, primarily used for observation and monitoring of health, there are no microphones to listen to what is said. Castiel can zoom in with the cameras and try to read their lips, but even his interest in their languages is not enough to quell that turn of his stomach when watching mouths move.
He turns his face into the gentle breeze that drifts through the air and sniffs. It smells like… nothing he recognizes. “Does it rain?”
There’s not much Dean can hear over the drum of water against his head. The shouting was mostly muffled by it, but now there’s a high pitched humming whine that breaks through it all. It’s a sound that Dean hasn’t heard in a very long time. Even though he’s already been captured by them, Dean’s blood still runs cold at the sound of the flying metal thing that came with the
Something whirrs quietly on the other side of the room, and he immediately drops his head to see what it is. The small-ish circle is
Once he’s finished the food and his stomach doesn’t feel so hollow anymore, Dean gets to his feet. He can’t stand the feel of the soft cloth of these clothes that don’t belong to him. His eyelids feel heavy and he sways in place as he kicks out of the leggings and undoes the tie on the loincloth. He still finds it hard to believe that they took the loincloth he was wearing this morning. The
