And he needed to know if he could save his heart. God, there might be a cure for his heart condition. Nothing was more important than that, right this moment. The rest could wait. He ignored Cap’s tentative step forward and took Stark aside and whispered urgently:
“Here I was, talking to a beautiful redhead, when you send me a distress signal, and what do I see when I enter the castle? Rogers is throwing extremely dangerous spells around, and you’re attempting to
Steve knew he was red as a tomato by now.
“Or not, I mean, you don’t have to, I can find someplace else to—”
Steve looked away when he saw that Stark was awake. He was inspecting his hands in silence, turning them this and that way, tracing the edges of cuts and burns. He sighed and looked up at Steve, sporting a crooked smile.
Tony had never heard of any avengers, or their mansion for that matter. Now what? There were two Tony Starks, who clearly lived different lives, and no way to explain why.
He barely took the time to ensure that the weredog wouldn’t escape before he rushed out through the door, paying no heed to Jarvis’ protests.
Steve ducked his head.
, of all people, he doesn’t have to say.
“I know what’s happening!” Stark exclaimed,”At least, it’s the best theory I have right now. Reed was telling me about his latest research into quantum mechanics and his suspicions that there might be multiple universes, and I think that you just proved him right. If you’re from another, parallel universe, then it makes sense that you are me and I am you. Reed is going to love this.”
thank you for the kind comments, I hope this story will live up to the expectations. :)
He frowned at James.
The admission made Steve’s breath short. He had guessed correctly, and he had been almost sure that he’d been right when he’d asked Jarvis but hearing it from the fire demon made it undeniably real.
His dreams weren’t peaceful.
Steve, after gently lowering Tony to a chair, tried to approach the weredog, but he showed his teeth at him. He wanted to be left alone, then.
Stark looked at him, his haunted eyes belying his shaky smile.
He’s slept maybe six hours, which all in all isn’t that bad. He got the rest he didn’t need, and his mind is still exhausted beyond reason. He doesn’t want any of this. Doesn’t want to be in bed, doesn’t want to get out of bed, doesn’t want to deal with the outside world.
“When I met you at Shield, I’d just managed to turn into a man for the first time since the Witch discarded me. I told Natasha about your curse, but then I changed just as Stark came to court her. I was so angry, I thought—the Witch had cursed me because of him, and now he was stealing my—so I attacked him. I’m sorry, Stark, I didn’t know you weren’t actually courting her. Natasha explained it to me after Steve and you had left. She told me that you had approached her to ask about Steve.”
He walked out of the blue door and looked at the surroundings. The street was empty, which wasn’t surprising, since it had never been very frequented. There was the door to his shop, the one he’d always used to walk in and out, but there was a door that he didn’t recognise on the other side of the window. He opened it, and it led to the shop itself.
It wouldn’t hurt anybody but himself. Steve will never know, and Tony can live with a little extra shame. He already knows he’s not a good man, after all.
God, maybe she had come in and talked nonsense about the spell because she just wanted to see him. What if she’d fallen in love? What if she’d walked into the castle so easily because Tony had given her his permission, and that she’d been so insistent about waiting for him because she had fallen for Tony?
He turned to Jarvis, good, reliable Jarvis, who always had an answer for him.
But he did say that he had an emergency come up. What’s the protocol again? Check-up after 4 hours? 8 hours? 24 hours?
“You were.. frozen? Does it have something to do with how you’re dressed?”
Steve stood up, intending to walk towards Jarvis, when a low groan caught his attention. James was grimacing, his eyes squeezed shut, his left hand flexing. He tried to stand up with an aborted cry, but his body didn’t seem to be cooperating: with a jerk, he slammed down on his bench again, chest heaving. He gritted his teeth and growled, eyes flashing desperately, but the next moment, his posture was ramrod straight, and Steve knew he wasn’t himself anymore.
Steve realised he better come up with something before all hell broke loose.
Iron Man grumbled a bit but came to the same conclusion as Tony: Cap wasn’t going to budge on his belief that this
“Maybe he hit his head and has temporary amnesia. We can ask Jarvis to make him tea and let him rest, and one of us can see with Thor if he can send us Doctor Blake. We’re going to figure this out, Mr. Stark.”
Steve figured that he had nothing to lose. Maybe the fire demon could help him with the curse.
“I just, I don’t get you, Tony! I really don’t get what’s going on in your head. I really thought I did, during those last months, but it was all just a fucking lie and I can’t trust a single thing you say and I don’t know what I’m supposed to do and—did you laugh, when you told Strange to wipe me? Did you laugh, when you put me in my bed and then woke me up after I was having nightmares? I bet that was hilarious, watching me flounder around. Knowing I didn’t know what was really going on. I bet you must have felt real superior. Did it feel good, to do something behind my back? Are you that petty, Tony? That you can’t accept that I’m the head of SHIELD, so you go making your own group just to go behind my back? FUCK. This isn’t getting us ANYWHERE! AND STOP STARING AT ME LIKE THAT! SAY SOMETHING, GODDAMMIT!”
Tony still wasn’t looking at Steve, who was busy trying to understand the implications of what James had just told them.
Someone whispered in his ear:
“This is it. Do you know what kind of spell it is? I’ve heard you are a capable magician.”
The crack widened. Something was coming closer, Steve thought. He couldn’t really—
“Don’t worry about it. Water under the bridge, and all that. Besides, I don’t really bla—anyways. Don’t mind the jars. It was just a little cosmetic spell, something to nurture my vanity, you know how it is. Don’t want anyone to see ugly burns or scars, right? It would hurt my reputation.”
Tony wonders what Yinsen would say to him now, lusting after Steve, ready to kill or be killed over a few drops of blood.
Stark, calmer now that some of the mystery around Tony had cleared, stared at a point in space, deep in thought. Cap himself was looking between Tony and Stark like he couldn’t quite believe what he was seeing. Tony tried to come up with a reasonable explanation for his current predicament. He was coming up depressingly empty-handed. He really hoped there was a way to make the key bring him back to his own world. What had Stark said? No magic, but weird energy readings? That was a start, wasn’t it?
All the clues were pointing to the same conclusion: Tony had given Jarvis his heart.
The time flew, and Steve painted.
We've come halfway through!
skull. Steve suppressed a shiver at the sight. Was that the last remains of one of Stark’s victims?
If they moved but an inch, the suits would fire.
Time is slipping away, and Tony hasn’t said a word.
Tony carried the other vase and followed Steve into the shop, where he helped him make the last adjustments. He added a touch of magic here and there: the flowers would stay fresh, he assured Steve, and he put small blue fires in the lamps. It gave the shop an ethereal feel, with blue as the only light source, but Steve thought it would look good in broad daylight.
This was a conversation that Steve couldn’t take part in. He looked over at James, who was watching his left arm pensively. Steve could understand. It’d been so easy for Strange to change back into his old self, he’d just needed to touch a skull. Or was it his own skull? That was…uncomfortable to think about. But Steve had no idea how he could break his own curse, or James’, for that matter. Tony’s curse wasn’t going away on its own either. From where he stood, the marks were clearly visible on Tony’s throat and even his face. He didn’t have long, even if the third condition of his curse wasn’t met before the end of the day.
The last words were uttered in a voice that wasn’t his own, a voice devoid of emotion, cold and dead. He’d stopped moving, and Steve and Tony with him.
He tried to slam the door closed, his throat choked up from the panic, but she held it open effortlessly, her fingers gripping the wood hard enough to splinter it. Steve turned away from her, tried to warn the others, but before he could move, she’d jumped past him, sinking her claws into James’ arm, her body shifting until it was more fire than flesh. Tony and Strange surged up from their seats when they saw her, but she had a claw-like hand circling James’ throat, constricting his breathing, digging into his skin. His chest was heaving, and he scrabbled uselessly at her arms, burning himself in the process. She burned a bright red-orange, the glow much stronger than Jarvis’ feeble blue.
Steve approached the front gate and wasn’t surprised when he saw the gravure in the plaque: STARK MANOR, it read.
He turned to look at the castle, but the door he had just closed wasn’t attached to a monstrous building. Instead, there was a small shop window, with flowery letters painted on it that proclaimed it was
Tony chuckled wetly at that.
Decide what this is about
“Jarv—hey, Jarvis, are you—
Steve had never seen a spell like that. Should he follow the instructions? What would that entail? Was he supposed to catch falling stars and teach someone to hear mermaids singing? Should he decide what the spell was about and write the second verse? But what would the second verse even be?
He gripped Steve by the arms.
Steve explained.
Steve could argue that the mess was his fault too, for trying to catch a star, for running to Tony, for putting the idea into his head that he had to find him.
He was right. If the King sent him on a mission to fight the Witch, she would have more chances to kill him or curse him further. Steve had to help him.
Now that he thought of it, he could see the towers and battlements that hinted at a fortress or castle.
“What do you mean, tried to follow the instructions?”
“If I accept, what would you have me do?”
Steve’s hand rubs on Tony’s arm, the sheet still between them. Steve’s heat dies before it can warm Tony up.
Tony was clenching his jaw, staring resolutely at Jarvis, who flared up briefly before sighing explosively.
He thrust the shield in Steve’s hands, who gripped it in surprise. Stark had made this for him?
“Amazing. Well, I wouldn’t want to be in your way. Thanks for the breakfast!” With those words, he whirled out through the door, a slight trail of light the only sign he’d ever been in the room to begin with.
It’s a matter of days before Tony’s life as he knows it ends. Tony isn’t even trying to be polite about his hunger anymore. Every time he and Steve are in the same room, he doesn’t look away from the super-soldier. Several times now, he’s licked his lips unconsciously while watching Steve, as JARVIS has told him. Tony wants to gorge himself on Steve, and he wants Steve to know it.
Steve instantly knew that he was in the presence of the guild leader, Lord Nicholas Fury. He was renowned for his excellent intelligence work and faithful service to the King. Rumours had it he had been instrumental in defeating the invading forces of the Hydra kingdom ten years ago. He was not a man to be trifled with, to put it shortly. Steve stood up and bowed slightly, to which Lord Fury responded with a curt nod.
“That’s good. I’m going to the workshop, just yell if you need me.”
Does he really believe that Extremis erased Tony?
It would have annihilated every single effort and sacrifice that Tony has made to control the damage of the SHRA. The public would never have trusted Captain America, and consequently all superheroes, again. It would have destroyed them. Everything that Tony has worked so hard to prevent, would have happened.
Stephen—The Sorcerer Supreme—believed me and saw for himself that the desert was growing. He wanted to find another way to stop the sand and was looking for a way to magically restrict the Waste when the Witch attacked him. Being too close to her territory was his downfall. If he’s still alive, he’s somewhere in there, inside her castle.
Why was everything and everyone determined to make Steve’s life so miserable? Was it not enough to be born first? Or was that the reason for all his misfortune?
He was lying, but why? Why did he want Steve to think the worst of him?
Steve whirled around to gape at Tony. Had he heard that right? Tony resolutely stared at the ground, missing the way James turned towards him.
Tony can’t help himself, he runs to Steve, needs to touch him, make sure he isn’t dead, feel his warmth, feel his heart. He collides with Steve, hands roaming over his chest and face, and they’re so close together they could kiss—
Steve felt faint at her words. It had been a trap, after all, but that meant that she didn’t have Tony. He was still safe, she didn’t have him, he could still make it out, it could still work out fine, he just needed to let Steve go, she didn’t have him, it was all good.
Steve doesn’t want to see Tony.
It’s 06:16.
Tony’s blood freezes in his veins. There is. There is the possibility that
He was alone, so completely alone in this ocean of reflections. There were shapes dancing in the sky, diving into the water, exploding into a million colours upon touching the surface. They were like small suns, if suns were a rainbow of colours, violet playing with pink and green and blue and orange and red and yellow. Steve turned around, watching the stars fall around him, and listened. There was a whispering melody in the air, a faint chime every time a star plunged into the water. Their lights disappeared into the darkness when they touched the surface, a dying spark the only sign that there had ever been a star.
Stark had helped many, Jarvis said, and Steve believed him.
“Maybe he’s just a clone, or a look-alike. Or he could have been mind-wiped—”
“We’re moving the castle, changing our addresses so that the Witch won’t find us,” Tony explained briskly, then paused as Steve furrowed his brow.
Thor’s lighting strikes, and his electricity amplifies one of the armour’s unibeams tenfold. Steve raises his shield above his head and the beam reflects harmlessly on the vibranium surface instead of disintegrating his head, reflects into Tony’s chest, and he feels the intense heat and knows the RT core is overheating and they’re all done fo—
But then he saw that wherever there was slime on the ground, shadows pooled around it. They seemed to come from the slime, rising up from the floor and growing taller, crawling up the walls, reaching for Steve’s feet. He almost tripped when one brushed his ankle and tried to curl around it. They were morphing into menacing forms with sharp claws and pointy teeth, whispering unintelligible words. They gave away the same aura as the black door, and Steve knew he couldn’t let them touch him.
“You got us out of the jet, remember?” Steve’s hands are gentle as he applies the adhesive bandages.
Steve turned his head toward Tony. “What flavor?”
Tony returned his smile. “Your favorite: generic blue flavor.”
Steve ducked his head as he chuckled. “Does this mean I’m free to go?”
“You okay, Tony?” Bruce stands up, heading towards the bar.
Steve glanced around the workshop, feeling uncertain. It wasn’t like quickly undressing in front of Tony was something he hadn’t done before. In the space of the workshop, though, he felt… exposed, somehow.
That gets him a smile, and
The sound of that familiar, modulated voice cut through Steve’s pleasure-laden haze. He glanced away from the creature to find Tony in the armor standing in the room’s entrance. It was a disorienting contrast to everything Steve had been experiencing up until now.
“I’m fine,” he answered through gritted teeth.
Steve couldn’t help it, his back arched again as he sought out Tony’s heat on his cock. They groaned in unison when the head of Steve’s cock finally pushed through the tight ring of muscle. Even after all of his preparation, Tony was so wet and
Steve hummed in assent, and Tony assumed that he was going to sleep. A minute later, though, he spoke up.
Steve did as he was told, pulling his shirt off of his head and tossing it off to the side. “And?” Steve asked, looking down expectantly.
Steve holds out his hand, smiling wide when Tony takes it. Bucky’s right, maybe he could use a ‘break.’
“Very sure,” the man answers. He bares his throat again, but this time Steve can tell it’s deliberate—an omega showing submission to entice an alpha.
Steve couldn’t help laughing, though it sounded delirious and almost manic to his ears. “Tony, you’re really something else. You know that?”
Steve blinks a few times as the words register. He steps back and gestures to the couch that serves as the divider between the kitchenette and living room. “Sure. If you don’t mind the mess…”
Steve laughed and nudged the big bag of electronics next to him. “Yeah, something tells me not many people can beat you on that topic.”
Steve could feel his eyebrows practically hit his hairline. He shouldn’t have been surprised, and, well, this
Steve took a drink from his water bottle and glanced down at Natasha next to him with a lopsided smile. “I hope so.”
“Mmm?” Tony asked as he pulled back a bit. He glanced up at the clock above Steve’s head on the wall. “Oh yeah, guess it is.” He pressed a kiss to Steve’s chin before moving down to his neck. “Merry Christmas to you, too, Steve,” he murmured into Steve’s neck.
Blondie’s eyebrows draw together adorably. “That’s what took out the power?”
Here's the wonderful art that inspired this fic:
“Mmmm,” Tony murmurs against Steve’s neck. “Way to make a guy feel special.”
He resisted the urge to cover himself. That would only make it more obvious. If he’d been flushed before, he knew he was beet red by now. Maybe talking here had been a bad idea.
“And?”
Steve did his best to remain still as he felt Tony gently poke around.
date his employees. He decides to blame his oncoming heat for how all these thoughts are going right to his dick. And who knows, maybe this guy is a contractor working on the building? Which means he wouldn’t technically be an employee… Tony shakes his head as he slams the brakes on that train of thought. Shit like this is why he
Steve ran a hand over his face, which he knew must be beet red, by now. Ducking his head a bit, he let his gaze drift to the rumpled bed sheets behind Tony as he thought back to that night. Every slight movement of Tony’s hand inside of him had sent sparks of pleasure racing through him. Once Tony had gotten his hand all of the way inside of him and against his prostate, he’d barely lasted another thirty seconds. It had been one of the best orgasms of his life and one of the few times he’d gone to bed feeling truly sated.
The sudden segue caught Steve by surprise. “Now?”
That’s when he hears a knock at the door. He stops for a moment before deciding to ignore it. Bucky’s out with their friends tonight, which makes it more likely to be a solicitor or some overly eager proselytizer.
“No, uh, he’s alive. I tied him up pretty well and threatened to keep shooting with the laser webs. Friday is also guarding him with one of your suits. Besides, he’s not really putting up a fight…says he wants to talk to you.”
The next sentence drove a knife into his heart, the kind that was painful, dull and ragged, meant to inflict as much pain as possible. “But I guess sometimes that’s not enough,” Tony uttered, just under a whisper, but it echoed like a detonated bomb in Steve’s ears.
The clean air filled his lungs and the slight breeze caressed his hair, giving him a bed-head look, no doubt. He’d forgone a haircut since they’d been in Canada, but he didn’t mind the rogue curls, he now sported. After twenty minutes of walking, he heard the gentle bubbling of a waterfall and began to walk towards it. It lead him to a small clearing, crystal water forming a nice swimming hole.
Always listening, Friday interjected, as if offended, ”Well not as good as me, Sir. I do more than babysit.” Tony outright laughed at that. His AI’s embodied snark and he wouldn’t have it any other way. “Of course, you’re my best girl, sweetheart.”
Tony’s brown eyes studied him for a moment. “What about my body language gave that impression? Did I look uncomfortable?”
“I have to see him,” Steve replied. “He needs to know how sorry I am, that I never meant to hurt him. Maybe it’s selfish on my part, but I don’t know what else to do.”
Tony shook his head and chuckled. “You have to apologize to Dean, you know?”
“Whoah, that’s incredible, Mister Stark! 576?! And who’s Karen?”
“I take it you’re happy there? You have no idea how relieved I am to hear that. Your eating habits are ridiculous. Where is the boy, by the way? You didn’t leave him at the market, did you,” Rhodey asked him jokingly.
Sorry I've been absent these past few weeks. I was juggling too much and needed to take a step back. Mental health is important, guys! Here's this to tide you over until next update, which might be ready by the end of the week :)
Two months later:
He was tempted to jump in. He hadn’t been swimming in what felt like years. Maybe it’d help clear his head. Oh, what the hell? He toed off his sneakers and socks, setting them on a large rock. His shirt and pants followed, leaving him in his boxer-briefs. The new arc reactor mirrored the blue of the water.  He took a deep breath, then jumped from his place on the rock.
The dark-haired man had his eyes closed, a pained expression carved onto his face. He was trying to steady his breathing. Steve couldn’t take it. He strained against the confining webs. They bit into his body, but he pushed as hard as he could until they snapped. Tony’s eyes flew open at that and he immediately jumped back.
“What do you want? Just say whatever you’re going to say. It’s not going to change anything.”
The kid’s face was the last thing he saw before he blacked out.
When they stepped back inside the barn, they were armed with an assortment of fruits and vegetables, fresh eggs, cheese, basic spices, bacon and dried meats, the bread and honey, and a large portion of vegetable soup and an entire wild-berry pie a bubbly mother of five had insisted they must accept. Bless Canadians.
A week after THAT happened:
The drive to town was beautiful. Everything was lush and green, something they hadn’t been able to appreciate as it was late when they had arrived there the night before. The ground was dotted with wildflowers and Peter jumped in his seat, amazed when he saw a moose. Tony had been a city boy all his life, but as long as he had some sort of place to engineer and tinker with things, he could imagine staying in the mountains forever.
Before Tony could answer, Rhodey interjected. “Enough, Rogers. Time for you to leave.”
“I’ll give you a quick tour, though.” Peter quickly followed as Tony began to walk toward the lab area. Tony turned to the boy. “There are all sorts of test tubes, containers, chemicals, and whatever else you might need,” the engineer explained. “If you ever need anything that’s not here, we can always order it. It won’t be delivered here, but we can pick it up.  I’m not really the alchemist but I know you like all this stuff, so this will pretty much be your space.”
“Hmm suits you, human. Well Steven, I suggest you find your way home now. I hope you have learned your lesson.” Steve nodded, a weight lifting off his body. And oh wow it didn’t hurt to breath anymore!
. Yet, he’d been talking to that, admittedly, attractive man for the past half hour.
Dean smiled and held out his hand. Steve shook it and tried to muster a semblance of a polite smile. “Cap, Dean Winchester. He’s here all the way from Kansas.”
“Hey, as far as the locals know, I am his dad. I’ve adopted him for the summer!”
“Okay,” he said defeatedly. Okay, I’ll go.” He wanted to look at Tony one more time, but the genius had turned away from him and started walking up the stairs. He didn’t turn back once and was soon out of view. Steve sighed, nodded to Rhodey warily and walked out the door, his feet threatening to betray him, but he pressed on, until he was hidden by the trees.
“Nothing. You usually don’t talk to people for that long at these things and I thought he might have been nagging you. Just wanted to give you a way to escape.”
“Rhodey yes. Sorry, Tones.” He turned back to glare at the super soldier. “You see, Rogers, this man is so damn selfless that he’s working to get all of you pardoned and allowed back. The others, they didn’t leave Tony to die so I’m not really worried about them, but you— you don’t deserve anything he has to give.”
“I know you do, hot stuff.” Tony smiled at him before closing the distance between them, and leaned his head on the soldier’s chest. They stayed that way, in their own happy world for a few moments.
Tony casually slung his arm around the boy’s shoulder as they made their way to the barn. Peter didn’t smile. Nope, not at all.
“I was jealous, okay!”
**************************************************************************************************************
*****************
Steve hung his head in shame. “Sorry, Tony. I didn’t mean to,” he said, putting on his best “sad puppy” face. Tony rolled his eyes and sighed. “What’s going on?”
Oh. OH. Rhodey was going to kill Rogers. Geeze, all he wanted was a summer in the mountains with his kid… no, the kid. Now, he was going to probably have to help Rhodey hide the body of America’s golden boy because, honestly, Tony doubted he could muster the energy to  hold him back. Damn it, Rogers.
All too soon, Tony pulled away, cheeks flushed and eyes sparkling. “You mean like that?” He smirked cheekily.
The billionaire freed himself and turned around sharply. “What the—.”
One of the two was Tony, of course. He was wearing a charcoal black suit with a heather green dress shirt that accentuated his olive skin. His hair, curly since he’d grown it out a bit, was artfully styled. Steve didn’t know why that other man was still talking to the billionaire. He certainly didn’t have any business touching Tony’s arm.
Tony rolled his eyes, but couldn’t refrain from chuckling. God, how had Pepper and Rhodey put up with his dramatic ass all these years. “Just try it, Spider-Kid,” he said, as he poured himself a cup of the onyx goodness. “DUM-E can make you one. He doesn’t put motor oil in them anymore, but I’d proceed with caution.”
“Morning, Mister Stark,” Peter greeted cheerfully. “The coffee is fresh. I took the liberty of making some. I mean, it should be considered a food group. I’m pretty sure my body is 80% coffee.”
Tony and Peter had been on the farm for close to three weeks, now and had settled into a a routine of sorts. Tony would tease Peter to no end and Peter eagerly soaked up everything the engineer showed him, asking questions and voicing his own animated thoughts.
“Maybe I still love you. I can’t imagine a universe where Tony Stark doesn’t love Steve Rogers. But in this universe, I can’t. I can’t let you in again. Not like that. So no, Steve, I don’t know what “us” looks like anymore. Maybe, one day, we’ll be able to have some sort of friendship, and I promise that as your teammate, I’ll always be there. But right now, I can’t look at you without seeing you over me, hitting me over and over. I can’t bear the thought of you touching me. Because I’ll be back there- in the bunker and it feels like I can’t breathe.”
He was getting restless, being tied up, but he told the kid he wasn’t going to put up a fight. So he waited. It had only been about an hour, yet it felt like years. Finally, two sets of steps came down the stairs and
“Guy’s quite the looker, huh?” Steve grunted and she took that as a cue to continue. “Can’t say I blame Stark for getting lost in those pretty green eyes. And those lashes? Oh, boy.” She smiled wickedly. “He’s all cleaned up, but you just know he works with his hands.”
This is the end! This story didn't turn out exactly like I'd imagine, but I felt that I needed to finish it so here it is. As always, feel free to leave kudos, comments, or prompts!
“Yeah well, he doesn’t deserve it, Tones.”
“Oh silly sunshine. I suspect you know I will not give you my name.” Steve turned to leave, shoulders sagging in disappointment. He heard an amused chuckle and stopped. “But I suppose you may call me Éamon.”
“I wasn’t there in Siberia,” Rhodey said quietly.
The walk back to the jet would have been entirely serene, if it weren’t for the storm of thoughts in his head. Thousands of stars glittered brightly overhead, specks of happiness against the midnight sky, as if mocking his sadness. He could make out the tumbling of a nearby waterfall and it helped soothe him. He let some of pain flow along with the water. He needed a plan, he decided. He hadn’t thought things through before running at Tony and look where that got him.
Steve smiled joyously. Èamon, a form of Edward. “It suits you,” he echoed the fairy’s earlier words to him. Èamon smirked and Steve just had to know— “Will I ever see you again?”
T’Challa saw the pained expression on the other man’s face. “Are you okay, Captain?”
“I’m fine. No pain. My PT is progressing faster than projected and the alterations you made to the suit are perfect, okay?”
He really should have thought this through, but too late. Faster than he’d like, he found himself in front of Tony and the green-eyed Bond. “Uh, Tony, could I talk to you for a minute,” he breathed out. “Alone,” he added at Tony’s expectant look.
After what felt like minutes later, his phone rang three times before he noticed. It was Rhodey. Unprompted, Friday cut the music. “Fri, put him through.”
Pepper laughed softly and then followed in a serious tone because she knew how self-deprecating her best friend could be.  “Yes, actually, I can. You’re brilliant, Tony, and Peter will learn loads with you. I’m happy you’re doing this. I think it will be good for you.”
“Mister. Stark? There’s something you should know…”
him. It broke Steve’s heart, the shards puncturing his chest a little deeper every time.
“Easy, sunshine. Magic, remember? And well, I do enjoy a good festival. So.. dance?”
They both headed up the stairs and walked toward their respective rooms. “Good night, Mister Stark,” Peter called out before he retried into his. “Night, Kid,” Tony replied.
By the time he reached the small aircraft, he’d made up his mind—he wasn’t going to leave. Steven Grant Rogers didn’t give up, damnit! He’d stick around, but leave Tony alone for a few days. Maybe if he gave him some time, they could talk more calmly. Hopefully, Rhodey would go back to New York. He knew T’Challa warned him about letting Tony be, but this couldn’t be it for them. He would try to approach Tony again and if he still told Steve to leave, then he would.
He was about to call for Peter, when the boy appeared next to him, wearing his suit. “There’s definitely someone here,” he said, still scanning,”And he’s getting closer. Almost here. Get ready.”
“Yes, sorry… No I don’t need new armor. When I do, Shuri will be the first to know,” he said. “I actually wanted to ask for a favor. I know you’ve already done so much, helping Bucky—”
“Language!”
____________________________________________________________________________
Tony smiled just as brightly, thankful for the human ray of sunshine standing in the kitchen. “Everything is perfect.”
“I don’t even know what “us” means. What were we? A pair of broken men trying to piece each other together only to break each other again? I admit that I didn’t go about the Accords the right way, but you couldn’t trust me to know what I was doing, to work them in our favor, with time. Yet I placed all my trust in you, when I shouldn’t have. You lied. You lied and even as my partner, as the love of my life not only  did you decide for me, but you chose someone else over me. Instead of working to find a way where you didn’t have to choose. You could have told me and asked for my help.  Do you know what it felt like? To be left behind, alone, broken— to see you walking away?”
Steve couldn’t dam the tears that fell from his eyes, hot and angry tracks, tiny streams of his sins.
That’s how Tony found himself driving to Canada with Peter. He had convinced the boy’s aunt to let him out of her sight for four months, telling her he was offering Peter an exclusive opportunity to intern for him abroad, all expenses paid. The teenager was over the moon, of course, unfailing to mumble an embarrassed expression of gratitude at least once an hour. Tony had found and subsequently purchased an isolated farm in Canada’s wilderness. Sure, he could have had his private jet fly them in, but he wanted to be as off the radar as possible. He couldn’t be completely off, of course. Ross would go nuts. Rhodey agreed to keep the fort down in that aspect and Tony made himself reachable to Ross for emergencies on a secure, untraceable line. He did plan it out, see? Oh, and he left that stupid, relic of a phone with Rhodey. He would never need Steve Rogers. Right?
, helped me find my place in this future that was so loud and unfamiliar. You let me in. I went about things in a horrible, horrible way, but please believe that I never wanted any of this to happen. Bucky- he was innocent and I couldn’t let him die, not again.”
“We move on, Steve.” Tony was aware that was the first time he’d call the super-soldier by his first name since, well since
Steve still had so many questions but Éamon was here. He was here and he wanted to dance with him. Who was he to refuse? He took his fairy’s hand and led them to the edge of the dancing. Éamon grinned so beautifully, eyes illuminated by the firelight. He wrapped his arms around Steve and the blonde instantly felt that familiar, magical warmth. Then, the ghost of Éamon’s breath near his ear.
“Of course,” Peter replied. The older man began walking out of the kitchen as he said, “Let’s get dressed and I’ll meet you downstairs in 15.”
“Nice to meet you, Captain Rogers,” Dean drawled. Damn, even the guy’s voice was attractive. “Uh- you, too, Mr. Winchester,” Steve replied stiffly. Dean chuckled “Call me Dean.” Winchester raised an eyebrow and frowned at the soldier’s silence and rigid stance. “Who pissed on your shield this morning?”
Finally, someone who understands, Tony thought, amused. It’s a genius thing, he supposed. He almost voiced his agreement, but thought he should make sure Peter had proper nutrition. “It’s definitely mind fuel, kid, but you should drink a kale smoothie every once in a while. They’re actually not that bad.” See, he could be a good influence!
“Okay… okay, but if you need me, just call.” Peter looked between the two men one last time and headed upstairs. As soon as he was out of sight, the engineer turned back to face Steve.
The boy scrunched up his nose and looked at him as if Tony had insulted Aunt May. “It is the nectar of the gods and it would be blasphemous of me to drink a grass smoothie!”
“That is so cool,” Peter exclaimed, eyes shining. “I’ve always wanted to make one.” “I mean, I’ve done some small stuff at school, but nothing like this!” Tony studied his beaming face and thought back to when he was 15. Had he really been that young once? It seemed like a lifetime ago. “By all means, go nuts, kid. It’s what this is all here for.” Peter was about ready to dive in right then. “But not tonight. You need to sleep,” Tony amended.”
How rich. Steve Rogers wanted to talk. Hmph. That was some great
Rhodey looked at him as if to say “I dare you”.
At that, Steve finally snapped. He huffed and put his drink down, having made up his mind. “I’ll be back,” he growled at Nat before sauntering off, toward Tony. The spy smirked, satisfied with her work. They didn’t call her Black Widow for nothing.
“I told you I was never going to drop it, Stank.” Tony faked a huff, but could never really be annoyed by his best friend. “Did you only call to laugh at me? Oh, I know, you miss me, don’t you, honey-bear?”
Without warning, Tony fell to the ground, hyperventilating helplessly.  He couldn’t breathe.
Yet here he was, all because he couldn’t back down from a challenge. Some of the village teens picked on him because he was smaller and asthmatic. They dared him to spend an hour in the forest, “He won’t make it
When he opened his eyes, he was welcomed to the sight of Peter at his bedside, watching him intently. “Have you been watching me sleep? You know that’s creepy, right?” Tony joked to lighten the mood.
“Hey Parker, let’s go inside,” he said, motioning toward the rather large barn near the middle of the farm. “We can star-gaze and braid each other’s hair another night.” Peter gave him a sheepish little smile. “Sorry, it’s just you can never really see the stars in New York. This is all so… magical”. Tony’s heart seized a little and his snarky smile molted into a reassuring grin. “I’m kidding, kid. You’re right, this is quite the view. Let’s go unpack. I need a shower.”
“I only wish to know what I may call you. If I wanted to harm you, I’d already have done it.”
“Uh yes honey, but I gotta go! I’ll call you later!”
He had the hysterical urge to laugh, but he felt so drained. He turned to make sure Peter was unharmed.
He was almost out of the room before Steve made a decision. He took a deep breath, then half-sprinted after Tony, pulling him into a dark hall when he closed in on him.
“If anything, you’ve helped me, Pete. If I hadn’t concocted this escapade, I’d probably be out doing some self-destructive thing or another. So—thank you, kid. And you want to be like me? No.
He hadn’t realized he had been staring at the floor, head bowed in shame, but he mustered all his strength to gain enough composure to look up at Tony. “Is that True, Tony?” He swallowed the knot in his throat. “You’e doing that for us?”
“We will leave and give you privacy,” Nakia said. “I will see you later, my love” she added, looking at T’Challa. Steve’s eyes followed the women until the door closed behind them.
“Excuse Mr. Rogers, Dean,” he said. “He’s probably worried about something.” “I assume that’s what you want to talk to me about,” he said turning to Steve. “Oh, yes. Right.” Smooth.
Now, he was on the cusp of 20, and he still thought of the beautiful fairy from time to time. One of those times being the present. The village was celebrating the winter solstice. It seemed everyone was dancing ‘round the bonfire. He stared into the glowing flames, the embers reminding him of Éamon’s glowing eyes.
Steve had been 15 then. He tried to tell Bucky but he only shook his head and said Steve must have been dreaming. After a while, Steve wondered if maybe he had dreamt it all up.
Tony sighed and shook his head, sadly. “Stop saying you’re sorry, Rogers. Just stop. You’re sorry. I’m sorry. We’re all sorry. That doesn’t change what happened and we have to accept that.”
The teenager looked at him, dumbstruck. His cheeks began to redden and his eyes glistened with tears that threatened to escape. Next thing he knew, Peter all but threw himself at him and enveloped him in a crushing hug accompanied by “Wow, I can’t believe it!” and “Thank you, Mister Stark! You’re the best!”
“I watched you to talk to that guy for over thirty minutes, laughed at everything he said and then he put his hand on you, and I—I couldn’t take it anymore.”
arranged an emergency protocol, but Friday could read his vitals and she knew he wasn’t in real danger. She still held a grudge against Steve, Tony thought, fondly.
He’s abruptly cut off by Tony’s very soft, very real lips on his. It takes him a nanosecond to register what’s happening, but when he does oh, he’s very on board. Suddenly, he’s kissing Tony back, with the intensity in which he carries out a plan on the battlefield, except sparring with Tony’s mouth is a fight he never wants to end.
Steve’s breath caught in his throat and he had the overwhelming urge to laugh and cry at the same time. He tried to smother both of them down; however, which resulted in a choked and whispered, “Tony.”
“Tony I can explain-.”
A new one?
“Deserve what,” Steve inquired, curiosity winning over any sense of self-preservation. He wouldn’t blame Rhodey for punching his face in.
“I won’t,” Steve whispered. “Tony I— thank you.”
*************************************************************************************************************
Peter exhaled, relieved. Just then, Steve stood before them, and before Tony could do anything, Peter turned to the soldier, furious and blasted him with what Tony knew was the laser web shooter.
Tony hadn’t moved his arms. Howard never hugged him. Not many people ever did, really. And everyone who did had either died or hurt him. Obe tried to kill him, Pepper left him. And Steve, oh Steve beat him to a bloody pulp and left him to die, alone in the cold of Siberia. The only exception was Rhodey.  So yeah, Tony Stark didn’t really know how to react when he was confronted with this kind of physical affection.
“It’s just, you know what to call me, but I don’t know what to call you…”
“Nope. Not happening. I made Pete a promise and I’m not going to cut his summer short just because Captain Lumberjack made an appearance.” He clasped his best friend’s shoulder in assurance. “Besides, if you disappear for too long, Ross will freak out and send a search party. Please?”
Snapping out of his unpleasant thoughts, he awkwardly patted Peter on the back. Baby steps. “No problem, Spiderling. And I’m Tony Stark, of course I’m the best.” He cleared his throat, stepped back and resumed walking, to another part of the barn. He went on to show Peter the welding station, computer area, the bots’ charging stations, and the emergency exits, should they ever need to use them.
“Sorry, kid. I completely forgot because I don’t want anything delivered here. I want to keep our location undisclosed.” Peter nodded in understanding. “It’s okay, Mister Stark. I’m not that hungry.” As if prompted, the boy’s stomach growled. Tony chuckled. “Come again?” Peter grinned, embarrassed. “There should be a town where we can get supplies about 40 minutes away,” Tony said. “Can you make it until then?”
“Yep, you can try it out if you want.” Peter picked up the suit and headed to his room to change. “If you want to try more combinations, you should probably do it outside,” Tony advised. “Okay, Mister Stark!” God, he sounded like a dad, Tony thought. Weirdly, the thought didn’t scare him shitless.
Tony when he had a nightmare or panic attack. Now? Now, he was the source, and he couldn’t blame anyone but himself.
Now, he waits.
. Not the manic, I’ve-been-up-for-over-72-hours tired, no. His eyes reflected the kind of somber wariness that came with pain, like the light was being systematically snuffed out. His face was hard, and Steve almost wanted him to yell. It would have been better than the alternative, because yelling meant he cared, right? Yelling meant he had something to work with, a sign that what they had was still salvageable.
There were various welding machines and accessories, a station full of expensive-looking lab equipment, dozens of screens and hologram projectors, and two robots who immediately came forward to greet them, one of them who almost jabbed Peter in the ribs. “Hey you, be careful,” Tony chastised lightly. “His aunt will kill me if he goes back with so much as a scratch.”
He quickly engaged the suit in its entirety and slipped from whoever was holding him. He hovered over the water and turned—
“The hell you will. What are you still doing here? Were you spying on me?”
Just as he was contemplating building an underwater lab, he felt a ripple in the water behind him, but before he could turn, strong arms gripped his waist and he was suddenly propelled to the surface.
“Okay, Tony. Aww such a good dad.”
He could stand out here all night, but the temperature had dropped and neither of them was wearing a jacket, and he couldn’t wait for Peter to see the inside of the “barn”.
“And I thought you needed more PT before you used the suit. Are you okay? Your legs…If you’re in pain and flew all the way here…”
“Didn’t want to hurt me, Rogers? God, just listen to yourself. How would you have reacted if you found out that your parents were murdered and that their killer was in the same room as you? Not only that, but you
Tony’s face was blank, carefully smoothed to not betray any emotion, but his eyes could never lie. “A broken team doesn’t really work, does it? This is bigger than me or you. It always has been. It had never been my intention to break it in the first place. See, it isn’t
Rhodey sighed, but nodded defeatedly. He pulled Tony to him and enveloped him a rather terrifying bear hug. “If you need anything- anything, Tony, you call me.”
Minutes later, Natasha found Clint in the corner of the bar. She walked up to him, holding out her hand. “Pay, up.” Clint shrugged his shoulders before pulling two $20s from his pocket. “About time those two pulled their heads out their asses, anyway.”
*************************************************************************************************************
“WHAT?!” Tony jumped up and scrambled to the door.
The dark-haired man winked. “It looks like our paths have crossed again, Steve Rogers. Now, what do you say we go join the dance?” He held out his hand.
Before Steve could protest again, loud clunks came toward them. Both men turned to look at the source.
As if on cue, he heard a fast thud against one of the windows, followed by a “Sorry, Mister Stark!”
“Sure, crazy Russian guy tried to kill me,” Tony nodded.
“So that’s it?” Steve looked up from the ground. “What are we supposed to do; what am
The older man sipped from his mug, then looked up with a smirk and replied, “Okay, if you don’t at least try it once, I’’ll buy you those Flint Stone gummy vitamins and personally oversee that you take them. Every 15 year old wants to take those, right? Not a blow to your dignity at all.”
T’Challa gave him a sympathetic smile and moved to pat his shoulder. “I understand, but keep in mind that his response may not be what you want. People only fight like you and he did when they care too much. You did some damage.”
“I’m sorry, what now?”
He pressed the reactor on his chest and Steve couldn’t quite believe what was happening. Before his eyes, what looked like metal threads were stitching themselves together, flowing across Tony’s body, trickling down his torso and across his chest and shoulders, sheathing his arms and legs, and finally, crawling over his face. It was- it was a new suit. Slimmer and shiny. It was breathtaking.
Leaving Peter to his own devices for a while, Tony shrugged off the hoodie he’d been wearing and set to work on modifications for his own suit. “Friday, let’s hear some music.” “Coming up, Sir.” Seconds later, the notes to Zeppelin’s ‘Rock and Roll’ blared out. “You know me so well, sweetheart,” Tony praised before losing himself in his work.
Tony gently nudged him back into the chair. “Hey, hey, it’s okay. You did good, Pete. I’m alright. Thank you for getting me up here. How long was I out?”
to fix this.
When Steve was satisfied that Winchester was no longer in the room, he looked at Tony who was not very happy, with him, apparently. “What the hell, Rogers? You just met the guy and you act like he’s a Hydra agent you want to take down.”
“Rhodey, you can’t stay here. I’m perfectly fine, I promise. He’s gone.”
Tony winced, hoping Peter hadn’t been hit if it was the ricochet web. “Uh, I think the kid hit the window with one of the web combinations. I better make sure he didn’t hurt himself.”
Tony couldn’t see him, but he knew Rhodey was smiling. “Just making sure you haven’t blown up the mountains, Iron dummy.”
When they stepped through the front door, Peter audibly gasped in pleasant shock, looking everywhere at once. He fit the “like a kid in a candy shop” description to a T, at that moment, Tony thought. It was endearing.
“Yeah?”
In that moment, just like all the other times he had Tony’s back, he know the billionaire would be okay. If Tony needed this, he supported it. Who would have ever pictured the playboy as a father figure. He smiled reassuringly, with a teasing glint in his eye. “Okay. You’re crazy, but okay. And Tones? You’ll make a great dad.” Tony rolled his eyes and barked out a small laugh. “Ha, I’m no father. More like a fun uncle who lets him pick up dates in expensive sports cars and gives him his first beer.” Rhodey raised a disapproving eyebrow, but there was mirth in his eyes. “Fine, I’ll be responsible. No sports cars,” he amended. “He can swing from his web slings, anyway.” Rhodey knew his friend always diffused serious moments with humor and saw that mentoring Peter meant more to him than he let on, but he decided to keep that to himself.
“Tony, please. Let me—.”
“Hey, no, don’t do that. We’re not going to play the guilt game, okay? Because I’d definitely win.”
Tony chuckled fondly at Peter’s excitement. “What can I say? I’m the best. I even added a taser web. Karen is your suit’s AI. Like your own FRIDAY.”
Steve looked into Tony’s eyes, holding their gaze, hoping they wouldn’t shift away. It was like sticking your tongue on a frozen pole. It hurt, but pulling away would only be worse. “NO. No, of course not! How could you think that? Tony, I love you— I would never. I never meant for any of that to happen!”
“I wasn’t going to kill him. I was pissed, insane with grief but I wouldn’t have killed him… And you know what the worst part is? If you had told me before everything? About Bucky? Oh, I would have thrown things, yelled, probably locked myself in the lab. But if you had been honest, I would have tried to help him. If you had loved me enough to admit that, especially since it involved your best friend, I would have tried to understand. You knew I was working on the Binarily Augmented Retro-Framing. And I would have helped you find him, too.” Tony’s voice began to shatter around the edges and it was all Steve could do not to break out from the webbing to hold him. “But I guess that’s how little you thought of me, huh?”
“Oh my, what have we here?” Said the creature, eyes appraising Steve in a way that gave him chills. “You are a ways off from your village, aren’t you?” Steve gulped and remained frozen. “Answer me, human. You trespassed upon my home and I’m sure you’re aware there are consequences.” He was so dead.
He gave Steve a small nod before flying off. “Goodbye, Cap.”
The king’s voice startled him back. “I will have Okoye take you to get one of our planes. Good luck, Captain.”
“Don’t you ever think that! You— you were the best thing that ever happened to me. You gave me a
The billionaire wiped off some of the grease that covered his arms as he answered, “You wound me! And I’ll have you know, I haven’t blown anything up. Yet… Joking! Anyway, all good here. The kid and I went to a farmer’s market. I even had vegetable soup, can you believe it?”
Steve’s face fell before his jaw set in the all too familiar stubbornness. “Tony, can we talk, please? Just humor me for a little while.”
Steve laughed, embarrassed. “Um, Steven. My name is Steve Rogers”
Steve smiled. The princess had been teasing him endlessly about his uniform, saying he had gone all “dark and edgy”. The thing is, his suit was the one Tony had made him. He only tore at everything he no longer represented, but he couldn’t bear to throw away the only thing that made him feel like Tony was with him, in a way.
He shot up and thought about running, but before he could move, he heard the slightest rustle and his hair stood on end. His knees were about to give out from under him, but he wasn’t about to faint now. Jaw set and fists clenched, nails digging into his palms, he slowly turned around.
“Nonsense. If it’s in my power to help him, why not? Tell me what you need,” the black panther said in his ever present calm demeanor.
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighed before replying to his best friend. “One, I won’t be alone. Peter is coming with me. I’m mentoring him. It’ll be like summer camp. Two, you’ll know where I am and you can always visit or call me if there’s an emergency or when you just miss my sultry voice.” The sergeant couldn’t stop his face from splitting into a fond grin. He had a soft spot for the dumb genius. “You sure you know what you’re doing, Tones?” Tony looked up at him and Rhodey saw fierce determination in his eyes.
He heard Steve sigh, his shoulders sinking. “That’s not what I— Tony can I at least see your face?”
The robot in question whirred sadly, but proceeded to poke Peter gently this time. Peter chuckled and patted its head. “That’s U, by the way,” Tony said. “The other one is DUM-E. They’re like my kids. I built them myself.” Tony patted DUM-E fondly and the bot buzzed happily.
Peter’s eyes shone brighter every time he looked at a piece of equipment, but by the end of the tour, neither men could stifle a yawn. “Alright, Peter, time for bed, Tony declared. “We can continue Camp Stark tomorrow.” Peter nodded as another yawn betrayed him. “Where will I sleep?” Tony looked up and pointed to some stairs, leading to a second floor. “The room to the right of the stairs is yours. You’ll find a bed already set up, and there’s also a closet, bathroom, and balcony.” There was a kitchen and living room separating the two bedrooms.
Steve blushed and laughed, still high from their kiss. “Uh, yeah…Maybe you want to show me again?”
Luckily, F.R.I.D.A.Y intervened. “Boss, the fridge and pantry are empty. You forgot to stock up on food.” Tony groaned. He knew he forgot something important, you know, like food. In all fairness, he pretty much existed on coffee. As if reading his thoughts, the AI quipped, “I know you consider coffee food, Sir, but I believe a growing teenage boy requires more adequate nutrition. And you should consider eating actual food as well. Maybe this spider boy will help you with that.”
The man was slightly taller than Tony, his dirty blonde hair was lightly gelled to the side, making him look Bond-esque. He too, wore a black suit. Thanks to his enhanced vision, Steve could make out the guy’s intense green eyes and pink bow lips.
Oh who was he kidding? Tony flitted from person to person, making sure they had at least a few minutes of his attention, but that’s just it: he
“You know what? Screw you, Rogers!” He snarled and stormed away.
The town was quite small, but was full of farmers with fresh produce, gathered in the square. Before they got out of the truck, Tony slipped on some shades and a cap. Peter would be okay, but Tony couldn’t afford to be recognized, even in this small place.
“Nice meeting you, Captain,” he offered before turning away. He took one last sip of his drink and threw Tony a wink before walking off smugly.
The two men gathered wood they’d chopped earlier in the week and quickly got a fire going. They carried a couple of stumps over and perched on them, in front of the flames. Peter opened the bag of marshmallows and handed Tony a stick. 	The pair sat in comfortable silence for a few minutes, roasting the sweet pillowy goods and assembling their first s’more.
Oh god, Bucky was going to
Tony glared, as if he could physically see F.R.I.D.A.Y. “Tone down the sass, sweetheart. Leave that to me.” She was right, though. May wouldn’t be too happy if he starved her nephew. Back at the tower, he would only have proper meals if Steve— nope not going there. Back to food for Peter.
“I know, Pep. I miss you. Keep those heels sharp and take care.” She laughed. “You too, Tony. And remember to eat! Bye, you maniac.” “Goodbye, Miss Potts.”
Suddenly, Steve felt like the biggest jerk, but before he could say as much, Tony pulled him down, hands cupping his jaw. “But maybe after he leaves, you and I can have our own lab meeting.” He waggled his eyebrows.
He was aware that his pig-headedness was what got him into all of this in the first place, but he had to believe that it’d also aid him in making things right with his love. He couldn’t lose the best thing that had happened to him. Tony was working on getting all of them back, but the thought of only having the beautiful man back as a teammate and nothing more was utterly devastating. Not when he knew what being loved by Tony Stark was like. He didn’t think his heart would be able to take it, serum be damned.
,” one of them had sneered. And well, Steve “fight me” Rogers very well had to prove them wrong, hadn’t he?
“Perhaps, sunshine. Who knows? Our paths may cross again another moon. Now run along.”
“What was that?”
“I- uh, I’m sorry. I’m sorry I hadn’t realized where I was. I didn’t mean to disturb your home. I swear!” He cried, any lore of how to address a fairy flying out of his brain. The being raised an unconvinced eyebrow and stepped into Steve’s space. “The boys from my village, they said I wouldn’t last five minutes in the forest and I know I shouldn’t have listened to them but I couldn’t help it. I had to prove them wrong. All my life, I’ve only been the little guy,” he found himself spilling his life story, frustrated tears streaming down his face. “It’s been “you can’t” time after time. I can’t even breathe properly and I’m just— I’m just
Steve let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding. Was the fairy letting him go? “I will let you go, sunshine. You’re a brave one. Foolish. But brave. I see the goodness in your heart.” Steve had not realized he’d asked the question out loud. “Come, let me bestow you with my mark. My brothers and sisters will not dare lay a hand on you. And I trust you will find it will take care of your breathing problem.”
Steve was still stunned. “I’m sorry- what? How are you- you look-“
“It wasn’t a suggestion, Rogers. We’re done here.”
Tony was just being polite.
He slipped the phone into his pocket and decided to go see what Peter had made for lunch.
. You knew the whole time. So spare me the bullshit. If there was anyone you didn’t want to hurt it was yourself.”
When they reached the farm, the sun was setting, casting an ethereal glow from the mountains that were mostly green, now that it was summer, but still capped in glittering snow. Peter had fallen asleep in the car, head tilted back, mouth slightly ajar. He looked so peaceful that Tony almost didn’t want to wake him up, but he figured the kid would appreciate sleeping in a bed more. “Hey, Petey-kins, wakey wakey; we’re here.” He gently nudged the boy’s shoulder until he began to stir awake.
“I do.”
Steve huffed out a laugh. “Yeah. You did.”
“You’re going to feel something weird,” Tony said from where he was fiddling off to the side. “Probably a little cold. Definitely slippery. Try to relax into it.”
“You’d better be,” Tony mumbled from behind him as his hand worked Steve’s dick faster. “Pretty sure my calluses are getting calluses at this point.”
“Oh yeah, I remember that’s why I didn’t even know your name.” Steve smiled into his own cup of coffee. “Do you remember where you might’ve left it?”
“Out the door, down the hall, and the elevators will be on your right,” the receptionist explains patiently.
“Right…” Bruce didn’t look convinced.
He glances over to see a second elevator in the sublevels and the third out of service. “Remind me why I didn’t have a private elevator installed?” he asks his AI.
The man glanced down at his watch. “I was hoping I’d wake up earlier than you, but I must’ve been more tired than I thought.” He sat back with a sigh. “There goes my plans for the day.”
Bruce nodded. “The serum did its job of handling the effects of the pheromones, but your body could only handle so much. So yes, the effect was strong… but it wasn’t life-threateningly so.”
Tony pushes the musty blanket off of himself and can only stare at the sight before him. His abdomen is huge, bulging outward noticeably. He reaches a hand down to run over the curve of his belly and shudders at how sensitive the stretched skin feels. When he moves to sit up, he can feel his entire gut shift. Steve wasn’t kidding when he said that he came a lot. And damn if that isn’t hot. Tony’s dick certainly agrees, and he’s tempted to give it some attention when he remembers where he is.
There was a loud clang behind Steve and the next thing he knew, the handle was in his hands as well as the rest of the cable with it. He blinked a few times and turned around to see that he’d pulled the weights straight through the top of the machine with enough force to get them tangled in the top part of the structure.
Steve drifted off a bit more, just barely paying attention to the sound of Tony preparing things off to the side. Tony’s hand on his abdomen forced him to focus his attention again.
Tony wants to protest, but Steve is right. As unpleasant as it’s going to be, his injury needs to be addressed. He leans back against the wall and sighs. “Sure. If you don’t mind helping me out?”
He hastily cleaned up and tucked himself back into his pants. This had gone on long enough. Full seal or no, he was going in there.
Tony glances up from his phone to see blondie staring at him from the other side of the elevator. Even in the dim emergency lights the man’s blue eyes are striking. Tony feels like he could get lost in them; maybe over a romantic dinner before riding the guy like a V8 engine.
By the time their plates were empty and they were getting up to go, Tony had made up his mind. He grabbed Steve’s hand after he’d tossed out his food.
Steve shook his head.
Tony shakes his head. “Not uncomfortable. Just… full.” He slides down one hand to cover Steve’s settled on his stomach. “
Steve reached for a complimentary bottle of water kept by the sink. “You’re probably gonna have a killer hangover in the morning, so you might want to drink this.”
Tony shook his head. “Nah, I’ll be fine. You gave me some water last night, right? You’re a lifesaver.” He gestured at Steve with his cup. “And anyway, once I get enough caffeine in my system I’ll be good to go.”
Tony slowly ran a hand down Steve’s leg to his ankle as he circled around to his front. “You’re irresistible like this, you know. Well, you’re always irresistible. But…” His gaze met Steve’s and the fire in it made Steve shudder with anticipation. “Right now I just really want to ride you.” He hopped up onto one of the supporting steps below the apparatus so that he was standing over Steve. He glanced down at him with a predatory grin. “And you’re going to lie there and let me enjoy your big, fat cock, aren’t you?”
Tony was one to always follow up on his promises, especially in bed, so Steve did his best to obey as he got used to the feeling of the gel in his ass. A few more moments passed before that gel gave way to something
Steve’s flush spreads to his cheeks. It’s not just the hormones that are to blame. “I… I’m not sure if we should—”
Steve knows he should stay away, but he can’t bring himself to. Even when he closes his eyes, it’s like every other sense is pointing a dozen arrows at the omega. He feels like an animal trapped in a cage. When he opens his eyes, the man is curled over himself.
“He’s fine. Just angry about the whole situation.” He offered Steve an apologetic smile. “You know how he is. He tends to blame himself even if he doesn’t have control over what happened.”
“Huh.” Steve wasn’t sure how to feel about that.
“What’re you waiting for?” the omega asks, his tone taunting.
“Maybe you’re right.”
And what could Steve do but accept the gift? He felt something warm in his chest as he held it up to look it over. He felt ridiculous, like he was a teenager again.
Much to his horror, Steve feels the couch dip with additional weight.
Tony sets the glass down and rubs at his eyes. “I’m fine. It’s just… what’s the probability that I run into a super compatible alpha?”
He dropped his shield before he even realized what he was doing. The loud clatter of the metal hitting the floor made the creature freeze for a moment before it resumed its path toward Steve.
“Good,” Steve said as he settled his hands on either side of Tony’s head. “Now, where did we leave off?”
,” Steve gasped as he realized what it wanted.
Bruce raises an eyebrow at him. “Oh? I don’t recall ever being intimidated by you.”
many. He doesn’t even know where to begin. On the one hand, he could just turn Steve down and grit his teeth through this and then hope the team finds them in the next 24 to 48 hours. On the other hand… Tony can start to feel the fever taking its toll and even with Steve’s first aid, his back is only feeling worse. And, well, he’s definitely fantasized about Steve a few times. Maybe even more than a few times. He’d never imagined them getting together like
Tony has so many questions.
“Oh man, that really took a lot out of you, didn’t it?”
Tony squinted at the black and white images that were now floating in the air in front of him. To be honest, he wasn’t entirely sure of what he was looking at. He was being irrational, he knew, but he couldn’t stop worrying about Steve.
His breath hitched when the increase in pressure in his abdomen seemed to hit him suddenly. It wasn’t long before the sensation was incredibly strong and everywhere at once. A slight cramp flared up, making Steve gasp—only to elicit a moan a few seconds later as it somehow added to the pleasure that was already building up low in his gut.
Steve huffed out a laugh. “Good point. Well… any place in particular you want to go?”
“They had to reschedule the last part of the interview.”
Just thinking about it gets him hard, though he’s doing a lot better now. Pepper, taking pity on him, made sure to contact his doctor and get something that could help him in the meantime. So while he’s still on his heat, the symptoms aren’t so bad that he’s like a neon sign for alphas. Besides, Bruce is an omega, too, and Tony can never deny having him over when he’s in town.
Steve couldn’t help shutting his eyes again as he felt his face heat up. Even now, as the alien was caressing his cock with its soft body and legs, he still craved more. Tony was right, he really couldn’t get enough.
“I’ll scan the area and see if I can find anything that might pass for shelter.” Even if he’s in no shape to fly out, it’s not like he’s useless. It takes a few moments before something promising shows up on the HUD, and Tony points toward their 2 o’clock. “In that direction. Seeing evidence of some kind of structure about a kilometer from here.”
Eyes still shut, Steve shook his head. “N-no, wanna get them all out. F-feels so good, Tony. Just… s-so much, too.”
“Uh, Steve?”
Tony took that moment to reach down to slick up Steve’s cock, his fingers wrapped lightly around Steve’s dick as it moved up and down. “I’m going to take you now, okay?”
Steve turns to face Tony. “You agree with me?!”
He let his head fall back against the mattress and groaned. The details of the dream were still fresh in his mind, and the rest of his body was on board with it. He slowly reached down to palm his dick through his now sticky boxers and sighed. It usually took him more than one orgasm to be completely satisfied, anyway.
Steve groaned, the thought of pushing everything back out making his cock twitch and stiffen up a bit. He was so exhausted; just taking in everything had taken so much out of him. He could take the easy way out, and he knew Tony wouldn’t think any less of him for it. At the same time, though, he couldn’t ignore the challenge in Tony’s voice. He opened his eyes to find Tony looking at him expectantly, his eyes heated with excitement. He wanted to do this, just to prove that he could. Even if it wouldn’t be easy, he knew it would be enjoyable.
Covering his face with his hands, Steve practically croaks, “Buck… come on…”
Steve shrugged. “I told you. Don’t need it.”
He could feel Tony shake his head. “Nope, we’re going to figure this out. I’m going to wear you out until your dick throws in the towel.” His arms tightened around Steve. “Honestly, I’d be working on a prototype if I wasn’t so busy with the latest upgrades to the team’s gear and that project I’ve been collaborating on with Dr. Cho…” Tony’s voice drifted off for a second, and his body stiffened against Steve’s.
Steve slung the duffel bag behind his back and stepped closer to the man. “You have a room on the third floor? I can help you up there.”
Steve recognized the machines from back at home, though the toys in this one seemed far more impressive. “Nah. These are scams, aren’t they?”
“May I suggest you take a break, lest you catch a cold?”
Fondness washes through Tony. Steve’s possessiveness is kind of adorable. His fond thoughts are cut off by Steve shifting slightly, which pushes his knot against Tony’s prostate. He can’t help moaning.
Steve let himself sink back into the sea of sensation that he’d been floating on for so long, now. He was still so
Steve proceeded cautiously, shield held out in front of him. Whatever had been contained in the chamber had been strong enough to break out of the fairly strong glass keeping it inside. Steve wiped away some nervous sweat as he advanced into the room. This was starting to feel like one of those sci-fi movies that Tony had made him watch every other week.
Tony’s eyes were hooded as he grinned up at him. “Pretty sure you were close to grabbing my ass.”
Steve hesitates at the latches for the part that would detach the back of the armor. Tony knows this is going to hurt like a bitch, but it’s not like he’s a stranger to pain by this point in his life.
“I’m guessing I read that right?”
“Are you crazy?!”
Tony nods. “Yeah, it was… though I think I spooked the guy afterward.”
He glanced back at the workshop’s entrance to make sure they were alone before asking, “So how’s that mystery project coming along?”
“Nice to meet you. I’d shake your hand, but we’re kind of past that aren’t we?” Before Steve can answer, Tony starts to turn over. Once he’s on all fours, he glances back at Steve with a sultry grin. “Well? Do you need a formal invitation?”
“So…” Steve gestured at the whole setup doubtfully. “What do you need me to do?”
Tony’s lips curled into a smile. “You can’t hide from me, Cap. Saw you open your legs for it like the whore you are.”
Unsurprisingly, there was a woman at the front desk even this late. She didn’t seem phased by the fact that Steve was this random foreigner who’d showed up at a late hour as she looked up his reservation. It didn’t take long before she was cheerfully handing Steve his keycard and a sheet of paper explaining in English what to do with it.
“Sorry about that…”
,” Tony said, recognition alighting in his eyes. The corner of his mouth twitched up. “
“Gonna need this later,” Tony explained as he spread it around with his fingers across Steve’s oversensitized skin.
Waves of pleasure light up every nerve, and Steve lets himself be carried along. By the time he comes back to himself, his ears are ringing and he doesn’t even realize his eyes are closed until he opens them to find that he’s bent over Tony. Steve can feel each pulse of his knot throughout his whole body like each is its own orgasm. Somehow, he’s still coming inside Tony. He groans against Tony’s skin as his brain tries to make sense of the overwhelming input—like he’s slowly settling back into his body. Eventually, he realizes that his arms are now wrapped around Tony’s chest.
“Let’s do it, then.”
Tony went into an explanation of his plan for finally satisfying Steve’s supersoldier libido. Since he clearly got off on the feeling of being full, Tony claimed that he was going to use the nanotechnology for exactly that purpose.
Tony carefully shuffled towards the moonray to see the key better. When the ray fell on the key, it glowed anew, the same unsettling blue. It was eerily similar to the colour of the electrical guns that Zemo used, now that Tony was thinking of it. This couldn’t be a coincidence.
Another mistake.
He needs to send her an excuse. Give her a reason.
He can’t lie to himself and pretend that he doesn’t care about Steve, even after everything.
He can almost see it, can almost guess how it happened. The Steve he left was well on his way to tyraniccal obsession, after all.
“It protects us from spells! I’ll cover you, and you’ll attack, okay?”
Steve looked at Jarvis, who was as surprised as him.
He’s cold.
Would he have died alone?
There is nothing more egoistic and short-term than wanting to die.
“You’re right, Jarvis, how could I be so forgetful? I’ll do better next time, Cap.”
He looked weary, his eyes holding little patience. There would be no leniency for a liar.
Stark, still not looking at him, dismissed the thanks with a quick wave: “Don’t mention it, I need you to look sharp to make a good impression on Pepper.”
, sir, commonly known as a Mandrake.”
It was the most obvious thing in the world, Steve couldn’t live without Tony, he knew it now. He knew it in his mind, in his heart, in his very bones.
He heard Tony’s voice, and breathed out. He hopped down from the stool, wincing as his knees protested at the rough treatment, and surveyed the room. Every available space on the walls had been covered in his paintings, a good three-quarter of them painted this afternoon, all with the theme of protection. They were moving, his knights patrolling, the sky changing colour above his painted mountains, the shield glimmering.
He came back to the kitchen, slightly out of breath from his discovery, and stopped dead when he saw the curious disk next to the door. It was divided in four equal parts, each of them a different colour: red, blue, green, and black. The blue part was facing up, but you could turn the disk. Steve walked closer, an idea forming in his head. He turned the disk so that the red part was on top. He opened the door carefully. An automobile sped past him, and he saw the same banners and imposing buildings as he had seen through the windows. He startled as he saw the royal crest engraved on the pavement before him. Could it be—was this Ma’Hattan? Heart hammering, he closed the door again, not letting himself think too much about it. First, exploration, and then, freaking out about being this close to Magician Potts.
He’s freezing. He wraps himself tighter in the bedsheets. They’re flimsy, nothing like what he has in his own bed. But the mansion is in ruins, and the halls of the tower echo with ghostly whispers of team-mates that aren’t around anymore.
He was starting to hyperventilate, Tony struggling to keep him in human form, his teeth elongating, his hair growing. Steve had the vivid mental imagery of the fingers of the man’s left hand squeezing and clenching around—
A lot of things happen during the night. Luckily, when you’re a drunk, people leave you alone. They know you don’t have anything worth any money, except for the booze. They know you won’t meddle. You ignore them, they ignore you.
He’d lost a good thirty centimetres in height. His face was gaunt, his cheekbones much more prominent under the skin. He’d lost his muscle mass, his arms and legs gangly and too thin to be healthy. His heart was fluttering, his breath came with a slight wheeze. He’d gone from a muscular and tall man to a sickly and short one.
“Don’t say this as if everything that happened was bad. We’ve learned to know each other, you gave me this shield, Jarvis helped me to see Natasha, and you helped me every time I was sick or feeling ill. You gave me a home when I needed one, and I’ll be forever thankful for that. I don’t care about the curse, if this is what came out of it.”
He should just come clean and ask them for help. He hummed softly, trying to think of what to say without letting them know he had a magical artifact on him.
“Oh, shouldn’t I have said it? I’ve always thought about it, you know. What you would look like in the nude. Or maybe it’s something
“You act like you’re so much better than all of us, not even taking care of your business, always running after the next pretty face, but you’re just a lying, arrogant egoist underneath. You hide behind other identities, you don’t care about the consequences of your actions. Not to mention that you
Tony had spent years looking for Steve, just because Steve had accidentally travelled back in time to see Tony catch a star. Tony had been so young then, but he’d remembered Steve, even looked for him. But why? Why had Tony wanted to see Steve? Was it to know who he was? Was it to finally understand what Steve had been doing there? Was it for some other reason?
He could send the armour. He spends so much time in it already, no one will know that this time there is no one behind the faceplate.
At his question, Jarvis assured him that they would arrive within moments. Soon after, Steve saw the vast grounds of the guild for the first time. Natasha had sent him letters, describing the place, but they hadn’t done justice to the real thing. The manor—or should he say castle—was hidden in the middle of a thick forest. From ground level, it would be impossible to find it without knowing the way in. From above, Steve could appreciate the strategic placement of the castle: it had a high tower that was a particularly good vantage point over the whole valley. Not far from it, large clearings could hold outdoors training sessions. There was a lake not too far, the mountains less than five kilometres away. It was an ideal placement for a secretive and elitist guild. The grounds and architectural structures looked pristine and well-maintained. As he flew lower and lower, Steve recognised the faint shimmering in the air that betrayed a magical barrier. He set foot in front of the main entrance, the armour retracting around him and reforming half a meter behind him. It would protect him in a heartbeat, Steve knew. He could feel it, the protective intent.
And Steve had smacked him with a pan and with the shield both times he’d been close enough to the castle to even try to enter it.
He’s right. Where else? He’s right there with Tony, and he’s not leaving anytime soon. Tony’s stuck with him, now.
“Steve. The reason I was a mess after the war is because you d—died. When I woke up I was so surprised, I couldn’t believe that I wouldn’t have hidden a backup somewhere, but then I read the news, and I instantly knew why past me decided to delete his brain. It was because you were
He could activate his unibeam. He could shoot a missile in Steve’s face. He could raise his palms, put them on Steve’s ears, and scramble his brain. He could make his suits self-destruct and take the whole tower with him. He could surrender, ask for the help of the Avengers, try to stop the Illuminati from doing the unthinkable.
He inhales, searching for the scent of Steve. It’s faint, but Tony can tell that Steve was here this morning. If he remembers correctly, Steve should be about done with training new SHIELD recruits. Depending on how it went, he’s headed for the gym or the kitchen.
“I remember.
Tony looked up at him, eyes clouded.
Tony bites through his lip until it bleeds to keep his desperate sob in.
The glass shattered in Steve’s hands.
A dark form fell from the sky, breaking the clouds and stopping its descent only metres from the water surface. It rose up again, meeting a yellow blur in a turquoise flash.
Anthony’s Sorcery. The Great Magician Potts. Wizard Stark.
Steve shouldn’t really judge, though, should he? He’d just falsely accused Stark of something horrible. Of course, everything else was still true, but Stark wasn’t a murderer.
at you?”
She hates flowers, and she hates this place. We’ll be safe here. As long as you don’t set foot in the Waste, you’ll be safe.”
There was also the matter of the detail about the contract between a fire demon and a human: the human had to give the fire demon something. But what? What didn’t a fire demon have, that would be tempting enough to willingly bind themselves to a human, with all the loss of freedom it entailed?
How dared he? How dared he act like that, like life was just a big joke, when he destroyed those of the people around him?
Steve doesn’t understand. It’s not that easy. Tony’s
James looked at Steve, clearly trying to make conversation. He nodded in the direction of the door.
The magic constricting his chest vanished, leaving him trapped in an ice prison instead.
He won’t be ready in ten minutes, it’s too fast, too soon, too monumental a task. He can’t even sit up, he’ll never be there in time. He has to call in sick (he can’t even be sick anymore). He has to find an excuse, something, anything. He doesn’t have the energy to interact with people.
“Why is your leg glowing?”
That was a point towards there being a man inside the suit, and towards Tony being in the US, or at least in Allies territory. If that was the case, maybe the golden parts of it were just a very thin membrane covering the arms and legs, with the red parts and the helmet being actual armour. Tony shifted to aim at a leg instead. The muscle definition was precise enough that the material couldn’t be rigid. A bullet would pass straight through, Tony reasoned.
“You’re right. I’m the perfect height to hug you, now.”
Stark had already fulfilled the first one, in that case, since he’d caught a falling star. The next instruction in the poem was to “Get with child a mandrake root”. If Stark simply needed to avoid doing that, Steve could help. He could uproot all the mandrakes they had, look for them and avoid them, keep them away from Stark.
Of course, he doesn’t, because there’s a bigger picture, because if saving their universe means alienating Steve, Tony won’t hesitate, even if it tears his heart apart.
It made sense, didn’t it? Hadn’t Steve thought about it himself, that everything he touched turned out to be trouble? It had been true with the scarecrow, and it was true with the dog. What did it want? How had it even found its way in? It had come from the hills, Steve saw.
Tony had come to the same conclusion as Steve, then.
It was polite knocking, at least, which almost reassured Steve. If it was the Witch, she would have destroyed the door already. Steve was almost entirely sure that it wasn’t her. He still gripped his shield tight.
“Stephen! You’re alright!”
He couldn’t feel bad about telling the truth about Tony, but he still felt bad that he hadn’t managed to avoid the outcome Tony had been afraid of.
He’d been working for close to an hour when he heard the bell from the door chime, announcing a customer.
Tony pretends to struggle, thinks about Steve holding the gauntlet in his hand, the other earth in the red sky, thinks about his hope that with Steve, with the best of them, they’ll manage to save everyone. He knows now that there won’t be any coming back from this. If Steve couldn’t do it, no one can. It might be a good thing that Tony won’t see the world end after all.
Steve was good at guarding the castle, at least. First the scarecrow and now miss O’Casta. His shield really was helpful. He should thank Tony again.
to see a falling star, needed to complete the spell, needed to do this.
That was… not bad at all. Kind, even. Steve accepted readily and was directed down to the workshop. There, a blue glow surrounded the handle before the door opened by itself. Steve didn’t stop to think about what that meant, that Jarvis was letting him inside the only space that Stark hadn’t permitted him into. There was a small flame flickering in the air, a part of Jarvis, most likely. Steve followed it into the workshop where it stopped above a peculiar contraption. It looked like a suit of armour, something a knight would wear, but at the same time, it was completely different. The colours, for one, were bright red and gold, alternating in an aesthetically pleasing pattern. It looked sleeker, too. More modern and fast. It glowed lightly. It was clearly designed for Stark, as it was too tall for Steve, but the flame seemed to insist he put it on. He stepped inside of it, slightly apprehensive, and jolted when it closed around him. Immediately, his heart began beating faster. What was he doing, climbing into magical suits of armour? It was as if he was asking to get cursed even worse, God.
Steve decided to put that thought on hold, and asked:
Tony knows Steve, yes. But this Steve? This Steve says things, does things, that Tony would never imagine Steve doing. Still, they’re the same, at their core. Tony’s known Steve for over a decade. The slight deviations are just a product of his subconscious. Isn’t this the
Steve, at a loss, had shaken the bottle thrice, thinking very hard of the feeling of relief that came when a coughing fit was over. The liquid had changed colour, Jarvis humming approvingly, and Steve had given the vial to the girl. She had offered him a bronze coin, thanked him very politely, and disappeared before he could ask himself why she had given him so little money.
During the first few months of having Steve as Nomad, Tony’d been obsessed with the costume. He’d been happy every time he could see Steve, because in the armour, no one could see him trail his eyes down the tantalizingly low V-neck of the suit. The cape had been fun too, until Steve confessed he’d had to rip it off after tripping over it. Tony hadn’t laughed like that in a long time.
He opens the faceplate. Steve’s eyes lock with his and stay there.
“Steve Rogers, I’ve heard a lot about you. Imagine my surprise when I learned that Tony was sharing his home. You’re a unique man, to be let into Tony’s home while you were complete strangers.”
And now they were blushing and averting their eyes, like damn schoolgirls.
He would have to make sure that Natasha knew about this mystery wizard, so that she could keep herself safe.
, Steve thought absently.
He looked at Stark, who affected an air of casual interest. As if he wasn’t dying to know what Steve thought of it.
I love to hear your theories and thoughts, thank you for sharing them <3
Getting access to teleportation technology would change the course of the war.
She had attacked him, for no apparent reason, making his life miserable, changing his very body, and he wanted to make her pay. He wanted to hit her, he wanted to hold her down and make her reverse the curse, he wanted to—
Stark’s eyes were wide, but he seemed to accept the answer readily enough, and walked over to where Steve was sitting, taking off his coat and letting it float to the nearest chair. It was beautiful, a shining red, gold and blue thing, and Steve remembered how Stark had flown away, always surrounded by that same blue light that permeated the castle.
“I’m not done, my dear. Now, what to do? I could kill you, of course, but that would make him angry. I just don’t want you to meddle, you understand. One would have thought that the mere thought of being the concurrent of the Witch of the Waste would dissuade you, but yet here we are.”
The armour fell, its light dim, but as the Witch dived after it, her stingers ready to shock and pierce through the armour, the blue circle in its chest lit up, and a massive beam of blue shot up to meet the yellow crackling magic.
There was silence for a while. Then a tinny voice spoke with a North American accent: “I’m the one asking the questions here, mister. Put the gun down.”
Cap chuckled at Tony’s enthusiasm and said:
The marks covered his whole chest, one tendril reaching as far down as the hollow of Tony’s belly button. Another was circling his ribs, yet another was creeping up the base of his throat. They were even darker, the ones nearest the centre of his chest almost black.
His meeting was one minute ago. It’s too late, he can’t go now, it’s already too late. He stalled too much, and now it’s coming back to bite him in the ass.
Once upon a time, Tony thought he might have a chance with Steve. He had it all planned out: a quiet dinner out, a careful proposition, and hope. Hope that he hadn’t misread Steve’s smiles and glances and touches. Hope that it went both ways.
He hesitated. Tony wasn’t in a mood to be honest and trying to wheedle the truth out of him might make everything worse. But playing along would mean that Tony would think that Steve still thought so little of him that he believed that Tony only cared about sensual pleasures.
“That’s where you’re wrong, Jocasta. I never fell in love with you. I knew who you were from the start. I was flirting with you because I was searching for Stephen, and you were the only one who could give me clues apart from Janet. I’ve only fallen in love twice, and the first time was Janet.”
Stark still wasn’t looking at them.
Flying back, Steve thought about the things he had learned that day. Natasha knew who Stark was, and was in love with someone else, who was also cursed. Stark would not break her heart, and for that Steve was grateful. But there was something about what Lord Fury had said that made him wonder. He’d said that Stark was “clearly smitten”. Jarvis had said something similar the day before. Was Stark serious about Natasha?
Steve stepped back inside. He looked at the door, then at the window he hadn’t noticed next to the door. Outside the window, there were grassy hills moving past at a leisurely pace. It was undeniably the view he should have if he opened the door.
God, he hadn’t known who Iron Man was either. Why would this Tony keep his identity a secret?
The super-soldier serum will be the death of Tony, or Steve, or both. The smell alone is divine. Tony can’t imagine what the taste will be like. He won’t be able to stop once he gets his teeth into Steve. He’ll suck and suck and suck until Steve dies or until Steve kills Tony. It’s inevitable.
silence. And Steve, Steve can be deathly quiet when he wants to be.
“Tony. Can you ask Jarvis for a suit? Can he do that?”
Being around Steve is an exercise in self-restraint. Tony wants. He
Tony Stark, but it was getting increasingly obvious that it wasn’t him.
“I can try, Cap, I can try. If I keep away from mermaids, avoid touching mandrake roots, maybe…”
Potts took his hand, then, her eyes glowing.
“You tried to—what? A falling star? Jarvis?”
That was a non-answer if Steve had ever heard one. So Tony had already hinted at something that he was missing? What could it be? A partner? Love? Something else?
He would be able to see his home, would be able to meet the people he knew, would be able to go to the bakery. It would solve the problem of Steve missing his hometown.
Steve rubbed his nose and thought about what had just happened. The scarecrow had attacked him, and almost managed to enter the castle. It’d been clearly hostile. Maybe it was angry that Steve had pulled it out of the bushes. Why, though, Steve had no idea.
Maybe Strange would be able to help him. Maybe they were talking about it right this instant.
And that’s the thing, isn’t it? Tony doesn’t know either. If all other teammates escaped the time loop, it means they weren’t relevant, and that this is something that concerns only Steve and Tony, since no one else has been forced into the loop.
Oh. Well. Of course he would be worried, Steve worked for him, after all. If he was ill, he couldn’t cook or clean, could he? That was why Stark was worried. Naturally.
Tony’s heart was lying unprotected on the ground, a metre away from Jocasta’s severed hand. Jocasta herself was scrambling for the heart, her shape morphing into something more animalistic to gain traction.
“You’re a no one, the only thing special about you is that you were cursed.”
He shook his head, trying to focus, but the man interpreted the movement as a rejection, and his smile dimmed. “Well then. Until we meet again!” and with those words, he walked away, but instead of touching the cobblestones with his feet, a blue glow formed under them, and with each step, he rose further from the ground, until he disappeared over the roofs into the night, leaving a stunned Steve behind.
These words were as good as an endorsement from Jarvis, so Steve decided that the deluge of questions could wait for later. Jarvis was right, three of the four occupants of the castle had been cursed by the Witch. Funny coincidence, that.
He hadn’t opened the wrong door, had he? He closed it, looked behind him at Jarvis, then opened the door again. The same street was there, packed with people milling around in the early morning sun. If he listened intently, he could hear the screaming of seagulls. He was at a port, then. He took a careful step outside, and when nothing happened, he walked out, closing the door behind him.
Steve felt that he had uncovered an important part of Tony’s past, and of the contract that bound him to Jarvis. He was one step closer to understanding their bond.
Tony jerks a bit. He hadn’t expected that. It’s…nice—
“Maybe he’s been hit with a spell or something, if he says he doesn’t remember anything—”
In less than ten minutes, they were back at the castle, Stark making sure the door was properly locked, before stumbling over to the sofa. His hands were trembling, Steve noticed.
him? Have you both gone out of your
He resolutely put his gaze on the staircase. He couldn’t start thinking along those lines if he wanted to help Stark. He needed all his strength to make it up the stairs. Stark was still moaning weakly, shuddering at random intervals, and almost unconscious now. He must have used a strong spell for it to have such an unpleasant effect when it was dispelled. Steve just hoped that Stark didn’t need that spell to stay alive. Jarvis didn’t seem too alarmed, so Steve decided he wouldn’t be either.
The flight back was quiet, Steve almost dozing off from exhaustion, safe in Tony’s iron arms.
“I. I brought you coffee.”
“Steve, just. We can talk about it, ok? Let’s act like the adults we are and—”
He needed to warn Tony, but he also really,
Tony told himself that he could live with anything as long as everyone was
Steve sucked in a breath.
He could walk in the hills for a while and hope for the best. He walked down to the door, and stopped when Jarvis said:
Why did he never think further than his own nose when it came to matters with Stark? First the thing about the money, then the hearts, and now this. It was as if any common sense leaked out of Steve’s ears as soon as Stark was involved.
Steve had brought the mandrake root into the castle, and Tony had cast the spell to make it grow a child. It had been a team effort, a dark part of Steve’s brain pointed out and laughed.
He started the walk down to the next hill, his knees aching and protesting against the continued effort. He was still panting from the climb up the first hill, and his chest felt tight. Not to mention that he felt cold, despite the heavy coat.
course
Three weeks after the battle of New York, Steve puts team training sessions in place. The activities range from mock-missions to fights in full gear to tactical programs to sparring. Tony immediately tries to come up with a good excuse to avoid sparring. He doesn’t know how to move or fight like a human anymore. He can hide behind the armour in fights, pretend that the unnaturally fast reflexes are due to Jarvis. The armour is a crutch, in more ways than one. He doesn’t want to smell sweat and adrenaline and blood up close. He’s not stupid enough to think that there won’t be any blood in Avengers sparring sessions. It happens fast. A wrong fall; a scraped knuckle; a bloody nose, are to be expected sooner or later. Tony doesn’t need that siren-song.
Steve was just finishing an almost abstract drawing of Jarvis when he heard a loud bang. He looked out of his room, and saw the bathroom door open wide, steam billowing out, Stark leaning against the frame, clad in only a white towel that sat extremely low on his hips. He was grabbing his hair in both hands and crying out a steady litany of no’s. Steve stepped out of his room, wondering what was happening, and ended up following Stark downstairs when the wizard slipped into the kitchen and slouched down into the chair near the fireplace. He was still holding his head in his hands, muttering plaintively, a puddle of water forming underneath his chair, dropping from his hair and skin.
“If you just want to know what’s on the second half, I can read it out loud:
Staying in his current state was utterly unviable. Thus, he should try to undo the curse, preferably as soon as possible. The problem was, the Witch had told him he wouldn’t be able to talk about it to anyone. He’d have to test that particular assertion at one point, but it was safe to assume that no one save magic users would realise he’d been cursed. So he needed to find one, and hope that they could help him. Unfortunately, there weren’t any licensed magicians or wizards in Brooklyne, he’d have to travel to Ma’Hattan to find any with the ability to undo such a curse. The Witch was powerful, and he’d need someone at least as capable as her to help him.
He won’t do that, though.
“Why didn’t you?”
“And the way he just flaunts his presence! This morning, I woke up, opened the curtains of my window, and there it was, his monstrous castle, just on the hill! It frightened me, to see that he dares to move his castle this close to the town. It’s a hideous thing, I must say, dark and shooting out smoke and bright lights and high-pitched whines. I reckon that the man living in such a place must be quite hideous himself. “
His heart was still beating, but it was getting difficult concentrating enough to wait for each beat. How many…?
Tony smiled, taking Steve’s hand in his own.
There was nothing wrong with Jarvis.
It takes a stupid bet with a cop for Tony to realise he’s got a drinking problem.
“Oh, that. I found it in my garden, and it looked so lonely, I decided to put it here.”
This spell was so different from the ones that Steve had seen before that he was starting to wonder if this wasn’t a joke. Would Stark make that kind of joke? He liked teasing Steve, sure, but this was so different from their usual bickering. Jarvis would know if it was a spell, or something else. Steve showed it to the fire demon, who flickered briefly, turning from blue to an angry red and blue again before Steve could ask what it was about.
He could also try to do the things on the spell and see where that left him. And if he still couldn’t find the meaning of the spell after doing everything that was written, he would still have gotten further along. Which meant that Steve was going to have to catch a falling star.
Well, there was no harm in trying.
He put his foot down, then his other foot.
Steve bowed back at the scarecrow.
, by John Donne, of course. I know the rest. Thank you, miss O’Casta, we’ll leave now.”
Steve stared at the scarecrow. That was a man? That’d been cursed?
The shield severed Jocasta’s hand, ricocheted against the wall, and flew back into Steve’s hand. Steve didn’t stop to think about the impossibility of what had just happened: his strategy had worked, and now he needed to kill Jocasta.
Steve would give him the benefit of the doubt for now, but as soon as he was awake once more, Steve would ask him about everything. How had he found himself stuck in the bushes the day after visiting Steve? Why was he at Shield? Why had he come all the way to the castle? Why was he cursed? How could Steve help him remove the curse? What did he know about the Witch of the Waste? Why had he been with her in the first place? Was he still working with or for her?
Well, there was no time like the present.
He didn’t feel the usual tiredness in his arms, didn’t feel the soreness of sitting on the wooden stool, his feet flat on the floor, his grip on the pencils and brushes strong and sure, his eyes sharp, his breathing regular and deep enough to keep from trembling. Each time he finished a painting, he put it up on his walls, wherever there was space, be it near the ceiling or just above the floor.
When Steve asked Jarvis about it, the demon just said that they had both been young and foolish boys when they made the contract.
When they let go, Tony looked at him, a little uncertainly, and said with a lopsided smile:
Maybe he has a cold. Maybe he has a fever. He could call in sick.
He’d have to spend the night walking, because if he stopped, he would suffer from the cold.
She left, and Steve was left alone with a monster wearing the tattered remains of Tony’s body.
James turned around to see Steve, most likely because the scarecrow had warned him.
“Well, there’s not much I can do about that, I guess. Now to avoid any plants that could look like mandrakes.”
been a good idea. He rubbed his wrist, trying to warm it up a little, and hissed when he jostled it. Steve wasn’t making a very convincing point, was he? He didn’t know what kind of expression he was making, but the grimace that Stark made hinted that he’d let on more than he wanted. Stark gently pushed Steve down again, and Steve was too tired to protest. When he’d crouched down to Steve’s eye-level, Stark asked him, not ungently:
Tony drinks and shivers.
A few choice words, a string of numbers, and the buzz in the back of his skull dies down along with twenty-three suits of armour. Tony looks away, away from Steve’s piercing eyes.
Of course, he’d been stupid enough to fall into her trap, but he didn’t care, as long as Tony was safe. Steve would manage.
That’s five more time loops than Tony remembers. Less than he feared, but his gut still clenches at the thought that Steve killed him
, as it was called, was illuminated just so by the moonlight on the night of the 13th of December, it would shine otherworldly, and if you missed the second-long time period where it happened, you would have to wait a whole year.
, the fingers are too strong, I couldn’t—”
It’s better than Tony could have hoped.
He could fly for hours. Or more accurately, he could be flown for hours. Because there was no mistaking that Jarvis was the one in control. It didn’t bother Steve; he was more than happy with being flown around as long as he could enjoy the view. It was one less thing to think about. He could enjoy the flight, let his thoughts wander where he wanted, all with no fear of crashing or missing his destination. Speaking of, how far where they from Shield?
Which was why he was here, staring down two soldiers who had had too much to drink, to help the girl, who clearly wanted nothing to do with them. His shout made them look up, and the men’s faces turned angry when they realised, they had been caught. Now came the tricky part. They could back off, or turn their anger towards Steve, or worse, towards the girl. So he made himself a big target, puffing up his chest, frowning—Natasha called it his “I’m disappointed in you” frown— and made his voice carry loud and clear.
Tony shot off into the building clouds, leaving a stream of light behind him. A smaller stream of yellow light followed him up into the darkness.
Tony, still looking at the fire, spoke.
In the middle of the kitchen, Jocasta stood triumphant, Jarvis’ fire almost out behind her. She tossed James to the ground, where he was immediately restrained by a suit of armour. Steve tried to shake his own suit off, but it was like trying to escape iron bars.
“You’ll see tomorrow.”
“I thought he ate people’s hearts when I first lived with him. There was no proof, absolutely none, and still I believed the worst of him, even if everything about him pointed to the contrary. He’s full of contradictions. He’ll act as if he’s forgotten you’re there, and the next moment he’ll give you something he made for you. I’ve never had that many gifts before. It’s a bit overwhelming, but if this is how he shows his affection, I’ll gratefully accept it.
Tony cleared his throat, then croaked out:
Even with a body like this, he could at least do
He didn’t want to think about it. So what if Stark couldn’t settle on an identity? So what if he was nice to his customers? So what if he practically gave away his spells to the poor? So what if Steve was allowed to stay? So what if his smiles made Steve’s heart stop? So what if he’d saved Steve’s life? So what?
“And you didn’t
Oh. Well, that was direct, at least.
“Jarvis, a little help?”
Steve dragged his gaze away from the plant in his hand, and to Tony, who had gone as pale as Jarvis seconds before him.
“I can see that; he reeks of Janet’s magic. But why is he
When Steve could see again after the blinding flare, he watched in awe as Jarvis writhed, now as tall as Tony, flames licking the walls, burning brightly in all the colours of the rainbow, his maw wide open and laughing, his eyes slanted and bright white.
Steve
He looked away as Tony walked down to his workshop.
“Maybe some other time. Now, before I give you this paper, what exactly were you trying to do with this spell?”
“I don’t control my subconscious. I don’t control what you do, Steve. I can’t…I can’t order you to hug me.”
When the kitchen was spotless again, Stark flicked his finger, and Steve floated to the couch. He could move again as soon as his back hit the cushions.
“I pulled out a scarecrow from a bush a while ago, and this morning I opened the door and it was following the castle, trying to get in. So I grabbed a pan and hit it with it. I think we managed to lose it.”
What a coincidence, Nomad meeting Iron Man.
“Then you might know why I’m here?”
His words came out as accusing, but that was how he felt. He didn’t want to scream at Tony, but now that he was thinking about it, Tony better have a good explanation as to why he hadn’t said anything.
Which makes Tony’s head reel, because that means it wasn’t the first loop, and does that mean Steve killed him before the first loop, does that mean Tony would be dead, bleeding out on the floor, if the time gem hadn’t involved itself?
A bright electric blue glow erupted from the stone. Tony rushed towards it, eyes trained on the shimmering light, already fading. He put his fingers to the crack in the rock just as the glow disappeared. He dug around, taking off his gloves and using his nails to fish out the key from where it was hidden. As it fell into his hand, he let himself breathe out in relief. He’d made it. Pepper and Rhodey would be here any minute, bringing light with them. He could hear them getting closer. God, who knew Fury would have him do even crazier stuff than his adventures for Marvels?
“Why did she curse you?” Steve took the reins of the conversation. Or better said: of the interrogation.
Tony knows that he shouldn’t even be contemplating this, that it’s the height of unprofessionalism, but he’s just so tired. He can’t afford to be anything else than at his best in this line of work. He’s putting people in danger just by being unwell.
“I trust you, Shellhead, but he really does look like Mr. Stark, even if he doesn’t have the same clothes—”
If you asked Tony how he would like to die, he’d answer something like this: Surrounded by his team, by his family, fighting to protect the Earth, the Universe, maybe reality itself, making the ultimate sacrifice to save the others. A hero’s death.
“Whas happening—whozzat.”
Tony fired. The bullet ricocheted off the armour, embedding itself in the wall, and the man shot the gun out of Tony’s hand with some kind of ray coming from the palm. Tony swore loudly and dropped to the ground, but another shot inches from his head had him freeze. The man clanked closer, burned the gun to a crisp with his hands, and dragged Tony up with a hand on his collar. The palm was glowing hot against his collarbone, daring him to try anything funny.
And then there was a letter to the Avengers, that said that Steve wanted to be on his own from now on, wanted to embrace the Nomad title, wanted to travel the world and help other people and he’d loved his time as an Avenger but it was too intertwined with Captain America and he needed space and he would come back, but not for a long time, and please don’t try to find me.
He needs to get up.
“Did you mean that, Tony?” He breathes.
. He loved these pastries, felt as if he was opening a secret present when he tasted the chocolate filling. He was eating one, sitting on a bench near the fountain, thinking about what he was going to cook for his dinner, when a nearby group of older women caught his attention. They were sitting in a circle around one of the tables, sipping lemonade and eating
Tony can’t breathe, and that’s why he unconsciously calls his armour, because another thirty seconds of this and he’ll be dead, because Steve is so focused on his anger that he doesn’t realise he’s crushing Tony, cutting off his air, pushing on his ribs and using his whole body to pin Tony against the wall. The armour surrounds him, and he pushes Steve off him, because he can’t think when Steve’s so close to him, but he uses too much force, and Steve falls hard against the worktable and lays still on the floor.
James collapsed again, but Steve couldn’t make himself move.
The next time someone mentioned the name Stark, it was one of Steve’s customers, Mrs. Carter, a regular. She’d been a good friend of Steve’s mother, and she’d stayed a friend of the Rogers’ even after her passing.
“I won’t be able to keep you like that for long. Speak quickly.”
He swallows, throat dry as he lets the word that have been hidden inside him for longer than a decade come to the surface.
Steve felt his heart surge with hope. He looked down, right into Tony’s unwavering blue stare. Steve held his breath. Was he—had he done everything right? Was Tony alright?
It was only instinct that prevented Steve from getting impaled on her hand. He rolled away at the last second, the space where his throat had been just a second ago now a charred hole.
He staggered to the castle, one hand pressed against his chest—
“Mr. Rogers, I’ll know if you’re lying to me. I assure you; I want nothing more than the best for Tony. I’m worried, because he hasn’t told me anything relating to his health in months now, and I’m afraid he’s hiding something from me.”
Tony glanced up at the opening where he’d fallen through and shouted “Over here!”.
The next day, Stark was still gone when Steve woke up. He felt good, after a night’s rest, and prepared himself two meals before stepping out of the door once more. He was going to see Natasha, and there was no scarecrow in sight to mess with his plans. He took a few steps away from the castle but stopped when he heard a deep huff and sigh from behind him. The castle had stopped moving, resting on its legs and letting out steam in steady streams. Was there something going on? The castle had never stopped moving before! Steve went inside again, just to check, he told himself.
