He drops his forehead to Cas’, half desperate to look down and watch as Cas comes on Dean’s cock, his own release mixing with Dean’s on his skin, but he doesn’t. Instead he keeps his eyes locked with Cas’ as his whole body pulls tight like a bow string before it snaps and Dean swears he sees a supernova explode in the blue-black of Cas’ eyes as he spills onto their skin. “I love you,” Cas says, his breath panting, fever-hot, against Dean’s cheek. “I love you. I love you.”
Cas' hand twitches, and Dean's certain he just watched his heart break. 'Oh Dean,' Cas says softly. 'Please, never think that. Even without knowing what I know now, I know rescuing you was the right thing to do. You didn't deserve that place even though I know you think you did. You didn't deserve what Alastair did to you, you didn't deserve for Heaven - Uriel, Zachariah,
Dean remembers another irate angel screaming the words, '
Sinking down over and over, he glances up through his lashes, locking his gaze with Cas. There’s barely a sliver of blue now, his pupils somehow dilated even further. With a whimper, Cas’ head falls back against the sheets, gasping Dean’s name repeatedly.
She pins him with such a withering stare Dean almost drops her. How she’s already managed to perfect Sam’s patented bitch-face aged 6 and a half, Dean’ll never know. ‘Well, obviously not,’ she says, as if a child had any right to be able to command that level of sarcasm. ‘Uncle Garth killed the Tooth Fairy. She was mean. Why would I want to meet her?’
Dean glances over to the kid, triumph in those golden glowing eyes. ‘We did it!’ he says excitedly and he runs to Dean, throws his arms around him and hugs tightly. Then he’s stepped away and is hugging Sam too. ‘We actually did it!’
Cas grows, pounds his fists back against the wall and spits, “You asshole,” down at Dean, who shoots a shit eating grin his way. It takes about a minute of heavy breathing before Cas' seems to come down from almost shooting his load.
, more than air, more than life.
And this is where it all goes to shit. Dean's stomach ties itself in knots because Cas pulled away. Cas pulled away and he's now gonna put his foot down, put an end to this. And Dean... he's given far too much away.
"Did you not hear me angel?" Abaddon asks, a sudden bubble of anger popping at the surface of her collected demeanour. "He's not here." Dean, no,
'Cas -'
He can feel his heart drumming violently in his chest, hear it thrumming a tattoo in his head, and he rolls off the bed, his ass feeling tender and loose.
Across his slightly fuzzy vision, Cas watches a severed head roll across the floor.
“What indeed.”
Within seconds, Cas' gaze is burning in to him. "Your cold," the angel says matter-of-factly.
“Dean?”
Except he didn't. He snatched up the nearest bottle of whiskey – a half drunk bottle that had been rest there since the night before – and downed a large mouthful. And then he started yelling. Yelling about Lucifer, and yelling about God, and yelling about Cas too, just for good measure.
"S'not," Cas whispers.
‘You’re welcome. Anytime kid. I mean it.’ And he’s surprised to find that he does.
Something broke inside Cas, and he surged forwards, bending down to press his lips to Dean's. He exhaled a sigh into Cas' mouth, ran broad hands up his thighs and drew Cas into him. There was no surprise in the way Dean kissed Cas back, no fear and no trepidation. Because of course they would wind up here, of course this was going to happen. It was always going to happen.
Dean goes down on him without elegance or ceremony. He digs his fingers into Cas' hips and swirls his tongue around Cas' leaking cock, tonguing at the slit. Above him, Cas babbles incoherently and knots his fingers through Dean's short tresses. “Dean-Dean-I'm gonna-” but Dean's already pulled back, hands off Cas' body and he's smirking up at him.
"Dean?" And he knows it's useless, knows it's pointless. Knows there's no way to try and stem the blood flow. Knows there's no grace left in him to even try and piece Dean back together again.
Cas ghosts his lips to Dean’s and breathes, “And I love you, Dean Winchester.”
‘Jesus,’ he mutters.
A flicker of hurt passes behind Cas' eyes so quickly, Dean wonders if he'd imagined it. 'Would you like another?' Cas asks, shaking the bottle in his hand.
– and that Sam was saying Yes.
"I need you too, Dean."
He tips his head up, heavily drags his face against Cas’ stubble and replies, “You. Just you.”
And god, Dean wants to make Cas come like this, wants to feel him flood his mouth, but he also knows that can wait. What he wants, more than anything right now, is to watch Cas fall apart up close. Reluctantly, he pulls off Cas’ beautiful cock and crawls back up Cas’ body, tongue sweeping across Cas’ bottom lip. And, fuck, Cas opens for him so easily, sucking his tongue into his mouth to taste himself.
He lets go and swings round to the bed, hastily unzip a duffel and presses a bottle of shitty, cheap whiskey into Cas good hand. "Drink up," he orders, his eyes dark and unreadable.
Cas’ laugh reverberates right through into Dean’s chest. He tips his head backwards, looks at Dean over his shoulder and smiles all warm and bright. “Talk to me,” he says softly, and Dean can’t help but remember a conversation in some backwater motel years ago where he’d asked Cas the exact same question and received the worst possible response. But this is now, not then, and as far as he’s concerned neither one of them have much desire to die right now.
Dean smiles, his heart feeling lighter than it has in
Dean tugs at Cas’ hair, pulls him back up his body to slot their mouths back together once more. “Lube’s in the top drawer,” Dean tells him between feverish kisses.
"Dean, it's fine," Cas says, his fingers slipping in the blood trickling from the knife wound. But the wooziness intensifies and that's when he catches sight of the blue-white glow of grace slowly drifting out of his body.
"Thought they were Croats," Dean whispers to him. Cas isn't sure why this might be a secret. Dean's eyes flicker towards the bead-covered door and then back to Cas. "Thought I was gonna have to shoot you in the head."
"Which part?" Absently, Dean rubs a hand across the Mark of Cain, feeling grateful that Cas can't see through the coat draped over him.
Cas groans into the mattress in frustration and pulling his knees under him, contemplating sitting upright. "First of all, it's not like I even wanted these bite marks," and second, you're an asshole, oh Fearless Leader." He stills when he feels Dean's hands back on his hips, squeezes his eyes tight shut when his blunt nails catch at his feverish skin, and lets go of the breath he was holding when Dean pulls down his loose yoga pants, leans in and licks.
He felt like collapsing forwards onto Dean. He was boneless and well fucked, and his legs shook with every tiny movement. Dean licked kisses against his own teeth marks on Cas' wrist and tangled his fingers into Cas' sweat drenched tresses. His eyes screwed up as Cas pulled out slowly and he whimpered when Cas ran a broad hand down Dean's side and chased it with soft kisses.
Cas doesn’t entertain it with a response either way, just keeps his hands on Dean to ground him back to reality. And after a while, the fear begins to roll off his shoulders. His voice sounds vaguely detached when he finally speaks, “Just worried.” Cas doesn’t interrupt him, hands still cupping his face, thumbs stroking his cheeks gently. “Worried I’m gonna wake up and we didn’t pull you out. Worried I’m gonna find out this was just a dream. That losing you -
The love that pours from every slight touch, every blessed kiss, that Cas smooths in to Dean's skin was never part of the equation. Dean wants to shrink away from it, protest that he's not worthy of any sort of love, let alone the love of an angel, but he can't bring himself to push Cas away.
Cas falters. In the fog around them, lightning begins to spark. A hundred of Dean’s own face flitters before him. In each one he’s smiling. The kind of smile that he’s forgotten how to put upon his face. The sort that crinkles the corners of his eyes, makes his cheeks hurt. In a few he has a bloody lip, or a bruised face. In others the smile falters into a scowl, or else turns into a look of pure indignation.
He alternates which leg he presses his kisses to, dancing his fingers lightly up trembling thighs. And because he wants nothing more than to drag this out, adorn Cas’ body with every ounce of love it’s been denied for millenia, Dean ignores Cas’ cock - mouthwateringly hard and leaking - and kisses his way back up Cas’ chest until he can suck a bruise to Cas’ collarbone.
And though the effort is monumental, Cas rolls off of Dean, and sits on the edge of the bed wincing at the pain in his ass. He rakes filthy fingers through his filthier hair and flinches when his shoulder start to scream at him in pain again.
A few quick breaths and then Dean's pushing Cas back into the nearest wall, pressing their bodies flush together and trailing devastating kisses across Cas's neck once more. “Hate this,” Dean mutters, settling his teeth over someone else's bite marks. He slides his hands back into Cas' pants and shucks them down around Cas' ankles. “Really-fucking-hate-this.” He punctures every word with nips down Cas' chest.
It takes another hour and a half for Sam’s soccer mom car to pull up tight on Baby’s ass because Sam is nothing if not a petty little bitch of a baby brother even though he’s well into his forties now.
"Go," Cas says with a wave of his hand. "Do leadery things, Dean." But Dean doesn't shift from the side of his bed. "I'm fine," he adds, and wishes it were true.
He should've told him how none of that really matters because he would do it all again in a painfully human heartbeat. How he would go through losing his wings, and his Grace, and his life, for Dean. As many times as it was necessary to keep him safe, if not healthy and whole.
The first whispers of rain started, the wind hissing angrily through the trees outside. And maybe Cas should've left it. No, Cas should've definitely left it. Instead he spat a mouthful of blood to the floor and replied indignantly, “
It's Cas' turn to flinch, and he pulls away from Dean as though burned.
'Oh I know. But you're not that angel.'
“You were dreaming of the night the Empty took me-” and Dean’s breath catches in his lungs. “-you told me to keep my pride.”
"Dean," Cas says softly.
There are tears threatening to fall from his eyes as he clings to Cas, babbling incoherently about
and a panted,
, he doesn't. He won't just yet.
He believes in them.
He doesn't know how prayer really works. He doesn't just start talking in his head to the angel like he usually might. Nor does he speak the words out loud. For a brief moment Dean wonders if every angel can hear what he's praying before he decides that even if they can, fuck 'em. He doesn't care.
‘Thanks,’ she breathes down the phone. Her voice is thick. He knows tears when he hears them.
Cas hushed him with a soft hand trailed up his side and a quick kiss planted into the hollow of Dean's exposed neck. He shuffled from the bed and rummaged through the nearest draw, fumbling through an odd mixture of bottle openers, pennies, and spare salt rounds, until he finally found the bottle of lube. He coated himself quickly before climbing back between Dean's open legs and lining himself up with Dean's entrance.
And he does. He really does. Because the thought of someone else like this with Cas, it just makes him want to torch the place to the ground.
And then a phantom-Dean is placing a hand upon a phantom-Cas’ shoulder, squaring the other hand in front of him and saying with firm sincerity, ‘Don’t ever change.’
. Because he knows. Oh god, he knows. He doesn't need to be an angel to know just how deeply Cas loves him. Doesn't need to think of all the times a demon or a monster or an angel has made a comment about the two of them. He's known for so long it's like background noise, a continuous thrum, a constant certainty, safe as the rumble of Baby's engine. He doesn't exactly remember when he realised, it almost feels like it was always there. Just something they were both aware of but never spoke of.
“I still don’t know how,” Cas says, voice muffled by Dean’s hair.
Dean shakes his head and pulls his pants up. There’s come drying on his ass and he desperately needs a shower, but he offers Cas an easy smile, hoping to convey just how sated he is. ‘So, what part did I put on the bar?’ he asks, pulling Cas forwards and into a soft kiss.
"Oh," Dean says back, all light and teasing. He nibbles at Cas' earlobe and says softly, "Really don't like seeing someone else's teeth marks on you."
He begins to pant words in to Dean's ear, broken phrases in languages that are long dead. Yet Dean knows every word, understands it because Cas' Grace is echoing them in his head - my beloved, my beloved my beloved -
"Dean, we're covered in sweat, lube, come, and in my case, blood, we should -"
see every individual snowflake that covers the windscreen. Cas' Grace is sighing sweet choruses in his ears, he can see vague imprints of light radiating from the core of the angel and he looks terrifyingly beautiful.
Cas frowns at him, pulling up a chair beside Dean. 'Whatever for?'
But today he’s got a fine tipped chisel and is working sigils into the underside. It’s tedious work and causes his hands to cramp in strange places. Every few minutes he stops to check the print-out from Rowena’s spell books. Sam had assured him that any part of the scroll of sigils would need just a drop of blood and it would activate the magic and generate a powerful shield charm.
“Exceptional,” Cas replies, a blush creeping across his own cheeks. “Are-”
"Stopping me," Dean says, taking the whiskey and drinking a bit more. "Y'know." He waves the bottle around and Cas frowns at him some more. "From burying an axe in Sam's skull or whatever."
“Dreamt about this for so long,” Dean confesses into Cas’ shoulder, breathing in the smell of sleep and fabric softener and the unmistakable scent of smoke borne from magic. There’s a frightened part of himself - the part that shattered upon well-worn fissures every time he had watched Cas die - that still half expects this to be just a dream: a beautiful dream, sure, but a dream nonetheless.
The angel presses a soft kiss to the pulse point jumping in Dean's neck. "Agree to disagree?" Cas asks, his hands slowly exploring down Dean's sides and back up his arms.
He trains his eyes on the horizon, keeps pounding the tarmac with his wheels, ignores the dents to Baby’s hood that he can see through the windscreen. He sighs heavily, somehow it still feels like the weight of the whole world is set upon his shoulders. ‘You.’ The word is acid on his tongue. ‘I’d rather have you.’ His vision blurs, a single tear tracking down his cheek. ‘Cursed or not.’
There's a flush across his chest that rises and falls rapidly with every gasped breath. Dean grins at the sight of the wet patches of come on Cas' belly, at the way his hair sticks up wildly, to the swell of his lips. Cas is a state, debauched, and he looks stunning.
Dean is still laughing when Charlie and Castiel walk in the room.
Cas puts his cup down on the counter and kisses Dean. It’s tender at first. But he wants more, wants Dean. He runs his tongue gently across Dean’s lower lip. Dean opens his eyes, smiles and leans back into Cas and allowing the kiss to deepen. Dean pulls Cas closer. He breaks the kiss resting his forehead against Cas’s. Dean’s hand rubbing small circles over Cas’s hipbones.
Holding hands, they make their way to the bedroom. Dean finds two pairs of sleep pants and hands one to Cas. Dean gets in first, Cas follows laying his head on Dean’s chest.
“You’re asking for rodents if you do it like that.” Dean knows it’s lame and he’s not sure if it's actually true.
Dean rolls his eyes, and turns away from Cas.
Dean finds himself standing outside the Roadhouse, it’s heaven. Bobby waves him over. It’s good to see him. This is his Bobby, the man who was more of a father to him than his one. Dean’s relieved it isn’t John.
Charlie sidles up to the other side of the counter.
“I gave Castiel a job waiting tables, he'll make enough from tips doing that. I won’t have family dancing.”
“You never complain when I dig my nails in,” Cas can't help but tease.
“Daddy! ‘Raff go zoooooooooooom,” Lyra grabs the rocket and the giraffe and makes flying motions toward Cas running from the kitchen to the living room.
And Zar looks suitably horrified at this suggestion. As is Dean, for that matter.
Lyra throws herself onto the floor.
“Did you like it?” Dean asks as if grinding naked into a future coworkers happens to everyone.
“Let’s hope you remember this in the morning,” Dean pulls back the shower curtain and help Cas over the side of the tub into the shower. “I’ll be right here if you need me.”
“Your smell is distracting. It’s like sandalwood, rosewater and leather. I… apologize. If I could have a moment.”
“Good for him.”
“More than ok. You’re making it hard for me not to invite you back to my bed.”
“What did you think they were?”
“I don’t want to do eternity without you, Cas.” Is that a prayer? In his whole life, he never really got that down.
It’s as close to a declaration of love as Dean has ever gotten. Stil, it occurs to Dean that taking a physical approach to his relationship with Cas may not have been the best thing to do. With Sam spending more and more time with Eileen, they’ve had the bunker more or less to themselves. Cas hung up his trench coat and committed to spending more time there with Dean. They’d discussed the every day human things like underwear (Cas goes commando most of the time) and how to make coffee. But they’d never talked about all those scary things like love, respect and trust. Because that was awfully close to feelings and Dean Winchester doesn’t do feeling. Well, he didn’t. Not until this kiss where it’s clear there are feelings all around.
“I’ve missed her pancakes.” Dean says while peppering Cas’s chin with kisses. “Did you know that the first time, she met us she said we’d be together a long forever.”
“I asked you to stay.”
“But whyyy?” Cas slurs. He sits up to hug Dean but his stomach protests and he aborts half way. Dean smiles sadly and settles for rubbing Cas’s arm.
“I’m sorry I’m getting water all over the place.” Cas decides. “I should go change before…”
His professional repuation intact, Dean ups the ante, just a bit. He calls it the Hot guy Special.
“Cassiopeia, I expect to find you sitting right here for your turn when I’m done,” Gabriel says to Castiel. “No running off to the planetarium to hide or something.”
“Balt, this is not helping.”
“You’ve been given a second chance, son.” Judge Hendrickson had said while sentencing him. “Take this as an opportunity to turn things around. Next time, we won’t be so lenient.”
“She was fine,” Dean says before Cas can step in. “No trouble at all.”
It’s the wrong question. Cas unloads all of his problems on poor Balt. He tells him how they agreed to be friends and how Dean had seen the Ramzey video. He tries to downplay the shame and self-loathing but it’s hard.
Dean can help but smirk. "You know the sooner you get those on, the sooner I get you home to take them off."
Dean wants his feet in the water and the sun on his face. He takes off his boots and his socks. The water level is high enough for his feet to soak in the water. It’s refreshing and perfect. He wishes it wasn’t. He wishes there was some fatal flaw. Something to make it feel real, maybe the feel of the deck under him, could be too hard. That’s what it used to feel like, uneven. But nah. It’s comfortable. He could stay here a long time.
Then maybe you need to give him a reason to stay.
“I don’t know Cas, just hope dessert is on the house.” Cas notes that Dean’s hand is sitting on his thigh. He thinks it looks good there.
“Go ahead,” Cas says. Dean does, passing Cas the bowl when he’s done with it. Their hands touch again. No one apologizes, no one pulls away, and Dean isn’t 100 percent sure who touched who first. Maybe it doesn’t matter.
The pitter-patter of raindrops on the roof of the new SUV  Gabe gave him as a graduation present gets louder and pulls him from his thoughts. It is a tattoo he’ll hear in his sleep for weeks to come. The
Cas means it as a statement of fact. But Dean looks ashamed of himself and like he’s trying to find the right thing to say. They are saved by the clatter of something vibrating in a metal pot. It’s loud and jarring.
In spite of himself, Cas does want to know the whole damn story. But he no longer feels he has the right to pry.
He’d been tired on earth, tired of the grind of feeling all the aches and pains from too many hits. Now, in heaven nothing hurts. He checks to find all his scars are gone. He’s back to the body he liked most. Fresh out of hell. He checks his shoulder under his t-shirt. There it is, Cas’s handprint. He places his hand on it. There is a connection there, he knows. Cas is safe doing heaven’s work, as it should be. Jack has fixed heaven. Sam, Dean knows, is living a good life. If he stretches his mind he can see it all unfolding, a wife who may or may not be Eileen (she’s out of focus), a son, the white picket fence, all the trimmings.
*****
“I didn’t think this would be so difficult,” Dean finally says. “I don’t know where to start.”
“She asked about you. Wanted to know if I’d finally married that lovely boy with the beautiful blue eyes.” Dean says.
“Thank you my dear, that was... interesting,” Zar says.
“Come on Baby Bird, time to go home.” She says as she picks Lyra up. She opens her eyes.
“Hmmmm, hard decisions…” Cas looks down at the erections straining beneath their clothing. “It’s a hard decision, looks like you might have a lot to offer a guy. Much as I’d like to do as Alanis suggests, maybe we save blow jobs for later. Your place or mine?”
“Water under the bridge. Maybe that’s the wrong expression.” Cas offers with a shrug. “Movie?”
“Dean, look at me. Tell me you want this. We can stop.”
“Hello, Dean.” He takes the cup. He takes a deep breath. “So, last night… I’m sorry.”
The music starts and well, Becky flaps, thrust and gyrates. Feathers fly everywhere. The three men tilt their heads and frown in unison, not quite understanding what the hell is going on in front of them. Becky spreads her wings and starts to remove her tail feathers by plucking them off one feather at a time.
“Oh Cas…” Awed, Dean sheds one manly tear and reaches up to touch the top of the right wing. It flinches. Dean corrects himself, Cas flinches.
“Why would you do that?”
“Then it’s a date, Dean. Knock three times if you change your mind on sleeping arrangements. You’re right the memory foam is comfy.”
Their eyes lock but neither seems to know what to do -- shaking hands seems formal, kissing too much too soon, hugging, well neither were huggers really. Dean looks down and his shoes and chuckles.
It’s a few minutes before 11 a.m. when Dean arrives at the club. The club always looks a bit worse for wear in the morning light, but crews are in giving it a good cleaning before the weekend. He spots Benny the club's head bouncer supervising over the work.
Dean pretends to think about it. Then leans in close and whispers into Cas’s ear. “Roll onto your front. I want to look at you, touch you.” Cas does not say no.
“Don’t about needing an ark, but you can’t be too careful. They say there might be some flooding. Specially out near the cabin.”
“Just a sec! There was an incident in the bathroom, we’re having a quiet momemt reading in the bedroom.” Dean says. He sounds… fine. “Come on Lyra, let’s go say hi to Cas.”
With a shimmy, Dean encourages the pants off his chiseled hips and steps out of them. Cas gasps. Dean’s completely naked before him.
Probably a lot for a guy for a man who denies liking cock. So maybe don’t.
“Cas, give me a chance to…”
Sam was furious, absolutely furious and told Dean off 11 ways to Sunday. Dean just let him. Sam was right, he was exactly the fuck up his father predicted he would be. He wasn’t worth the time anyone was giving him.
“Cas,” Dean finds himself moaning as their eyes lock after the song is over. Cas leans down and kisses him tenderly. Dean pulls away, suddenly remembering why he’s there. “Cas I want you, I really do, but we can’t, not here.”
“You’ll need to get adequately prepared if I take you as my true visage,” Cas had matter-of-factly explained as he worked the traffic cone into Dean. “These items are a good start.” Dean was speechless and not entirely sure how serious Cas was being, but wondered for a moment if he’d need to be blindfolded for that.
Not like now, now it’s all adult feeling and big words, even the biggest ones that get stuck in his chest. Cas knows what he feels. he He would be ok, more than ok, resuming his relationships with Balt and the boys, but Balt is absolutely right, he’s still in love with Dean. He loves the guys, they are great friends and he loves them dearly, but what he feels for them doesn’t hold a candle to what he feels about Dean, and about losing him. Again. But it feels like too massive a conversation to have.
“That would be acceptable.”
“Fuck!” She says again as she picks up a spoon and starts taking scooping up the beans in the stock pot and dumping into the saucepan. “Fuck fuck fuck,” she chants.
Then it all goes black.
“Can I…” he’s not sure how far he wants to go.
Dean shrugs but nods in agreement.
Cas stands up and walks towards him. “Allow me?”
Charlie is still talking. He barely hears her tirade, until she grabs his arm and forces him to look at her.
“Don’t laugh, I kind of missed you so much that I learned to make this last year. Then spent some time perfecting it. Turns out it’s delicious and easy. Tell me you still love it. And salad because we need our veggies.”
“Cas, I had a long talk with Benny. He’s been with his wife Andrea a long time, even before he quit drinking. He made me realize a few things. Like, even after two years I can’t get you out of my head. He also says that I don’t get to decide what you want or need.”
The slow build of Jimmy Page’s guitar in Since I Been Lovin’ You fills the car. Of all the songs, Cas feels this one is the most overtly sexual, slow build, massive crescendos. All of Zeppelin is about sex, but this one doesn’t even try to hide it.  But there’s a weird sound in the background.
“You would? They’re ugly and scarred.”
And so, the fairest omega in the land got off the couch because he was afraid of his mother. And he took his alpha by the hand and they went up to his apartment. Soon his place was filled with the blended of smells of cinnamon and sandalwood. And they kissed and undressed, and Dean discovered how magical Cas's hipbones were. Then they kissed more and Cas discovered that licking Dean’s slick right from the source is his favourite thing in the world. They kissed even more and Dean discovered that Cas slamming against his prostate makes him come untouched. They were kissing for the 103rd time, not that anyone was counting when Cas knotted Dean for the first time. They kissed for the 137th time and decided that they needed food. They ordered a pizza (no pineapple) and they talked about the future. And finally between kiss 143 and 145, they decided to  try for their every own happily ever after.
Hello. I made it. Nice to know I’m not forgotten.
He leans in a bit closer to Dean, tilting his head in question. It’s the most adorable thing Dean has ever seen.
Cas shakes his head. “Not in the conventional sense. Some very close friends. It is also a long story. I do need to check in, it’s late they’ll be worried.”
“Thanks Balt. You may yet find me on your doorstep.”
Charlie rolls her eyes.
“Please don’t stop on my account. I needed to clear my head. I ended up visiting with Missouri. I’m sorry for earlier. I did not handle that well.”
“Pretty sure it’s too late for that.”
The car moves a bit beneath him, like someone is sitting here with him. He refuses to opens his eyes, maybe Bobby or his mom have come to give him a talking to. He doesn’t have the patience for a pep talk.
“Dean?” Cas breaks the silence when he hears Dean’s stomach rumble.
“Dean, you don’t have to do this. I can just leave, this is strange. It’s not who I am, I just promised Gabriel I’d meet you.” But he holds Dean’s gaze. “I am sorry my smell is offensive.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says. “I have no intention of disrobing. My brother asked me to accompanying him, I hate to waste your time.”
“Microbrew from up north. I like it, grapefruit wheat. But it’s probably best if I avoid alcohol this evening.”
“Not fair, Cas. Not fair.”
“Cas, no magic shit. I was kidding about the whiskey. ” Dean gently grabs Lyra’s face so she looking at him. “Lyra, look at me. Would you like to watch Moana?”
“You two are gorgeous. But I need to say it. Dean, you hurt him again, I will find a very creative way to kill you.”
“I’ll keep the porch light on, my friend.”
“Speak for yourself, Gabe. I like him with his pants off.” Dean says. Cas stands up, and offers Dean a hand to pull him up to standing. Dean’s right there and it’ll gross Gabe out, so Cas kisses Dean.
“Then what? I’m supposed to remain virginal and pine for you while you drink and fuck your way through every bendy brunette in Kansas. Fuck you, Dean. I made real friends. People who actually care for my feelings and make me feel wanted, sexy and beautiful. Something I certainly needed help with after you fucked off.”
“Gabriel, I will disown you.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Well, drunk guys really aren’t my thing.”
“You were friends for a long time, things ended badly. You never got closure. Blah blah blah this relationship crap is Ramzey’s thing. But darling, this is but a blip. If he can’t see how amazing you are, I know some men who now live in California who always have room for you in their beds. Just as I’m sure there are a few at KU, they just won’t be as good-looking. ”
“But… “ Dean and Cas start at the same time. Charlie holds up her hand again.
*****
“I think you’re my new guilty pleasure,” Cas purrs into Dean ear, grinding up against him. A car horn sounds.
Dean nodded, closed the distance between them and kissed Cas again. Standing up was proving difficult, so he backed Dean onto the bed. Straddling Dean’s lap, he reached between them. Dean moaned and that made Cas that much harder.
“Oh, we are at the ‘I hate you so much’ part of this little pas-à-deux. Oh Cassie, darling, unresolved sexual tension is such a bitch.”
“And why would I do that?”
“Handmaiden, Number One, don’t you two look cosy back there.” Charlie is smirking. “I’m glad you both kept it PG-13 for the customers.”
“I’m sorry it took so long. Gollum had to look at rings,” she says, as if that explains everything. “I hope she wasn’t any trouble.”
Can you send me the videos? I’ll play them when I miss you.
Dean chuckles. “That was ok? Feeling a bit out of practice,” Dean admits.
“Jack, is there a plan B here?”
“I remember some things too. It’ll make leftovers we can freeze since we aren’t sure how long we’ll be stuck here.”
Dean leans back, closes his eyes. He is just going to rest a moment, figure out next steps on how to get to Cas. Even if nothing comes of it, he’s got some stuff to get off his chest. Maybe Joshua is still around, or maybe Missouri or Pamela. Definitely Ash, if anyone can figure how to hack the heavenly program, it’s him.
“What’s the matter, Angel.” Dean mocks shaking his ass is his direction. “This too low-brow for your delicate ears. Too much Kenny G makes Cas a dull boy, you know.”
Dean stands there, his ears red, head bowed down. He looks ashamed. Cas is pretty sure he may be overreacting but he’s wanted this out of his system for a while.
DUI? But Dean couldn’t still be drunk. Could he? He’d slept, he felt ok. And now, well, he felt hungover with a different kind of wicked headache and sore shoulder. Dean looked down to see an empty bottle of JD on the floor by the passenger side door. He doesn’t know how it got there.
Dean accepted some time ago that his thing for dark hair and blue eyes wasn’t gender specific. It may be Cas specific and if Cas’s were just some guy in a bar it would be easier. Pick him up, take him home, get it out of his system. But Cas is not just some super hot guy in a bar, he means something to Dean. With Cas, he wants a real adult relationship with sex, snuggling and all the trimmings, but also friendship and laughter and all the things they have now.
Gabriel shoots his vodka, and pours himself and Dean another round. It’s top shelf. Dean does not refuse, he’s off tomorrow.
“If nothing else, this is making for a good story. You know, it’s an Italian restaurant. How bad can it be?” Cas says. “Not like there were brains on the menu or something.”
His mind wanders back to Dean. They met in middle school — the teacher assigned this beautiful boy to sit next to Cas, no doubt because Cas was quiet, studious and Dean was anything but. That first day, when it became clear that Dean didn’t have lunch, Cas shared his — true to the Christian values he’d been taught in Sunday school. They struck up an unusual friendship, Dean’s ease with people a sharp contrast to Cas’s awkwardness. And soon there was rarely a Dean without Cas.
“We don’t have to do any of that though, if it makes you uncomfortable. We can just hold each other under the covers.”
“Hmmm, I’d have gone with Picard,” Cas opines.
“Dean, you smell like a distillery. Paramedics are on the way.”
He pulls up a chair and sits down across from Cas, leans forward so that his elbows are on his knees.
She smiles kindly.
I think you mentioned.
“My favourite poison now. I was just firing up Unforgiven, an old Eastwood flick. There’s room on the couch.”
He tries to imagine  the look on John Winchester’s face if Dean were to stroll into their heaven with a man-shaped angel on his arm for Sunday dinner. Dean laughs to himself. Dean’s actually not sure what would bother his dad more. The gay or the monster.
“The green one on the bottom.”
“I’ll ask Gabe where he gets his pies, he can bring us a couple.” Sam says, finally breaking the silence.
At the time, he’d said he was angry that Bobby had taken over in running the garage again. Truth is, Bobby had to or the whole thing was going to go bankrupt. Dean wasn’t managing, he was always late, rarely there. In fact, his uncle was doing him a solid keeping him on as a mechanic — even though he’d been relegated to mostly oil changes and tune-ups.
“You want to touch my wings, but they aren’t what the used to be.” Cas flicks up the one behind Dean.
“You ok?” Cas asks nuzzling down Dean’s neck to his chest.  He licks the nipple right under the protection tattoo.
“A deal is a deal Cassie baby, you’re next.”  Gabriel followed the redhead in with a wink at Castiel. “Even if Dean-o will be off the market by then.”
“I'd like that... but only if you make me pancakes.”
Dean melts a bit, it’s the best thing he’s seen in a long time. He can do this, he can be friends with Cas. He knows it’s not exactly what he wants but Dean Winchester does not get good things — therapy and AA haven’t erased that last legacy of John’s, but he vows to do right by Cas.
“Dean, this is lovely.” And Cas kisses his cheek. That makes Dean blush. Cas vows to make Dean blush like that often.
Dean nuzzles at Cas’s neck, nibbling on collarbone, loving the way Cas ruts up against him. He kisses down to his nipple, licking, sucking. Evey moan and gasp reminds him of all the time he’s wasted. This could have been his all along. He sucks a bruise onto Cas’s collarbone. He really should have asked first. He pauses a moment, when strong hands pulls him back up.
“Dude, you can’t wear sandals around a chain saw,” Dean says. “Cute feet though.”
“It’s because I am here, you fucking moron.”
Dean chuckles. “I’ll show you later. But no, definitely not for children. Here you’ll want to wipe the jello off the couch.” He hands Cas a rag.
“You’re going to have to stand to get your pants off. Up you go.” Dean says as he kneels in front of Cas. “Hold onto to my shoulders for balance. Lift your foot.”
“There’s been tornado warnings on and off all day. I couldn’t live with myself either… please just stay. It’s just one night and you won’t even know I’m here.”
Goodbye, Dean.
“Whao! Slow down there slugger. I had to carry you back here a few hours ago. You sure can handle being upright for that long?”
Gabe continues “Dude, I’m worried about the guy. I thought he was doing better, but something happened on Thursday. He’s been on some sort of bender since, won’t answer his phone.”
,” Dean thinks. His button fly is at eye level. Cas looks up to Dean eyes while biting his lower lip, Dean waits until Cas's eyes track down once more. Dean slowly slowly sways as he undoes one small button of his fly at a time.
“Midnight is in five minutes,” Charlie counters. “That’s waiting?”
“Dean, stop. Would you want to go with me?” Cas is trying not to sound dumbfounded and flustered.
It’s Thursday afternoon and like every Thursday this month, Dean walks into the living room and curls up in the large chair and waits to see what new depths the alphas of his race have sunk.  Each Thursday has been a long line of “just when you didn’t think it couldn’t get weirder”. There’s the brunette in the low cut dress who walked in and kissed him, the pleather clad red-head with big lips who wanted him to help run her army, and the creepy museum dude who wanted to make him the centrepiece of his collection (he smelled like moth balls).
Dean gives a mini-fist pump.
“I had it coming.”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas whispers. “Can we keep a kitten or two?”
“Dean, this is Castiel Milton. Last one for today.”
Their shifts are over soon enough, and closing down shop for the night begins. Castiel only gets distracted a few times when counting the day’s receipts, as he watches Dean biting his lower lip in concentration. It is taking a bit longer for them to close than it usually does. It’s been a busy day. Reaylly.
“Wait until I’m done drying you off.”
Cas must look distraught. Garth puts his hand on his shoulder to reassure.
“Fuck, Sam I know. I know. I just needed some alone time.”
“Kind of hidden by my eyebrows… see.”
The Milton matriarch spent much of her time begrudging the fact that her two younger boys were refusing to mate each for their own reasons. If her alpha spouse had been more present, she’s sure they’ve have been arranged by now. But Chuck taken off on one of his research projects and wasn’t due back for six months. She’d let the boys know that upon the return of their father next month, they would both be married off unless they found suitable mates by then. What’s more she expected her sons to actually look.
“Poor Kev, man,” Gabriel says. “Smart money is on him not making it to midnight.”
“I… um…thanks for that I think,” Dean stutters.
“You two just need to hang out outside work. We’re having a game night after work tonight. You should come.”
There is Ramzey naked, jerking off while he sucks Cas’s dick. Dean is watching him getting his dick sucked. Things are shit between them anyway. Maybe Dean won’t be able to tell it’s him. The shot does not include Cas’s face — so he goes for plausible deniability, grateful that he keeps his laptop on mute before the sounds of slurps and moans start filling the living room. But Dean is blocking his way, so he can’t turn it off.  He sends a quiet prayer to the universe asking for the Earth to break open and swallow him whole.
“You’re going to have to explain this to me, because I don't understand.”
“Now the hard stuff, you and Dean.”
“I’m sorry, Cas. I just can’t ... ”
“It can wait.” Cas takes a deep breath, doesn’t let go of Dean. He stands up, blanket falling at his feet so they are eye to eye.
“Were you saying something?” Cas says. “Pass me the bowl for the spinach dip?”
“Cas, I’ve killed rabid rugarus with bigger injuries,” Dean says trying to put space between them.
Jamie nods a bit sheepishly. “My dad used to listen to it,” she explains. “He’s got an old copy that’s badly scratched. I was hoping to replace it.”
Is that a jab? Cas isn’t sure. Two years of radio silence, and this is what he gets. He’d expected an apology, something, anything other than fuck-me eyes, a towel, and a chat about the fucking weather. Dean looks at him again.
“You could check to see with the sheriff, she can arrange to get you out but you’d have to leave your car for now. And the forecast isn’t good, they’re calling for big winds and more rain tonight. It’s ok now, but things turn quickly around here. Sit back, open a cold one and enjoy Mother Nature’s light show.”
“Because you love him.” Missouri says out of nowhere. “You know him, Castiel. That boy will talk to you, but you’re going to have to start the conversation. Eat together, I find that boy always does better when he’s had a decent meal.”
“In the flesh.”
“But this body has wings, I can’t see or touch?”
Dean pauses, closes his eyes, takes a deep breath and tries not to picture it. School must have changed a lot since he dropped out. “You what now?”
“So so so ok, more than ok, I just want…”
“I would never complain about your homemade pie.”
Cas drives back out toward the bridge, he sees someone standing by the barricade in a long police raincoat. They are too tall to be Jody. Cas pulls his SUV beside him, and rolls down the window. The bridge, what’s left of it anyway, is under at least a foot of water.
Dean said nothing, just cupped Cas’s cheek as he kissed him more tenderly this time.
“We both know what the consequences of a nephilim are. And really, apart from the murderous reaper, you’re the only human I’ve been with.”
Ah yes, the pretty girl needs help with an album, Dean wants Cas to be his wingman. This is an easy one, Dean should know this, it’s a classic. He calls himslef a metal head but his music tastes are quite a bit broader (though the Taylor Swift thing he will never fully understand.) Castiel tries to suppress an eye-roll, Dean probably wants to show her that he can be kind to the ugly people. That’s what the smile had been about. Foolish of him to think otherwise, Charlie is putting ideas into his head.
“Don’t dare me little bro, I will tell her that there was a perfect omega and you turned him down.”
The next half hour was dreamlike: them stumbling to get his apartment door open, Dean slamming Cas against the door to run his hands up under his shirt, reaching for Cas’s belt. He should have stopped it and forced Dean to talk to him but he’d wanted this for so damn long. Dean was there in his arms finally.
It felt honest and open, something he’d forgotten was possible after spending so much time repressing all his feelings for Dean. Balt was the wild party animal, Ramzey who could hold his own but acted as the group therapist, and Carter, beautiful Carter who was all about making sure everyone ate well and took care of themselves physically. It was a household filled with love and caring.
The tree finally dealt with, tempers calmed. Dean and Cas make it back to the cabin in silence,Cas lost in Missouri’s words. He doesn’t know what he wants or if he wants to stay. Dean seems to be in a similar state of mind and they co-exist in silence. Cas opts to check in with folks, see if the boys are up to anything interesting.
Dean looks right at Cas, tracking between his eyes and his lips. Cas gently touches Dean’s cheek. Dean leans into it. Turning his head to gently kiss Cas’s palm. That’s all it takes, and Cas finally closes the distance. It’s a gentle unhurried touch of lips, and Cas feels it into his toes. It’s only then he realizes that they are both shirtless. He takes a step closer and feels Dean’s chest against his own. He lets go of Dean’s hand to pull Dean closer. Dean sighs, Cas nips and teases Dean’s lips. He feels Dean smile before letting Cas gently lick into his mouth. It’s everything their first kiss wasn’t. Tender, slow, with a promise of so much more.
“You too. Was Santa good to you? I’m not entirely sure you made the nice list.”
“What am I going to do with you two?” She gives a deep sigh. “There is so much love here, it’s what keeps drawing you back. But you both seem to be throwing up roadblocks.Cas, you need to decide whether you want to stay or go.”
“And I want to respect you and your wishes,” Cas says as he pulls away from dean. Dean whimpers.
“Don’t you two look cozy,” Dean whispers. “I just got a text from her mom. They’ll be here soon. I’ve tidied and packed up her things.”
“Sam and I have better things to talk about than whatever your ‘situation’ is.” He uses air-quotes and feels a bit silly about it. “I meant that it’s been a long drive. Not that I’ll get drunk and throw myself at you again, if that’s the situation in question. I’m going to make myself a cup of tea and turn in for the night.” The silence between them is suddenly louder than the rain hitting the windows of the cabin.
You saw the guy, you’ve seen Cas. If orgasms weren’t exchanged I am flying to Kansas to make sure I understand where the hell they went wrong.
They are led to a quiet candlelit corner booth. The host hands them their menus and they snuggle in close enough that their legs are touching. The pretence of friends out for dinner has been mostly dropped.
Cas was rendered speechless. How could he have misread this situation? He was just so sure. Dean couldn’t what? Be bi? Be with him? Assuming the worst, Cas decided he’d pushed Dean too far, too fast and led him headfirst into a big gay panic. Cas washed himself off, got under the covers and wondered what he had gone wrong.
“Not sure when I’ll see you again. Hopefully not for a long long time. I love you, Sammy.” Then it all changes.
“You don’t care about pleasing Mother. Try again.”
Conversation is a bit more fluid after that, Cas discovers Dean has dabbled in jazz enough to know his Coltrane from his Parker. And Dean learns that deep down Cas really loves a beautifully executed guitar solo. There may be more musical common ground there after all.
“Just give me a sec, let me finish. I know we talked about being friends earlier, and I’ll take what I can get. But…” Dean turns to Cas. “Deep down, I’d like more. I don’t like labels, I guess I’m bi, probably more gay than bi. But whatever…and you’re smart and going places. Me, well, I’m just a recovering drunk with daddy issues and oil under his fingernails. But damn it, I miss you. And jesus fuck, your hip bones might just have given me a fetish. ”
Dean grabs his hand and leads him to a chair on the stage close to the pole. “Ok, sit. So here are our rules. Clients stay seated, dicks in pants, hands where I can see them. This is a big one. Allows you to stay in control. They aren’t allowed to touch the dancers, but we can touch them. That’s pretty much it. I try not to turn my back to the clients. But there are cameras,” Dean points to a few conspicuous spot on the ceiling. “Benny and his crew will come help if need be.”
Castiel starts leafing through the research on Dean’s bed. Dean takes a step back and knocks over a trash can.
“Do you want me to stop, I will if it’s too much?”
Dean hates that it’s going to come down to some sort of lovesick puppy dog confession, when he doesn’t have a snowball’s chance of things going his way.
Cas lets the words wash over him, it’s definitely not like it was. Never would be, if Cas has anything to do with it.
“Only lovely blue-eyed boy I know.” Dean says with his most charming smile. Cas scowls, it feels like Dean’s flirting.
“Oh my god, I prayed to you didn’t I? Fuck, last time I did that I was… shit. You thought…” As it slowly dawns on Dean exactly what he had done.
Fine is not how Cas would describe this situation nor the one with his bladder. He catches Dean’s eye and motions to Dean that he’s going to the bathroom. Dean nods.
Nothing much mattered to him after that, not really. So he shoved it down deep. Pretended everything was fine. Maybe Cas was happy now, or he felt like his sacrifice wasn’t worth it in the end. Maybe he just wanted to fly around doing whatever it was angels did. Or Cas was disappointed in Dean. Maybe Cas was happy “in the being” and didn’t need more.
Dean thinks to himself.
“Stay with me tonight, Dean.”
Dean extends his hand to help Cas up. But the booze has made balance difficult and Cas ends up with his arms wrapped around Dean’s neck. He straightens up a bit and kisses Dean. Dean’s a bit surprised, reciprocates at first but gently pulls Cas away.
“I don’t know what to say.”
But it’s over too soon.
Soon might come more quickly than Balt thinks. Or not. Maybe Cas will die in this car. There was talk of a possible contract with UCLA. Maybe he’ll call them in the morning. Fuck Kansas. Fuck the weather. Fuck Dean Winchester. A voice in the back of his head reminds him that nearly fucking Dean was what got him in all this trouble in the first place.
They can see the trees bending in the storm. A gust of wind rattles the windows on the porch, then there’s a click and the pitter-patter of rain hitting windows,
“Please don’t.” Dean beams and if Castiel heart feels like it’s grown three sizes right then, no one needs to know.
“I suppose good luck is the right thing to say, but you know how degrading I find all this. For all of us.” Castiel said a bit louder than he’d intended. “I don’t even want a mate let alone in this sort weird game show environment.”
Cas gives a deep chuckle like they’ve won this round.
Cas presses back into Dean. It hasn’t been that long since he’s shared a bed with someone. But, this feels different. Right, somehow.
“Hey, sweetie. Don’t do that! I want to see and … I’m here for you. I care...” Dean falters.
“Better.”
Cas made his way up Dean’s body slowly. Cas gasped in surprise when Dean reached into Cas’s pants first.
“You boys are a dangerous mix of stubborn and silly. There will always be a Castiel and Dean. There is a bond between you. Even now, even after you walked away and he let you. It’s stronger than you both, and it will always find a way to bring you back together if you try to stray too far.”
“Cas, please… kiss me.”
Nice to know some things don’t change.
But you know that’s not how it happened. They were decorating the living room for their annual New Year’s Party, making sure the tree was secure to prevent a repeat of the unfortunate Ash incident of 2015. A small, if heated, debate arose over whether or not to give people confetti to throw at midnight. Then Cas, ignoring their many discussions about personal space, walked right into Dean’s.
“Dean-o, do you have a sudden urge to cross the road?” Gabe asks. Dean holds back a guffaw.
“Listen Cas, I know I’m not your first choice for a date, but it’ll make a really good story about how you slummed it with a metal head. I’m told I’m not hard on the eyes.” Dean is talking brave but he keeps looking at his feet.
“Great! How’s day after tomorrow at 11 am,” Gabriel says. Dean nods and curses his life.
-----
Dean kisses Cas. “Hmmm… smart smart woman.”
Her home is cosy and warm, it smells like her molasses cookies and something else he can’t quite place. They catch up and the longer he stays the less he wants to leave. He wishes things had been more like this with his mom.
“Morning, Sunshine.”
Dean guffaws. “You’re like the anti-Darth Vader. ‘Luke, I am not your father.’”
“I think I just did. So do you want to fuck everyone you dance for?”
“They’re beautiful, Cas.”
“Cas and I are adults. We’ll be ok for a night. I’ll head back to Bobby’s in the morning after the storm passes and you can give me shit about how I fucked up yet another good thing. And everything can go back to the way it was.”
“Gabriel, he’s a man who happens to be an omega not some rare unicorn.”
“You’re lucky no one else was hurt — saving fucking assholes like you is NOT what I signed up for,” the paramedic said as he jabbed a needle into Dean’s arm. Dean deserved this pain too, so he just looked away. “Fucking always picking up the pieces of innocent lives after people like you wreck them.”
“I have held other toddlers, Dean. Some do, indeed, bite.”
“Cassie, this is just a bit of fun. Come along, I booked us the last two spots of the day. I’ll even take you to Benny’s for that gumbo you love so much.”
As they say their goodbyes, she mentions something about needing help with a fallen tree tomorrow.
“Don’t say anything. I’m not heartbroken. We’re still very close friends.”
“Orange is my favourite,” Cas whispers into Dean’s ear. "The best colour to tame green-eyed Adonises who like to tease." Then Cas straddles his chair and Dean's got a lap full of muscular tattooed dancer.  Dean gives a desperate sort of exhale as he remembers the no-touching rule. A voice inside Dean’s head wonders if licking counts as touching. Cas smirks, looking right at Dean before running his sweaty bare chest against Dean’s. Then he’s face to face with the beautiful muscular dancer, who looks like he might want to kiss him but pulls away at the last moment. As Robert Plant wails in the background as the song reaches its natural climax.
Dean kisses Cas’s cheek.
“Dakar, Coltrane right?” Castiel overhears Dean telling a customer with an unruly silver beard. “Amazing album, I’m not sure if we have it. Hey Cas, do you know…”
“It’s one of my favourites. A Charlie Brown Christmas, The Vince Guaraldi Trio. It’s a classic really. Would you like to hear it to be sure?” He may as well get something out of this. Without waiting for an answer, Cas walks over to the store turntable and turns off the infernal uninspired guitar and places the album on the turntable.
Dean laughs.
“Not sure a home littered with the contents of a liquor store counts as fine,” Dean picks up the empty bottle by the bed. “And you’re not making a whole lot of sense.”
Cas squirms. What does he say? How does he explain what happened without it sounding like a cascade of bad drunken decisions snowballed into losing Dean? He’s spent all this time trying to move on and make a new life but he just can’t seem to do it. And right now, at this moment, he really hates himself for it.
“Here. Yeah, I should have called. But you haven’t exactly been happy to hear from me…”
Dean starts the shower, Cas sits on the toilet. While the water warms he helps Cas get his shirt off. It should be erotic but much to Cas’s dismay, it’s really a bit clinical.
“What about right now?”
“Mr. Novak, our first date will be here on the porch, 6 p.m. I’m going to see if I can get the generator going for the fridge and stove.” Then he pulls away. Cas misses his heat immediately.
“I really am, I’m on top just like you like.” Cas looks at Dean seriously a bit more seriously. “Does it always feel like this?”
," and that voice, that needy, hungry voice, makes Cas feel like his blood is on fire.
Number four hundred and six had begged, not for his own life, but for Sam's. Cas wobbled for agonising seconds, but had done as Naomi had ordered.
Dean shoots a look up at the popcorn ceiling, eyes losing focus. “Thought I was seeing you,
And he doesn’t think he believes that, but in this moment, with Cas’ fingers buried in his ass working him open, Cas’ mouth marking his shoulders up, he thinks this is perfect. This moment, them, just like this. “You are,” Dean says, voice thick and slow, brain trudging through molasses to form a coherent thought.
"I said don't
“I’ve only just woken up, ergo it’s morning.” Cas rolls over with a huff, turning his back on Dean, and Dean can’t help but smile. He shuffles forwards, no longer as terrified of being so close as he had been last night. He nuzzles his nose into the soft curls at the nape of Cas’ neck, slinks his hands under the Henley Cas wears to drag his thumb over the butter soft skin of Cas’ hip bone.
He'd gone after Dean then, making his own path through the camp full of survivors that were wrestling everything inside cabins or else pulling large tarps over anything still outside. Storm was well on its way, if the long distant muttering of thunder and the rioting black clouds were any indication.
Dean feels as though the air in the car's been sucked out. They don't talk about this. They never talk about this. "Why are you telling me this?" he asks, surprised to hear his voice sounding strong and unwavering.
He doesn't move until Sam clears his throat behind him. His eyes are rimmed red and puffy. 'Where's Cas?' he asks.
He feels like he could see every star at once... he
His love for Dean flares through him like a supernova, burns with the heat of a thousand suns exploding into existence. He's not sure when he became aware of it, if it was before the world didn't end or after he'd made his deal with Crowley, but he was certain of it when his memories had flooded back, and it had burnt inside of him as he ran through Purgatory alone.
This is by far the worst idea Dean had ever had, and considering he'd sold his own soul and gone to hell, that is really saying something. After all, who goes trecking through ancient graveyards in a snow storm, chasing after a ghost who's cold spots were probably warmer than the air outside? Dumb people, that's who. And right now, Dean's very aware that he falls exclusively into that category.
And it’s all Dean can do to hold on, white knuckling against the bar, head tipped low as Cas bottoms out, pressed flush against him. Somewhere along the way he must’ve groaned out the ‘Yes’ that was rattling around in his brain because as Cas draws out, igniting every nerve on fire, and slams back in he splays his hand across Dean’s sternum and continues, ‘This soul is claimed by He that restored it to glory.’ Dean feels swamped, like his entire body is being consumed by Cas. ‘If any beast or angel dare harm thee, thy shall feel the wrath of heaven rain down upon thy, so say I, Castiel, shield of the beloved Righteous Man.’
Dean laughs too and presses a sloppy kiss to Cas’ cheek. “Sorry, buddy, but you really do.”
Dean bites out, nipping his teeth against the dark bruise and Cas squirms, letting out a huffy little moan. He licks at a trail of sweat just behind Cas' ear and sucks his own bruises over half-faded ones on Cas' collarbone, letting his right hand drift down into Cas' pyjama pants to make a loose fist around Cas' hardening cock. Cas grinds back into Dean's own erection and mumbles something incoherent, maybe mentions that he's already ready, that he needs Dean in him, wants to ride him til he comes over his own chest and Dean's rhythm stutters, stops, and his hand is backing off.
. “I’ve been a bad influence on you,” he says, putting the two mugs of steaming Joe on the side table. He slides back under the covers, his cold feet seeking out Cas’ warmth.
"You have," Cas says mildly, scratching at the line of stubble littering his jaw. "Twice in fact."
When Naomi had drilled into Cas' hardware and programmed him to kill Dean Winchester should he endanger their mission, she'd made him practice.
Most vamps chowed down on Croats. They weren't particularly appetising in the way a hamburger ain't exactly a steak, but they did the trick and they kept the vamps ticking. So Cas feels that upon stumbling into a nest of three vamps that he was probably doing the right thing by offering them the same deal they'd offered the last five.
Miracle comes bounding forwards, paws damp and muddy, her leash nowhere in sight. She’s propped up on Claire’s legs, sniffing at her face with enthusiastic interest for such an old girl. But Dean doesn’t pay much mind to his shaggy ball of fluff, not when someone has appeared from the treeline, jeans rolled up to his knees, boots and dog leash hanging from his right hand. The sun shines brown and grey into his black tresses, the blue of the water glitters in his eyes and there’s a shine of silver on his left hand that has Dean absently fiddling with his own matching ring.
‘Uncle Dean, guess what! I lost my first tooth!’ she tells him excitedly, her mouth cracking open wide to reveal a gummy space where her top right incisor used to be.
A crease appears on Cas’ brow. “Are you saying I smell or-”
'I was constantly getting pulled back into reprogramming apparently.' Cas gazes off into the bunker, and Dean's sure he can almost see the cogs whirring in Cas' mind. 'But since I pulled you from Hell, it's not stuck in any sort of meaningful way. Heaven reminded me before Jimmy died, but even then I couldn't bare to see harm to come to you.'
‘You know how to take out a Lamia?’
alive.” He ducks his gaze until Cas can do but one thing: look at him. “
"S'impossible," says Cas, fitting their mouths back together, and just like that even more Grace spills past his lips and rushes through Dean's bloodstream. "This makes that impossible."
And then Dean's tongue is back in place, long languid swipes across Cas' semi loose hole, darting in to taste him at regular intervals. "What'd you think?" Dean mumbles against his fever-hot skin, ghosting the tip of one lubed finger against his entrance. "This what you want?"
“I thought,” Cas says, puncturing the words with a drag of his lips up Dean’s neck, “that was the whole point.” And just to drive that thought home, he starts sucking a bruise into Dean’s pulsepoint.
Cas is in the middle of the room wearing a loose fitting pair of pyjama pants and stretching down to touch his toes. He catches sight of Dean through his legs and slowly rights himself, rolling his shoulders as he goes, making the anti-possession tattoo between his shoulder blades shift across his skin. Bruises and bite marks scatter his neck and there are a scratch marks trailing down Cas' upper arms and across his sides.
When the call comes in, he doesn’t hear it at first, too preoccupied installing a shelving unit on the back wall. The stereo is up loud so he can hear Freddie’s vocals over his hammer. He climbs down the stepladder and picks up his cell from its place on the felt of the new pool table. There’s a missed call and two unread messages.
After quite some time, Dean says a quiet, "I, uh." He hesitates, clears his throat and continues with, "I never thanked you."
But Cas knew it would succeed. He had faith in Sam. The thought brought him a strange sense of comfort. He may no longer have faith in his Father or the angels, but he'd found faith in a brother. Even one that had been born for Lucifer.
Cas brings his hand up to his mouth and presses a kiss to the ring on Dean’s finger and something warms him from the inside out. He can have this, he’s
Cas pulls back just slightly, giving them both space to breathe. There's a pink tinge crested across his cheeks, and his eyes are feral, blown with desire.
Dean comes with a shout of surprise, the heat exploding from him from nowhere, blind siding him. And there's no come down, no release, as Cas keeps thrusting through the mess, and all Dean can do is hold on tight as another roll of pleasure curls up and he's too sensitive and it's all too much but Cas makes soothing noises, whilst his Grace sings, love love love.
"In the morning." Dean's reply is almost swallowed by the pillow.
He hops down off the bar stool, stretching up towards the ceiling and exposing the skin of his stomach. Dean’s mouth goes dry. “Shower?” he asks, his voice sounding strained even to his own ears.
The wind was knocked from Cas' sails and his shoulders slumped. Because sure, he could hate Dean for turning into an ass, but he had every damn right to be one. And if Dean was an ass, then Cas was one too. He took a tentative step towards Dean, and then another, and another, and maybe it was because he had a stomach full of whiskey and resentment, or maybe it was just because Cas knew what it was like to lose your whole damn family to the same damn fight, but he reached out and ran his fingers through Dean's short hair.
Cas feels flooded, swamped with the feel of contentedness and need all thrown together at once, and he's suddenly wired as hell. "Oh," he whispers into his flat pillow, and he can feel Dean's grin against his skin.
‘Fuck,’ Dean moans, as Cas slowly eases out of him. He’s a filthy mess of come and sweat, and he still needs the solidity of the bar to keep him from just turning into a puddle on the floor.
When he climbs back onto the bed, Dean's fingers stop their clever ministrations and he sighs with relief, his whole body unravelling before Cas' eyes. Carefully, Cas reaches out to stroke a broad hand down Dean's spine like he would a wild animal. "I'm here," he says softly, watching Dean nod in the ever-growing darkness.
It would be easy, Dean knows. Easy to bridge the gap between them, to press their lips together, to finally allow himself to have this. Have
Dean pulls back, takes in the sight of the man before him, desperately trying to figure out if Cas is yanking his leg or being serious. ‘You’re fucking with me,’ he says finally.
Dean snorts softly and knocks back another mouthful, feeling his brain begin to lag. He wonders how much of that is down to the alcohol and how much is down to the cold.
He tilts his head just enough to nuzzle behind Cas’ ear, delighting in the domesticity of the whole thing. This is something Dean never expected he’d get, let alone be allowed to keep, and the uncertain edge nestled in his gut is unlikely to go away anytime soon. But Cas’ weight is solid and warm, persistent and comforting, and Dean clings to it. All he wants is to wake up like this every day from now on.
Instead, he crooks his fingers just slightly and Dean promptly shuts the fuck up with a string of panted, ah's.
"Fine, fine," Dean huffs, rolling out of the bed with a grunt.
Cas drapes himself forwards, chest to Dean's back, and peppers kisses across Dean's shoulder blades, still thrusting into Dean in a steady rhythm that shows no sign of faltering just yet.
Cas smiles back, eyes soft and a small tilt of his lips. "You don't need to thank me, Dean," he says in little more than a whisper. The moonlight outside filters through the clumps of snow and mottles shadows over the angels' skin.
The flush that spreads across his cheeks is hot and glowing within an instant. He wants to make a quick joke, a knee-jerk quip like,
Cas purses his lips, his brow furrowed. And Dean steels himself for the let down, for his heart to get ripped clean out of his chest. Rookie mistake, Winchester, you should've known this was coming.
- to push you back into your traumas afterwards. You didn't deserve to see your brother taken by Lucifer and you certainly didn't deserve to be twisted and broken and turned into a demon. Meeting you, knowing you, and Sam, Bobby, Charlie, Kevin, your mother, has changed me. For the better, I like to think.'
'Naomi -' and Dean flinches at that name '- she once told me I was cracked, broken. Always had been.'
Again, they remain resolutely in place. If Dean thought they could get away with it, he wouldn’t move from this spot ever again, regardless of the come cooling on his thighs and his stomach.
Dean dragged the shirt up over Cas' head and ran his calloused hands down Cas' smooth spine. He stilled, his eyes – wide and shining, pupils blown, reflecting the occasional flash of lightning that filtered in through the grimy windows – trained some point over Cas' shoulder. And Cas knew. Knew he was imagining the wings that once unfurled from his shoulder blades. Knew because Cas could still feel the phantom weight of the bones and the feathers. Could always feel the ghostly wings dragging uselessly behind him as he navigated his own humanity.
, he adds to himself.
He hums contentedly as Dean's hands slide across his bare skin and begins to knead at the small of his back. His thumbs press little circles into his skin, smoothing out knots and chasing away aches. Dean's hands ride higher and higher, working with precision, and Cas just goes with it. Closes his eyes and sinks in to the mattress, giving over to the sensation.
, but Cas’ weight doesn’t budge. Instead all he does is suck Dean’s tongue into his mouth, quick and filthy. Fucking perfect.
"You should stay outta my head," Dean mumbles without any heat to the words. He nips at the soft skin of Cas' neck and is rewarded with another roll of the hips.
,” Cas breathes, an unholy prayer for Dean’s ears only. His thighs tremble against Dean’s chest, clearly struggling to reign in his desire to just fuck Dean’s face with reckless abandon. And the hazy, lust fueled part of Dean’s brain wants nothing more than to let him, to brace his arms, let Cas tangle his hands into Dean’s hair and just have at him, but no. Dean drags up, tongues at the slit again before sinking back down, creating a punishing rhythm that has Cas’ hands twisting into the sheets, petting at Dean’s face and carding through his hair.
Jack pauses, brow furrowed, and he looks so much like Cas that the sight catches his breath. He tilts his head and it’s all Dean can do to remain upright. 'But aren't you coming with us?' Jack asks.
“Yes.” Cas has softened and slipped out of him but he doesn’t move from where he lays sprawled across Dean’s chest. “
'St -' Dean's voice has almost deserted him. 'Stay?' he hates how small he sounds.
Dean pulls a face which he’s not sure Cas can see at this angle. “
His rhythm grows increasingly erratic, and it draws moans past Dean's lips that sound close to sobs.
He hears Cas respond, an echo of what once might have been said. ‘She
“He's gone,” Dean whispered brokenly, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes. Dean's outline was backlit by the black light of the storm and Cas could almost hear the sobs that wrought Dean's whole body. “Went to Hell for him. Did it so he wouldn't have to be dead. 'Cause I had to protect him.” He laughed bitterly and Cas knew, oh Cas knew. Still remembered the stench and the heat. Still remembered the limbs he broke and the injuries he endured to get to Dean. Still remembered the siblings that died right there in the Pit and the brilliance with which Dean's soul shone as he scrubbed it clean of the curls of black smoke.
His gun is there, ivory grips gleaming prettily in the late afternoon sun.
He touches their foreheads together and
"We should shower," Cas says after approximately five seconds.
Not this song.
A blast of cold air rips through the room and through the grime laden window the dark sky is alight. The glow of Heaven cracked in two reflects off Dean's green eyes.
So he breathes.
And then he's watching as Dean - who's on all fours - starts working his fingers into his own ass with soft moans and trembling hands.
Valiantly, Dean keeps the car going for perhaps another half a mile before she decides she's had enough. The wheels no longer want to move through the mounting snow and the engine gives one last feeble whine, before dying completely. Dean flops forwards and presses his forehead to the steering wheel letting loose a string of half-hearted expletives and a loud groan.
"One thousand, one hundred and twenty six, what?"
Cas, it seems, has decided to remain completely, uselessly quiet - perhaps as a way of giving Dean time to mourn the engine's passing - and stares unblinkingly out the windscreen as the glass covers over with a gentle smattering of snow.
Cas’ head snaps up, eyes locking with Dean’s, a wicked smirk parting his lips. His tongue darts out to wet them, and Dean watches the movement, completely mesmerised, as Cas pulls out almost completely before pushing back again, just the tip, just to tease, apparently intent on killing Dean with that drag then.
looking at Cas.
Barely able to tear his eyes away from Dean's ass in the air, Cas starts groping across the other side of the mattress. Finally his hands land on the bottle and he begins to slick up his fingers.
He thought perhaps giving him a few minutes of space would help. Except, the second he'd walked through the doorway of Dean's cabin, Dean had rounded on him, thrown a punch, thrown Cas to the wall, thrown a bitter, “This is all your fault,” at him and then kicked the bedpost.
“You saved me.” It’s a whispered confession, as reverent as prayer, and it feels holy in a way that only Cas can provide. “I’m here.” His broad hands slide through Dean’s hair, along the column of his throat, across his shoulders. “You’re not crazy, Dean.”
He’s stared down the barrel of a gun more times than he cares to think about. It’d be easy. Too easy. Oblivion sounds like bliss right now. He presses the muzzle to his temple, moves it to beneath his chin.
And it's torturous. Just this side of not quite enough.
It’s only two hours later, when he gets another text through with a ‘thanks’ and several kissy face emojis, that a leaden weight drops onto his chest. The pain comes so swiftly, so unexpectedly, that he launches his cell across the room so that the screen shatters against the wall.
"Wanting to kill Sam?"
Cas hums in delight against Dean’s skin, the vibration raising gooseflesh down his arms. Cas presses a gentle kiss at the juncture where neck meets shoulder and then he’s moving away. Dean glances over his shoulder and watches as Cas starts frowning at the coffee maker. With a dopey smile Dean goes back to the stove, fixing more pancakes and more bacon for them both.
Claire picks up on the second ring with a brash, ‘Oh so your thumbs aren’t broken then? You’ve not gone senial and forgotten how to work a cell?’ There’s no real bite behind her bark, but her swift animosity yanks the proverbial carpet from under his feet and it feels like the last four months never happened.
It takes only the slightest of harder thrusts to nudge Dean forwards, for Cas to topple the pair of them face down onto the mattress. They bounce just slightly, and Dean makes a half-noise of surprised indignation, but goes with it. Allows Cas to pin him there with his wicked hips, to wrap his arms around Dean's chest tight and get a grip on the scarred hand print, and fuck into him mercilessly.
Cas rests his forehead to Dean's and counts the freckles that dust the skin of his nose. "I'm not letting you die," Dean whispers.
It's not until he's shirtless that Dean even remembers that it's sub-zero outside and he should be freezing his ass off and a chill shudders down his spine involuntarily. Cas eases back from curling his tongue alongside Dean's to pin him down with a stare. "You're cold," he states, and Dean's argument of
‘I mean I’m not about to go sticking rainbow flags on my car or anything, but god knows you deserve some happiness, Claire.’
He slots their mouths back together, kisses Cas deeply until he feels like he can just float right out of his body. ‘I’m sorry it took me so damn long to say it,’ he whispers.
Cas surges forwards, claiming his mouth and digging his fingers into Dean's hair. "Okay," he sighs contentedly, and all softness in his actions is gone. "Okay."
‘Yeah yeah,’ he grouses as he starts taking a couple coolers down the slight slope towards one of the picnic benches on the waterfront. ‘Technically am,’ he adds to himself with a resigned shake of the head.
Cas is looking at him with eyes wide and glassy in a mixture of horror and terror. “No,” he breathes. “No, that wasn’t real. Please tell me that wasn’t real.”
But even through the cracks, he can still make out the stupid yellow circle faces.
“I love you, Dean Winchester,” Cas says, grinding his hips down causing Dean to toss his head back at the sensation.
This time Cas gets a hand to him, cups his blood soaked hand to the side of Dean's face and it's a mocking callback to that crypt again. Except this time there's no tablet and no Naomi. No way to press his grace against Dean's skin and spark it through his veins to knit the blemishes back together.
They lapse in to silence, Dean jiggling his legs about to encourage continued warmth.
‘Ten years,’ Dean echoes. He reaches into the cooler, extracting a couple beers and handing one over to his brother.
,” he moans, bucking his hips forwards. “Stop, man, stop. You’re gonna make me-” he huffs out a breath as Cas’ movements still. “You’re gonna make me come if you keep that up.”
He beams, eyes crinkling at the corners. It’s a childish smile, betraying his true age in spite of the teenage body he wears. ‘So, what do we do now?’ he asks, looking expectantly from Dean, to Sam and then back again.
'What did you do?' There's something sour to Sam's tone: accusatory, worn. Words spoken in an echo to many exhausted fights before.
'Hey, he might've claimed your as his dad first but that don't stop me and Sammy having a say in his upbringing. Kid's family now. End of discussion.'
A single finger starts tracing his hole, pressure just enough not to tickle, plenty enough to tease. Dean squeezes his eyes shut, coasts along every sensation, aware that it’s not enough but content to just place his pleasure in Cas’ hands. There’s a telltale click of the lube cap, Cas’ mouth still pressing lazy kisses to the inside of Dean’s thighs by way of distraction, and then that finger is back, cool and slick as it teases around his rim. Dean arches into the sensation, is met with a firm hand on his hip and the quick nip of teeth to his thigh.
‘I would give anything to be with you.’ The memory has faded out completely, around them is a stretch of grey fog. Somehow, Dean is still sitting against the table in the dungeon of the bunker.
And though it’s futile. Though it’s just a dream, he reaches up, brushes his fingertips to Cas’ jaw. His stubble is rough to the touch, and damp with tears. ‘I wish you’d keep your pride, and just come home.’
Cas’ hands cover his own, slowly force the gun from his head. ‘You promised.’
'Gone.' His voice doesn't much sound like his own.
Dean does his best to hush him, repeats the words right back in amongst soft, sweet kisses. And slowly, Cas blinks back to him, chases each kiss. “Hey,” Dean says, unable to keep the smile from his face.
"You should sleep," Cas tells him gently, and moves to climb back in to the side seat.
When he drew his fingers out, Dean whimpered in a way Cas knew he was going to deny ever happened after the fact. The sound shot straight to Cas' cock and he nipped at Dean's thigh. “Cas?” Dean asked, voice wrecked and broken.
“Cas,
He's about to start rooting around on the passenger seat for his plaid shirt when Cas slips a hand up the front of his Henley and Dean freezes at the contact. Cas' hands are fucking freezing and he gives a soft yelp with cold fingers trail over a nipple. "Jesus, Cas," Dean hisses through a sharp intake of breath. His hands tighten on the angel's hips reflexively.
By the time Cas is fucking him with three fingers, Dean is thrusting back onto them, mouthing off with every thrust. The words pouring past Dean's lips are nothing short of pornography, and though Cas has to fight his cock's insistence that yes, it would very much like to join in now, Cas won't. Won't give in to Dean's mouthy demands.
‘Jack would tell me. Could always head to the radiology department to check too.’ He looks around the workshop. It’s empty, save for himself; the only sound his breathing and the gentle ticking of machinery cooling down. He can’t even imagine Cas stood in this place. Maybe that’s why he tries to avoid it. Can’t spend enough time here. ‘Think I’d rather not know for sure.’
'"Dean and I do share a more profound bond",' Dean says, his eyes flicking up to catch Cas' gaze almost sheepishly.
He works for hours, chipping away the nodules of old branches before starting on it with an industrial sander. He breaks only for lunch and a cup of strong coffee. While he’s fixing his plate he fires off a text to Sam, just to tell him he’s a bitch, and breathes a little easier when he just gets a one word response:
Cas' eyes caught the lightning and flashed like steal. He should've say something really, should've fought his voice against the thunder, should've told Dean that he loved him, or that he hated him. How Dean'd ruined everything that he once was and torched his life to the ground 'til he was little more than charcoal wing smudges on the tarmac.
Cas jerks wildly. Tries to get his hands to Dean's. Tries to stop him. Tries tries tries.
you. Like after Purgatory but worse. Cause it never stopped. Even when I was dreaming, just kept getting worse.”
"Got some pretty interesting things swirling around up here," Abaddon says, tapping at the side of Dean's head. "Couple things about Crowley - always been a traitorous letch though why I'm surprised..." She shakes Dean's head and drawls, "But it's the things he thinks about
It’s a tableaux of tragedy but he feels divorced from it, just slumps onto the table behind him and watches the inevitable unfold.
‘You poor sap,’ he says to himself. ‘He always leaves you. He never stays.’
Dean huffs against Cas’ lips. ‘So basically you’re saying I acted like a middle school girl with her crush and wrote out
He couldn't tell which of them he was saying it to, Dean or himself, but they both knew that it was a lie.
'Reckon he would've called him Grandpa?' Dean asks with a quirk of his lips.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut and lets the sensation floor him. "Fuck, Cas."
They make short work of their underwear and if it had felt electric before, it now feels a thousand times better. Slick sensitive skin sliding against each other. Dean runs his hands across the smooth, flat planes of Cas' body and wants to intimately know each and every part of him. He wants to know every possible stroke that causes the prickle of soft hairs and goose flesh to pepper across Cas' skin. He wants to know what illicit sighs, what encourages groans, what causes Cas to tip his head back with his eyes closed in bliss, a smile stretched across his lips.
Cas pulls back sharply.
"I said, it's fine Dean," Cas repeats. He can feel the grace slowly disappearing from his core. There are aches in strange places again. It's a tell tale feeling that his plan is working. His head swims.
bacon. And just because I love you, you get to have maple syrup as well.”
Number one hundred and three shouted that he was glad he'd left Castiel in purgatory, that he deserved to rot there for everything he'd done. Cas had agreed with him, and had stabbed him in the gut all the same.
He tries to rut against Cas, seeking friction, seeking
Claire chuckles around the lip of the bottle. ‘’Lex had a late shift last night so she was gonna be a little later heading off.’ Almost absent mindedly, the three of them perch on the bench, eyes trained out on the water.
Cas longed to return the favour. Longed to swallow Dean's thick cock down his throat. Instead he trailed his fingers teasingly over Dean's hole and Dean hissed, his hips bucking up, his chest heaving through his gasping breaths.
Cas shifts the blade around in his hand, tries to get used to the weight of it. "I'm sorry Dean."
And though the dream-Dean continues replaying the worst moment of his life, the dream-Cas turns to his right, looking over at him.
Dean looks down to find Cas’ eyes trained on their joined hands. He hates how fresh those memories are, how vividly he’d been reminded of the pain of his bones breaking under Cas’ fists; shattered at the altar of Cas’ feet, his blood a supplication upon the dust. It was like getting trapped inside a nightmare you could never wake up from, because it wasn’t fabricated from the horrors of his subconscious; it was one hundred percent real. “When -” he clears his throat, gives Cas’ fingers a squeeze. There’s something niggling in the back of his mind that he wants to know the answer to. “When I first showed up, you… you didn’t really think I was there. Not at first. Not the Naomi thing,” he adds quickly, as Cas’ face shoots up whipsharp. “With…” Fuck. His throat closes up. It’s been well over a decade since Sam destroyed the demon that had broken Dean in hell, but his voice fails him.
is the Dean Cas is much more used to seeing... well...
He doesn't wait for any kind of reply, just works his way into Cas' ass. Dean barely lets Cas get used to the sensation before he adds a second one and starts to scissor away. The prep's too quick, too messy, Dean's usually so careful with him that Cas finds this a welcome change of pace.
He regrets it instantly. 'Shit, Cas, I'm sorry. I know we don't - we've never said - shit. For a while I didn't even know if you remembered - I just always assumed she'd done something pretty bad cause you never spoke about it.'
The smile that breaks across Cas’ face is blinding. “You called me beautiful,” Cas says, lifting his fingers to his lips. “You kissed me.”
Shame floods him. ‘Cas -’
Dean stumbles a little, falls heavily against the edge of the Trap, drops to his knees. The angel blade rolls out of his hands with a ringing clatter.
Sam frowns at him. There's a good chance he's still not moved. 'Dean?' he tries tentatively. 'Dean, where's Cas?'
"They turn you?" Dean's gruff voice barks overhead.
Kaia makes her way over, dropping down another of the coolers from Baby beside the two he’d brought and then she’s up on tiptoes and kissing his cheek. ‘Good to see you too, Dean,’ she says brightly.
He glances back to Sam, a silent plea for understanding, and his brother nods infinitesimally. Dean shakes his head, a tight smile forced upon his face, and he turns towards Baby without another word.
Dean cuts him off with a kiss. “Best I’ve ever had.” He feels Cas’ smile rather than sees it.
They have entirely too many clothes on still.
'I - uh - we...' he pauses, and then the whole exchange slams back into him at a hundred miles a minute and he's crying before he can stop himself. 'It's on me,' he says finally. He's no longer looking at the stairs up which Cas had disappeared.
He can't bring himself to move. He's not entire sure how long he's sat there, rooted to the table like he's becoming part of it: another piece of petrified wood to sand down and varnish until it were pretty.
, yes.
Cas’ fingers deftly trail across the underside of the bar. ‘No. It makes sense.’
"You can't beat her," Dean growls, clawing at the skin of his own neck. And the black eyes are back and Abaddon grins wickedly. "You can't beat me," she echoes. "You wouldn't kill me as an angel and there's no way you can beat me now that you're human. You're
'You questioned though,' Dean says. 'You told me on that park bench after Samhain. You had doubts even then.' He hates how accusatory he sounds.
And Cas... well it's not like he hadn't had the practice.
‘I lived for millenia, Dean. And in all that time, I was pushed and pulled, beaten and tortured into the perfect weapon, the perfect soldier.’ He steps forwards, reaches out a hand and places it heavily upon his shoulder, mirroring their ghostly selves. ‘But you only ever wanted me to be me. You accepted me as I was, crack in my chassis and all. In spite of betrayal, in spite of how many times these hands bruised you, you still carved a place for me into your heart, into your family. I was more accepted by you than any God or angel. Your capacity for forgiveness, for love, is astonishing. You only ever wanted me to be me.’
The cabin was lit up by a crack of lightning, the single light bulb dangling from the ceiling swung uselessly and then flickered out throwing them into near total darkness.
“We are,” he says, waving his spatula to the other pan where two fluffy pancakes are browning before turning his attention back to the sizzling pan of bacon directly in front of him. “Pancakes
'You don't have to explain Dean.' He extracts his fingers from Dean's and reaches up to cradle his face like Dean is something precious. Cas' thumb brushes across Dean's ear lobe, and he feels so incredibly loved he could cry.
Eight hundred and sixty one mentioned Hell. Naomi was lucky Castiel didn't smite her.
Cas’ hips buck up into Dean’s as he rolls his weight into his shoulders and drags Dean’s mouth to his. His tongue sweeps into Dean’s mouth and Dean sucks on it, a promise of what’s to come, and Cas can do nothing but whimper, “
He lets his eyes rove the hunter's face greedily. Kiss-bruised lips, jawline darkened with stubble, brilliant green eyes highlighted with dark smudges. There's a smirk playing about those soft lips as Dean echoes, "No?"
“You are,” Dean says, his face glowing with heat. “I did.”
He leans in, presses a soft kiss to the underside of Cas’ jaw, feels his eyelashes flutter shut against his cheek. ‘Tell me?’ he asks, turning Cas’ pliant body around until his pinned between the bar and Dean’s hips. ‘Did you just carve “dibs” onto my bones, was that it?’ He nibbles at Cas’ earlobe.
Dean's pretty sure friends don't crowd in to one another's spaces the way he and Cas are doing right now. Friends don't gravitate towards one another like magnets. Friends don't whispers, "No," before leaning in and pressing their lips together, buoyed on by a fifth of whiskey, the silence, the darkness from the cocoon of snow.
'Ours,' Cas echoes, a wry grin on his face.
Cas lapses into silence and Dean chances a look at him. His fingers are playing with a loose cotton at the hem of his Henley. “There was a dock,” Cas says, and Dean thinks he stops breathing. “Sunset. I thought - at first I thought - well. It was just a bastardization of the time I had tried to warn you about Heaven’s machinations to bring about the Apocalypse. The first time since meeting you that Naomi sunk her drill back into my Grace. I thought it was the Empty toying with me in the worst way, by showing me something we could never have.”
Dean’s tongue dips into Cas’ mouth, desperate to taste, chasing the birth of stars behind Cas’ teeth. “Want you,” Dean says, his hands scrambling under the hem of Cas’ shirt.
“All for nothing,” Dean sniffed through his tears.
“This was better,” Cas says finally.
? "Thanks." He slips his hands under the coat and finds it surprisingly warm consider he never really thought Cas gave off much body heat. He pulls it up over him to warm up his torso and arms a bit more affectively. It smells like Cas - like soap and sweat and something considerably
"Dean," Cas growls into his ear and Dean's cock twitches in his pants.
For the first time in his life Dean actually feels content. He can feel the rhythmic beating of Cas’ heart against his back, counts each inhale and exhale of breath. His family is safe and happy, there aren’t any cosmic assholes trying their hardest to screw them all over, and the weight of grief that had been trying to crush him into the dirt for the last six months evaporated overnight.
He looks down at his chest, like it would be possible to see beneath his skin and know. ‘Never really had cause to ask,’ he mutters to himself. ‘And no point in asking now because you’re just a part of my brain.’ Even so, his hand comes to his chest and he presses against his sternum wondering if he could possibly feel anything there.
'Honestly, Cas, it's fine -'
"You kinky fucker," Dean says through a half-huffed laugh. Cas joins in, his whole body shaking with it on top of Dean's thighs. He swipes the pad of his thumb across Cas' cheek and toys with a few sweaty curls behind Cas' ear. "S'always the quiet ones." Cas throws him a smile that oozes from his whole body.
fault?”
Cas breathed heavily through his nose, his lungs aching for air.
“Hey,” Dean says, cupping Cas’ face in one hand. “I
He dragged Dean back down, pulled him into his arms and held onto him like Dean wasn't his one desperate lifeline. Dean didn't struggle, didn't try to claw away, just went limp against Cas' grip, curling his hands around Cas' forearms.
Cas nods, eyes downcast once more. “Sometimes it showed me... fabrications.” His voice stutters, almost like he doesn’t want to go into detail, but then he looks up, locks those baby blues to Dean’s. “It falsified memories, nightmares. All of them you. So much pain and anger. The betrayal you felt towards me for the deal to begin with. For keeping my love from you for so long, and denying you it in the cruelest way imaginable. So I thought… I thought that was all it was, when I found you there with Alastair. Just another faked scene, built upon from Hell. But then I looked at you and… I saw your
Dean holds out his left hand which Cas takes with his right, fingers soft and warm. As he takes a step closer he lines up perfectly with the sun, golden yellow haloing around his dark tresses just to remind Dean of what the man before him once was: remind him of all he gave up for love. He squeezes Cas’ hand and Cas squeezes back. Right, Dean reminds himself for approximately the twelve-thousandth time: choosing Dean was never a difficult choice for Cas. God had tried, Death had tried, Purgatory, Heaven, Hell, and the oblivion of the Empty had had a shot too. And not a single damn one of them had ever managed to keep Cas from Dean.
Cas who has one hand in a death grip on Dean’s hip and the other guiding his cock into Dean’s welcoming ass. Cas whose chest is flushed, as he watches the way he’s starting to disappear inside of Dean with something akin to reverence in his eyes. Cas who stifles a broken moan as he slides into Dean so fucking slowly, so fucking carefully, like Dean is something precious.
, and just
. The balmy skies are proof of as much.
They start firing off the fireworks once it’s fully dark, a special kind provided by Jack that doesn’t cause explosions that terrify the animals. The kids all ooh and the adults all aah. Claire and Kaia dance around the firepit. Charlie feeds Stevie messy looking s’mores. Sam’s large hand rests on Eileen’s belly, thumb gently stroking patterns across the bump.
," Cas growls into the mattress and Dean's resolve crumbles. He slams his hips forwards,
He fists his hands into the sheets and whines when Dean circles his hole with the tip of his tongue before chasing it with the pad of his thumb.
Sam takes a little while to respond, too engrossed in watching Bobbi climb up on Garth’s shoulders and directing him towards the water to her Uncle Cas and big sister. ‘Jerk,’ he says finally, head half tipped in Dean’s direction.
“You could’ve had me that night,” Cas confesses, looking up at him through thick lashes. The glint in his eyes is nothing short of devilish.
The angel swipes a thumb across the hard nub of Dean's nipple through his Henley and in spite of himself, Dean honest-to-God whimpers at the sensation burning through him. It felt good before, but now with Grace warming the core of him, it feels like the best high he's ever had.
Dean wants nothing more than to stay in this moment forever.
"Don't," Dean whispers. The trench coat slips down his front as he leans in towards Cas.
But Cas finds that this is better. The visceral feel of his own pounding heart, the electric tingle skittering around his knuckles, the light airy feeling swooping in his gut. The etching of stubble against Dean's jaw that's rough against his open palm, the prickle of the tiny hairs on the back of Dean's neck, the softness of his warm mouth against his.
"I can get behind that," Dean says quietly. He closes his eyes and loses himself to Cas' solid weight in his lap.
The sun chases him across state lines and he drives without a destination in mind. He just wants to put as many miles between him and that cursed shoreline as Baby’s wheels will carry him. The ghostly memory of running from Stull prickles down his spine. He knows he should be grateful. This time around he didn’t have to watch his baby brother throw himself into damnation with the devil. But then, that time around there’d been an angel sitting to his right, pissy scowl on his face. ‘What was it you asked, Cas?’ he asks thin air. ‘Peace or freedom?’
Cas closed his eyes on the beautiful image of Dean splayed out beneath him, so that he could just
Cas pushes him slightly, tilting him back until he’s flat on the bed with Cas hovering over him, his arms bracketing Dean as he continues to curl his tongue behind Dean’s teeth. His knee slides up between Dean’s legs, parting them until Cas is slotted right between them bringing their groins together with a delightful roll of his hips. Idly, Dean wonders where Cas learnt to behave like this, learnt how to touch in a way that consumes, kiss in a way that undoes him with every sweep of his tongue into Dean’s mouth. His hands fist into Cas’ dark tresses as he fucks his own tongue up past Cas’ lips. He guides Cas’ weight down on top of him, revels in the feel of their bodies pressed together, in the slide of bare skin and tented fabric, in the scratch of stubble under his palm and the wet warmth of Cas’ increasingly frantic kisses.
He revs the engine a little to keep them trundling forwards but the Impala complains a little more insistently and something starts to rattle. "No no, c'mon Baby, don't do this to me," Dean says absently, gently caressing his hands across the wheel as though his touch could be anything short of magical.
'I know,' Cas says gently.
is. He knows. (He always knows.) ‘Claire, you wouldn’t be able to stop him.’ And it’s weird, because he finds talking to her about Cas doesn’t hurt as much as it does with other people. ‘He’d be the one with the flags on his car. He’d probably steal my credit card and order himself some ugly trench coat that was just striped rainbow pattern like he was Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dream Coat. He’d probably research all the different Pride events in South Dakota and bug you to go with him. He’d always be glad, so long as you were happy.’
He fists his hands into the lapels of Cas' suit, feeling the rough scritch of cheap polyester under his palms, and he drags him back across the inch or two of space that had grown between them. Cas huffs softly into his mouth, and the sound of it makes Dean's blood run hot.
Dean wishes there was more beer in his bottle. 'Do you... do you ever regret it? Falling? Turning your back on your family?'
“Nope,” Cas says with a bright smile. “You’re a very good cook, Dean.”
Dean touches the breaks gently, but feels the wheels skid more violently than they had in quite some time, so he quickly changes up a gear and takes his feet from the pedals, steering the car back to straight. Dean shoots Cas a filthy look, as though the angel had caused the sudden loss of control through his question alone.
He flipped Dean onto his back and stripped him of his clothes hastily, his nimble fingers making quick work of Dean's belt and buttons. And Dean laid there, head tipping back against the cold pillows as Cas worked has pants and his boxers down, tugged off his boots and deposited the lot on the floor unceremoniously at the end of the bed.
It takes Dean several seconds to follow, to stumble blindly out back and shout up to Cas, ‘Wait, are you saying you wanna marry me?’
Number one thousand was the most like Dean. His mannerisms were honed to almost perfection. He'd fought exactly the way Castiel would've expected.
Cas' eyes are wild and look like lightning splitting open the sky. He leans forwards, one hand gripping the wheel of the Impala and whispers, "Since the moment I saw your soul in hell, I have loved you." Dean feels his heart swell. He physically feels his fear and unnecessary panic drain right out of him. "You were a shining beacon of love and hope, the most beautiful thing I had ever seen in all of creation." Dean doesn't think that's true at all. There's no way it could ever be. But Cas looks so earnest, is pinning him with such an intense stare that Dean can't look away from. "This isn't..." Cas whispers, biting his lip and closing his eyes, dark eyelashes fanning across his cheeks. "I don't..."
Cas leans over automatically, resting his hand on Dean's shoulder, across where the handprint had once marred his flesh. 'It wasn't your fault.'
Dean hisses at the slight burn but it doesn’t last long, quickly drips into pure pleasure and he can’t help but clench around those fingers and let out a breathy groan. Much to his surprise his moan is matched by one of Cas’ as he begins to bite bruises to Dean’s clavicle. He builds up his rhythm from before, adds a scissoring of his fingers with each twist that has Dean panting Cas’ name every other gasp.
Dean's flayed open, raw nerve, nothing more than want and need and more more more...
‘Every step brought us here,’ Cas tells him. ‘Brought us to now.’
Dean sighs, tipping his head back against the headrest and closing his eyes. Fine fine, he'll think with his brain and not his painfully hard erection.
Number two hundred had needed her guiding hand as Castiel had sobbed. Number two hundred and one ended with Naomi's lip splitting from a blow Castiel had landed and her own angel blade stabbing not-Dean through the heart.
Cas paces around the edge of the Devil's Trap and Abaddon watches his every move. She laughs that laugh again but Cas keeps pacing. There's a heavy weight nestled against his side, tucked up inside the borrowed trenchcoat that doesn't fit like the old one. The trenchcoat that's a little too large and wrinkles uncomfortably under the arms where it's been poorly tailored to his body's needs; a little like the borrowed Grace in a way.
Metatron waving an angel blade covered in blood skitters through his mind's eye before his gaze focuses wholly on Dean's wide green eyes.
“I’d forgotten how good it was to taste food,” Cas tells him after devouring the entire plateful.
With a jolt, Cas knew. Knew because he always knew. Knew because he had rebuilt Dean from the atoms up. Knew because that soul had stitched itself to his and there was no part of it that he didn't understand completely. Knew that it had been a very long time since Dean Winchester had been on his knees and blown another man. Knew that there had been very few occasions where he'd even enjoyed it.
He twists off the lid but neither of them drink yet. Cas and Jack have finally parted and Cas has retrieved them a sweating bottle of beer apiece.
Cas pins him with a stern gaze and says, "I'm haemorrhaging stolen grace by the day. I reckon that might have something to do with it."
He leans forwards, forehead to the centre of Cas’ chest and feels Cas’ hands slowly start carding through his hair again. There’s a physical ache in his chest, curling under his ribs like a blackhole at the centre of him. It’s not pain, not in the slightest. It’s a yearning so strong for the man in his lap that it almost feels like dying.
A slight shrug of his shoulders and Cas begins to chant Enochian. The air in the room picks up and gusts about like wind, the dirt blows along the floor, sticks in the tacky blood smeared across the tiles. And then Abaddon starts to laugh. Great howls that almost sound like Dean but are foreign to Cas' ears.
Dean’s face flames. “Jesus, fuck.
“Don’t,” Cas whispers as he looks down upon Dean like he’s looking at something beautiful, inspiring. Something worthy of the devotion of an angel. Dean doesn’t need to ask what Cas is referring to. Doesn’t matter that he gave up his grace, Cas still seems to know exactly what Dean is thinking regardless of not being privy to his thoughts or prayers any more. Dean squirms and Cas kisses him once more, following it with another, “I love you.”
He slinks an arm around Dean's front instead, swiping the pad of his thumb across Dean's pebble-hard nipple, then to the other, before settling on a vice-like hold on Dean's right hip. With his left hand, his grip slack, yet still demanding, Cas gets hold of Dean's throat.
Of course, Dean had done what Dean does best when faced with situations that require dealing with emotions, and stalked off in search of the nearest stash of alcohol – alone – cutting a path through the small gathering of campers. Except perhaps they were just giving him a wide berth, because they could see that tightly coiled fury bubbling just below the surface was well on its way to making an ugly appearance, and no, they did not much fancy having it aimed at them.
Cas thrusts his hips ferociously and with every snap, Dean huffs a soft
As if summoned from the volume of his own memories, Cas takes that moment to re-enter the war room and hold a sweating bottle of beer out to Dean.
He cups his face, pulls him close and kisses him. Cas’ boots bump against Dean’s hip. ‘Hello, Dean,’ he says, voice still all gravel and silk.
They lapse into a companionable silence, still wrapped around one another. “There are things - dreams I had whilst in the Empty.” Cas has that faraway look in his eyes again. “Some were memories, others - like that night - I thought they were just the Empty trying to torment me.”
Dean leans down a couple inches and presses his lips to Cas’ stubbled jaw. ‘The dog may be fickle, but you’ve always got me.’
In seconds, he's thrown against a wall and feels his shoulder dislocate. Then a sharp set of fangs are sinking into the meat of his abused shoulder, whilst another is going for his calf.
‘I’m not sure,’ Cas tells him. ‘I’m not really sure what I am.’
Cas throws him a bitch face that Sam would be proud of, before draping the trench across Dean's knees. "You need it more than I do," he says bluntly.
‘Yeah, well, now that I’ve got hold of you, you better start responding to Jody or you might need to rethink that whole killing capital-g God thing. She’s pissed. Whenever your name gets mentioned she brings out the Mom Scowl.’
‘I know you are. And I am so proud of you.’ He squeezes Dean’s shoulder, the first place he ever touched him. The last.
“It’s afternoon.”
Something brightens behind his eyelids, a vibrant spark of white lightning through his entire system. He feels his cock dribble a stream of pre-come onto his stomach, thrusts his hips up, desperate for the slightest touch only to find none, and instead rocks down further onto Cas’ fingers. ‘
Dean removes his fingers, grabs at Cas' hips to angle himself better. More lube, Dean's heavy breathing behind him, and then the hunter is lining himself up and pressing in. Cas feels his entrance give, groans out as he takes Dean in. Fuck, it felt good, so so fucking good. Dean gives tiny little thrusts of his hips and
Dean's not sure how they manage it, but suddenly he's got a lap full of Castiel, who's desperately pushing at the many layers covering Dean's body and quite frankly, Dean hates every last one of them. Cas' head keeps brushing the roof of the Impala but he doesn't seem to mind too much.
And he may not be an angel anymore but he knows it's not Abaddon. He knows it in the way that he knows the way light fractures and burns brightest at the centre of a black hole. He knows it in the way that he knows that on average it takes 59.8945 seconds for every blood cell in Dean's body to circulate once. He knows it in the way that he knows the way angels are made from ice and love and wrath and songs of exultation to their Father.
"Yes, Dean," Cas says with a huff. "I wouldn't want to be anywhere else."
Cas watches Dean navigate his way through the darkness with ease, scrubbing his hands down his face and yawning. He pauses in the doorway to Cas' shitty little bathroom and turns back towards him. "You not coming after all that?"
Cas swears loudly, pain shooting through his system and then ebbing slightly until it was nothing more than a dull throb.
In spite of himself, Dean feels his lips twitch. “I’m gonna have to take you fishing,” he says gently. “And buy you a pair of aviators.”
A sob escapes him, completely without warning, the enormity of what Cas is saying, what he’s offering, more than Dean really knows how to process. Cas tugs the half-drunk mug of coffee out of his hands and he hears, rather than sees, the way the ceramic thunks down onto the side table. “This is real.” It’s not really a statement, not really a question, but somehow comes out sounding like both.
A slow scowl creases Dean's forehead and he asks, "Are you sure?"
Stupid angel. Stupidier human. Heaven forbid he admit how he feels. A wave of nausea rolls through him and pressure starts to build behind his eyes. He lets rip a derisive laugh and is seconds away from pushing off the bed when a hand splays between his shoulder blades. He startles and turns to find one brilliant green eye gleaming through the darkness, peaking out from a gap in Dean's arms. "Yeah," Dean whispers, his voice sticking in his throat. "Love this too, Cas."
“Mornings are the worst,” Cas says. “And your feet are freezing.”
. And he remembers the way Cas had refused to look at him, had barely glanced in his direction until the Empty had all but made him.
'Cas, you've said it to me enough the last few weeks, but c'mon man, that wasn't you. That wasn't your fault.'
, and Cas hums happily and braces himself for more.
, Cas. No more cosmic bullshit, no more strings to yank us around.” He smiles then, and adds, “And happiness, Cas? I got that in spades.” Cas blinks once, twice, makes no comment. Dean rolls his eyes, tacking on, “I’m talking about you, dumbass.”
'I said it's on me. I did this.' He's finally back on his feet though he doesn't quite know what to do with his newfound momentum.
By way of reply, Cas somehow relaxes his throat further and swallows around Dean’s cock.
There’s an unreadable expression in his eyes that has Dean leaning away. But Cas won’t be dissuaded because he leans into his personal space and presses a salty-sweet kiss to his lips. “Enjoy the compliment.”
Cas drains the last of his beer and moves to stand but before he can push out of his seat to walk away, leave, leave Dean alone with his thoughts like he assumes Dean would want, Dean's saying, 'I wish you could've met him.' A beat. 'My dad I mean. We told him about you. And Jack. God, I wish Jack could've met him too.'
Cas draws his finger out slowly, dipping back once, twice more, before he moves away from Dean just slightly to dribble a little more lube to his fingers. Dean watches as Cas rubs over the slick digits with the pad of his thumb to warm it before he returns his fingers to Dean’s hole, probing lightly as he settles back close enough to kiss Dean once more. “Tell me to stop if it hurts,” Cas says, brooking no possibility for argument.
“Okay,” Cas murmurs, slowly extracting his fingers from Dean’s ass. The sudden emptiness has Dean clenching around nothing but Cas hushes him with a squeeze to his hip and a kiss to the center of his chest.
Sweat slides down the dip of his spine and he ruts back against Dean, just as Dean bites at his earlobe and says, "No. Want this. For me." Cas stills his own movements, but Dean doesn't notice. There are teeth scraping at his neck and a panted, "I'm showing you what I want."
“But-”
This is where Cas would've flown off before. Fluttered away with a ripping noise of wings and ozone. And that might've made this whole thing a bit easier to deal with.
Sam pushes him back, the crows feet by his eyes no longer smooth out and there’s a few stray grey streaks running through his still too-long locks. ‘Two kids and a pregnant wife, Dean. You try driving over state lines with all those toilet breaks. You and Cas have it easy.’ He rolls his eyes, shoving his brother slightly to the side as they start heading down to the congregation on the water’s front.
The laughter escapes from him in a bubble of a bark. ‘Yeah that’s, that’s a real good point JoJo.’
He fiddles with his silver ring and watches as Gertie teaches Jo how to braid Bobbi’s hair. Little Sam and Little Cas are curled up beside Miracle, all three dozing on a blanket in front of the firepit that Kevin, Patience and Alex are working on stoking. Sam sinks down onto the picnic blanket beside him and nudges him with his elbow. ‘Ten years,’ he says quietly, eyes soft on Eileen as she chats away with Jody and Donna, her hand absently stroking the swell of her belly.
‘Do you think if I had a choice that I wouldn’t be here already?’ Dean rarely sees Cas this angry. ‘Do you think if I had any power over this situation that I wouldn’t already be curled around you in your bed?’
“Maybe I should hate you,” Cas spat, pushing past Dean and heading towards the cupboards to rummage around for another bottle of hunter's helper rather than get any nearer Dean. And the yelling started up again, and grew louder as the storm outside grew closer. And they kept going, stepping back into one another's personal space 'til they were spitting venom in each other's faces.
Sam's in front of him, hands on his shoulders, shaking him. 'Dean?' Sam sounds so scared. It's too much too soon. 'Cas??' he shouts, looking around the bunker, eyes wild and afraid.
They’re barricaded in the dungeon and whatever it is riding Billie’s skin pounds a fist against the door, shaking dust from the ceiling.
'It's been a hell of a decade,' Cas counters, and again Dean feels like he can breathe again.
what a sight Cas is, face screwed up and absolutely wrecked as Dean fucks him open with his fingers and sucks, cheeks hollowed, tongue dancing around Cas' cock.
(See the end of the chapter for
The second time, not-Dean had run away. Not that his legs could carry him very far - Cas was an angel - and Cas had blocked him off, thrown a punch and sent not-Dean flying against a wall. For several seconds, he'd pinned not-Dean there, an arm pressed against his chest and an angel blade in hand and Cas felt sure the programming would work that time. That any second he would feel a spurt of warm blood spill over his hands.
Who’d’ve thought this was how Dean Winchester would go? His own bullet. His own gun. Trigger pulled by his own hand. If the angels and the demons could see him now.
Absolutely wonderful. This was gonna take weeks to bounce back from. The broken ankle had been the fucking worst.
Dean watches him the entire time. Cas' chest heaves up and down and tiny shakes rack his body. Finally, Dean crawls back in and sucks at the inside of Cas' knee. “You,” he begins, trailing wet, open mouthed kisses up Cas' toned inner thigh, “have been having,” he bypasses Cas' interested cock and starts making his way back down the other thigh, “way too much sex.”
"Oh," Dean breaths softly. His lips had tasted like whiskey. Had felt surprisingly warm.
For good luck, he adds a devil’s trap each end and, on a whim, starts carving some of the Enochian he’d once seen on the film of an x-ray. The sun is setting by the time he finishes, bleeding across the sky like ink in water. His fingertips trail along the Enochian, his heart pounding against his ribs.
“Oh?”
Consciousness returns slowly. There's a solid weight pressed against his back, a heavy arm thrown over his waist and warm breath on the nape of his neck. Dean smiles into his pillow and laces his fingers between Cas', holding their hands up to his heart.
This moment feels fragile; something new and delicate made from something old and cracked. Through the gaps in the curtains, weak winter sunlight bleeds across the bedroom, dancing shadowy patterns across Cas’ cheeks and highlighting soft brown strands in his hair. The hand not settled on Cas’ hip moves into the softness of his hair, and Dean starts to card his fingers through it. He hums at Dean’s touch, the sound vibrating into Dean’s chest, making him smile.
They breathe.
bar. I dreamt of it.”
He fiddles with the keys, looks to Sam, and knows already that his brother has his back, regardless of this next step. ‘You - uh - you guys go on ahead.’
Cas lets go of a shaky breath, just as the hunter works another finger into his ass and moans, "Cas
Cas bumps his forehead to Dean's and asks, "Proud?"
Cas moves first, finally able to push up onto all fours, arms still bracketed around Dean’s head, hips still framed by Dean’s parted thighs, and he presses a chaste kiss to Dean’s lips. There’s so much love in his eyes when he looks down at Dean that it makes his stomach swoop. He feels himself flush like a middle schooler with a crush. “You good?” Dean asks him, and can’t keep the smile from his face.
"Funny," Abaddon says. "I threatened him with torture. I thought I'd gotten to dear old Dean. Turns out I was just tempting him." She flexes Dean's fingers then taps at the invisible edge of the Trap. "When we broke those bodies, he tried to fight me at first." A sickening grin twists across his face, illuminates the black in his eyes. "But after a while he just gave into it. Stopped fighting what he really is."
Even though he’s been mostly out of the life now for nearing a decade, Dean still hasn’t found it in him to care much about official holidays like Christmas or Thanksgiving. He knows most hunters are the same. A lifetime of bad habits are hard to shake. But this? This day to them is special, it’s
Shaking fingers run through his hair. Through Cas' gasping breaths, he replies, “Yours.”
'I'm surprised you didn't go with them.'
When they pull apart, he can’t help the tears that brim up in his eyes when she touches his face lightly. And then she’s hoisting the still-sleeping Bobbi from Sam’s arms, leaving his brother free to step forward and engulf him in his giant arms. ‘Heya, Sammy,’ he says into his brother’s hair. ‘About time you guys showed up, we’re starving.’
There’s a coy smile dancing behind Cas’ eyes but it’s nowhere close to playing on his lips. Dean’d be impressed if he wasn’t so infuriated. “And third?”
Dean kicks the snow off his boots before swinging his legs inside and shivering. He sparks the ignition and turns on the blower as high as it'll go. The windows are fogged right over and they're going to take a little while to clear. He can feel Cas' eyes on him, watching as he claps his gloved hands together and jiggles his legs about to get warmth to his bones.
Before Dean can quite crest over the edge Cas has pulled off him with a wet pop. He pushes up to his knees, his eyes raking down Dean’s body with unhidden hunger. “You enjoy this,” Cas says finally, his fingers trailing patterns across Dean’s thighs. “You enjoy me bringing you close.” It’s not a question, but the way his brow creases and his head tilts slightly to one side - such an achingly familiar tic that has Dean’s stomach swooping - makes it seem like one.
an adult now, Dean.’ His eyes trail over to the corner of the room, a table beneath a spotlight that’s not quite been fitted into the ceiling yet. He pictures Cas sitting there, still wearing that damn trench coat, eyes soft as he listens to Dean’s indignation. It’d be a gaze that Dean would feel right down to the base of his spine, the kind of look he’d pretend he hadn’t seen. Fond, loaded, filled to the brim with unhidden adoration.
‘Cas?’
Teeth bit into his forearm and stifled Dean's guttural cry as he came untouched, covering their chests in come. And the sensation of Dean tightening around his cock was enough to shoot his rhythm to hell. His body tensed, his grip on Dean's hip and in his hair tightened, and he spilled inside Dean with a strangled cry.
He pushed slowly into Dean's heat. And he was tight and wet and Cas couldn't help but let his moans mingle with Dean's. He pulled back slightly and then rolled his hips in again, glancing down to watch his cock disappearing into Dean's ass. His stomach flipped at the sight, warmth tingling down his spine.
‘Who is this, again?’ he asks, trying to suppress a genuine smile. ‘Was under the impression my teenage kid wanted help but instead I’ve got an irate millennial abusing me.’
Cas drops to the floor, the draining grace leaving him nauseous and light headed. Dean punctures every low registering thump of his fists against the forcefield with Cas' name. Over and over and over again.
He’s sat on a bench in the yard, nursing a half full bottle in one hand and his handgun in the other. He’d finally stopped crying an hour ago - no more tears left in him - but his body still trembles with sobs; his breath ragged, hiccupping.
"Want this," Dean breaths in his ear.
Words... he and Cas really don't need them, he thinks, surging forwards again. They never have done before and hell, why should that change now?
Dean muttered something incoherent about the lube being cold before he started fisting the rumpled blankets on the bed into his hands and tensing up. Cas lowered himself down on top of Dean, kissed him gently on the temple and finally found his voice. “It's okay, it's okay,” he whispered so quietly he could barely hear himself over the sound of the storm outside. He pushed his hips forwards ever so slightly, and Dean moaned, loud and low, like thunder, and he relaxed a fraction beneath Cas' body.
Cas has a brief moment of thought, a swell of triumph because Sam did it, he reversed Metatron's spell. The angels were going home.
. Booze, pills or the taste of Dean on his tongue, he's not quite figured out which yet, but he goes for the trifecta all the same.
Slowly, so tortuously slowly, Cas unbuttons his slacks and pushes them halfway down his thighs and Dean lets loose a breathless laugh. "C'mere," he mumbles, sliding a hand down the cleft of Cas' ass and cupping the back of his neck to pull him forwards until he's leaning over Dean once more. "I'll help."
And fuck it. It might be the best sort of torture Dean has ever experienced. The tensing muscles in his thighs, the ache in his ass as he’s split open on Cas’ cock, the way his heart is pounding loudly in his ears. Rolls of pleasure rocket up behind his eyes with each gentle rock of Cas’ hips, punches his breath out of him in hard gasps. Fuck, fuck, too much, not enough. “Cas.” He hooks a foot around the swell of Cas’ ass to nudge him ever closer because he needs him,
," sounding nothing like Dean Winchester at all. Cas held on to that knowledge as he plunged the angel blade between not-Dean's ribs.
Cas knows this slow torture of pleasure. Of clever fingers brushing every little nerve ending until each and every one has ignited. How the secondary tremors flare through your body like the aftershocks of an earthquake, cresting one after the other, need and want and yes,
