On the other end of the Great Hall, Dean sits with the other Gryffindors, chatting with them and getting to know his fellow-housemates. A few people down, a tall, brown-haired kid stands up and leans over to the first years, particularly Dean.
Dean huffs a laugh and stands up. "We just got back from the dead, Sammy, I don't want you burning down the bunker with your terrible cooking skills. I'll do it." Dean takes Cas' hand again. "Help me, will you, angel?"
It meant that when they finally arrived, Cas could take out his wings and just relax. Gabriel had commented on Cas' broom, asking why even bother using it when he could just use his wings to catch the snitch.
Dean and Bobby stepped back from Cas. Bobby had to pull Dean back because the Winchester refused  to leave his friend's side.
“That trenchcoat will not be destroyed permanently. It may rip, get dirty and get old, but it will always rebuild itself, brand new as before,” Lupin explains.
"Hey, guys. So you wouldn't believe what just happened to Cas in flying today," Dean started, getting both girls' attention. "Cas and I were fooling around up in the air and we raced down to the ground when we got called. Cas made an incredible move and beat me to the ground. He got called over to Madam Hooch and the Head of Hufflepuff was there. So the Head took Cas to meet the Hufflepuff Team Captain so now Cas now has a position on the team as seeker."
There was the familiar breeze of invisible wings flapping as Castiel appears. "Hello, Dean. Sam," he greets.
“Oh, he was Lupin’s mate. Er... Lupin is a werewolf. The sorting hat mentioned him to me when I got sorted, so I got up enough courage to talk to him. I told him my secret, he told me his,” Cas answered. “He really seems to have loved Sirius.”
A short time earlier, Castiel woke up himself. He was still in his clothes from the day before and grumbled about how they were all wrinkled, mentioning that he would really like to learn and ironing spell. Castiel got up out of bed and looked over to see that Adam and Benny were talking quietly together. They seemed to get along nicely. So maybe that would leave Castiel alone.
Lupin took a step towards Garth and Cas, trying to find what Garth was talking about. "Did what? Who did what to Cas?"
Freyja laughs. "Wow, this is better than I thought." She flicks her hand. "Good luck!" She says with a smile before both Dean and Cas reappeared on the road.
With a sharp turn, Dean turned and went to wait for his drink. Castiel's eyes followed him for a few more moments before he forced himself to look away.
Cas and Dean sat down on the porch and watched as the other children played. Dean leaned over to his mate. “How are you doing?” He asked, referring to Cas and his wing situation. In response, Cas rolled his shoulders. “Uncomfortable but I can make it through. How are you going with all of this? Have you met the Potters before?”
Cas finishes unpacking his stuff, with some help from Dean. A lot of his Hogwarts stuff, he just leaves in his bag, but the more personal items, he takes out.
Cas walks over and sits down in the other beanbag. “Oh yeah, these are comfortable,” he says, trying one for himself.
When Castiel told Meg, he was surprised that she took it quite well. Though he could tell, a small part of her was hurt, she didn't take it the wrong way and was just glad that she would get to hang out with Castiel and possibly become friends with him.
Garth nodded immediately. "Show me to him, there's no time to waste. A deva's wings can be very fragile if not taken care of properly."
Dean realizes he isn't yet alone when he senses a presence behind him. Dean turns, once again taking out his angel blade in self defense. Sam, Eileen and Jody had just left, so who is bothering him now? Can't they just leave Dean alone?
Just to make this clear, Dean and Cas are not officially dating. In my opinion, 11 is a bit young to date so everything they do (the hand holding, the comforting after a nightmare, the going off alone together) is all platonic and in a friend way. But don't worry, that will change soon!
Meg bit her lip. "Sorry, Maze. Guys, this is Mazikeen Smith, she's a second year. Maze, this is Dean Winchester, Charlie Bradbury and Castiel Novak."
Lupin makes his way over to Dean and Cas. “Got a lot of comments on your costume, I assume, Castiel?” Lupin asks Cas, speaking like they shared a secret and he was trying to get Dean away so the two could speak.
The way to Heaven's Gates was a bit more of a drive. A solid four hours Cas spent in the car. The Angel hopes that this really will be worth it, like Dean says. The day is almost over by now. But Cas kept going. Dean said that he is getting close to finishing up whatever kind of scavenger's hunt this is.
The boys walked inside. The Panic Room wasn’t that big, but it was big enough for the two of them to stay. Lupin slowly walked in behind them. The professor walked right over to the wall of the left and ran his hand across it. He stopped and looked at the wall, there were two initials on that wall. ‘RL + SB’ it read. Lupin smiled at seeing that.
In the center of the table, sits Headmistress McGonagall. The Headmistress sat, not touching her food, only eyeing the group of students in front of her. She looked over the new students, her gaze stopping when she spots a small, dark-haired, blue eyed boy. The tiniest smile formed at the corner of her lips when she spotted the boy. There hadn't been a boy quite like him since Remus Lupin first arrived at Hogwarts as a student; with a secret and full potential to become one of the greatest.
Castiel, though not in the best mood, couldn't help but admire all of the little things that went into the castle's decor and architecture. Hogwarts was truly amazing.
Jo and Ash were both super nice. Ash was extremely smart, though he didn't look it. He was a bit quiet at first, Ash, but he came around and in no time was making inappropriate jokes non-stop.
"Shortly before I was born, my mother was cursed. She had been pregnant with me at the time this happened. She got into a fight with some guy she didn't even know. The guy cursed her. When nothing happened, my mother believed the curse had failed. So she went on her way with life. We still don't know how the one who cursed her was, he was never caught and Michael believes we may never catch him. But life went on, and my mother soon forgot about the curse and that seemingly random guy. Eventually, I was born. When I was born, my mother realized that the curse had not, in fact, failed. But it had succeeded. My mother led shortly after my birth, stating that she, and I quote, 'couldn't live with a thing like that'."
Dressed and ready for the day, Castiel and Dean went downstairs. Downstairs, they found Sam and Gabe sitting around a small pile of presents while Bobby and Ellen watched them from across the room.
The group walked passed the kitchens and over to a bundle of about six barrels. Blaine took out his wand and looked over at the first years. "Now, to open the entrance to our common room, you must tap this barrel five times in the way you would say 'Helga Hufflepuff', okay?" Most of the students nodded. Blaine demonstrates and taps the barrel five times. The barrels all move aside and a wooden door is revealed. The door opens and the Hufflepuff students are all allowed inside.
"Did you bring a guy home, boy?" John accused, interrupting his son. "What do you suddenly crave dick in your ass?"
Vanya smiles and stands up. "Of course. Right this way." She leads Sam and Gabriel to the farthest wall from the entrance. Five feet high bookcases block out most of what they're doing.
Dean nods and goes over to one of the beanbags and sits down on it. “Whoa, these are way more comfortable than I thought they would be!” He exclaims, smiling. “These don’t feel like they’re that old.”
Sam answered, "it's a section based off of a library in the greatest place ever, the Men of Letters Bunker! The Bunker has so many books from all over. It has books dating back to Camelot. It's the biggest collection of old books and the biggest collection knowledge there is in the wizarding world! But the Bunker was lost a long time ago, so Vanya and Sissy put this replica up. Of course the books aren't at all the same as the ones in the MOL library, but it's the same design and can only be accessed by those who possess magic."
It was a shorter class than Castiel thought it would be. So maybe he was in the bathroom longer than he believed. He didn't really keep track of the time while in there. For soon after, the Potions class ended and it was finally time for some lunch.
Almost hesitantly, Dean and Cas make their ways over to their younger brothers. Sam and Gabe have probably already looked over all the gifts and spotted which ones belonged to them and which ones didn't.
Gabriel was quiet for a few moments. "So you made a friend in school?" He asked, a few seconds later.
Dean froze in his place, seeing the boy. It wasn't until Dean felt a soft hand on his shoulder, that he raised his wand and cast the spell, looking away from the body of his younger brother. The boggart changed into a clown getting pied in the face. Dean turned to look at Cas, who had a sincere look on his face. Dean stepped out of line and wordlessly walked to the back of the line.
Castiel realized something just then. This was the Professor Lupin the sorting hat had been talking about. How he hadn't realized before, he didn't know.
"Sam, come on, cheer up! We get another chance at life together! All three of us together," Dean says, a smile spreading upon his face. He pulls Cas close. "We wait a few months or something, maybe go on a few more hunts, and just make sure that Jack Kline is actually Jack Kline. We've won free will, and as far as we know, Chuck is just trying to keep his appearance up for now. So in the meantime, we just do what we want and keep our eyes peeled."
It didn't take long for Dean and Castiel to arrive at an apartment. The Impala parked in the parking lot and they got out. Dean walked, leading Cas into the building. His apartment was on the third floor.
Dean thought for a moment. "Hey. You mentioned Michael saying you were a natural on a broom. Is that because you were literally born to fly?"
Castiel sat down in his beanbag chair. He smiled at Dean and threw the rather large blanket over the two of them. Cas’ eyes had already started to fall when he whispered, “goodnight, Dean.”
She handed Cas a spoon full of nasty looking medicine. Cas took a sharp breath before taking the spoon and swallowing the whole thing. He was quickly off to sleep. When he was asleep, the nurse took off his trench-coat and flipped him over so she could examine the wings for herself. Both Lupin and Garth stood behind her, watching.
"Novak!" Madam Hooch called from across the field. The Quidditch coach stood with Professor Donna Hanscum, the Head of Hufflepuff and the Wizard Art Teacher.  "Come over here!"
"I know you idjits are excited for the feast and the costume party after, but there is only one more class so I want you all to concentrate and listen to me when I speak, okay? It's hard for you to listen on a regular day, just try." Bobby looked at his class and huffed before starting the lesson. "Wizards in Greece did not have the best tactics at staying hidden. Some of them went along and tried to confuse muggle citizens."
Please note, that I’m also writing this on Wattpad. On Wattpad, it seems like this chapter is long, but here it looks short. So, my apologies.
Cas didn't hand in any papers last Tuesday, but he nodded, already knowing what Lupin was going to talk to him about.
Jody chuckles a bit. "You had some breakfast, right? I don't want you skipping any meals now." Jody had a mother vibe to her and Castiel didn't mind it, having not really having a mother figure in his life.
Next, Dan brought Castiel to the field. "You've been to a Quidditch game before, right? Or at least know the rules?" Dan asks Cas.
The younger Winchester brother fills the angel up on the case facts and what both he and Dean think about this case.
Lupin chuckled. "Wouldn't be a bad choice," Lupin commented. "You two really remind me of Sirius and I when we were young." The professor smiled sadly, remembering his past.
After another second, Cas tried again, this time flapping his wings in a steady beat. Cas could feel the air beneath his wings. He still wasn't in the air, but he feel that he was getting closer and closer.
Once they arrived at the Winchesters' apartment, Dean got out the key to unlock the door. Only to find it was already unlocked. Thinking his apartment had been broken into, Dean opened the door slowly and cautiously, holding his arm out in front of Cas to tell the angel to be slow.
But Castiel was still unsure. Castiel wasn't one to look for more-than-platonic relationships. And he had only been on Earth so long.
The students who had already arrived stood gathered in a group in front of the random teacher's desk. Lupin wasn't yet in the classroom, he was probably in his office preparing something for the upcoming class.
Sam and Gabriel were currently elsewhere. They were having a good ole time at the lake. The lake was mostly frozen over, but there were some parts of the water that had melted. The ice that was still there was thin.
The Professor's face immediately turns into a sad frown, like he was missing someone. "Yes, it is true that I fought in that battle, along with others. I, actually, lost someone in that particular fight. Her name was Tonks. She left me and our son, Teddy. Teddy usually stays with his godparents and their children, though."
After a bit, it started to snow just like Ellen had said. The snow fell in small flakes, gently coating the world around the two wizards. They enjoy the scenery, the newer snow making the view even more beautiful.
The next few months passed seemingly quickly. Hufflepuff won a few more Qudditch games. Classes got a bit more difficult and to make things a bit worse, Dean was starting to hang out with Lisa Braedon more.
The male with the mullet hands the first one Castiel and Gabriel's order. "Write down your number and give it to him when you give them their order!"
"That's a good idea. It'll be nice to see the people we haven't talked to in a long while." Sam agrees with the idea.
After a long list of students, it was Meg's turn to get sorted. She got called up and walked rather confidently up to the stool. The hat sat on her head for less than a minute before shouting out "SLYTHERIN".
The Winchester took the other boy's hand. "Hey it's ok. We have two options now. We can tell these guys and they can have another lead, or we keep it to ourselves and try to handle it ourselves. It's up to you." Dean spoke softly to Cas.
Bobby, Rufus and Pamela were in the middle of telling a rather interesting story about when the time they cornered an evil pookha. Pamela had been pulled in because she hadn't found her talent in her psychic powers.
"You just tried to kill yourself, Cas. After being affected by Freyja. Who is it?" Dean explains, his voice soft.
As the rest of the group finished up their breakfast, Dean was silently debating on if he should do something or not. He wanted to do it, he just didn't know when.
Cas went over to Dean and asked if he could sit down next to him. Dean looked up when Cas came over to him and smiled at the other boy. The half-blood allowed the pure-blood to sit next to him. Castiel smiled in his thanks and sat down.
The students discussed quietly between themselves as time ticked on. The time for class to start passed before, finally, Lupin came out of his office and came over to his students. "Sorry for the wait, kids. I had to make sure a few things were in order before we start. Usually, this lesson doesn't come until third year, but I decided to have a lesson change." Lupin explained why he had been late.
"Kelly, Asa, this is Dean and Castiel, I don't believe either of you have had them in your classes yet. Then the two youngins are Dean's brother Sam and Cas' brother Gabriel," Lupin introduced the teachers to the four young boys.
Though that wasn't necessary, as a few minutes later, Dean and Cas entered the kitchen together. The pair sat down at the table. Sam turned to them when he was able to and smiled when he saw his brother's hand over Castiel's. It had finally happened. And, man, Sam couldn't be more proud of Dean.
Slowly and tiredly, the pair got ready for the day. They changed out of their pajamas into clothes. Cas kept his wings out as the two of them walked downstairs.
Something turns in Cas' stomach. He feels his invisible wings ruffle at the thought for Dean with that Lisa Braedon. Cas didn't like her before and now, he just hates her.
Cas and Dean sat in Dean's room. They sat on the mattress together. Cas' Back was turned to Dean and the Winchester was cleaning his wings when a small frown forms on Dean's lips as he notices something he probably should have noticed before.
The four of them arrived in the Great Hall and decided 'to Hell with house boundaries' and all sat down at the Gryffindor table, the most empty table so far out of the four tables. Food was already spread out along the tables, waiting for the students to take it and begin their midday meal.
The two talking figures stood just outside a small coffee shop. They both had somewhat skinny forms, as if they hadn't eaten much all week. The slightly taller one has black ruffled hair and wears a dirty trench-coat. The other is a few inches shorter and has golden brown hair. The smaller one wears a brown leather jacket.
Dean looked at Cas, easily noticing how nervous his friend currently was. "Of course, Cas. What's up?" He responds.
Sometimes, his brothers would play Quidditch on their own brooms and Cas would play along as seeker because he was the lightest one of the bunch. But he almost never used a broom, instead using his wings because that was much easier and far less expensive.
The students all listened to Professor MacLeod go over her rules, saying stuff they could do and couldn't do. She went over the rules about if cauldron mishaps when the cauldron is ruined.
There's a moment of stillness before Dean finally gives in and opens the wrapped present. Dean unwraps the item. He freezes when he sees what it is. It's a framed picture of Team Free Will 2.0 and it was a picture that Dean didn't have. The picture was from a few years back. If Dean remembers correctly it was just after Michael had unpossessed  him. It had been Castiel's idea since they didn't really have an updated picture of the four of them. Dean though that picture had gotten lost forever, but apparently not.
Meg nods. There's silence between the three of them before Meg finally stands up. "Well, you two are pretty boring. I'm gonna go find me some girls and we're gonna have some real fun." Meg leaves without another word.
Castiel chuckled under his breath. Gabriel was two years younger him, Balthazar only a year younger than Gabe and Anna was five.
The professor sighs. "Yes, dear, you may go to the bathroom. But hurry back, I don't want you to miss any important rules, okay?"
Cas slowly calmed down. When he was fully calm, Dean pulled away and made a move to get up off of the mattress. Cas, however, stopped him, whispering the word, "stay." Dean obeyed Cas and lay down. Cas followed his movements and laid down next to Dean. The deva, once again, wrapped his arms around Dean and soon fell back to sleep.
Madam Hooch told them to get started and the students kicked off the ground, a students only raised themselves about a foot off the ground while others went about six feet off the ground. Madam Hooch watched all of the students carefully. She made many corrections to help the kids stay steady. The teacher went around, giving tips to each student. When she came to Cas and Dean, she only nodded at them and gave a small tip to Dean to keep his hands a bit closer to him.
As the train ride to King's Cross took up just about the whole day, Ellen had decided to make some dinner when they got to Bobby's home. When they did arrive, Cas noticed that Bobby's house had two visible floors and a nice, large backyard. It was a nice house, a bit smaller than the Novaks', but then again, they had to fit eight people into one house.
"Dean, do you want to make the burgers or would you rather risk me making them so you two can hang out more?" Sam asked, raising an eyebrow and smiling at his older brother.
After saying goodbye, Cas left the Great Hall to get to the Owlery. The deva walked silently through the halls. He passed a few other students on the way but the halls were mostly empty. One of the moving pictures caught Cas' attention for a moment.
Donna led the two boys away from the classroom so their conversation wouldn't carry over and interrupt anyone. "Danny, I want you to meet Castiel. Castiel, this is Dan Espinoza. He's the Hufflepuff Quidditch Captain. I'm gonna quote McGonagall from her stories, 'I found you a seeler'." Donna clapped her hands excitedly. "Well? Do you think he could work?"
It soon gets late, both Dean and Cas agree that it was time for them to leave. Cas saying that he would walk Dean down to the  Gryffindor common room before leaving for the Hufflepuff one. The two of them walk hand in hand towards the exit of the party but they hear someone talking to them from behind.
And to grieve, I decided to write the ending I want. Of course, the last two episodes are currently yet to air and Chuck knows that I won't be expecting whatever comes and if Cas comes back or not (Misha is rumored to have gone to Vancouver to film something sometime in the last two episodes- so here's hoping).
It was mainly Cas that got harmed. His brothers would try to step in occasionally but it wouldn’t end well. And their father would just keep doing it.
Castiel watched him leave. If this really was the Professor Lupin the sorting hat was talking about, then maybe Lupin had a secret like Cas did or maybe something similar to it. There was only one way to find out. Besides, Cas can read the first two chapters of a book later.
Eventually, Donna stopped outside a classroom. "Jody-o, can I please see Espinoza?" She asked, peaking her head into the classroom. A moment later, Donna stepped aside and out walked an older boy.
Placing the laptop to the side, Cas sighed to himself. He was sitting at the table, still as a statue. Cas' mind began to drift. The angel got lost in his own thoughts.
"And here come both the Slytherin and Hufflepuff teams." The announcer and commentator, Lysander Scamander, spoke into a microphone
Cas bends down so he's eye to eye with the dog. For a moment, both the angel and the pup are still. Then Cas reaches out and pets Miracle. Miracle immediately wags his tail, a grin seemingly crossing his face, revealing his white dog teeth.
The pair of them look down at the field below them. The other students below them so small. They were the highest ones of the class.
“I’m doing good, I think. I haven’t met the Potter family before, but Bobby talks a lot about them. So does Ellen,” Dean answers.
The Winchester chuckles. "I won't disappear on you. Promise. That means I'll have to make a costume by tomorrow evening..." Dean thought to himself for a moment, trying to come out with some outfit he could make out of the clothes he already has. "What will you being going as, Cas?"
Aaron hesitated, not sure if he should tell the boys or not. "We do not believe that it was just a house fire. We think that someone may have caused this fire." He took out a picture. "Do either of you recognize this man?"
The witch looked out the kitchen window. "I believe it will snow soon. Not much, just a soft coating. Might be fun to play around in."
Cas opened his letter and took out three different pieces of paper. He smiled, already knowing who they were from.
It wasn't long before Sam and Gabriel came racing up the stairs and into the room. They were grinning at each other. "Careful, boys! The oven's on!" Ellen warned them. They ignored her and sat down with their brothers.
Lupin caught sight of the two boys and smiled at them. "Hello Dean, Cas. I didn't expect you to be here, Mr. Novak?"
Charlie's wand, on the other hand, had cypress wood, a Phoenix feather core, and was 13 3/4 inches long.
Gabe and Cas quickly went downstairs, both brothers dreading their father’s rage when they appeared. And just like they suspected, just like always, their dad was mad. Lucifer was currently in a fight with him, so he didn’t pay much attention to Cas and Gabe.
Cas shot up, suddenly standing up. "I'll be right back," he said quietly to his friends. Cas made his way through the jumble of sleeping students, doing his absolute best not to step on anyone. On his way out of the Great Hall, he passed Professor Lupin, who (very) luckily for Cas was doing his turn watching the students.
Also, no, the whole seven years at Hogwarts will not be this much in detail. I am planning on doing a whole load of time skips, so just wait.
Garth continued, “however, there is another situation where a mate will just pop up out of thin air. These mates are considered true mates. And when a deva finds their true mate, they go through a change. A change that brings them to their final form. A final form for devas, are rare, but they happen. When this happens, the deva reaches their full strength their your wings.”
Cas sat still, gripping the side of the chair he was sitting on and waiting for his wing to be healed. He should never have tried to fly again. He knew something like this was going to happen, yet he did it anyway. Cas went up there and he grew confident and cocky, only to let that make a fool out of himself. And he didn't feel like flying again for a long time. So now he was sitting on a chair, silently waiting for Dean to figure out whatever Garth was trying to teach him.
Dean takes Cas’ hand in a friendly, no-homo way and they walk back to the party together. They find Charlie at the food table (there’s even more Halloween sweets at the party! Ft. A very happy Charlie). The red-head glances at their connected hands and smiles at the two of them.
Dean turns to him. “Sure, Cas. I can help. Let’s see... how about you come over here and sit on the floor in front of me so I can easily reach your wings?” He suggests.
The petals lead to room 7B, which was opened. The petals led to the bookshelf. Knowing that there is something behind the bookshelf, Castiel cautiously pushes the bookshelf out of the way.
Castiel looks hesitant. He glanced over to where Meg, as the napkin said her name was, stood talking with the other two workers. "I don't know if I-"
Cas' favorite gift out of the four he got was probably the book from Lupin. The book he received was a detailed, informative book on devas that was at least four hundred pages long. Though it was likely a boring read, it would certainly help Cas understand how take care of his deva self a bit better.
Castiel looked at Dean, noticing the fear behind the usually bright green eyes. Cas stuffed his hand into his trench-coat pocket and took out the folded piece of napkin that he had written his phone number down on, just as Meg had given him. As he walked by Dean, he slipped the small paper into the younger Winchester's pocket for if Dean would ever need to talk to him again.
The deva looks up at the sky, blinking a bit whenever a soft snowflake would land on top of one of his eyes. The sky was now dark but the snow was visible and bright. Oh what it would be like to fly up there.
Time passed differently in Heaven than down on Earth. It would be a ten minute drive in Baby for Dean, and fifty-eight years for Sam. Sam lived a long, mostly happy life. He married Eileen, had a son whom he named after his brother, and lived until he was 96. He died painlessly and couldn't have been happier when he opened his eyes again to see his brother standing there.
Bobby looked up from his coffee and over at the young boy. "Well, Lupin should be coming over soon for lunch. The rest should be showing up an hour or so after."
When the movie finished Sam and Gabe went downstairs to Sam's room. Dean had to ask Bobby to help him get Castiel upstairs. Bobby used a simple levitation spell to move Cas from on top of Dean to Dean's bedroom.
Most of the students went back to their common rooms to get changed into their outfits for the costume party. Castiel went along with them, getting more and more nervous by the second. What if people noticed they were too real looking or that they were in fact attached to his back? Cas tried his best to put those thoughts away. He could worry about that if someone actually did find out. But not right now.
Madam Hooch walked over to the center of the field. The Quidditch players surrounded her as she unlocked the Quidditch balls. The two bludgers went flying into the air, as well ask the snitch.
When the last day arrived, Castiel went around and thanked his teachers. Some he talked with, Lupin in particular. Lupin asked if he would be okay over the summer break. Castiel would nod in response and told the professor that his father wasn't as bad as he used to be.
The Bunker seemed quiet. Dean sat in the map room with a drink in his hand. His chin rested in his free hand and he was half asleep. Dean jolted up when he heard the Bunker's door open. He almost spilled his beer over his flannel as he looked to see who it was.
The Winchester concentrated on the force, doing his best to make it as strong as he could. Dean could see Cas getting visibly uncomfortable as the force strengthened itself. Garth stepped back so he was with Ellen and Bobby. The trio of adults watched as Castiel's wing shifted it's position. Dean was doing it.
"You won't. Maybe something will come up in the far future and Cas is taken from us, but you will never truly loose him. He loves you, he loves you so much. And you love him, don't you? That love can never be forgotten or lost. Never."
"Halloween likes the only day I can put on a cosplay and not be judged by anyone," Charlie explained to everyone who would listen.
It was about 45 minutes later that all the kids were brought inside. Each of them were given a hot chocolate to warm up with. It was 9:30 at night and the party was still going. Desserts were brought out and disappeared rather quickly.
When McGonagall finished her speech, Dean just wanted the meal to be over. He hated not being able to talk with most of his friends. Sure, Chloe and Lucifer Morningstar we're both at his table, but they mostly stayed to themselves.
Lysander went on to introduce each member of the two teams. "The Hufflepuffs have two new players, Jae White, the keeper and Castiel Novak, the seeker."
Platform 9 3/4 is filled with families waiting to reunite with their children. There's loud chatter that fills the wizarding platform. Cas rolls his shoulders back, not at all liking the noise. Cas sticks close to his friends and the trio zigzag their way through the crowd.
Meg smiled. "Good job, Clarence. Before Potter, no one else had managed to do that in more than one hundred years."
Dean had always tried to be strong for Sammy. He had to be growing up with their father. Dean tried to do his best to show Sam that he was strong, that they could make it through whatever bad times lay ahead. And then the good times came rolling along, and Dean didn't have to lie anymore. But for some reason, he kept up the facade that Dean was so emotionally strong when he wasn't.
"Of course you can! You just have to go over there and talk with her! But don't mention being an angel, that isn't something humans take well," Gabriel warned.
The witch thought for a moment. "In my opinion, fizzing whizbees are rather great. I suggest that you should try that. And I will be back through if you want something else."
Cas walked over to one of the mirrors and checked his reflection. For a moment, he stood staring at his wings with pure hatred in his eyes. But then that changed when he remembered his wings weren't the only thing that made him himself.
Cas nods, standing up. He quietly says goodbye to his friends before leaving to go back to the field outside with Dan.
Meg had gotten over Castiel a long time back. She was, honestly, kind of used to the rejection from other males who did not find themselves in any way attracted to Meg. And she was fine with it. Didn't take it personally or anything. In fact, she was even glad that she still got the chance to become friends with Castiel. He's a nice kid. And you know? He deserves someone who will treat him nicely, god damn it.
After a while, the class ended. Half of the class was glad it was over while the other half was disappointed, having found the rebellious wizards in Ancient Greece quite interesting.
"Hey, Cas," Dean starts, "know you're busy, but Sam and I could really use your help with this case we're working. Sam thinks we're dealing with some witch and thinks you could help us by making sure we don't get infected by whatever this guy is doing to the vics."
Before long, Jack comes back into the room. He joins the two of them, not bringing much attention to himself.
Once most of the students finished taking in the sight of the Hufflepuff common room, The female prefect started to speak. And Blaine now had a bunch of papers in his arms.
Sam understood his brother's silence. "Dad's here?" Sam asks after a moment, repeating what Dean had said earlier. "Think I'd get kicked out of Heaven if I went over to him and slapped him?"
With the agreement in place to go to the party, Sam and Dean get into Baby and drive down the road to Bobby's place.  It didn't take long for the boys to arrive. Since they knew where they were going, the road that went all across Heaven, gave them a shortcut and allowed the brothers to arrive in under ten minutes.
"Winchester?" Gabriel repeats. "Well, they're the last in the direct bloodline from Cain and Abel. If I remember correctly, before John Winchester, they were all Men of Letters. The last of their family line, Sam and Dean, they were supposed to be Michael and Lucifer's vessels during the Apocalypse. But that obviously isn't happening anymore." Gabriel looks at his younger brother. "Why you suddenly interested in the Winchesters?"
"Why thank you. She's a 1967 Chevy Impala. A beautiful thing, she is, even after all these years of being driven by a Winchester." Dean seems to really love his car.
"The curse, it was 'facti sant cherubi', it's the curse one would use if they wanted to curse someone into becoming a monster." His voice cracked slightly. "Dean... the spell turned me into this. A monster."
And then there was Gabriel, Anna and Balthazar's mother, and the other boys' step-mom. Her name's Jewell and she's just as bad as Chuck. Jewell Novak was almost never around. When she was around, she never talked to her children. Instead, she would just go up to Chuck's room and drink herself drunk with him and then leave early the next morning.
Cas nods, "yes, ma'am, a few. But our friend group is mostly a mixture of houses. And years, to be honest. There's Meg Masters and her Slytherin best friend Mazikeen Smith. Maze is a second year, Meg is a first year Slytherin. Dean and I met her on the train. There's Charlie Bradbury, who is also a first year Hufflepuff. We met her on the train as well. And then there's Chloe Decker, who is a first year Gryffindor. And then there is Lucifer Morningstar, a third year Gryffindor. Actually, my brother who is a third year Slytherin and also named Lucifer, says that Lucifer Morningstar is his sworn enemy, but Morningstar claims he has no quarrel with my brother."
Garth has Dean move so they are both looking at Cas' back and his wings. Garth motioned for Dean to follow his movements. "So I want you to put your hands like this," Garth instructed Dean. To demonstrate what he meant, Garth stepped back and out stretched his arms so he was an arm's length away from Cas' injured wing.
Garth walked slowly over to Cas, going over to the boy's side to notify him that he was there. Cas looked up at Garth when he spotted him. His wings, on instinct, pulled close to Cas' back, which made the boy wince in pain.
Cas let out a pained yelp. Ellen's spell had made it worse. Much worse. That's when everyone began to panic. If Cas' wings didn't heal like a human set of bones would, how the hell were they supposed to heal them? No one knew what they were doing or how to heal a deva's wings.
"Oh, and White starts off his first Quidditch game by grabbing the Quaffle first. Oh my, he's a fast flyer. That looks like a Nimbus 5003 to me. White passes the ball to Lopez, Lopez passes it to Morris. But- ooh, the Slytherin Palmer intercepts it and passes the Quaffle to his teammate Kason. But White takes the ball in a swift move. That was a really advanced move they just did, folks. Bravo, White!”
It's a few more minutes before Castiel comes back into the room, new clean clothes on. His hair is wet and all over the place. By now, Dean had put his pictures and the pencil case away. The Winchester was sitting on his bed.
But he did. He felt things for Dean that no other human nor angel made him feel. And Dean didn't even care for him. Dean only used him so he could get what he wants, so he could be healed magically, so Dean could use his mojo for his own needs. Dean didn't care about Cas.
Like Garth had said, the boats started moving on their own. The boats slides smoothly across the lake. The boats turned a corner and multiple students gasped.
"Stop apologizing. It's what any of us would do," Dean assures him. If Dean had only been able to  do the same for Cas, this reunion would have happened a lot sooner. "Besides, I should be sorry. I let you rot in that place for so long."
Dean forced himself out of the warm, comfortable bed and got dressed into the Hogwarts school uniform. Dean's school uniform consists of a black robe with the Gryffindor crest on it, a grey sweater, some black pants, as well as a red and yellow striped tie.
Castiel hesitates. How could he tell Dean the truth? How can Cas possibly explain that he really has wings, he's cursed and Dean is possibly Cas' mate. Cas thinks, briefly regretting asking Dean to talk with him without even knowing what to say or how to say it.
Dean came into the hospital wing and his face broke into a large grin when he saw Cas in the corner. The Winchester walked over to his friend and greeted him. “Hey, bud. How are you doing?”
"Hmmm... top," Gabe answers. "The top always seems more fun." Gabriel throws one of his bags onto the top bunk. Sam's own stuff was already on the bottom bunk.
Dean put his hands up in surrender. "No, I didn't hear anything. I saw you in there like two minutes ago. I was looking for you and Charlie so I decided to wait out here. I didn't hear a word."
"I'd loose the ability to hear," some fifth year kid hissed from beside them, "so then I wouldn't have to listen to your stupid game."
Lupin listened to Castiel's rant. "If it is really bothering you, I can get the headmistress and ask for a private room?" He suggested when Cas took a breath.
Donna nods. "Well, I'll let you two get back to your classes." Donna leaves them be and Castiel goes back to his flying lessons and to Dean, while Dan goes back over to his class.
Cas looked over at the lotion. He smiles softly as he figures out what it is. Cas picks up the lotion and reads the label for some instructions. The deva turned to his mate. “Do you think you can help me with this? I haven’t properly washed my wings for a while.”
Cas let his angel blade fall from his sleeve. The angel looked at the sharp edge with enchanted eyes. He turned the blade, pointing it at himself, towards his chest. The angel closes his eyes, ready to stab the blade into his chest, ending all the pain, the emotion and the feelings. Cas stretches out his arms and starts to move the angel blade toward his vessel.
Castiel cracks a small smile. Dean had heard his discussion with the other workers. Castiel gave a quick glance over back at Gabriel, who was giving him an encouraging nod, Castiel then answered, "I get off my shift in an hour."
See, there had been a fault in the plan to kill God. And the fault was that he's God. Chuck knows everything, every little outcome from every little choice. So he was prepared for the Winchesters to come up with the plan for Jack to absorb all his power. To prep for that possibility, Chuck came up with a plan of his own. If Jack absorbed all of Chuck's powers, Jack would become God. But Chuck made sure that a fraction of hisself was taken along with his powers: the immortal part. That left Chuck's body mortal, but a fragment of himself immortal and attached to the new God. It took less than a few hours for Chuck to power back up. And when he did, he took control of Jack's vessel, ensuring that his planned ending still folded out the way he wanted.
Out loud, "Jack" speaks to Castiel. "No. Quite the opposite, actually. I called you here because I think it's better if you let him be. He only died a month after you, I bet he's still healing from your departure. It's best if you keep your distance for now. Keep working on making sure our new Heaven is working correctly."
Castiel  nods.  "I don't understand that reference but I see that your brother must mean a lot to you by the way you talk about him."
Sam huffs. "Cas, should I at least try to keep the timeline I lived going or are we just going to say 'fuck it' and leave that timeline behind us?"
"That was strange," Dean comments when the house elf leaves. The Winchester shrugs and turns to his new mate. "So, Cas did you sleep well? I certainly did, these beanbags are
Charlie and Castiel said goodbye to each other before separating, Charlie muttering about hoping to have some cool girls as her roommates.
The trio walked over to their usual spot at the Gryffindor table. Meg, Maze, Morningstar and Chloe all sat at the table already.
Charlie looked between the two of them. She was silent and suspecting for a few moments before shrugging. "It's cool, just try not to scare me like that, k?"
Finally, Castiel spotted a blur of gold. He had spotted the snitch! He dived after it, keeping an eye on the fast moving snitch. Cas speeded up to catch the snitch. Sturry had caught on by now and was close behind Cas. The snitch turned sharply, and Cas followed it with little struggle. Though Sturry did take an extra few seconds to change his decoration.
The three boys sat still, silently thinking about their absent mothers. Gabriel walked in to the room, "I convinced Ellen to make some pie, if you guys want to help."
Inside, Hogwarts was just as beautiful as the outside. Though, in different ways. Through most of the corridors, there were moving pictures hanging on the walls. There were also multiple other, simple decorations around as well. Vases, pottery and occasional trophy (as well as other trinkets) stands were placed throughout the halls too.
When they got to the party's location, Cas felt more eyes fall onto him. His wings folded tight against his back and Cas could feel his wings trying to hide from all of the stares.
The hunter instantly put down his angel blade as he recognized the voice. "Sammy, I'm in here," he calls to his younger brother.
Inside the classroom, Castiel's anxiety was going through the roof and Lupin could tell. A hand ran through Cas' short black hair. "I'm not going to be able to live like this for the next seven years, Professor. For you, it's once every month. For me, it's every day. And I understand that you had your challenges as a kid, but it's really hard for me. And I... I just don't know what to do."
“When I was at school, Sirius and I found this room. We found it completely by accident. We had panicked and were searching for a way to escape one of the teachers. Because of the way we found it, we decided to call it ‘the panic room’. Over the course of our years the Hogwarts, we spend so much time in there, just the two of us. We brought down those beanbags and the tables. It was mainly used for a space where we could be alone together. Now that I no longer have a use for it, I think you two would benefit from having it. I don’t believe anyone has been here in years. It’s all yours.” Lupin smiled sadly to himself.
Dean reached out to touch Cas' wings, not knowing that they were actually real. Cas, instinct, pulled away. But Cas quickly realized that his wings were not supposed to be feeling things right now so his wing stretched out so Dean could touch it. Cas blushed a bit when Dean touched his wing. Cas' wing was very soft, Dean ran his hand through the black feathers, not realizing the awkwardness it was putting Cas in.
And as for Cas, for the first seven-eight years of his life, he believed the things his father said. That he was a monster for having wings. That he was a disgusting little thing responsible for all of his family’s troubles. That he was a failure.
"You had a nice life, I'm proud of you, Sammy," Dean says when Sam finishes up telling him his life's story.
Lupin walks into the rest of the home, looking around. It was a annual thing for one of the professors to invite the other teachers over for Christmas, just in case they had no where to go to celebrate. This was the first one at Bobby's house. Bobby usually never came to the teacher parties so it came as a surprise when he invited everyone over.
The hunter shakes his head. "Far too long. It's been a year and a half. Sam moved out a few months ago to be with Eileen. He's considering asking her to marry him. Jack's usually up to the tips of his wings in work. It's just me here most of the time."
Madam Hooch calls everyone over for the end of class discussion. Dean doesn't bother listening, instead he stares at Castiel, thinking about how when they first met, Castiel barely talked around anyone else and now he's acting all happy and comfortable. Dean fells something warm and cozy sprout in his stomach, but he ignores it, passing it on as just some weird, twisted form of jealousy.
Receiving comments is probably one of the best things about writing, you actually know that people are reading your work! It’s crazy!
“I am doing well, Dean, thank you. And I apologize for leaving during the middle of the house sleepover, especially after what had just happened. My curent situation had nothing to do with what happened,” Cas said.
The two boys smiled at each other before turning together and walking out of the Panic Room, cautious of any students or teachers that may be passing by. With the coast cleared, Dean and Cas walked through the halls, eventually making it to the moving staircases.
Translation for spell is literally ‘become winged beast’ in Latin. With one change to make it “original” XD
Jody nods, saying it's ok before she officially starts the class. The Professor goes over the rules and the things they would be going over in class. Once these things were done and sorted, Jody said that they could go over some very simple charms.
"Is this about Dean, what you called me here for? I felt him arrive in Heaven a little while ago. Do... do you want me to go talk to him?" Castiel asks. The angel was really just concerned about Dean.
Cas smiles softly. "Sure." He rolls his shoulders back and his four wings appear on his back. The deva's wings don't spread out to their resting position. Cas was showing his wings off to a person he had only just met. And sure, it was Dean's little brother, but still.
Dean looks down at the picture for a few moments, completely silent. He moves his hand and gently traces the outline of Cas. He looks back up at Sam, Eileen and Jody. Jody had that look on her face. The look of a mother who knew her son had lost the love of his life.
Castiel frowns. He did not want to hurt Meg. He knew humans were fragile beings that could be hurt emotionally very easily. He gives a small nod and made a decision that he would tell Meg that he wasn't exactly interested in her.
Each of the Novak children learned how to take care of themselves since Chuck was never there. Chuck was always passed out or quite drunk in his bedroom. Of course the other boys did their best to make sure that Anna, Balthazar and Gabriel were never left to fend for themselves until they were ready.
Dean had some of his stuff scattered over the desk he was sitting at. Among that stuff, lay his wand. Dean's wand was ebony wood, 13 inches in length, with a unicorn hair core.
"So then Pam here stepped up while Bobby and I were thrown off to the side and tried to do an exorcism. But the poor thing used a demon exorcism on that pookha so it didn't work!" Rufus retold the story dramatically, "so then I had to step up-"
Sam comes through the doorway with Eileen close to his side. Jody followed in behind them. Dean looks at the three of them, confused as to why the hell they are here. Not that he minds them visiting, it's just they usually have a reason to stop by.
This made Dean smile. "Yeah, I pretty much raised him. Our father... he almost was never there for us, so I had to take care of him. We have a good relationship." Dean looks at Dr. Whoo, thinking about his younger brother.
Sam had the same serious look on his face. "I know, Dean. You say that each year. Just open the damn gift."
The desserts were gone in mere minutes, they were so goof. Cas made note to thank the house elves for their hard work the next time he went passed the kitchen. Once every table was close to cleared, the desserts disappeared and one table at a time, the houses were excused.
It didn't take long for the Novaks to arrive back at their home. Chuck was the only other one home when they arrived. For the first time, Castiel felt no worry walking back through the doors of his house knowing Chuck was there.
Not bothering to get out of their pajamas yet, the two boys walked downstairs. Ellen was making some bacon and eggs on the stove while Bobby sat at the table with a cup of coffee in his hands. Ellen really made Bobby happy. They were a cute couple and Bobby would probably be a bit different if she wasn't around each day to keep him sane when he was home from Hogwarts.
Dean smiles at Gabe. "I'll make sure he gets it, don't worry. And Gabriel?" Dean makes sure Gabriel is looking at him before continuing. "You're a good kid."
you since the day I first met you. You taught me to love the world, to love humanity. Maybe you made me more human than any angel before The Fall, but you made me stronger too. Dean, you helped me to be better. And I-I know you don't feel the same; but just know that even if you don't love yourself, there is someone who does."
Cas immediately reached over, his hand hovering about an inch away from Dean's. The white light began to shine as Castiel used his grace to heal Dean. The white glow was flickering and looked somewhat weak. Dean made a look but didn't comment as Cas pulled his hand back to reveal a fully healed Dean.
"Thanks, love," Dean says, glancing up at Castiel's shirt that had his name pinned to it. "Castiel, huh?" He guessed his name. "Well, Castiel. Two things for you. One, tell your friends that they are pretty bad whisperers. Two, when do you get off work?"
Lupin looked over at the young boy. "Yes, I do know about his secret. And I understand how he feels. To be different from others like that, it's certainly not something someone like your brother should have to go through, believe me, I know."
"I need you to focus, Dean. Focus on the connection you have between yourself and Cas. Not just the friendship, the profound bond. Focus on that bond and do your best to make the feeling stronger. As strong as you can make it."
Charlie was super excited for this party and was talking about her costume options. There weren't many options as the students were allowed to buy costumes and had to use what they already had. Charlie being Charlie, she already had about ten costume ideas.
"Meg's interested in you, so you're going to have to do most of the talking, but I'll be there in case you need backup. Okay?" The topic of Meg resurfaced.
When Dean sits back down at the table across from the angel, he asks a question. "What was it like- in the Empty? You weren't awake for most of it, were you?"
Cas signed his letter before tying it to one of the school birds and sending the bird off. He watched as the owl flew away into the distance before turning and heading back to find his friends.
He, Bobby, Ellen, Sam, Dean and Gabriel were now back at King's Cross Station, ready to get back onto the train to go to school.
For the rest of the meal, Castiel sits there, not speaking to anyone and not eating any desserts. Eventually, Professor McGonagall stands up from her chair.
The beverages and pastry that they split between themselves wasn't much. But it was enough for now. It was enough to get them through however many days to come until they could get food again.
Cas took time to think before getting an idea. "I know what I'll be dressed up as, but I'm going to keep it a secret." The pure-blood grinned.
Lupin clapped, "good job! Next!" He called the next student up. "Go ahead, James. It can't hurt you if you do spell."
Both boys nod. Ellen smiles and quickly makes them two cups of hot chocolate, adding some marshmallows in on top. She hands them to Dean and Cas. The boys sit down at the dining room table and silently enjoy their hot chocolates.
"I told you that a few teachers would be coming over, right?" Bobby asked, directing his question at Castiel.
Garth was an animal lover. It was the reason he took this job when the guy the teachers offered it to- Charlie Weasley- declined. He loved kids too. He absolutely hated when animals got abused. And hated it even more when children were treated like animals and got abused. It just angered him so much. But right now, he was abusing this poor kid by not finding whatever was causing the deva's pain.
"Yes, ma'am," Cas answers, letting his wings pop out and stretch a bit. He hasn't taken his wings out since the two ministry men arrived.
Lupin watched as the young boy left his office. The professor shook his head, "Minerva's right, that boy's going to be trouble." He whispered to himself.
“Are you sure you’re feeling well enough to come back to class? You had to be pretty sick last night, because you sure as hell look it.”
The pictures were old and crinkled, but still in tact. They were moving pictures, too. Dean looked down at a picture of him, Sammy and both of his parents. Just before his mother died. Dean studied his mother's wide smile and the brightness in all of their eyes. They were still a family back then. Oh what had a changed. Dean took his time, looking at each picture and studying it.
Cas shook his head. "No, Professor. Actually, I think I found my mate. I just haven't exactly said anything yet. But I will tell you if I'm wrong and one of those symptoms pops up."
Castiel watched as Gabriel walked off to go back to their small apartment Ellen got them. It was around midday now. The trench-coated figure looked around. A frown crosses his face when he doesn't see Dean. He doesn't even know if the human is going to show up or not.
Castiel, Michael and Lucifer all met up with their siblings. Cas waved farewell to his friends before turning to his family and giving a small smile. Anna wrapped her arms around Cas' waist in a childish greeting. "Did you have fun?" Anna asks in her small voice.
The pair had visited Garth and his family a couple time. Garth had begun to tell his kids to call the, 'Uncle Dean' and 'Uncle Cas'. They also visited the Wayward Sisters a few times. Claire and Kaia are kicking it off in a relationship together and that is going well so far. Sam and Eileen still hunt together and are getting close. In fact, the week before, Sam had asked Eileen to marry him, she said yes! That was very exciting news.
The year was almost coming to an end, but there was still one thing that needed dealing with. There were still the end of the year exams to do. Castiel was not at all excited for this. No one was. Even Charlie looked tired from all the studying, and that was saying a lot.
The teacher walked to the front of the class. "Hello, students," he greeted, "my name is Professor Lupin and I'll be the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher."
The game was currently 60 to 80, with the Slytherins in the lead. They were about an hour into the game. Slytherin and Hufflepuff were a pretty good match for each other. Some of the Slytherins did play rough, but the Hufflepuffs mostly didn’t, yet it was still a moderately fair match.
Charlie hummed when she saw all of the different sweets. "Oh I'm going to gain so much weight by the end of this year," she said, shaking her head and digging in to a chocolate cupcake.
Castiel thought to when he first stepped onto the Hogwarts Express. He had been quiet and worried for the year. He didn't know anyone in his year either. Now, here he is. A bit more confident with himself, had a good experience at school and now had a nice group of friends. For the first time, life seemed to be good. So maybe this summer wouldn't be that bad.
The nurse got Castiel to a bed in the corner of the hospital wing so if another student were to come along sick, she would easily be able to put a divider up to hide him. The nurse got some medicine and brought it over to Cas.
When Castiel gets back, Dean is looking around for him, looking worried. Dean spots Cas and smiles at him. Cas goes over to him.
Dean lightly traced a scar on Cas' wing. That scar led Dean to other scars. Slowly, Dean discovered more and more of Castiel's scars. Cas was tense. He knew that Dean had spotted the marks on his two bigger wings.
That's when Harry Potter interrupts. "You were going to propose to Sirius?" He asked, genuinely shocked about this new information.
Cas grins at Dan’s save. Up here was really the best view for watching the Quidditch game. It was the Novak’s first game so he was really mesmerized by how it all worked.
"Is this like a magic-only library or something?" Gabriel asks, looking back over at Sam and then Vanya and Sissy.
"Quite a few. Cas, how long is it after Dean's death?" Sam seemed to know something that could help that the other two didn't.
A spell hit her leg, causing a large gash to appear on her calf. Vicky let out a cry of pain and fell to the ground, hitting the ground hard.
Everyone obeyed and almost simultaneously stepped op to their brooms and followed Madam Hooch's orders. The word "up" was repeated through the class of students. Immediately, Castiel's broom snapped up to his hand. Cas grinned, feeling the wooden broom in his hand. Almost two seconds after Cas succeeded, Dean's brook snapped up. The two friends smiled at each other when they saw the other had gotten their broom to listen to them.
"Speaking of which, how many people do we have to inform that I am not, in fact, dead?" Dean questions, looking over at his younger brother.
A two weeks of classes passed. The Ravenclaws won the game against Slytherin so the final match of the year would be Hufflepuff vs Ravenclaw. Castiel spent hours preparing for the match. He took out some of his upset emotions by flying around on his broom.
Castiel, having no idea what Dean meant by doing something other than a movie at his place, nodded. He didn't say anything about not being able to taste and eat foods like humans are able to. If eating food is the way to spend more time with Dean and perhaps get to know him, then Castiel is done.
Dean decided to go wait for him outside the bathroom. Cas came out a dew minutes later, baring no proof that he had just been in pain and still was.
The group of students talk for a bit and eat their lunch, Castiel speaking more now that he's around people he's comfortable with. Soon enough, all four kids were full from their meal.
As Castiel walks away from the human, he feels a strange sense of familiarity. He is certain he has never met the Winchester. But he is sure he had heard the name Dean Winchester before.
Charlie laughs a bit. "Sorry 'bout barging in. It seems fourth year girls don't want to hear my stories about muggle online roleplay. I was honestly surprised that I got my letter. But super happy. I mean, I get to live my own story, not just me on my computer all my life."
Sam looks over at Gabriel, suddenly getting an idea. "Hey, I want to show you something," he says, a large smile spreading across his face.
The pure-blood rolled his shoulders and his wings appeared on his back. Cas let out a sharp exhale of breath that he hadn't realized he was holding. His black, beautiful wings stretched out behind him, as far as they could go without hitting the dirty walls of the bathroom stall. Which, by the way, was not far at all.
Charlie’s costume was pretty hard to put together. Because they costumes are all supposed to be made of what the students already had and I was debating on if Charlie just brought a cosplay along with her or not. So I decided a regular Halloween costume would go well and made her get a fancy mask and a dress. But then I thought I could put that into any movie. So I looked up movies/shows/books with an outfit like that and the Labyrinth came up. The Labyrinth was a solid movie so I put it in.
Castiel goes quiet as he takes his stuff off of his bed. He takes out one of the school uniforms he had bought at Diagon Alley and sets it out for morning. Castiel didn't bother packing or even changing into some comfortable pajamas before slipping under the warm sheets of his bed and doing his best to fall asleep.
Sam frowned. "I... I think I remember feeling a lot of heat on my face and hearing all this loud noise. I didn't understand what was going on, I was two and half-asleep, so I don't remember much."
A few of the muggle-borns listened with a frown because of how they had been raised to know certain things as history but it had been a lie.
"No problem, kid," Bobby says, patting the boy's shoulder while being careful to not disrupt the two pairs of hidden wings.
There's a moment of silence before Dean moves so he's in front of Castiel and hugs him. "I'm sorry."
(And the amount of times Charlie would go around just saying "fuck you!" to anyone was too many to count. And sometimes, she would accidentally say it to a muggleborn and either get laughed at or get yelled at. Either way, it was still fun. Dean certainly had some laughs watching Charlie do this.)
There's silence in the room after Cas finishes up speaking. Dean doesn't know how to respond to that.
"There's a student, Castiel Novak, he's a deva and his wings are in a lot of pain right now for some reason. I don't know what's going on with him, but I thought that perhaps you would have an idea?" Lupin explained rather quickly.
From the kitchen, the Novak siblings all froze. They had heard that sound before. Much like Castiel, they thought they wouldn't have to hear that terrible sound again.
The journey to the playground took about three and a half hours to get there. When he arrives, Cas took a good look around. He wonders where in the name of his dead father, could Dean hide another note.
Sturry almost catches up but Cas manages to stay in front. Cas reaches his arm out as he gets close to the snitch. His balance is easily kept as he reaches out.
Bobby was the one who answered the door. "Yes?" He asked, looking at the two men standing there on the steps.
A large castle stood there. The castle was beautiful and had multiple lights from inside. The boats moved slowly towards it. Most students stayed silent, taking in the sight of the beautiful school. A few others were whispering amongst themselves.
Dean's mouth fell open. "Whoa, really? That's so cool! Something like that hasn't happened since Harry Potter! The Chosen One! I have to admit I'm a bit jealous, but hey, just another year before I can get on the Gryffindor team and try to beat you at something. Wait- what position will you be playing?"
Cas looked over at him. He thought for a moment. "I don't know, I don't really have anything that could pass as a costume. What about you?"
Charlie huffed. She quickly changed the subject, though. "Dorothy was telling me about this house sleepover thing where we all can go into the Great Hall and apparently there are sleeping bags laid out for us to sleep in. And it sounds fun. Would you guys be down to joining?"
Garth was still leading Dean through how to heal Cas. Dean was struggling a bit and Cas was trying to keep still as the pain and aching of his wing started to get to him. Ellen and Bobby stood behind them, both with a worried look on their faces.
Once Cas was gently placed onto the blowup mattress, Bobby left the room. With Bobby gone, Dean carefully got onto the blowup mattress next to Cas. It was weird that Dean had gotten so used to having Cas next to him, that he didn't want to sleep without the deva by his side, even for one night.
Dean walked past the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom before doing a double-take and peaking his head in through the door. Cas stood there, discussing something that seemed to be very... emotional with Professor Lupin.
There's an awkward-filled silence between the trio. Sam glances between his brother and Cas. "I... I'll go get some food ready, you two talk."
Castiel’s wand was chosen because of the resemblance to an Angel Blade, as well as the apple-like coloring that went well with the apple wood.
Cas instantly remembers the barn he had first met Dean in. He remembers the moment perfectly. The way he had been so different back then. Such a loyal little angel, he was. Now look how far he's fallen.
Cas smiled and continued to chase after a few more charmed golf balls before Dan finally called him down, saying that this had been more than enough practice for now. Dan grinned at Castiel, this year, the Hufflepuffs were sure to win most of the Quidditch games with Cas on their team.
Dean started, "I remember running into the hallway from my room and seeing how my little brother's room was lit up. I remember my dad running out of the room and handing me Sammy, telling me to run outside and not look back."
Thank you for reading this through! Hope you liked it! I know the ending was rushed, the story is plotted over the seven years at Hogwarts so we aren’t done yet.
Lupin's eyebrow rises and he crosses his arms. The professor has an idea what Castiel is talking about, but waits for Cas himself to say it. "That depends on what your secret is." Lupin pauses. "If you do not wish to tell me, I understand."
Lupin nods. “Wait, I should probably get something before we go.” The Professor disappears into personal chambers to grab something. When he walks out, he has something in his arms. He hands it to Cas, “here, put this on.”
Cas was silent for a moment. Chloe actually thought he was asleep for a second. Finally, the pure-blood nodded, "go ahead."
After finishing their breakfasts, the group of kids went on with their days, doing their chores and taking care of their house while their father bitched, yelled at them and drank.
Lucifer Novak would constantly send Cas glares for befriending his sworn archenemy. Although Morningstar said he had no conflict with the other Lucifer.
“Now, devas are a very peculiar sub-species of humans. Just like werewolves-” Garth’s wife is a werewolf- “devas have mates in life. Their subconscious mind finds someone who is compatible enough to be their mate and latches on to that person, that person then becomes in their mate. It most situations, for devas, after they set their sights on a mate, they have to do everything they could usually do with any other person that involves their wings with their mate or else it won’t work. For instance, cleaning and preening your wings will not work unless it’s your mate doing it. Another thing is, after getting a mate, the deva will go into a sort of heat. Though, that only happens when one is of-age, so you won’t have to worry about that.”
Lupin nodded and left the two boys alone, thinking it would probably be better if Dean talked to Cas instead of the teacher.
Castiel, however, didn't pull up. He managed to pull off a move that allowed him to stop a split second before landing on the ground. Both of his feet were placed on the ground a moment after. It was a swift and smooth move that had a big chance of failing but Cas got it right. The Novak looked over at Dean. "I win," he says, having landed on the ground before Dean had a chance to.
Secondly, I want to thank everyone who helped to create Supernatural. In particular, Misha Collins. Like so many others, Castiel has been my favorite character. He's a comfort character and just a wonderfully created part of the story. Misha did an absolute incredible job as Cas and I'm so glad I got to see his performance as this character. Thank you everyone who created SPN and thank you Misha.
Gabriel notices a small sign behind Meg. "Actually, we're looking for jobs, something to make more money. Our family wasn't very rich and our home burned down not so long ago. We weren't left with much. So it would be nice to get some money in our pockets."
Truthfully, Castiel has no idea why all of the sudden he is attracted to a human, but here he is. He doesn't mind. He has no idea where this came from. He does know that something in him wants to spend more time with this human who was been alive for a small, small fraction of his long life.
Cas pulled his legs up onto the couch, moving a bit closer to Dean. He was uncomfortable. Not only were his wings in an uncomfortable position, he didn't exactly trust the teachers who had just arrived. Dean glanced over at him with a look of assurance. Cas could get through this  he managed to get through years of keeping his wings hidden.
“You know, when your brother Michael was in his first year, he came to me to talk. And he told me everything that had been happening. He didn’t know who else to tell, so he came to me. I wasn’t upset about it, more glad that he did talk to someone about it. He told me how his life back home was. He told me about his loving little brother who was cursed to be different from everyone else. His brother that was too nice to everyone even when he was treated terribly in return because of something he never did. I told him that it had always been in his hands to do something to help his little brother. And that’s what he did.” The headmistress looked at Castiel.
Castiel smiled and walked over to Dean. The two of them sat down, admiring the view. They sat like that for a while, occasionally making conversation but mostly staying quiet. Somehow, they didn't get frostbite.
Dean rolls his eyes. Maze and Meg chuckle at that. Mazikeen stands and pats Meg's shoulder before going back over to the Slytherin table.
A blonde woman came through the large double doors, the students catching glimpses of the older students inside the room. The woman walked over to Professor Mills and whispered in her ear. Jody nodded and faced the students.
Cas had no idea what was going on. But whatever was happening, it was bad. And painful. So very painful.
The man gives  Cas a small slip of paper. Another note. "This is for you, some dude came up to me earlier telling me to give it to you if you came by."
Cas nodded and tried to relax his wings, but the pain was too much to bare so he just kept as still as he could.
Cas kept his wings uncomfortably tight to his back under the trenchcoat that he was still wearing. He hadn't yet changed into his school uniform, the train ride had just begun.
Headmistress McGonagall sat down at the edge of Cas’ hospital bed and looked over at the cursed deva with a sad look in her eye.
It took about three minutes until Cas' wing was fully healed. When it was done, Cas turned to Dean. Both boys has the same look on their face. It was a look that crossed between confusion and awe.
Dean went on to explain to Cas that he would take him over to the small Edleburry lake after pie. He didn't explain the lake in detail, but he did say it was quite beautiful. Cas nodded, interested in going. The deva didn't have his wings out, afraid that some feathers may accidentally get into the pie or his wings would just get into the way.
The first ball was tossed into the air. This one, wasn't charmed and just went up before coming back down to the ground. Cas quickly dived after it when he realized Dan had not enchanted this particular object. He caught it quickly in his hand and smiled down at Dan to show he caught it. Dan nodded approvingly before tossing one enchanted golf ball in to the air.
John Winchester stood, a ghost of a beard on his face. The elder Winchester's eyes found Castiel beside Dean. "Who is this?" He asked and Castiel could hear harshness in his tone. So much for being welcome at this house.
"This place is great, Samsquatch. I've never been much of a library person but this is cool," Gabe says, looking at his friend.
Before long, dinner is ready. It was a simple meal. Pasta with the option of adding sauce and meatballs. It was simple and super delicious.
Bobby had gotten back to Dean about Cas spending the vacation at his house, he had said yes. Bobby had even asked Michael if Cas could stay, as Bobby knew of the not-so-great household the Novaks lived in. Michael had told Bobby about his life back home, as he trusted the Head of Gryffindor. And although Bobby didn't know what Cas' condition was when Michael told him, he knew he had one. Michael had also agreed to let Cas go. To make it better, Gabriel had decided to go with Castiel to Dean's house too.
Cas walked over to the other members of his team, the snitch still in his hand. His team was grinning at him. When he arrived, Tanya Rivera patted his back. Cas winced and pulled away from her. Rivera frowned. A couple of his other teammates noticed, including Dan.
On their second day at work, Meg and Castiel were talking with each other. It was a quiet hour and no one was waiting in line to order. Castiel had been assigned to take orders with Meg, while Gabriel had been told to work with Jo and Ash in making the orders and preparing them.
Garth pauses. “I have to apologize because the worst part of the pain hasn’t arrived yet. Your second pair of wings is only breaking through at the moment, it will get worse when both sets of wings start to grow.”
In response, Meg chuckles. She walks around the corner and reunites with the other workers. "Who is it??" She asks, interested. Her eyes scan the room of customers. "Ooh is it that brunette over there? She is pretty hot."
It was a nice Sunday when Meg decided to take a quick break from working and let Castiel handle the customers for a few minutes. Castiel was doing fine, staying calm and speaking with the humans that came in the cafe.
"Sorry for scaring you, Charlie. I just stayed with Dean for the night, that's all," Cas explains to her. He glanced over at Dean, who was still acting cocky about being correct about Charlie's thoughts on what happened to Cas when he didn't show.
There were a few whispers of "who is it" from the guests as the living room didn't allow a visual to the front door. No one could hear what Bobby was saying so when the old hunter came back into the living room, there was a chorus of questions about who was at the door.
"I think I might go, I haven't decided yet. I could probably throw together a costume. But I won't go if you don't." Dean gave a small smile to his friend.
Lisa and Dean made their way over to one of the staircases that was headed in the direction of the Great Hall for breakfast. Lisa almost tripped when the staircase started moving beneath the pair of them. Her arms went out and she grabbed the railing and Dean's arm. Lisa pulled away a moment later, her face pink. Dean chuckled at her.
Folding his wings up behind him, Cas turned to the boy next to him. "I hope the charm I put on them lasts," he said to cover up the fact that his wings are actually real.
Things were going great back outside. Castiel had started to move around up in the air. It took him a few tries, but he figured out how to direct himself with his wings. Before long, Cas was racing around the perimeter of the yard, Dean following his every move.
Castiel stayed back to keep up the researching and find a way to stop Freyja from harming anyone else. It was a few hours into looking through Sam's laptop and going on multiple websites, did Cas decide to take a break.
Cas stepped aside, allowing Sam and Dean to leave the house. When the front door closed, Castiel started.
Since Dean had become his mate, Cas realized that his wings were far more sensitive to foreign touch. Gabriel could probably run a hand through his feathers, and it would feel strange.  It was like the only person allowed to touch Cas' wings were Dean.
The pair of them talked for a bit, catching up on what Cas had missed. Dean kept mentioning how Cas was lucky as he got to skip classes because he was sick. The Winchester jokingly complained about how everything is terrible and school sucks when they both know it’s not that bad overall.
By now, more students had filled up the Great Hall and were now eating from the tables. There was a range of food on each table for the students' different tastes. Most of the students obeyed the house boundaries and sat with their own house. There were a few who went to other tables, but they mostly stayed to their houses.
These face claims are only to set a base look for how the characters make look as their younger selves.
The next morning, Poe jabbed a finger into Dean's shoulder, causing the Winchester to jump up, suddenly awake. Amenediel and Poe both laughed at his reaction while Dean sent them glares.
Dean woke up a few hours later. It wasn’t yet morning, it was still dark out. Dean realized the blanket had fallen off both him and Cas. The Winchester looked over to see Cas still asleep. The pure-blood was in a ball, one of his wings was hanging off of the beanbag, another was over Cas’ shoulder. The other two were trying to mimic the bigger wings, but both of the newer set of wings were too small to actually copy the bigger wings’ position.
The Professor then walked over to Cas and handed him the blanket. “Here, though it doesn’t get cold in here, you might want this.”
"Welcome first years and welcome back everyone else to another year at Hogwarts. It has been over a decade since the Battle of Hogwarts and we are still going on strong. We should all remember to keep our friends tight and our focus strong. For if we do, we'll have a great year ahead of us. Now, let the feast, as well as the school year, begin!"
"The Vicky Novak you describe, Professor, doesn't sound like the Vicky Novak I knew when I was born. She left less than a day after. I'm still told that it's my fault she left, but if she's that great of a person, why would she leave?" Castiel asks, his voice weak.
The Novak's eyes snapped open. Cas was sweating and shaking violently. Hot tears were streaming down his face. His wings were hiding, pressed against Cas' back. Dean gently took Cas' face into his hands, forcing the deva to look at him. Cas' pained eyes looked into Dean's green ones.
"Though, Bobby probably will invite Professor Rufus Turner, the Ancient History teacher, and Professor Kelly Kline who teaches Earth Magic. They are all cool and accepting, but it's okay if you don't want them to know about your wings." Dean was super aware that Cas may end up feeling uncomfortable around new people, especially with his wings out, so he made sure to make it clear that it was okay if Cas didn't want his wings visible.
pie). Ellen took the pie out of the oven. With a wave of her wand, Ellen made she that the pie was cool enough to eat before allowing the kids to each take a slice.
Gabriel looks at Cas and opens his arms wide with a snarky grin on his face. Gabriel was jokingly mocking Sam and Dean. Cas shakes his head a bit and ruffles Gabriel's hair.
"What? He did that all the time to us when we were kids, can't I do it back? Besides, what's he going to do about it? Tell Jack? Kill me? I'm already dead!"
Amara was silenced as the angel the two celestial siblings had just discussed walk in. Castiel, in his dirty trench-coat, walked over to his adopted son. "Jack" had given all the remaining angels their wings back. But even with his wings back and complete, Castiel was never going to be the angel he once was.
The elder brother chuckles as he finishes up straightening his tie. He goes on to help his brother neaten up. "You look great, Sam. You and Eileen are going to be so happy together."
"Cas... we've known each other for thirteen years. That's a long time. Before we met, I didn't even believe that angels were real. Because if they were, how could they let everything that happens in the world happen? But then I met you. Everything changed. This is pretty chick-flicky but you have made me so much better as a human. And I never thought that I would want to marry someone because of this hunting life, I never thought that I would get a chance to do that. But I do now. And I want to, Cas I really want to." Dean looks at Castiel. Slowly, he brings out a small box and sinks to one knee. "Castiel, will you marry me?"
Sam and Castiel frown at Dean. "Cas and I were just made up a plan. I will go and try and see if I can do research on how to kill Freyja and undo her spell. You and Cas are going to go out and interview the people close to the vics. Maybe try to find any of the vics' crushes, see if they have some info too."
Dean waits patiently, understanding that whatever Cas has to say, it could be hard to come to terms with. He lets Castiel take his time coming up with the right phrases to use to explain whatever was going on.
“You don’t have to feel like you have to hide around me, Cas. You’re my friend and nothing can change that,” Dean says.
Most of the Hufflepuffs were upset that they hadn't won the game, but all of them were understanding and knew no one was perfect.
It was early July 2019, that Castiel died. Dean barely contacted anyone anymore. It had been a year and a half since Cas was taken. He spent his time alone in the Bunker. Sam had moved out with Eileen a few months back. When Dean wasn't in the Bunker, he was out on quick hunts. That was how he got all his anger out, hunts.
Dean leaned over to Castiel while the four of them walked and whispered to him, asking Cas if it was okay that Dean told Meg and Charlie about Cas' new achievement. Castiel said it was okay.
Cas shook his head, "I appreciate the offer but I don't think that would help much. I've barely spent time in my room and I don't think I'll spend a lot of time in there. And then there's the rest of the day. I can't stretch at all... I'm sorry for pushing this onto you, Professor."
If Castiel could stretch his wings out further, he would. But he had a 12 foot wing-span and he could not risk his wings being spotted by any passing student. So, he tried his best to improvise by bending his wings around the walls of the stall. It didn't work. Instead, his plan caused more pain.
"It has been a long day. I am sure you all are full and tired. So off you go. Your schedules will be handed out by the prefects before you will be shown to your assigned room." McGonagall excuses the students and sits down as all the students stand up in a wave of chaos.
Bobby turns to them. "Okay, so you boys have a couple choices as to where you can stay. We have three guests rooms that you choose from, or you can make room in either Sam or Dean's bedroom."
"I can take you both back to Earth after you died, Dean, I'll place you in your body, heal that; then put Sam in his body, hopefully Sam's older consciousness will take over for the one in that time. It'll change the known timeline and you can still die again. But if Chuck makes a move, we'll be there to stop it," Castiel explains.
If Dean didn't care about Cas when Dean was the only thing that made Cas feel alive, then what was the point of being alive? What was the point of living?
So yeah. Sorry for the late update. I promise I haven’t given up on this book. I hope I don’t but things have been pretty crazy, so it is a small possibility. But I doubt it.
Cas let out a sigh. "Okay. Sorry for reacting like that, it's just... never mind." He was quiet for a moment. "Charlie's outside talking to some Ravenclaw named Dorothy. They were outside reading some books when I left. I think Charlie should still be there."
When Cas decides it is time to leave his room in the late hours of the morning, the Angel is surprised to not see Dean already up. Confused as to why Dean isn't up and present, he goes to check and see if he is in his bedroom. Dean isn't in his bedroom either.
Much similar to how a real snitch works, but slower, the golf ball circled Cas for a moment before zooming off. Castiel immediately followed it, keeping his eyes attached to the fast moving object. After two or three tries, Cas caught the golf ball in his hand.
The few hours before the game, Cas was nervous and seemed out of it with anxiety. He got an awkward good luck from Dean before the game started.
Cas inhales deeply, breathing in the frosty air. His exhale brought a visible cloud of breath. Cas watched the breath disappear before stretching his wings out behind him. His wings extended to their full length. His original set of wings had grown about half an inch since his switch, but his second pair was still about the same length.
"Dean... last night, in my nightmare. It was my mother running from some man, who was trying to hurt her. Dean, it was that man in the picture."
The next day, the costume party was the talk of the town. Just about everyone was talking about it. The majority of teachers had gotten into the Halloween/fall spirit and had decorated their classrooms in that theme. There were a few kids who didn't want to go to the costume party, but most of the kids did and were super all excited about it.
There’s a bit more of walking as Lupin leads them down a few halls. He takes them to a closet door that has a “pull open” sign on it. Lupin wordlessly glances over at the two boys with a mischievous smile before turning the door knob and pulling out to reveal a magnificently dusty closet. Lupin closes the door before opening it again, this time pushing in like a rebel. The door swings in to show a different room. This room is larger than the closet.
The two friends were sitting in the pretty-much empty Gryffindor common room. They sat together on one of the red couches, side by side and near the fire.
"We'll be using these to practice. I want to see how good you really are," Dan says, while getting a school-used broom for Cas to fly on.
The screen went static for a moment, the annoying sound of it’s glitching filled the room. And then that sound stopped. The static screen changed once more. It showed a woman on the screen.
Cas takes his clothes. "No, I don't mind. I'll change in the corner opposite of you." Cas makes his way over to one corner while Dean goes over to the other. The two of them change into their school uniforms. They make sure the other is finished changing before both turning and meeting back in the center of the room.
The two boys eventually arrive at the Great Hall. Mere seconds after they entered, Charlie came running up to them. "Oh my Mystra*!Where have you been Cas, I thought you were murdered or something."
Dean smiles. The Winchesters pats the winged Wizard's shoulder before walking off with Lisa to go to the stands.
Besides the whole mate thing, Cas was doing pretty well in school. The classes were pretty easy so far and Castiel was doing well in all of them. His friend group had stayed strong. Dean, Charlie, Meg, Maze, Chloe and Lucifer Morningstar, with Dorothy occasionally dropping by.
Lunch came and went rather quickly before Cas was pulled aside by Dan and asked to meet him and the rest of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team. (Mazikeen had already left to joined the Slytherins.) Cas said bye to his friends before following Dan.
The coffee shop door opened with a little jingle as the bell on it moved as the door slid open. Castiel looked up to see who had just entered. And for a reason he knew not of, the angel felt his stomach turn at the sight of the figure.
Dan, the Quidditch Captain from before, came over to their small group. "Castiel, are you ready to go over the rules?" He asks Cas.
Sam, however, is standing by the stairs. Miracle, the dog Dean had adopted, had a leash wrapped around his neck. When Miracle sees Dean and Cas appear, he runs forward, yanking the leash that Sam had been holding right out of the Winchester's hand. Sam shakes his hand out, the leash having left a rope burn-like mark from being pulled out of his hand so quickly.
Dean looked up and scanned the Hufflepuff table before spotting Cas. Cas sat hunched over his food. Well, now Dean knows why he's always so quiet. Just at that moment, Cas looked up and locked eyes with Dean. Dean blushed ever so slightly and looked away. At the Hufflepuff table, Cas shrugged and continued on with his meal.
Lupin shakes his head. "I'm not sure why Vicky left you. But I knew Vicky we'll enough to say that she did not leave because of you."
From inside the house, Ellen and Bobby watched them through a window. "They've got a big future planned for them, don't they?" Ellen asked, looking over at her husband.
Before long, Lupin is seated at the table with the four boys. Ellen and Bobby bring out a simple lunch and serve it to the boys and the Professor. It's a small meal as dinner will be quite a feast. For the first few minutes after Lupin's arrival, he and Bobby discuss Hogwarts business. That, however, quickly changes.
"So, it's our first game. And there is reason to be nervous. The Slytherins are good players. They can and will play rough. But I have confidence in us. We have a new seeker, Castiel Novak, who is extremely talented. With his help, we will have a chance of winning. A chance is all we need to start out strong and stay strong throughout the entire game. We also have Jae White, and they will be our new keeper. Jae, Castiel, I believe in you two. Try not to think about failing, because that will make you fail. Think about winning and you'll have a chance." Dan looked at his Quidditch team. "Let's go!"
There's a pause. Gabriel gives Castiel a look that translated to something of 'so what exactly did you want to talk about'.
When he walked in the room, both Adam and Benny stared at him. Cas' face was already starting to heat up.
"Gabriel came in looking for you. He wanted to give that to you. Said he bought it last time he was in Diagon Alley and said you might like it."
Madam Hooch wrapped up the class and excused her students to go to their next class. Dean and Castiel made their way down to the dungeons for Potions with Professor MacLeod. On their way, they met up with both Charlie and Meg. Dean introduced Charlie to Meg. Though, the two girls didn't get off to a good start.
Gabriel looks over his brother's shoulder at the napkin. The archangel gives a laugh when he sees Castiel's confusion. "Little bro, you just got that girl's phone number, it means she's interested in you!"
Breakfast was finished up, the two younger boys went to help Ellen cook while Dean and Castiel went upstairs to work on assigned schoolwork.
"Meg! Language!" Ellen calls from her secret hidden room behind where the drinks and pastries were made and out of sight from any peering customers.
Cas spent a good fraction of the time on the train thinking about how he had not yet told Charlie about his wings. He wanted to, yes, but he just couldn't do it, y'know?
The pure-blood's head tilted, "why would they not be feeling fine, sir? Is there something I should know?"
After a bit of walking, Dean and Lisa arrived at the Great Hall. Loads of the other students were arriving around the same time they were. The tables were already filling up with kids and the teacher table was already full.
The next thing Castiel knew was he felt a painful sting on his face. He had felt this pain many times before. But Cas had thought he had gotten away from receiving it from his father. Cas thought the abuse was over. Apparently not.
"This is a nice home you have here," Lupin compliments, looking over at Bobby and Ellen. The couple thanks him.
Cas, followed by Dean, went upstairs to get his trench-coat. Dean dug through his closets (a familiar place for him) but wouldn't say what he was looking for. After some searching, Dean found what he was looking for.
"Kids, this is Professor Jody Mills, she's the deputy headmistress. She will be explaining the sorting ceremony to you and leading you to the Great Hall for the start of the year feast," Garth explains before leaving.
Cas looked around the Panic Room. “Now we don’t have to be apart,” Cas said softly. “Unless you get sick of me, then you are free to go. But I think I’m going to stay here. It’s a nice room and I don’t have to worry about hiding from anyone inside here.”
Cas couldn't help but smile at his younger brother. He missed Gabriel a lot. Gabe was usually the one who helped Cas out with his wings. Though, Michael would help out every now and again. He went on to read the second one.
Cas noticed his friends coming over from the stands and grinned at them. Charlie congratulated him first, with a large smile. Dean high fives him, smiling as well. Cas smiles back at them.
Despite it being a childish thing, Dean made a wish when he blew out the fire. He wanted his Castiel back, Dean would do whatever it takes to get Cas back. Yet there wasn't anything to do to get him back, because Dean can't. He can't get him back.
The Winchester stands up and motions for Gabriel to follow him. Slightly amused but also curious about where Sam was leading him to. Sam brought Gabriel into town. This town was full of muggles and a young lesbian wizarding couple. The town Ackles was a nice small place.
"If you wish to go back to Heaven after I send you back to your past body, then you can return," Cas says.
Cas went to the stall and changed out of his school uniform. He kept his white shirt on as well as his Hufflepuff tie and his school pants on but took off the rest. Cas slid on his trench-coat and pulled it tight over his body. With a roll of his shoulders, Cas' wings appeared. Both sets, four wings. Cas looked over his shoulder at them. He inhaled deeply and stepped out of the bathroom stall.
Cas notices a picture of four year old Dean and a two year old Sam, holding hands with a dark-haired man and a blonde woman. "Was... was that your mother?" Cas asks, glancing over at his mate.
"'Sup, bitches!" Charlie greeted them, grinning her signature grin at them. Even at 11, Charlie knew many muggle swears and would go around saying them because she wouldn't get in trouble for saying a muggle swear in a wizarding school.
Chloe thought for a moment. "Muggle." She looked around at the same ground. "Charlie, would you rather loose the ability to see or the ability to hear?"
After checking to make sure no one could see, Vanya took out her wand and tapped the wall four times. "Just like platform 9 3/4, go right through. I'll follow after you two," she instructs them, more for Gabriel's sake than Sam's.
The pair of prefects led the Hufflepuffs to the right once out of the Great Hall, while the Gryffindors and Ravenclaws went to left and the Slytherin went straight on.
And so, an hour or two later, Cas and Dean were in the backyard. The backyard was surrounded by walls of tall bushes, so it wasn't likely that Cas would be seen.
Gabriel had some of his candy with him and was sharing with Sam. They sat in a comfortable silence. The two of them had become good friends in the time Gabriel was visiting with his brother. Gabe was glad to know someone like Sam who would be going to school with him. Sure, there were times when his older brothers would bring their friends over and their friends had younger siblings his age. But Gabriel never really liked any of them. They were all bitchy. So it was nice to have Sam as a friend.
