Peter flushed and rubbed the back of his neck, not used to the attention being on him. “Uh, probably me, right?”
Tony no longer cared what he saw, dropping his hand and making a conscious effort to look at Steve’s eyes as he spoke. “Do you…need any help here?”
“No, you are right. I do not wear sparkles or glamour. Why not do it? It is only one night, after all.”
Catching his eye, Clint mouthed ‘Are you okay?’ before being met with a nod from Barnes. ‘I’ve had worse,’ James mouthed back, putting his head in his hands. Had worse or not, it had to have hurt like a bitch— and terrified the hell out of everyone.
In case anyone was wondering, the names Natasha mentions are translations of the Cyrillic ones that Bucky mentions in Ch. 7.
“They each took their bike. Sam left before anyone else, he’s probably already out on the field,” Natasha noted.
“Take me to my bots.”
“What can I get for you?” The waitress nodded to Pietro.
, Jarvis obliged obediently.
She felt the mattress dip near her feet as Tony sat down, nudging her leg aside in the process as he pulled his feet up. “If you insist, I’ll harass you here and now then.” Tony peered down at her, waiting for a response. After a few minutes of the silent treatment, he shrugged, picking the conversation back up himself. “I wasn’t kidding about the sheets-- can’t change them when the bed is constantly occupied, Natasha.”
“Please, let me take your coats,” he offered as Happy stepped into the elevator behind them. “Your coat as well, sir?” the man prompted Happy.
As always, thank you to h34rt1lly and Liz for being my betas and friend. <3
“Five!” Peter called, jumping over an ottoman to stand on the table. “Four!”
“Probably on their way Tony, now get dressed,” Elijah huffed in exasperation. “I have to make sure you won’t make a fool of yourself, since you pay me for that.”
they served breakfast all day.
Steve looked infinitely grateful for the door frame to hold him up, nearly collapsing as his face flushed and he coughed, feigning laughter and avoiding Tony’s (presumably) scowling expression. If he had looked up, he might have been surprised to see that there wasn’t a scowl at all. Tony held Bucky’s gaze, not missing a beat, and gave him a thumbs up.
“Are you afraid of heights?” Bucky was baffled by the very idea.
“I don’t know. Never brought me any luck before,” Bucky allowed.
“Can I walk you to your door?”
“I found it a while ago, but it means a lot to me. I think… you are one who will appreciate why.”
“Please do,” Pietro called after them as they left, the door hardly even clicking behind Natasha.
If you guys have been following along, you'll know that I planned to be done soon... But I've spent a lot of time ruminating on this fic. It wouldn't be fair not to give all of the characters the plot arcs I've given to Wanda and Nat. So, surprise! I don't know when I'll find this work to be at an end. I guess the best way to know is when all the stories have been told.
“Barnes, another crack like that and I might actually be convinced you have a sense of humor.”
, Jarvis announced over the chatter.
Clint handed his phone to Pietro as he settled onto the couch, letting him read the text in lieu of an explanation. The last thing he wanted was for Wanda to hear them, or for her to get suspicious and prod their minds. She made a conscious effort not to do that, but he couldn’t be too cautious, never knowing when would be the right time to introduce her to the project that had been going on behind her back. Pietro typed a text before handing Clint back his phone.
“What he was wearing was— whatever, I’ll deal with that in a minute. Again.” Tony closed his eyes and attempted to breathe, not particularly keen on the thought of JARVIS being alarmed by his rising vitals. “And that leaves Barnes…?”
“Excuse me, is this from
Pietro nodded, picking up his sandwich to avoid further comment. Wanda laughed, head falling back against the booth as a blush crept across Pietro’s face. “Boyfriend. I thought you would never admit it!”
Tony reached for a bagel as Bruce raised an eyebrow. “Pardon me, I like fresh bagels!” He stuck out his tongue as he got up in search of cream cheese, undeterred by Bruce’s judgemental eyebrow.
It didn’t take long for Peter and Bruce to knock, and the door swung open. Peter still wasn’t used to Pietro’s speed, knowing that he must have opened the door and settled back on the sofa in the amount of time it took for them to knock and cross the threshold. Bruce looked as anxious as Peter did excited, looking around for signs of Wanda as he took a seat in a barstool at the counter.
“I never killed him in the Red Room,” Natasha noted. “She’ll break the lights before she does a damn thing to him.”
“I’ve been training,” Wanda said mildly as she took a bite of the pop tart that Clint had given her. “This is excellent-- what did you say you call them?”
“You look like you just modeled for an Express magazine!” Peter chortled, falling to the floor in a fit of laughter at Clint’s feet.
As always, thank you to
“It’s been awhile since he’s visited,” Clint waved the menu as he spoke, catching the waitress's attention. “I’m not scared of the Prince of Asgard anyway. He’s a puppy.”
Clint cast a look around the room. “Enable the elevator, let me the fuck through! Pietro, stay here— the rest of you, you heard her, OUT!”
“Not a damn bit.”
“Of course I can,” Tony smirked as he produced a camera from his pocket. “I figured I would need this. Turns out I was right.”
“I think it only got harder for you. I was in the military, Wanda, and I’ve killed my fair share. I’ve caused people to die, acting on orders from my superior, when I knew it felt wrong. I’ve seen accidents. I watched my best friend die in front of me. You may have something that many military personnel suffer from, among others— Post-traumatic Stress Disorder, or PTSD for short. It’s treatable, but I’d need more sessions to diagnose it. But you may also have something much more simple: regret. It could be a lot of things, Wanda, but at the end of the day you have to stop blaming yourself. You did what you could. I was there, in Lagos, you know. You were a kid! You made a mistake. You’ve felt remorse, and regret, and struggled with it ever since. But how does damning yourself bring any of those people back?”
Tony stopped mid-step, sure he must have heard his AI incorrectly. “Excuse me, WHAT?”
“Alright, smile in three, two, annnnd one!” Tony took several shots before dropping his hand to his side, satisfied with his photographic evidence that he had, in fact, made an effort to include Peter’s aunt. As long as no one mentioned the party in front of her, everything should go according to plan.
“Can someone please explain why Ant Man just came out of a stripper cake?” Pete asked, looking entirely earnest.
Tony isn't going to let New Year's Eve slip past everyone without a celebration.
“At least you’ll ‘blend in’ with all the other dads!” Nat tossed over her shoulder as she disappeared into Clint’s room.
“You know, all things considered, you’re older than me,” Steve argued as his face flared with a blush. “I was frozen!”
Okay, I use some Russian and make references to a) a deleted scene from Civil War and b) a choice Natasha made in the comics (though I don't recall which run specifically) that I think should be noted to avoid any confusion. I clarify some of the Russian along the way, but I'm going to masterlist them right here-- please note I do not speak Russian and had to source the words from the internet in various locations, so if you do, please correct me if I'm wrong.
“The functionality patterns have been programmed by Peter and I based on sparring sessions we’ve studied with James, Pietro, and Steve,” Bruce explained. “The structures are complete, the arc reactor power is functioning on the same level as Tony’s suits. We did a session with James this morning, and it looks like they’re ready for her—”
“At,” he paused, groaning before continuing, “2:41am? I take it this cannot wait until a reasonable hour?”
There was no response from inside the room, as he’d expected. That was fine. He didn’t have anywhere else to be. Instead of begging her to open the door, Sam decided on a different tactic.
“Remind me never to date Tony,” Bucky muttered.
Wanda turned her head to look up at him, eyes still shining with laughter. “I’ve never done this!” She waved a hand around the room. “Is this what Americans are like?”
Before Peter could gather his thoughts for a response, Bucky yelled for them to stow the bots. He didn’t know how much time had passed, but the other bots were disabled  alongside the first. Bruce nodded before tapping the controls to suspend the arc reactors from feeding energy to the bots. Peter followed Bruce into the elevator, descending to the main sparring area so that they could speak to Bucky about the session. He was surprised to see his teammate soaked in sweat, although he was amused by the pieces of Bucky’s bun that had been dislodged and hanging around his face. Bruce and Peter both dropped to sit beside him on the mat, waiting for his verdict on the validity of their project.
“Safe words, children,” Tony demanded.
Clint had been gallantly on board, provided there would be “plenty of booze and games” at the party. Sam and Pietro had exchanged a shrug before resuming their conversation, while Wanda had raised an eyebrow and waved her consent. Steve hadn’t missed Nat’s uncomfortable shift in her seat as she studied her plate before declaring that this was an excuse for everyone to dress up. It had felt so close to her old self that it almost could have convinced Steve that the last three months hadn’t happened at all. Peter, predictably, was ecstatic to spend his first large holiday shindig with the team. Bruce had tried several out routes, ending in Tony throwing a dinner roll at him and declaring attendance mandatory. Bucky nudged Steve and winked, looking mischievous about some comment or another that had sparked plotting in his mind.
“They’re doing better,” Clint noted quietly as he filled his glass with water. “I’m sure they can handle shopping without an audience.”
“Then let’s go find them together,” Steve countered, looping his arm around Tony’s shoulders easily and pulling him along through the parking lot. Rather than dwelling on the affectionate side of Steve that had just come out in public (for more than a few seconds, anyway) Tony matched his stride and went along with the objective of finding everyone else. As it turned out, they were the first ones there— made obvious when Tony cringed at Steve’s side as Clint tore into the parking lot. Now was not the time to lecture on how to drive the Camaro. Wanda waved to them, her hair tumbling loose and free around her marbled dress. The bodycon number looked more like it belonged in Nat’s closet than Wanda’s, but if Clint was the surrogate to the twins, that must have made Natasha one by proxy. Pietro looked like he hadn’t run a brush through his hair in a week, but then again that was every day— at least he had bothered to throw on a steel henley and black pants. Natasha must have managed to coax Clint into his current pairing of black v-neck and jeans, which wasn’t really what Tony had asked for, but at least it had sleeves. With a sigh he joined them, mentally taking note of who was here.
“I go to therapy with Sam. What else is there to do?” She was tired. There wasn’t any point in going to the gym, to the dance studio, or even eating breakfast with anyone at the bar in the Commons kitchen, when she was tired. The serum wasn’t doing it’s job. “I’m tired, Tony. Are you here to tell me all the things I’m doing wrong? I think I hear quite enough of it from James.”
Everyone was laughing, even Bruce, at the sheer ridiculousness of the statement.
“Water pong for you, kid. Or maybe a juice box?”
“Please join me in a final farewell to the 2016 graduating class!”
“Wanda, I thought you were just grabbing your—” Natasha’s voice died in her throat as she appeared at Wanda’s shoulder, the tension palpable.
“Hunting two of them down was enough for my lifetime!” Elijah shrieked.
“Where can I get one of those jackets?” Peter said with interest as Tony spun in a circle to get the full effect.
“Ready?” Stark asked as he slid on his own sunglasses, more for fashion than the functionality Steve had been seeking.
“Why did we go out if you order pop tarts?” Wanda raised and eyebrow as she poured a cup of coffee.
Tony tossed a towel in Scott’s direction, pointing at the reindeer. “Cover up, there’s a child here!”
“Is he your boyfriend?”
“Does it meet your approval, Mother Hen?” Bucky nudged Stark and nodded to the jacket. “The clothing, Stark. Not the super soldier.”
Tony wasn’t one for public events (despite what SHIELD or Pepper had ever orchestrated on his behalf in terms of business parties and press conferences), but this particular high school graduation wasn’t just some other unavoidable event. He had elected to attend Peter Parker’s graduation before the invitation had ever arrived— and elected to drag the team alongside him without a rousing discussion. Pietro had snorted at the news, citing that Peter wouldn’t even note his presence, before receiving a firm glare from Clint that incited his mutterings of begrudging consent. Clint, of course, had asked about the presence of food (afterwards, here at the Tower, yes, you can pick the catering service) before he gave a thumbs up and promptly resumed lecturing Pietro about public relations and making friends. Wanda and Bruce both amicably agreed, although both seemed confused on why their presence was required in the first place. Nat, Bucky, Sam, and Steve’s agreement hadn’t come as any surprise, as they were honestly the only ones Tony could have predicted an honest yes from.
There must have been some mechanism that made the cake split in half from the inside, opening up enough for Scott to nearly fall out, revealing that he was wearing nothing but a rather garish reindeer speedo. He was dancing awkwardly, trying to hold back laughter, and pointing at Clint. “Did someone order the entertainment package?”
Bucky took a breath, steeling himself for the exchange of energy, before nodding  in consent. Wanda brought her fingertips to his temples, pressing gently to allow him to see. He had expected pain, searing fear, and depression. None of that met him at her touch-- only images, soft focus, things that hadn’t happened.
“It’s Sam, Pietro. I need to talk to your sister.”
Even broken pieces can be be re-purposed.
Wanda shook her head, dispelling Pietro’s assumption. “I am telling you the truth, Sam. I am angry that they treated me like a child, unable to think for herself or handle her emotions.”
“You just want me to bring you a coffee,” Nat griped as she shrugged on her jacket.
“Apparently he’s long-standing,” Steve noted as he pinched the bridge of his nose. “I did not sign up for this.”
Steve silenced him with a kiss, tugging at Tony’s hand. “Tomorrow. Really.”
“But is she ready for them?” Clint frowned, crossing his arms as he listened to Bruce’s explanation. “She hasn’t even been willing to use her powers since Lagos…”
“Touché, my friend. Touché.”
“YOU NEVER SAW HIM!” Wanda’s voice was rising every time she spoke. “You know nothing of Ultron, Peter, so how could you ever know if you have created another or not?”
“Alright, let’s go then,” Clint prompted, turning and taking off in the direction of the football field.
Several glasses of scotch in, Tony laughed, slinging an arm around Peter’s shoulder without dropping his other hand from it’s position around Steve’s waist. “Yeah, yeah, we’ll do the count. C’mere you two!” He jabbed a finger into Steve’s ribs, fully aware that it probably felt like nothing more than a spot of pressure. “Get your phone, Steve, we need a commemorative selfie!”
The sound of shattering filled the speakers of the observation deck, turning everyone’s attention back to Wanda. Stretches of red were all they could see, the room devoid of the previous light sources— and then they saw it.
“Pop tarts. How is the training? Thought you got the bots taken away for a stint?”
“That’s what Sam keeps telling me,” Natasha agreed wearily as she edged out of bed. “Let me shower first. You go ahead and call him.” Tony eyed her as she gathered a nearly identical outfit and a towel. “I can feel your eyes, Tony. Platonic or not, you’re staring.”
Peter nearly fell out of the elevator, tripping on a shoelace and catching himself against the doors. “Sorry I’m late! I just— this stupid vest— and the iron—”
“Clint, shut up,” Tony snapped. “You’re just being difficult. Wanda?”
“Remember who you’re talking to. I am a native, after all.”
“Do you think I need your power to read you, Wanda?” he taunted. “Your actions, your posture, your energy itself tells anyone about the fear that is buried in you.”
Tony hadn’t thought she’d want to see anyone else. In that moment, Natasha didn’t look anything like the ex-KGB assassin he’d been introduced to years ago. She looked smaller, with her strength waning-- even if it was simply strength of will and mind. Her tank top had bunched around her ribs when she had sat up, and her leggings looked loose, no longer clinging to the muscle tone he knew she had. If it meant getting her somewhere, he’d invite anyone, anywhere. “I’ll call him. I’m sure that won’t be a problem. You don’t have to do this alone, Nat.”
“It’s not brunch if it’s only 6:30 in the morning,” Bruce pointed out mildly as he went back to his bowl. “Save me one for later, will you?”
“Ready for what, Mister Stark?” Peter looked genuinely confused while everyone else around him murmured consent.
Thanks as always to h34rt1lly for being my beta. This was a fun, feel-good chapter. I hope you all enjoy!
“Who wants food?” Sam declared.
Peter was bolting across the room, tugging Bruce inside and shutting the door with glee. Bruce couldn’t turn him down, giving him a small smile and looking around suspiciously.
“They were tragic, Wanda.” Natasha’s answer startled Pietro. That wasn’t the point of this, true or not.
“Oh,” the younger man flushed. “I just… I need you to try something during the spar.”
“Coffee,” she called.
“You aren’t. I don’t even know what needs to discussed. Right now, I just need some time to figure that out. Can’t you guys go get coffee or something?”
“I absolutely could not possibly, in any way shape or form, have cared less if you were hosting Odin himself in your office right now. Stop trying to change the subject and tell me what the hell you were thinking.”
“Fine. But if this blows up, literally or figuratively, I hope you know that you asked for it,” Bucky warned as he headed back to the elevator. “I need to go get ready.”
He stalked towards the elevator to a chorus of whoops from Steve and Bucky, already chattering away about models as if they weren’t from another century. Maybe they were adjusting marginally better than anyone else gave them credit for. He watched them for a moment, fingers lingering on the panel, with their heads together and a phone between them with Honda website open. Natasha caught his eye and winked, a silent exchange that told him all he needed to know.
“I don’t doubt either of them!”
Natasha can't hide forever.
“And you thought I couldn’t hear that?” Bucky gestured to his phone, confused by her line of thought. “The song.”
“You said not to toy with you, and yet you couldn’t hit me when I was practically on top of you,” Bucky commented casually as he continued to dance around her. “A pity, really. I thought you’d be a challenging opponent, Wanda.”
Sam was startled by the raw voice that answered him back just before the door opened.
Clint ran down the connecting emergency stairs, sliding to a halt as he gathered Wanda in his arms. “Are you alright?” he breathed. “I’m here.”
Tony’s eyes widened, hardly believing that suggestion could have possibly just come from America’s Golden Boy, at precisely the same moment that Bucky fell to the floor in hysterical laughter. He looked helplessly to Natasha, completely flustered by Bucky’s reaction, only to see that she had joined in on the snickering.
The question was stuck in a loop, leaving strains of red in his subconscious.
Their food arrived, leaving the table in silence for a few minutes while everyone all dug into their respective plates. “What about you, Pietro?” Clint was scraping the last dredges of grits out of his bowl. “You’re never home.”
She wanted to answer, but couldn’t bring the words to the surface. Instead, Wanda stood, pushing the glowing red mist towards Sam with her hands. Unlike what she had done to Natasha, Steve, and Thor, she was not implanting false cognitive visions into Sam’s head. This time, she was sharing her own. Sam’s hands flew to his temples as his back arched out of the chair, screaming in anguish at the intensity of emotions that had flooded into him at once. Wanda wavered, collapsing back onto the couch and dropping her hands. “I do not wish to hurt you. Only to make you see.”
“And you look so much like our mama,” Pietro said fondly, pinching her cheek. “Quit growing.”
Pietro put his head in his hands, elbows braced against the counter as he took a breath. This isn’t what she was supposed to hear. He and Clint, maybe even Natasha, were supposed to ease her into this. She was supposed to hear about the bots, not her downfalls. She wasn’t supposed to look so angry, stricken with his criticisms. He didn’t need her power to feel the pain of betrayal coming off of her in waves, clenching his heart as he searched for his next words.
“Yes,” she whispered, “I remember all of it.”
“It's fine I just--” Sam was mid disassembly now, and exasperated. “There's nothing wrong and yet my aim is off!”
“Bucky should have been right behind us,” Steve mused, raising his aviators as he studied the intersection. It didn’t take long before Bucky joined them, driving in a more civilized manner than Clint had. Natasha had called Sam and confirmed that he was, in fact, already sitting in their row on the field.
It was a trumpet skirt, embellished with what Natasha could only imagine were thousands of silver sequins, shifting even in the light as Wanda turned it over in her hands. Wanda pulled it over her legs, unconcerned about Happy or Geoff, and shimmied it over her hips to sit at her natural waist. The result was stunning— on Wanda’s short stature, the flared trumpet of the skirt pooled around her feet, making her look downright ethereal. Natasha would have never picked it up for Wanda, except for as a joke, but it worked here. “How do you like it?”
*03/16/2018: This fic will continue in the summer.
“WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON DOWN THERE?” Bucky’s voice thundered from somewhere closer to the elevator.
“I don’t do a damn thing out of obligation.” Bucky reached for her hand, his metal fingers catching the floodlights as they neared the doors. “Let’s talk.”
“And do you believe that?” Wanda asked, eyes still on the couples in the room.
“One of these days you’ll call me Tony,” Stark laughed as he kept his arm around Peter’s shoulders and guided him towards the rest of the team. “Thank you for having me. For having the whole team, actually— we’re all happy to be here.”
“He went to change, sometime between the first time you sounded like you were going to light Clint’s sleeveless shirts on fire and the time you stormed out. He said something about wanting to have a wardrobe left tomorrow, and went to his floor.”
“Then why do you think it should be any different for you?”
“I’m eighteen!” Peter protested, eyes glued to the ceiling. “But I don’t think anyone wants to see that again.”
“Well,” Bruce noted as he gave in to Tony’s gesturing and came out of the elevator, “it is the team. Seemed safe enough.” He couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow and point at Clint, now wiping whipped cream off of his nose and looking very much like a man plotting revenge. “Although I’m now left questioning that safety bit.”
Steve cocked an eyebrow, though whether it was at Bucky or Tony was unclear, and turned to walk back into his closet. With his bullshit meter already overflowing before the team had even left, there wasn’t much for Tony to do other than stand in the hall and suffer the awkward silence while Barnes smirked at him. Tony started his assessment of Bucky’s outfit, starting at his boots to avoid eye contact (which could invite a conversation about what the hell was that) before noting the dark jeans and skimming upwards to find a white t-shirt.
Pietro wrinkled his nose and stilled, looking annoyed. “Absolutely not,” he chastised, “now pay attention because we don’t have long. I’ve heard that you trained Natasha in the Red Room. What did you do when you trained her?”
Peter nodded, pulling out his own bagel. “Are we doing maintenance on the bots today?”
Bucky hopped up to the rack, rolling his eyes at the first few options handed to him. “What do I look like, Tony Stark? I’m a simple guy with refined tastes.” Peering through the section that had his name stuck to it, Bucky tugged a grey henley and a leather jacket free, following it up with dark slim-cut slacks and a pair of brown leather oxfords. “There. Simple. I don’t need to try this shit on if it’s to my measurements.”
“That’s what you get for being a busybody, Stark,” Bucky called over his shoulder.
Hope you guys enjoy and thanks for sticking with me so far!
Fishing a simple black scarf and a white hat out of her vanity drawer, Nat smoothed her bangs away from her face, surveying the damage that lack of sleep was still causing. What was worse, lack of, or too much? She wasn’t sure anymore. It didn’t stop her from going to work, patting powder here, concealer there, mascara and eyeliner to wake up her face, and lipstick to make her look closer to the Natasha in her own memory. It wasn’t much, but it would pass in the flurry of holiday madness.
Bucky wondered internally, refusing to break eye contact. She didn’t speak, only nodding in answer to his question, waving her hand to indicate that he needed to keep listening. Letting go of the thought that she had probably probed his mind, he continued to listen.
“Papa Roach, they are called,” her voice was thick, tears still spilling down her face as Bucky’s grip tightened on her hands. “The song is, ah, ‘Periscope’ as they say.”
“Yes, Wanda?”
“I think they’re not unbeatable, but I’d be concerned if they were from what I’ve heard about Ultron. Didn’t you tell me that the bots can’t predict fight patterns on their own?”
Sam didn’t bother to leave the room to change, citing too many years in the barracks and on deployments to make him shy. Jeans must have been a theme Elijah was largely building off of, with Sam sporting his own pair of dark wash to compliment a leather jacket thrown over a grey vest, white button down, and a black-and-white polka dot tie tucked under the vest. On anyone else, it might have looked like a modge-podge of styles, but Elijah insisted on a leather belt and Sam’s signature silver wrist-watch to pull it together.
“They’ll have to do.” She was tired, having spent weeks training for upwards of six hours a day before Peter and Bruce had taken the bots back for maintenance. “The coffee is good, though.”
I promise answers are coming, and I'm already working on the next chapter. For now, leave drop me a comment with any speculations on what may happen with Nat! ;)
“You know Tony’s fond of pranks!” Bruce called to Peter over Jarvis’s count.
“We can go upstate some time,” Bucky offered. “All of us could use some fresh air.”
“Did List, or Von Stucker, truly give you a choice? Or did they manipulate you into thinking you and Pietro were doing the right thing, fighting for the right team?”
“Steve?”
“Maybe it’s just the Stark extravagance rubbing off on him,” Nat snickered, wiping the corners of her eyes with the back of her hand.
“Then don’t sound so wounded,” she muttered into her pillow, not bothering to roll to look at Tony. “Look, I’m comfortable, so you can harass me from where I am or come back later.”
To say that Bucky was skeptical about this whole “personal shopper” experience was an understatement. When Steve had called him the day after Christmas, Tony hollering in the background, he had only said yes to make Tony stop yelling. Well, and maybe just a bit of curiosity as to how the hell someone else was supposed to buy him clothes without him ever leaving the tower. But it was tourist season in New York City, and everyone was avoiding the public until it died down. Something about PR, which might have made sense to someone, but left Bucky just rolling his eyes and ordering in a lot of pizza.
“I resemble that remark, Sir,” the AI quipped, “and I think I’ve been programmed to be an excellent companion.”
“I don’t think that’s necessary,” Clint objected. “Don’t rush them.”
“Jesus, you kids are going to drive me into an early grave.”
Steve ducked into the passenger’s seat and retrieved his sunglasses from the front of his shirt, not particularly keen on the possibility of paparazzi that might assault them all as they arrived. As he slid them on he thought of the motorcycle tucked away in this very garage, just waiting for its designated rider. He grew up in a different time, sure, but he could appreciate when someone deserved a reward. Peter reminded him enough of himself at that age that the youngest Avenger had wormed his way into Cap’s soft spot. Queens and Brooklyn weren’t all that different— neither were scrappy high school students who wanted to do the right things.
When Tony had loudly announced, in the middle of Christmas Eve dinner, that he wanted to have a New Year’s Eve party this year… Well, the team had mixed reactions. This left Steve with the task of playing referee, which was just an earmark of being Tony’s boyfriend, but was no less difficult.
“Then let me tell you some things-- things that she’s said in the Commons, not here in my office-- about her time there. She was young when she went with the KGB, an orphan who felt like she had no other option. When they began her training, they masqueraded it like ballet until they earned her trust.”
“Not even for Peter?” Sam snickered as he let go of Pietro’s arm to raid the bar. “Anyone else need anything?”
“What am I supposed to do?!” Wanda’s grip on her mug tightened as her eyes flashed red. Clint laid his hand over her grip, a warning to keep herself in check. “You all got to keep up,” she said with a sigh. “I am behind. I only wish to be better-- stronger, and in control.”
моей лисы-- My darling
“Are you really not going to acknowledge my kid comment?” Tony sneaked through another mouthful of food. “Either of you?”
Buckle up for feels and angst!
“10:52am, Mister Stark.”
He didn’t realize how lost he had been in his own thoughts until Tony shut off the car and tapped his knee.
“Family meetings are when there’s bad news to break,” Clint corrected as the waitress set the pop tarts in front of him. “This is a family outing.”
“No,” Sam affirmed with a chuckle, “all you have to do is support it.”
“Congratulations, Peter.”
“You know, Tony is the one who got me interested in this band,” Wanda rubbed her eyes as she spoke, streaking the remnants of her mascara. “Sam suggested, early on in our talks, that I use music to help with what I was feeling. Tony agreed with him. He has made me so many playlists, as Clint calls them. They help-- and that song, it really helped me. Especially… after our spar.”
DO NOT READ THE NEXT SET OF NOTES IF YOU ARE A PURIST WHO WANTS NO SPOILERS WHATSOEVER.
Pinching the bridge of his nose, Sam swore under his breath. Wanda had obviously already told him (or maybe Pietro had) about his proposal to have her train with Bucky. He had wanted at least another hour of peace to enjoy some coffee before this came up, but here they were, and Clint’s posture left no room for negotiating the timing of this discuss. “You know, generally speaking, it’s polite to knock on the door of a therapist’s office. I could have been in the middle of a session man—”
“You’re right,” Sam agreed, looking out the window, “but he was, if you ask him. Do you remember List recruiting you to HYDRA?”
She didn’t have time to finish her thought. The top of the box flew open, startling everyone enjoy to jump back a step as the rest of the box fell away… to reveal a large cake. With Scott Lang’s head sticking out of it.
“I’m not a child anymore!” Wanda screamed, a blaze of red energy spawning in her hand. “Quit toying with me!”
Clint groaned, crossing his arms over his chest and kicking the floor in defeat. “How is a guy supposed to have fun when his mom is telling him what to do?”
“No, they can’t. That was all programmed by our observations of your spars, and they are working within set limits that I’ve programmed,” Peter noted.
Steve caught Tony’s eye with a serious expression, leaning in until his lips almost touched Tony’s ear. “I’ve told you before— he’s going to be the best out of all of us.”
“This is why we made her bots,” Bruce commented quietly, pressing his forehead to the glass as Wanda entered the sparring room with Bucky.
“Pineapple,” Bucky called out.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Wanda sniffed, “of course he did not do such a thing.”
The opening notes drew him just as a man’s voice cut in.
“You always do,” she affirmed. “This is just another time to add to the list.”
Peter turned his head to watch Principal Hughes adjust the microphone before he continued on, leaning on the podium and looking more polished than he had at any other time in Peter’s memory. The crisp navy suit looked odd on him, then again maybe anyone who spent more time in a lab coat and safety glasses would look out of place at a formal event. He thought of his own misgivings about the blue gown he had put on this morning, and realized it wasn’t all bad— he could be in a suit under the 80 degree sun.
They all made there way to the elevator and once they stepped inside Nat gently urged him to the back.
“Hey,” Peter respondes back.
“ You were fighting with Steve not too long ago.”
“ That’s really all you got?”
Tony gave her a flirtatious smile. “ Well I’m going to tell you a little secret,” he whispered, “ Maybe I am.”
Grant was about to retort when Tony raised his hand.
Steve rolled his eyes. “ Tony, you don’t have to do anything. We’ve discussed this before. As the alpha of this relationship, it’s my responsibility to provide you pleasure, you don’t have to do anything in return. I honestly don’t mind.” He leaned down and placed a kiss on his temple before dislodging Tony’s hands and backing away to go retrieve Tony’s coat.
Winghead gave a small whine as he stretched out further over the railing in an attempt to gain Tony’s attention.  Tony turned to him and began stretching his head.
It really wasn’t that hard to get out of the Tower. It was made to keep people out not in. He had Ultron do a much needed reboot. No one had thought to update the poor thing but fortunately for Tony that meant he would be out of commission for a long while. He also grabbed some prototype gauntlets and repulsors from the land that could fit in his duffel bag. He had already packed some cash, food, a gun and other essentials in there.
Tony May not like Loki more than the next guy, but he was obviously distraught. And having him cause a scene in Central Park like some cheap drama was not a good idea either. So in the end, they had taken Loki back to the tower and Thor had taken back to his room to talk with him.
Apparently he wasn’t a plant expert. He thought the plants he got where harmless. Apparently he had got poison ivy and Tony apparently didn’t have a good reaction to it. Maybe it wasn’t a good idea to try and get wildflowers.
“ Hey Pete!”
James sniffed and glared at her.
Steve picked up a discarded cigarette and lit it. He gave it a slow drag before looking back at them.
Steve leaned down and kissed his forehead. “You’re so beautiful.”
Steve chuckled.
“ Babe it’s just safer that way.”
“ Loki, I have been busy. The Avengers have needed-“
Winghead tilted his head and made a clicking noise.
“ You called him Steve.” Tony said softly.
“ really Tony?” Steve sighed.
Peter smiled and waved at his dad when he saw him again leaning against his car. He seemed to be in a better mood when he noticed there was one less person walking beside him.
“ We should get Strange involved.” Bruce and Thor were also invited to the meeting that they were having back at Tony’s tower. “ this is his specialty. Magical creatures and the such.”
“ He worries too much. He worried that I was going to OD in college and now he worries about this.”
Steve never got to finish his sentence as Grant launched himself over the table and at Steve, turning it over in the process. Grant was punching Steve at a furious rate, having the advantage with a surprise attack. Steve, however, was able to recover relatively quickly. He threw Grant off his person and delivered a right hook before jumping on his feet.
“ Well it’s not that wasn’t expected.”
“ Fuck off.” He grumbled.
“ That’s interesting. This morning I thought you were just a rental that he was just feeling awfully clingy to since it’s been a while for him. I didn’t know he bought you. And if he actually chose you that means he you must have made an impression on him.” The read head continued.
Peter stopped at the door and smiled. He smoothed his hair and clothes one last time before he took out his spare key and inserted in the door. He felt his excitement course through his body and he placed his hand on the door knob and turned it. By the time he pushed open the door, it felt as if he were ready to combust.
Harry: there’s a gala next month according to my dad. Are you going? I think your dad is going or at least SI is. Want to hang out if you’re there? It’s so boring at these places. It would be nice to finally be able to hang out with some good company.
“ Just out of curiosity when was the last time he had sex?” It was hard to believe that this guy had it often seeing as was absolutely abhorrent.
“ Grapes?”
“ Enough of your crocodile tears,” Steve admonished
Tony doesn’t comment on that. This wasn’t his. This was a different Tony. He never went to the zoo with Nat. Bucky and Clint never planned a birthday party for him. They didn’t like him that much. They barely tolerated him.
“Wasn’t talking to you. I was talking to Dum-E and U.”
Clint smiled, “ Don’t mind if I do.”
Even though Tony and Pepper had been broken up  for quite sometime, they still enjoyed each other’s company. He would often cook for her when Rhodey was over seas as he was today. He had made them some chicken Alfredo and were currently eating outside in the terrace. It was quite beautiful especially with the night sky as a back drop.
“ So are we going to ignore the fact that we have an international assassin wanting to be hand fed right now.” Clint asked as Tony fed Bucky another chip.  They had finally managed to put clothes on him even though it was just some boxers and a white tank top.
“ Tony if you are out there, I just wanted to tell you that I love you. We all love you. Please come home. If you are in trouble you can tell use, we will help you. I know you feel out of pace here, but it really is t that bad. We all love and care about you. I love and care about you. If it is something I did that made you upset, you can tell me. I am so sorry that whatever i did made you feel that you had to runaway. Please Tony come home. I love you.” The video was minimized and the image of Christine was brought back.
Grant sighed again and sat on the bed. “ Tony,  I... we... have been a little on edge lately. It’s not your fault. It’s on us. We...” Grant groaned as if it pained him to explain.
Tony had heard to the employee garage afterward and broke into a car and had set Friday up to the navigation system.
Pepper was at the door looking flabbergasted. “ How-“
“ what happened?”
“ It’s the truth! My wife and I have a fun sex life. Role playing  and   All.”
“ Yeah all four years.”
Steve Just huffed and began to eat his own fish. Rhodey placed a plate of bacon in front of him.   Tony tried to reach for one but Steve intercepted and pushed the plate away.
“ Yeah. And then Steve would be like Captain America and would save him I guess. But originally he wanted Steve to you know pretend to...” Grant didn’t finish.
Steve growled. “ Do not talk to him that way. He helped raise you, show some respect.”
Steve sighed and took it off.
Dr. Strange sighed. “ Stark can you stop arguing for a moment so I can assess my patient please.”
Quentin chuckled before he leaned down and kissed Peter on the forehead. “ My little menace.”
“I wish you would have told me earlier you knew about them so I could have avoided being in the same room as Harry Potter,” Tony mumbled.
Bucky motioned to a girl next to the one he had previous presented and motioned her to take off her dress. “ How about this girl? She has a rack and an ass! Can you imagine mounting her? I bet you’ll have a blast. You can probably go all night on this ass. If I didn’t have Nat I totally would.”
“ Steve!” Tony cried awhile he came and Steve himself followed not to long after with a grunt.
“ But why don’t you want to sleep with me?” He asked softly.
He glared at him. “ What the fuck?! You could have put a fucking arrow into my foot! What’s the matter with you?” He yelled. Clint ignored him and notched  another arrow.
“ Again sounds stressful.” Bruce muttered.
“ What happened to the chairs?” Steve asked.
“ Thank you. See it sounds pretty bad.” Tony commented.
“ Shhh... not so loud,” Tony whispered again.
Tony didn’t want to risk food poisoning so he declined.
“ I’m close,” Steve grunted.
He looked up and saw-
“ I was drunk. “
Steve got up slowly.
Tony just shook his head. “ It’s Fine.”
Tony felt his eye twitch. He really wanted to punch this guy.
“ Sure. You can pick whatever.”
“ It seems so. He thought Natasha and Ms. Potts were um- a very unfriendly word. He wasn’t very kind in describing them. But he still wants to pursue a relationship with him.According to him, and these are his words, he is a ‘formidable bed partner and Tony will never be wanting.’”  Clint bursted out laughing as Tony looked flabbergasted.
“ something non-alcoholic.” Tony didn’t need to be losing his senses around this guy. He didn’t know him and he was still a Hydra agent.
The siren bent his head and began to lick the wounds. He gave several laps before pulling back. Tony watch in utter fascination as the skin closed and it’s normal color returned, leaving now markings behind.
Tony hollowed out his cheeks and began to suck and bob his head. Steve Let our a loud gasp and threw his head back.
“ You called him gothic Jesus.”
Tony sighed. Fuck it. He was going to use his jacuzzi. He earned it. He quickly stripped and stepped into the water.
Ultron looked at him sadly as if he hurt his feelings. As if s murderous robot who tried to kill an entire city had feelings.
“ Tony,” he began, “ These are all medications. These are used for...”
Before they went through the double doors that led to Winghead’s tank, Strange casted a spell on the both of them.
They continued to argue and didn’t notice the curious gaze of the resident mermaid.
Tony Gabe him a questioning look. “ You aren’t going to do like a rectal exam or something right? Because I would feel-ommf.” Tony was cut off by a tight hug. Strange held him close and carded a hand through his hair. “ You remind me a lot of him.” Strange inhaled deeply, smelling his hair. Tony stood stock still as Strange held him.
Rhodey just shook his head at the shenanigans.
Tony sighed and rested his head on Caps shoulder as the two started to bicker in how they were better in bed. He really could give a shit who was better. Right now he just settle for a measly hand job for his hard on.
“ What? I think it’s a funny story.”
“ Slutty,”
Tony gave him a perplexed look and thought it better not to question.
“ You don’t want these?”
That was when the alerted blared overhead. Thank god. Another mission. Tony couldn’t have been more relieved than to hear that.
“ I’m on the pill.”
“ I can show you if you want your majesty.” He said with a faux innocence.
Steve shook his head and pointed at Bucky.
Three Avengers members to be present....”
“ Tony...,” it said again, “ wake up my dear. It’s morning.”
“ Tony, Strange won’t be able to make it today. He said he’s at some conference with Christine.” Bruce said
“ Ok baby girl lets get this show on the road.”With that he started up the car and drove it out of the garage. He was just that much closer into going home.
“ How did he get here?”
Maria looked at Tony who was still smiling broadly. “ You seem to be in a good mood dear. Why is that?”
Tony stood up. He moved gingerly due to the soreness he felt. He was thankful that he was still naked besucase it would have been a chore to take off those clothes. Last night had been miserable even after the shitty sex. Steve has swollen up and was inside him for a while. Then when he softened enough Tony still had trouble squirming around to get that thing out of him. Who the hell just falls asleep after sex like that?
“ Ya done hiding?” Bucky asked.
“You want to bring that up? Huh? How about HYDRA? I’m pretty sure you did some shitty things with them. Want to go down that path? At least I do what is right and protect the innocent unlike yourself”
“ I don’t know. Maybe have him train lions or something.”
“ I don’t care what they are! I can’t believe you never told me about them.”
“ Do we really have to talk about this,” Bruce griped, “ They could just honestly want us to get better. I mean the team can always improve.”
“ Easy there. Remember who is the villain here. You can’t complain about foiled plans.”
“ Damn what the hell did you two do?” Clint asked as he walked into the kitchen to see a seething Tony sitting as far away on the kitchen table as possible from two forlorned Caps.
Tony nodded and got up to follow Steve to the elevator.
Peter nodded. Quentin straitened back up. He looked at Peter, his helmet still down and glared at him.
The knotted couple both groaned let their heads fall into the bedding as they tried to Ignore the arguments from outside their door.
Tony looked at him questioningly. He called Winghead Steve like he knew him.
Howard nodded and smiled at his wife’s antics. “ Is it Rhodey?” He asked.
“ I just want to say I know you don’t trust us.” Tony was about to speak but stopped when Rhodey raised his hand.
Harry Gave him a sad smile, “ I’m sorry too. I guess I’ll see you around.”
“ You don’t want me either?” He whimpered, “What’s wring with me? Is it because I’m a virgin and have no experience?”
Rhodey choked on the doughnut he was eating and began to cough. Tony hit his back to help clear his airway.
The doors opened and the guards looked at him in surprise.
Grant glared at Sam.
“ Innocent my ass. You just want another guy to bang.”
“ Well doesn’t he have a crush on everyone? I mean he said is was like bi- something or whatever.”
“ Oh, babe. I was so worried.”
“ What do you mean idolized?” Tony asked.
Steve smiled. “ You try to.”
Peter was already in his old Spiderman uniform with his mask off  and sitting in the bed when he walked in.
He was ignored.
“ No. Nope. Nada. This needs to be between us. Can’t have too many nosey people in my business.”
Bucky rolled his eyes and waved his hand nonchalantly “ Yeah whatever.”
“ Lovely,” Clint grumbled.
“ This chicken is a religious experience.”
“ True. But if it makes you two uncomfortable. Just tell Tony. It’s important as a couple to establish boundaries. And Tony will understand. I’ve never heard him of forcing his sex partners into doing anything.”
“The last older gentleman I was with loved it when I massaged his prostate. You should also ask Tony what he likes. Let him lead you. By his age he probably only reacts to what he’s used to. That’s the problem with these older humans. That and stamina. They can’t even go a second round at times. Can he?”
Sam is a pain in the ass. But he was also kind of cool. He loved teasing everyone, but he also seemed to genuinely care for his teammates. He also seemed to be trying to include Tony in conversations and inviting him to go workout, which Tony just gave him a huff of annoyance.
He couldn’t remember how long it has been since he has enjoyed this type of banter.
“ You have a cast Tony. How are you going to hold the bat?”
“ Babe want any more pizza?” Tony asked from the kitchen.
Steve quirked up an eyebrow.
“ Honeybear, don’t be mean. You are scaring Steve.”
“ Your grace, Let me pleasure you tonight.”
Steve whined again and pouted. “ Well we would have freaking banged if not for my dad, who by the way expects us at breakfast tomorrow: so no marks. After this afternoon I’m pretty sure he would have no qualms shooting you with his hunting rifle if he thinks we are sleeping together. What the hell did you do to piss him off like that.”
“ Do you mind if I...”
Strange took it and looked down at it. “You are on some pretty high doses. But I can see why.”
Peter wailed at that. “ He broke up with me! He cheated on me! We couldn’t hav sex because-because I was sc-cared.”
Hi, just a short chapter for today. Merry Christmas Eve. :)
“ Ok. How are you able to do that?”
Tony wanted to throttle both.  Why would he get to decide when he has sex?
“ Obviously we are bringing Bucky. So it will be more like you, me and Terminator.”
“ May I assuming correctly why you are asking for my help.”
Steve just ignored Bucky. That seemed to be the best course of action these days.
“ No shit. I had to call for a ride.”
“ What do you mean you don’t know? I’m not exactly into vouyerism. Are they at least gone?”
“ Hey buddy, it’s okay. Im not going to hurt you.” Tony held out the whole fish in front of him, his other hand up, his palm facing outward. He was crouched down and crawled forward.
“ I guess that is a no.” Nat said calmly.
Tony waited for Steve to wake up, he was sitting next to him in the medical bay. Even though Bruce said that he was unconscious for an hour, it felt like forever.  Steve opened his un swollen eye, his left one  completely shut and black. He was covered with bandages, which was already leaking a little red again. Bruce said that multiple bones were broken including six of his ribs.
Clint pouted began to eat his salad grumpily.
“ Just stick it in me and fuck me. And you shut up.” Tony snapped as Grant looked like he was about to say something. “ If something other how tight my ass is or how lucky you are to be fucking me come out of your mouth, you both will be sleeping else where tonight. I don’t care if you paid for this hotel, you will be sleeping right next to the resident stray cat outside. And Rogers you better not treat me like some piece of china. I want you to thrust in and ride me hard. Ride me like your life depends on it.”
Hi! I’m finally done. Thanks for your support and I should be finishing up my other story hopefully soon. Again thanks so much!:)
“ Yeah, everyone is going to be there.”
Steve sighed as he felt Iron man caress his sides.
“ I see you are bonding well with Winghead.”
Steve stiffened. He slowly stood up and walked out, not even looking at Grant.
Ok Ben and Jerry’s caramel ice cream. And two pints this time because god forbid those two share.
“ Yes.” They said in unison.
“ Your father is fucking crazy,” Sam explained.
“ Because we crashed into his private collection of cars that he had at the air force base.”
Tony shook his head and gave him a coy smile. It was time to turn up the charm. “ Nothing would Please me more.”
Scott sighed. “ The thing is....he was the one, Steve...”
Not fucking now. Peter put on his best fake smile as he turned around. He had avoided Harry for most of the day. It had been made easier as he had been absent for a good part of it until apparently their last class.
“ Stop acting like what Steve?” Nat seethed.”
“ Fuck! What is he a horse?!” Clint yelled out.
Tony repeated the movement again, this time coming up a little higher. He was soon riding him, moving up and down giving himself additional leverage from having his hands on Grants stomach. He felt Steve behind him holding him and placing sloppy kisses on his spine.
“ We don’t want to make the team think we are inadequate.”
Tony excitedly brought his arm closer to look down at it. It was a drawing ( mediocre by Steve’s standards, but it was hard to draw on the thing) of Captain America with his shield  running with Iron Man flying over is head as if they were both running into battle.
Howard looked back at him. “ How would you know?”
“ It’s our day Bucky. You can sleep here after we are done and have him tomorrow.”
Thanks for Reading so far. Been busy and I have been able to update as much as I like. I hope you enjoyed the chapter and I can’t wait to hear your comments:)
“ Yeah sure.”
“ But he sleeps with everyone.”
“ First off it’s a He. Not an it. And yes. I will. Just let me take a seat.”
Tony felt him grind against him. The cotton material of his sweatpants not doing anything to hide the hard on the this Steve was currently sporting. Tony put his arms around him and held onto him. This seemed to always make this Steve happy is his happy sigh was anything to go by.
Tony sighed. “Tony.”
“ But it just hasn’t been at training, they have been jerks everywhere. When I went to go ask for him to pass me the milk, he told me to, and these are his words “ go get it your freaking self.’  They have been total jerks. Something is up.” Sam said.
Peter laughed. “ It’s Fine. I’ll call.”
The Commander smiled. “ Ahh, I was wondering when I would meet you colonel. Even in my universe you were close to Tony. In my world we called him Director Stark, he was the director of SHIELD and I was in love with him.”
“ Or fuck. I think that’s more appropriate.”
Steve rolled his eyes.  “ Are we really discussing this?”
“ Did he try and give you a massage?”
Tony massaged his temples. This had been going on back and forth for what seems like hours.
Bucky yanked him up by his neck. Tony instinctively grabbed for his hand, trying to pry it loose. “ Where did this mouth come from?”
Tony grunted as Steve went through the open door of the bathroom and sat him down at the edge of the tub.
Howard glared at Tony as he took a sip of his mimosa.
Tony hummed around the cock in his mouth.
“ Ok. I guess you’re right.”
Tony looked up at him confused. He had been working on what Steve could only describe as what look like mechanical ants. They were trying to put bits of a cracker back together and seemed to be doing a pretty good job at it too.
The man held up his hands in a placating manner, “ No! Definitely not that. It’s just that he’s-“
The stones and the Superior Iron Man suit were destroyed. They could always rebuild the suit. The stones in the other hand were beyond repair. Tony was probably stuck in this universe and he hoped the maybe Tony would come to love this place as he realizes how much everyone loves him here. They didn’t love him because he was a replacement. No they love him because he was smart, sweet and a good person. He wanted him to know that.
“ Well if you had actually saved me when I needed saving we wouldn’t be in this situation.”
Steve just nodded.
“ You know the point of this is to actually hit a ball right?”
With that Harry walked away and Peter followed.
“ I’m glad you could make it Stark.”
Red Skull turned to him again. “ So you are Tony Stark.”
With that Tony opened the laptop on his desk and began to work.
“ It’s true and you do a cute little scrunch of your nose when you are thinking.”
“ My point is.... have you ever had anal sex before? I mean like on the receiving end?”
“ Well he can be happier with friends. A happy little human can do miracles in bed when they are happy.”
Rhodey said nothing as he glared at Steve.  He had no idea why he stopped by to have lunch with them.
But that wasn’t the only one who’s attention he caught. The blonde was staring at him now too. Tony gulped.
“ What? I have good reason to be pissed. He was taking advantage of you.”
Steve repositioned himself between Tony’s legs and rolled on a condom and slicked himself up. Tony held his breath as he felt Steve grab his right leg and held him open  and led his encouraged erection toward what Tony knew was his asshole.
Tony sighed. “ Well, lets bring over Harry Potter and get this over with.”
He needed to get out of here. He wanted to go back home. Fuck Strange. He probably was in on some elaborate conspiracy to keep Tony here forever. He was done with this bullshit. He was going to leave.
“ You could have blocked the internet thing on her phone.”
“ Where are you going? Wait don’t answer that. I’m going to lose my train of thought. Where was I?”
“ You try moving this thing off of you! It’s not the easiest thing in the world Legolas.”
Tony gave another hum.
He could have sworn his eyes bulged out from shock at the scene he never imagined he would have seen in a thousand years before him.  It was Steve. It definitely  was Steve. He liked so similar to his Steve physically, but the similarities ended there. This Steve was in black Calvin Klein boxers and was sitting on a couch with a mostly nude man and woman laying down on it, both looking high and groggy. In front of Steve was a glass table that he was currently snorting cocaine from.
Steve then opened his closet and pulled out a black trunk. He rummaged through it a bit before coming back with his arms full of things that Tony couldn’t discern.
As much as he wanted to, he couldn’t ignore Morgan’s knowing look.
“In our universe. They were more than that. They were teammates, friends, and Steve wanted to be lovers.”
Tony had pushed him against the wall weaved his fingers through his hair. Steve divested tony of his clothes and then turned them so Toyns back was against the wall and lifted him up. Tony gasped in surprise and he wrapped himself around Steve.
Sarah clapped her hands happily,” Ok, just lie on your stomachs and we shall get started.”
Bucky gave him a surprised look. “ I’m not asking you to.”
This was fucking ridiculous.  Tony was a grown ass man! He didn’t need someone to be literally spoon feeding him; no wonder the man was spoiled to all hell.
“ Dad stop antagonizing  him,” Tony didn’t want Steve attacking him.
“I should just kill that senator! He’s saying such mean things again.”
“ Yes?”
He smiled when he saw Tony, “ Tony. You look much better. Come sit.”
Harry chuckled.
Tony shifted and that was when they seems to realize Tony’s lack of clothing. They both blushed and looked away. Tony smirked.
“ How  what? How dare I? I dare because I hate it here! I’m not some fucking toy that you could do whatever you please with! I rather be rotting away with my friends than be here with you!” Tony spat.
“ Those accusations are unsubstantiated!”
“ You know Aunt Wanda has some weird mind reading power right? She could tell my parents and it will be a shit show.” Morgan moaned as another thrust rubbed against his prostate.
Tony looked at Loki. He hair was shoulder length and still greasy as ever. He somehow looked more like a weasel than the last time he saw him.
“ What was that?”
He just wanted to finish watching the ball game. No he can’t when that little headache named Tony comes through that door whining like that. Well it must be his punishment for trying to go back and replace the stones in their rightful places and then trying to alter the timeline. He had successfully paced every stone back where it had belonged but alerting was missing. He wanted to bring his friend back to life. He wanted to do one more good deed. That one more good deed sent him to an alternate universe with and to someone who called himself Superior Ironman. He was so much different than his Tony. He had a temper and he murdered people. But for some odd reason he listened to Steve. He said it was because he was cute but Steve thinks it’s actually because he wasn’t afraid of him a an listened to him. In the months that he has been here he had murdered less which was an improvement. But he just didn’t get the point that baseball was his “ me time.” Especially when the Dodgers were playing.
“ Good of you to show up and where were you last night?” Bucky growled.
He shrugged. “ I dunno. A while I guess.”
She shrugged nonchalantly.
“. A rival for what?” Bruce asked.
“ That’s fine.”
Steve didn’t say a word to Tony and if he did look his way, he just glared. The bastard probably thought he was the problem, Tony just wanted him to tell him so so that he can have an excuse to yell at him.
His phone went off again.
Steve gave an exasperated sigh “  Then why bring him if your not selling him? What is the point of this then? Are you trying to piss me off?”
“ I have my ways.”
Steve pulled Clint up by his ear. Clint whined. Steve turned to Tony, “ Umm... I was planning to talk to you, but I think we would have to do that later. We are having breakfasts down stairs, I can make you something.”
“ I hate that guy. He’s such an asshole,” Steve growled.
Steve cowed under Howard’s piercing glare.
“ Why are you here?”
“ Well he at least has a very nice ass.” Steve nodded breathlessly.
The merman didn’t answer and just glared at him. Tony crawled forward again as he didn’t do anything to disuade him.
“ What the hell is going on- You!” Steve woke up and saw Grant over Tony. He lagged himself at the super soldier, knocking him off the bed.
“ Yeah does that blowing off steam include a tin man in red?”
Steve delivered a stinging hit to his plump ass. Tony whined and moved backwards toward the hit.
Peter groaned and tried to cuddle further into his pillow. The voice chuckled. Peter gasped out as he get a pair of soft lips on his neck.
“ Yeah. Winghead would love to meet the guy that Tony can’t stand to even be in the same building with. He’s going to be fish food before he can say “ abra cada bra.” “ Clint added.
He quickly looked around and noticed one couple stopped a few feet from him and pointed at him. He continued to walk. Right now the stones didn’t matter. They must have gone to stone heaven or wherever it is that infinity stone went after fucking with someone. He needed to find a safe place and then he could plan his escape. Maybe Friday could help, but he needed to access the suit and right now accessing the suit in public probably was not the best idea. He hurried in his steps until he came to and intersection and looked up.
“ Whatever you say, bird brain. But In all seriousness Tony, if Steve gives you any trouble just let me know. I can have Bucky deal with him. He is nice, but he can be an asshole and clueless. He sometimes needs to be guided in the right direction.”
“ Yeah you know like teacher and sexy student or pool boy and lonely housewife. That type of thing. I guess that didn’t have it in the 40’s?”
“ I don’t mind at all. This is all yours.”
“ I wanted him to leave me alone.”
Tony rolled his eyes. He was not a fan a PDA. Well...it depends. He had some nice encounters in broom closets and the such, but he really didn’t like this overly sweet and disgusting cuddly moment. Moments like this made him want to gag. It was absolutely disgusting. Yuck!
Clint scoffed, “ That’s because it wasn’t algebra. That shit was like calculus two or something.”
“um hi,”
Strange just rolled his eyes at him as they stepped into Wingheads area.
“ You too Harry.”
Tony wordlessly nodded as best he could with the side of his face pressed against the floor. Steve leaned down to kiss him but it was wet and sloppy and Tony couldn’t care less right now with something rubbing that nice spot inside of him.
Peter growled and attempted to break out of his restraints again.
“ Like a rape,” Rhodey supplied.
Bruce scrunched his eyebrows in concern. “ Are you alright? Do I need to call Schmidt it Steve.”
“ Goodbye Tony,” Strange said.
Steve kissed his  neck, working up to his check before kissing him I. The lips again. Tony heard the cap from the lube open and its wasn’t long before he felt Steve fingers grazing his opening. Tony gave a stuttered sigh from the touch and arched his back.
“ I never thought of that, I’ll need to try it with Tony next time.”
Steve wrapped his arms around his waist as Tony grasped his hair and pulled his face down.
Tony nodded, not trusting his voice at the moment.
They thought they were stubborn? Well Tony was a whole new brand of it and was not going to take any shit from those two.
“ Australia?”
“ Shut the fuck up Barnes.” Clint growled.
Tony smiled. “ Hi.”
Tony ran for the fire place and grabbed a poker. “ Who are you and why the hell are you here?” He snapped.
“ That’s an order.”
Harry sighed and rubbed Peter’s back. Well at least he got to spend some time with his lovely crush.
Steve gulped, “ No. Nope. None at all.”
Steve looked up with him in concern.
Strange just gave him an unimpressed look.
“ Yeah. My father wanted me closer to home since he thinks I’m old enough to start leaning about the business. Before this I was in boarding school in France.”
“ “ So this is the Winter Solider. As in the one that helped defeated Hydra.”
“ I do not-“
“ You know, I was thinking...”
Tony looked at him confused. He didn’t bit him did he? He didn’t hurt him right? He didn’t want his friends to get hurt.
“ Don’t worry. I remember. “
He slowly moved his face side to side as he observed him. Tony didn’t fight. He was too tired. Too weak to fight.
Peter shook his head.
He jumped around island and yelled,” Hands up asshole.”
“ What was that buddy? Got to speak up, I’m dead remember?”Clint crooned.
“ Yes very good and he said if I were ‘ a good puppy’ he would do it again. “ Steve said as he made air quotes.
James rolled his eyes but didn’t apologize as he began to eat his breakfast. Peter sighed, James has began to become a bigger pain in the ass lately and has even started to stay out late.
“ What’s going on?” Rhodey asked.
“ So let me get this straight. You want to divorce me so you and I can go on a divorcée cruise?”
Tony walked up to him until they were almost chest to chest.
The Red Skull Just hummed before turning to Bruce.
“ Well aren’t we touchy feely this morning.”
“ I’m still surprised you can fit your fat ass in the vents,” Bucky commented.
“ Ok, so I made fried chicken, mashed potatoes, corn casserole, corn bread and sautéed green beans. . I hope everyone likes it. “ Grant said cheerily as he took his place next to
“ Team get ready and meet me at the launch pad in ten.” Everyone nodded and scattered except for Rhodey and Steve. Steve turned to Tony and grasped his hands and held them to his chest.
“ I didn’t know you could read.”
“I don’t like that name.”
All the while Maria fussed over Tony. She commented on how skinny he was and that he was probably not getting enough food. He was not that skinny. Steve has been giving regular meals.
“ Did i hit a nerve?” He asked.
“ Thanks, JARVIS” Tony pushed Clint out of the way as Nat swatted the back of Clint’s head.
Nat gave him an assessing look. “ Oh my god.” She said softly.
“ What’s going on?” He whispered, trying to keep the fear out of his voice.
Bucky pushes Rhodey away a bit more with his tail before stretching himself out, tossing his upper body on Tony’s lap.
“He goes through two cycles. The first is the
He got a nod in return.
“ Bucky,” Steve snapped, “ He needs to properly address you. His role demands it.”
“ They used to be so sweet. I remember Wanda with pig tails and ribbons in her hair; she was so sweet. And so was Pietro. Now I want to strangle them.”
“ It is but it’ll be worth it in the end. I only have one more year.”
Steve shook his head. “ Were people separated in your world based on their abilities.”
“ Dont blame me for being a bigot. You can always go back and date Sharon. I have no clue why as someone as racist as you is dating Sam. Besides she was very happy with Riley.”
“ Of course you are! That’s high level stuff. What college are you planning to go to? MIT? I know that’s your father alma mater.”
“ I want to take you out to dinner as an apology,” Steve said Tony.
Tony was so happy to have coffee that he allowed Steve to tie a cloth napkin around his neck. He wasn’t going to question, he got his coffee after all and as long Steve didn’t try anything funny, then it would be fine.
It was the first bath he had in almost three weeks and he wished he could have savored it but he was quickly scrubbed down and dressed in a blue shirt and khaki pants. They had also shaved his beard and trimmed his hair. When he looked in the mirror he gasps in horror when he saw that he looked like someone grandpa.
“ Hey lets keep the peace now,” Clint said trying to placate the two.
“ Well Fury-“
Tony felt his held being gently coaxed back the a large hand as a wet tongue licked its way up the column of his throat, and then switching to sucking, without breaking the skin when he reached his jugular. Tony wrapper his arms around the pain in the ass, encouraging him. He wanted to be extra good today so that Rhodey could perhaps get out of his jail time a little quicker. The dumb ass had struck the vampire after catching him giving him a kiss on the check. Yeah it wasn’t a good idea for a servant to hit a king. The only thing that prevented him from getting executed was Tony.
“ Not all sex is penetrative . I’m pretty sure you are familiar?”
Tony gave a convincing moan as he felt the dick slide against a bundle of nerve inside of him.
Rhodey turned back to him, a glare on his face.
Tony really wanted to roll his eyes. Of course he would ask that.
Tony lowered his head and followed, not wanting to know what awaited him.
“ Bucky...” Grant warned.
Tony placed a comforting hand on top of hers. “ I’m sorry.”
When I got out of anesthesia he was just there, curled up in a ball and sobbing. He was worried that Zemo would take me away. Apparently that was in the talks but they had stopped when he had tried to commit suicide but kinda hard to kill him since he’s a super soldier.
Maria clapped her hands excitedly and squealed. “ You hear that Howard? How long have you been seeing each other.”
“ So What is this?” Rhodey asked as he waved a finger back and forth between Tony and Steve.
I hope you like this fic and I am looking forward to your comments. Also I would appreciate if you could help me find these 2 fics. Steve gets into a fight withDr. Doom and turns out to have a mind of a toddler and wants to do nothing but hug Tony. The second fic .is Steve x Tony. But comes back into their lives. Bucky it jealous of Tony Tony thinks Steve is neglecting their relationship since he is Steve’s boyfriend. In the end, Bucky and Tony end up in bed together and Steve is happy. End game Stuckony. Can you please find me at ao3 Littlewildcat and comment on one of my stories if you find anything or need more info or can’t find anything.
Harry placed another-
“ Hey answer your father when he speaks to you,” Tony growled.
“ Peg What is his name?” She shrugged her shoulders.
Tony closed and locked the door when he and Nat were both out of the enclosure.
Tony pouted at that.
“ If we do it standing up?” He asked, his face scrunched up.
Tony looked down ashamed. He really was an asshole.
“ No uncle Clint. It was  Freshman algebra.”
“ Have you ever had a man’s cock in you before? A boy as pretty as you must be chased by all the guys. I wonder how tight that little spider ass must be.”
Tony backed himself up to a wall and grabbed a wrench from a nearby work table, holding it defensively.
Steve sighed, “ Bucky what the hell did you do.”
Breakfast was a hectic affair with a bunch of people sitting on plush cushions that surrounded a low table.
“ There are other ways were we can both participate.”
Steve pulled back a little. “ Have you ever done this before?”
“ Hit me Robin Hood and I will make sure you are never able to shoot an area again.”
“ Mr. Stark, it would be in your best interest to get your mouth shut until otherwise instructed to do so.”
Steve and Grant looked uncomfortable in their clothes, shifting nervously from foot to foot.  One of the massage therapists had led them to a private room where three tables were set up with blankets on top of them.
Tony quickly finished the rest of his bath and used the toilet before dressing and meeting Steve back on the bedroom.
Clint turned off the speakers, muttering ‘bastard’ under his breath.
“ Of course” Harry grumbled. Stark would put a tracker on his kids phone.
“ Is that all I get? I ‘hi’?” He smirked as he lowered himself over Tony.
He had been promised someone that looked like him.   He should have also added the stipulation that they would get their fucking mouth shut; he was not in the mood to hear any bitching.
Harry chuckled. “ Missed you too babe.”
“ Why you little...”
“ Well i don’t care if the other girls are wearing fucking string bikinis to school, you will not dress like a street walker. And when the hell did you start wearing thongs?” Steve was shouting at this point. Pietro was sitting next to Tony eating a bowl of cereal and ignoring him. Did they not know when to respect their guests. He wasn’t asking for like a sonnet of his greatness but a simple “ Good morning” would do.
“ What?!” Quentin tried to sit up but cringed as he felt his muscles protest.
Tony realized there were others in the room. He saw a dark skinned man in sitting across from him with the man named Bucky. On the floor were a red headed woman and the same blonde from this morning who were eating what looked to appear to be sandwiches.
“ Do you need any help or are you fine from here? I don’t mind helping you and you are probably sore from yesterday.”
Steve came back up to kiss his lips. Tony kissed back and felt steve drag him across the threshold and close the door. He was so consumed by the kiss that he didn’t notice how far they had gone into Steve’s suite until Tony felt himself tumbling on the bed.
Tony sighed as he felt Maria’s fingers stroke his hair. He loved this. He wasn’t going to lie. He loved being doted on. He loved being cared for. He just loved being loved. And not the type of lustful love. The loved the love of a mother, a father, and possibly the love of a very over the top super soldier. He missed his family, but was it too selfish to ask for this too? The stones were gone. He saw how they were basically obliterated. Maybe here wouldn’t be so bad. Maybe he could also call this place home.
“ Just used Sams. Threw it out too, I don’t want to have the image on my mind of him cleaning his teeth with a cum covered tooth brush. “
“ Tony Stark”
“ Look. I just need you to come by the facility. It will be no more than an hour. We have some equipment we would like you to look at. And Banner requested that you be consulted for this. For whatever god damn reason, he trusts your judgement. So if you want to come, I need to know now because I’m not going to beg for your ass to come over to SHIELD and I ain’t waiting for your uppity ass either.”
“ You do this every time. No I care about him and he’s staying.”
“ So there is someone”
Tony sighed and then looked at Coulson. “ What’s the plan now.”
Steve face palms himself.  “ And how is this beneficial? You’ll be scaring him. How is throwing water balloons at Sam from the vents a good idea?”
Steve groaned and placed a hand over Tony’s mouth. “ Does anyone ever tell you you talk to much?”
Tony looked up and saw Steve’s inquisitive expression.
“ Ahhh. That’s so cute. Guess you got a boyfriend Stark.” Clint mocked.
Tony eyes him curiously. Natasha eyed him to shut up before he could open his mouth.
“ I’m not allowed to make sure that my man is doing fine?”
“ What is he doing here!” Tony shouted pointing at the biggest místake in his life.
“ I’m having a party this weekend, you should come.”
Tony stares at him owlishly.
Tony looked at the long white dress that he was requested to wear and tried to figure out how it was lingerie as the box it came in had stated. It looked a lot like something is grandmother would wear.
“ Missed so much baby,” Wade groaned.
Peter just gave him a small smile.  Maybe that would...
Steve giggles and kiss Iron Man. He pulled back when he heard his phone ring. He groaned As he threw his head back. Iron Man sighed and rolled off him so Steve could grab his phone.
Bucky looked at him owlishly. “ Well in my defense I’m color blind and their car looked a lot like the bad guys.”
Again how did he end up in these messes.
“ Sounds comfy. Let’s get going.”
Steve let Tony pin him. He remembered Nat telling him before that Tony hated to be pinned on his back. It had something to do with Afghanistan. Steve didn’t want to ask too much about it; it was a forbidden subject around Tony. The horrors he faced over there were better left forgotten.
Harry shook his head. “ That’s alright. I rather hang out with you instead. You are much more fun. Besides someone promised to tutor me in chemistry.” He flashed a bright grin and Peter laughed.
The two idiots were both red in the face.  Tony rolled his eyes and and positioned himself on the table.
“ Class,” The teacher called from up front. Peter looked up and saw the boy from earlier standing next to his teacher. “ This is Harry Osborn. He is a new student here and I would like you to give him a warm welcome.”
“ I can’t fucking believe you! I knew you and Tony had some issues but I didn’t think you would Take your homophobic bullshit out on him. I have only been away from home two weeks and you broke his fucking wrist and then you hit him with a baseball!” Rhodey had been ranting at him for the past ten minutes. Steve was sure that he was less afraid when he was facing Nazis. He wanted to disappear into the chair he was in that was across from Tony. He had vehemently insisted he sit there until Rhodey gave in, which took about thirty seconds. He would have probably cower if he hadn’t been kind of peeved with a certain brunette.
They kept walking forward to where his office was.
“ Control your child, he is misbehaving again.”
“ You know I loved you right?”
Tony came and threw himself
“ Because that’s an image I want in my head,” Rhodey grumbled.
wall paper was peeling in some places on the wall while there were cracks in the plaster elsewhere. The carpeted floor was heavily stained, making it difficult to discern what color it originally was. Wade said it was a good pace to hideout, but hopefully Peter could persuade him otherwise.
The Slave-master bowed. “ Forgive me. I just wanted to let you know that I gave Coulson the medication for your new slave.”
Tony felt someone grab his chin to lift up his face. The man in front of him was absolutely beautiful. He had a crown of blonde hair and bright blue eyes. He looked more like a Disney prince than a potential buyer.
“ You son of a bitch! I’m going to fillet you for this,” Howard yelled as he brandished a butcher knife. Steve yelped and started to run.
“ He thinks he knows what is best for. I am an adult man god damn it! I was a teenager in MIT and I survived. I know how to take care of myself.” He complained.  Rhodey just handed him another doughnut when he finished his current one.
“ Sorry but I’m walking with Ned.”
Steve gave him a confident smile that belied what he was actually feeling.
Peter giggled as he made a disgusted sound as Wade tried to kiss him. Peter finally relented and kissed Wade.
Steve smirked. “ You like that ?”
“ Agreed.” Steve said roughly.
“ Can we just start? I have some lab work I need to work on,” Bruce said.
“ I think this is yours.” He motioned a piece of paper forward.
“ I’ll do it if I have to, but I would prefer not to.”
“ So good. Damn... doll, you one can be as good as you.”
Tony nuzzled his face into his chest, probably smearing his snot all over it, but he didn’t care. He just wanted to be  comforted right now.
“ It’s a Hydra base, we need all team members there..”
Tony pulled out the large erection and palmed it before kissing the tip. Steve whimpered and shifted his feet. Tony quickly swallowed him to the root.
“ Is that what you called him? “ he said in a soft and deadly
“Phil how old is he?”
“ So Howie, how’s life?” Tony asked.
Tony called himself bisexual. Steve had learned that in society it meant that he fancied both men and women. In his opinion it just meant that he was a whore. He would have been fine with Tony, but the man kept acting... strangely. Like he would flirt and he would batt his eyelashes like the Dames used to do with Bucky when they wanted to gain his affections. It was just a bit unnerving. And then he would call Steve sweetheart. It was just too much for him.
Clint made a face, “ You and Loki...”
“ I had fun last night, did you?”
Quentin chose not to comment. He also thought his dad was a bastard. The man did fire him after all.
Bucky started to laugh until he wheezed.
Steve grabbed a hold of Tony cock and jerked him off until he came. Grant came two thrusts later.
Well that was what he thought
“ So how have you been doing in Spanish?”
“ If you want something that’s cook, let me cook or I’ll order take out. Don’t try and cook by yourself. I don’t care if you are starving never touch my kitchen again.”
“ I’ll round everyone. Don’t hang up.” Tony could hear a tinge of worry in her voice.
Steve came back and deposited a plate of chocolate waffles and bacon in from of Tony and placed a similar plate next to his own. Tony guessed he was going to have the same thing. A bowl of spinach was then placed in front of Clint.
“ Where did it come from?” Harry asked gently. He didn’t want to upset Peter. Who knows how he would react. Harry didn’t know what he was dealing with here. He rather play it safe.
“ I’m guessing you enjoyed yourself?” Steve felt groggy as he tried to locate the voice. He turned his head and saw Iron Man.
“ Who are trying to sell this bullshit to? I’ve known you for how many years? You have never eaten brócoli in all of the time I have known you.”
Hi! Please leave your comments. I’m glad there were people that liked the idea. Here’s the next chapter.
“ Harry why don’t you seat next to Peter. There is an open seat at his table right there. Mr. Parker can you please raise your hand? See right there.”
Peter turned and saw Tony standing right next to him with a fake smile plastered on his face.
door and he was there with roses and when he saw her he lost his shit.
Tony scrunched up his face in confusion and looked at Steve, “ Lab?”
“ Why then?” Bruce continued.”
Both gave him a horrifying look before running out. “ And remember Jarvis will be making sure you do go there!” Tony shouted after them. Those freaking idiots.
“ So they seem to listen to you,”
When they were both back on land, He wrapped himself around Tony and held out his arm toward Bruce as if...
Steve snapped back to reality grasping Tony’s hands.
“ He said you looked right at him when you did some talk and he knew you were the one. When he was talking, it sounded like he had been following you for a while. He mentioned that he saw you in Paris, I’m guessing for your conference. And then that first time we fought him you prevented him from being crushed by that bridge.”
“ I get by,” Steve bantered.
Natasha just smiled back at him. Bucky gave her nose a soft flick before leaning down again to kiss her.
“ Guys Stop! I’m fine!” Tony went up behind Steve and tried to pull him away in vain. Grant landed a right hook in Steve. He tumbled backward and landed on Tony who cried out in pain from the extra weight on him.
“ I got it!”
“ Well I know this isn’t heaven. I’m pretty sure in heaven they have cheeseburgers.” Tony grumbled.
“ Called who?”
Steve looked away but nodded.
Tony just looked at the crumpled form on the ground.
“ Shhh... Not.. your fault. Bucky disabled system.”
Steve took of his button up shirt and settled himself on the bed next to Tony.
He heard the door open in the other room. Shit. It was game time.
Tony whined as Steve spanked him again.
Harry gave him a confused look.  “ What?”
“ Yeah... god... fuck yeah.” Steve murmured as he watch Tony in his shower. Steve knew it was a good idea to place those covert cameras in tony’s hotel. He kept jerking him to Tony lathering his body with soap. He watched as those hands trailed his body with a body sponge as he tilt his head backwards to the spray of water.
“ I like them both.”
“ So Tony do you want to fill me in?” Rhodey asked.
“ Mr. Stark, you need to take care of them. Steve is obviously the leader of this group and he seems to be neglecting them because he is too busy  trying to find you.  He waits by the door every morning and he will sometimes break out and wait in the common area were the Avengers usually hang out. He misses you Tony.”
Bruce rolled his eyes and slid his card key to open the doors with his medical bag.
“ Tony! Calm down!” Steve grunted as Tony flailed and kicked in his hold.
“ I can guarantee you I’m from a different universe.”
Bucky. Steve. Nat.
Was this supposed to turn him on? Because he was definitely still flaccid.
“ Oh god... oh fuck me.... please,” Tony whined.
“ Go fuck yourself” Tony snarled.
Tony rolled his eyes, the scavenger. Always looking for a free meal. His name should be vulture rather than Hawkeye.
“ Shh... calm down. I’m pretty sure you are overthinking. You are not going to be hurt, especially in the way you are thinking.”
I called to him and when he turned to me recognized my voice and started to laugh.
Steve just shook his head, “As I was saying vacation sheet will be available soon, same spot in the common area and you will be checked off to make sure you have completed any missing paperwork before you leave. Next on the list is a friendly reminder for annual wellness checks next month.It is mandatory and sign up will begin next week. Failure to complete the wellness check will result in suspension of your active status.”
Tony paled.
Steve leaned forward and kissed the tip of his nose. “ Now lets watch a movie, shall we?” With that Steve turned on the Tv and put something on.
Tony nodded. “ I know that. What’s your point?”
He then asked if he could take me to breakfast. Maria saved my ass when she said that she needed me actually for another mission which she had put together last minute when she heard about the Winter Solider coming into town.
The blonde made a face. “ Was That really necessary.”
“ Yeah. He saw him talking to me and you could probably guess how that went.”
He lifted Tony up before he could protest. “ Come on now, little one, you need to use the bathroom before we go. “
Steve gently pushed him back and grabbed the edge of his t shirt and pulled it up and over his head and threw it to the side.
“ Right and I’m not a prince of Asgard,” Loki said sarcastically.
Peter didn’t say anything as Harry wound an arm aliens his torso and led him away.
“ I was just concerned. I wanted to know that she can actually deal with you. And dating does not include friends with benefits.”
Clint gave a lewd catcall.“ I’m pretty sure my wife had a bra like that.”
“ Do we need to talk about them when we are hanging out honeybear? This is like the first time in two weeks that the three of us are actually able to have lunch together.” Tony whined. Pepper had invited Tony to have lunch with her and Rhodey at their favorite Italian place a few blocks from the Tower. Pepper probably sensed that he needed a break from the Tower and two residents in particular.
“ Most definitely.”
“ Peter.”
“You told them?!” Steve said scandalized.
“ God youre so beautiful so fucking perfect.” Steve whispered As he kissed along the neck in front of him.
“ Harry!” They both turned to see a girl walking up to them.
Tony used his legs to grip Steve’s waist as he brought up his arms to wrap them around steve, pulling him in close. Steve grunted and clawed are the bedding like some wild animal. Tony knee steve had to be getting close as he got more feral as his organism neared.
“Nah,” Tony muttered, “don’t mind me, Cap.”
They were both hot and flushed as the heat of the room increased, their bodies intertwined. The room spun as Tony cried out and held Steve’s head, tightening his stomach as he followed Steve, his head hitting against the floor as his back lifted.
“You have to get better first,” Steve whispered, tracing his thumb along Tony’s cheek. “Then, maybe we can ...” he trailed off, giving Tony a slight, soft grin.
Steve let him soak for a few minutes, watching carefully to make sure Tony didn’t start to drown or something, before readying the shampoo. Tony dunked his head briefly, wetting his hair at Steve’s command. Steve kneeled by the tub, tugging his sleeves to his elbows.
Tony’s eyes lit up. He placed his hand on Steve’s belly, and grinned wide when he felt the thump against his palm.
“Tony?” Steve couldn’t just pretend tonight never happened, or that he wanted to know why Tony had drunk himself into a stupor. “Why were you drinking?”
Steve closed his eyes and rested his head on the bark of the tree, focusing on his breath.
“He only kicks for the music,” Steve explained.
He approached him as he was speaking to men in expensive suits he didn’t know, or care about. Tony dismissed them as he spotted Steve walking his way.
spending a night with Tony, but rather he didn’t want to consider what happened after that. They were friends, teammates. They couldn’t have a one night stand and that be the end of it, that wasn’t how Steve did things, call him old-fashioned.
Tony’s mouth was hot against him, a heat Steve didn’t know he needed so bad until now. Steadily, he gripped Tony’s hair and thrust his hips, savouring the feeling of Tony’s tongue gliding across him. His teeth scraped the skin slightly, Steve’s hips arching in response as they moved quicker.
Steve grimaced at the strong stench of alcohol wafting from Tony. With a soft sigh, knowing he couldn’t leave his friend like this, however annoying it was, he tipped his head toward the ceiling.
“Cap,” Tony crossed his arms, careful to not knock his mug. “You don’t give me enough credit, I’m amazing at keeping things calm,” he argued.
“Tony... “
“Oh god,” Steve groaned as Tony scrambled for the remote. He turned the volume up and whipped his head back to Peter.
Tony hiccuped, jumping at the suddenness. Steve grinned fully now, laughing quietly. Tony felt his lips pull him into a smile for the first time in
Tony closed his eyes and hummed again, louder than before. Steve gently massaged the shampoo into his head, pressing his fingertips and flattening his palms. Tony leaned slightly into the touch, the water rippling around him.
“If we weren’t,” Tony said louder. Finally, his eyes opened, and they landed onto Steve’s.
Steve breathed slowly as his hand, holding the cloth, steadily rubbed Tony’s chest down, leaving a trail of bubbles. It was firm and strong, even under fabric. He trailed down Tony’s arms, focusing on his sticky hands from holding the glasses, and making sure to rub the grime and sweat from the earlier days work.
Steve watched, preparing himself for eighteen years of rock music, as Tony yelled in celebration.
Tony almost wept at the sight of him. Embarrassment, shame, and hurt filled his body and he couldn’t move. His back was stiff against the floor, sticky from the long dried spilled alcohol. His head pounded and his eyes were blurry.
Steve was thoroughly confused. He supposed this was another thing the new century did - playing music for an unborn baby. Steve rolled his eyes and closed them again, intending on sleeping and leaving his husband to his antics.
He hadn’t really considered that Tony probably didn’t take baths in his clothes. Modesty wasn’t what it used to be, especially not for Tony, but Tony was his friend, and Steve didn’t fancy seeing him naked.
When Steve got back to the tower, roughly five hours later, his body was slick with sweat, dripping down his back. His face was burning, heat radiating off his pores. He hadn’t ran that hard in a long time, and although he knew it would wear off very soon, it felt good.
After a few days in the hospital, Steve came home with Peter. Tony had, of course, already set up a play area in the living room.
Above his bed hung a string of lights, white in colour, that shone a castly shine over his room. His bed itself was stripped of his usual blankets, and was instead laid with white stain sheets and a large, red blanket that draped over the sides. Soft, plush pillows made a mountain against the edges of the corners, ready for use.
Steve looked up at him, a lazy smile etching his face. Tony grinned back, his hand running through Steve’s messy, tufted hair.
As he leaned back in his chair, cold water in his hand, the music began playing. It was a soft classical melody, perfect for a fancy holiday party.
“Damn, you’re good at this,” he said quietly, still stumbling slightly on his words. Steve stayed silent, watching Tony closely.
“You know how long it’s been since I got a massage?” Tony drawled, his words slow and deliberate. His mind was focused on Steve’s hands exploring Tony’s head.
Hi my name is Grayson and I can’t FuCkInG WrItE sMuT i’M sOrRy
Tony laid Peter down in his crib, jingling toys and cooing. Steve watched happily, grateful for everything he had. He turned the TV on, expecting the news to be rapid with the news of the birth of Steve Rogers and Tony Stark’s baby.
“The baby’s kicking,” Steve said.
, his hands roaming his chest, squeezing his ass, gently kneading the bulge in his pants. Steve whispered into Tony’s ear, begging for more, needing to be touched by Tony’s heated, ample hands that were working him so perfectly.
Steve blinked, shocked.
He feel asleep again.
It was warm where he was. Soft. It was his bed, he knew from the satin sheets. It was still night, perhaps approaching morning from the dimly lit sky. Tony rolled over, ignoring the sting in his back, and cracked open his eyes.
/////
Tonight, though, was different. Tony was staring at the phone in his hand, vibrating and casting a strong light against his sore eyes. Steve’s name was etched at the top, above a nice picture Tony had taken of him months ago. He let it ring, and watched as the phone went dark and the vibrating stopped.
“He’ll like rock,” Tony said quite matter of fact.
Tony’s throat vibrated, but no sound came out. His eyes remained closed, twitching slightly at the water’s touch. Soon, his hair was clean.
scrawled upon the outside in print, inches from his lips. The same blushed lips, slightly cracked now from just waking up, Steve couldn’t stop thinking about last night as his bed seemed to get colder and colder.
The building was quiet, no one seemed to be around. It didn’t surprise Steve: it was Saturday, which meant everyone was off doing their own thing.
“I know how empty your bed felt last night, so I thought I might as well bring my bed to you,” Tony murmured. His breath was close, hitting the back of Steve’s neck.
“Only for the music,” Steve added.
“Sit down, Steve, god you just popped a child,” Tony grumbled as Steve began cleaning the mess. He rolled his eyes and sat, passing off the baby to Tony as he relaxed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Slowly, they made their way toward Tony’s bedroom, only a few doors from the bathroom Steve had chosen. God knows how many floors, how many bathrooms, this building had.
Tony opened his eyes and looked at him.
“Nothin’.”
Steve looked at Tony, who’s eyes were still closed.
When it felt right, just warm enough to clean Tony but cold enough not to shock him, Steve paused.
Tony leaned back and nodded slowly, closing his eyes again. “Pepper couldn’t stay in love with me, either.”
Steve moaned and whimpered, moving his hips slightly to match the quick speed of Tony’s mouth, the heat making Steve’s stomach tight.
Steve paused briefly, then reached for the white cloth nearby. Dipping it in the water, he carefully leaned Tony back toward the opposite end of the tub, with no complaints from him.
“We’re teammates-“
“Very young,” Steve agreed. Tony clicked his tongue, dismissing Steve, and turned the volume louder.
“Yes,” Steve said softly. “If I really consider it, I suppose I could.”
“I know.”
“It was-“ Tony cut himself off mid-sentence, rethinking his statement. “It was funny.”
Steve quickly put his eyes down to the plate, waiting for Tony to make a remark. There was no way he hadn’t seen that, and if he hadn’t, it would be about his red neck.
Steve gently combed Tony’s hair back, slicking it against his head, before grimacing and tufting it gently so it hung over his forehead. Tony huffed, his eyes heavy, obviously exhausted.
Dipping his finger in the water, Steve realized it was becoming cold. He reached for a rinsing cup nearby, and let it fill halfway with the water. Dipping Tony’s head, he slowly ran the water over his hair, repeating again until the shampoo was gone.
And he could. Tony and him: they were an odd pair. They fought, tore at each other’s throats constantly, and couldn’t stay in the same room together for more than an hour without an argument breaking out. But on the battlefield, it was different.
Steve patted Tony’s chest, and looked at the black underwear slightly covering Tony.
“I liked you before I was drunk,” Tony whined, but he didn’t move to stop Steve from grasping for the rinsing cup and rushing water over his arms and chest.
“Oh.”
Steve made sure to make it up to him in the bedroom after the party.
“Didn’t even make it to the bed,” Tony joked, his voice husky.
Tonys chest moved steadily, the only indication he was even alive. He was still under Steve’s, or the cloths, touch.
Steve hands were chill in the warm air, that was heavy with confusion and a tight feeling in both of their chests.
Tony let out a groan as Steve took all of him and started moving his lips, twisting his head and slowly massaging his hand underneath his mouth to give Tony as much as he could.
Tony seemed to be sobering up, at least a little. Steve laughed quietly, slowing his movements and gently rubbing behind Tony’s ears.
“I do not see much difference.”
Hello all! Summer has been kind to me and allowed me to make up for my long absence. I'm back with another chapter! Thank you to h34rt1lly for being my beta in record time.
A month ago, it might have felt like a slap. Now, it was worth clinging to, and Nat gave Wanda a genuine smile in return. “You look beautiful. Ready to go?”
“Everyone ready to go?” he prompted, already counting heads to make sure no one had wandered.
“You can’t go wrong with a sniper rifle,” Bucky had offered as he flicked popcorn in the general direction of Clint’s dog, Lucky.
“That is not the point at hand,” Pietro waved off the comment and looked between the two older men. “The point is that she wants to do this. She agreed to do this, and yet you doubt her?”
“You signed up to date him,” Pete pointed out as he flopped on the floor with his back against Steve’s legs. “I think that means you have to deal with the extras.”
“She hasn’t left her room in three days, Sam. Pietro’s sleeping in the hallway outside her door. All I hear is her sobs and I just,” Natasha had to stop speaking to take a breath, wiping her eyes to ward off the tears that threatened to spill over. “Someone needs to save her, Sam, because she won’t save herself.”
“We don’t have to talk about everything, Wanda. Right now, can just tell me what’s happened since you found out about the bots?”
“Wanda’s lucky she won’t be fighting these things hand to hand,” Barnes declared as he flopped to his back. “The hell did you make these out of?”
“He checks on you because he cares, Nat,” Tony said gently as he put a hand on her blanket-encased leg. “You don’t have to let him in, but if you do, you have to at least hear him out. Barnes has been where you are.”
“I’m sorry! That isn’t what I—”
Bucky, suspended in the air, in a telekinetic choke-hold. Not moving.
“James, Miss Maximoff is in the elevator, en route to this floor,” Jarvis announced over the music.
“What happens when he gets to zero?” Wanda asked, eyes wide as she noted her brother tugging Sam to stand, and Steve drawing Tony closer.
“Ours is not a traditional institution of education. For four years, these students have gained hands on skills and catered their education plans towards their strengths in the very subjects Midtown takes its namesake from— science and technology. I have had the privilege to teach every one of these 100 students at different points in their academic careers, and an even greater privilege to work alongside them as they have sought growth and development in their research. Seeing them go is bittersweet. At some point, we all face transitions in life. Some of these young people will be transitioning to college, others to careers, and still others may have other plans. No matter where they go, this divergence is a step towards fulfilling their adult lives with chasing dreams and seizing goals. I’d like to give them a round of applause, for their dedication and endurance.”
“Those extra jalapenos don’t measure up to seven kinds of peppers, do they?” Pietro elbowed Wanda as he reached for one of the coffee pots.
“Yeah, do you want to try explaining that to those of us who aren’t scientists?” Bucky grumbled.
“I think you’re too scared to be a threat,” Bucky corrected.
“I’ll take resembling my mother as a compliment, James Buchanan Barnes,” Steve huffed as he settled on the couch, eyes lingering on the elevator door. “I’m just saying, you’d think they’d be on time. There isn’t a commute.”
“Are you joining us?” Peter asked Tony as he sat back down.
“ARE YOU INSANE!” Clint screamed. “She’s going to kill him if he keeps this up!”
“Fine. We’ll get him a motorcycle— but you and Barnes have to teach him to drive it.”
“Especially me, outside of your brother, Clint, and Natasha,” Sam affirmed. “I’m a therapist, Wanda. Not only is it my job to pay attention, it is my job to think about how things affect others— in your case, how repressing your powers and emotions might affect your psyche. Your powers are intertwined with your mind. That’s why you hurt when you feel the pain of someone else. Did you really think no one, especially me, would notice your depression after Lagos? Cut us some slack.”
“Because she loves to dance,” Wanda murmured, “she still loves to dance.”
Pietro and Sam were tucked into the couch, observing the party shenanigans with glee. One too many rounds of Heads Up, ending when Clint had the unfortunate thought to pick Classic Rock as the category (promptly being demolished by Tony), had left them begging off of games in favor of taking in the atmosphere. Clint was poking at the table, debating on if another chicken wing was really worth the inevitable indigestion, as Nat shooed him away. Although Sam had kept a cautionary eye on their interactions, as it turned out, they were just fine— awkward, but fine. Bruce was outside, taking a breather from all the noise, but leaning against the sliding door to participate in the count all the same.
Bucky closed his eyes, ready for the experience, unsure of what she would show him. “I’ll pay attention.”
“What does he mean nice— shit!” Tony had been so busy worrying about everyone else, he hadn’t had five minutes to change his own clothes. Now he was sporting an acid-washed AC/DC shirt and simple blue jeans.
“They’re made in house! With peaches! Not that crap Thor eats.”
Clint wasn’t ready to face Natasha one on one. In fact, the last thing he wanted to do was anything that was a glaring reminder of Nat, much less be with her individually right now. Everyone had been respectful of that— Tony had moved her things out of his floor one day without a word, nor a request. Clint couldn’t say thank you, but he sent a bottle of scotch, and that seemed like the same thing. Pietro and Wanda had been tip-toeing around the issue, only discussing it at length when he himself broached the subject. Now, two months later, he felt less bitter. Nat needed something that he couldn’t give, and Clint needed nothing— at least, that’s what he told himself.
“All I want is to be part of this team.” The statement came reflexively; there was no hesitation in Peter’s voice, no lingering looks of what-ifs on his face.
Bucky waved his other arm, offering her a hug. It was the least he could do right now, with the weight between them. Maybe she was right. He didn’t know what to think, let alone what to say-- what good would talking do now? “I can still hug you goodbye, can’t I?”
моей лисы-- Little Fox
“If it isn’t black or leather I’m not wearing it. Barnes doesn’t get all the fun,” Clint warned as he crossed his arms and waited for Elijah to show him an outfit. “I’ve played dress up with Tony before.”
“That’s the Stevie I remember,” Bucky breathed, attempting to speak through his laughter. “He’s more of a troublemaker than you think, Stark.”
Steve waved a hand, barely visible in the dark, and grinned. “The glitter was all me.”
Leaning in to wrap Steve in an embrace, Tony settled his head in the crook between Steve’s shoulder and neck, watching Peter talk to the twins and Clint. He didn’t know what to do with overwhelming emotions, even the positive ones. In the two years since he had approached Peter, Tony Stark had developed a slew of emotions he hadn’t felt since he and Pepper had gone their separate ways— and some he didn’t know he could feel. Watching him fight alongside the team evoked pride, sure, but it also paired with something that Stark could only define as genuine fear. He had never looked at another person and knew without a single wavering doubt that he would do anything to protect them, that he could love so fiercely, nor act so recklessly in the name of another person’s well being. Clint picked that moment, Tony wrapped comfortably around Steve and watching Peter, to look right at him. If it had been anyone else, Stark may have stiffened or looked away— instead, he met Barton’s gaze with every unspoken emotion that he was puzzling out. Steve slipped his arm around Tony’s waist in unknowing tandem to the moment Clint looked away, eyes cutting to Pietro and Wanda before nodding. The answer was as unspoken as the questions; those feelings come without warning, they aren’t fleeting, and they don’t fade.
“Steven, I will take your phone,” Tony warned as he swatted Steve on the arm. “They’ll get here when they get here! There isn’t a curfew!”
“Were what, Pietro?”
“Oh, good, my call to security about the food wasn’t ignored!” Clint announced gleefully as he eyed the tables.
“Barnes, do you even know where you’re going?” Natasha called after him.
“That wasn’t part of the deal!”
“You strike me as a classic man, Captain,” Elijah noted. “I did not want to, ah, overdo it.”
“I need you to antagonize Wanda, the way you would antagonize Natasha.”
Wanda was keeping pace with Bucky now, chasing his intricate patterns around the room with eyes blazing. “You think I am no threat?”
“Stark, you are not buying a car for an eighteen year old kid. Not if you want to see it in one piece again,” Bucky lamented, rolling his eyes. “I’ve seen the type of cars you bu—”
The children in the hospital: From a deleted scene in Civil War.
“Oh, ah… I’ll have the… Shaved Roast Beef Sandwich,” Pietro muttered uncertainly, handing back the menu. “Is it good?”
“Wanda, I--”
“You pushed me.” Her voice was barely above a whisper and he had to lean in to hear her words, their foreheads nearly touching. “I wanted to hurt something, someone, and there you were. Pushing my boundaries in ways I did not know I could hurt.”
The elevator pinged, entirely unnecessarily with Steve’s eyes glued to it in his time-oriented distress, in time for Bucky and Tony to clink glasses as a toast to the beginning of a party or disaster. Pietro and Sam stepped out first, arm in arm, with Clint trailing close behind.
“Do you think Bucky was able to just jump into being an Avenger after he lived seventy years as the Winter Soldier?” Sam coaxed, pulling his legs into the chair so he could sit cross-legged. “As if he just snapped out of Hydra’s control and joined up with us, ready to only kill the bad people?”
“Well, to answer your question,” Tony said sarcastically as he picked up a pair of black jeans off of the rack before giving the tattooed-man a thumbs up, “Elijah here will show you what he’s picked out. He has some combinations that you can take as is, or mix and match— try not to stress him out, that’s my job.”
She bit her lip, her eyes evading his fixed gaze upon her. Sam noted that she wasn’t looking at anything-- just through it, in the same way Bucky used to when they would talk about his conditioning through Hydra. “Because he is not a monster, Sam.”
“The only thing I am afraid of is killing you.”
“I do not wish to make you feel obligated,” Wanda protested.
Khrushchyovka-- Slang for a type of Russian apartment building
“Hey, Tony— nice outfit,” Pietro chirped before disappearing.
Wanda’s eyes widened with realization as she turned to get a better look in the mirror, cheeks flushed with excitement. “This!” Tugging a silver garment out of the bottom of her stack of clothing, she unfurled it for Natasha’s approval.
“They don’t always evade,” Bruce mused. “Which means your programming features have been realistic, Peter. They need to be able to take hits. You’ve made them reasonably realistic to humans— no person would be able to evade or counter every attack, even an enhanced one.”
“She went out with Natasha, Dr. Banner,” Pietro supplied as he appeared in the kitchen. “I presume they will be gone long enough for us to have a conversation.”
The title of this chapter comes from the song "Heart Shaped Wreckage" from the TV show Smash (which NBC rudely cancelled), and seemed fitting for these two.
?” Natasha asked with a snort. “Jarvis, why did you—”
“He’s going to make her angry,” Bruce murmured. “Is that really what we want?”
“Where the hell is Steve?” Tony could feel his blood pressure rising by the minute. Why did this have to be such a disaster? Probably because it could not be a day in the life Tony Stark without someone challenging him. Not that he was going to admit that to Natasha, or anyone else on the team— talk about satisfaction he wasn’t willing to give.
Wanda met Sam’s eyes, blinking in awe at his question. “No one talks about the Red Room around her.”
“What if they were in Hawaii, among pineapples?”
Not long after, the Avengers began to fill the observation deck. Clint and Nat arrived first, both looking anxious and tired. Pietro highly suspected that neither of them had slept much the night before, but that was neither here nor there. Sam, Steve, Peter, Bruce, and Tony arrived together, with Bruce bearing the brunt of the anxiety in the room.
Sam wanted to comfort him, but that wasn’t why he was here, not now. His objective was to get Wanda to open the door. If that failed, at the very least, he needed to get her to talk to him— through the door, through a phone, anything at all. Sam scooted to sit in front of Pietro and took his hand, unsure of how long he should wait before speaking again. Pietro continued to cry and tightened his grip on Sam’s fingers.
“I don’t doubt her—”
“Good luck,” Bruce said earnestly. “She needs a friend, not a lecture.”
“It would appear so,” Sam agreed as he waved her over. “Come get a drink, ladies. I bar-tended in college.”
Natasha headed for the nearest wall, eying the lighted displays suspended there with interest. “Do you know what you’re looking for, Wanda?”
Occasionally, Tony would join him. This morning was one of those, increasingly rare since he and Steve had become more serious, but Bruce was grateful for his company. “Morning, stranger,” Bruce said as the door opened. “Tired of looking at Captain America? I know you can’t be lonely.”
When he knocked on the penthouse door (the only other floor that seemed to have a vestibule similar to his own) later that day, Bucky hadn’t expected Peter to fling open the door and usher him to the couch. Steve gave a defeated shrug of his shoulders, eying Tony as he and a short man with tattoos picked through a standing rack of clothes that Bucky couldn’t discern the origin of. Settling into the couch between Steve and Clint, Bucky had a vantage point for the impromptu fashion show that was going on with Tony in the middle of the room. “What’s the deal,” Bucky mock-whispered to Steve, “with this situation?”
“Yes.”
Sam nodded, offering her his hand as he stood. “I have an office on my floor. Will that suit you?”
Natasha shrugged, putting down her coffee with a look that he couldn’t place. “I don’t know. I can go look for him, and make sure he is appropriately dress—”
“What exactly about your jacket screams casual?” Bucky drawled from the couch.
Everyone on the deck froze, watching as the lights in the room began to flicker. “JARVIS!” Tony shouted. “Wattage reading, now!”
The men turned their heads in horror to the sound of Wanda’s voice at the door. No one had heard her open it, and she was hesitating in the hall, waiting for her brother’s answer.
“We spent so many hours observing how Bucky, Steve, and Pietro’s patterns. They were never infallible. I just wanted to replicate that in the programming,” Peter murmured distractedly, watching the fruit of their labor fall as Bucky pinned one of them to the mat and disabled it before moving to the next bot.
“Do you think I’m not?”
Wanda didn’t answer, but emerged minutes later in only the body suit, looking much more in her element than she had in any of the previous outfits.
The Maximoff twins were the best kid substitute Clint was ever going to get, and if pranking the other Avengers with Pietro wasn't a reminder, nothing could be. The pair were huddled on the catwalk of the shooting range, holding their breaths for the next time Sam needed to reload his pistol. When the moment came, Clint let out a breath as Pietro disappeared, coming back up before Clint could count to two. Sam’s eyes had been on his weapon, and he fired quickly before cursing at the miscalculation in his aim. This went on three more times, a mere 3cm movement of the targets each time, before Sam began examining his Ruger for defects. Clint bit back a snort and high-fived his blonde prodigy-- not for the first time, he wished he had more memories like this with them.
Her scream of frustration in response nearly blew the speakers, but left and audible thud as Bucky fell back to the mat.
Sam opened the door to his office and let Wanda enter first, waiting for her to get settled before he sat down. The office wasn’t huge, but it was big enough for single or couple sessions— something the team needed. The walls were painted a soft blue and paired with cream molding, with one wall having the staple city-view windows of the Stark Tower. Wanda cautiously perched on the love-seat, Sam held up a finger and left the room to hold on before returning with bottles of water and orange juice. He put them on the table between them before taking the wingback chair opposite of her.
Settle in and enjoy!
Clint ran his fingers through her hair as Pietro appeared, enveloping his sister in a hug. “I knew you could do this.”
“Tomorrow morning,” Pietro supplied. “Wanda wanted to sleep, but did not want to delay.”
“Is there some rule that asexuals can’t adopt now?”
Pietro was now clad in grey jeans and a wine-colored velvet blazer, paired with a crisp stone grey button down that Elijah insisted he leave open at the collar.
Bucky’s voice hovered above her, a weight on his words that she couldn’t place. The way words carried so many meanings still threw her, threads she had to follow that twisted in knots with her own and left more questions than answers. Even in knots, she knew the answer, pulling away to nod. “I’d like that.”
“Please ask if you have any questions. We’ve taken the liberty of clearing this floor for you two for the next two hours— if this is not sufficient, come find me.” The consultant gestured to the desk in the middle of the room, complete with a nameplate reading ‘Geoff’ sitting proudly in the middle. “I’ll be at the desk.”
“Fleur Poivrée Acorelle,” Wanda answered absently, her hair loose and curled, already ruffled by the wind. “It reminded me of home.”
“It was on clearance!” Scott protested, stopping his dance as the song faded out from the speakers. “Alright, Barton. Bet fulfilled.”
“Wait!” Tony scrambled for his phone, long-tossed on the couch, and pulled up a picture of a man in a gold brocade suit jacket. Steve raised an eyebrow, puzzled as to why this was relevant, as Tony enlarged it. “This is it. This is the jacket. I must have it.”
Modest should have been an applicable descriptive word for a team party. Steve would have also accepted simple, low-key, or any related synonyms. He certainly did not expect the rapid flurry of activity that had happened in the last week, all at the bidding of one Tony Stark. Still, it was easier to just be pulled along for the ride and humor his boyfriend rather than point out that no one needed lavish clothes, food, or drinks to have a good time.
любимый-- Direct translation to "favorite," however I found usage suggesting it was more of "dearest"
Minutes later, at 7:30, Wanda and Natasha emerged from the elevator together. Clint couldn’t help but smile at the sight of them, together for the first time in months (that he knew of) and looking relaxed.
“O-oh, I should have known…” Peter muttered, looking at the grass. “Sorry, I— well, I actually forget about that most of the time. He’s just Doctor Banner to me, not anyone else.”
“Then it’s decided!” Tony had clapped with enthusiasm, raising his glass of scotch sloppily in haste to seal the deal. “To a New Year’s party we will never forget.”
Sam didn’t bother knocking and Natasha didn’t bother changing. Sitting on the couch, she pulled her knees closer to her chest, her face resting against them with Clint’s shirt bunched around her. He couldn’t miss the haunted look on her face, the one he’d seen during some of their sessions, that was the closest to fight or flight as she would ever show. Nat met his eyes and stood to follow him to Wanda’s door, taking care not to step on Pietro in the dark. Before she could lean down to nudge him awake, Sam shook his head, gesturing that he would handle it. Natasha exhaled before nodding, going to her and Clint’s room to check in on him.
Hello, readers! I want to touch on a couple of housekeeping things and they we will get into the chapter.
The school song cued in time with the clapping, and they threw their caps, an odd farewell custom to the end of four years. Retrieving the cap from the grass, Peter didn’t linger to say his goodbyes to anyone else. He headed for the seats, stopping at the bottom of the stairs and waving up to everyone, indicating they should come down to meet him.
Bad things happen when people repress their feelings.
“Lovely family photo, already sent to your phone,” Bucky confirmed as he went back to the game. “Hurry up, they want to countdown!”
“No,” Wanda laughed, “only of falling in love with New York City.”
“What?! It’s useful! Think of the stress relief of going to the shooting range.”
“He insinuated that I could only make martinis!” Sam howled from behind the bar, still armed with a can of whipped cream. “How am I supposed to let that slide?!”
Sam couldn’t catch his breath, still reeling from the emotional pain she had displayed for him. “I need you to take my advice on something.”
Nat clicked her tongue, picking through their separate piles until she pulled a cranberry, velvet bodysuit out of her own selections. Hanging it over the door, she knocked to get Wanda’s attention. “Put that on. Trust me.”
“Five minutes!” Peter whooped, pointing at the clock with glee. “We have to do a countdown, come on Tony!”
“If you think I’d go somewhere with subpar coffee, you’ve lost your mind.” Clint flung a sugar packet at Pietro and winked at Wanda. “You two are never home lately. This may have been a trap to get you to talk to me.”
Bucky’s voice, breathy and quiet, crackled over the speakers once again. “If you’re going to kill me, this was all for nothing, Wanda. The o-only thing you’ll prove…is that you’re the monster you’re afraid of becoming.”
“No, Natasha,” he seethed, “they were more than that. Wanda, they were accidents! I don’t know what it will take to make you understand that you are not a weapon. You are more than some ticking time bomb, sister, and you are capable of more than destruction. This isn’t how I wanted you to hear this, but fine, at least you’re listening to me. Dr. Banner and Peter have been developing something for you, consulting Clint and I all along the way. I know you’re scared— scared of what’s happened, scared of yourself. But you cannot live your life in fear. You will never move on if all you do is hide from something you cannot control. It will only get worse, and you will become more deadly than you have ever been. Someone will prey upon your fear, your unpredictable power, and what then? They have found a way for you to practice without ever interacting with another person. There’s no one to hurt. Please, just listen to them talk about their bots and you’ll understand what—”
The title is taken from Losing My Mind, a song written by Stephen Sondheim for the musical "Follies" and most notably sung by Liza Minnelli.
“Don’t let him hear you,” Pietro chuckled.
“No repeats of Christmas!” Steve yelled in exasperation.
“He’s being unnecessarily modest,” Bruce protested, “but that seems to be an Avengers trait, so I’ll allow it. In any case, what did you think of them?”
Steve didn’t even try to hide his smile.
“You could give him a bike,” Natasha noted from her spot on the couch, sketching the layout of the decorations.
“Welcome, parents, alumni, family, and friends of our Midtown School of Science and Technology’s graduating class of 2016.”
“Now that everyone’s here, I have one more food delivery coming,” Clint said loudly, meeting Tony’s eyes. “But it’s a dessert.”
“Pop tarts,” Clint nodded affirmatively.
“I don’t want to go out. What part of my current situation made you think that I would?” Nat snapped, pushing up on her elbows to glare at Tony. “You want me to go enjoy myself and pretend that I’m fine? Are you insane?”
“When did I say you had to pretend?” Tony was genuinely perplexed. “Natasha, I’ve been where you are, in case you’ve forgotten. Rock bottom and I are intimately acquainted. You don’t want to go out? Fine. Let me at least get you down to a retail floor with a spa. Get a massage. Get a face mask. Do something for yourself other than wallowing, for your own sake.”
“Not the kind of help you can offer him on your schedule,” Bucky snickered from behind Tony.
“I take it you found a way to get your jacket?” Steve tossed the sketch book onto the couch as he stood to stretch. “You can finish your plans later. Bed.”
Clint hopped up from his seat, tossing his plate as he went to meet the elevator. Happy was pushing in a large box on a cargo cart, causing everyone to mutter and gather to examine the size of it. “Jarvis, can we get some tunes?”
Bruce always ate his breakfast in the lab. The common floor had been increasingly busy lately, leaving him to seek solace in the one place he knew was his. Sure, he had his own floor, but it felt like a facade. Tony had quietly added a kitchen space between their two halves of the lab, likely at the prodding of Jarvis, years ago. The addition had felt like a promise-- of safety, and trust.
, Jarvis went on, increasing in volume.
Tony sighed, pulling a hand through his hair as he shook his head. “I’d love nothing more, but I think someone needs to check in on Natasha. Barnes is out, Clint wants nothing to do with her right now, and Sam is tapped. I’m up to bat.”
Once the matter of (implied) discussion had made the rounds, the planning stage went into effect. Clint and Sam had capitalized on handling the catering, of course on the Stark credit card, leaving Tony utterly clueless regarding what was being served. Natasha and Wanda overtook the decorating, somehow coaxing Bruce’s perplexed assistance, and Pietro’s chorus of opinions without any actual offers for help. This left Steve, Tony, and Bucky to sort out gifts— the one thing Tony had a specific idea about. He had let the entire team in on the fact that he his own gifting agenda, but had recruited the ‘old men’ for their collective opinions about a timeless cover gift.
And damn if he wants to hear that sound again, wants to know it’s him making Tony sound like that.
He shoots all over himself, not caring a bit about the mess, fisting himself tight until it feels too much. The phone falls from his hand as he lets himself ride out the hot wave of the orgasm, that makes his eyes go blind and fireworks explode in his mind. Panting, he lies on the bed, trembling from the aftershocks.
“I’ll take it,” Tony says, and disconnects the call.
staring are Bucky who looks incredibly uncomfortable and Wanda who is toying with an angrily sparkling ball of energy.
Once the phone powers up again, it greets him with a message notification.
“No life aff– christ, Tony,” Steve has to laugh.
”Tony,” Steve picks up, groaning, his other arm around the throat of a leader of a human trafficking ring. ”This better be imp–”
”Tony?”
, and the man he’s fighting gives him a disgusted look. Steve gives him a good old bunch in the gut. The phone slips from his hand and he dives after it, catching it just in time before it would crash into the pavement, but also flipping it closed in the process.
”Yeah,” he swallows. ”Yeah, I
”Hmm…” Tony feigns to consider. “Only if you answer my original question.”
”Oh. Are you asexual?”
Bucky quickly disappears again, looking horrified.
closer about why he hasn’t given Tony a straight answer. His palms are sweating and his cheeks must be glowing.
Nervous, self-conscious, his heart pounding like never, Steve forces himself to cut in, to give something too. To put himself out there as Tony is doing.
”Tony,” Steve sighs, resigning to the inevitable, though he can feel heat rising on his cheeks. “You’re talking to a genuine 100 year old virgin.”
having sex!” Steve growls,
“Uh,” is all he seems to be able to utter.
”Did you know people have sex
”Goodbye, Tony,” Steve says, and ends the call.
”Is that a no? You gotta give me something to work with here, Cap,” Tony insists, just as Steve and T’Challa find out that the two new thugs aren’t completely hopeless in martial arts. Quite sufficient actually, especially since Steve is fighting one handed, his left one holding up the phone.
“Is that a thing?” Steve forgets his bashfulness, blown away once again by this century's straightforward ways. “Wait! Wait, I don’t wanna hear about it.”
”You’d shut up wherever I’d put it,” Steve blurts out and it’s so cheap he regrets the words already when they leave his lips, but then he hears Tony moan into the phone, and
“Yeah, babe,” Tony replies, and
”Steve?” Tony’s voice calls from somewhere by his hip. ”
”I just told you that,” Tony says, perplexed.
”Fuck, Tony,” he gasps, tightening his grip on his cock that tiny bit more, so close now he can see stars behind his closed eyes.
”I’ll nail you?” Tony fills in. ”I guess I’ve always been an all or nothing type of a guy.”
“You sound out of breath,” Tony continues, unperturbed. “You know, answering a call during sex is considered rude. Or so I’ve been told.”
”Carnal needs–” Steve covers his eyes with his palm. ”You’re incredible.”
”Stubborn,” Tony says.
Bucky’s head peaks tentatively into the hut.
”Tell me,” he gasps, before he can even think, and Tony’s following groan at the other end of the line, goes straight into his cock.
It takes Steve’s hazy mind a moment to realize it’s an actual question.
“You– You wanna have sex with me?” Steve swallows, feeling completely short circuited by Tony’s words.
”No hang-ups,” Tony quips, because, of course he has to, but his voice is solemn and Steve knows that it’s a promise.
”Oh. My god,” Tony states at the other end of the line. ”Cap, you’re missing out.”
There’s a pause, a quiet moment between them, as if Tony is giving him a moment to think, and Steve’s throat is suddenly dry. He wants to tell Tony to stop, wants to hang up, wants to run and hide and never feel this scared again in his life. He has fought nazis and aliens and flown into his own supposed death into a frozen sea, but he has never felt as anxious as he now feels, waiting for Tony’s next words.
...” Steve says in a warning voice, which of course doesn’t help and Tony continues:
”What?” Steve asks, equally relieved and perplexed by Tony’s light words. He had been prepared for an emergency, certainly for angry bitter words, definitely not for the question:
Steve feels his face heat up. He clears his throat and sits up straighter. ”I’m in a meeting, Tony,” he mumbles into the receiver.
When he wakes up, he’s still clutching the flip phone, the battery run out. He reaches for the chord and plugs it in, making a red battery sign start to blink on the screen.
”I’d want that–” He has to stop to push himself a little. ”I’d want– want your fist on my cock.” He says, and feels the heat not only on his cheeks, but spreading all over his body. Did he just say that?
“Do it, cap, touch your cock for me,” Tony says, and Steve obeys, slipping his hard dick out of his boxers with a sigh, fisting it hard. “Tell me what you’d want,” Tony continues, “shut my big mouth up with it– or have me ride it for you?”
“You just…?” Tony prompts him, and his timid undertone makes Steve want to be honest:
”Shh, shhh, Cap. You don’t need to say anything. Just lie back and enjoy the ride.” Tony shuts him up, his voice dropping low.
,” he says again.
”You wanna touch me?” Tony asks, sounding so desperate, so honest to god
, okay.
“Really, Steve,” Tony chuckles. “I thought I couldn’t have been any more obvious, short of sending you a dick pic.”
”I’ve been dreaming about you, after you left,” Tony says, then, his voice low, sure. “The good kind of dreams – the kinds that wake you up wanting more.“
“Oh, but I think you do,” Tony teases.
”I really want to see you,” Tony replies. ”You’re such a stubborn, arrogant ass, but I really wanna see you.”
”God,
”I was telling Bucky…” Steve trails off awkwardly, as he realizes it might not be the best thing to tell if he wants Tony to keep calling him, which
”Yeah?” he whispers, almost shy, and hides his head into his pillow, cause there’s nobody there to see him do it and even for all the danger in his life he doesn’t know if he’s ever felt this vulnerable.
”Language,” Tony chuckles low, still panting, and that–
smirks back. ”Not even phone sex?” He then tries, sounding hopeful.
Tony chuckles breathless, sounding undone. ”Such a sweet talker.”
”Where are you?” Tony asks. His voice is so different, the light banter of his previous calls all gone, that Steve straightens up in his bed, alert and completely awake.
”Tony,” he grunts as hello, his voice rough with sleep.
“I thought being internationally wanted would be more exciting.” Tony sounds disappointed.
“Tony…” Steve utters again, a tiny bit desperate this time – and not completely sure in which way.
“Just a simple yes or no will do, Cap.”
”Are you okay?” Tony asks.
”Come on, tell me where you are and I’ll jump on the jet,” Tony tries. ”Could be there in 12 hours tops.”
”Yeah, I just–” He’s coming down from the rush, and suddenly feels abashed and insecure.
”Barnes is there?” Tony’s voice does grow colder, but it's not as bad as Steve feared: ”Tell him I said hi and that I still despise him.”
Steve can’t sleep that night. He tosses around, mainly ending up to stare at the ceiling. It’s not like his body really needs sleep, but he finds his brain works a lot better if he does crash at least a couple of hours per night.
”You didn’t answer my question,” Tony talks over him in his usual obnoxious manner, which he always gets away with cause he’s Tony and that’s just how everyone expects him to behave.
, Tony.”
Steve feels his cheeks grow warm, and realizes he can’t evade any more – answering nor
There has been a moment’s silence on the line as well, then: ”Huh. That’s quite an accomplishment.”
“Yeah?” Steve swallows, realizing he’d been holding his breath.
”Uh, maybe we–” Steve says into the phone, “maybe... Could you call me back another time?”
“I don’t wanna hang up.”
”No chorus girls.” Steve shakes his head.
Steve reaches for the phone, his heart pounding, dragged suddenly awake from deep sleep by shrill ringing. It has been a couple of weeks since the last time they spoke, Tony hanging up on him, and Steve had started to accept that the phone would never ring again.
”What’s wrong?” He asks.
Steve rolls his eyes – and presses call.
”Just to clarify, are you not having sex in general or just not when I called?” Tony starts the next time Steve’s phone rings.
Bucky's head peaks in once again, now frowning, probably alerted by Steve mentioning his name.
“Tony, I uh–” Steve sighs.
They continue flirting like that for some time, the playboy billionaire and the 100 year old virgin, until sleep takes over Steve and he drifts off.
!” Steve tells him, still incredulous.
“Should have called you at this hour before. You sound so sexy like that, all husky from sleep.”
“Had one just last night and I haven’t been able to concentrate all day,” Tony continues, his words making Steve clasp the phone even tighter in his hand. “You came up behind me at the Tower, pushed me against the cool window, your hot firm body pressing against my back. God you had me hard so fast, my cock trapped aching in my jeans. You held my wrists behind my back, with just one big fist, the other grabbing my hair tight. And I just thought fuck all, fuck everyone who could see us, I just wanted to touch you and grind against your cock. But you held me locked, your hot breaths against my ear, telling me to beg for it, making me tell you how I needed you.”
“Wish you could feel me, Tony,” Steve murmurs his reply, touching his cock over his boxers, somewhat blown away by how hard he is, how ready he feels to come by just a few more words from Tony. And how he doesn’t want to cause in the back of his mind he fears the reality after, the moment when the rush of lust is gone, so he speaks on. “Feel how hard I am for you. How hot all over by just thinking of you and the touch of your skin against mine. Thinking how you would push me over the edge and make me make a mess all over you.”
”I’ve been told those were all the rage in the 40s.” Tony
, how the endearment is like a jolt inside him.
Tony lets out a stifled, desperate, ”I’m gonna come.” The sound of it makes Steve speed up his own strokes as he listens to the uneven pants and moans at the other end of the line. Tony coming undone turns out to be the hottest thing Steve has ever heard.
Tony’s voice sounds hesitant as he finishes, and Steve panics he’ll stop.
. Me too. Me too, babe,” Tony groans. “Say my name again, just say my name, fuck, please.”
Tony smiled, “ What do you have in mind Capsicle?”
He sat on the twin sized mate was that also served as a couch and turned on the TV and began to drink his cup of coffee. Maybe something good was on tonight.
Steve gave him a small smile before turning to glare back at Clint, “ I will be deducting from your allowance to fix the broken vent.”
“ What? If it doesn’t stick like that then you will at least get some wrinkles. I know your expensive skin creams won’t fix-Ow!”
“ Alright JARVIS, prepare my suit.”
“ Will He be able to bring them here?” Tony asked. He wanted them out of there and he missed them already.
Tony nodded.
“ Your grace. He is far from a virgin. Prior to his capture he slept around a bit.”
“ My bambino, please forgive your father he just not used to the idea of his little bambino dating,” Maria said as she rubbed his back.
“ Hi, Harry,” Peter said cheerfully.
With that Tony quickly undid Steve’s fly and reached into his pants into his pants until he felt the large cock.
“ We have a couple more here, if you recognize them.”
Peter sighed as he threw on a hoody. After being caught with Wade, he had basically been put under house arrest. Happy had been taking Peter to school and it has been down right embarrassing. He liked Happy and all but was it really necessary for him to walk him to the doors of the school, where everyone can see? And on top of that his papa was making him do all the chores! It’s already been two weeks and it didn’t look like his punishment wasn’t going to end anytime soon. But Peter still was able to text Wade with that burner phone he bought him, but he wanted to seem him in person. He had never been separated this long from him.
Peter giggled and swatted at Quentin playfully.
Tony wanted to throttle both.  Why would he get to decide when he has sex?
“ Don’t worry the feeling is mutual, jerk.”
“ Peter... darling... what’s on my hand?”
The blonde vampire responded by nipping his neck a little harder. Tony yelped.
“ Coulson what the fuck?” Tony yelled at the hologram that JARVIS pulled up on the screen.
Bucky scrunched his eyebrows. “ Your what?”
Nat nodded. “ Yes. So a little over two years.”
“ To be tied up, not to hear you call me ‘spider ass’.”
“ That’s fine Maria. I hate when he calls me father or any variation of the term.”
Steve huffed and pulled out of Tony. Tony let out an involuntary whine.
Tony felt himself being flipped until his back hit the soft mattress. He gave a loud moan when steve readjusted and thrusted into him.
Steve sighed and leaned Down to kiss Tony again. “ I don’t want to hurt your family. That is not my intention. But I have to punish them even if it is temporarily solitary just to prevent some these behaviors from occurring.”
“ You are fucking unbelievable.” Tony picked up a bottle of scotch from the table. Steve has chased the man back to his part of the tower trying to stop him to explain.
His legs and spread them. Well at least this would be fast. He did not want to prolong this.
Tony stared at the two idiots on the floor. He really needed a drink.
“ You were being an ass first.”
“ You could have given me a heart attack you brat,” Howard seethed.
Steve began to whisper loudly and tears started to roll down his face.
Tony sighed. “ Sorry, Natasha. I didn’t mean to put you in any danger.”
Winghead was curled next to him chirping happily as well and licking his cheek.”
“ Don’t Fret doll. I don’t like seeing you sad and neither does Stevie.” Bucky kisses his cheek.
Harry: it’s not like it’s uncool or anything
He looked at Rhodey, he seemed half paying attention to what he was saying. He couldn’t valen the guy; he had been bitching for the past half hour. It was time for a different approach.
“ Ok this is painful, let me intervene. You two are such fucking idiots.” Nat said as she got in between Tony and Steve.
“ So, Steve, Grant , you don’t like Tony’s perceived flirting?”
Grant smiled and turned his attention toward Tony. Tony noticed that Grant had really beautiful eyes. And a nice smile. A very nice smile. Like he could be the cover-boy for Crest or Colgate.
Tony glared at him.
“ Anytime but please I beg you to keep the fucking kinky shit behind doors. I don’t want to see you balls deep into someone’s ass. “
Tony noticed Bucky seemed to recognize him with the way he shifted his weight and stiffened. He put the sand wich in the couch rather the plate, Tony cringed. He really didn’t want to have to clean after the mutt.
Peter just gave a soft hum.
“ You said I was going to have fun.”
She raised her gun and pointed it at Tony.
“ My good bitch... my sweet little bitch... so good.... so good for me... gonna ride ya’..... gonna ride ya’ so good...”
“ What a romantic.”
Peter pouted. “ Come on,” he whined, “ It’ll be fun. You’ll love it.”
“ Oh. Thanks. That’s my math homework. I can’t lose that.” Peter smiled at him.
“ Well since he is older in age, I was thinking that...”
Steve gave his thighs a small squeeze. “ Never been more sure in my life doll.”
“ Shit... I’m almost there Tony.” Grant growled.
Steve gave an exasperated sigh and grabbed Tony.
Tony held her close.
“ It’s because Hydra obviously wants him. We need to find out why and make sure it’s safe first to release him.” Nat explained.
Steve nodded and gave Tony’s hands and quick squeeze before letting them go and taking off.
Nat glared at Bucky.
Sam moaned as he took a bite of the chicken,“ This is fucking amazing. I don’t want to eat take out again.”
Tony loved Steve. He would give his life for the man, not that the other man knew about his feelings or even cared. But regardless he was helplessly and irrevocably in love with him. Enough to the point that he was willing to do anything for him. Even if that meant finding and presenting him with his long lost mate, one James Barnes, the first love of his life and soulmate. Even though he has been dating Tony for about a year now, Tony knows he still misses James. Which is how Tony currently found himself.
Steve still didn’t look up.
Tony did also notice that Howard really did not like Steve as he somehow added into their conversation how he was a underachieving man that took no pleasure in life. And how much of a “tool” he was compared to Rhodey. Tony could only smile as he felt his father trying to look after his best interest in a very strange way.
Steve motioned Tony to stand and dressed him in his coat as if he were a small child. He stood back to admire his work once he was finished buttoning him up. “ Why don’t you just look adorable! I knew that color would look good on you!” Steve cooed.
“ See Stevie! They are trying to ambush you!”
Tony wanted to gulp. He has heard of these type of people. People who buy other people to torture and kill for pleasure. Is this what he was for? Did this sick depraved bastard by him just to kill him? The leaned in again to kiss him when the door opened and heavy footsteps entered.
“ Please....please...” Tony did not know what he was begging for when Steve began to fondle with his balls, pulling a bit at his right way, causing him to curl in on himself in pleasure.
“Oh? Which friend?” His father questioned.
“ I was trying to come up with a nice pick up line, but I can’t think of one.”
“ Well if the sake of our people is going to depend on how I can please my future dog of a husband I think he might like to see the ass he is about to mount.”
“ Yuck. Don’t say that like the only reason you want to screw me is because I remind you of my dad.”
Tony wanted to face palm himself. Leave it to Howard to Howard to think everything could be solved with Money.
“ Stark, stop fucking around  and get out do there.” He heard Clint say over the comms.
“ Ahhh. I forgot about that. Portia was a lovely girl.”
Morgan smiled up at him. He thinks he is in love. They’ve been seeing each other for about six months and his infatuation for him is still strong. He just hopes that when he tells him he is actually in high school and not a college student that he won’t get mad with him.
Steve shook his head. He was indeed a funny little man. Steve eases a hand into his pants and grabbed his cock, stroking it a little. He wanted to make sure it is up when he gets in there.  At the beginning, not long after Steve arrived, Tony wanted to get sexual. Steve has never been with a man before and he was really attracted to men. He was also very stressed and  tired. He was flirting and batting his long eyelashes at him. He then kissed him, and Steve went along because by them he had already seen this Tony was capable of. How dangerous he could be. So he kissed him back.  But when he get for his erection and didn’t fre his interest, he looked crushed. His eyes watered and he had began to cry. It then began a total shit show after that. And then the Hydra agent walked in.  Tony began yelling and screaming and threatened to kill him. He did not want to repeat that catastrophe again.
“Ignore him. He’s an idiot.” Natasha said.
Tony kept walking, occasionally dragging his hands lightly over the furniture, and the walls, as if he were trying to convince himself that all of this was real. He didn’t notice where he was going until he walked into his home office. He saw a number of degrees on the walls alongside a number of photographs. He didn’t have that in his office. He walked to his desk and picked up a random frame from the many that were neatly lined on the desk. It was a picture of him and Steve. It must have been a Halloween party because the other Tony was dressed up as the Tinman was the Wizard of Oz while Steve was wearing a cardigan, a button up and a tie. Tony huffed our a laugh. Of course he would dress as Mr. Rogers. They were both smiling at the camera with Steve wrapping an arm tightly around the other Tony’s midsection. Steve looked so happy. He must have really loved him. Tony placed the photo down and picked up another one. He laughed at the sight.
“ What is it honey?”
Bucky sighed and got up from his spot on the quinjet to sit next to Steve.
“ So, my bambino, when will we meet him? I can arrange a little dinner somewhere nice. We can go to that French restaurant you like.”
“ uh, yes you are and I’m including you Steve because you were standing by letting Bucky get pummeled!”
Winghead blew raspberries at him and dived under the water. Coming up again in a different part of the oversized jacuzzi bath. He had reverted back to his merman form and seemed very comfortable to do so.
Bucky huffed. “ Yes I know you don’t like to be disturbed when you’re in the middle of a fucking session with your little pet.”
“ Not telling you. I don’t need you snooping around in my affairs.”
“ Bambino! You’re so thin! Why haven’t you been eating? I’ve seen skeletons with more meat than you.” Maria cooed as she looked Tony over.
Steve smiled.
“ Well that did not last long,” Bucky grumbled.
“ Then get on the bed. I didn’t bring you here to talk. I’m literally paying you to spread  your legs and shut the hell up.” Steve growled.
“ Are you shitting me?” Steve growled.
Steve smirked, “ But us Brooklyn boys still knew how to have a good time.” The Brooklyn drawl that Steve suddenly talked In further surprised him.  The man in front of him could be such a player if he set his mind to it. He would have all the women hanging of every word he said. Or men.
Tony panted harder as he get himself get rocked in and down on the bed.
The door opened and he saw Steve in the middle of the room shirtless. The super soldier turned around at the noise of the door opening and yelped in surprise. He hurried and covered his chest with a shirt that was lying on his bed.
“ We are reaching the border and there seems to be an increase of security. I advise you make a right and head to the state park. You can walk across the border from there.”
“ I think I shall ask our guest of honor, Mr. Tony Stark,”. He said and looked for his approval.
“ Well you don’t seem the most friendly.”
Sorry about the wait. I’ve been busy with work and school. I wanted to make a longer chapter, but I didn’t want to delay any longer than I have for updating. I hope you all like it.
“ Sounds nice,” Peter interjected nonchalantly.
Steve smiled as he watch Tony sashay into the bathroom with the lingerie.
Tony opens his bag and saw the stones. It was now or never.
Howard broke away from Rhodey and stomped to the broken window. “ And you better not come back tonight you bastard!” Howard yelled after the fleeing man.
Tony snorted. “ Peter he is taking advantage of you.”
“ You have Ultron send me a next to meet you at a park?” Strange asked with a raised eyebrow as he stared at Tony. So yeah, it may seem weird to be in a blue trench coat with thick sunglasses and a hat, but he was trying to conceal his identity and he really didn’t have a lot of options.
Steve gave him a confused look. “ Well you should have clarified that. Tony rolled his eyes.
“ That’s a very particular scenario.”
“ You try putting him in clothes and as for the legs didn’t you guys know? How was he stealing shit.”
“ Good if you don’t get your dick in me...”
After more arguing and jabs Tony was forced down in his stomach by Steve’s weight.
Everyone in the room groaned and Bucky threw a cheese puff at Clint.
