“Oh? Don’t you… do that quite often?”
Which is in itself a troubling thought on so many levels, not least because it's a thought that John’s had far too often. He'd thought it might pass when he and Mary got married and everything settled down into a new normal. But it hasn’t, and John is frankly sick and tired of this constant doubt and guilt and uncertainty. It’s wearing him down. He can feel it.
John lets his gaze wander from the wine list to Sherlock’s face, noticing for what seems like the umpteenth time lately that he is looking tired and pale. Not in a very noticeable way, Sherlock does look superficially alright. But one doesn’t have to be the world’s only consulting detective to notice the dark circles underneath the slightly red rimmed eyes. It suffices to be a doctor knowing the patient well. Sherlock clearly doesn’t sleep enough at the moment, but that’s nothing new. John can verify from personal experience that Sherlock’s sleep cycle is highly disturbed at best. He has a habit of staying awake around the clock while on a case and then burn out completely and recuperate for days on end after wrapping it up. Somehow, through the years, his body seems to have learned how to cope with that. The only problem is that, as far as John is aware, Sherlock is between cases at the moment. And yet he’s been looking less than his best for weeks. To John’s great relief, his hair and clothes are as immaculate as ever, demonstrating that he is still making an effort and thus not under the influence of anything other than sleep deprivation and boredom. To John’s great discomfort, he seems utterly indifferent to the prospect of finding a new case, devoting himself entirely to the wedding preparations. John really ought to check up on him.
She seems to need to gather momentum for her next question. A sign of emotion, perhaps, but not what he’s used to seeing from Mary’s side. She isn’t usually detached in this way, she isn’t like Sherlock can sometimes be. She’s warm, she’s present, she expresses her feelings on her face and in her voice without being overly melodramatic. Now there’s just a strange, almost clinical coldness, present on her face as much as in her voice.
But he can’t stop now, can he? Having listed all of Sherlock’s social shortcomings and acknowledged how easy it would be to misinterpret them as evidence for malice, he can’t really leave it at that. And it’s not that he doesn’t want Mary to know or believe that she wouldn’t understand him. On the contrary, Mary might be one of the few people who would actually be able to take John’s explanation at face value. It’s just… too close. As though he needs to be careful or he might say too much and reveal parts of himself that he’d rather want hidden away and forgotten about. Especially now with Sherlock waking up just a couple of floors above them.
“That’s cheating. I wasn’t paying attention then.”
As though everything around him is just window-dressing, a reality pulled down in front of his eyes, his ears, his nose, his tongue, his skin. And here he is, right in the middle of it, and the door is locked and the windows won’t open and no one will hear him shouting. He can’t get out.
He traps his lower lip between his teeth then and it’s so unexpectedly beautiful.
“Cake. Karaoke.
“Hey. How’s it going?”
Moriarty’s eyes contract and his whole posture shifts from playful to dangerous in the blink of an eye. His voice changes too, from round and childish to a softness hiding an edge of steel. “Talk then,” he concedes. But he doesn’t pull back. He remains on Sherlock’s armrest, wrapped around his frame. Coiled like a serpent.
to think, that I’m not even sure I know what I
It’s the first time he has been back. Not once in the two gruelling years since the funeral has he dared take one step beyond the cemetery gate. Several times, he’s been close to going and then changed his mind at the last minute. With the field day the papers were having in the months following that day at Bart’s, who knows what some stupidly ignorant nobody might do to the tombstone? And with the way Sherlock was, not very many would come to lay flowers there. John wishes he could have gone before. The thought of Sherlock’s tombstone standing there, isolated, untended and in disgrace, is more than John can take. And still he didn’t go before now. He hasn’t been to Baker Street either. In fact he’s gone out of his way to avoid the place. He knows, objectively, that he should pay a visit. It’s long overdue. Not only have all his therapists advised him that he must face what happened before he can get on with his life. There’s also Mrs. Hudson to consider. Not one phone call has he made to her since the funeral. She called a couple of times in the beginning, but he wasn’t very talkative and she stopped eventually. Now it’s up to him to make the next move. He just can’t bring himself to do it, no matter how much he hates himself for letting her down. The day of Sherlock’s fall, he spent the night at Baker Street because he had nowhere else to go, but that was the first and last night he ever slept in Baker Street without Sherlock. Not that he did much sleeping. The feeling of sitting there in the chair that used to be so familiar to him, knowing that Sherlock would never return to occupy the chair opposite… That had nearly broken him.
It’s only after the visit from Mycroft that Jim tells him it’s time.
“But you’ve cheated on me?”
Three hours later and Sherlock finds himself sitting by the Thames, on a public bench right by Hungerford Bridge on the south bank. Jubilee Gardens are just behind him and Moriarty is right beside him. He’s pointing at one person after another moving across the vista in front of them, deducing away at them in the most rapid-fire way imaginable and encouraging Sherlock to do the same. It’s slightly cloudy and the wind is playing with his curls and with his coat, but Sherlock hasn’t felt this warm in ages. A weight seems to be lifting off his shoulders, leaving him feeling light and elated. It’s as if a bit of himself is returning. Slowly but surely, one by one, Moriarty finds the bits and pieces of Sherlock’s former abilities floating around in his head, pulls on them and reactivates them, brings them forward.
“When are you coming home?”
Sherlock isn’t looking at him anymore. He’s looking down, at the sofa table, at the floor, at his own socks on his feet pulled up underneath his body. There’s a hopeless reverence in his gaze, reminding John of some of the people he’s seen in church as a child. A sinner asking for forgiveness, hoping beyond hope despite not feeling as though he really deserves it.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
And just like that, Sherlock makes a conscious decision to fix himself and a conscious decision to trust Moriarty to help him do so.
“What do you owe him, Sherlock? If you have to be honest with me, what has he ever given you? Hm? Happiness, perhaps? Are you happy as you lie curled up on a sofa in your quiet, empty flat, high as a kite for the second time in as many days, all because you can’t forget about John Watson for as much as a second? Are you happier now than you were when you were beating up a corpse at Bart’s morgue, not even knowing that John Watson existed? Or is it something else that he has given you? Recognition? Yes, that’s more it, isn’t it? How many times hasn’t he said you were brilliant? Amazing? Incredible? That’s a lot of times, you know it is.”
“I don’t need help," Sherlock finally replies, his voice wavering somewhere in the zone between honestly insecure and falsely self-assured. "I have it under control.”
But now is clearly not the time to do it.
. Their kiss is still relatively chaste and could even be considered tame, at least in comparison to the kisses Sherlock can conjure up from his admittedly limited experience, mostly based on porn and Google searches. And yet the way John kisses him manages to be both so tender that it nearly causes Sherlock’s heart to break through his ribs and so erotic as to make his skin flare up and come alive.
Still, even acknowledging that Sherlock is the best and the wisest man that John has ever known merely scratches the surface and John isn’t sure how well Sherlock would respond to the rest of it. Hell, he isn’t even sure how well he would respond to the rest of it.
“If your dreams are as vivid as your real life, how do you know which one of them is real? And how can you tell that you’ve got it right?”
This is chapter/part four, based on the prompt "Sentiment"! Once again, thank you to missdaviswrites on Tumblr for the challenge and the prompts!
missed her, and now here Sherlock goes, helping him because he knows that John is uncomfortable with this, because he realises that this is a difficult situation for John to be in, because he understands John in a way no one else ever has.
His immediate gut reaction is that Sherlock has just cost him his marriage. He’d promised him, promised them both, that he’d always be there for them. He’d sworn an oath at their wedding. John’s first thought is to think that Sherlock has thoroughly and irreparably broken that promise. But then Sherlock never promised to keep them together. What he had promised was to always be there for them. And perhaps, by pointing out John’s reluctance to comply with Mary’s request and Mary’s reluctance to comply with his, that’s what he’s doing. He’s being there for them by not letting them make mistakes.
This is not the way it was supposed to be. It was supposed to feel final in regard to his emotional investment and anything but final in regard to the relationship between John and himself. Instead it feels like the opposite, as though their relationship is ending while Sherlock’s emotional investment in that relationship is spiralling ever higher and madly out of control. It was supposed to be difficult but bearable. But only one of those adjectives seems to fit now that he’s in it.
“I’ms… I’m so… so sorry… so sorry, John…”
He keeps returning to the image of Sherlock lying in his armchair, pale and dejected. Almost sort of hollow in a deeply unsettling way. Completely disinterested. Until John had started shouting, anyway, which he also feels bad about. This is not Sherlock’s fault. An addiction is difficult to break and living alone just makes it all the harder. John knows this. If it had been anyone else, he would simply have shaken his head sadly and conceded that a relapse, bad though it may be, is not the end of the world. He really shouldn’t have shouted at Sherlock. He just hadn’t been able to help himself, which sadly seems to be a common occurrence these days. It’s not just Sherlock’s nerves that have been more than a little tattered as of late. John seems to snap at everyone at the moment, much to Mary’s annoyance. And much to his own annoyance, really. It seems pointless and ungrateful to be frustrated still. Everything ought to be so good now. Sherlock is back, and they’re good together. Mary is his wife, and they’re good together too. Sherlock even seems to like Mary and vice versa, which is more than John dared to hope for before he introduced them. The stress, hurt and guilt of the last two and a half years ought to be lifting. It just isn’t.
and meant is a far cry from who John is now. And John isn’t sure he likes that revelation one bit.
Sherlock’s parents turn up that evening, which seems to take Sherlock by as much surprise as it does John. When he asks them how they could get here so fast, the reply, delivered matter-of-factly, is that they’ve been staying in London all along while Sherlock’s been in hospital. There’s a vague undertone in Mrs. Holmes’ voice when she answers him that John recognises only too well as the classic Holmesian disdain for those unfortunate enough to be judged of lesser intelligence, but it melts away within a second and, frankly, John has learned not to take too much offense when the Holmes family traits of high intelligence and higher disdain rear their heads.
Sherlock almost recoils. Moriarty’s hand against his skin is an alien feeling, causing every alarm bell to sound in Sherlock’s head. His instinct is to pull back. Yet the touch is far from unpleasant. It’s soft and warm and inviting. Perhaps more than anything, it’s sorely needed. And Sherlock stays, transfixed by Moriarty’s eyes as much as by his touch.
Sherlock doesn’t start from the beginning. He isn’t even quite sure where the beginning really is. There’s no cohesion, no narrative, no journey from A to B. It comes out stuttering and disorganised, more brief flashes of memories than a proper recount of his experiences. Telling John about the Mind Palace in broad strokes had been one thing. It had been difficult, but it had been manageable, and it had helped to talk about it, to be understood. He had been worried about how John would react to the implication that Sherlock might have inadvertently started the whole ordeal, but he had been able to deal with that. This is something else entirely.
A long silence. Then Sherlock meets his gaze hesitantly, almost shyly. "One can do drugs without ending up on the floor. You do know that, don’t you, doctor?” And he smiles.
Now that Mary is sitting beside him, throwing the intensity of his grief over a friend into stark relief against the intensity of his feelings for his wife, it no longer feels just right. It’s as though the fiction they’ve all been struggling to maintain over the past months – the insistent narrative that “we’re a couple and he is our friend” – just does not hold up under the closer scrutiny it's now being placed under in the harsh light of recent events. Perhaps it’s the final straw in a revelation that’s been a long time coming. Perhaps it’s just that John is back, back on the pavement outside Bart’s, and now it’s the second time he’s said too little too late and allowed Sherlock to slip through his fingers. Who’s to say if he’ll be given a third chance?
So... yes. Probably the most cryptic chapter so far. I hope I haven't thoroughly alienated my audience and that it's at least somewhat understandable what Sherlock is allowing Moriarty to do to him (or, rather, what he's doing to himself using the voice of Moriarty). Of course, if you've watched and remember The Final Problem, you might recognise the song and know its meaning. In which case, you know what Sherlock is actually trying to tell Mycroft here. I didn't use "the funny gravestones" as the key because it was just too complicated and nonsensical to introduce to this story, but maybe if you take note of those elements Sherlock mentions and have a wee look at the periodic table, well then... hint hint nudge nudge.
And what about Sherlock? He probably wouldn’t understand. Even if he would, Sherlock has always made it clear that he doesn’t do things like that. Relationships. Emotions. John knows there are some exceptions, himself and Mrs. Hudson being the primary examples, but romantic entanglements have never been something that Sherlock has shown the slightest bit of interest in. On the contrary. The very first night they were out together at Angelo’s, John had inelegantly broached the subject, drunk as he was on excitement and overeager to become familiar with Sherlock, who had already then impressed him as just about the most exotic and fascinating creature imaginable. Sherlock had very pointedly turned him down and explained that he considered himself married to his work, a statement that Sherlock has not only continued to live by, but also reiterated on multiple occasions. Even if Sherlock would be able to understand John’s interest, he wouldn’t be interested in any form of reciprocation, and the relaxed ease with which they interact, the ease that John treasures more than anything else, would turn stiff and awkward.
Mary has been an absolute godsend all the way through this. John will be the first to admit that he hasn’t been particularly gracious, not to anyone, and she's just taken it all in her stride. She's let John stay at the hospital as he asked her to and hasn’t even brought up sleeping at home since that first evening. She stops by every day after work with fresh clothes for John and a few pastries from the bakery for them to share. Then she sits with him for at least a couple of hours, occasionally talking of this and that at work or at home, or listening with patience to whatever John needs to get off his chest. And then she smiles a bit, kisses his cheek and goes home. All of it without as much as one hint that he should come with her or one comment on how incredibly pointless John’s stubborn determination to stay here really is. Maybe she knows it’s as obvious to him as it is to her. Maybe she just respects his decision. She’s been everything he could have wanted from her in this situation and more.
His voice is barely a whisper.
now and simply take her questions at face value. She’s his wife and Sherlock’s friend, she’s been worried about both of them and that’s all there is to it.
“Miss me?”
He wants to please Jim, of course he does, it’s all he wants to do, really. Or so he’d thought. Anything to keep Jim here just a moment longer, to keep him interested and attentive and loving.
He feels himself swallow nervously. “What couldn’t you do?”
“I know.”
wait for John to say things Sherlock knew he’d never say.
Sherlock seems to notice too and the helpless
Hesitates a moment.
Rosie is looking at him expectantly, waiting patiently as so often before for Sherlock to ask her a question that makes any sense to her.
Mycroft doesn’t say another word and John doesn’t feel the need to make conversation, so they end up sitting in a relatively comfortable silence until John receives a text from Mary a few minutes later, informing him that she’s waiting outside. He gets up from his chair, throwing a glance in Mycroft’s direction and a quick “It’s Mary” by way of explanation. Just a habit, Mycroft never needs telling when it comes to such matters. John may have just prided himself on knowing the Holmes boys and their bag of tricks better than most people, but he's somewhat out of practice when it comes to dealing with Holmes the older.
Sherlock looks at him sternly. There’s a blazing intensity to his eyes that was not there a moment ago.
Mycroft is staring at his brother and Sherlock is staring right back, but he’s not just looking.
“Not at the moment. I received a couple of inquiries last week, but I ended up deleting them seeing as I didn’t know when I would have the time to look into it properly. You know how a problem can absorb me, I have to finish what I start. And I couldn’t do that right now with you and Mary and the wedding.” Sherlock says this as though it’s the most natural thing in the world. But it’s not. It’s very far from natural, especially Sherlock’s natural, and John isn’t sure how to interpret this new information, whether he should feel flattered by Sherlock’s obvious dedication or worried by just how much this whole wedding arrangement seems to govern Sherlock at the moment. Whether Mary is right or not, this wedding is clearly an important event for Sherlock and too much so if it’s stopping him from going on cases. That has got to stop, John can’t stand for that. Being best man doesn’t equal putting your whole life on standby until the wedding just so you can be available for wedding planning twenty-four seven. For Christ’s sake. How utterly typical of Sherlock to overdo it. And yet how utterly beside himself Sherlock must be if he’s putting off cases to prepare for a social,
… Yeah, putting it like that, the embarrassment is probably more acute than the amusement.
Sherlock is shivering. His fingers shake when he holds them up in front of his eyes. Why does he shake? Is he cold? Is it cold in here? It feels cold, yet the thermostat seems to indicate otherwise. Why isn’t John here yet? How much longer is Sherlock expected to wait? If John had just indicated a specific time… Christ, his hands feel cold. But then, so too does his arms, his face, even his neck when he puts his hands against it. Maybe he isn’t actually cold after all. He can’t tell anymore. Pathetic.
There really is no point in sharing his thoughts, other than to rock an otherwise perfectly steady boat. But at least John isn’t going to stand by and watch as Sherlock sinks back down in substance abuse, not asking for any help out of some absurd notion that John would be too busy with his new wife to care. If he can do nothing else, say nothing else, be nothing else, then he can continue to be Sherlock’s friend the way he obviously needs. And, as the clock moves forward towards four in the morning, John vows to himself to make his intention to do just that abundantly clear to Sherlock as soon as possible. It’s with that decision made that John is finally, blissfully, able to catch just a couple of hours’ sleep.
“I hope you don’t think I put words into your mouth…”
He looks around, singling out the faces he knows from among the guests.
A part of his brain is telling him that he might want to get those halfway violent impulses examined at some point, but most of him is too consumed by them to think critically at all. It’s just too easy to transfer the mess that is his shame and guilt and heartbreak and worry and God knows what else into anger.
It should be so easy.
And so he is left with hearing as the sense to focus on. The choked clang of metal against skin is over for the moment, but there are so many other sounds to focus on. Drops of water from the ceiling hitting metal and concrete on the floor below, military boots marching by outside his cell, conversations in Serbian carried in other rooms, music from a radio, laughter, a helicopter above the facility where he is kept. His own ragged breath. The soft clinking of the chains every time he shifts.
expression has entered his eyes. “But I want to help. You named me best man,” he argues in a slightly petulant tone of voice that clearly signals a tantrum coming on. He’s obviously feeling both rejected and underappreciated, neither of which was John’s intention.
He seems to take a moment to think, to make a decision. Then, slowly and uncharacteristically insecurely, with stutters and long pauses, Sherlock seems to let out what he’s been keeping locked up since the hospital.
Sherlock still doesn’t talk much though. At first, John had thought that he was just exhausted after his prolonged unconsciousness or that he was simply taking his time getting his vocabulary back in order. The doctors at the hospital had informed him that speech might be impaired for a certain amount of time after a coma (and though they’re still not quite certain about the causes of Sherlock’s unconsciousness, coma is the only explanation readily available, even if it’s mostly just a working hypothesis). But Sherlock’s vocabulary seems to be back to its normal level of function. He has no trouble with long or difficult phrases, he doesn’t stumble when speaking at speed, his sentences can be long and grammatically complex. He just doesn’t speak
Sherlock longs for that second kiss.
John swallows, suddenly conscious of how many times he’s already done that within the past few minutes. It’s a nervous reflex.
Sherlock suddenly waxing philosophical about one subject or other is nowhere near as unusual an occurrence as people might think. He can be quite whimsical when the fancy takes him and has an unfortunate habit of dishing out life lessons left and right to people who would really rather not know his thoughts on their most intimate and personal matters spoken out loud.
. But Sherlock doesn’t know how to hold on to the self he becomes during Moriarty’s visits, the self he reverts back to. He doesn’t know how to make it permanent.
Just one more thing to go then. John’s very pleased with his two purchases, but he needs something a bit more extravagant than a book to go along with them and he has a vague idea what he wants it to be.
His words are harsh, even Mycroft knows this. They may not sound any different from their usual brotherly squabbling, but they are. This is not their run-of-the-mill childish feud that delights and frustrates them both in equal measure. This is serious and Mycroft wills his voice to convey that.
The words are meant to be soothing, but they just annoy Sherlock all the more. As if he doesn’t know where he is, as if he doesn’t realise it’s over. Since being hurried into the back of a van two hours ago outside the facility where he’s been kept for the last three weeks, Sherlock has been perfectly clear-headed. They’ve been unable to give him more than a maximum dose of painkillers and something to quench his fever, insufficient to cause any lag in his awareness of the situation. They’re still not out of Serbia, but they’ll cross the border into Hungary in less than an hour according to Sherlock’s calculations. From there, they’re heading for Pécs to catch a private plane back to Britain. Mycroft hasn’t said so, but Sherlock knows his brother’s favoured spheres of influence. Once they’re aboard the plane, he will be given a hefty dose of antibiotics to combat the infections in his system, the unfortunate souvenirs of spending 20 days in a rusting cell under a constantly leaky water pipe with open cuts. Hopefully they’ll have a cigarette for him as well.
“I can’t come home right now, Mary. I wish I could, really I do. And I’m sorry about it all. I’m sorry about the timing, with the wedding and all. But no matter what, it’s not alright, staying here with him without properly explaining why. It’s not fair. And it’s… it’s not acceptable. And I’m sorry. But it doesn’t change my decision.” John pauses for the briefest of moments, swallowing a wave of regret and crushing an urge to just stop speaking.
“Are you leaving?”
Then Moriarty turns towards him.
“I tried to do something. I started it that evening… the last evening, after you’d left. It was an idea I had, an old one. Very old. I’ve had it for most of my life. I used to discuss it with Mycroft, but he didn’t think it could be done.” Sherlock scoffs again, this time with a hint of mockery in his tone. “He might be the British Government and he might have one of the most ordered, analytical brains of our generation, but Mycroft has always lacked all sense of imagination.”
As the days go by, however, John can’t seem to shake the feeling that there’s something on Sherlock’s mind. They don’t talk much – Sherlock’s energy for talking restricts him to a few short sentences of mostly monosyllabic words, and although he seems to quickly expand on the complexity of both vocabulary, sentence structure and length, John doesn’t want to tire him out unnecessarily and so rarely strikes up non-essential conversations. As such, John isn’t basing his deductions on Sherlock’s lack of words.
. And the way
“John.”
Sherlock seems to be just as aware of the nostalgic mood as John is, lighting up in another smile and chuckling under his breath. “And you call yourself a doctor.”
. Cosy and undemanding and, yes, perhaps a bit boring, but there hasn’t been a good murder in
So... here we are. Chapter 12. In many ways, the climax of the first part of the story and I've really enjoyed finally writing this down in its finished form, though also strangely dreaded how it might turn out. I really hope you like it. And I really hope that what's going on is clear without everything coming across as oversimplified or stated too directly. I hope it all comes across as I wanted it to. And I hope you don't mind what's in store. Once again, thank you do much for reading and thank you for all your lovely kudos and comments - please continue to provide them, I love to hear your thoughts and they are a great motivation to me.
Jim Moriarty is
It’s not like that anymore. Now John and Sherlock go on a case and Sherlock has to fight to stay focused because everything inside of him is drowning in hurt and confusion and hopelessness.
They both stand there, quiet and frozen, listening to Mary as she descends the stairs, throws the front door open and slams it behind her. Only when she’s completely left the building does John spring back into action, unfreezing and staring at Sherlock with a mixture of disbelief and insecurity.
Sherlock holds on to Jim’s hand with fervour.
No response. He might have expected as much. Sherlock never explains while he’s thinking. He prefers to lay it all out at once with a great flourish and he needs to have thought everything through before that’s possible.
It’s as though Jim already knows. But then, perhaps that is to be expected. Perhaps Jim is the one person who understands. Because they’re the same. They’ve always been the same.
He sounds like an idiot, dumb and confused and unintelligible. They can both hear it. An amused smirk appears on the face of his companion.
He’s trapped. Trapped as he lies here on the sofa, the walls seeming to close in around him, the roof descending, closer and closer, pressing against his chest, suffocating him slowly but surely. Drowning him. It’s not real, he knows it isn’t, the walls and roof are in place, everything is stable and secure, but knowing it does nothing towards alleviating the feel of it. The feeling of suffocation.
“Then I suppose it doesn’t remind you of anyone in particular, am I right?”
John sighs again, but lets it rest. One has to choose one’s battles and Sherlock’s boredom isn’t an opponent John feels capable of defeating.
“This is what it’s all been leading to,” Jim continues. “What you’ve always wanted. Don’t you see? It’s within your reach now, all of it. So don’t be foolish. Step up and claim your reward.”
“When you’re at a crime scene and Anderson or Donovan or any of the other… Scotland Yarders…” Jim sneers as though he finds even the concept laughably ridiculous. Perhaps he does. “When they call you
They’ve let go of enough chances.
“Oh, you git, you know you’re not supposed to read yet.”
Sherlock waits patiently for John’s outburst to die out, that annoyingly overbearing expression on his face he’s always sporting when he thinks John is exhibiting one or more of the three D’s:
“I understand if you don’t want to do it yourself. I understand that, Sherlock. You’re a brain. You think things and you plan things, but you don’t execute things. You stay above it all. Just like I’ve always done. We’re alike you and I, you know that.”
This chapter is completely Sherlock-centric. It doesn't jump between the dual perspectives of John and Sherlock as the other chapters so far, which was a conscious decision on my part to keep the focus on Sherlock and his inner conflict. John will return, of course, but most of the story right now is happening in Sherlock's head and it would feel incredibly forced to return to John right now.
There’s no hesitation this time. Just an all too familiar frantic
And as if only to make what should already be plain as day all the clearer, John’s affections are not returned. Sherlock might reciprocate John’s attachment, in fact, John has no doubt that he does. Sherlock does need John and, in some ways, needs John just as much as John needs him. He feels it when Sherlock asks him to stay a bit longer, when Sherlock smiles one of his genuine smiles because John just made a joke, when Sherlock calls for him from his bedroom and, when John comes to check on him, he says he just wanted to make sure John was still there. John sees that attachment and he believes it. But beyond that… Sherlock doesn’t do things the way normal people do things and he doesn’t feel the way normal people feel.
John decides to soldier on.
“I have time. I’d like to know.”
They’ve been doing this every day for a week now. They head out from Baker Street in a random direction, find a place to sit, watch as people walk by and engage in a friendly competition in deduction. It’s quite relaxing in a way. But what’s more, it has allowed Sherlock to begin rebuilding confidence in his own deductive abilities. Observation by observation, deduction by deduction, he can feel his brain slowly regain momentum and reclaim its former exalted position as the pinnacle of Sherlock’s being. The deductions are useless, uninteresting and certainly not enough to get him back on track on their own, but it’s a start.
John doesn’t ask Sherlock if he’s alright a second time. Sherlock has no delusions that it’s because John trusts him to tell the truth on matters of health and general well-being. Sherlock betrayed that trust a very, very long time ago and John would have been a poor doctor indeed if he’d not caught on to Sherlock’s disregard for his own personal health and safety by now. Sherlock has relied on John ignoring every word he’s said about safety precautions on more than one occasion. But perhaps he finds it nosy or rude to question Sherlock’s assessment directly. Or perhaps John is just allowing Sherlock to get away with much, much more than usual on account of his supposedly fragile condition.
. He can’t bring himself to say the last bit. This admission is embarrassing enough as it is. But it remains there, spoken between the lines, hanging in the air between them.
“Before you went to bed,” he clarifies. “You were going to say something, but then you didn’t get to say it. Was that what you wanted to say?”
But he’s tired. John can tell. Only when it’s just the two of them or when it’s Mrs. Hudson who’s paying a visit do Sherlock’s shoulders sag, his jaw lose its tension, his hands unclench.
“But is it, you think, more times than he’s said the exact opposite? That he’s called you uncaring, cold, over-rational, uncomprehending in the face of emotions, a machine? A brain without a heart. And meant it to be a critique, mind. How many times hasn’t he shouted at you, accused you of only caring about the puzzle and not the lives at stake? Is it more or less times than he’s given you praise and recognition? In the end, is he not one of those people who only ever cared about the results you gave them?”
desire to come home. He just took his behaviour at The Landmark on that fateful fucking evening at face value and then never stopped to re-examine. He’ll never learn.
Here we are, chapter 19. A bit of a slower chapter, focusing mainly on John and his mounting problems.
“Thank you for the visit.”
Sherlock traces the thinnest clock hand around the dial in the bottom right corner of his laptop screen. The flat is completely silent, all noises come from outside, but Sherlock pretends that he can hear the clock ticking its way through the numbers. Fifty-six, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, fifty-nine… one more minute has passed. Is it just in his head that time is moving slowly or might there actually be a defect in his computer?
Jim is harsh. There’s not a hint of warmth left in his tone when he replies. “Don’t look at me like that. This is it, Sherlock.”
It’s Sherlock who speaks first.
He should really get up. He is responsible for making this whole thing a success, he can’t just lay here when John is counting on him getting things done and making preparations. That John would trust him enough to make Sherlock the best man at his wedding… something like that comes with obligations. John has described this as the biggest and most important day of his life. And letting John down on the biggest and most important day of his life is something that Sherlock simply won’t allow himself to do.
For a shocked moment, neither of them know how to react.
“Oh, it’s alright, I can’t complain. A bit empty, though.” She pauses. “I miss you.”
There’s a pregnant pause. Jim’s smile of understanding curls in on itself, giving way to a serious expression that would look comically out of place if it wasn’t so sincere.
Not on his watch.
Of course things can’t remain that way. The rest of the world comes back into focus as soon as John manages to rediscover his spine enough to separate his lips from Sherlock’s. He takes a step back. Meets Sherlock’s eyes. But he doesn’t know what to say. Perhaps there isn’t all that much to say, really. Not when the sight of Sherlock’s dishevelled hair and flushed lips is enough to make John re-examine the sudden space between them with what can only be described as resentment.
For just one moment, the only thing Sherlock can hear is a ringing silence as every voice and sound in his head falls quiet. His headache collapses in on itself as though the exploding star that has been his brain the past months has finally reached a breaking point and now transforms into a black hole, pulling all noise and fear and doubt with it.
“Are you together?”
Sherlock very pointedly pictures a slightly chubby eighth grader prying the fingers of a primary schooler off his cardigan after applying a plaster to his eyebrow in the school infirmary. He can almost hear himself pathetically begging Mycroft to stay and Mycroft’s reply of
Sherlock curls up tighter and wills time to go faster. He might be waiting for Moriarty to return first thing in the morning. He might be waiting to confirm his suspicion that Moriarty
Mycroft frowns softly, observing his brother keenly for any indication that he’s playing a joke on him. But Sherlock looks perfectly serious.
Sherlock frowns. He lifts his head from John’s shoulder (with far more reluctance than he would have liked), just enough to be able to tilt it back and look John in the eyes.
He nods.
John looks from Mary to the coffee. He tries to warm his hands on the cup, but it’s just one of those disposable plastic ones you draw in automates. It’s way too hot for him to hold.
Neither John nor Sherlock has ever really tried to define what it is they have. At some point, the term colleague was replaced with friend. Then friend was thrown aside with no new definition taking its place. John wishes fiercely that they could talk about these things, especially now. But Sherlock isn’t one to discuss his thoughts, especially not now apparently and, as always, especially not when feelings are concerned. John can almost hear him say it –
“I am.”
“No!” John takes a moment to locate his words. “No, I don’t want that, Mary! I don’t want… You’re my wife! My Mary! Alright? I love you! I don’t want to leave you, I don’t want anything of the sort! I married you and I don’t regret that, not for a second! I just… I’m not… not good right now! I’m confused, Mary, and I need time!”
John is just in the process of figuring out how best to phrase his explanation for staying the night at Baker Street in his obligatory text to Mary when Sherlock calls out for him (or perhaps simply calls out, John doesn’t actually pick up on his own name) from the living room. He promptly leaves his phone behind in favour of checking up on him.
There’s no hesitation on Mary’s part this time.
“Hmm?” John leans in closer to hear him over the music. So Sherlock isn’t the only one having trouble with his hearing. That’s… good.
John isn’t anyone. And he needs to stop living his life as though he is.
He listens. He knows he should not, but he can’t help it. Those eyes are hooks, drawing Sherlock in and keeping him rooted to the spot. A butterfly basking its wings once or twice before falling still beneath the pin.
And he wants to go back.
! He had been right in feeling that neither a therapist, a girlfriend or a marriage could make him into John Watson again. He had been right in feeling that only Sherlock bloody Holmes could make him whole again.
John swallows slightly before he resumes talking. “My point is, you’re a stubborn git and a pompous arsehole at the best of times. But at least with you, you know what you’re getting.” He looks down. “You don’t pretend. You’re just… you. And I don’t want to take that for granted, because I don’t think many people are. Are themselves, I mean, the way you’re you. All the time and unapologetically, no matter how annoying that may be at times. And I think that’s… I wish…”
. That in itself isn’t a problem. Sherlock has an entire storage compartment dedicated to things he’d rather forget about, at least temporarily. Among them, as far as Sherlock recalls, is a calendar of birthdays, some family photographs, a couple of lists with headings such as
His response is instantaneous this time.
With this evening’s conversation, John has no trouble recognising his own words from all those moons ago. Even more, he understands why Sherlock chose to remind him.
Sherlock actually looks... unsure. Unsure of the answer. To this most basic of questions that John had almost meant to be rhetorical. The stupid,
But he stays.
Sherlock Holmes, can do. I want to see you be exceptional. Incandescent. I want the era-defining genius.”
changed is… well… John.
Because what if it isn’t just murder victims and potential perps in there, strangers Sherlock has just met and will never know personally? What if Sherlock has tiny little replicas of people he knows stored in there too, like some kind of game pack? He did say he based their behaviour on everything he knew of the people they were based on in real life. Naturally, he’d be able to simulate the behaviour of people he knows well with much greater accuracy than that of a total stranger. What if… what if Sherlock has a tiny little replica of
it’s been forever since Sherlock has felt this light. They turn off and head down Cannon Street before Bank of England is even in sight. Instead, they walk towards Monument and get chips from a food wagon on the street. Then they waltz down the street arm in arm, Sherlock carrying the paper tray for the chips which is quickly getting soaked in outrageous amounts of fat and salt.
“I paraphrased a bit, but that was the gist of it, wasn’t it?”
do this to achieve… he once said it himself, didn’t he? Bitterness is a paralytic. Love is a much more vicious motivator.
Mary is all dignified concern and calm professionalism when she arrives in the early evening. John had phoned her while Mycroft had phoned his parents, after which they had lapsed back into that silence hanging between them, wobbling back and forth on the knife-edge between comfortable and decidedly not. It had been a relief to have someone interrupt, or so John had thought at first. Now he’s not so sure.
But then, John Watson is not like any other person he’s met in his life. The impact that John has had on his life… Sherlock has a habit of thinking about important events in his life as happening
Can he blame Sherlock for saying out loud what they were both thinking?
John is here. He’s safe. He doesn’t look as though he's suffered any serious trauma. You can’t even see the redness from the tape around his mouth. He might have rope burn on his wrists, though, but Sherlock can still only see his face. And he’s alright. Thank the god Sherlock doesn’t believe in.
been holding back. His head is filled with a thousand thoughts dying to be uttered. There’s plenty on his mind to fill out the silence. In fact there’s plenty to fill it out for what feels like the next three hundred years. The thing is, he can’t share any of it. Not with her. Here he is, sitting with his wife, his… his Mary. And yet he can say less to her than he could to a complete stranger.
But if Jim’s first words spark flames, then his next words are the opposite.
“I just wanted you to know,” he begins, intent on being clear and concise. That intention goes straight out the window the second John runs out of words. His courage goes along with it. “I just wanted to tell you…” Damn it all, why can’t he just
“There, you see? It’s still there. Not as easy to get rid of as you might think.”
, but then he’ll use those exact words and that exact disarming smile on a witness only to ruthlessly drop it all the moment he gets what he wants. He’ll make John question whether he cries his heart out or rolls his eyes in disdain when the door closes. He’ll make John hate himself for questioning Sherlock’s feelings just because he can’t put them into words and then make John hate himself for investing so much in a relationship with a man who, by his own admission, is a high-functioning sociopath uninterested in human emotion.
Once again, John should find this curt, matter-of-fact approach endlessly unbearable. But by now, he’s had enough dealings with the Holmes brothers to know the difference between the actual nonchalance that’s regularly dished out with a good dose of smugness and superiority and the faked variety that shows up every once in a while to cover up a crack in the lens. That kind of nonchalance is almost like John’s intermittent tremor, a nervous tick that they seem unable to control in moments of
He’s made a vow.
John doesn’t want to ask out loud. He’s busy enough blocking out as much of the unending beep-beep-beep of the heart monitor’s call of alarm as possible while also trying to stay out of the doctors’ way as they rush from computer to monitor to bed and back again, desperately searching for a way to bring Sherlock’s soaring heart rate back under control. As they keep reassuring him, it’s not necessarily dangerous. But one doesn’t have to be the world's only consulting detective nor look twice at their faces to tell that they understand no more about this situation than John himself and that’s frankly a terrifying thought.
Later, during the days spent curled up in bed, the things he has said has been unarticulated to the point that he barely knows himself what he has ended up getting out over the months.
Sherlock longs for Jim and he hates himself for that. He longs for his smirk, his daring, his humour. He longs for the way Jim seems to understand him without Sherlock having to speak a word. He longs for the way Jim makes everything seem as though it’s alright, encouraging Sherlock to return to who he used to be, to make deductions and let his brain guide his behaviour, yet doesn’t berate him when he fails to do so. He longs for Jim’s acceptance.
Sherlock takes a moment to ponder the question, trying to remember any particular incident and dissect his emotional response. It takes approximately a fraction of a second. “Not particularly.”
he could come up with. Now the only thing Sherlock has to share with John is an occasional snide remark that takes much more energy to come up with than it should. No wonder John is moving on.
Remembering Mary’s advice from this morning, and remembering the other three times or so that she has brought it up during the last couple of days, John moves on to the subject of a new case. He glances down at the petri dish underneath Sherlock’s microscope. “So… other than contaminating everything while carrying out chemical experiments in a part of the house intended for the preparation of food for human consumption, do you have any other pressing engagements?”
“And what truth is that?”
John is there when Sherlock wakes up again. It happens as suddenly as the previous times, a transition from deep slumber to full awareness within just a few seconds. He looks around, gaze sweeping the room from wall to wall, but there’s no detectable change in his expression as he takes in the scene. Forget everything about observing, it’s debatable if old Sherlock would even have classified this as seeing. He’s still well and truly under then.
Sherlock is taken aback, which is why he makes the stupid mistake of honesty.
And yet, for him, there is only John. Friends don’t protect him. John protects him. He’s always protected him. From the very first day, he’s protected him, against the world and against himself. He was right to say that he didn’t have friends. That he’d only got one. And he lost that one, through his own foolishness and weakness and because it took him too long to say what he really wanted to say. He let the chance slip through his fingers. But now, in spite of everything, he’s been given another chance. And this time, he hasn’t let it slip through his fingers. This time he’s held on to it. John is in his arms now, as unbelievable as it feels to think that.
Sherlock hesitates. He doesn’t know what to say. It’s his fault, it’s all his fault. But it’d be worse if he hadn’t intervened. Wouldn’t it?
John doesn’t look fully convinced, as though he isn’t quite certain what Sherlock is trying to say. Understandable, really, given the horrendously imprecise, halting way Sherlock is trying to explain it. It’s as he said: it’s not explainable. What he and Jim have cannot be properly explained, because it cannot be fully understood by anyone other than the two of them and they understand it without words. That’s what it’s always been like between them, a glance and a flash of recognition resulting in an immediate understanding existing far beyond words. Trying to formulate that… Sherlock isn’t sure he can manage and he certainly isn’t making a very good job of it.
Then there are the other things lying unspoken between them, whether it would be wise to talk about them or not. The realisations that John had the night before Sherlock’s overdose have been shoved resolutely in the background by everything that followed. John has done his best to pay no further attention to them, to simply chalk them up to late night anxieties and a post-marriage identity crisis. Both perfectly normal responses given his current age and romantic status and therefore perfectly understandable and acceptable.
What the hell is he thinking? Sherlock admitting to feeling things doesn’t automatically equate to him appreciating being grabbed, pushed up against a wall and snogged senseless by his best friend. Sherlock has just explained how he feels about his emotions, how they relate to his rationality and John has just massively ignored all of it to force his own selfish agenda on Sherlock. What kind of best friend would ever do that? And what about Mary? John is bloody married, and now he’s just kissed another. He’s cheated on his wife. And with a man at that! John isn’t like that, should not be like that. And yet…
The river rises that inch further. Threatens to spill over.
And perhaps he shouldn’t think about
The noise quietens. It doesn’t go away.
Sherlock’s hand is resting on the covers and John doesn’t stop to think about it. He places his own hand on top of Sherlock’s.
Jim came back. John did not.
“Please, Sherlock. Do you really think ignoring it will make it go away? I’ve given you a glimpse of what you could be if you let yourself go. Just a teensy glimpse. You're the one who has to make the decision."
John beams back at her, unable to keep his relief from shining through. “He’s only bloody woken up! He’s pulled through.”
Look at what the cat dragged in! An update, less than a month after the last one. From here on out, we're entering the angst-filled, less straightforward portion of this story. I really hope you like it!
“Hm?” Sherlock turns to face him, their eyes interlocking. John opens his mouth.
“Hm?”
True, John has to admit that he doubts whether Mary will ever be able to fully mend him. Wonders whether Mary isn’t more like a new cane than a new Sherlock. Which is a ridiculous sentiment. Mary isn’t supposed to be a new Sherlock. She’s supposed to be Mary. His girlfriend. She’s good enough just as she is even if she isn’t Sherlock. She has many fine qualities even if she’s nothing like Sherlock.
Sherlock decides to add his own.
Make that audio-visual-tactile as Sherlock picks up a slight discomfort coming from his left hand. It’s being squeezed with considerable force and there’s a voice, too, a familiar voice, he’d know that voice anywhere, it’s…
It's Wednesday when it finally happens.
“You’re the one who always-“
Disorientated and slightly numb, Sherlock performs his closing duties as best man. A short speech, a cue for the music to start and he’s finally off-duty. John and Mary are still looking at him as people start to move onto the dance floor and Sherlock makes his way towards them.
into his nose. What Sherlock can’t stop picturing is John’s expression, at first openly disbelieving and heartbroken before morphing into a closed off mask of hostility and contempt. That had been a harder slap than any physical slap could ever hope to be.
Sherlock turns to look at him as if in slow-motion.
Their eyes are locked onto one another’s. Sherlock can barely breathe.
Sherlock’s vocal cords threaten to wrap themselves around each other uselessly and his voice sounds weak and strained. “Different how?”
“How long?”
How many times hasn’t he tried to imagine what this would feel like? How many times hasn’t he mentally rehearsed the entirety of a standard wedding reception to prepare himself for the ordeal? Sherlock took the pain he felt then as a good sign, a sign that he would already have experienced the worst of it by the time he entered the church so he wouldn’t have to sit here like he does now. The exposed nerve in a broken tooth, laid bare for all the world to see and utterly defenceless against whatever pain is coming his way.
She sits down and gestures for John to take the chair opposite. It strikes John as odd, the way she commands him around in his home, invites him to sit in his chair, takes charge of the situation when she’s the guest… but then he’s reminded that this
“Listen… I know it’s not just about Christmas. I know it’s about… it’s about all of it. I mean… you never wanted to be a parent. You just sort of started to help me out and suddenly it was just… the way it was. And I can’t tell you how grateful I am for that, Sherlock, and I couldn’t do this without you, I really couldn’t, so don’t get me wrong, but… it was never really your dream, was it? Hell, when I met you… and for quite some time after that, actually… well, it didn’t even seem as though friends was something you were really… interested in. Never mind having a partner and a child.”
John doesn’t sleep well that night, if what he does can even be characterised as sleeping. He lies awake, reading his book, until Mary turns and complains that his light is still on when it’s nearly half past twelve. So John turns off the light. So Mary goes back to sleep. So John just lies there. Occasionally, he’s able to doze off, but it never lasts longer than twenty to thirty minutes before he’s awake again and looking at the time. Mostly, John just lies there. Not knowing what to do to pass the time and take his mind off Sherlock.
he ever felt this cold before. Perhaps with the exception of that one time when he was six and he went through the ice and into a lake because he needed to know exactly how much weight the ice could carry, which turned out to be just short of the weight of a six year old jumping on it. He was soaked to the skin in an instant and caught a cold on the way home that lasted the better part of a month. Maybe that’s the last time Sherlock felt cold like this. Cold to the core of his bones. The lump of ice stuck in his chest isn’t all that different from a cold either with the way it seems to press against his lungs, turning his breaths short and rasping.
“You would have solved it in a couple of days?” John raises an eyebrow at him, though Sherlock can't see him.
“And?”
Banishing John from his mind takes more effort than Sherlock would like to admit. But John has no place in this moment, not as Jim’s fingers slide along his jaw and takes hold of his chin, forcing his head further back and his pulse higher up.
John almost laughs before it dawns on him that Sherlock is not in on the joke. The arrogant git.
Jim’s voice has done another pendulum swing back to sympathetic. He leans forward in John’s chair and Sherlock's gaze is invariably drawn to his.
Sherlock broke that deal. And it almost killed him.
No response. A slight frown appears between Sherlock’s brows, his otherwise expressionless face taking on an edge of annoyance. He wants John to shut up and let him think. Well, two can play that game.
hell?”
Sherlock tunes out, curled up into his customary ball on the sofa, and waits for Mrs. Hudson to give an exasperated huff of “Well, really!” and leave him be.
“How long?” she asks.
While Sherlock is still mostly silent and highly restricted in his movements (indeed he’s more or less confined to communicating via pointed looks and exasperated sighs that are a bit too loud and obnoxious for comfort and sound suspiciously as though he’s trying to whinge), the situation does at least begin to resemble something that John can deal with as Sherlock grows increasingly aware and responsive during the next 24 hours. The first time he complains of boredom, which is on the second day, it’s almost a relief.
Turning his back on Jim is turning his back on the part of himself that wishes for his own happiness and embracing the part of himself that is willing to face his own destruction for someone who will never know and doesn’t seem to care.
“John,” she interrupts again, holding his gaze seriously. “I can make this work, but I have to know whether you’re in or not. Yes or no? It’s as simple as that.”
He is after a much bigger reward.
“What would have worked?”
and John has
Which leaves Sherlock right where he is: in his armchair, looking between John in the kitchen and Mrs. Hudson and Rosie by the window and feeling unsure what to do with himself.
“Ah! So Sherly is right after all. A fool, is that really what you think of him? Or can you just not stand to contemplate what he can do?” One of Moriarty’s hands is at the back of Sherlock’s neck, his fingers constantly tangling and detangling in the dark curls. It’s distractingly intimate. Which is probably the intention.
Moriarty tilts his head to the side and meets his gaze, a playful smirk on his lips. “You better not.”
“Well, Sherlock… you know my methods. I am known to be indestructible.”
Sherlock is looking at him. And Christ, he looks so bloody
Mycroft hesitates a moment, stuck somewhere between uncertainty and annoyance. “Are we playing a game, brother mine?”
and other monosyllabic and slightly uncivilised swearwords. It helps to say them aloud in his head, John finds. It makes everything seem a little bit more real, reminds him that there’s still a completely normal, boring world outside where friends are out having beers in pubs. It’s funny how much John has willed himself to forget his coping mechanisms after the Fall – some of them far less acceptable than uncivilised swearwords – yet how quickly his mind and body seem to return to them now, completely on instinct.
“Honestly? I don’t know.”
“Three days.”
Of course the moment that thought passes through his head is the exact moment his phone buzzes with a text from Mary.
“You’ll always be shunned for your uniqueness, my dear. Ordinary people, they don’t understand you and they never will.” His voice sounds plaintive. Saddened almost, or about as close as Jim Moriarty can manage. “They will give you names. You’ve already heard some of them. Freak, psychopath. They will brand you. They will look for deviance, and they will strike when they find it. They will lock you up all on your own. They will fear you. They will hate you. All because they cannot understand you.” Jim’s eyes veritably glisten with intensity as they bore into Sherlock’s. He can hardly breathe. “But I do, Sherlock. You know that, don’t you? I will not give you names. I will not brand you. I will not lock you up. I don’t fear you. I don’t hate you. I will look for your deviance. And I will love every second of it.”
, for being so blunt and so determined that he should laundry all his most despicable secrets in front of her in this manner, before he’s ready and without his acceptance.
Sherlock doesn’t look convinced. If anything, his frown has deepened and a barely perceptible
It’s fascinating to say the least. As soon as he opens his eyes, there’s nothing. No lingering touch, no coldness, no sore muscles. It’s just in his head, it’s not
John isn't a religious man, but he has made exceptions once or twice before in his life and this is one of those moments where John feels as though an exception is warranted.
They don’t discuss any of the things that really matter.
When he does, it’s just one word.
Why has he become like this, this sad parody of himself, feigning intelligence and understanding. Once he was always at least two steps ahead of the world, now he’s dragged along behind it, fighting a losing battle to at least try to make sense of events as they rush past him. How much he hates it, hates what he sees in the mirror, hates this… this
“Poor thing. What happened to you, Sherlock?”
“No, no, that’s not…”
Sherlock needs backup. Urgently. And he knows just what kind of backup he is in need of. Someone to offer a few words of encouragement to help him lock away the waves of emotion currently eating away at him. Someone to remind him how weak it is to care. Mycroft might not be a very sympathetic listener, but he’s on Sherlock’s side in this more than anyone else could ever be.
Sherlock folds.
“Well then, Sherlock… Back on the sauce?” His voice isn’t exactly sympathetic, but then again, sympathy ranks very low in Mycroft’s available repertoire and John isn’t exactly in a position to judge, his own anger considered. Sherlock simply glares daggers at his brother and proceeds up the stairs, Mycroft sliding sideways to get out of his way. A smart move, actually. Given the opportunity, John wouldn’t put it past Sherlock to quite literally trample his brother underfoot. But then again, given his own mood, John wouldn't put it past
Sherlock’s traitorous heart skips a beat.
. It is what it is. It was what it was. And Jim understands that. Almost as though it’s just another nostalgic memory of previous misadventures. Something to be laughed at in much the same way as one may laugh at a particularly embarrassing night out with friends.
“What’s all this about, John?”
Sherlock doesn’t turn to see his expression, but there’s a slight huff of air as of a breathy chuckle.
All of it.
Sherlock clamps down on his lower lip with enough force to turn it white. He seems almost embarrassed. Perhaps he
Sherlock saw this coming. Right from the first day, he knew that John made him feel things. Right from the first day, he knew that John brought emotions to the surface that Sherlock had spent ages locking away. Like a mental illness making a comeback after years and years of dormancy. A pendulum swinging back. And he knew that it was going to end badly unless he put an end to it. Knew he would have to fight to avoid those floodgates bursting wide open and spilling his emotions out. Knew that John would push him towards that. And yet he has done nothing to stop it. Now it’s all happening exactly as he predicted it would and he has allowed it to come to this. He has let it go on for the sake of just another warm fuzzy feeling in the pit of his stomach when John smiles at him. He has ignored the warning signs. He has clung on to a fool’s hope that somehow it might all work out in the end, that somehow John might be a magician capable of making Sherlock’s logic and emotion compatible. All based on a far too brief period of 18 months when it seemed as though he and John could do anything together. When he could go on cases with John and make his deductions, not just despite John’s presence, but
It doesn't help. Still John worries. Still his stomach tangles itself up in knots. Still his throat constricts until every breath is a challenge. Because it's just not true. Real people aren’t immortal. And as otherworldly as Sherlock may seem at times, as otherworldly as Sherlock may prefer to think of himself at times, John knows his humanity better than almost anyone else. And right now, he would to God he didn’t. With humanity comes mortality, and John isn’t a good enough liar to convince himself that his stomach doesn’t drop a further three storeys at that word appearing in connection with Sherlock Holmes.
It might just be the stress and anxiety in combination with the sleepless nights talking. It probably is, in fact. But it doesn’t change how John feels. It doesn’t change the fact that his brain just can’t seem to stop returning to the idea that Sherlock might never wake again.
“Come with me.”
John nods, finally managing to locate his vocal cords.
Sherlock looks up at him, impassivity once again exchanged for a questioning frown. He’s actually listening now.
him. Even if it was only in his head all along, what did that matter?
Sherlock is awake.
“I’m sorry.”
Can he blame Sherlock for not letting Mary and John’s own guilt run all over him?
To hell with it all. John is freezing, his jacket is sodding wet and his arm is protesting loudly about the way he’s chosen to arrange a litre of milk and a carton of eggs that didn’t fit in the shopping bag he’d taken with him to the store. He stops at the front door of 221, staring at the doorknob with murderous intent as he contemplates how on earth he’s going to get at the keys, conveniently located at the bottom of the shopping bag now so full of groceries that he’s had to carry some of the items in his hands.
Eventually, Sherlock decides to bypass the finer details. “Mycroft found me eventually and I was able to create the necessary distraction for him to get me out of there. He took me back to London. You know the rest of the story.”
him more human. But he didn’t stay to see the project through to the end. Now Sherlock is neither entirely opened nor entirely closed and all those
John leans in and kisses him, swallowing up both questions and fears. He’s gentle, gentler than he’s ever been before. Their first kisses were fiery and intense, years and years of pent-up passion, but this is the opposite: years and years of longing to touch, to feel, to savour and it’s soft and controlled and almost tender in its hesitance and sincerity.
“I don’t know who I want to be. I don’t know who I ought to be. I don’t even know who I
“Enough. I’m here to talk with Sherlock. When last I looked, that was not quite you yet.”
He expects a wide, triumphant grin. It doesn’t come. Instead, Moriarty is looking strangely... sad. Disappointed, but not in the arrogant manner that Sherlock remembers from their confrontation at the roof of Bart’s Hospital. It feels almost sympathetic.
Looking at John now, Sherlock isn’t sure if that betrayal can be forgiven.
Sherlock hasn’t mentioned Mary with as much as a word since the kiss. Neither has John, though it keeps churning around in his head along with a thousand other unfinished thoughts.
“You know what I mean. You’re more you now than you’ve been in years. Making observations and deductions. Seeing connections where no one else can pick up on them. Being one step ahead of everyone. Being Sherlock Holmes. Not stupid little Sherly, showing up at crime scenes without a clue how to solve the case because he’s too preoccupied with looking cool in front of John.”
John pounces on that mistake with frightening accuracy.
“No. Not with this.”
And now… now he just wants rid of it. All of it. If he has to sacrifice the good times with John – the fond memories of past cases, the butterflies in his stomach when John smiled at him, the seeming drop in oxygen when John pulled rank or barked out a command, that feeling of being
Still, she pauses before asking: “Do you wish to leave me?”
And John isn’t sure how to make it right.
that isn’t him and yet seems to have taken control of his brain and his body so deeply that he can’t rid himself of it! When he made the decision to seek out that stupid,
got something to be sorry for after all. If Sherlock hadn’t decided to keep his drug relapse a secret… if he hadn’t decided to keep a stash hidden in his flat… if he hadn’t given in to temptation quite so quickly, but instead had waited for John to arrive as they had agreed… well, then none of this would have happened, would it?
. Absolutely bloody brilliant, in fact, they couldn’t be better. Which one can so rarely say in real life.
“Well, you’re a nurse. Do you agree with John’s assessment that I still need to be mollycoddled now that you’ve had a look at me?”
“What about bad?”
The speech itself is an exercise in self-inflicted torture. Speaking to a room full of people who are actually listening while also speaking to himself in at least three separate voices does not go well together and Sherlock absently wonders if his desire to self-ignite is as palpable to everyone else as it is to him. On the other hand, John is here, John is listening and Sherlock is finally given just a bit of that attention that he won’t admit to needing. Seeing John smile, even look visibly touched by some of what Sherlock is saying… that’s good. His inner monologue falls into the background for just a moment. John’s arm around him as they awkwardly hug in public is enough to ground him, even if it’s just a momentary relief.
John’s heart descends into the lowest part of his ribcage. It seems that every time he thinks his heart can’t sink further, every time he imagines his stomach to have stopped doing uncomfortable somersaults, Sherlock’s next revelation brings it all back with a vengeance. Although from a medical point of view he knows everything is right where he left it, at the location in his body where it’s supposed to be, he’s almost surprised to find his airways unimpeded.
Kissing Sherlock is a million things. It’s equally warm, equally comforting and in many ways equally reassuring in its familiarity. But that familiarity is Sherlock’s familiarity, his scent and his enthusiasm, his warmth and his voice. His body is unfamiliar. John has looked at those lips a thousand times, he’s even kissed them two times before, but this is the first time he's had the wherewithal to really notice how they feel against his, to imprint their shape and their softness in his mind, to pay attention to the way they mould themselves seamlessly against his own. Sherlock’s hands have held on to him a thousand times, but never like this, never with this much urgency. John has shared in Sherlock’s breath a thousand times, during stakeouts and high-speed chases, and yet feeling Sherlock’s warm breath meet and intermingle with his own in the enclosed space between them now is an entirely new sensation, incomparable to anything else. When John raises a hand to Sherlock’s cheek, partly in a caress and partly in order to draw him closer, touching Sherlock’s high cheekbones and smooth skin is not unlike walking on the moon. He’s looked at this place a thousand times before and yet actually being allowed to touch it is on a whole other level. Kissing Sherlock is an intermingling of a distinctively
And just like that, John pulls him down in another kiss and his thoughts are stolen along with his breath.
while at the same time letting Sherlock know that he doesn’t mind and is more amused than annoyed.
“You think he’s here on exchange?”
That’s what they’re used to. That’s what they do. That’s how the sometimes-balanced status quo between them is maintained.
“You moved on during those two years. You have a different life now compared to the one you had when he left. He doesn’t. But it’s not your responsibility to abandon your new life to fulfill your old function in his. It’s not your responsibility, John. You can’t spend your life taking care of him.”
Everything is as it should be at Baker Street. John lets himself in using his own key that he still keeps at the insistence of both Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson, shouting a greeting in the direction of 221A on his way up the stairs and receiving Mrs. Hudson’s reply at the halfway point as per their usual routine. Sherlock is in the kitchen, bend almost in half over his microscope, and his only greeting when John opens the door to 221B is little more than a noncommittal hum to let him know where to look. As soon as John enters the kitchen, though, Sherlock has looked up, apparently all set and ready to start his explanation. And for the next five minutes, John can’t get as much as a general “how are you?” wedged in between the long list of ergo’s and from which it follow’s streaming out of Sherlock’s mouth at a frankly alarming rate.
“Close the door... on your way out.”
And John can cope with that, at least better than he can cope with the vague disgust at the less salubrious sides to his newfound sexual experimentation. He’s too old for it anyway, he wasn’t meant to wait this long before trying to sleep with another guy.
This is seriously annoying. With Mrs. Hudson apparently out of hearing range and Sherlock’s phone acting up, he will have to get up and go downstairs to either use the landline or find Mrs. Hudson and borrow her phone if he wants to get in touch with John. Sherlock would rather not have to get up already. He’s just enjoying the peace and quiet, the calm after the storm. For the past six months, being alone has been a constant bombardment of voices and sounds and feelings, splitting his head apart from the inside out. Now it’s finally all gone quiet, and then he isn’t even allowed to enjoy it? When he eventually does get in contact with John, he will have to complain about that too.
“I know,” he says at last. “You’re right. I can’t spend my life taking care of him. And I won’t.”
The first time happened right on the stairs up to 221B a couple of days after the scene at the restaurant. The first proper moment they’d had since Sherlock’s return where it was just the two of them. It had seemed as good a moment as any to at least try to say something. “Sherlock, you are going to tell me how you did it? How you jumped off that building and survived?” he’d asked. He’d tried to make the question sound light, like the whole thing had been nothing more than a well-executed trick. For all John knows, it might have been to Sherlock.
Once they start, it’s difficult to stop. Sherlock’s lips are soft and pliable and distinctly his own, all sharp angles and deep cupid’s bow, and John can now feel all the areas and features he’s been examining for years. Somehow, though John isn’t quite sure how, they make it back onto the couch and Sherlock manages to migrate from the cushions to John’s lap. He doesn’t straddle his hips though. He just curls up in John’s arms, too long legs dangling off to one side while his own arms encircle John’s upper back and his fingers tangle up in greying hair, holding on as though John might pull away from him any minute. John has no desire to do that though. It’s far too good right now, all reservations and consequences so far away as to barely intrude on this moment.
