Toni turns her face into his side, her forehead pressing against his ribs. “No,” she says, voice muffled in his shirt. “It’s stupid. I’m probably just PMSing. You know how crazy emotional chicks get when their period is about to start.”
Deja vu washes over her, and she recalls a very similar scene in a very similar room two months prior. Only Bucky never looked at her with hatred, just emptiness.
“Ma’am…”
“A day or so,” she says. “Coulson asked me to try and recruit an expert in biochemistry and the various incarnations of the supersoldier project in particular, to help Simmons decipher the Hydra files. Is Toni in the machine yet?”
He’s expecting her to laugh it off, he’s expecting yelling, he’s expecting anything but a thoughtful look and for her to turn back to the window. “That’s a hover-capable ‘62 Corvette down there.”
“You heard me. Sorry for invading your privacy or whatever it is you’re going to yell at me for, but I just wanna know somethin’... which one of us are you jerking around, me or him?”
“Now?” This would be an excellent time for a sea monster to rise out of the Pacific or an invasion of aliens or a plague of rodents of unusual size for that matter. Unfortunately, no world-ending disaster or invasion of gigantic vermin to save her from being an adult. She takes a deep breath. “Yeah, okay,” she says, taking the plunge. “Let’s talk.”
“Yeah. Uh... Is... there anything I can do to—“
birthday. Felicitations, ma’am. There are thirty-seven emails in your inbox that require your attention. You have a meeting scheduled with the executor of your mother’s estate at 2pm at the law firm of Seger, Ayer and Poole.”
“Not if you have Chocolate Fudge Brownie. Cross my heart.” She skips into the kitchen, digs through the freezer until she finds the tub hidden in the back, behind a bag of frozen peas, of all things, and grabs a spoon out of the drying rack.
That being said.
before I let them loose in your system, kiddo.”
“I’m not sulking,” he snaps, “I’m
“Oh goodie,” she says, and her voice is only a little raspy. “I get to be awake for the really good parts. Sometimes, Helen, I think you’re a closet sadist.” She closes her eyes and settles back against the biobed. “How many colonies did you inject?”
Only one way to know for sure. The discomfort and anxiety are in full-throated screaming right now, but Tony's spent his life wearing one mask or another, and showing an unconcerned, non-reactive expression when he's internally howling in shock and disbelief is second nature to him by now.
And the tale Tony weaves, waking up on the Moon with blue fire surrounding him, getting unbelievable data scans from a device he built from scavenged alien technology, deciding to return to refute his results and discovering that his results can’t be refuted… Frankly, if anyone else but Tony Stark told him this story, he’d laugh and invite them to pull the other one.
Carol’s quiet for a long time, longer than Tony thought she would be, staring at the thumb drive as she flips it over and over in her fingers. “
He doesn’t have to wait long, and he doesn’t have to move at all to intercept her, because when she shimmers into sight, she’s right in front of him and glaring at with her hands on her hips.
She stares at him, and it hurts to see how washed-out that brilliant, sparkling blue has gotten. “I’m trying,” she says. “I’m really trying, James.”
The four drones fall into formation and begin an attack pattern, strafing her flight path in front and behind her position. She brakes hard, feeling g-force press on her body, but pleased to note it’s not nearly as strong as it should be. The armor drops like a stone, falling a hundred feet before she turns her boot jets back on and arrows back out over the water at a steep angle of ascent.
In the reflection, Steve moves into the doorway for a moment, as if he’s peering in at Tony, and his shoulders go whipcord tight, but he keeps his head down until Steve turns back to his aide, until Tony can’t see any part of him anymore. Until he’s completely out of sight.
Her day gets even better when a soft chime rings from the ceiling, and JARVIS’s welcome voice announces, “Good morning, ma’am. I have successfully completed my installation in the Stark Tower servers, and am linked to Starkcom satellites on JVS priority channels. All functions are fully operational.”
Steve just stares at him, stricken and sick. “That isn’t comforting, Bucky.”
Toni slumps, pressing one careful hand to her ribs. The adrenaline is wearing off, and everything
Every single syllable hits home, her own words cutting vicious and sharp, and just for a moment, her vision hazes in red. “Oh, you’re going to regret you said that,” she snarls, and drops back into her ready stance.
She flexes her hands against the rope, checking the give, spider-walking her fingers over the coil until she gets to the knot. She frowns as she explores it with her fingertips, mapping the curves and ties in her mind. If she can figure out what knot it is, she can get out of it. On her second pass along the ropes, she blinks. “Oh my god,” she says, scandalized and thoroughly insulted. “I’ve been kidnapped by incompetents. A handcuff knot? Are you freaking kidding me? A
And he knows the man's making them. He can see Coulson’s mouth moving, hear the rise and fall of his voice, knows that Coulson's speaking at least one language he understands, but Bucky’ll be fucked if he can comprehend a single goddamn syllable.
“Helen’s perfectly understanding about the demands on my time, because she has her own,” Pepper says evenly, and crosses her arms again. “And then there’s the added bonus of not having her beat the living hell out of me the first time we met.”
solnyshko - little sun, sunshine
“Alright, kid,” Tony says firmly, and his hands clench into burning fists. “Playtime is over.”
“I know she can. She’s the strongest fucking person I know, living or dead. I know she can handle it. But see, here’s my problem: she shouldn’t have to! Christ on a fucking cracker. You don’t understand. You really don’t understand.”
And if Schmidt has spies in SHIELD, that's fine too. He has other resources he can call upon to monitor for Tony’s location. He needs to check in with Selvig anyway, so the timing is perfect. Selvig should be more than capable of tracking Phoenix-level energy spikes.
He snorts. “You don’t need to. All I’m asking is that you listen to what I have to say.”
Head pounding, cotton dryness in the back of his throat, pain making itself known all across his body, he settles back down. Settles for a weakly snarled, “Who the fuck are you?”
“Yes, I got your back, you chicken.”
“Well then. No time like the present. Send him to kill Stark and retrieve the Winter Soldier. That should prove to be an adequate test of his abilities.” The man smiles at him, and his eyes are cold and malevolent. “Ah. I believe the good Captain is attempting to break free of your conditioning, Johann. Should I be concerned?”
“No.”
“You are weapons-free,” Coulson repeats. Pauses. “Go express that rage.”
“I don’t think we have the time necessary to devote to telling you just how stupid we think you are, Star-Lord,” Clint says with a smirk, lounging in a chair near Tony and twirling an arrow between his fingers. “We could try, but I think we’re on something of a clock here, what with Nazi Cap running amok and all. Raincheck?”
“How long have you two been together now?”
ruin it, and it’s always going to be between them now.
She eases into the conference room and shuts the door behind her. Sets her tablet on the table and takes her coffee to the floor-to-ceiling windows to look out over the city while she savors the hot brew, right to the bottom of the cup.
Toni smirks, hooks a thumb into the neck of her t-shirt, pulls it down to spill out the blue glow of the arc reactor, flash a little of the twisting scar tissue marring her chest. “My physical therapist told me I’d never do hands-on prototype design again. Fuck what your therapist says. I wanna know what you think.”
This chapter's alternate title is "so much for the author's personal responsibility". :)
“That may be,” she says, side-eyeing him, “but you’re still on my shitlist.”
“No,” she says, tries to tug her hand back. “I can’t. It’s not mine.”
She rolls back towards him, looking up from her nest of pillows. He’s standing at the edge of the bed, arms folded loosely, watching her. His expression isn’t exactly an open book, but he’s clearly miserable and worried. She sighs softly, and lifts a hand from the warmth of the bed and holds it out to him. “You’re not gonna hurt me,” she says. “You haven’t even tried since you saw my face, and I'm still sure you were brainwashed then.”
“That’s great, honey. That’s really good.” Her voice is soft, encouraging, and there’s the sound of a body sliding off a bed. “Is it okay if I come over to you?”
And that’s when he drops the act, flares into a bonfire, and bolts at top speed for the holes in the bulkheads through which he entered, and doesn’t even care all that much that he bowls over the workers who have now appeared to continue their crucial repairs.
. “Three in each,” he says smugly. “Even odds. Now, what was I saying?”
, open fucking heart surgery by someone without light or, you know, sterile tools, shit rations, no medicine, daily waterboarding… And she
She wakes sometime later, swimming back to consciousness to find herself tied to a chair in the middle of a room. It’s cold and damp and she doesn’t have her shoes, but she still has her dress on, always a good sign. Experimentally, she wiggles, shifts her legs, feels the sheaths still tied to her upper thigh, under the curve of her left breast.
Peggy lets out a soft, wounded cry, and her hand flies to her mouth. “Oh, Steve…”
“Yes, Uncle Obie,” she murmurs, and is glad when he turns his back and walks away, because she isn’t able to hold back the steel-eyed glare she levels at his back. “Asshole,” she breathes, and starts finger-combing her hair to straighten it back out. “Fucking pig.”
JARVIS’s silence is damning, but the hiss of the armor panels shifting, retracting, reforming is answer enough. Toni falls out of her armor, landing hard on her hands and knees -- and
could ever possibly be a deep cover Hydra agent.
Bucky has absolutely no fucking idea of where he’s going with this. He has a notion that Clint’s trying to be reassuring, but it’s apparently backfiring on him. “Afghanistan,” he says neutrally.
But it’s just a business. The labs are dark and quiet. Some of the open rooms look like guest bedrooms, empty and depersonal and waiting for a tired body to fall onto the mattress. One large office, clearly an executive’s office, he explores in expectation of finding evidence of wrongdoing, but only finds drawings for artificial limbs and clean energy reactors and cell phones and tablet computers, and framed certificates for the company’s exceptional philanthropy on the wall.
“Appreciate it,” Tony murmurs, and the flames die when his feet touch down on Clint's balcony. “But Flaming Turkey is my porn name. I was young and needed the money.” He shakes his sleeves out as the Phoenix armor fades into the jeans and jacket he put on earlier that morning. “Got anything to drink?”
pissed-off woman in red and gold power armor hauling her grim, relentless way inside.
the smirk in her voice, even if a quick glance up doesn’t see it on her face. “I don’t put on the slinky black dress for just anyone, you know.”
“Always,” Clint says, nodding, puts his hand on the door to close it. Hesitates long enough to add quietly, “We'll talk more about all of this in the morning, you and me.”
“Oh, it was Captain Rogers. It just wasn’t strictly
Barnes and Toni  are going to declare war over this. Phil knows that as certain as he knows his own name. And they’ll drag Romanoff and Barton into it, which will bring him into it. And Toni will reach out to Rhodes and Danvers, who have their own friends who’ll be happy to help. There is going to be blood in the streets and heads on pikes and a lot of
“All the things you broke, and your terrible, inappropriate sense of humor stays intact. Just our luck.” His rumbling chuckle sounds very far away. The drugs are creeping up to cloud her brain again, and she starts to sink into it, then remembers and fights her way back with a pained gasp.
One hand rises, and she claws at her chest, above the horrible void where calming blue light should glow, and a nano veil comes off her skin, revealing the two stars, one on either side of the reactor dock’s empty ring. “I’m sorry,” she mumbles, so faintly Bucky’s not quite sure she talked at all, and her arm falls limply to her side again. “I’m so sorry. I’m sorry. Sorry. Sorr…”
-----
He stares up at her, blank and scary as
He catches a glimpse of Toni and Bucky as the elevator doors close. Bucky is stricken and upset. Toni’s face is still white and her eyes are huge, but he sees relief in them. Relief that he’s leaving. Relief that their official meeting as soulmates is pushed off until another time.
She blows out a breath. “This is probably the one they’re going to fight me the most on,” she says. “And that is all relevant Avengers-related merchandise or technology that we develop for the team or to fund the team is the property of Stark Industries, through the Avengers Initiative subsidiary, and any Avengers on payroll. SHIELD isn’t going to make a profit off of us killing ourselves to save the world.”
This is gonna be a fun conversation to have.
, he knows what he’s doing with his mouth. Toni’s used to people trying to speed through the kissing in order to get her clothes off, but Clint doesn’t seem like he’s in any rush whatsoever. It feels like natural progression to open her mouth, lick at his lip, invite his tongue. His hands don’t go anywhere, except to cup her jaw and rub his thumb along her cheekbone.
“Shut up,” she mutters without any real heat. “It’s
His eyes rake downwards over her wet body, linger on her hips, then come back up to her face. “In,” he says, eyes dark and glittering, and reaches for the tie of his sweatpants. “Definitely in.”
In the next moment, she feels the bowl slide out of her lap as someone yanks it away, and turns to glare at Bucky, who is unapologetically setting it in his own lap. “You snooze, you lose, Romanoff,” he says, digging out a handful. “So these ‘randomized spontaneous events’...”
Steve doesn't like killing.
“I am feeling slightly cramped, ma’am,” JARVIS says, and his intonation sounds ever so slightly aggrieved. “While the storage and processing capabilities of this server far exceed current market recommendations, I do not think I have sufficient space to properly execute my primary purposes. My program occupies nearly 80% of available system resources.” A beat, a pause. “I am a growing boy, but I have no room to grow.”
Toni glances up at the observation area, but no one’s visible. With a sigh, she slumps, rubs her temples. The nanites are doing their work, but her whole body is a mess of dull aches and fiery itching. “I do a lot of things more or less constantly, Pep,” she says tiredly. “Would you mind narrowing it down a little?”
Tony grinds his teeth together. “For the last time,” he says with exaggerated patience. “Scans have been provided for you all to look over. If you do this very simple thing, we could put this Phoenix bullshit to rest once and for all. I
“Very good, ma’am. A notification warning has now been set. The manufacturing process will pause in approximately four hours.”
It almost feels like it used to, the bantering, the not-quite-flirting. Steve lifts the pillow off his face long enough to glare at Bucky with one baleful blue eye. He stares back, unimpressed, and Steve lets the pillow corner drop again. “How’s the woman? Stark, was it? I guess she’s Howard’s daughter? How is she doing?”
“No. I can’t. I…” Her shoulders are trembling under his arm, and she scrubs her face against his collarbone. “I can’t not see it, every time, Bucky,” she says hoarsely. “You were different. You just… they sent you to defend the Zima Station against an intruder. Him… they sent him to kill
“What the
The murmurs of agreement, the muttered “Cap’s side is usually the one to be on”, bring his attention fully back to the room. He jerks his head up, narrowing his eyes at the brief, barely-there flash of blue he catches gleaming in the space above their heads.
She sticks her tongue out at him, and nudges her goggles back up into her hair, turning her attention to Rhodey’s date. She’s tall and blonde, not pretty in the same manner most of the girls Rhodey’s introduced her to are, but striking and handsome, which is far better in Toni’s opinion. Toni’s first impression is,
Hogan peers at him over the top of his sunglasses as he approaches the car. “All done, Captain Rogers?”
He’s jury-rigged this thing in
with no resources to draw from, because that’s when his nigh-supernatural luck always comes into play.
A single heartbeat pounds in three chests, a single deep gasp of air fills three pairs of lungs as they surface out of the place where a single image shines with all their colors, supported by stone and swirled by blazing heat and howling cold.
A different voice, tired and lost and thin, calling from the bottom of a deep, dark hole in the ground, a whispered scream howling his name like it’s a plea for help.
He can’t remember the last time he woke slow and lazy, buried in pillows and puffy blankets, warm and comfortable and with the scent of a woman in his nose. He opens his eyes, blinking blearily, hand reaching out to curl around the curve of a warm, smooth thigh. Shapely, strong muscles under the skin, a distinctly feminine noise of pleasure accompanying the stroke of his fingers as he moves his hand down to the knee.
Coulson opens his mouth, looking more than a little amused, but whatever he is going to say is abruptly pre-empted by a chime from JARVIS. And Toni freezes on the spot, because that sound never means good things.
Carol files in, nudging Steve along, and Bucky assesses him with a long, appraising look. He’s got an expression of dazed wonder on his face, like someone cracked him over the head with his own shield and he’s not sure how it happened. Carol steers him to the chair next to Bucky, and pats Steve on the shoulder before quietly leaving again.
She triggers the helmet to fold back, and lies there breathing for a second, trying to get her heart rate back into a semblance of normal, staring at the ceiling overhead. That breaks through the haze of amusement, panic and excitement hammering through the soulmarks. Wait. Ceiling?
“It was bad enough enough when it was just Clint,” Pepper continues, as if Toni hadn't just spoken. “But at least I knew he had your back. Even Natasha, once she lost the distrust, that was fine too. But ever since Fury gave you those files of your father's two years ago, and you found your red star…” She lifts her hands in a defeated, helpless gesture. “It's been one mission after another. And yes, you found him, and I'm happy for you. I really am. But your heart stopped, Toni. And now this, with Steve? How much more are you going to take? How many more times are you going to halfway kill yourself before it's enough for you?”
in the ballpark of pleasant and not giving a shit. “Why are you here? There isn’t even a will-reading. You could have stayed home and waited for the courier to deliver your copy.”
Bucky told him a few nights ago.
“Nah,” she says, and threads her fingers through his hair, and he has to resist the urge to purr like a goddamn cat. “Sooner or later, you’re going to realize that I got the better end of that deal. Too bad, though. I’ve only got a master’s degree in metaphysics, but in my limited understanding, these soul bonds are for life, so you’re stuck with what you got, I’m afraid.”
Bucky reaches out, sets his hand gently over Clint’s face, then shoves him backwards, through the door and back into the room. “Two smoking hot women in your bed, and you're out here trying to impress me. You're greedy, Barton.” Humor drops from his voice as his hand falls back to his side. “Take care of her, huh?”
“I’m going to donate you to a community college as soon as we get back stateside, JARVIS,” Toni mutters, moving along the stairs and down a deserted hallway until finding the door to the armory closed. She peers through the narrow window, seeing crates and ammo cans, some labeled STARK INDUSTRIES, some labeled HAMMERTECH. Toni is insulted on principle. Under no circumstances should HammerTech be allowed in the same room as her stuff. It’s just déclassé. “Maybe even a child care center. Busy Bee or Honey Bear or Little Flowers on Penguins. Something saccharine like that. You can entertain snot-nosed brats for the rest of forever,
Dr. Fennhoff runs some tests, MRIs and CT scans and other procedures he doesn’t recognize and finds the slightest bit fantastic, like something out of a Wells novel. Peggy is there with him, holding his hand, smiling encouragingly, trying not to cry. He lets her hold his hand, even though his skin is crawling, because something is just not
“I’ll give them a raise,” she mutters, and drains the last mouthfuls of coffee in a long swallow.
Toni’s the first to move. She takes a single, hesitant step towards him, lifting a hand to hold out towards him. And all of that might have saved the situation, if only he couldn’t see how badly her hand is trembling. If only he couldn’t feel her panic. If only he didn’t know that if she let her inner reaction come out of her mouth, she’d be screaming her head off in terror.
Memories stir, meeting a big, bald man, targets of interest. It’s fragmented and hazy, makes no sense. His shoulder is melting, flaying to the bone, and the torment hits a new intensity. Fire washes across his mind, burning and searing and filling everything with dark, thick, choking darkness.
For the fourth time, she attempts to get through the first paragraph, but her brain keeps losing track of the words, can't keep them from sliding away from her comprehension.
He sighs. “Can't go around Toni's orders, huh? Yeah, okay, J. I'll talk to her when she gets up.”
Her speakers crackle and pop, electronic whistles and whines that make her wince, but it drags her attention solidly to the screen. And she can’t help but grin from ear to ear, all the exhaustion and muscle strain and heavy eyelids gone, as excitement flutters in her stomach, jolts adrenaline through her system.
likely. Sad facts that are only further reinforced when Carol sighs, sinks heavily into a chair and puts her face in both hands. “You’re right,” she says tiredly. “Elaborate ruses like this really aren’t your style.”
She grits her teeth. “Hi honey,” she says, forcing false cheer into her tone. “How was your day?” Distantly through the connection, she can hear Natasha’s rapid-fire Russian in the background, knows she’s cursing Toni’s lineage all the way back to the Stone Age.
JARVIS never seems to mind answering, though; his tone never shifts from its usual pleasant register. “Seven minutes, thirty seconds, sir. I am now within range to connect with the JRV-Malibu servers, and am downloading pertinent updates.”
Natasha frowns unhappily. “We first thought your ribs were broken, actually. You were coughing blood, and you were struggling for breath. I was afraid you’d punctured your lung. But the scans JARVIS took didn’t show any fractures. You bit your lip pretty badly, though, so it was likely just blood you’d swallowed. Still. You scared us pretty badly, Toni.”
And he should tell Steve about Toni.
“That was easy,” Toni says, knowing as it comes out of her mouth that she’s just jinxed herself.
There’s a long pause.
“They tried to call our bluff,” adds Carol, pushing the paper over to Rhodey. “They made some noise about finding new pilots if we wouldn’t play ball, but Jim reminded them that the suits legally belong to
“Sure,” Clint says, as easily as Natasha had, which is unsettling, and mimes zipping his lips. “No more said. If you need anything, though. Help. Advice. A copy of the
“Fuck,” he breathes. Well, that just leaves one option then, an option that even two weeks ago, he wouldn’t have ever considered, but is somewhat surprised to discover that he doesn’t mind even a little anymore.
“They need not
she thunders, punctuating each word with a jab of fingers into his chest,
The workshop door opens at his approach, and the music cuts down to a level that’s barely audible. Toni spins around in her chair as he walks through the door, clearly surprised to see him, slightly panicked and even a little… guilty? The shield, he’s relieved to see, is on the bench behind her, and looks as shiny and undamaged as when he stacked it in the corner.
The HUD turns red, and the target matrix locks on a blur of motion coming towards her. She only has enough time to register its presence, not enough to get out of the way. The HUD scatters, goes crazy, jitters and reels, as one-two-three fists slam into her faceplate, and her head rocks back with each blow.
To Toni’s eternal astonishment, she wakes up.
“Talk to me, J,” she says. “I need options. Fast. Ones that aren’t the Murder Twins or War Suit.”
“Probably,” Quill says with a smirk, and Tony smirks himself a second later when suspicion crosses Quill’s face. “You know what, I think you just insulted me.”
-----
Tricia stands up. “What do you have to say to your critics who say that your gender played a critical role in your decision to halt Stark Industries’ weapons manufacturing? To clarify…” She glances at her hand, sounds like she’s quoting, “‘Stark’s phones are cute, but she shouldn’t be sitting behind the big boy desk. She should leave the business to someone who can handle defending this country, and focus on her family… she’d be much happier.’”
“I want you to fuck me,” she growls, and does
Clint’s frustration and aggravation are a tight, roiling ball in Natasha’s chest, clenched hard enough that she’s concerned the teasing is going a bit far. Normally, she wouldn’t worry, but it’s been a stressful few months, and he’s always taken awhile to come back down off the edge. This, at least, she knows how to handle. She stands and moves to the couch, settles against his side. Abruptly, the ball shifts to pleased surprise, and he only hesitates for a moment before dropping his arm around her shoulders.
“Oh,” he says, blinking. “
Toni says, low and dangerous
“I think the worst damage I’ve ever seen Toni recover from,” Clint says unexpectedly, and Bucky starts enough that coffee sloshes over his hand, “has to be the shit she came back from Afghanistan with.” His head barely turns, eyes sliding over to Bucky briefly before returning to Toni, unconscious on the bed below them. “I thought she was fucking dead when we found her. She’s always been curvy, you know? Hips that…” His hands trace a shape in the air, outlining generous curves, then fall into his lap. “She never fell into that ideal weight bullshit. Never ordered salad when what she wanted was steak. Didn’t guilt herself when she wanted cheesecake or ice cream or donuts for breakfast. She didn’t have the habit of skipping meals for days at a time because
because that way, it might be any building and not her home, her sanctum, her safe place that no longer feels quite as safe.
If you follow me on Tumblr, please be aware that I've broken the smut into its own chapter, just for ease of keeping things organized. Later tonight, early tomorrow morning, it'll be posted in its entirety as Chapter 24, "Your Touch".
The next thing he knows, he’s standing outside Toni’s workshop, still holding the crushed remains of the broken phone. He’s half-expecting Clint to be inside, and his imagination helpfully provides all sorts of images drawn from the messages he read that make him want to scream and punch something soft and Clint-shaped until it isn’t Clint-shaped anymore.
His phone rings just after he swipes his access card through the reader on the secured elevator leading down to the long-term residency floors. He sighs faintly, because he really doesn’t have time to take a call, but it’s his personal phone, and of the handful of people to whom he’s given the number, he can’t think of one that wouldn’t constitute a priority call. He pulls it from his pocket as the ringtone sounds again, tilts it so he can see the caller ID.
Out of her one good eye, she sees him clearly for the first time. The Winter freaking Soldier, face slack and blank and half hidden behind bloody hair streaked with dust. He crouches on her chest, pinning her wrists with his knees and keeping her flat on the floor with his right hand. She’s given him hell – he’s streaked with blood and looks dazed, if the way his eyes keep crossing are any indication – but he’s still fighting, and she’s out of options.
“We can be sure,” he says simply. “If I may speak freely, sir?”
“A handcuff knot,” she grumbles, and pulls her feet up to rub some heat back into the ice cubes she calls toes. “It doesn’t mean what you think it means, you inept
==========
(See the end of the chapter for
“I really don’t know why I bother hanging around with you,” Rhodey grumbles.
She pushes the trolley back into the elevator and hits the communal floor again, grumbling under her breath. As the elevator is rising again, a thought occurs to her and she closes her eyes with a wince. She’s forgetting someone in her apologies. “Hey, J?”
“‘Kay,” she says with another of those happy smiles, and disappears back through the kitchen door.
, I don’t even get a guard! I want a fucking recount of this kidnapping.”
“They’ll be fine,” Clint says suddenly, drumming his fingers on his thigh. It sounds less like he’s reassuring Bucky and Natasha, and more like he’s trying to convince himself.
“Oh fuck, yes,” Bucky says as neutrally as he can, isn’t as successful as he wants to be. He zips his hoodie back up.
It takes him three breaths to register that he’s not dead. He cautiously cracks open an eye, takes a couple of quick, experimental breaths, but if he’s not breathing nitrogen-oxygen, his body certainly doesn’t seem to understand he should be flopping like a fish on the beach, dying of suffocation.
went down in a plane, saving the world.”
“The color of Colonel Danvers scarf is a lovely shade, ma’am,” JARVIS says blandly, and Toni cackles.
She finds the drone a few minutes later, and begins to get the sneaking suspicion that JARVIS is toying with her, since he keeps ducking the drone in and out of the clouds. After a prolonged, frustrating hunt, she drops on top of the drone and shoots it at point-blank range. “Alright, kiddo,” she says, letting the drone fall and readjusting the contours of her armor for top speed. “Jesus, I must be halfway to Japan out here. Time to go home, I think. Let Steve know I’m on my way back, please.”
Simmons’ shoulders firm up a little under that, and Toni’s gotta say, she likes the fire in the woman’s eyes. “Understood,” she says.
with shaking, slick-red fingers. The lock clicks open, she yanks at the handle, and throws herself through the door just as he reaches her.
With a sinking feeling, she knows that she’s never been in any aspect of her life anything
“Bring him home, Bucky,” she says quietly, even though she’s not on the comm and he can’t hear her. “Or you’re sleeping on the fucking couch until doomsday.”
She turns her jaw towards him. “How’s it look?” she asks. “Am I going to need my concealer?”
Bucky freezes, heart hammering in his chest. For a moment, it feels like a panic attack rising, but it’s not like that at all. It’s… Jesus, it’s deep and it’s wondered and it’s
“Repair the most critical sections first,” he says, and uses his finger and thumb to zoom into a still shot from the security feeds: Tony, closed eyes brighter than they were a minute prior, and a faintly visible phoenix anima glowing around him. “And send the best we have after Tony. If he’s become a Phoenix host, we need to retrieve him quickly and quietly before we have a riot situation on our hands. The world doesn’t need a reminder — or god forbid a repeat — of the Phoenix Five.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry,” he says sheepishly, and concentrates on making sure the aristocratic tilt of her head is at the right angle on paper.
Pepper’s laugh reminds him of Toni’s coffee, because like Toni’s coffee, it’s something he wouldn’t mind experiencing more often. “Phil, do you know nothing about me? My office contains more of my belongings than my apartment. I’m always there.”
them.
Fifty three maddening moments of silence later, Tony pays Clint his ten bucks.
She steps out into the light, feeling like rage is snapping in sparks from her eyes. “You want to get between my thighs, Ty? Well then, let me oblige you.”
“You wouldn’t clean a pool even if we had one,” Toni says, after a moment of thinking about it. “You’re the laziest kept man ever. It’s a wonder you haven’t grown into the couch yet.”
“I’m a simple fella, Toni. I believe marks appear for a reason.” He sighs, turns his head to face her, and covers her hand with his where it rests on his chest. “We’ve been avoiding talking about what happened. I think we need to get to that conversation, or we’ll be stalled like this forever.”
Toni drags herself to her hands and knees and crawls towards the door, weakly reaching up to the handle and falling into the glass when she misses. And Bucky freezes dead in his tracks, because Toni’s shirt is hanging open, and her skin is ashen grey, and there’s a dark, hollow place in her chest where the arc reactor should be.
Clearly, the same thought never occurred to Kobik, who shoves the fridge off her with a wail of dismay.
Natasha hasn’t decided for sure yet, but she thinks she might have preferred it when Bucky and Clint were glaring at each other from across the room, because the two of them on the same page are aggravating.
. It slots in place, and the picture clarifies into crystal sharpness that momentarily takes his breath in a way that running doesn’t. His legs eat up the distance she put between them, and he falls into step with her again, hooks a finger to pull the bud out of her ear as he does so. “How fast d’you think you can run, Toni?”
Faster, faster,
“Do you trust me, Stark?”
Toni scoffs into her mug, realizes it’s empty, grumpily slides off Clint’s lap to go get a fresh cup. “Aunt Anna and Howard didn’t get along,” she says over her shoulder as she drains the pot into her mug. “In the way that a falling nuclear warhead and the ground don’t get along.”
of him to fall for it.
he’s got her hooked now. Coffee, Lola… Was it always this simple and he just never thought of it? “Then I’m afraid I’ll have to go on my way,” he says, regretfully. “Other meetings to attend and all. I’ll have to take Lola to the Triskelion. The SHIELD mechanics are good. Not as good as you, of course, but with what’s powering her…” He trails off, keeps from grinning in triumph when she scoffs.
“Sign the form, Barnes,” Rhodey says, coming around to clap him on the back. “I’m going to go pull strings and make sure there’s no issue with your flight path.”
--------
--------
why that’s not even in the same room as the table, let alone on it.”
They break apart again, and Toni is goddamn
he hears Steve think back, and it’s really not fair of Steve to lick into Tony’s mouth like that.
The worst part is that, no matter where she goes, she has Rhodey and Clint looming over her, one at either shoulder, making sure no one comes close enough to look at her funny, let alone try and grab her again.
Her shoulder is pulsing and it feels like there’s a red-hot coal set deep in the bone. Her vision keeps going blurry, threatening to black out, as she scoots along as best she can with only one working arm and a broken hand to boot. “You will not die in between the fucking floors of your own fucking building, Stark,” she says through gritted teeth. “Get your shit together.”
“Yeah.” He kisses her again. “And when you get home, you can make up for having missed my birthday.”
He isn’t sure how much actually got through to Toni or how seriously she took it, but he considers the meeting a wild success regardless. Phil spent the better part of two hours talking to her denim-clad legs and backside as she tinkered, diagnosed, cleaned and tweaked Lola’s innards, barely seeing her face at all. But she agreed to at least
Mutely, he hands her the phone.
To: sgrogers@starkindustries.org
“Only way she’ll know is if you go stool pigeon on me,” he mutters, then pastes on his very best smile as the door starts to open. “You got my back if she tries to punch me back into the coma, right?”
feels sorry for FitzSimmons, because the looks that cross Carol and Rhodey’s faces can only be described as “unholy glee”.
as she hits the mat, twisting into the momentum to roll her back onto her feet.
He clears his throat firmly, shoots Toni with the Rhodes Death Glare of Lethal Doom, and says, “Why don’t we go on up, Carol? Clint should have the barbecue going by now.”
It's always been about safety and happiness, and there is an alarmingly exponential downward trend of both in Toni's life. A snowball that keeps rolling until it's a fucking avalanche burying her alive, that he has to stand watch happen until she calls for his help. And most of the time, it's fine. He's happy to jump in when she needs. But he can't stand back and watch, not this time. No more. He has limits too.
. Thinks about the wild, desperate shine of her eyes. Thinks about her gasping for air over the open comm. Thinks about how readily she agreed to trust him with her property, her sanity, her weaknesses.
--------
He breaks off, clears his throat, rubs his forehead with one hand, bridges that hand over his nose and squeezes his eyes with thumb and middle finger. Looks suddenly as wrecked as Bucky feels. “Shit. Sorry,” he mumbles. “Got sidetracked. Where was I?”
The left wheel of the Jeep hits an indent in the ground, jolting Toni painfully against the sudden lock of the seat belt. Clint just sways gracefully, his hip almost touching her temple. Toni has a very brief, very enjoyable fantasy about shoving Mr. Perfect Balance right off the side. “How many are back there?” she says. “I don’t want to take my eyes off the road to check.”
“Very good, ma’am,” JARVIS replies promptly. “Agent Coulson has requested a meeting to begin in approximately one hour. And I believe I have reached the final layer of encryption on SHIELD’s servers. I have isolated a series of servers in various Stark clusters, and will begin collating and compiling pertinent data for your convenience.”
Natasha nods. “Coulson’s got new intel on a few things. He’s going to want to meet about it at some point. And even though we’re down an Avenger, the rest of us are still here. I’ll draw up a training schedule, get everyone used to working with everyone else.”
was bad,” he says quietly. “This is fucking
“They cleanse my memory.” Declaration. No intonation. A simple statement of fact. But then his forehead furrows and his eyebrows draw together. His eyes cant downwards, and he seems to be staring at his hands. “It doesn’t always work.”
“I can respect that,” Clint says, rolls onto his stomach and props his chin in both hands. Steve swears under his breath and reaches for the eraser to fix the lines for the new position. “I’m probably not going to listen, but I can definitely respect that you don’t want to talk about it. Thing is,” he continues, crossing his ankles in the air and ruining Steve’s attempt before he can even finish erasing the first, “I also respect Toni. I’m starting to wonder if you do.”
Steve slumps into the bed. “Good,” he says, with clear relief. “Good. I… there was a lot of blood. And I…” He looks like he’s going to be sick again. “I don’t understand any of what’s happened, Buck. Everything’s jumbled together. And…” He pauses. “I can tell you’re angry, but I don’t know why.”
“Tell Toni I’m here.”
“I’m fucking rich. I can hire an exterminator that can take out an assassin,” she snaps, and glances over to him. “Ooh, is that mine? Jesus, you’re too good to me. Thank you, honey.” And she reaches out, intercepts his arm in mid-extension…
“Yes, after all that.” She goes onto her toes, running her hand right up his spine and curling it around his neck in a gentle squeeze. A groan rumbles deep in his throat, and his eyes half-close, because it feels
He doesn’t try to deflect or dissemble, another refreshing trait of his she deeply appreciates. “I knocked Barnes on his ass and punched Rogers in the mouth,” he says, collected and matter-of-fact. “And told them that I’d end them if this ever happened again.”
“No.” Frigga kept her gaze steady and her expression calm as Odin processed the denial, and his face grew as troubled as a thundercloud.
“I know,” Coulson says agreeably, “but I can personally vouch for their trustworthiness. I think you’ll like FitzSimmons. You have a lot in common.”
“Steve’n me were the same,” he says, and his hand goes tight on hers. “They showed up early. 13 or so. Not as -- fucking
Neither one of them are looking at Rhodey, they're looking at each other with the kind of conspiratorial commiseration that Toni's
“Note the Iron Patriot's arrival,” he says. That shoulder-mounted cannon is distinctive, even if the paint job wouldn’t have given it away.
His head is reeling, brakes screeching his fury to a halt and whiplashing him from one extreme of emotion to the other. He isn’t sure what he expected when he came down here -- a shouting match, maybe. A cold
Steve slides the shield off his arm, inspecting the new straps carefully. They’re comfortable and nearly frictionless, but still offer a good grip for when he needs to fight with it. “You can’t just ask?” he asks absently, running his finger along one of the blue lines. Huh. Feels like leather, even though it clearly isn’t.
There’s a moment of silence and then Clint says, “Because a fucking supersoldier punched me. If Toni’d punched me, you think I’d be up here getting ice and aspirin?”
Toni nods. “Just figure out how they shut you down, J. I’d
He’d feel better, though.
With a sigh, she gives up on the email she’s trying to compose and send before the plane lands. It’s either that, or risk delivering a deadly, if unintentional, insult to the Wakandan ambassador, and that wouldn’t bode well for her hopes of opening negotiations for purchasing some of their vibranium stores. She’s already got the Stark name working against her; Howard made no friends there back in the 40s, barging in without asking and carrying off a hunk of their property. The last thing she needs is to make everything twelve times harder by fumbling her grammar because she can’t handle the stylus properly.
Coulson’s smiling again, that fond, eye-crinkling smile. “I think they’re already yours, Toni, but I’ll take care of the official channels.”
She beams, blue eyes bright and soft and glittering. “Yeah?”
“There are words,” Carol says, slightly strangled, and Tony looks to where she’s flying off to his left, “that should never, ever be uttered again.”
“In your current condition, you will be unable to fight for any sustainable length of time, ma’am,” JARVIS says, “and your… companion is an uncertain element, due to the Hydra conditioning to which he’s been subjected. Your best option is to--”
When he finally does fall asleep, driven past even the tolerances of a supersoldier, he invariably bolts awake far too soon, cold and heavy and terrified he’s still underwater.
home to
sleep,” she adds when Toni opens her mouth, flint-eyed, “because he is exhausted and you are a trainwreck. There will be
Bucky sighs against her shoulder blades, forehead tucked into the back of her neck, and the arms around her waist tighten. “Do you know where you are?”
Suddenly bashful, she ducks her head, feels her cheeks reddening, is absolutely horrified that she’s reduced to being awkward and shy. “You know me,” she says lightly. “Never been able to not advertise.” She raises a hand, letting the glove portion flow into the wristplates, baring her hands, and smooths her palm over the chevrons. “You look good in it. Like I should feel bad about debasing a national icon with my widely-reported debauch lifestyle.”
She pulls his head away from hers, and stares up at him with eyes gone deep and dark. There’s a flush high in her cheeks that spills down her neck and chest. Her eyes flick to his mouth, and she licks her lips with a quick dart of her tongue. “Yeah, bed,” she says, in a tone that makes it crystal clear it isn’t sleep she’s thinking about, and his chest aches like she just socked him in the ribs with the suit on. “That’s
And Miko, gorgeous glorious Miko, whose artwork I literally leapt on the chance of writing for, once again. Much love! Looking forward to jumping on your art again next year, babe. :)
“Right. Sorry.” The smirk is back, but it’s weirdly reassuring. “I’m done, I swear. Quiet as a church mouse. Cross my heart, if I didn’t think shifting position again wouldn’t pop that vein above your right eye.”
“No,” he says tightly, hands fisting at his sides as he spins on his heel and starts pacing back the way he came, even though it’s not doing a damn thing but feeding the restlessness. “Yes. I don’t know.”
Natasha reaches out a hand, strokes it through his hair, strokes down the back of his neck until stopped by the edge of his tactical vest. “I know,” she murmurs, knowing that Clint is far more likely to smother Toni to death in hugs and fussing than inflicting any pain on her. “And she’ll deserve it.”
Clint snorts, and the legs of his chair bang down on the floor as he drops his feet from the rail. “No need to fight over who gets to go first,” he says. “I’m sure there’ll be more than enough goons for everyone to have their fun.”
“On my way in,” Clint says quietly and the earpiece clicks off.
herself to go faster. The distance between them closes rapidly, and she stretches out a hand, brain crunching the shifting physics of how close this is really going to be. The ground’s getting awfully close. She’s not going to get him in time to get back into the sky. The best she can hope to do is snag him, slow their fall as much as she can, and then take the brunt of the rest herself. The armor should hold. She hopes.
Suddenly, he’s angry. Not the out-of-control, reckless anger of last week, not the fight-or-die rage from yesterday’s assault. This is deep and smouldering and completely in his control. “Yeah, alright,” he says. “But this conversation ain’t done. Sooner or later, you’re going to run out of shit to do for other people, and you’re going to have to do something for yourself for a change.”
to help. But before he can do more than reach a hand for Toni’s shoulder, Natasha’s face breaks into a scowl.
“You two,” Steve says, and Toni doesn't need to look at him to see the smile spreading across his face from ear to ear. She can hear it just fine in his voice. “Come here?” He holds out a hand to each of them. “After all that, I need to hold you both.”
He learns to get used to a disembodied voice talking to him at odd moments. Learns that JARVIS is his own person. Learns that there’s nothing JARVIS wouldn’t do to protect Toni, who created him. Learns that he wholeheartedly approves of this purpose.
“Mark VII will complete in thirty seconds. The diagnostic will finish in two minutes. Backtrace has isolated a SHIELD frequency Triskelion servers classify as reserved for STRIKE operations. I am scanning the tri-state area via Starkcom satellites for other active devices using that frequency. Both the Red Queen and the House Party protocols are error free. How would you like me to proceed?”
, as he strips her again, but it's four in the afternoon. Even after all that strenuous activity, he's not the least bit tired. So he kisses her neck, untangles her octopus grip and makes sure she's comfortable and warm. It does sappy things to his heart when her hand snatches his pillow from his side of the bed, and buries her face in it with a contented purr.
Bucky nods. “And Steve,” he says, and gives into the nearly mindless desire to press his hands into his soulmarks. The restlessness vanishes, and now he can feel it more clearly, through the wash of sensations he can’t recognize. “Both of ‘em. They’re... ” Hope unfurls, sudden and sharp, in his chest. His own hope, wary but bright. “I gotta go,” he says abruptly, lifting his head to stare at them. He isn’t exactly sure what they’re seeing in his face, because his expression sure as fuck feels wobbly to him, but Coulson looks faintly pleased, and both Rhodey and Carol are grinning widely at him. “Fuck, I gotta go.”
Toni starts. “What? No. I’m 32.”
See you next time! There will be more plot. :)
Toni’s hand slides up his back again, her other hand wrapped around a mug of steaming, creamy coffee. “You with me?” she murmurs.
“That’s not my name!” Tony calls helpfully back.
. The business, the title, the cushy penthouse office. The properties in Europe. The manor. His workshop.
“Love you too,” he says, and stays there, staring at the cup until long after he’s heard the sound of her car engine fade into the distance.
After the events of the first Civil War event, a grief-mad Scarlet Witch wishes for there to be "no more mutants" and there aren't, until Hope Summers, the Mutant Messiah, is born. In Avengers vs. X-Men, the Phoenix Force returns to Earth, presumably for Hope. Scott Summers and the mutants on Genosha, what few are left, are hoping it's come back to spark mutant births anew. The Avengers, led by Tony and Steve, aren't so sure, because one of the things a Phoenix is really good at is fucking shit up on a planetary scale. Tony builds a suit to take the Phoenix down, but accidentally splits it into five pieces, which empower Scott Summers, Emma Frost, Illyana and Piotr Rasputin, and Namor, who become tyrants and despots. They're defeated, eventually. Wanda and Hope together wish for No More Phoenix, and the Phoenix Force disperses across the Earth, begins reawakening mutations in depowered mutants.
a place we should go.”
“And then Obadiah fucking Stane broke her to pieces. SHIELD had already snatched me up. Apparently, being the soulmate of a really fucking rich businesswoman while also having the exact skills a covert organization needs for assassins is a thing they jumped at. I wasn’t even fucking home when she got taken, you know. I was in Beirut on some bullshit assignment. I heard about it two weeks after it happened. Cos fuck a soulmate needing to know their other half is missing. Why would I fucking need to know?”
“I think you're making a mistake, Director,” he says. “I find her a little high-strung, but overall pleasant and cooperative.” He shrugs. “I told her she would make a good agent. I'm usually right about those kinds of things. You just have to find the right approach.”
“Surely not I,” Thor says innocently, and laughs at Quill's squawk of indignation.
“The serum slows the aging process,” Fennhoff says. “It’s a miracle of medicine. Erskine, for all his treachery, was a brilliant mind.”
She collapses onto the couch. “Three hours, J. Mute until then.” She closes her eyes, hopes she can actually sleep for three hours. Isn’t banking on it though. She’s sure the nightmares will wake her up long before JARVIS’s alarm does.
She’s still armed. They didn’t search her.
Bucky slumps against her back again and his arms loosen, but stay around her waist. “Kay,” he mumbles.
She pulls back, eyes him skeptically. He can’t really blame her. “Why?”
one foot in the grave already. We should pick out a casket before you just up and die. Shower, that way. Move it.”
Doesn’t know who they’re talking to. Can’t focus. Can’t think. Can’t stay awake.
Toni slinks back into the elevator, punches the floor her workshop is on, fetches a hand trolley and loads up the three heavy trunks sitting by the wall just inside the door. She should have remembered who she was dealing with. Bribery is never just an option, it’s a valid fucking negotiation tactic.
to kill people before, certainly. I
He freezes mid-air as his name crackles through the comms. Kate's voice. He scans quickly until he spots her on the deck, waving up at him.
As soon as he feels ready to use his legs again, he turns and dips his fingers in the font of holy water mounted on the wall beside the door and blesses himself, then moves to the first pew before the small altar and settles onto the hard wooden seat. He lays his sketchbook and pencil box aside and reaches down to carefully drop the kneeler to the floor. He inches forward until he’s kneeling on it, settles his elbows onto the padded support and bows his head behind his clasped hands.
She swears, spins and drops to a knee for stability, hands up in a firing pose. Van number one is barreling back down the road towards them. Van number two, dented and crunched, belches smoke from its hood, but two of its occupants are crawling out of the wreckage. Van three, now back in the driver’s control, brakes hard on the shoulder on the opposite side of the road.
“We’re here,” comes a voice she’s only ever heard on the old news reels, and a cool hand touches her forehead as another one takes her hand. “We’re not going to let you disappear, Toni.”
Something she didn’t know, though? Russia
Kobik flickers and fades, moving closer to him. Holds out her hand.
She recognizes the song when the brief spike of panic ebbs, and then it’s just murder in her heart. “Seek & Destroy” is Rhodey’s song.
. If you think this is psychosis, you better
and of course they should send in SEAL teams for that.
The armor shifts, flattens, angles, streamlines as Toni makes a desperate dive for Steve’s falling form. The idiot is laughing his goddamn head off, arms and legs spread to provide drag against the wind. She isn’t sure, though, if that’s to give her extra seconds to catch up, or because he wants to make the dive last longer.
Toni glances back over her shoulder at him, rolls her eyes, disappears head and shoulders into the weapons locker again. “Goddammit,” she grumbles. “I lose more boyfriends to my personal arsenal. I’ve gotta stop whipping it out so readily, learn to preserve the mystery.”
Knows somewhere deep inside that asthma attacks happen like that.
Helen gives her a small smile. “There’s a lot of delicate work to be done there. It was a judgement call. I assumed you’d want your complete flexibility and dexterity back.”
“You can’t have him back,” Steve spits, and cruelty paints his face in garish lines as he seizes Tony’s wrists with a grip hard enough to hurt. “Your Steve is gone, Stark. I’m all that’s left.”
“Awesome.” Clint grins faintly, bumps his fist against Bucky’s. “I will, of course,” he adds, “still kill you if you fuck it up.”
“Of fucking course not,” she mutters, and lifts her hands to pull at the seals of her flight suit. Blessedly, there are seals on both sides, meaning she can just drag the material down and let gravity do the work. She peels back the skintight fabric all the way to her waist, exposing her scarred chest, modesty preserved by a sports bra. “Take a goddamn good look,” she says, and her hands fall back into her lap.
“Shut up,” he mutters, then turns to glare at Carol and Rhodey with the same gimlet eye. “It wasn’t a fair fight.”
It’s one of the most endearing quirks he loves about Toni. Complex problems that have his head spinning and the panic rising, she takes in stride, completely confident and in control. Simple stuff baffles her, throws her off, sends her into a panic spiral when she realizes she doesn’t have a handle on it. It’s yet another reason he thinks they’d be good together, if only he could unglue his tongue from the top of his mouth to say something to her, like Clint keeps nagging him to do.
until he’s taken them all apart, cleaned them to his satisfaction, probably test-fired them if he can find the range. “Yeah. Why?”
Agent 1 flies right, crunches into the wall, denting the wall outward with a loud clang. Agent 2 crashes forward right through the space between the bucket seats, arm slapping the head of the driver. The van rocks violently as the driver jerks and flinches instinctively, fights for control of the vehicle.
“I read the SHIELD file,” Natasha says. “A lot of deep cover ops got blown. Director Stoner must have been upset.”
He doesn’t mind pencil and charcoal on his skin anyway. It reminds him of better times. It reminds him to be careful and take his time lest he ruin his work, which is a lesson he thinks the world forgot somewhere along the way.
Toni jerks out of her chair and punches the air. “I am a genius!” she cries, then bends to lay a sloppy, close-mouthed kiss on the screen. “JARVIS, you beautiful, brilliant creature, you! Don’t you worry, bucko. Mommy’s going to buy you a brand new house, and you’ll have all the space you need.”
“Regrettably, I cannot. Captain Rogers wished to keep the purpose of his outing in confidence.”
Я рада, что ты жива - I'm happy you live (Kudos to Ai_2005 for corrections)
Clint eyes him, clearly skeptical. “What changed?”
to him. He’s not wired for this shit. He’s not meant to be a leader. He’s the guy who follows right behind the leader. The lieutenant. Damned good at making sure shit gets done, but not the guy who comes up with the plans.
"You got it, boss," she says, feeling the relief wash over raw nerves and violent instincts. "J, give the man what he needs."
The door in the kitchen opens and then closes again, and everything is silent. Bucky leans his head back against the wall and closes his eyes. Just for a second, he contemplates rushing right back to his room, make sure Toni’s still where he left her, still asleep, still safe. He knows it’s irrational, because JARVIS would have said something if she was awake, or injured, or under attack.
Helen releases her after performing a few basic tests to check her pain and functional range, but privately Toni thinks Helen’s just looking for an excuse to get Pepper alone. She grins knowingly at Helen as she leaves, winks salaciously at Pepper, and blithely ignores Pepper’s return glare.
When she wakes up again, she’s in the living room tucked under Clint’s chin, wrapped in a blanket. His arms are loose around her, with a game controller snug against her hip. “Morning, dear,” he says distractedly. The black eye has faded to yellow and purple, which means it looks way worse than it actually is. “Sleep well?”
Awareness surges, recognition screams, triumph blares trumpets in her head. Something lightning-bright and blazing-hot and almost-visible snaps into place between them, and it
the ridiculous amount of money we pay them, since I end up fixing all their numerous fuck-ups. I don’t have
“Play the video, J,” Toni says, and her shoulders tighten.
after all. “Maybe you should kiss me again, just to make sure.”
She’s fixing her hoop earrings in her ears, wiggling everything into place in the cramped confines of the back seat when the car slows down. She glances up, meets the driver’s eyes in the rearview mirror, and apprehension crawls down her spine. He looks
“You can talk to me,” he says softly. “I’m not going to run back to your father to tattle. He might expect me to do that, but fuck him, Toni. You’re my best friend, as weird and crabby and big a pain in my ass as you are. He doesn’t get shit from me unless you want him to.”
“Shit,” Clint says, more wonder than apology, and settles into place. “Jesus, Steve. Why didn’t you say anything? I thought you just wanted to bang her. I didn’t realize you were head over ass in love with her.”
The right side of her chest starts
There’s an uncommon tremor in his hands as he hesitantly lifts them to frame Steve’s face, tentatively brush through Steve’s hair. He’s dreamed of this, off and on from the time he was twelve and formed a desperate crush on that poster still on his wall back in the manor. He’s pushed this down time and again since they found Steve in the ice, because he’s never felt he could measure up to the kind of person Steve deserves, no matter how hard he tries.
“This is the only self I’ve got! You can’t take it, fine! Don’t take it! Just run back to your fake soulmate already. You think you can fix me, make me better’n him.” He watches every flinch, every twitch, every blink, and something dark and twisted and knotted revels in the hurt and the pain he’s inflicting. “You’re too fucking stupid to realize that you can’t fix everything.  I don’t fuckin’ want you to fix me. It’s
“Good kid, J. Thank you.”
, now she's glowing too. “You're hosting the Phoenix Force. You know what kind of threat that makes you.”
“If you didn’t want to go to dinner,” Clint says, eyes flooding with relief, “you could have just
it happened that bothered me, Tony,” he says. “It was how Rogers
Steve takes a long, deep breath and lets it out like a man coming to a decision. “I’m going to kill them all,” he says, matter-of-fact. Water is wet, the sky is blue, Steve Rogers will destroy Hydra.
For someone who got her family’s company out of weapons design as soon as she took it over, Toni’s got an awful lot of guns. Pistols and rifles of every stripe, every size, right from six-shooters all the way up to futuristic-looking weapons made of plastic and branded with the Stark Industries logo. And not just guns, either. Combat knives and throwing knives and darts. A miniature tower of ammo tins.
Go another direction. He’s not in red-and-gold in the fist fight. He’s in the War Machine armor. Why the hell is he in the War Machine armor?
“I’m going to sell you to Bill Gates,” Toni promises, then groans in protest when JARVIS displays the map anyway. “You never do what I tell you to do, J. Dammit, I programmed you better than this.”
“Stark, what is it?” Carter looms in front of her, is suddenly all concern and worry and human emotions. “Is it the palladium poisoning? What did you have for lunch? Did you brush up against anyone you didn’t know?”
“Your name is Toni.” His voice is harsh, guttural, rusty. And he reaches out for her again.
It’s stupid, it’s so stupid, it’s just a shield… but it’s a shield wrapped up in his self-identity, one of the few things he has left to tie him to his old life. It’s saved his life so many times, it actually feels like a physical blow, a solid punch in the chest, to think of it being gone forever.
“Yes ma’am?”
Maybe Clint or Natasha could steal a quinjet? Shit, no, she’s not supposed to know about their affiliation with SHIELD, and she sure as hell doesn’t want SHIELD to know about Captain Kill slung over her shoulder. She has Clint’s loyalty, she knows that, she’s had it for years. She has Natasha’s too, though that’s more recent and not as solidly built. But she doesn’t like or trust the folks who sign their
She can do it. She has to do it. Goddammit, it’s gonna suck, though.
There are hundreds of self-help books about soulmates, but she's pretty sure not one of them covers carrying the ice-cold marks of a semi-mythical superhuman her father's in love with who drowned during World War II, and a tall ghost with black hair and greasepaint that may or may not have been a figment of her imagination.
He shoots her a pointed look over his shoulder. “I know which one Rhodey would tell me is the smarter of the two options. So that's the one I'm hoping we can agree is the right choice.”
She’s stable enough to shuffle back down the hall by herself, as long as she uses the wall, so she bids Natasha goodnight and makes her way back to her room. She doesn’t turn around to look, but she knows Natasha’s watching her from the door of the bathroom. She’s also pretty sure that Clint’s lurking in the ventilation system somewhere, also keeping an eye on her.
and she’s letting Clint help her out of her dress back in their hotel room, roll off her absolutely destroyed stockings and wash her makeup off. Rhodey’s in the other room of the suite, getting his weapons out, making apologies to the host of the charity auction over the phone. Toni can’t talk Rhodey out of sitting vigil all night. She gives up trying, because the Vicodin reduces her need to care about anything.
“Yes, ma’am,” JARVIS says. “I am receiving several error messages from the diagnostic, ma’am. Manor sensor systems are damaged in several key areas, notably the gymnasium, the den, and the kitchen.”
He learns to interpret the vague, fuzzy sensations that resonate in his soulmark. Learns the hum that means Toni’s happy. Learns the dull ache that means she’s upset. The angry buzz that means irritation, which is different from the angry buzz when she’s contemplating murder. Learns when she’s tired, or hungry, or aroused. Learns to listen to the pulse of their bond before he’s even conscious when he wakes up in the middle of the night or the middle of the morning, in her bed -- which has become
Toni nods a little. “Cos if it isn’t Fury, then who? That occurred to me too, when Phil said it wasn’t greenlit on or off the books.” She pauses, then says quietly, “I came really close to losing my shit today, Clint. Like, really, really close.”
If I see her in another hospital bed with bruises that match your hands or weapons, I am not going to give a single, merrily-flying fuck about mind control or magic spells or alien shapeshifters from another fucking galaxy. I will kill you, and because you both heal insanely fast, I will do so
of the finest pieces of technology I have ever made.”
In Civil War II, Captain Marvel starts pre-emptively fighting crime by listening to Ulysses, a newly-minted Inhuman with the ability to predict the future (at least, that's what it looks like at first blush). Tony objects, because we shouldn't arrest people for things they might do. Carol persists anyway, and the mission she undertakes with her Ultimates results in Rhodey's death and Jennifer Walters' being crippled and nearly killed. Tony keeps challenging Carol's certainty that Ulysses is seeing a definite future instead of what science tells him (Ulysses has the ability to crunch numbers and see
bristles with heavily armed SHIELD troops who open fire on them the second they're in maximum range. They can't have any hope of getting more than a really lucky shot at this distance, but Tony's disgruntled when it does a fine job of breaking their formation as they dodge incoming projectiles.
He returns day after day, finding his way through the twisting labyrinth of the Triskelion’s corridors in the middle of the night, early in the morning, sometimes several times in the course of a few hours. He never stays very long, usually just long enough to clear his head and sit in silence and solitude, but finds his feet bringing him back again and again.
“No,” he gets out through clenched teeth. “Spent too much time under. Bad enough I let you stick a paralytic in me.”
(“Careful,” Pepper says in her ear.)
The kid who he knows is him.
Pepper shoves another bottle of the world’s worst energy drinks into her hands after cracking the top. Toni makes a face, but doesn’t argue, because she’s still got a hollow, gnawing feeling in her stomach that she’d really like to not get worse. She drains it as quickly as she can, trying not to notice the taste and failing completely.
He’s sitting in the boardroom, in yet another interminably boring meeting with Coulson, trying to keep his eyes from crossing. He absolutely does not begrudge Steve and Toni having their time out in Malibu, because if two people
Yeah, okay, he’s lying through his teeth to himself, and that’s more than a little sad. But three emails from people who ostensibly have little to no communication with each other asking about his dating situation and specifically mentioning Toni have left him wholly rattled and off-balance.
Before she can do anything but glare and open her mouth, the shrieking groan of stressed metal makes Tony turn his head, and he yelps in reflex, dodging out of the way as the refrigerator flies out of the kitchen through the wall, and crashes into Kobik. Like a pissed-off storm deity, Lehnsherr floats into the air behind it, arms crossed intimidatingly.
He drops into a dive, arms spread like repulsors are guiding him, attention focused on the blue and white and red of Steve's uniform, trusting anyone in his path who's on his side to get out of his way. As he drops parallel with the deck and levels into horizontal flight again, he gathers his telepathy like a fist and shoves it in a psychic punch at Steve a second before he impacts Steve’s side with his shoulder.
rationale, “when Extremis neutralized the Phoenix infection, it created antibodies against it which have the nifty side effect of mimicking the abilities the Phoenix gives its hosts. Which you would know, if you’d done the suggested reading.”
It doesn’t look like the lair of a villain, but Steve supposes he wouldn’t know what that looks like anyway. Maybe all would-be world destroyers had skyscrapers in New York City. His team parks on the rooftop of the high rise across the street from Stark Tower, and sets up surveillance. He doesn't know all of their names, and that bothers him, a little. If this is his team, he should know them by name.
“Purrs like a kitten,” Phil replies, frowns a little as he recalls the distressed noise she made when he turned her security system on. Inspiration blooms, fights with Phil’s protective knee-jerk reaction, and wins. It’s calculated, a gamble, but Phil’s pretty sure he’s got the read right. Toni isn’t a businesswoman at heart. She’s a mechanic. There’s only one of Lola in the world, and there’s proprietary Starktech under her hood. This might just be a little like dangling candy in front of a baby. “Actually, while I’m here, can I ask a personal favor?”
“I…” he says, and trails off when his voice comes out like it normally does, which is
. I give no fucks how hot you are.”
With a mild tinge of regret, he tucks his tablet back into his jacket's inner pocket and straightens again. “Thank you, Paula,” he says, taking a quick peek at the brass nameplate on her desk. He glances at the closed doors leading to the inner office and hesitates a moment. “I don't suppose you can give me any hint as to her mood this morning?”
Toni thinks, and gets the same kind of grin Rhodey would recognize, Rhodey would shudder at, Rhodey would feel a primal shock of fear at, down in the corner of his mind that echoes with the sounds of a maniacal whirring and a brutally-murdered kitchen appliance screaming its last.
Tony tries not to tense up, and fails miserably. “Good old Carol,” he says, more than a little bitter. “Beating me into a coma clearly didn't help her resolve her issues.” He sighs again. “Okay, Steve. Say she's not wrong, mostly because she isn't. What happens now?”
she says with a scowl.
“See?” Bucky says, thick with emotion. “No one gets lost under the others. Told ya.”
(“It’s unusual for a child so young to have them,
is the evidence of a successful Turing test. Because only the self-aware, only
Rhodey runs a hand down his face. “More of the same, Tones. They want to take apart the suits, put them back together, keep us away from ‘outside influence not contracted by the military’.” He makes air quotes with his fingers. “I told them that, after the Hammer disaster, I’ll let the suit fall to pieces around me before I let anyone but you fiddle with it.” Toni feels a lump form in her throat. She knows all of this, trusts in all of it, has faith in Rhodey and Carol’s friendship, but it’s quite another thing to hear it in a room full of her friends.
“No,” she counters, stooping to grab a towel from the bench beside the mat. “What got my attention was
“It's not anything like that, Pepper,” Toni says. “It… they're…”
Nearly 100% fluff, nearly 100% pure Stoni, even at a slow burn.
She laughs, and it hurts, and it trails off into a hiss of pain. Which then deepens into a groan as she hears the slow shuffle of someone swimming back to consciousness on the floor. “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me. How is he
He sighs faintly and shakes his head, runs both hands through his hair restlessly. He knows that person has to be Steve, because it’s always been Steve. Even when they found themselves on opposite sides of an argument, he could never really doubt that Steve knew what he was doing, and was doing it according to his Boy Scout code of honor, for the right reasons.
She sets the folders down on the table and picks up the binder. She’s already flipped through it once, but does so again now. “So he, what, wants me to be the benefactor until he can get his house in order? Cos I don’t do that, Phil. I won’t do that. If I do this, it’s my way.”
“Then take a break, Toni. Get some sleep. You’ve earned it.”
Good. That gives him time.
He doesn’t pray, he doesn’t have the mental coherence right now to frame anything that formal. He doesn’t think God will particularly mind. He’s fairly sure the Almighty will suss out his relief and gratitude no matter how ineloquently he’s expressing it. He can feel the tension draining out of his shoulders, feel that horrible, terrible burden lessening from his body. Finally feels something akin to a connection in this waking nightmare he’s found himself in.
you never see me really snap. Tell Coulson to extract Hawkeye and Black Widow from whatever ass-end of creation Fury’s got them squirreled out of the way, or I’ll come get them myself.” Toni releases Carter and steps away as Carter curls in on herself, coughing harshly. “JARVIS, get me the Mark VI. I’m going home. Now.”
breaks you."
“I don’t… don’t remember.” Though maybe he does. Dark hair, big eyes,
He jerks away from her, spins on a heel, feeling like he’s careening towards a cliff and the brakes are gone. “You utter, fuckin’ stupid goddamn moron,” he snarls, angry and vicious. “Do you even realize what you just fuckin’ did? I’m never going to be myself. I’m fucking
She overhears a conversation weeks later, Uncle Obie congratulating Daddy on streamlining the circuitry on the new warheads, they just made a bundle of cash with the new military tech, and how did he solve the problems with enhancing the connectivity speed, since he said it couldn’t be done?
“Be Steve’s friend, Tony,” Clint says tonelessly, from just under his feet.
Clint's eyes focus with frightening speed. “Jack Flag is dead,” he says. “Something went completely tits up on a mission he and Free Spirit were running with Cap in Bagalia. He ended up in a coma, and never came out.”
Toni isn’t allowed to approach the podium without an earpiece in her ear, because Pepper’s just that kind of control freak. If Toni’s being honest, she’s grateful to have Pepper’s directions to guide her, because she’s been in sleep debt for so long, she’d probably just lay down on the stage and go to sleep if left to her own devices.
Toni blinks at him, frozen with her mouth open in a slight O of surprise. “Okay,” she says slowly. “I thought… No, it doesn’t matter what I thought. But I will say this: I’ll own the shit that I’m guilty for, but I’m
Odin waited until Frigga had closed the door, quietly, then took her gently by the arm and closed her hand in his. “How is she?”
The woman opens her mouth, but Rhodey’s suddenly there, clearing his throat nervously, wrapping his protective one-armed hug around the woman’s shoulders. “Toni, this is Carol. She’s my soulmate.”
In his cocoon, he dreams.
, but the heat of her sex sears his cock, makes it jump, makes it ache, even through the double layer of sweat pants between them.
“Stevie,” Bucky says. “You’re seriously gonna run from this?”
Plus, his arm is still dead. So there’s that.
She snaps out of it when JARVIS wrenches control away and slams her speed down, slows to something approaching survivable for a human being. Screams at him to give her back control. Hears the unstable shrieking as it bounces off the helm. Hears herself.
“Thanks, J,” she murmurs, eyes still closed and bent under the spray. She hears the door out in the suite open, footsteps that come in and pause.
He doesn’t even try to feel anything but resigned when his aimless sketches start turning into a portrait of Toni, frazzled and with her hands in her hair. He’s given up trying to stop drawing her.
It doesn’t amaze her anymore how many people think that plain old Toni Stark, no suit, no tech, no weapons, is an easy target. She's used to people underestimating her, keeps it as a variable in her threat calculations. She's no supersoldier. She isn't a highly trained operative. She isn't even a regular gun-toting government agent. Plain, old, civilian Toni Stark isn't a threat without her suit.
-------
She loses, of course, because she was always going to lose. It wasn’t her best day of fighting, but it wasn’t a bad one either, and she knows she gave it at least 75%. Steve, on the other hand, might have cracked 30% of the best he is capable of giving, and that’s being generous with her estimates. But she’s happy anyway. She held her own, got in a couple of brilliantly timed if occasionally lucky shots, and has purged the remnants of the anxiety and fear out of her system.
She chuckles, leans up and kisses his cheek, then hunches back down where it's warm. “You say the sweetest things, Rhodey.”
She’s too busy: Star Solutions Inc. is approaching its fifth year in business, and business is
For a moment, she thought he would argue, or decree it anyway, bedamned her decision, but the fire of rage in his eye went out before it could do more than smoulder up from embers. His sigh was resigned. “I will not fight you, Frigga,” Odin said tiredly, “for I know far too well I will only lose. But I cannot ignore these events either. What would you have us do, if not sending her to the Valkyries?”
. Were they not the remains of Captain Rogers?”
“Miss Potts is here, ma’am,” JARVIS says, jolting her from her doze. “With your clothes and your coffee.”
“I have three lawyers read to Level 5 clearance,” Toni points out. “That’s a level higher than my official clearance.”
He stops mid-chew, the sweetness of the tomato suddenly tasting sour and ashy, and his fingers feel numb around the phone. Some distant voice in the back of his head is telling him that he should put the phone down now, because there is absolutely nothing good that will come from this. But that voice is drowning under the tidal wave of rage and hurt screaming through his brain.
“I love you too, honey,” Clint says from above her, and she glances up to see him sliding back the cover of the vent. She doesn't even ask, because she's long since learned that if there is a vent, Clint will explore it. His head disappears, to be replaced by his feet, and he drops down on top of the desk, and hops to the floor. He bends down to kiss her, then pulls a lint roller out of his pocket and starts running it over his sober, black jacket. His eyes never leave hers, and his contented little smile never drops.
Not done yet!
Toni growls. “Gates is too good for you. You’re going straight to Google, you hear me? Let’s see how you enjoy being a cluster server for captcha processing. It was
A shiver jerks through his body, rocking him towards her. “Jesus Christ,” he says helplessly. “That’s really fuckin’ not fair.” With the movements of a man doing something against his better judgement, he slides under the covers and lays on his back, tense and staring at the ceiling.
“I have terrible influences in my life,” he replies, mild as milk, and straightens. “Terrible, thoroughly corruptive influences. Not that I’m complaining, mind.”
“I know,” Toni says gently, and she leans in to kiss his forehead. His hand fists around her shirt, and she stills again, but her hand continues that steady stroke up and down his back. “You still with me?”
The itching suddenly spikes in intensity, and it feels like a swarm of angry bees buzzing just under her skin. Tony gasps and jerks, clawing at her chest, ripping aside the neck of her tee-shirt and
“That’s a shame. If you didn’t hate me, I’d tell you that there’s a pint of Ben & Jerry’s in the freezer for you.”
Phil’s first appointment is with Toni Stark, bright and early Monday morning.
Tony’s flying alone, and it feels bizarre without the armor encasing him. Once again, he’s given a wide berth, but at least now he’s feeling it might be because the raptor anima around him is kind of big and kind of burning. It’s a silly, stupid thought, but he wonders if any other fire-based fliers have ever had people steer clear of their flight paths. He should ask Johnny Storm, next time he sees him.
Except… that’s not entirely right. Her Masters of Metaphysics more focused on physical data, measurable brain waves and observable phenomena, efforts to define the soulbond in quantifiable ways, because she’s a scientist at heart, not a philosopher. Extrapolations of quantum mechanics and multiverse theory. Hard numbers to point at, theories grounded in proven science. But her coursework, absorbed in a single semester, her masters thesis written in a frenzied week of too little sleep and too much coffee, often verged into the unquantifiable, the nigh-supernatural. Emotional syncing. Psychic links. Transfer of abilities and skills. Psychological effects that were as hard to prove as the existence of God. The rare twists, the unique cases she ultimately disregarded as outliers that only skewed data analysis.
----------
Tony’s eyebrows crawl into his hairline, and he immediately forgets what’s on his workbench and the holo-schedule floating above it, and gives Steve his complete attention. “What do you need, Cap?”
And it
Natasha sighs faintly, and stares off for a moment, gaze unfocused and distant. “In some ways, not as bad as I was when Clint brought me home,” she says finally. “In others, he's worse. The bond seems to have broken through most of the programming, but it’s not a magic cure-all, and there’s still a lot of work to do. Memories and experiences to sort through. To learn to deal with. It will be rough.” She squeezes Toni’s hand tightly, smiles in reassurance. “We’ll get through it.”
Learns that she wants him, learns that she craves his touch. Learns that he wants her too, but that he’s afraid he’ll hurt her. He learns that she will never say anything about it, will never push. Learns she’s waiting until he trusts himself enough to do more than curl around her and sleep tangled together.
She reels backwards, crying out in shock as the faceplate dents inwards, cracking her uncomfortably in the teeth. The taste of blood floods her mouth, and she feels at her lip automatically with the tip of her tongue, finding a split.
“It helps,” Steve says with great patience, once again attempting to not break his pencil, “if you sit still.”
Carol pokes Rhodey until he digs a pen out of his pocket and hands it over. “Let them protest,” she says, bending over the coffee table and scrawling her signature on the charter. “It’ll give me a great opportunity to kick over the anthill and watch them all scramble.”
Steve makes a noise, shifts a leg, and hauls Tony into him more securely, and what’s left of Tony’s ability to think rationally vanishes under a deluge of Steve’s aggressively broadcasting train of thought:
I decided to throw this out there: you guys can decide the content of the next chapter.
He learns about Toni Stark purely by accident, but can’t get the name out of his mind once it’s gotten a toehold into his thoughts. Howard Stark hadn’t been a close friend -- he’d barely known the guy, if he’s being honest -- but he’s something Steve can grab onto, clutch like a lifeline to his past. Toni’s been raised by people he knows. Knew. People he
She doesn't ask why, she doesn't make a smartass comment, she doesn't dig out a snappy one-liner. All she says is, “I'm shielded. Suit is hardened against disruption.”
Toni nods, still grinning. “I’ll be up in a minute. Just let me put stuff away down here first.”
He’s winded as he races down the long, long hall. Not because of the physical exertion, but because his lungs seize with every step. He instinctively knows he has the stamina to run for hours without getting tired, but he’s gasping and wheezing like an old man by the time he finds an elevator. He bends over, hands on his knees, head hanging low. He’s trying to catch his breath, but it’s elusive. He can’t find the rhythm, can’t figure out how to pull oxygen into his lungs.
Time passes. Toni isn’t sure how much. She loses track of everything; time, herself, her thoughts. For the first time in a very long time, her head doesn’t chatter with designs and ideas, bits of song, lightning-bright innovations and sharp snarky one-liners. She’s so used to having a constant feed of information cheerfully steamrolling across her synapses that the still, grey quiet physically hurts.
For the first time, she seems to see him, take in his expression, his posture, the tension in his shoulders. She blinks and a hand touches her soulmark lightly. “Jesus, that’s what that is,” she murmurs, and raises her eyes to his. “What’s wrong, James?”
“I really must object, ma’am. Should the Winter Soldier be tasked with your death—”
She rubs her face with the palms of her hands. “God, I really want to go, you have no fucking idea how much I just want to blow that compound the fuck off the face of the earth. But I can’t, because if I do, whoever comes home will look like me and talk like me and will probably even build shiny shit for my friends… but it won’t be me. So I stay here.”
Three Days Grace - "Animal I Have Become"
A frayed nerve snaps. "I need someone to handle me right now, Phil!" she yells, "Because I cannot fucking handle myself! I trust you to call it! You bring my people home to me all the fucking time! Right now? I need you to bring
Toni reaches down, tucks the blanket more securely around him, and smirks. “Nah. I’ve always heard, ‘if you love something, let it go. If it bounces, it’s a wizard. If it’s road pizza, it was never meant to be’.”
He stands for a long time in front of the armor, running his palm across shiny gold and gleaming red, trying to swallow past the lump of emotion solidified in his throat. “I am Iron Man,” he says softly, and it still rings true, because it always will as far as he’s concerned, but it doesn’t feel as solid as it used to.
“I won’t ask,” Toni says. “You fly?”
“Go the fuck away,” he snarls, dark and possessive and angry.
Carter just shrugs. “That may be, Stark,” she says, “but they don’t own the company or design the tech. You do. As far as the relationship between SHIELD and Stark Industries goes, you are effectively Level 8.”
“Whatever you need, солнышко,” says Natasha, and her thumbs smooth over Toni’s cheeks. “we are here.”
The world goes very, very quiet, except for a loud ringing in her ears, and a deep, abiding fury that builds and builds and builds in her chest until it feels like she’s going to explode. That’s when Bucky practically breaks the door down, stalking in and demanding to know why Toni’s so upset he can feel it from three floors away.
Eventually, a chime dings softly, which Fitz has learned is JARVIS’s version of clearing his throat. “Pardon, Dr. Fitz, but an encrypted email has just arrived for you from Malibu. It is flagged as an urgent matter.”
She closes her eyes briefly. God, spare her from the horrors of socializing right now. She’s so not in the mood. “Surprise party, huh? You don’t usually ruin those.”
He turns completely around, slow and careful, scanning for … anything, anything at all, that can help him out of this predicament. Off in the distance, the ruined spires of the Blue City are just barely visible, and it’s an embarrassingly long time before he realizes exactly where he is. The Blue Area. Artificially created to mimic Earthlike conditions. He’s not dying of oxygen deprivation because
Coulson folds his arms and just watches her steadily. “Not in so many words, no,” he says, “but he made it clear his office was bugged. He couldn’t say so directly. But I understood what he meant.”
“It happened,” Peggy says softly. “To the first Captain America. Steve, he died almost seventy years ago.
It’s raining, the morning of the burial, and it seems fitting somehow. Not that Toni believes in poetic and maudlin bullshit like
Keeping his breathing quiet and steady, Bucky swiftly crosses to where he left his phone and swipes it unlocked. He types out a rapid text to Toni, tries to send it, can’t get a connection. Swears softly, tries to call. No signal.
and saved the world from a goddamn army of knock-off Iron Maidens
Toni’s expression grows more rueful and guilty. “Ah well,” she says sheepishly, rubbing the back of her neck. “There goes my surprise.”
“I’m picking up an open comm channel,” JARVIS says suddenly, and now there’s a different note in his voice, slightly upbeat pleasantry replaced with cool efficiency. “Sir, it appears to be a frequency used by the Avengers, specifically, the multichannel ma’am uses while flying.”
fucking Hydra, honestly, but I had to push the year forward. You have a new social, and excellent credit. Your job history is mostly Stark Industries, but I kept the first couple of years of your service intact, just made them overseas. After that, SI’s security division. It’s what was easiest, since I own the damn place. Your taxes have been retro-filed. School records too, extrapolated from what I could find from the 40s. For all intents and purposes, James Buchanan Barnes is a real, legal, modern person.”
With effort, Fitz flips himself onto his back and drags his Starkpad off his bedside table. “Yes, please,” he mumbles, then sits up with a startled blink at the request for a retinal scan. “JARVIS, what’s this?”
“Excellent. And… mark. Targets are at the optimal interception point. You are green. Weapons-free, lethal force authorized.”
Fitz looks a little dazed, blood trickling down his cheek from where the goon punched him, and Simmons is supporting him with her arm around his waist. “That was really…” He licks his lips, tries to focus. “That was really cool.”
The mansion is quiet when Steve walks back through the door, bag under his arm. He pauses for a moment, but can’t even feel the vibrations through the floor that the soundproofing in Toni’s workshop doesn’t quite contain. He nods to himself, smiling in satisfaction. Toni must still be out putting her new armor through its paces.
“Yeah, okay,” he says, still stunned. “Wait, celebrate what?”
After a while of staring at the list and doing his best not to choke up, he pencils Bucky’s name beside March. There's no other name that could go there for him. He thinks Toni isn’t going to mind, can already see her face fill with compassion, feel her hand smooth along his shoulders in sympathy. It’s another thing he loves about her.
“Good morning, J,” she says, scrubbing another round of shampoo through her hair because she can still smell the smoke from the burning van. “That took longer than I expected it would. Did you run into any problems during the installation?”
Everything is white and cold, and thick blue lines pulsate overhead, humming with a bone-jarring pitch that makes Tony’s back teeth ache.
“Ma’am…” Jesus fucking Christ, she really needs to look into toning down JARVIS’s ability to sound disapproving, because no one should be able to load that much guilt into a single word. “Withdrawing is the smartest—”
Things get much, much louder following that.
ago.”
Toni arches an eyebrow. “Is there something I’m missing?”
“I’m making a couple of immediate additions to your staff,” he says, as they walk back and take her private elevator down into the communal area. “I pulled two of SHIELD’s best technicians out of the Triskelion and assigned them to your R&D team. You’ll need the help.”
Ho Yinsen, chest a bloody ruin, stands over Rhodey's shoulder, sadly smiling, whispering
-- and she has a prescription for serious painkillers, cos fucking
“How does this even happen?” Carol stares at the thumb drive in her hand. “How do we fix it?”
It’s the first time the thought of him belonging somewhere, having family, hasn’t felt strange or wondrous. It’s just felt comfortable and right.
“You seem agitated, Tony,” he says, tone casual but words oh-so-carefully chosen to serve as his opening salvo. “Is there anything I can help with?”
“JARVIS, cut the music and hook into Rhodey’s comm,” she says through gritted teeth.
They flare into view, one by one, all around her, lacing the sky with streaks of bright, throbbing, ominous blue, too many to count. Too many to burn. He'll be years finding them all, years fighting a stalemate, because as quickly as he torches them, he knows Kobik will rebuild them. They crisscross the heavens above him, radiating out and looping around each other until white cold gleams with poison blue, until he’s surrounded in the miasma of it.
, he’d do anything to keep that look on her face forever. It’s the most powerful feeling in the world, and the most terrifying. Nobody should have that much power over another person, but she’s given it to him, and she’s never going to want to take it back. Bucky’s pretty sure he’s never going to be worth a tenth of what she is, but he can try to be. And he’s going to fucking try.
“...Ma’am? Under the Skynet protocol, you won’t be able to revoke his-”
Rhodey just gives her another one of those bland smiles, the ones that hide his amusement so well. “Ben & Jerry’s,” he says. “Freezer of the plane. You’ll love me again once we’re wheels up and you’re spoon-deep in Chocolate Brownie Fudge.”
“You’re just special, Jim,” Carol says sweetly, twisting to pat his cheek. “I was just given mine, no strings, no fist-fight.“ She scrunches her face when he just kisses her on the forehead in reply, and settles back around again. “Are these training scenarios going to be a regular thing?” She blinks. “Hey, that’s my popcorn!”
to be the one that finally broke you.”
He sits back down, folding one leg under him. “I’ve spent a lot of time in the spotlight,” he says, reaching out to take her hand but hesitating long enough to make it clear it’s her choice whether or not their fingers tangle. After a moment of pause, she allows it. His hand closes around hers, tight and warm. “I’m really good at figuring out how to play to public expectations.
“I have one more stop to make first,” he says, digging in his pocket for the piece of paper he wrote the address on, then holds it out to Hogan. “Do you know where this is?”
Bucky’s breath hitches, because Steve’s other arm is circling his ribs, hand settling around his hip. It’s been so long, too long, since he’d had
would like you to build us a proper body when you recover from your no-doubt life-threatening injuries,” JARVIS says, and his voice is clipped in that way that Toni knows means he’s thoroughly pissed, “so we may attempt to shake some self-preservation instinct into your head.
Methodically, he pounds into the bag, every hit a precise blow, every muscle and tendon in perfect control. The bag rocks rhythmically on its chains, rattling softly as it moves back and forth, vague impressions of his fists leaving vague dents that shift as the bag does. If he pretends hard enough, he can almost see Dr. Fennhoff’s face silhouetted in the dull shine, and his hits get a little harder.
“Scary thing is,” Tony says as he winds down to sleuthing his way through vague reports and grainy surveillance footage to figure out where he’d first woken up, blowing steam from the rim of the cup of coffee an unobtrusive agent handed him two minutes ago, “I think the Phoenix is going to be a permanent feature of the Tony Stark experience from here on out.”
He reaches out instinctively, connecting to the network of the Helicarrier and partitioning part of his attention to hacking into the most heavily encrypted parts of the system.  It would be a cakewalk if he still had his Director or even his consultant credentials, but Norman Osborn’s disastrous stint as Director after Tony’s unceremonious ousting resulted in a complete overhaul with fresh operating systems and brand new credentials.
“If you can still talk, he’s doing it wrong,” Clint says, and it’s the smirk that snaps Bucky’s temper, still frayed and threadbare with lingering irrational jealousy.
Toni glances up from the prototype prosthetic on the table, snaps off the mini-blowtorch and shoves her goggles to the top of her head. “Tell him I’m busy,” she says grumpily. “If he needs repairs, he can get in line, right behind my bio-engineering department. He, at least, can find his ass with both hands. They apparently cannot.”
Trust Steve to go right for the question Bucky wants to answer the least. For a long moment, he isn’t sure how to answer. Finally, he just sighs and unzips his hoodie, hooks his fingers in the neck of his shirt, and pulls it down to show Toni’s soulmark.
“Right now, you’re not really a high-value target for the paparazzi,” Clint says. “However, with Stark Industries now the primary supplier for the US military in the Middle East, they’re getting more interested in you. I think we have an awesome opportunity to head things off at the pass, to control the image you’re going to end up getting. Everyone knows you have marks, but no one knows what they are.” She shoots him a look. He raises his hands, palms forward, and shakes his head. “I assume there’s a good reason for that, and I’m not asking to see them. But eventually someone’s going to try to get into your bedroom, rip your clothes,
“Oh, right. Yeah. So. Australia. Great place for a vacation, to celebrate an anniversary. Your schedule’s clear, I’m on leave. Weather’s all cold and wet and slushy in New York, go somewhere it’s summer. Seems perfect. I’d just like to know why, almost the second we set foot on the dirt of a continent where a frightening number of indigenous species have insanely fast ways to kill you--” He pauses, and out of the corner of her eye, Toni can see him aiming, all long, lean lines and coiled muscles, shifting fluidly with the bouncing and dipping of the Jeep. Toni’s breath catches a little, because he’s pretty goddamn
Except for Toni. Toni...is different.
For a moment, she keeps the mutinous look, then slowly takes her hands out of the turret schematic, and slumps. One hand flicks at the air, and the video of the STRIKE agents hanging frozen in the air screels through scenes too rapid for his eye to catch. With a quick flick and twist of her wrist, Toni stops the video, flicks her fingers to start playing it, and throws her hand up, splayed in the air.
Eventually warmth penetrates, spreading with a feeling like a head breaking water. She surfaces again, shivering violently under a thick, heavy blanket on someone’s lap on the floor, pressed in and held on all sides by warm bodies.
“Where are you? Do you remember?”
It’s a little frightening how all three of them are managing to wear the same expression, stone-faced poker player. Especially Clint, who rarely manages to conceal anything he’s feeling from her, is wearing the blandest, most neutral expression she’s ever seen.
But now it’s not there.
But Toni’s alone inside, like he’s seen her a dozen times, barefoot and wearing ratty old jeans and a black tee-shirt, safety goggles pushed to the top of her head. She’s hunched over the central work table, feet tapping rhythmically on the rungs of her stool, surrounded by the glow of her holographic screens.
But then Clint stops at the door, smirks over his shoulder at him and says, “Good luck with Rhodey. He’s next on the list, and he’s not gonna listen when you yell at him to shut up and go away.”
Rhodey’s hiss is vicious and horrified, and he turns to face her with fluttering hands and apologetic tones, shooting Toni his dirtiest look as he does so. “Carol, honey, I’m so sorry. I should have warned you that Toni doesn’t really stop to think about what she’s saying before she
It takes Tony a second, but he groans and sags. “Hell no, birdbrain. The only thing she’s interested in meeting me for is probably punching me in the teeth again. I missed her birthday because I was comatose. That’ll probably be reason enough for her.”
“I hope you’ll stay with me,” Steve adds, and squeezes Tony’s hand gently for good measure before letting it go. “At least until you’ve gotten some of your stability back. Spend some time with me. I’ve missed having you around, Shellhead.”
Clint blinks. “I thought you said that one meant
“Sorry,” he says, but doesn’t sound at all apologetic. And there’s nothing but fond amusement coming across their bond either.
The guard starts, and the rifle in his hand whips up. His head tilts towards the right, where he has a radio attached to the shoulder of his uniform, and his mouth is forming the first syllable of a warning.
a suit to be a threat.
“If you love me, you’ll catch me.”
for them. She gave them a bedroom, gave them privacy, accepted Natasha without question because Clint needed her to. Been prepared to let Clint go, been
The footage he found when reconstructing his first day awake was grainy and shaky in places, and he isn’t sure he has the right Helicarrier until he crests the mountain range along which it patrols and sees the damage done to the side. It’s clear repair work has been started, but he can’t have been mobile for any length of time, because the repairs are just as clearly still in the very early stages.
------
“Right. So. I thought she was fucking dead, man. She was in a bad, bad way. Every bit of body fat, every single curve, and a lot of her muscle tone was just
Carol sighs and rolls her eyes, then puts her hands on him, spins him around by the shoulders, and gently starts pushing him towards the door. “Let’s go, Captain Rogers,” she says. “The punching bag’s done in, and you’ve got somewhere else to be.”
And that’s what he’s going to do.
“Hey, J?” She turns back to the still-open holoscreen and swipes up the War Machine specs. “If I were to ask you Carol’s exact body dimensions, would it be a terribly inappropriate thing to do, since I just met her?”
“Sad but true.” He drops a kiss on the back of her neck and then manhandles her off his lap. “Go get some coffee. Coulson wants a meeting around ten, and Bucky’s looking pretty pathetic and lopsided with only one arm working, so I know you’ve got a busy day ahead.”
about the possibility that what I’m telling you is true?”
Steve lets himself into his apartment and closes the door behind him after surreptitiously checking to ensure he wasn’t followed by either SHIELD or a loyalist devoted to Herr Schmidt. He’ll never be as perceptive as some of his friends, but he’s no amateur at spotting a tail. Everything is free and clear, but he still takes the precautions of closing his blinds and sweeping for listening devices, technological, magical and otherwise, before he opens the door to the small utility room where he keeps his holo-com and body paint.
He suspects Schmidt knows this, because these conversations rarely last less than five minutes.
Toni moans at that simple touch, and her fingers flex, digging her nails lightly into his scalp and neck. He shivers hard and groans, breaking from her mouth and turning his head to hide his face in her shoulder, shoulders heaving. “Sorry,” he says, half-muffled by her shirt. “We shouldn’t have done that. I swear to god, I’m not trying to sleep my way up the corporate ladder.”
“All, sir?”
I’d say a shower, but I doubt your legs are up to standing for very long.” Her nose wrinkles. “Barnes isn’t the only one who smells like a swamp. And the heat will do those bruises good.”
