Dean and Sam left Jimmy to nap off his food coma and spoke in harsh whispers.
"I don't know," Dean answered honestly, running fingers through his hair, "it was kind of automatic."
Dean had just swung the crowbar at a lesser demon when he caught sight of Castiel facing off with Alistair, and a pang of flat out fear shot through his body like a lightning bolt. He ran towards them, watching as Castiel placed a hand on Alistair, attempting to smite him, and nothing happened. Alistair laughed, "Sorry, kiddo, why don't you run to daddy?" and followed up with some twisted version of an exorcism, Castiel gasping and choking in pain. Dean reacted without thinking, swinging the crowbar with all his strength into the back of Alistair's head, making the demon hiss in pain before he whirled and looked at the human, Dean trembling where he stood. Castiel shook himself, and his eyes connected with Dean's, wide and so blue and hopeful. Dean barely had time to register what he saw there before the archdemon launched himself at Dean, Sam coming up on his other side to help fight him off. Anna whirled around in the other corner of the room, a demon dying next to her and the vial of grace in her hand, and Uriel shouted as she smashed it.
, he quickly corrected his thoughts, and he forced himself to his feet, Sam reaching to steady him. Ruby watched silently and knowingly from the corner of the room, also looking none to worse for wear.
The man frowned, as if realizing something, and he sighed, “look, I appreciate your enthusiasm, I really do. It's, uh, always nice to hear from the fans. But, for your own good, I highly suggest you get a life.” The man tried to slam the door, but Dean threw out a hand to stop him, so much stronger than the stranger that it was laughable.
, Cas," Dean moaned, "so sexy like this, waited for this, feels so good." Dean established a quick, harsh rhythm, groaning each time he thrust in, growling each time he pulled out, saliva dripping from his cock, Cas' lips becoming spit slick and swollen, and Dean knew the angel's voice would be wrecked after this, his cock pressing again and again against the back of and into Cas' tight throat. He knew he wasn't going to last long, and he was right, moaning and shivering as he grew closer and closer to orgasm, shoving that much harder into Castiel's mouth. "Cas... Cas, I'm gonna..." Dean tried to warn Cas, but all the angel did was grab his ass and shove Dean as deep as possible into him, and Dean cried out as he came, feeling Castiel's throat tighten and loosen around him as he swallowed everything Dean gave him. Dean's knees trembled and he would have collapsed with the pleasure if Cas didn't reach up and use angelic strength to hold him up from his waist, keeping him standing, suckling Dean's softening cock until it became too much and Dean exclaimed weakly in protest.
“Sorry to say, but they didn’t —”
Jody shows Dean where to dump his stuff and tosses him a beer as he settles into the couch. In the five minutes that they were out of the room, Claire and Alex have started an argument about a sweater, which Patience is trying to arbitrate.
“Jody, I —” Dean fails to release the clutch and stalls out for a second. He puts the key back in the ignition.
Like he said, the only one with any kind of survival instinct.
“Oh, great! You’re here.” Sam’s voice cuts through Cas’s maudlin thoughts. “Now we just need — Have you seen Dean? He’s not in the garage.”
gospel.” Dean says. He gives up, sits down, and figures he’ll start at the beginning. “Listen, when — the first apocalypse was scripted, or it was supposed to be scripted. And it was all being recorded by a prophet of — uh, well, actually, I guess, God himself. Chuck.”
Even now, in the face of Cas’s merciful affection, Dean’s traitorous heart wants to take more. Cas had given him everything, and didn’t ask for a single thing in response. Dean — horrible, twisted, idiotic Dean — wants more.
, but something similar. Going on hunts with Sam, having Cas and Jack around, taking some of the phones off of Garth’s back. Sure, at some point Dean apparently started dating the man he’s been in love with for a thousand years, but Dean didn’t
Inhumanly fast, the Aswang barrels towards her. Alone, Eileen doesn’t stand a chance.
rattling in the empty space between his ears.
“Cas—” Dean starts because he should apologise probably. Or say something. Or be anything other than what he is. Cas takes this as license to step forward into the room, which is the worst possible conclusion.
and Dean sees black exploding from the lake, black sliding over Castiel, black consuming and black writhing and black and black and black.
Never point a gun somewhere you don't intend to shoot.
Cas is doing that and seems to have no intention to stop doing that.
Dean had gotten up off that floor, but he hadn’t wanted to. In a weird, perverse way, it had been good that Chuck had been alive and a threat because nothing less would have been enough to get Dean off that floor.
Dean needs to uncurl his fist, and open the fridge, and tell Sammy that it’s okay. It’s okay. Sammy, it’s okay. I’ll keep you safe, it’s okay.
Because she’s not an idiot, Jody picks up on his agitation. “Dean?” She looks out over the water where Dean is staring like she might identify a threat.
It’d make sense if he had, but Sam doesn’t think like that. Sam loves him.
Benny, who’d smiled at him when he told him about Cas, who’d never asked so Dean would never have to say no, who’d just been there and been there.
He’s allowed to not say it out loud. He’ll get there.
Dad had done his best in an impossible circumstance, Dean amends. Sam turned out amazing. It was fine. This isn’t about Dean.
“What are you listening to?” Dean asks, taking a sip of his coffee.
Dean’s breath sticks in his chest. Ingrid sings
“Well, I know Cas, and through Cas, I know you.” No, that's not right. “Or rather, Cas cares about you, and so I care about you, too.” This makes Zadkiel look more confused, which is fair enough. Dean’s confused himself a bit with that one. Dean’s trying to find a better way to explain it when Zad’s face clears.
Sam responds, “Looking sharp!” which is both embarrassing for him and also not helpful, so she sends him a quick smiley face with its tongue sticking out. Thankfully, Sam follows up with, “They’re tempered with Holy Oil! They make the invisible visible.”
There is no way Dean can misinterpret this.
They wrap up the case pretty quickly after that. Eileen would like to see Isabelle’s memory villainized instead of martyred, but they couldn’t compellingly link her to the disappearances. Instead, they clean up prints and any evidence that could tie them to Isabelle’s untimely end, torch her body, and head towards dinner.
Dean’s not always sure this is a positive development.
. It was real. Cas was real. Cas was back.
He reaches Fire Fire again and listens intently, his breathing perfectly controlled. Done once, he does it again. Then again. Then again.
Dean pulls out the paper. Reads “11. Angels Of The Get-Through by Andrea Gibson” and “12. Leave It All Behind by Sleeping With Sirens.” He needs to remember that Cas is gone. Leaving.
The tape ticks on. Leave it all Behind does nothing for the feeling behind his ribs, the shoelaces and plastic bags that now make up his insides. Gun in My Hand though — that reminds him of the Barrett’s weight, of watching the Aswang barrel towards Eileen as she held herself still and silent and trusting. Eileen put her faith in Dean’s bullet, in Dean’s gun, in the belief that he would deliver a kill for her.
He’s going to be late to the cabin now, he knows. Still, Dean learned a lot in Hell. He knows that agony can be turned numb by exposing oneself to it over and over again. Knows that if he learns this song by heart, it can’t be used against him.
But here he is, thinking about it.
She looks back at the neatly stacked papers on her desk. Not a lot of things about this are making sense. Hopefully, tomorrow will help. Right now, the net is too wide. The autopsy reports are horrifyingly lacking in detail. Eileen is struggling to find anything that connects the victims.
Isn’t that just confidence?
opens up the pit in his chest.
“Wait a minute, how’d the angel even get curious ‘bout you?” Donna throws out, which is good, because it stops Dean from making inappropriate jokes in front of Claire and Jody, who would not hesitate to shoot him if they thought he was out of line. It is bad, however, because now he has to think of an answer that's not ‘the angel Castiel, who incidentally may also be my boyfriend, tells them bedtime stories where I’m a hero and the pinnacle of mankind, and now his random little brother wanted assurance that I like him.’
Well, except one thing.
Zadkiel looks a little stunned, and Cas is smiling so so wide. “So, yeah — I think I know enough to not have to work through saying Zadkiel every time I want to bring up your name.”
Dean feels the weight of his first shotgun, trained at the door when strangers walked by and he didn’t know if they were monsters coming to steal Sammy away. He sees Jack kneeling in front of him, the colt sparking into Azazel.
“Then go.”
Dean sets a little goal for himself, and it’s weird for him, since goals are usually insane things like “Free my family from the curse of Yellow Eyes” or “Kill God and secure free will for mankind” or “Stop the apocalypse.” But Dean is (maybe?) retired now, so he figures he can set a little goal for himself.
Okay. That's a sick guitar riff. Honestly, the whole song is cool. It’s angry without being mean in a way Dean always wanted but could never manage.
Dean grabs the sludge of the coffee pot, pours it into a mug, and sits down at the table. He drinks it absently as he listens to the song another time.
Cas would date him.
Jody cuts him off by slamming her hands to her ears and loudly screaming, “No spoilers!” Dean is laughing when Claire, Kaia, Patience, and Alex finally crowd around them.
in the silence, him and Baby flashing down the road.
Patience is just a child. She’s barely out of high school, but she’s grappling with monsters and magic on top of everything else. She hesitates against his chest for a half second before she sinks, sobbing, into the embrace. For lack of anything better to do, Dean holds her with the same force that she grips him, the same steadiness he’d use to hold a crying Sam. It’s unfair. She’s only a kid. It’s not her job to make herself palatable for her parents. She shouldn’t have to mold herself into a perfect daughter in order to earn a father.
Is that about Cas dying? Leaving for Heaven?
attracted to men. I mean, hell, the siren was a man for him, and there was that whole weird thing with Benny that Dean never talks about, but whether or not Dean will own up to it is a different thing.
Dean sucks in a breath. He rewinds the tape aimlessly, deciding that sitting in silence isn’t the best move, and hits play. His fingers move sluggishly through thick air. He’s not paying attention to how far he rewinds, so he startles slightly when he hits play and it pipes out — tiny, soft, and powerful — “God Mason, heart heavier than all the bricks.”
Dean’s not sure there is any version of him that could know Cas and not love him. He knows it's selfish. He gets that it’s too much. For a little while though, Cas had wanted him, too.
Cas chills, ice dripping from each word. “You don’t mean that.”
Cas is still looking at him, but he doesn’t look like he’s waiting for Dean to speak. He’s just sort of looking. Dean leans against the desk and explains.
Cassie says, “Wait, this is hilarious. How else is he like me? Let me see if I can guess.”
Face pressed into the rough fabric of Dean’s shoulder, Jack exhales. “I'm just so relieved.”
The night is loud, and long, and bright, and the crowd is screaming about skinny dipping in jeans. Dean thinks about Cas’s weird and wild mixtape, with songs from every genre and no fear about what that might say about him.
Dean feels his foot push down a bit harder on the gas, the road flying underneath him, heartbeat rising to meet the speedometer. Listening to the tape play out, he examines each revelation.
“Hm?” Cas responds, more a questioning noise than a full thought as he pulls his focus from the last sentence, his mind half wrapped around new ideas for wards, protection spells, and whether or not Jack would be interested in learning human magic.
, the same way Dean's been walking around with a tangle labeled
have.
“What's confusing you about that?” Dean throws him a bone.
Dean thinks about being a good son. He thinks of Cas, who loved Jack when he made mistakes, when he lost his soul, when Dean turned him into a weapon. He thinks of Sam, who Dean loved when he made mistakes, when he lost his soul, when demon blood drove him out of his mind.
“Sam.” Dean interrupts, voice dripping in sincerity. It’s impossible not to listen. “It freaks me out that people — humans — could get a bunch of power and use it to kill, and steal, and become monsters. So, yeah. I don’t like evil witches. But you and Max aren’t that.”
The corner of his mind that remembers Alistair’s blades in his chest rumbles awake, pulls out his ribs, slides fingers into Dean’s mouth, jeers, “Oh sonny, don’t you see — you were made for just this.”
drifts out of the walkman.
Dean knows he’s the more experienced one, but it doesn’t matter — not in the face of Cas’s single-minded focus. Cas picks him up like he’s nothing. Dean’s brain short circuits and remains offline, even as he’s deposited on the desk. Cas is unstopping, and unstoppable — a hand in Dean’s hair, tugging him closer like Cas plans to devour him whole.
Hell wasn’t fire. It had been pain, unrelenting. He’d never questioned how his torment had been unending. In retrospect, he realises it’s because they were on the clock. They were trying to break Dean before the angels arrived.
Eileen steps out of her bathroom to see her phone flashing on the counter, but by the time she walks over, it flashes again.
Dean’s hand clenches around the walkman. He’s so stupid. Cas had been able to convince himself that he was in love, but he shouldn’t have been able to convince Dean.
It's obviously the wrong thing to say, because Jack starts crying again. Dean thinks he might say something like “I messed it all up,” but Jack's also grabbing onto Dean tighter and muffling his words into Dean's chest, so Dean defaults to slowly rocking him and waits. Clearly talking wasn't the right strategy, but Dean has to try something. He can't let the kid cry all night.
Dean tortures himself with that thought a little. Did Cas already have the flowers when he came to talk to Dean last night, or did he flit out and grab them when he realised Dean was asleep? Did Cas come to Dean’s room with the intention of Dean being asleep last night?
Jody’s hand comes down on his shoulder, causing him to turn back and look at her. “Thank you, Dean. It...that means a lot.” She smiles, but it's somewhat wobbly. “Honestly, most days I’m worried that I'm messing it all up. Hell, half the time I’m worried they’re the adults and I’m the kid.” She pulls her hand back, takes her own sip.  “I didn’t think I’d have this again. I wasn’t sure that I could.”
Then, Dean had collected Sam and Sam’s grief alike, carrying them both into their new lives. He gently mocked Sam into spending more time with Eileen. He supported Sam’s interest in magic like it wasn’t a big deal if Sam wanted to be a witch, then insisted, playing at faith, that they would save Alicia. He carved out a careful place for Sam in the new world they’d made. He reminded Sam that they were free, that they had found things worth living for, that Sam’s life had meaning outside of Chuck’s sick script.
He just liked knowing they were safe. It’s not like he was going to show up on their doorstep one day or anything. He was interested in keeping them that way.
Sam knows that. He definitely knew that. Dean’s never given up on him, but everything gets so messy in Sam’s head sometimes. Dean always accepted Sam, sometimes before Sam was able to accept himself. Dean only got in his face about it when he thought things were dangerous: the visions that hurt him, the demon blood that drove him past the edge of himself. Those were the things that Dean had rejected. Never Sam. Never anything Sam had wanted, even when it went against Dean’s own wishes.
Jack is still here. The world is safe.
“Of course I love you, Dean.” Of course, he says. Sure. Because it’s so fucking obvious. “But that kind of love, that kind of certainty? I’d never experienced it. Until, suddenly, one day, you lifted your love and folded it over me.”
Dean looks down at the mixtape, looks at Cas’s spindly handwriting: “For You” this time, instead of “For Dean,” like it’s so obviously Dean’s that it doesn’t need his name on it. He decides to let himself have this for just a little while more.
He shakes Jack and gets a “the minnows are pleased” before he thinks…
He walks out over the water, stands next to his abandoned walkman, lets the 2 o’clock sun beat down on him. He wastes time till Donna’s truck pulls out of the driveway.
, Jesus.
Dean wants to say, “I don’t want to stand between you and the things you want.” He wants to say he’s happy that Sam has found some modicum of peace, how he thinks Sam would be a great leader, that the hunter network is a great idea. He wants to tell Sammy how proud he is of him, and all the work he did, and how goddamn smart he turned out. The words get jumbled in the cavernous hollow of his chest because he sees it so clearly — Sam would be fantastic. Sam would be a great mentor. Dean can see what Sam will be doing, and how great he’ll be at it.
And Dean, because he's a useless blunt instrument, because he wants to be gentle but has no way to do that, started forward in the way he had last time, and he wasn't even sure if it was to punch Cas or hug Cas or kiss him senseless (no wait the kid is watching, oh god the KID), but then Cas had turned those blue, blue eyes on him — and Dean had stalled out. He stopped completely short because, God, his eyes are
Cas thinks they’re dating. Cas loves him. Dean’s allowed.
Eileen stands with a huff. This is absurd. Dean’s being perfectly normal, while Eileen is second and triple guessing everything. Dean already likes her! No, I mean, Eileen already likes Dean. They’re friends. They’re friendly.
He rewinds the song. It finishes. He rewinds the song. It finishes. He rewinds the song.
Sam blinks, for some reason surprised by this response. Cas thinks about how Dean would react in this moment, but Cas doesn’t think making fun of Sam’s hair or calling him a hippie would quite communicate what he intends. Cas hasn’t mastered Dean’s ability to make insults affectionate, and he doesn’t really think this is the moment to try.
Sam smiles, and see — that was worth it. Dean feels like he can feel claw marks on the inside of his chest, but Sam is smiling and no one died, so it’s probably a win.
He stares down at the walkman.
It says “13. Loving Violence (I apologize).”
So what if he doesn’t deserve it? He has it anyway. He can keep them happy and safe. Dean can make himself worthy. Little goals. He just has to keep anyone from figuring him out until he’s there.
Maybe someday he’ll have that again. For now, he relies on language.
Dean, quiet in the bunker. Dean, cooking in the kitchen. Dean, the killer. Dean, Sam’s brother.
Dean fumbles to rewind the song, looking at his right hand a bit too long for someone hurtling down a highway. He remembers the gun in his hand, remembers staring down at Chuck, remembers wanting to blame Chuck for everything that they’d lost and strike him down the way Chuck had stripped every good thing from their life.
“Ah, don’t worry about it, Cas. Bring the kid to the cabin. I got some time.” Dean pops open the beer and takes a long swig, remembering that he still believed in angels the first time he tried beer. Examines the fact that he definitely has faith in at least one now.
The song plays to its end and in the stillness of his room, Dean hears
“I don’t think your jury would agree with you.” Cas responds, because he’s a real expert at twisting Dean’s words to throw them back in his face.
It’s new, and it’s uncomfortable, and Dean hates it. But if anyone deserves his best effort at this, it’s Sam. ‘You’re my brother and I love you’ feels enormous and impossible, but Dean spent 40 years in hell for Sam, and he’d spend another 100 just to give Sam this, so what is 10 seconds of gut-wrenching, excruciating panic?'
He can't even tell if the singer is supposed to be him or if it's supposed to be Cas. Is Cas saying that he'll wait for Dean? Is he saying he wants to be a better person for Dean? No, that's absurd. Cas is already one of the best men Dean knows. Is it a time limit? I'll come back to you in a year or so, and if you're not the person I thought you were by then, I'm going to leave you again?
Dean replays the song, over and over again. If he could memorise the words, he could find a way to be this way, to open his mouth and say
Five minutes later, Dean sits silent at the library table, marveling.
“Tuesday Night Game Night?”
. Taylor finishes stabbing Dean in the chest and the sound fades out.
He briefly entertains the idea that Cas put it here as a break from getting his heart stepped on before he decides that's absurd. Cas probably didn't even think about the order. Cas probably sat in his room, decided on a song, and put it on the tape. No muss, no fuss.
“Aw, you can admit you were excited to see me,” Dean jokes, as he opens the Impala’s back seat to grab his duffle.
Dean understands, really, that Sam wasn’t afraid to tell Dean. Rather, he was afraid to tell anyone. He was afraid to speak the thing and make it real. Sam, like Dean, understands that wanting something is the first step to losing it.
The latch echoes through heavy silence. Familiar sadness creeps in. Dean’s glad Jesse called about the potential nest. He’s not ready to go back to the bunker.
Sam is a complicated pile of puzzle pieces, some parts asking to be thrown out or cut to make the final picture. If that’s true, Dean is hiding some of the pieces you actually need, tucked safely in his person. So, Eileen wants to get to know Dean. She wants the version of Dean that Cas and Sam always talk about to be the right version, not a rose-tinted construction.
“I’m not moping!” Sam defends. He’s not. He’s just thinking. A little.
Dean rewinds the song. Cas, finally free, has decided that he’s going to use his new power to hang out in the bunker with Sam and Dean. To date Dean.
“You literally just said you want to go.” Fuck. He did just say that. Dean reaches out, closing Sam’s computer from where it sits between them. “Okay. What’s this actually about?” Dean’s voice is heavy, all traces of teasing gone.
Jack isn't crying anymore, but his eyes are a bit bright when he says, “Why are you telling me this?”
It takes a couple of tries given the shocking number of blue flowers in the world, but Dean finally gets a lead on what kind of flower Cas had strewn on his bedside. Nemophilia. Baby Blue Eyes.
Dean stares at the sky, slides on his headphones, and hits play.
Patience smiles up at Dean as her fingers still. It’s soft, but it’s there. “No. I know that. That’s not it.”
Cas and the Winchesters against the world is familiar ground. Cas and Dean versus Dean’s demons is, too, in it’s own way.
Jack had been quiet for a while, and then thoughtful. He’d thanked Cas and then fallen asleep right there on Cas’s chest with one of Cas’s wings folded over him. Cas had sat for a long time in silence.
“I mean, yeah. It’s like there was always some big other thing. First there was Yellow eyes, then Lilith, then Lucifer. Then there was that whole thing with Purgatory and the Leviathans. Then the mess with the demon and angel tablets. Then, Abaddon. Then –” Sam pauses and looks up, like Dean is going to fly off the handle at the very mention of “–uh the mark, and the Darkness”.
“There is no threat, Dean.” Despite himself, Dean relaxes. “Zadkiel is confused and wishes to talk to you.”
Dean surveys his handiwork. It’s definitely coming together. It’s sturdy, which is the most important part in Dean’s opinion, but it’s even beginning to look nice. Choosing to build a crib dock instead of a post dock or a simple floating dock had made Dean question his sanity multiple times, but with the anchors laid in and the scaffolding done, Dean can see how it was the right choice. Plus, he’d never forgive himself if it collapsed.
“Everything alright?”
Dean, horribly vividly, knows exactly how he’d kill every person in this cabin if he had to.
As soon as Dean connects the two thoughts, he simply gives up, lays back on his pillow, and entertains the thought of smothering himself to death. He knows he resolved to be a bit better, accomplish little goals, but he didn’t mean to turn himself into a fucking girl.
Except this is Dean. Sam knows him. Dean is chopping red onions perfunctorily, with a perfectly content air. He grumbles at Sam to make coffee, and Sam complies, but he watches Dean when he can get away with it.
Dean feels a lightness he’s not sure he’s felt in years. He’s not sure his feet touch the ground as he puts away his bags and reracks his guns. Hell, he’s still smiling by the time he sits back down on the bed.
“Only the best for you, boss,” he replies, smirking despite awkwardly balancing a Barrett on his shoulder.
First, important priorities.
They do it on purpose. They have to. They’d never meet otherwise.
Dean won’t let Cas help him. Dean doesn’t want Cas to help him. Or perhaps, Cas isn’t capable of helping him.
Patience hugs him tighter for a moment then visibly puts herself back together.
She reaches out and flicks on the tape deck. Music always helps Sam — no reason it wouldn’t do the same for Dean.
“Do you know when I first understood what it meant to be a family?” Dean doesn’t have to pull his hand away because Cas has released it. Without Cas’s support, it falls limply to his side. He puts it back on the desk, leaning back to buy himself a few safer inches. He can still feel the soft puff of Cas’s warm breath lingering over his knuckles. Retreating to the other side of the planet wouldn’t stop Dean from feeling the gravity of Cas’s pull.
Eileen has lots of friends in the hunter community, a couple who knew ASL for their own reasons. Not a single person had started to learn it just for her. Not till the Winchesters. Actually, Eileen’s not sure if Liliana knew it before, but that was so long ago.
Because Dean is a killer.
He swerves into the motel parking lot, Baby still chanting
Did Sam put Dean up to this? Does Dean have some ulterior motive? She thought Dean and her got along well. Eileen definitely enjoys Dean’s humour (and his cooking).
Sam studies his brother. No way. Sam would know.
This has the wonderful effect of inspiring a vaguely disgusted expression from Jody and protecting Dean from needing to find any additional words. Claire comes over to harass Jody, either about some concert in a few days, or dinner tonight — Dean’s not really listening — and Alex tries to hand Dean a lemonade. He stuffs another bite in his face, gesturing to Alex to drop it over on the tool table.
Eileen makes the bed, frowning at how she can’t quite seem to get the lines crisp. She doesn’t usually make her bed, since it always seemed kinda useless. Like, it’s a crappy motel somewhere, and she’s just gonna be crawling back into the thing later on.
Most of the time though, Dean just cooks. It’s always something different, but any time they’re all in the bunker, Dean makes dinner, breakfast, lunch.
Every 6 months, like clockwork, a body vanishes, only to show up mangled from an “animal attack” later on. It's unclear how long after vanishing the victims are devoured. They end up on the side of the road, destroyed by the elements — sometimes for months — before they’re discovered.
He risks a glance at Cas, who is frowning down at himself. “Did I do it wrong?” Cas queries.
“I mean, the kid drives me insane sometimes, but I’m glad he’s back.” Then, because he extremely doesn’t want to say
Turns out he does have a self-preservation instinct after all.
“Doing what?” Cas asks, confused. Sam flaps a hand in his direction, which is how Cas realises his hand has drifted up to gingerly touch his lips.
At least Sam will be happy. He always wanted a sister to braid his dumb hair.
Dean loves her for it, fiercely. It’s not just Sam, either. Cas and Eileen have a lot of fun together, and Dean likes to watch the speed of their conversations, even though he doesn’t have a chance in Hell of knowing what they’re talking about. Jack adores her, especially after she offered to teach him how to throw knives.
“Uh?” Dean says, because he’s a very intelligent person.
and Dean stares down at “13. Gun in My Hand by Dorothy”.
It’s probably not very sensitive to the Marid.
“Heya Deano! Glad you could make it.” She laughs delightedly when he picks her up slightly in the hug. Jody gestures to the girls, and they break up their weird confusing sisterhood ritual to help put the groceries aways.
He’d gotten his point across. Dean fiddles with the half cleaned piece in his hand. Sam knows. Sam doesn’t think of Dean as a needlessly violent man, and he wasn’t afraid that Dean would turn on him because he’d started learning some magic.
Today, he just needs to lay down the final pieces and treat the wood. He’d spent more money on it than he would have if it was just for him, but he didn’t want to do shoddy work that Jody would just have to replace in a few years.
Eileen’s tough, but she’s not really interested in betting against a Winchester. Historically, not a great plan.
Sam only brought that thing into the kitchen to throw it away, but in the face of Jack's boundless enthusiasm, he now has it carefully cradled in his lap). Dean’s distraction lulls him into forgetting to panic when Castiel sways into his space, whispering in his ear that he thinks that Sam may be getting “unwisely attached” to his blueberry cow. He laughs softly and whispers back, “Well, you want to take it from him?” as Sam tries to talk Jack out of naming the two Pillow Pets Blue and Purple.
“Cas,” he hedges, willing his brain to come up with a reason for him to have called. He tries to imagine Cas where he is, but he can’t remember if Cas is in Heaven or at the bunker. He still hasn’t screwed his head on all the way because he blurts out, “Where are you?”
But Cas is in his room, late at night, and Dean is only human. Dean slams into him like a hurricane, and Cas opens, suddenly and easily, surging into the kiss. Dean’s hands are frantic, pushing at Cas’s coat, his blazer, his shirt. Cas is wearing way too many layers — always too many layers — and Dean would have him out of them by now, but Cas is relentless. Cas kisses like Dean is a war he intends to win, and Dean keeps losing focus. Buttons are surprisingly difficult when he can’t bear to keep his hands away from the small parts of Cas’s already exposed skin.
He thinks about nothing as he spins slams his fist into the wall.
Dean boggles. “So, what? You’re upset that it’s gonna be too easy? You don’t wanna go, but you don’t know how to turn him down?” Then, he continues in a distinctly mocking lilt, “You can always tell him your babysitter said you’re not allowed to be out past curfew.”
Cas wishes he knew what they were fighting about. He doesn’t want to fight. This fight feels different, too. Cas isn’t certain why. Perhaps because he doesn’t know what they’re disagreeing on? Perhaps because they haven’t had cause to fight in so long? Perhaps because their last fight had been so bad? Perhaps because Cas can’t seem to figure out why he’s angry?
They pass an alarmingly large McDonalds before pulling into the woman’s carefully manicured lawn. Eileen shudders at the sheer amount of water that grass takes to maintain. People have the weirdest priorities.
Then, they passed an awkward couple of weeks taking a pint or so of Max’s blood every few days, and everyone tried to pretend they weren’t one loud noise from losing it completely.
Dean stares at his hands, choking on thoughts he can’t make himself think, even alone in his mind. He fiddles with the coffee maker, fingers trembling.
It’s more than enough. Alex, newly aware that Dean is doing the work, lavishes him with compliments, which is nearly enough to ease the sting of how disastrously he’s doing in Uno.
Eileen has lots of people she’s close to, but she’s never really had family.
Softly, because they’re close enough that Dean can hear the gentle movement of his breath, Cas says, “You’re a good man, Dean.” And Dean falls back on the only defense he has. He shuts his eyes.
Kaia looks at him with naked hope. “You’d do that?”
He’s at a diner getting lunch, idly flirting with a waiter and letting their mutual appreciation distract him from staring down at the walkman he’d loaded up with the tape by muscle memory, when he lets himself pull the thoughts apart.
He enjoys the quiet with the sun rising over the horizon, filtering through the trees, making Jody’s cabin feel idyllic and safe. He takes a second to enjoy the light through the window before he hauls himself out of bed. Checking the warding at all the doors, he carefully copies a new rune meant to hide the presence of any life inside the cabin to supernatural creatures. By the time he’s checking the stock of the kitchen, Kaia has quietly wandered in. She sends him a shy smile, and picks at the wire of her own headphones in solidarity. With his own music off, Dean can just make out the quiet thrum of Kaia’s music, and it’s the only sound until Claire clatters down the stairs. She huffs a laugh at Dean’s old school walkman and calls him a hipster, but she also immediately tucks herself into Kaia’s space and proceeds to fall back asleep, so Dean’s not really sure if the greeting was conscious on her part or not.
“Dean. I'm sorry.” Dean, carefully, gently, slowly — so fucking slowly — slides his hand out of Jack's wrist. He's treated Jack with enough violence. Despite everything, Dean doesn't actually want to be John. He pushes Jack back onto the bed — a suggestion more than a shove — and sits down on the edge.
The song comes to an end, and Dean rewinds it. Why the fuck not? It’s fun. The bass line is enjoyable, and Dean isn’t particularly worried about the lyrics. Even if he wanted to rip them apart, he doesn’t speak Korean.
love with him.
Cas comes to look at the screen by standing way too close over Dean's right shoulder. He leans down to look. “A case?” Cas's voice is a pleasant hum.
“Dean, hey. It’s me.” He fights in another breath. Fuller. Tries to feel this one in his lungs. Distantly, far behind Jody, he sees Patience’s face fixed in the cabin window, sees Claire step out the backdoor, a hand reaching behind her back.
Cas is looking at the black metal bending in his hand when he says, “The first tape made you very happy.”
, which Dean thinks is appropriate. Dean listens, and he feels the song settle like a gunvest on his chest: heavy, and not very useful in a fight with demons.
It’s a good thing they aren’t playing poker tonight because Dean would be royally fucked.
Eileen, super casually, leaned forward and flicked on his tape deck. Dean gets that it was a kindness, but now Sleeping with Sirens is screaming at him because Cas’s mixtape is in his fucking tape deck, and Dean is panicking.
Castiel is — Dean stalls. Castiel is powerful, important. Cas is kind, patient. Cas never wanted to force Jack into anything, never wanted to make him harder or more prepared for pain, as if Cas himself was the only shield that Jack would ever need. Cas forgave Jack when Jack tried to push them away.
is easy, but it takes till the third listen for Dean to pick up that the next line is
He dusts now. This is really not where he saw his life going.
As good as Dean? At signing? He didn’t even know that Dean could sign. Sam walks towards his room.
and all he feels is grateful for something to distract him from how bad this conversation is.
as he puts the lightbulbs in the cupboard, and he doesn't think anything at all as he chucks the Pillow Pet at Sammy's head while he's trying to sign something to Eileen over Facetime, and he ducks and weaves as Sammy tries to grab him while spluttering.
Dean’s point is that he remembers all of Hell, in stunning hi-definition color. He remembers how Hell had felt, the very air different. He remembers every nick of the blade, every hand wrapped around every throat, every soul he’d torn apart.
“How long have you been thinking about this?”
“What?” Sam says, distracted from his thoughts by Dean’s antics. “No. Sorry, zoned out. Haven’t had coffee yet.”
He can make himself better.
Dean blinks, and feels his smile freeze on his face. He keeps his expression exquisitely still. Zadkiel is saying half the words like they’re experimental to his own tongue.
Dean instead of killing Dean immediately. He feels a chill of horror at the idea of long fingers pulling at Kaia’s shirt instead of his.
Eileen fidgets. A cold wind sweeps over Dean’s shoulders and down his back. He loses several seconds reminding himself that there’s no way Eileen could know. Hell, even if she somehow divined the song playing, she wouldn’t know it's from Cas. Just in case, Dean settles more comfortably into Baby and accelerates. They’re so close to the motel. He can fucking see it.
“He looks up to you, as well.” Dean can’t respond to that in any real way, can’t respond to the assault of Cas standing so close to him, continuing to believe in a better version of Dean, even after Dean has proven that version of him died long ago.
Content warning: discussion of grief/canonical character death, BRIEF implication of Dean's past sex work, general discussion of John Winchester's A+ Parenting (including vague allusion to physical abuse)
It’s not that there aren't dangerous things out there. Dean went out to assist Claire with a werewolf case. Sam and Eileen took down a nest of rabid vamps. Hell, last month, Dean and Sam killed a Djinn. Dean fucking hates Djinn. Still, it’s mostly restless spirits.
She can’t change who she is, and she shouldn’t have to.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam makes a face. Dean, drunk, had once catalogued Sam’s expressions in surprising depth, numbering the “bitchfaces,” as he called them. Cas isn’t sure what this one is. Sam’s expression has scrunched in on itself. It’s not unlike a kitten tasting a lemon for the first time.
To Cas, that would be “I love you.”
In real talk, I (Non) am a huge advocate of feeling your feelings, and ALSO of recognizing the limitations of parasocial relationships (ie: process your feelings with the folks with whom you have a reciprocal relationship, and then respect privacy for the celebrities whose art has impacted you, recognizing that their work is not THEM, and we are not entitled to literally any information about the Them behind the Art).
You know what? Food can wait.
Dean almost says, “Who?” before he realises that Cas is talking about Sam and the googly eyes, not Dean and sex, because Cas thinks normal fucking thoughts. In Dean’s defense, Cas doesn’t have to
Dean’s not actually sure how many times he’s died because of Sam’s whole “repeating Tuesday” thing, which Dean really doesn’t know much about except that he ended up throwing out his Asia tape because Sam’s shoulders would always get tight whenever Heat of the Moment played. He’s also extremely tired, didn’t get nearly enough coffee at the diner, and is still somewhat reeling from this whole day. It’s not even noon.
Everyone comes out and hugs them goodbye. Donna and Jody send Dean off to a concert with the same somber farewell with which they might have sent him off to die.
He rewinds the song. He gives up two minutes in and puts his head in his hands. He feels hot all over. There's…really no other interpretation. And Cas…Cas has had sex. Cas definitely knows about sex.
The waitress comes back with their food, and okay, Eileen gets it. She’s smoking. She blushes prettily when she mistakenly touches Dean’s hand. Dean, wildly, doesn't even seem to notice, flirting more perfunctorily than because the waitress is gorgeous. And she is
leave Dean in such distress. He’s here in the library, and Dean is back in that field.
After a few minutes, Donna hoists herself onto the dock, laying at their feet while citing her need for both a tan and protection from Kaia’s vicious elbows. She brings lively chatter, and Dean loves her for it. He doesn’t say anything about it. No point in scaring her.
Dean blinks. “Is there some reason I shouldn’t be?” When Sam doesn’t say anything, Dean continues glibly. “You gonna ritually murder someone? Make a demon deal? Forget to wear a condom to the orgy?”
His fists clench uselessly at his side. He pulls his shoulders around him. He can’t breathe. He can’t stop Cas from leaving, he can’t save Sam, he can’t — he can’t — he can’t —
“The maulings?” Dean prompts.
Mother fucker.
Dean is not so much avoiding as he is tactfully busy. Time with Cas means stilted conversation, Dean incapable of apology, Cas sympathetic before snippish. Cas gives as good as he gets, which Dean used to enjoy, but now it feels weird. Dean keeps missing the mark, sentences expelled too softly or too angrily. He can’t get it right.
and even
The next song starts, but barely 30 seconds pass before Dean gives up and retreats to his room. Sam or Cas can text him when they're back, but he is absolutely under no circumstances going to be caught with his pants around his ankles by Castiel while
Cas says, “Dean.” Again, he uses Dean’s name like it’s a whole sentence, like it’s a sentence worth saying. Dean closes his eyes like that would somehow affect his hearing.
It had been hard enough, Dean realises as he walks back to the car, before. When Dean could maybe say ‘I love you’ to Cas like he might say it to Sam or Jack or Bobby or Charlie. But, now, if Dean manages to squeeze ‘I love you’ past his sharp teeth, he knows Cas will hear the whole truth. That Dean is
“I can’t talk about hunting, or magic, or psychic stuff with him,” she continues. “He’s the only person I know who might get some of this stuff, but he won’t — he just shuts it down. If I want him to be a part of my life, I have to...ignore all that stuff. It’s like when we talk I’m just playing the role of Patience Turner.”
“I —” Language has failed him.
He looks back at the flowers, plucks one off the bedside table, and carries it to his desk. He even manages to not think about the fact that he had kissed Cas in this exact spot 5 days ago. He definitely doesn’t think about the dream he had after, because a toddler with a developmental delay would be able to tell him what his brain had been trying to warn him about. It’s just hard to remember how bad an idea this all is when Cas is actually in front of him, putting away groceries, or advising Jack, or dunking on Michael for flying like he just got his wings. It’s impossible to remember with the memory of that kiss still on his lips.
Dinner is a loud affair. Jack offers to help cook, and Dean's happy enough to teach the kid how to properly cut up carrots. Sam is thrilled by the salad, even though Dean's really only using it as a vehicle for steak. They clean up, and then Jack wants to try new spices atop their popcorn, so Dean grinds chili garlic and has to make a whole separate batch because Jack and Sam finish the first before Cas even settles on the couch.
People are going missing in Tulsa. He shoots Eileen a simple confirmation and doesn’t think twice about it.
Cas feels warm, and spends some grace carefully correcting his core temperature. Just to be safe.
He’s smiling a little bit to himself when he gets to his room. He really has the best older brother in the world.
It might be the same confused sadness of another situation, but Dean will be damned if he can think of one right now.
Then, the night encircles the four of them watching Mamma Mia, making commentary and occasionally pausing to explain things to Jack and Cas, who both seem very confused about why she would care about the identities of her biological parents. They have a spirited debate for all of five minutes before they realize they're all saying that biology isn't the important factor and go back to watching the movie.
Glancing at the Impala, she adds, “Maybe someday you’ll sign as well as Dean.” Smacking Sam with a kiss, Eileen uses his flabbergasted stupor to slide out of the garage with all the caramels.
Dean drives the next 3 and a half hours to Jody’s cabin in silence.
He’s also saying: you’re wrong about how you see yourself, and I know that because
He remembers Jimmy saying that having Castiel inside him was like being chained to a comet.
Another mixtape.
He has ABBA stuck in his head when he falls asleep that night.
It wouldn’t be the first time that Dean has threatened the whole heavenly host for one angel, and it probably won’t be the last.
“What would you have done?” Cas says, like he’s genuinely curious about what Dean’s plan in that scenario might have been. Dean doesn’t even have a response, is the thing.  Because that’s different. Dean wasn’t meant to live in this world — not like Sam, Cas, and Jack. Dean’s own life didn’t have meaning to him the way Cas’s did. Cas had died before, and each and every time, it had destroyed a part of Dean.
But Cas was nodding sagely, and Sam was agreeing, and Dean desperately needed to course correct.
From the bed, the abandoned walkman taunts him. After the disaster of Eileen playing the mixtape in the car, Dean moved it from Baby to his walkman, tossing it aside not to be thought about again.
So, first step: figure out what monster it is? Check. Now, second step: kill it.
Castiel shoots him a deeply unimpressed look, which has an exponentially more powerful effect at this short of a range. Dean feels the strange urge to tug at the edges of Cas’s dark hair, just where it peels off of his neck, to do anything to wipe the vaguely irritated look off of his face. Push it into real irritation. Get him to swing.
Distantly, Dean hears his own ragged breath and
Claire adds, “So you knew her before Cas then?” which reminds Dean of Claire’s insanity, but he’s tired, and he doesn’t even know how to begin questioning the stroke she appeared to have at the diner, so he shrugs and answers.
Dean can’t wait till she gets to the twist in the next episode where it turns out it’s not even EvilSexy, but Juaqeem (Dr. Sexy’s half brother) in makeup PRETENDING to be EvilSexy to save Daneel.
Sam can stuff his dumb crime podcasts where the sun don’t shine, though. Dean still has fucking taste.
It’s abandoning Sam’s body in a vampire-infested tunnel. It’s leaving Sam’s body to drag civilians out of the forest.
Jesus, what is happening to him? He’s always aware of when Cas is in the room, but this is — this is ridiculous.
Dean can't make himself say, “Of course. I'd listen to anything you'd give me.” He can't make himself say, “This may be the nicest thing someone’s ever done for me without the world being in the balance.” And he definitely can't make himself say, “Hey, so I love you, and you love me, why don't you just come to my room and stay and stay and stay?” He's firmly ignoring the part of him that's cheekily suggesting, “Hey, so I know the cure for love starvation.”
of who I am. I shouldn’t have to…I shouldn’t have to pretend it’s not, just to have my father in my life.”
, stumbles unceasingly into
he’s ripping off the headphones and slamming the walkman on the table without another thought.
“What’s up, Cas? What’s going on?” Dean says, scanning the treeline, resting his free hand on his gun. The girls left for their hike, but if there’s a threat near the cabin they may not be clear enough.
“It’s not about me,” Dean says. Because it shouldn’t be.
Dean's not sure how, but he's sure this is Sam's fault.
It’s not perfect. Dean still wakes up to nightmares more nights than not. Sometimes, Cas will smile in a particular way and Dean will see black goo. Sometimes, Dean’s anger punches out of him like a bullet from a gun. But it’s good. There is a comfortable routine to their chaos at the bunker.
“I have a gift for you,” Cas says, and Dean is still a bit recovering from their greeting, so he doesn't say anything in return, just opens his eyes questioningly.
“I —” Dean starts because he should say something, but Cas cuts him off by lifting his eyes from Dean’s scarred knuckles to look at his face. Dean watches his eyelashes as they part to reveal brilliant blue, finds himself trapped in Cas’s unrelenting gaze. Dean’s hand flutters uselessly in Cas’s grip, like he wants to rip his hand away but can’t.
Also, apparently it’s just...a fun time. A party, kinda.
has him sliding his window down, his hand gliding out into the sun.
Jack keeps crying, and Dean sorta starts rocking him. After a few minutes, Jack calms down enough that Dean can say, “Hey, buddy. What's going on?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Jack, though —  Jack he carefully spells out every time.
Dean fiddles with the wheel, pulling away from that thought. Focus on the facts.
Dean’s heart jumps into his throat, hand tightening on the walkman.
and hauls the kid out of the chair and into his arms.
He turns back to Eileen, about to sign “Smoothies?” when Eileen beats him to the punch with “I’m thirsty, too.”
She’s comfortable, Sam realises. Sam feels comfortable around her. Not comfortable like complacent. Comfortable like comforted.
“Any time,” Dean says, but he misses the mark for glib by a couple hundred miles. Cas’s eyes flick to Dean’s mouth when he speaks before sliding back to meet Dean’s gaze. Dean’s mouth goes dry, and he swallows against nothing.
God. Fuck. He's never going to be able to watch Tombstone and not think about how he wants to kiss Cas's stupid smile right off his mouth.
They wouldn't just leave. They like game night too much.
“Look, kid. I know it’s not the same thing at all, okay? But you’re not alone in this stuff. Sam’s got a pretty good grip on magic stuff these days. You can always talk to him, and if you — if you don’t want to talk to us, there are other witches and psychics. I bet Max would be thrilled to talk to you.”
Fuck. Castiel really. He really — Castiel is in love with him. He's just…undeniably, 100 percent in love with him. Castiel is in love with him.
“Thank you, Sam.” Cas smiles at the man in front of him, trying hard to offer comfort even though Cas hadn’t been able to explain that he was having a problem. “You’re a good man. I love you, too.”
Dean examines his beer. Gets up to get another.
Dean, because he can’t argue with that, says, “You’ll notice we’re very much not dating anymore.”
It’s going to end with Cas bloody and broken.
Okay, that’s not entirely true. It’s clearly a mixtape: the same dark cassette style, the same clear cover with a paper stuffed in the slot, the same rawboned script listing track titles and artists. There’s an additional paper in the back slot that wasn’t with the previous two mixes. It has writing on it, very small and very nonsensical, but that's a minor enough difference that Dean is ignoring it for now. He pops open the plastic cover on the cassette and, yup, the cassette even has the same writing on it.
Dean’s breathing fails. Trying to draw a breath, he hears a rattling wheeze instead. He takes three unsteady steps. He takes three more. He walks to his bedroom and closes the door. His knees cut out, and he's sliding down his door.
Shame, though. The tongues of liars. Dean’s scarred and useless hands. These things remind Dean of what he really is.
People filter in — Cas and Eileen, then Jack and Patience. Dean treats Patience gently, and Patience favors him with soft smiles, which seem to put Dean at ease.
“Jeez, kid — how much sugar did you have?” Dean says, somehow both fond and aggrieved. Cas remembers the Pop Rocks Incident and reaches out his grace to carefully put the display sword in Dean’s room.
Dean toys with the idea of googling the lyrics on his phone as he hunts for googly eyes, but that feels like cheating.
The anger rises atop a wave of relief. Of course Cas left. That’s what Cas does. He lies and says he loves you, then leaves you in the dust. Maybe Cas thinks he loves Dean, but no way this is love. That's not how it works.
The end effect is a frankly disturbing number of eyes staring at him out of the room as he dances terribly to music playing only in his head.
Dean, because he understands how dates work even if he’s not a good date himself, stays strategically out of their sight while working to never take his eyes off of them. He doesn’t even interfere when Claire and Kaia use the break after the opening act to put away a surprising number of shots. Kaia, who Dean had previously found mild-mannered and smart, eggs Claire on until the two of them are sloppy enough that during one of the lulls they actually smack into Dean at high speed to messily kiss him on the cheek like the world's strangest affection sandwich.
So, Dean has a plan.
Dean claws his throat open with breath. He’s dying. He’s in Hell. He’s in the garage. He’s dying. He’s drowning. He’s —
No one is around, so Dean just gives up the ghost and puts his face in his hands. Jesus, he used to be better at this.
A sob quakes out of Dean.
and Dean is laughing so hard he actually ends up sitting in the parking lot for a solid five minutes. He doesn’t even let the song end, just rewinds the whole tape and starts driving home.
. He executively decides that the details aren’t Jack's problem, and specifics aren't necessary here. “I made some mistakes, Jack. And, unlike you, I did know better when I made them. And then, in Hell, I made more mistakes, and I started the Apocalypse, and I brought demons and angels down on the world. And on Sammy. Hell, I got Cas injured or killed more times than should even be possible.” It doesn't hurt as much as he expects, to admit to Jack that all of this was his fault. He thinks it's because he knows that Jack needs to hear it. Jack needs to not blame himself, and Dean can give him that.
Dean feigns dumb, “Tell you about...Rob? I mean, I think you’d know more than me.”
Dean makes Cas all feeling and impulse. Dean is terrifying choice married to total will, and Cas burns under him. Dean’s anger punches out, and Cas can’t seem to stop himself from punching back.
His dad loved him.
He jams play on Baby’s tape deck, and thankfully House of the Holy starts playing. Impossibly, Dean can still faintly hear
“Cas, what the fuck?” Because,
Why is he so angry all the time?
Cas, exceedingly helpful at all things, says, “Well, I did die for you. I believe that’s rather romantic. I have read several romance novels and, also, Becky told me that it was — I believe ‘Peak Romance,’ is how she referred to it?” Oh, this is something we joke about now? Awesome. Dean is so fucked forever.
Dean is 2 hours away from the bunker, which he figures has got to be far enough, when he pulls over to fuel Baby up and fumbles the mixtape out of his pocket. The second mixtape.
The venue is packed. Dean’s superior height and Claire’s reflective blonde hair are the only reason he hasn’t lost them completely. People press in on all sides, and in one spectacularly stupid moment that Dean thought he saw someone’s eyes flash yellow, he almost pulled out his gun.
The conversation around breakfast is the sort of inconsequential nothing that Sam loves. Jack, Eileen, and Cas are having a conversation in sign language entirely too quickly for Sam to understand, and Dean and Patience are having a many-layered argument about
He opens his door.
“Awesome. Garth is already on the Ellensburg thing.” If possible, Sam furrows his brow more.
Eileen feels her heart lift, a cage of fear she wasn’t aware she’d been hiding in quietly unlocking around her. They make the invisible visible.
Dean lets out a sigh so big it appears to startle Cas into looking at him, which has the benefit of meaning that Cas is looking at him, and has the disbenefit of meaning that Cas is fucking looking at him.
“It’s not that. I maybe wouldn’t have chosen this life, but — but it’s my life. I’m psychic, Dean. I can’t exactly leave the supernatural behind.” Patience stares down at her cup, drumming her fingers on its side. “I don’t think I’m explaining this well.”
For the first time ever, Dean recognises something hungry there.
“The maulings in Tulsa, or the haunting in Ellensburg?”
and thinks about Castiel’s wings burnt into sand, trying to imagine how anyone could be worth that.
So he's totally unprepared when
For a brief, insane moment, Dean entertains the idea of telling her the truth — explaining Cas’s confession, the mixtapes, the misery of loving someone and knowing that it’s not enough. He imagines Jody’s quiet sympathy, her nodding along as Dean explains that Cas is too good for him anyway, and he imagines her taking him into the backyard and putting him out of his misery like a beloved pet that had developed rabies.
Cas is happy, and is maybe dating Dean. Cas is maybe happy, and dating Dean.
“Dean.” Cas said, and he was staring, and Dean knew, he just knew that this time it wasn't Cas saying his name to start a sentence. Dean's name WAS the sentence. But thank Jack for Jack, because Jack cut in before that sentence could get worse.
“But Dean,” Cas says, horrifyingly gentle, “You must know — I would have prefered to stay.”
He learned sign language for her.
“Honestly…I have no idea.”
It’s not far, but Aswangs are fast. She needs whatever lead she can get. Conveniently, Isabelle’s absurd McMansion backs up to a small forest, so Eileen tears out of the house and sprints. She can’t hear if the Aswang is behind her. She doesn’t know if she has a few feet or a few meters. She can’t afford to look, so she runs.
. That makes sense, too. Dean can’t quite remember the lyrics after that — something about
Dean wanders back from the kitchen, vaguely worried he might be needed.
for her English elective, “Cosmic Loneliness: Technology, Religion, and the Pursuit of Free Will,” which honestly sounds fascinating.
Dean is mind-numbingly bored. He has absolutely nothing to do. There isn’t a hunt for him to handle. Everything has someone on it already. The bunker’s clean. The warding is good. Dean’s double checked all the weapons. Hell, Dean is even thinking about going on a run, just to have something to
Within ten minutes, Dean swings by his room for a go-bag, pops into Jack’s room to say goodbye, and settles into Baby. He’s ten miles away when he takes his first free breath in days.
Dean's only ever raised one person. It was more of a struggle to keep him safe and fed than anything else, and he has no idea how Sammy turned out so good.
Cas vanishes in an explosion of sound, the fluttering of wings giving way to total silence. In the space of everything Dean didn’t say, in the hollow emptiness of the muddy field, Dean hears
“Duly noted, Dean.” Cas says, rolling his eyes in every way except for actually rolling his eyes. Somehow that’s when Dean realizes that Cas didn’t actually say he wouldn’t trade his life for Dean’s  — just that he wouldn’t do it without cause.
It’s a fun song. Embarrassingly, Dean finds himself dancing along. He’s alone in the kitchen though, so that’s fine.
He slides the headphones on and lets his fingers linger on his lips before hitting play. He rewinds it just a bit, and it’s not as hard to hear the words this time. Because Cas loves him, and somehow, against all odds, Cas knows that Dean loves him, too.
“Cas. You can’t trade your life for mine,” Dean says, and whoops, that was way too plaintive and honest.
Sam looks down. “No.”
The mere mention of Cas had blasted his mask to smithereens. He barely bit out a hushed, “Don’t.”
Claire is still staring down at where her plate was when she exhales, “What the fuck?”
Dean's not touching
Dean wants it to be over, and Cas is just starting. He was stupid to think they had a chance.
“Yes, Sam. I am, in fact, aware that Dean is Dean.” Cas responds, as sincerely as possible, which in this particular case is not very. As if Cas could ever forget who Dean is.
They toy with the idea that the monsters are actually selling some of the organs on the black market. Dean quiets for a moment, types a few words on his laptop, then swivels it to face Eileen.
Cas loves him. It still surprises him sometimes, though he can hardly conceive a version of himself that doesn’t.
It’s obviously not a strong instinct, since it sends her to the couch with him, but it’s definitely there.
Dean notices something glinting on the ground and wanders over to see his walkman carelessly discarded. He picks it up with reverent fingers.
pun did its trick, distracting Sam from Dean standing awkwardly in the middle of a room at 5:30 in the morning with no obvious objective, so he’s back to frowning at his phone. “I think Eileen has a case.”
Dean tries to flatten his hand on Baby’s hood like it will dislodge the hook in his shoulder, like it will remove Alistair's hands from around his neck, like it will take the knife out of his hand. His hand remains a fist.
Dean sits on the porch, stares out over the lake, and lets it wash away.
Dean sighs. It's a long breath expelled more than anything else. “Because, Jack. I want you to understand. I've made mistakes. Big mistakes. Mistakes bigger than you could even imagine. But, Sam and Cas — ” he falters here, but plows on because this isn't about him. It's just not. “Sam and Cas, they still need me, and they forgive me. Just like we still need you.”
“Oh, shut up!”
“What, you’ve got a crush?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, Sammy. Seeya tomorrow.”
And he stormed off.
The sound of the bell ringing cut through the house and stopped all conversations. Dean got up and opened the door to see Meg standing on the front porch, grinning smugly.
She walks away from Dean and crouches down at one of the bodies.
with an intensity that caught the teenager’s breath.
“For what?”
“Cas, it’s me, Dean. Please, look at me.”
He knew there was a lot to come. Good. Bad. He’d go through it all with his family at his side. Sam and Cas. And one day, maybe even his father.
“Got rejected.”
But instead of Cas he meets his brother who’s brooding over thick books reading ancient notes about angels and demons, tablets and prophets. The angel tablet is savely hidden in the depths of the bunker, a promise Sammy has given to Cas.
“We are proud of you, Castiel. You’ve done good.”
“Dean…”
Sam just shrugged at his nickname before saying: “I don’t know. How’s Cas?”
he reaches for Dean who’s now fuming. This time is going to be worse than all the other times because this time Castiel killed Sam. So Dean fights like one of the monsters he usually hunts. His resistance makes Castiel fall back and makes it harder to reach the hunter. A flap of his wings transports the angel right behind Dean and he snaps his neck with ease. One single tear escapes his eyes as he watches the brothers’ bodies lying on the floor.
“You asked me whether I really believe in God and Heaven and I told you that after the past I had you have to start believing.”
Apparently he found the injury.
“Why am I tied to a chair?”
Dean points at the wall behind him. Castiel shrugs, a gesture Dean is still not used to see on him.
. The hunter’s hand is clinging to the seam of his trench coat as Dean struggles to keep himself upright.
The moment Dean arrives at Sam and Eileen’s, he’s the happy older brother he’s supposed to be. He does his duty as Sam’s best man, even holds a speech, makes sure the married couple gets drunk and tries to have fun although the black hole in his heart is still sucking
She grabs his hair and yanks his head up.
“Dean?”
“This isn’t you.”
“Why don’t you ask him?”
There were nights were Dean did get some sleep. But there were also those nights where his brain wouldn’t stop screaming. Sometimes he would just lie on the small bed and stare at the ceiling (or the blackness where the ceiling should’ve been). When it got really bad he would do push-ups until he was too tired to stay awake.
“Mh, what?”
Dean pays for the drinks because Cas doesn’t know how to commit credit card fraud and they haven’t supplied him with one of the fake cards yet. Also, Dean wants to be the gentleman paying for the lady.
“Sonofabitch!”
Castiel’s face fell.
“Deal with the consequences.”
“I am. Now go and see your boyfriend because if I see you mooning over him for another second I’m going to throw up.”
“You told me that He is a merciful, loving god. What kind of god would put a ban on love?”
“This is all me, Castiel. Every inch of me is, well, me.”
“I wish I had faith like you. Something I can believe in.”
“When you’ve had a past like I had you start believing.”
Sam scoffed.
but dropped
The women give up eventually, leaving him just with the grumpy barkeeper and the alcohol.
“Hello, Dean.”
“It’s going to be okay,” Sam tried to ensure Dean.
, Dean pleads silently, willing Cas to regain consciousness but the form remains still.
“Gabe, you’re gross. Thanks.”
“Have you heard that?” Castiel suddenly asks. Dean stops and listens. It’s quiet.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel’s voice was deep and gravelly as always. He turned around and smiled warmly at the boy.
“Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned...”
Dean can’t keep the excitement from his voice. He has always heard stories about ghosts and vampires when he was little. Back when his mom had still been alive. It’s only natural that he would want to try and find one.
“Honestly, Dean, who do you want to fool?”
“Okay, listen Dean, we’re going to have this super cool party tonight and I know you’re free, so don’t try to find excuses, you’re coming.”
Castiel frowned.
Bobby’s giving me some space by exiting the garage.
“I know we’ve met but we were never introduced properly, so… I’m Sam, it’s a pleasure to meet you.”
. I don’t get girlfriends or boyfriends or friends in general. Charlie and Sam are the only people I have. So is it too much for a guy like me to be way overwhelmed by so much intimacy of a hot stranger?
He tried not to cringe at his own chick-flickiness. Sam gave him a compassionate smile.
“You should get that cleaned up.”
“I’m helping you, Castiel. I’m giving you a way to redeem yourself. I’m offering you a place in Heaven. Peace. Freedom. All I want you to do is follow my orders.”
The tenth time Castiel is forced to use Dean’s gun. The pistol is cold and heavy against his hand, but Castiel barely hesitates. His finger pulls the trigger and before he can even realize what he’s done there’s a gaping, bloody hole in Dean’s head, the face marred by anger and a little bit of surprise.
Sam shot a glance at Castiel. He was pale and still unconscious. Cuts and bruises were marring his face and although his body was covered by the blanket Sam was sure that the wounds wouldn’t stop there.
“The old me was boring. The old me is dead. He was so far in his closet, I had to drag him out before I was able to kill him. But don’t worry, I’m still him. I just don’t have any boundaries.”
“What I’ve done, – – ”
“You’re helpless.”
, Castiel cries silently,
“We should be heading home.” I nod.
“Just get out of here, soon. I have got to introduce you to someone.”
“Then you’re not important for me.”
“Whatever. They’re getting us for dinner, soon. Seeya on Wednesday, Cas.”
“Hiya, Sammy, what’s up?”
Castiel watches Dean, catches a glimpse of… resignation? He studies his bloodied features, fighting a war against himself.
He gets up without another word and walks to the bathroom, leaving Dean puzzled and disappointed.
He made himself, Sam and his dad a sandwich and watched the news while digging into his food (real food, this time. Not that crap back at the juvie).
“Are you drunk?”
think they are dealing with a kidnapper.”
“Just a little bit higher.”
facts. The ex-angel is doing well, better than the last time he made himself “hunter in training”.
Two hours later he’s kissed awake by chapped lips. Dean hums, still sleepy and returns the kiss, keeping his eyes closed. Cas
“First of all, I don’t flirt with all of them.”
“Is that – – ”
caught by the enemy and after they tortured me
Sam almost never swears.
Castiel stared at the hand for a second before slowly accepting it.
“Sure. Thank you, Dean.”
“What? No, I thought I’d lost you.”
Dean smiled and suddenly he was in a conversation. They walked outside as Dave had had some beers as well. Dean sighed
He nods.
“Why, Cas?”
“Sorry, angel.”
“What’re you doing here?”
“Let us help you.”
“And?”
“I’ll be there.”
The silence came back as Dean didn’t know what to add to that and Novak seemed to be lost in thought.
So yeah, that’s P.E. I try not to think about it too much. Just until the end of this year and I’ll be done with that. Forever. It’s a comforting thought.
“Call him.”
“Tell him. Be there for him. Getting away from stuff like anorexia is hell. Show him you care.”
I close the page. It seems strange to look at pictures of a man I’ve only met once. The next time I look at my phone the contacts are open, my thumb hovering over Castiel’s number. I swallow hard. Should I or…
My finger hovers over the call button, half an inch from touching it. I close my eyes and press down.
“Yes you are, Dean. Thank you.”
“Okay, what exactly do you wanna know?”
“Yeah.”
“You were in pain.”
“Hey, Cas. How’re you doin’?”
Dean nods and stirs until he finds a comfortable position to lie in. He curls himself around Castiel and sighs in content.
underneath.
“I, uhm… I do normally have glasses but Charlie said that I’m not supposed to wear them here because that’s not what people wear when they go to the club and I haven’t seen anyone else in there wear glasses so Charlie’s probably right but that’s not surprising because, oh god I’m rambling.”
“It’s bad. He’s been fasting and beating himself. ‘Twas a real nightmare when I found him.”
Castiel rolls his eyes.
“You do know that they are just fairytales.”
“What do you want, bitch?”
“He’s my brother.”
It’s not Sam, though.
Castiel reaches the other side and Dean can hear a quiet curse.
“You really like her, huh?”
“We can do that.”
Castiel closes his eyes as if to pray for divine help but Dean knows he’ll be there. Castiel always is.
“You’re right. I’m not.”
“Nothing. But I’ve been abe to reach Kevin. He agrees that we should keep it save until he can come and translate it for us.”
“Cas. Okay.”
Dean chuckled.
I’m still trying to figure out if I get eaten by Smaug if I call him. Even if I text him, could it be that I am just too late? Maybe I’ve ignored him for too long and now he’s pissed. But I do want to see him again. Want to know the stories behind his tattoos. Want to know what it would feel like to dance with him. Want to mock him without it being awkward. I want a lot of things and they involve pressing the green button on my phone.
“How do you know all that stuff?”
“Uh… no, but thanks,” Sam replied. “Although, could you tell me where I can get a cup of caffeine?”
“Now go and get your boy, I’ll go and get Jess. See you two at home.”
,” he whispered before shoving Castiel into the iron wall. The angel tried to regain control over his body but Dean’s grip was fierce.
“What do you want?” he asked, glaring at the demon.
I scroll further down to take a look at his recent posts. Some are from parties and outfits, most are photos of animals, though. There’s a bee and a butterfly, a duck family swimming on the pond near Lawrence. There is the cat Charlie has talked about. It’s beautiful, black with white paws, glaring at the camera. There’s another one with Castiel and the cat.
“Not funny,” Sam retorts and glares.
“Hey, hey there. Take it easy!”
Dean gulped.
“Yes it is because instead of talking about the new season Game of Thrones you’re mooning over some girl and as your best friend I have the right to know about it.”
It’s the receptionist. Of course she has to be the one overhearing them and Dean finds himself pinned to the wall, unable to breathe. The witch-killing bullets are still in the trunk, his gun has slithered out of his reach, it’s under the bed. Cas isn’t doing much better, considering that he’s out cold from where the witch kicked in the door. From where Dean hangs against the wall he can’t see any injuries so with a bit of luck Cas doesn’t even have a concussion. Yet.
“I’ve come to apologize.”
“What’ve you done? How’s that little brother of your’s?”
The fifth time Naomi wants him to kill Dean face to face. Castiel barely feels the punches his best friend throws at him, he ducks and although he doesn’t want to do it, he feels how his hands wrap themselves around Dean’s neck and press, almost gently. He can feel how Dean struggles against him, how his fingers claw at his vessel, how the hunter desperately tries to get some air. And against his better judgement, he waits until Dean’s head turns slightly blue, his body goes limp and his struggle deceases. It hurts like a bitch. Thankfully Naomi makes him forget.
He grinned and made a beeline to his room throwing his bag onto his bed while singing under his breath.
“Dean,” he began and forced himself to look into the demon’s eyes.
He cuts himself off with a hiss. Dean is alert, looking for injuries on Cas before eyeing the bandages on Cas’ back warily.
, needy enough to lift his head to make the contact between their mouths last as long as possible.
Sam looks up and meets Dean’s eyes, slowly shaking his head.
“I’m counting on it.”
He whispered the last word, averting his eyes, shame creeping up his body making him blush.
Dean has died. He has died because Cas is there on Sam’s phone talking to him and asking him to come back. He has died because, maybe, Cas doesn’t hate him, for what reason ever. He’s so full of feelings, almost exploding with them like when he was fifteen and got his first kiss.
Dean complies but doesn’t meet Sam’s eyes, his gaze firmly locked on his hands in his lap.
Dean’s head shot up at that comment.
Anywho, during that camp he met that cute guy who liked the woods and maybe they ended up making out that one night. Dean was afraid anyone could find out but it didn’t matter because they’d never changed numbers and he’d never met him again. His name’d been Dave, though. He remembered that name.
Dean rushed over to his friend’s side, holding out a hand when the father swayed.
Dean shrugged.
Despite my nervousness I need to grin.
“Morning, angel,” he whispers into his boyfriend’s ear, his voice still rough from sleep.
thought that. There’s that silence again before he opens the passenger door and gestures towards it.
“If you keep growing like that, you’ll be taller than me.”
“Just saying, jerk.”
He can’t believe what he’s hearing.
“I’ve fallen in love. I’ve deceived God. I’ve broken the Ten Commandments.”
“Of course.”
“Hey, Dean. You’re late.”
Then they are quiet again. The only sounds that can be heard are the cars from the highway. Dean takes a look at the partly intact desk. There’s rotten paper and the stinking corpse of a mouse but beneath that…
“Hop in and I take you with me so you don’t have to go on your own.”
“I’m your brother, Dean, and I don’t know if you noticed but you look like crap. Tell me what’s wrong.”
Dean smirked.
“I’m sorry,” he whispers not meeting Dean’s eye.
“Cas? Are you fine in there? You’ve been showering for, like, hours, dude!”
“Thanks for, you know, speaking up and everything. I really appreciate it.”
Dean smiles sadly.
“She who lends Her powers to me.”
He tried to move past Dean but the teenager was faster.
They check into a cheap motel room with only one bed, ignoring the knowing look of the receptionist. Dean and Cas change into their cheap suits, playing FBI agents. Questioning the relatives of the girls is standard. Dean briefs Cas and lets him handle most of it, only asking a question here and there to clarify
“Come on, angel, let’s get you to a hospital,” Dean suggests.
“Like I’ve been cursed by a witch.”
Dean sighs and shakes his head.
Sam smiled.
“Gimme ten.”
“Okay. Just know that if you do want to talk I’m here.”
t go there. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not a wimp and my dad taught me how to stand up against assholes. The last time I punched a bully he had to have surgery to get his nose fixed. And I got expelled from school and Dad had to send me and Sammy to another one.
Cas jumps at the sound of Dean’s voice so close to his ear. Dean chuckles quietly.
“I haven’t always been a man of the cloth. A couple of years ago I was struggling with some serious issues.”
“I’m gonna see if he’s doing alright.”
Cas smiles.
“Now you do it.”
tees. Dean gives him a fond look before handing him a mug of coffee that his man mistreats with a ton of sugar and milk. But Dean thinks he’ll be able to overlook that detail because the look of pure bliss on Cas’ face as he chugs that stuff is so adorable that it makes Dean’s teeth ache.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come on, Cas, I’m not a girl, hit me,” he says, smirking.
That was the other bad thing about being released from detention center. He was getting attention from the wrong people.
and thinking about whatever they think about.
“You should read the Bible, Dean. It’s very inspiring.”
I learn a lot about Cas. That he has a lot of brothers and sisters. That his cat Peanut came to him two years ago from the street with a hurt paw and he bandaged him and when Peanut was healed he decided to stay. I tell him about Sam. About my brother’s plans to graduate from school as best student and go to college. About my plan to earn enough money to make Sam’s dream come true. About Bobby. About my car.
Castiel just hates himself a little more for that sentence.
“That so?”
“You’re welcome,” Cas replies and secures the last band-aid.
Castiel groans.
“It’s just… people find me weird when I start to talk about bees. Or flowers. They think it doesn’t fit my physical appearance. They are disappointed after the first date.”
And then he’s gone, and the cab driver gets impatient so I get inside and tell him to drive me home.
“I’ve sinned, I need to be punished, I deserve to be punished, I – – ” He sounded desperate, helpless.
“Hey, little bro, your boytoy is here!”
Now would be the perfect time to answer, Winchester.
“I’m sorry, Dean, I shouldn’t have...”
“You didn’t ask last time.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Why is that?” Castiel asks.
“I – – ”
A kind, sad smile responded to that question.
Cas blushes hard. I think it looks good on him. I really want to make him blush more often…
He knew that Cas had tried to reach him. Once Sam came home from school carrying a letter that Dean threw behind his bed without opening. His name had been written on it with the small, neat handwriting he knew from the sermon Castiel had been preparing
When Castiel didn’t continue Dean looked up directly into those really blue eyes.
“Your friend will be fine.”
Sam’s face went red. “No!”
“Cas, what the hell…?”
“Thank you, Dean.”
The Castiel I see right now is a totally different person from the man I met at the club. He seems shy, careful, insecure.
Dean is swaying as if he can’t hold himself upright when he reaches out for his angelic friend.
“And? You got a guy?” Dean couldn’t help but ask.
Castiel nodded.
“You think my sacrifice was superfluous.”
I frown. Isn’t that the idea of dating when you like someone?
Cas huddles closer to Dean and puts his arms around him, hiding his head in Dean’s neck.
Dean struggles against the magical bonds but feeling
It’s the worst advice she’s given me since the pepperoni incident. And that says a lot.
“His name’s Castiel.”
Dean decided that just splashing water into his face wasn’t enough. So he stripped and took a long, cold shower. It sobered him up but didn’t stop his thoughts. They still circled around the dark haired priest with those vibrant, gorgeous blue eyes. Had he just called Father Castiel Novak
“Of course.”
, unable to move until a monk found me and brought me to his monastery. He healed me and taught me about faith and God. I dedicated my life to Him because I had to start somewhere. My whole life is not enough to do penance for the sins I have comitted.”
The hunter pulled him into a hug.
Dean stared at the person who occupied the bed. Cas had never looked so broken.
“Sorry.”
“Yes, but not all the time. You’re not supposed to me my dad. That’s Dad’s role. It’s not your fault that he’s not a good father.”
“What?”
“Sammy and Jessica, sitting on a tree.”
“You’re not getting out of this.”
Castiel and Dean are smiling brightly at the camera, hands intertwined, Dean wearing a dark tee with a stitched-on bee, Cas wearing Dean’s Led Zeppelin hoodie. It’s one of Dean’s favorite pictures of them. Cas looks so happy, leaning into Dean’s side, a small blush reddening his cheeks. Dean quietly runs a finger down the glass before smashing it to the ground in one swift motion. The glass shatters into a million pieces. He smiles in grim satisfaction.
Charlie snorts.
“I have watched you for the last couple of days and I am concerned about your withdrawal from all activities. You are here to give your life a new direction, one to ensure you don’t get in trouble.”
One time Castiel stood next to his car when he came from school. Dean turned around and went the other direction, deciding that going into a bookstore was very much worth it if it meant that Cas wouldn’t try to talk to him.
“Don’t be sorry. I managed before I knew you, I’ll be able to manage now.”
“Could you please come home? I – I miss you.“
Dean radiated temptation. His hair was longer than it had been when they had parted and it didn’t make him less attractive. His green eyes were sparkling with a provocative look, making it hard for Castiel to suppress a groan. And lastly there was his smirk. The left corner of his mouth was barely raised, giving Castiel the impression that he was being played with. Sam had been right. It was a very bad idea. Castiel swallowed heavily.
Castiel’s voice is deep, gravelly and it’s totally not sending shivers down Dean’s spine as he’s eyeing the wall he’s about to climb over.
“I could need somebody like you, Dean. So, I’m making you a one-time offer. Stick with me and I share thirty percents of my winnings with you.”
“Don’t you understand? The only other angel with black wings is the Devil himself. In their eyes I am not better than Lucifer who every angel wishes to kill. No matter what I do to redeem myself, I will never be accepted ever again.”
The first time it takes Castiel an hour. Afterwards he falls to his knees cradling Dean’s dead body in his arms, tears flowing freely. Dean’s still warm, the warmth radiating through Castiel’s cold, numb limbs. He rocks back and forth, screaming in pain, wishing for something to kill him. But he doesn’t die. Naomi slaps him on the shoulder and congratulates him and then Castiel forgets.
“I’m sorry, angel."
“I won’t let him.”
A loud whipping sound cut through the air and caused Dean to jump. Skin tore open, blood staining the scourge. The priest bit back a sob but Dean could still hear it, his eyes widening in horror. He rushed to his friend’s side and fell to his knees next to him, grabbing Castiel’s wrist to stop him from hurting himself even more.
It’s quiet on the way to the Roadhouse. Castiel doesn’t seem to mind the quiet although I think he could watch the road more carefully. There’s not a lot for him to see, anyway. I have a nice eyesight, though.
Cas sinks back into the pillows. Dean gets up, smiling like a maniac at how domestic they are.
Castiel chuckles.
“Dean?”
A move at the corner of his eye told Dean that Novak was now looking at him.
Dean hugged her close and nodded.
“Well, be careful next time. And tell Sam when your batteries aren’t full.”
Instead of answering, Cas leans back into Dean’s embrace, grinding ever so slightly against the hunter’s crotch.
“I have to tell you something. You might want to sit down.”
“It’s not your fault, Dean.”
“You’ve done enough. You don’t need to hurt yourself, Cas.”
“So you can whip yourself to death? No way!”
“Hello, Dean.”
“I don’t mean to intrude, but you look terrible. Is there anything I can do for you?”
“That would’ve been my problem. Cas, you just lost all your mojo! You’ve sacrificed your immortality and power.”
“Watch me.”
I sigh and quickly type an anwer just to shut her up.
Dean’s head rolls back. There are blood stains on Castiel’s coat, the blood runs down his hand, warm and welcoming.
The ride home was pleasant but uneventful. Dean hummed to Zep on the radio and tapped along on the steering wheel, taking a second or two every now and then to turn his head and look at the preacherman riding shotgun.
They were interrupted by a sound of fabric brushing against fabric.
. It takes him only a week to move to Texas.
“It’ll go away. I’m lucky it’s just my leg.”
Cas sighs.
“I don’t care. I want you with black wings because they are a part of you.”
“Oh, hello,
water and after he’d settled in with more comfortable clothes he went to the kitchen to check on his father. John was still sitting there staring into thin air not noticing his surroundings.
“Me too, Cas.”
“I think it’s because our Father wants us to make our own mistakes and learn from them.
Castiel just nodded and turned back to the altar. He carefully placed a Bible there, one of the old ones with the fancy handlettering and pictures.
Way too soon the guy pulls back again, smirking and not breaking eye contact, licking his lips slowly. I really wish I wasn’t wearing tight pants.
Castiel studies Dean’s face. The bruises, the cuts, the blood. His face is marred, almost mushed beyond recognition. Dean must be hurting endlessly.
“Sure. I’ll be there.”
“See, it hasn’t been that bad. I haven’t killed anyone of them.”
when he entered the church. Castiel looked tired. There were bags under his eyes and his head was hanging low.
Dean grinned.
Dean entered his and Cas‘ bedroom to find his boyfriend standing in front of the hunter’s knife collection, right next to the wall with the guns. They were sparkling and shining, reflecting the light from the ceiling lamp. Castiel wasn’t wearing his trench coat, a habit that had it’s origins in Dean’s remark that if the angel was in an almost domestic relationship (they had a home now, after all) he’d have to lose that damn thing from time to time. He’d reluctantly agreed. Plus, Castiel did look hot only in slacks and a white shirt.
“Dean?”
Sam just nods.
Way to soon the rush eases. He’s covered in blood, at some point a vamp must have bitten him because his shoulder burns like fire. He shrugs it off. Still panting he turns around to take a look at Castiel. The ex-angel seems to be fine, there’s a body lying behind him. He doesn’t seem to be injured too severely.
“Cas?” He hated how weak his voice sounded.
The guy nods, then becomes sincere, looking at me with that intensity that makes me shiver ever so slightly. How the holy Enterprise does he do that?
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he whispers.
“Cas?”
“Hey, Cas. What happened to your leg?”
Dean threw a glance at Father Novak.
“Of course not.”
“I said,” Cas repeats, “your hair is really soft after you wash it.”
“Shut up!”
“No, Dean, I do. Because if you want to stay my friend you need to know. But I would understand if you don’t want to talk to me afterwards.”
The guy smirks.
“As you wish,
I half-smile.
“Relax, Dean, I’m joking. How’s tomorrow night?”
. It just added to Dean’s confusion. Castiel turned to Dean but didn’t look him in the eye, just faced his slender hands instead.
Castiel smiled.
“It’s just, you’re implying that we meet a second time.”
Of course Charlie is happy to hear the news. After all she’s not the one whose heart is about to leap out of their chest from the fear and anticipation and excitement and fear. Did I mention fear?
Nothing more. Dean doesn’t enjoy Castiel stroking through his now almost dry hair. He really doesn’t. He also doesn’t think about what it would be like if Cas would do that more often. On movie nights. In bed. At the kitchen table just to annoy Sam. He must smile at that.
Michael stares him down, the coldness in his eyes making Castiel flinch.
Dean’s face broke into a smirk. “So, there actually is a girl!”
“Do I look like your maid, Cassie?”
“Accepting me. Caring for me enough to let me live with you.”
“Cas, are you alright?”
“I don’t know. Ten minutes, twenty… It’s not like I ran immediately.”
Dean hides away from his own cringiness. A rough, calloused hand caresses his cheek and turns his face to look at him.
Castiel doesn’t think twice.
“That sonofabitch was insulting Meg. She could’ve kicked ass without me of course hadn’t she gotten the message that her dog died this morning. He also really had it coming. Is a dick.”
“I thought, hey I know that face. How’ve you been?”
“Maybe. It’s at least worth a shot.”
“You’re not of age, Dean. What kind of monster would I be if I – – ”
Dean didn’t respond. The Castiel in the story was not the man he knew. It was hard to imagine him killing anybody. But if it was true, if Castiel had killed a close friend of his..
Sam pats his back and Dean flinches.
Dean chuckled.
Dean hugged Sam good-bye and told him he’d be out in two weeks, then his little brother was gone.
“Dean,” I whisper, voice hoarse, not from the cold I’m afraid.
He became quieter to the end of the sentence.
Castiel averted his eyes, ashamed. Dean rushed to his side, invading Cas’ personal space when he gently grabbed the other man’s chin.
“I … uh, gotta go. Sammy’s waiting, so… Seeya, Cas!”
“You want it? Take it!”
There was a sleepy groan and then Castiel’s eyelids fluttered until his eyes opened and Dean was captured by their bright blue, a little darker than usual from sleep.
Dean nods and glances over to where Cas is sitting, reading a book.
She spins around and then the machete is only an inch from Dean’s throat.
“You should get some shut-eye.”
“Your brother can be glad he’s got you.”
“You’ve got a dvd player?”
When I come back down, hair still damp but clean, clad in a pair of washed out denim and a plain black tee I catch a glimpse of the pimp mobile’s owner. Bobby is handing the car keys over to him and when the owner turns I make out a lip piercing and dark blue hair. I stop breathing. But Castiel has spotted me already, smirking and waving me over.
“Careful. You don’t want to be distracted while fighting.”
Dean doesn’t wait for Cas to follow him but exits the room. He can hear the chair scrape over the wooden floor when his boyfriend stands.
Okay, maybe Dean had forgotten that Sam was still listening.
“Of course I know the Roadhouse. They make the best burgers in town and I’m a sucker for burgers.”
Dean huffs. “Just leave it, Sam.”
“You need to know that I was very good with guns. I was the best in my garrison. I rarely missed. The enemy knew that. And they offered to spare my life if I killed and tortured for them. And selfish and naive as I was, agreed. They opened the restrains, tended my wounds, gave me clean clothes, something to eat and an order. I had to find one of my friends and bring him to my new boss.”
“Just call me Castiel.”
I wince.
“But why?”
Dean shook his head and let himself fall back on his bed.
Dean can hear the blood rushing through him, filling him with life, adrenaline making his senses clearer. He‘
“Hey, Cas.”
“Tomorrow sounds good.”
He paused and scratched the back of his neck.
“I abandoned Heaven when I spared you.”
She reaches forward. The touch of her hand on his cheek makes him jump but he’s cornered. Naomi smiles.
“I think she’s still missing out.”
“Demons lie.”
And Castiel is glad he’s got a brother like Gabriel because even though he sometimes hides Castiel’s boxers and leaves nothing but pink panties he’s still there when Castiel needs him.
The perks of going to other people’s parties was that the booze technically was their fault. So, if Dean drank alcohol he couldn’t be blamed. At least that made sense after … enough beers. He was slightly swaying and maybe he also kind of stumbled over his own feet. Fact was he almost bumped into a guy.
“Sammy, I’m home!”
“Doesn’t make a difference, ya know? I could’ve stopped. I should’ve stopped. But I kept on beating them. There was such a rage inside me. Smashing their faces just felt so
“I think we can arrange that. Spoon?”
Dean didn’t visit Cas for a week after that. They were two weeks into December when he couldn’t resist the urge to see the father again. But when he entered the church he found it to be empty. No priest, no believers seeking forgiveness or what they did when they came to church.
“He did, Sammy, believe me.”
“What?”
“Why is he singing about painted doors?”
Dean sat next to Castiel’s sleeping form for what felt like hours. He felt himself slowly dozing off when he fought he’d seen something in the bed stir.
Way too soon he had to turn off
Dean didn’t stop, his feet hitting the ground as he sped up, running almost blindly, his heart beating furiously in his chest, three words repeating themselves in his head until they were interrupted by another, more terrifying sentence.
Dean sighed.
It’s only when I get ready for bed that I find the little piece of paper in the back pocket of my jeans. I curiously open it to find a number scrawled on hastily and the words
It’s not like he can talk to Cas about it. Or god forbid,
Dean chops and dices and generally does whatever Jody tells him to. He lets the sound of the girls and Donna in the other room waft into the kitchen, carried along by the softly playing radio. He lets it settle somewhere between his shoulder blades.
Dean blinks at the spot where Zadkiel was for several moments. His eyes snap up to Castiel, because what the Hell has Cas been saying to these angels?
Cas pulled up short in surprise as he traversed the finish line, startled at his own wild joy. When Indra barrelled over behind him, they collided into each other, Cas tugging Indra higher, laughing all the while. Soon, Indra was laughing along as they played a strange game of tag in their flight towards Heaven. Cas complimented his brother’s flying, Indra flush and happy with the compliment.
“No, you numskull, tell me about your husband.” Jesus, he forgot how hard Cassie hits.
behind him, so at least he knows he has no witnesses.
To do it twice — that’d be unforgivable.
There are so many things about Dean that Sam still doesn’t know. How many times has Dean carried Sam out of the fire? How is there anything left of them that isn’t burnt to ash?
God destroys the world
Sam looks contrite. “Sorry. Yeah. I’m just thinking.” With Sam, that’s a given, but he’s still looking at Dean like he’s not positive if Dean is really there or some elaborate illusion. It’d be more worrying if that wasn’t an actual possibility with the lives they lead. Dean lowballs him an explanation.
before he can make his hand move again.
and Loving Violence.
The stars, the drive. Standing with Cas at the threshold of his bedroom, searching for a way to invite Cas in. It’s weird to not be able to tell Cas something, but he couldn’t work his jaw to entreat Cas inside. He couldn’t think of a different way to get the words past his mouth. He’d laid on the bed that night, unable to sleep amidst a completely nonsensical longing.
Dean gets a fitful four and a half hours of sleep. His thoughts are too loud, his bed still too big. He’s still thinking about Patience, trying so hard to be the perfect daughter but unwilling to give up on who she is. He’s thinking about Jack, who only ever wanted Dean’s approval and barely gets gruff words. He’s thinking about how young they both are, how bright and beautiful.
Sam, who managed to absorb himself in a book in the 10 seconds that Cas tried to formulate a response, hums in reply before pulling his attention back to Cas. “Oh. Yeah. Everything’s good.”
if Dean could let down the shackles of his anger (
tagged on afterwards doesn’t quite fit, since Cas is one of the bravest people Dean knows, angel or not.
It's not graceful when he deposits Jack into his bed, but it is functional — and functional is the Winchester way.
Dean knows where he’s going when he dies. He’s not stupid. He just doesn’t get why he keeps going there now.
Let Sam teach the kid how to shoot. Dean's not going to do it.
“Sorry,” she adds, gesturing at his chest, like her crying was some horrible inconvenience for him.
Eileen peeks one eye open.
“Okay, l — He’s...he’s not. That’s just a coincidence.” Claire and Kaia are howling with laughter, and Dean shoots Claire as dark a glare as he can muster because this is her fault.
Zadkiel must have landed closer to Castiel because Dean is able to make out, “I am unable to locate Dean Winchester, Castiel. It’s possible he’s been kidnapped by a great evil.” Dean, who has just made it to the kitchen to grab a beer, smiles at that. He decides to take his beer on the back porch to continue his torture at the hands of the great evil.
He tore through the bunker, and when that yielded no result, he called Dean while tearing through again. When Dean didn’t pick up, Cas unashamedly panicked. Dean had sounded like he was dying, and Cas couldn’t find him.
Plus, Cas loves him. He does. So, he got tired of dating Dean. But he does love Dean. So, Dean can listen to the tape. It was a gift. You get to keep those.
He wants and he wants and he wants. Dean is constantly wanting things he knows he shouldn’t. It used to be easier to put them away. Dean had pushed them so far down that he’d thought he didn’t have any wants at all. He wants a mattress that remembers him. He wants good food. He wants Baby to run forever. He wants Sam to be safe. He wants Jack to be happy. He wants Cas to be — he wants Cas to…
Making chili occupies his hands and his mind for about 20 minutes, and then it just needs to wait and not boil over.
Hell, the first time he woke up next to her screaming, she’d made jokes about how she didn’t hear a thing, even as she’d gently untangled herself from his trembling to get him water. It’s like she somehow just knows what to do.
just as the sun is peeking up over the trees, shooting beams of free light like knives cutting through the air, and he smiles.
He listens to
Dean deserves a happy ending, but Sam has no idea how to give him that. Especially when Dean won’t even admit that he could want something more. That he isn’t happy.
Cas loves him. Cas wants him. Cas chose Dean in a room with no doors, and then chose him every day since then.
“I can’t what, Dean? I can’t love you?”
“Cabbage is just pretentious lettuce,” Dean fires in return, popping the cap off his and taking a sip that’s long enough to say ‘God I love beer’ but hopefully not long enough to say ‘what the fuck is wrong with me’.
“You're up early!” Sam says brightly from the doorway to the kitchen, and Dean doesn't scramble to shut off the walkman — he just also doesn't…not scramble to turn off the walkman.
him. If it was some sort of sex thing. If Cas, with his smoldering voice and his piercing eyes, had sat down next to him at a bar.
“Should we be worried about that?”
Dean sits in that field for an hour, carefully repeating the song. He burns it into his heart, trapping it in his chest. At some point, he looks at the first paper and reads “10. Can You Feel My Heart by Bring Me The Horizon.” He can’t make himself look at the other paper.
Dean actually can't think about Cas making the tape. His mind jumps away from that thought like it’s red hot and could burn him.
, but Cas also listens to some weird shit. They'd had a whole night once where Cas had gotten his hands on some Tibeten throat singing, and Dean and Cas had sat around the record player until they got drunk enough to try for themselves.
Dean's orbiting Cas, who's orbiting the Sun, but Dean's the only one that can burn. He's not chained to a comet. He's already been hit by it full force and he's simply taken 10 years to disintegrate.
He has to open the fridge. No, wait. First step. He has to move his hand.
. But see, the problem is, Jack's the kid, and it's not his job to untangle them.
Cas is standing up and straightening his right sleeve. Dean sticks his hand in his pocket and rakes his nails across his thigh in a desperate bid to calm down.
Yeah. Dean's an idiot. This is a love song. Cas made him a mixtape of love songs. He fiddles with the paper so he doesn't have to think about that too hard before he has to stop.
But they’re allowed now. He’s allowed to look at the muscles in Cas’s wrists, and the hollow of his throat, and the curl of his hair.
“That’s —” Jesus, what the fuck is Dean even supposed to say to that?
Dean grips the walkman tightly, like it weighs tons rather than pounds in his grip. He still has a use.
But Sam’s not a kid anymore. He doesn’t need Dean’s approval for every little thing. “Yea, everyone’s fine. He’s inviting me to a lunar ceremony.”
. He abandons the room, figuring he might as well start cooking now. He can make chili. It won’t be ready for hours.
Dean clenches his right hand tighter. He starts the song over. His left foot bounces, agitated. He frowns.
Souls much brighter than Dean’s.
Dean takes off the headphones, puts his phone to charge, and doesn’t bother to set an alarm. He lays himself down for a night of uneasy sleep.
He rewinds the song. Maybe it wasn't as romantic in context?
“Your love is a selfless thing.” Cas cuts Dean off, again. Dean frantically revisits the part of the conversation where Cas had assured him that he didn’t have another deal. “I do not feel that way for you.”
Dean’s not stupid. He knows that loving someone isn’t always enough. This though — this feels like something else entirely. James loves his daughter, but not all of her. Patience loves her father, but it’s eating her up inside. James gave her a beautiful house. He gave her food, and safety, but only as long as she ignored the psychic thing screaming out inside her. Patience tried to smother it, but when she couldn’t — because she couldn’t —
The Next Right Thing slides under his armor the tiniest bit: What now? What does he do now? Cas and him are too broken to ever work. Dean broke them. He can’t ‘little goals’ himself into being the right person for Cas. Dean can’t even pretend like —
like there was any other way to see him.
The second thing she did was hold him tightly as they sank to the floor crying.
because Dean and Cas weren’t Destiny. Cas chose Dean.
Cas had been aware. He’d known, of course: movie dates, secret smiles, late night chats. Cas had Easy A downloaded into his brain. He is familiar with the concept of dating. However, he hadn’t confronted the depth and strength of that emotion, and hadn’t prepared himself to be the object of Dean’s love.
Why would Cas put this on the tape? Did he know?
“You tell Eliam that being the older sibling is a serious job.” Dean lets himself smile back at Cas. Why shouldn’t he? Cas smiles so easily these days. “And tell Zad to stop wandering into trouble. Family needs to take care of each other, and I’m gonna be real annoyed if I have to hunt him down and kick his ass.”
He drives.
“Right? Yeah! Now there’s just us, and Jack, and Tuesday Night Game Night.”
Dean responds with the sign “Brother.” Of course. Of course that was Dean’s first concern. Because Eileen is stupid enough to cheat on her partner in front of his brother. In front of his
Dean, who probably used up all his words for the month at the beginning of the conversation, says next to nothing for the rest of breakfast. Then, Cassie is waving them off, as she needs to go to some meeting, and Dean is grabbing the waiter to get her a muffin, because Cassie had clearly gotten distracted by them being there and hadn’t eaten anything. Cassie laughs her beautiful laugh, and Dean spares a quick second thinking again how happy he is she’s alive, and then she’s gone like she was never there.
He rewinds the song.
Dean doesn’t even pause. Doesn’t rewind. Just drives faster and lets the next song play, his mind roaring with Cas’s voice, “I’ll be the one to watch you murder the world.”
Because what could that possibly mean other than goodbye? Because what version of that confession ended with them together?
The problem then becomes not “is Isabelle the monster?” but “what kind of monster is Isabelle?” With some subtle stalking, Eileen drops holy water in Isabelle’s morning Starbucks, Dean drops a silver coin into her palm via truly horrible flirting, and they both disgustingly oversalt her salad (Eileen feels bad about that one. The poor waitress did not deserve to be yelled at — if Eileen wasn’t already planning on killing Isabelle, that interaction would have been enough to convince her it was necessary).
“Dean.” Sleep-addled, his voice sounds so much like his father’s. Dean turns around and looks at the kid. He's clearly still half asleep, but his grip is insistent.
the song repeats, and Dean thinks of every single time that hasn’t been true.
Sam — brilliant, clever Sam — had said, “Yeah. Yeah, actually, I think we can.”
Dean’s been carefully encouraging Sam’s growing interest in magic. It’s hard for Sam not to be curious after it’s saved their skins so many times, particularly after everything Rowena taught him. Still, there’s a big difference between wanting to know practical reversal or dispersal spells, strengthening wards, anti-scrying charms — Sam can argue the obvious utility of those — and wanting to socialize with other practitioners.
Eileen keeps tripping up. She miscalculates, expecting Dean to do one thing before he does another. The case is already messing with her head, and hunting with Dean makes her hyper aware of every action, ready to justify any decision that Dean might question. Dean never does.
It's possible he should start laying off the red meat. He can't tell if his chest is tight because
God, is Cas being so weird because he thinks Dean is gonna throw him out? Dean can’t blame him, but Cas has a place here as long as he wants it. Even if he doesn’t want it, the room will always be there.
He wants to build a sconce — one of those sturdy, wrought iron ones you see on the walls of fortified castles. Better yet, he wants to invent electricity. He wants a version of himself where light isn’t a fight to maintain. Dean’s not sure he deserves it, and it seems impossible to achieve, but here — in a motel room that could be any motel room anywhere in the country — Dean allows himself to want it. Just for a moment.
Seconds later, he grabs his phone to try again. Nothing. It’s not like Jack or Sam won’t be able to tell Cas where he is. He puts the phone in his pocket, fingers brushing the mixtape that’s hidden there.
that he’s breathing. He has to be breathing. His chest feels compact, like Billie’s cold fingers still curl around his heart.
She runs off, presumably to tell Claire the news. Dean stands up to wash their mugs, and his hands for good measure. The coil of Alistair's voice creeps inside him, a reminder of how prettily Dean had begged. He carefully dries the mugs and puts them away.
The first says “7. Parachute (Acoustic) by Ingrid Michaelson.” Dean stalls, wondering why acoustic and not the original. He recognizes he’s stalling, sucks in a breath, and holds it so that reading Cas’s quiet anger might hurt less. He flips to the second paper for “7. You were worth falling for.”
The thing is, Cas doesn’t sleep. He has a room of his own, but he rarely spends nights there. Dean knows Cas and Jack sometimes go on their own “we don’t sleep much” adventures late at night, and if not that, Cas has all sorts of beautiful things he likes to go see.
Castiel was in love with Dean, and he didn’t care who knew it. He also didn't require anything beyond acknowledgment of his love’s existence. Dean tried to imagine a love that didn’t ask anything of him and simply couldn’t. Dean’s love had always been need. Dean’s love demanded loyalty, begged to be loved in return. Dean’s love had no patience, none of Cas’s forgiving care. Dean’s love was violent and silent. Cas’s love was gentle and spoken.
Dean and Eileen mostly kick mud around on the side of the road, staring into harsh sun, before hopping back in the Impala and driving to the house of the unlucky soul who found the bodies.
“It’s not Eileen — it’s Max,” Sam snaps, purely to shut Dean up.
“Yeah, Donna. I’m with Claire. What the fuck?” Kaia chimes in. Jody smothers a smile at that.
so stuck in his head that he’s doing something between dancing and laughing as he glues googly eyes to Sam’s bed, mirror, ceiling, floor, and a couple of his guns. The rest he pours over Sam’s sheets and his desk. He puts exactly one set underneath the toilet lid.
Cas had wanted him, too.
, and he knows — he’s not stupid, okay — he
Cas figures his dates with Dean are a dead give away, if nothing else.
He had. He would again. Dean examines Eileen again in his head, holds her up in the rotation of their peculiar family, and realises she’s someone his violence has only ever saved.
and Dean starts laughing.
“A little bit, dude,” Dean says, because if he doesn’t tell him, Eileen absolutely will. It’s hardly a bad thing. It’s not like Eileen hasn’t already died once. “Here’s the thing. I could use the chance to stretch my legs, so I’m gonna text Eileen and see if she doesn’t mind me crashing, whether you like it or not. So, it’s sorta out of your hands now.”
Cassie plows on, likely aware of the shit pot she’s stirring but enjoying it anyway.
There’s nothing left inside him.
“Detroit.”
Nothing could prepare him though.
So he laughs and says, “That bad, huh?”
Dean remembers that line. Dean could never forget that line.
Dean’s left hand spasms around a phantom limb. He thinks about the way Cas's eyes flash when he's angry. Not with grace, just with beautiful, righteous anger.
The song slides over.
It's still there, faded and faint as it is. In the soft light of Jack's room, it seems to glow softly. Jack really is the smartest of them all because he understands what it is immediately and whispers, “That's Castiel's.” Simple as that.
Dean nods yes without hesitating. Kaia’s grin splits into a real smile as she vaults into Dean’s space to wrap him in a quick hug. “Thank you so much, Dean! You won’t regret it.”
He thinks of the way some part of Cas’s second mixtape had twisted Dean up inside, and Sam saying, “You can’t let him misinterpret.” Cas’s smile widens on his face as he comes to the clearest logical conclusion.
Dean’s not really sure how he’s supposed to respond. He lets the song play out.
Dean wasn’t sure that he deserved a soft ending, but Sam and Cas insisted. He knew better than to stand between them and something that they wanted. Dean hadn’t been sure there was peace for someone like him, at least not peace that didn’t come at the point of a knife or the wrong end of a gun, but here — right here — he feels it. The languorously stretching expanse of life that he doesn’t have to fight for. He feels life.
“When did you meet?” Dean is calculating whether or not he can just slide Baby into reverse and drive away, but Claire and Kaia are grabbing their stuff from the backseat to transfer over to Claire’s shitty Volvo, and he’s not actually willing to run them over.
“Yes.” Castiel says, frowning further. Castiel has no concept of shame, no difficulty saying things about how he feels because he sees no reason why he shouldn’t feel things. In the months after Castiel had confessed, died, and come back, he seemed to have given up lying about his feelings entirely.
Dean’s fist smashes into the fridge door, a bat out of Hell. He draws in air, raggedly. He punches it again, relishing his ability to move his hand.
Dean feels his shoulders come down. This isn't going to be so bad.
“No, man. It’s just —”
on a mixtape marked For Dean. It feels like someone reached inside of him and handed Taylor Swift every stupid, selfish thought he'd ever had, every moment he'd fancied himself a cowboy instead of a stupid idiot miles beyond his depth.
“Dean? All Good?” Sam’s voice floats in from the other room, but it’s clear from the sound that he’s walking towards the kitchen. Dean shoves his face in the fridge to buy himself a second to take one more breath.
Jody’s had to put down too many friends. Dean’s not gonna put this on her as well. He can hold his crazy together for a few days. He plasters on his best smile, which isn’t difficult with Jody here and the girls piling out of the house, and says, “Got distracted with the newest episode of Dr. Sexy and left late.”
Dean’s capacity for self-torture is unlimited, so he reaches out. “Here. Let me.” He unrolls Cas’s sleeve, and with laser focus, starts rolling it for him.
She tries to organise what she knows about Dean, but it’s mostly stuff Sam has told her. Dean and Eileen have plenty of fun interactions. They teamed up once during a vicious game of Egyptian Rat Screw. They invented shots at the bar with that nice bartender. They brainstormed pranks. Really, Dean’s like a work friend in a lot of ways (Eileen assumes. She had one job other than hunting when she was 15 — working at a Coldstone Creamery — and honestly, she didn’t like any of her co-workers at all). They have plenty of pleasant interactions whenever they’re in the same place, but they don’t really seek each other out. They’re proximity buddies.
Sam and Jack go to bed first, because that's tradition, but Dean is exhausted, so he finds himself trailing up to his room soon after.
He is deeply not prepared to read “2. You did not attend university.”
So, Dean doesn’t. He pulls on a casual posture and pretends it doesn’t hurt to hear the weight of Cas’s love pour so plainly out of Baby’s speakers.
He doesn’t know what Dean will think. Dean’s never been shy about his hatred of witches. Mia says that Sam shouldn’t try to read Dean’s mind, but Dean’s never been shy on this topic.
“What’re you doing here?”
By the time they reach Lebanon, Dean is better. Not fine, he’s lost a lot of blood, his head feels like it’s about to explode but he isn’t so tired anymore and can stand and walk on his own.
“Well, I thought she would keep you alive for longer. I didn’t know she would bite you, not after she promised to kill me first.”
Castiel didn’t stop him.
“I would like to collect honey once.”
Cas’ breath is warm against Dean’s neck. He wonders if Cas has been thinking about the kiss the way Dean’s been replaying it over and over in his head.
“So…”
,” Sam says, smirking.
“Easy, buddy. Why don’t you tell me what’s going on?” Dean gently moves Castiel to relieve his back of the friction.
Castiel opened his mouth but was silenced by a thumb that lazily trailed his lips. Dean seemed to be lost in that little movement. His tongue darted out to wetten his lips.
Castiel shakes his head quietly, ashamed.
“Dean, why do you think I’m worthy of your love?”
“You wanna watch a movie and eat tons of ice cream?”
“I’m not the one hugging the toilet.”
Castiel actually shivered.
. Feel free to check it out.
“Dean, check your phone, goddammit! It’s Cas. He’s…” He paused before saying: “Just call me.”
“For me I get it. But Sammy? He’s never done anything wrong. It’s not his fault that he’s only got me. It’s not his fault that Mom is dead. He doesn’t deserve this.”
It was a statement but it didn’t sound accusing. Dean looked at the churchman.
Dean wakes up to Cas hugging him from behind.
It was Saturday when Sammy came visiting him. His little brother was sitting in one of the visitor rooms waiting for him.
The witch opens her mouth but nothing comes out. There’s a shot and then she’s falling to the floor and Dean is free, and Cas is standing there, the gun still raised, anger making his eyes burn coldly.
It’s their first night back at home, the first night Cas doesn’t have to spend in a thin hospital gown, shivering because he’s never felt cold before, hooked up to machines that whir quietly, making a beeping noise every now and then. It’s the first night that Dean allows himself to lie down, not to sleep, though. He can’t afford sleep right now in case Cas needs him.
“Dean, are you alright?”
“What’s her name?”
Finally, it clicked.
Sam smiled smugly.
“I’m fine.”
Castiel looks up. “You were worried about me?”
“No, Sammy, it’s alright. But, supposedly, why would you forgive me?”
“I guess you did.”
“Cas, you up?”
Castiel didn’t talk a lot after that. He noticed the worried glances Dean shot him but he mostly ignored them. Dean was back and that was great. It was time to lock his feelings back into his heart and make sure they never touched the surface again.
“You just couldn’t leave it, could you?” the witch asks, smiling slightly.
Dean freezes.
I throw my school bag into my room not caring about the school books for once. My phone blinks with six unread messages. All of them from Charlie.
“He’s hot, right?” Meg said before taking a big bite of her sandwich. Dean threw a disgusted side glance at the so-called food. Was there really no way in getting them something good to eat?
“I’m worried about him, Sam. I wanna help him but I don’t know how.”
She sighs as if she was explaining multiplication to a dumb child.
“Then we’ll meet at your place and we’re going to have a Star Wars marathon.”
“Crowley, why don’t you take your one-time offer and stick it where the sun don’t shine? ‘Cause my friends and I are trying to eat here, and I’d rather not be disturbed.”
There was another pause before the father continued.
“Sam, I was in prison.”
“But you’re gonna have to kill me first.”
Dean flips him off.
“End this, Castiel.”
“But I’m supposed to be there for you.”
Castiel follows him, albeit reluctantly. They walk through the ruins, dodging debris and bird’s dirt. It is really dark inside, Dean can’t see a thing.
The force of the punch throws Dean off his knees. He groans in pain, forcing himself into an upright position, his eyes never leaving Castiel’s.
“Thank you, Dean.”
There’s an alarmed look on Cas’ face and he shouts something at Dean but he doesn’t hear it because there’s a sharp pain at his head and then the ground is coming closer, turning everything black.
He watched Benny meet the Greek beauty at the other end of the room. He watched as his friend gave her a shy kiss. And then Dean thought of the one person he really wanted to be near right now. Not that that was possible.
Here it is! A nice demon!Dean fic. I feel like I maybe want to write some more demon!Dean because, honestly, he's a pretty neat character. Let me know what you think of this chapter.
“Hey, Cas. Didn’t think you could make it,” he greeted the
Dean furrows his brow.
“Thanks, Benny.”
“I don’t understand. Why would you want to be with somebody like me?”
“No. I had my
“I got my wings ripped off.”
“Her name’s Jessica. She’s gorgeous and beautiful and smart and sometimes, when she’s laughing, her eyes sparkle and that’s really cute and...”
“Castiel, that’s Jo. Jo, that’s Castiel.”
“Well, technically you’re very distracted right now.”
“I’m fine,” Cas says.
“I’m not an angel anymore, Dean.”
“So, get this,” Sam says and turns his laptop so Dean can have a look at the screen. He leans forward in his chair across the table and glances at the article Sam has opened on his device.
He hadn’t even realized that he’d moved. The nurse was a petite woman with a surprisingly strong grip as she held him back.
“It’s nothing,” Castiel replied curtly.
“I didn’t want anyone to touch it. It’s still… sensitive.”
“You’re going to do great. Just relax and have some fun.”
Dean doesn’t even try to hide his surprise and longing.
“If there’s a god, why’s life such a bitch?”
“Castiel?”
“If I had a nickel every time you pretend to be straight...”
“Not long ago I could’ve healed you.”
“Cas,” he whispers, “
“And?”
“Well, it’s about damn time!”
“You know, other people enjoy the snow outside,” he greeted the
Dean was now invading Castiel’s personal space. The angel fought the urge to thrust the angel blade deep into the beating heart of his friend.
Dean tried to reach Cas for three more days without any reply. It was as if Castiel had decided that not talking to him would wipe his memory clear. School had been a bitch before but now Dean wasn’t even able to try and concentrate. He couldn’t focus on his teachers or his friends. He got drunk on the last day of school with Christmas being only two days away. Dean shoved his school supplies into the furthest corner of his room and stole his father’s bottle of whiskey. The old man didn’t seem to mind.
“Wow,” I whisper, still dazed.
Dean nodded. “I guess. I hope I can get out in two weeks.”
“Dude, have you looked at it? It’s a pimp mobile.”
Dean turned around and met Castiel’s eyes. They were almost glowing in a vibrant blue.
Dean scoffed.
“Let’s find that bitch.”
“Are you unsure if Castiel loves you back?”
“You alright,
A smile splits Dean’s face.
“Well then,” he pauses and raises his eyebrow again, questioning me silently.
He sat down next to Sam and folded his hands behind his head.
Castiel chuckled.
I’m hot and I’m freezing and I don’t know what to say because I’m paralyzed. Great Winchester, not only a nerd but also a coward. Pull your acts together, man!
“Cas, you okay?”
Dean just nods. Castiel strokes his back and is glad that Gabriel doesn’t say anything because even he senses Dean’s emotional instability. Castiel gently leads his boyfriend to the living room and plops down onto the sofa, dragging Dean with him. And although Dean would never admit it Castiel knows that he enjoys cuddling. He rests his chin on Dean’s head and gently rubs small circles on his back.
“Hello, Sam, it’s nice to meet you, too.”
“They can spread their wings and fly wherever they want. No border, no wall can keep them from reaching their goal.”
“You can’t lie to the kids, Cas.” Dean opens his eyes, and Cas is so close — impossibly close. Dean can see the tiny frown lines appear on his face, the way his eyebrows furrow.
Lord, he really tried.
If it was Sam, they’d take one car. If it was anyone else, they’d take two.
And then Jack asked the question that Dean was pretty sure damned him. Hindsight being 20/20 and all.
Dammit, back to the flowers. Dean looks at the mixtape in betrayal, wondering when an Angel of the Lord giving him a mixtape became comforting instead of mind boggling. Okay, so, the facts are as follows: Cas snuck into Dean’s room while Dean was sleeping. Cas then gave him a mixtape and a smattering of blue flowers.
So, Eileen. Think about Eileen. Not the music. Not the hellhound. Just, Eileen — how happy she makes Sam. The way she looks at Sam and really sees him. How she retained her sense of humour despite everything. The way she treats Dean like a friend, not an interloper. Her impeccable taste in diner food.
He remembers the paralysing realisation that everyone around him never had a choice. Did Sam love him, or was he a victim of circumstance? Did Cas even want to fight with them, or was he made to? Dean remembers the farce of those two brothers killing one another to advance Chuck’s plot. If he could do that to people, what kind of insane manipulation could he pull on an angel? How much of it was real? How much of anything was real?
“You’re clearly upset.”
He remembers standing over Chuck’s husk of a body and hearing, “You think hate and anger, that’s what drives you. That’s who you are. It’s not.” He remembers choosing to listen. Choosing to put down the gun, choosing not to be a bullet for one second of his life. Cas had believed he was better than that, and Cas was dead, so he had no choice but to be better than that. He wasn’t going to turn Cas into a liar.
The heart drags itself down Cas’s arm in a trail of mangled flesh and blood. Dean glimpses a pale strip of bone before the teeth, unrelenting, sink through that as well. He can hear the crack of it breaking above his ragged breathing. He tries desperately to say something more, to break through to Cas, but he doesn’t have any more lines.
He has a job to do.
Cas could survive in a world without Dean. So could Sam. So could Jack. Dean is the weak one here, and he knows that.
It's not like Jack even needs a gun. He could smite most threats by sneezing at them. The kid doesn't have any dangers to protect himself from.
Castiel says, “I will like it,” with the same firm assurance that had carried, “You should show me some respect.” Which is to say, in a tone that leaves no room for argument.
Dean and Jody rest in silence for a while, letting the sun and laughter compliment cold beer.
