. “John,” he says, but it emerges as a groan, raw and raked around the edges with want.
“This. Here. That I brought you.” Sherlock looks down at his hands clasped in front of him, and John doesn’t miss how they’re keeping each other steady, still.
John nods.
Because Sherlock, absentminded eater that he is and always has been and probably always will be, eats peaches in the same way he eats toast and scones and biscuits - that is to say: with one hand, while distracted by something else, and lying on his back on the couch.
There’s a half-hearted effort to find pants, which becomes a thorough tussle over robes, which somehow leads to a mostly-naked race to the living room. There’s laughter and snogging, grabbing and holding.
“I –”
As I do you with arms and skin.
“You’re doubting me?” Sherlock asks archly, even as he uses the stone slab behind him as leverage to push against John. For all his sometimes shyness, when skin meets skin, his reservations have a tendency to evaporate.
After a moment Sherlock stops, and they wait in silence. Sherlock shifts his weight, and the silk of his robe sighs against the cotton of the sheets. John’s fingers itch to touch, but fever is a leaden weight in his arms, an effective restraint.
Sherlock favours him with a blank expression.
“Because of the stitching – or should I say ‘stitches’ – you used in mending the cuff of your robe.” The man shrugs. “Also the couple that owns that flat are finishing their studies soon – virology and pediatrics – and it makes sense they would have in their circle of acquaintances a colleague of whom to ask a favour.”
John moans around Sherlock’s cock in his mouth and throat, his hands scrabble at Sherlock’s waist, grabbing and holding him, and all his muscles tense, pulling Sherlock close and further into his throat. John feels himself slip even deeper into that mouth, and Sherlock swallows against John once more, hard, and then comes with a high keen, startled, and convulses in John’s hold, in John’s mouth. His release is thick and brackish and plentiful, and John swallows, swallows, wants every last molecule of Sherlock that he can get.
“John, stop teasing,” he demands, but the breathless quality of his voice steals most of its severity.
“John,” Sherlock breathes, and then John is on top of Sherlock again, but then somehow he’s under him, being wound and wrapped up in long limbs as Sherlock kisses every bit of skin he can reach. “John,” Sherlock groans, and John joins in, because their cocks have just slid past each other, and
“…Sea people?” John catches half a breath, and then tumbles into laughter. “Oh god, it’s perfect – and also
Sherlock’s face is incandescent – disbelieving for only a moment, then delighted and painfully happy as he says: “
Sherlock comes back to himself at that. "It's red wine, John. It gets better with age." He steps forward then, holds out a hand, and inspects the bottle carefully when John relinquishes it. "True connoisseurs would probably argue that drinking it would be a waste."
“Sherlock?” he asks finally, and also, “Is this alright?” because that’s always important.
, but John had also been exceedingly relieved to have the case solved – because that meant rest was no longer out of the question.
Sherlock doesn’t just come out and say: ‘John, I think it’s time you moved into my room with me, and I’d like it very much if you did just that.’ No, that’s not his way, especially in this not-his-area.
Sherlock smiles against John’s cheek, then shakes his head. “Nor I.” His eyelashes tickle John’s brow as he blinks.
“I am,” he says, and then he lurches forward and John pulls him close, and their mouths meet, hard and hot and hungry.
is the final proof.
against John’s bedside table. Glass on wood. Water shifting inside a cup.
“Sherlock –” John says, and his voice quakes with strain, and his face is very close, his breath breaking upon Sherlock’s cheeks and wet lips.
“You know it is. Against my better judgement.”
“What do you want?”
“That’s it, love, come on,” John gasps, and Sherlock’s mouth is back against his, wild and wanting and wet. John groans, gets his hands on Sherlock’s arse, squeezing, massaging as their hips move together, and when he lets his fingers dip further, there’s a lingering slickness to greet him. John trails his fingers up and down, spreading the slip of it, and Sherlock whines into their kissing, shivering, shuddering as John presses and strokes all around where Sherlock wants him.
“There better be, this time.”
“For godssake, John, do it, do something –
“Anything you want,” John rushes the words out. “Anything,” he exhales again, slower. “Sherlock.”
Sherlock wonders what it would be like to extend the shared portion of their days to include the earliest parts of morning, the latest parts of night, the first and last sleepy blinks of sight.
,” he says, and it sounds like pleading, like a question, and John lines up, leans forward, presses kisses where he can reach, and then, “Jo-
“Yes.” Sherlock follows, keeps his hold on John’s hand. “My bed.” With a tug, he urges John to follow him, and John does, and close behind, his free hand coming up to touch Sherlock’s hip, unwilling to be parted from that skin even for a moment.
Sherlock makes a choked-off sound, a stuttering of surprise and arousal as John strokes his perineum firmly, spreading the slick gel lower, lower.
is ritual cheer and family bickering and being invisible and
“What happened?” John asks warily.
Sherlock tries, tries, clutches, clings to the moment, but then it breaks over him and into him and he’s coming, muscles contracting, pelvis jerking, back arching, heart rate spiking, and his breath – his breath – his voice – he’s lost all control –
“And smiling – you smile very loudly, John.”
Sherlock cries out, voice a high rasp as he comes, his eyes closed tight, his head thrown back, arms about John’s shoulders. “I – I – oh god,
Sherlock closes his eyes. Opens them.
“John, it’s a deserted island, it’s not as if anyone would see –”
He follows the same route Sherlock took: thigh, crease, curls –
have been expecting it, and there’s a bizarre moment where Sherlock’s arms literally cannot seem to decide what to do. So, very much more than slightly awkward then, but John has hugged a good many more people than Sherlock has, so he just waits it out, lets his arms find a good resting spot, and holds Sherlock.
“John,” Sherlock begins again, then stops when John smiles.
Sherlock lifts up his own glass, examining the colour against the kitchen lights. Whatever he sees he keeps to himself, and they move through to the living room, neither quite following nor leading the other. A magnetised migration.
“I should have told you ages ago. That I loved you. Right when it first happened – and I didn’t. I was such an idiot.”
and oh how he hates waiting. Also, John has yet to arrive, and since John is probably the only person who’s ever made Christmas bearable, his absence is distinctly noticeable.
Sherlock wonders - after their breathing has calmed and John has turned over into sleep, dipping the mattress in such a way that Sherlock cannot but tip towards him, almost draped against his back - if by now their cells aren’t so intermingled and entwined in the fabrics of their lives, that analysis would yield nothing more than proof of the equalization of the solute concentrations.
Quite frankly, John is shocked one of them actually contained something so prosaic as a wine key.
With a sigh and settling shift, Sherlock curls closer about John. He glances at the alarm clock - set distressingly early for a man who doesn’t have clinic duty tomorrow, and Sherlock realises John had forgotten to switch it off, what with all the undressing and undoing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Or are your appendages not that articulate?” He shuffles to face John as he asks, but keeps his eyes closed.
John snorts and gives him a brief squeeze. “Stopping you from being a prat,” he says with a smile. “Let’s play the game and solve the case, yeah?”
Spongy tissue has lifted away from his hips in four great lengths – broad where they attach (two above his sacral dimples and two just below his hip bones) and tapering down to thick tips. The back pair are a meter and half or so, the front ones only a meter at best. They match his skin for colour, albeit shaded brown along their centres, with suckers beginning to take shape, larger closer to his torso, growing finer towards the tips. He can see the slits at the ends of the two dorsal arms that expose pale, almost translucent flesh, delicate and water-logged. Water-hungry.
Dropping -
John comes with a shout, hoarse, buries himself deep and stills as his cock pulses. He can feel the wetness of his come, the silky slick of it as it spills inside, and it seems Sherlock can feel it too, his breathy cries echoing John’s release.
fades towards its final bars.
Physical comparison bringing on despair –
John breaks the kiss, leans back, his hands on Sherlock’s right shoulder and left flank, and waits while Sherlock just stares at him and blinks.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and clicks his tongue. John opens for the thermometer and ignores the muttering about ‘doubting accuracy’ from his unlikely caretaker.
“Let’s meet the contestants!” Carlton Jones bounds across the stage. He has dark brown hair and eyes and a smile so full to the brim with white teeth that is seems like he’s trying to show them off all at once. A quick wave to the audience, few quick strides back to the contestants, and he’s well-settled into his patter, introducing Geoffrey and Hannah Ameson (in their twenties and just married two weeks prior), Stephen and Jenny Willis (in their thirties, married close to six months), and –
Together, they make the journey.
“I know what you mean,” John interrupts, his voice serious, because for all that he feels full of something like laughter just waiting to bubble up and over, this moment needs something more stable. Something more certain. “And I stand by my answer.”
Quite frankly he’s had enough of that.
John pulls his belt from the loops with a victorious laugh, and Sherlock’s fingers manage the top button, and John pulls the zipper down, and they both push, John’s legs and feet coming into play, and then he is naked, and laying his weight back down against Sherlock, and then his lips again, washing Sherlock in sensation, in stimulus, in
“God, Sherlock,” John manages tightly, shuddering as Sherlock writhes against his tentacle, his breath coming in shocked little sips, the sound of it driving John wild. “Oh god – there – there –”
Sherlock rolls his eyes and moves away to rearrange his mad scientist set on the table. “You needn’t bother denying it, John, you know my methods. And furthermore, you needn’t bother
me!” Sherlock’s eyes flit back and forth for a long moment. “Why would you do that?”
Still, it’s one thing to lead John along with texts and vague plans, but to land him alone in a mass of strangers, in a setting he doesn’t care for is something else altogether. The more John thinks about it, the more he realizes there’s hardly a need to get dressed up and go out for studies on the nature of the Watsonian temper. Those sorts of tests can be (and have been) conducted at home with the aid of loud noises and unpleasant smells. If the club were any less crowded, John would think that Sherlock is ensconced somewhere, observing his thought processes, but the movement and press of people obliterates any clear lines of sight before they can even be established.
“John, it’s for a case, it’s not as if any of it would be real –”
John laughs, delighted. He positions himself right over Sherlock again, watches him squirm and stretch, still reacting, still recovering, and god how John wants to lick into that primly pursed mouth. John swallows, hyper-aware of the taste in his mouth. “Can I kiss y–”
“Do it,” Sherlock hisses, manages a small twitch of his hips, and that sets John off.
John whisper-shouts –
Sherlock makes a strangled sound and goes limp in John’s hold, then shivers viciously, his breath a protracted, husking moan. “Oh god,” he manages at the end, sucking in a lungful of air. “John – you – please –”
“I – oh.” Sherlock swallows. “Good.”
“How do you – what do you –?” John asks, desire weaving its quiver into his words. Part of him hasn’t really caught up to this, to reality, to this reality where this is happening – but that part is dwindling, unimportant. What is important is the man in his arms; touching him, holding him. His hands ache every time he lifts them from Sherlock, even if it’s just to hold or grip anew.
“How long?” Sherlock asks.
“Dull,” Sherlock says, but he’s teasing – mostly, at least, John thinks. Sherlock goes to gather their things, handing John his dry shirt and sodden jeans before draping his belstaff over John’s shoulders.
“Well, I did offer to fetch you a towel,” John teases, lipping along Sherlock’s jaw now. The salt of his skin keeps reeling John back in for another taste, and another. Sherlock’s soft sighs land like song, like praise.
“Lads!” Carlton chides, his bewilderment evident, and John tries to swallow down his mirth even as it seems Sherlock attempts to hold his breath. “If we may…?” the presenter asks dryly, glancing off stage for a moment – probably checking the time, John thinks – rustling the paper he’s reading the questions from.
, home water or no. “And now it has?” God, and at his age – how?
“…I already have a name,” John says. “It’s John.” John quite likes his name, thank you very much.
Their dancing devolves somewhat, after that – Sherlock has his hands on the small of John’s back and the nape of his neck, and John has himself two lovely handfuls, and they’re quite a bit closer than the tempo of the song would allow, if they were paying attention to such things.
, John thinks, and it’s unexpected, but that doesn’t mean he’s surprised.
Somehow, that calm observation tips John over, and suddenly his tentacle is swelling, stiffening, emptying itself to fill Sherlock –
– and problematic. Sherlock had expected to come much earlier than John, to have time to put his pleasure aside and focus on John’s, to make sure the remnants of intercourse were as satisfying for John as possible with Sherlock’s limited experience. But like this – John had pushed Sherlock ahead of him, then followed immediately, and Sherlock hadn’t done much more than lay there and receive stimulus and –
John groans at the pain in his throat. “Then why don’t you ever listen to it when I say it?”
It means he plans to stay.
“You know –” John’s voice hitches, and he clears his throat once, twice, “– there’s something I haven’t said – we haven’t said –” and John could kick himself for that last bit, for presuming, because suddenly he’s not sure; maybe Sherlock really doesn’t want to have this said out loud –
Sherlock drags his head up to look at John. His face is flushed, his lips kiss-swollen, his curls unruly from John’s hands. “John,” he says very solemnly, and John sits up on his elbows a bit.
Sherlock looks frustrated and somehow pained as he clarifies: “Will you…be leaving?”
If this is the one chance he gets, the only time, moments caught and pressed between their different skins, then Sherlock wants something he can keep, can remember later, when he doesn’t have this anymore.
Sherlock has John down against him and snogged to within an inch of reason before he can even finish his thought. “John – you taste like –”
They’ve won, it seems – but John’s not interested. He’s back to looking at Sherlock, who’s meeting his gaze even as Carlton chatters excitedly, effusing about their success, consoling the runners-up, trying to shake John’s hand, and then sort of just seizing it and pumping it a few times before trying to do the same for Sherlock and finally settling for clapping him on the shoulder.
Sherlock,” John insists. “I went without for
“Alright, then,” John says, because those words are (almost) always (mostly) safe. “That’s – that’s good.”
“Say it?” Sherlock whispers, and it could so easily have been a command, but his voice curls up at the end, unsure.
"Mmmm," Sherlock says, and brings his hand to his mouth, starts to lick the juice from his wrist in fastidious little licks. "Nothing promising," he murmurs, but John would classify it as a purr if pressed.
“What?” John asks softly. “Tell me what you want.”
“We should send them a thank you card.” John snorts. “Also, we should sue them. They’re not supposed to exploit contestants beyond the obvious.”
“Oh.” John blinks. “That’s” – he searches for the right word, gropes about in the gaping, gobsmacked expanse of his mind until it slots into place: “
Still, he keeps trying and trying, exhausting himself in the process, until all that remains is a bone deep fatigue, a breath deep weariness that rings hollow like resignation.
“We’ve just had sex, John.” What a strange thing to say. It’s obvious, it’s evident, it’s superfluous – and yet. “
But it doesn’t. For years it doesn’t. John runs and fights and bleeds and almost dies, and still it doesn’t come.
response should be – and what Sherlock will guess – or is it deduce?
And our distance was revealed a mask to be discarded,
John swallows, sniffs in a breath. “Hhh,” he tries. It’s supposed to be ‘Hey.’ John coughs shallowly.
John slides back in easily, now on top, between Sherlock’s thighs, takes charge of the motion, and begins again, building the rhythm they’d been chasing when Sherlock had nearly come.
“Sherlock, this isn’t
“Anything. Everything – John, I –
“Oh god,” Sherlock is saying now, “oh god, oh god John,
John thinks maybe it’s all the time they spent getting here.
“I’d rather choose to be mated for life. With you.”
John slips his own tentacle out of Sherlock – “Just for now, don’t give me that look,” – and then Sherlock is lining up, pressing, pressing, until with a hiss, he clenches his jaw as his cockhead slips in. Immediately, John’s musculature pulls Sherlock deeper, and he chokes on his own voice at the feeling of being filled so suddenly, almost delirious from the sudden glut of pleasure that provides.
Sherlock stiffens, falls silent for one stunning moment, and then collapses back into the sheets, into sound, his hips jerking as
“If you insist,” Sherlock says with a huff – as if it isn’t obvious he is exhausted and needs rest and is moments away from succumbing despite stubbornly fighting sleep’s pull, the way he always does – and to prove it, the huff ends as a sort of sigh as he falls quiet. It isn’t too long after that John feels the body in his arms – Sherlock – his mate – grow still and soft with sleep.
On to round two…
Sherlock’s vocal cords seem to have stopped working this time, because a raw sound rips out and he pulls John crushingly close and just holds him, face buried in John’s neck. Each breath shivers out of Sherlock, and John lets his hands stroke and soothe what skin they find. He hears a mumble against his neck after a minute.
As their fervour subsides, John rolls off to lie beside Sherlock. He ends up on his back, with Sherlock’s head tucked up on his scarred shoulder, Sherlock’s finger drifting in spirals over John’s sternum, almost tickling as it moves through his chest hair.
Although myself I do not count as vain.
Sherlock finds himself arranged on his side facing John, covers up to his shoulders. He rarely sleeps covered, opens his mouth to say so, then shuts it instead.
John presses kisses and words into his hair, and Sherlock can hear them as the buzzing clears from his ears, as the grey clears from his eyes, and John is just saying his name again, and again, interspersed with ‘please’ and ‘I’m so sorry.’
Sherlock’s mouth drifts open at the suggestion, as if the words themselves are a presence against his lips. “John,” he whispers, the distance between them diminishing to a humid moment of breath and nerves –
(See the end of the chapter for
” Sherlock’s hands plunge into the full tub and grasp John by the shoulders, and hoist him up to the surface. He breaks into the air with a wet gasp, water pouring from his mouth and nose, hands coming up to latch onto Sherlock’s wrist in an effort to stabilize himself and calm the man shaking him. “John are you – are you –”
. “John,” he breathes, and John’s tentacles bring them together, propped so that Sherlock’s head is properly above the water, held so that there isn’t an inch of space between them anywhere. John can already taste Sherlock in the water,
Maybe Sherlock had needed John out of the house for some objectional chemical mixing, maybe he wanted another chance at handling John’s gun – or maybe he’d fancied a quiet evening at home without John…
John runs his free right hand down Sherlock’s side, lets his nails scratch lightly over the crest of his hip, and then smooth down along his thigh. When he reaches the knee, he hooks his fingers under and grips, lifting Sherlock’s leg, letting it fold as he pushes it up. Sherlock’s stomach and the few curls of pubic hair that were caught in the mess are now clean, so John moves lower, leans down, rubs his lips along Sherlock’s inner thigh to where his come is still marking Sherlock.
If John is honest, he’ll admit he hadn’t really expected them to know each other so well – which…well. It’s not that he
he have a fantasy for Sherlock to deduce? Has he thought of – of –
“’m fine,” Sherlock mumbles, head lolling side to side.
John pries the words loose from his throat and says them, refuses to let them get stuck this time, because they need to be said: “I love you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s body helpfully freezes, and his mouth falls open around a startled “John?” as his heart clutches and thrashes frenetically.
“Yeah?”
The man beside him blinks, mouth closing on a half-taken breath. “I – you think so?”
“Hmm?” John blinks his eyes open, drowsy but present.
“You solved the case.”
“I’m making sure there’s no sand anywhere…inconvenient, Sherlock,” John husks, head tilting back, because even though the stroking has a definite and extremely practical use, its effect is undeniable. Every stroke fills him with heat and want, until he has to let some of it out, has to pour and press it back into Sherlock’s skin with his fingers, with his lips, with any available patch of skin. He gets his mouth on Sherlock’s left nipple, tonguing and sucking even as his less occupied dorsal tentacle threads itself between Sherlock’s legs and nudges up against Sherlock’s testicles and begins to shift back and forth, slowly, and undulating pressure, the friction cut by the tentacle’s slippery skin.
vegetablecrisper
Were freely offered, given.
Outside on the sidewalk, the night air is suddenly quiet and peaceful, despite plentiful foot traffic. A crowd has nothing on Angelo’s enthusiasm.
John blinks his eyes open as slim fingers shift to push his fringe back. His eyelids feel paper-thin, dry, like birch ash. His throat is raw, the skin of his lips tight; his tongue sits thick and heavy in his mouth.
He can feel Sherlock’s heartbeat.
“But you wanted more,” Sherlock says, the barest curl upwards of his voice at the end, a hesitation John wouldn’t have expected or known to watch for, before today.
“Good.” John puts down his wine glass, and Sherlock blinks in surprise – three blinks in rapid succession – and then John takes Sherlock’s from his unresisting fingers and sets it on the mantle.
“What?” Sherlock asks.
John wraps a loose fist around Sherlock’s cock and sets up a slow, teasing tugging. At the same time he presses the hand-warmed damp cloth to Sherlock’s pucker, not pushing in, simply holding it there firmly. The result is a tiny, hitching noise from Sherlock – and a tiny hitching jerk from his hips.
Confusing finds disparities in our pair.
They break apart, panting, Sherlock’s cheeks flagged high with arousal, the dark curls of his hair a tempest halo.
John takes himself in hand, holds his cock in place as he guides Sherlock down. He plants his feet and pushes up into Sherlock, and now all the lube and prep pay off, because Sherlock gasps but doesn’t flinch or wince as John’s cockhead slips through first, only breathes hard and fast and pushes back until he’s sitting in John’s lap, held in place by John’s hands and cock.
That sounds somehow
The want creeps in slowly, inexorably, soaking into his skin like wavelets into too-long dry sand, and if asked what day the Tide turned and began its advance, John would be hard pressed to answer.
The stage lights are bright, and John feels odd in the suit Sherlock had laid out for him for the event. It’s a bit closer cut than he normally goes for in formal wear, the colour a touch more vibrant: an almost jewel tone of navy, a sort of electric dark blue that he would never have picked out for himself – but so far, so good. His grey three piece suit wouldn’t have done at all; there’s no way John would have looked as if he belonged beside Sherlock, who is predictably striking in black. It is a sumptuous, velvety black that seems to drink in light rather than giving it off like John’s suit does.
It’s that last fact that has John jerking his eyes open and sitting upright. His arms quiver as he regards himself in shock.
Sherlock grunts and stiffens as two fingers push into him, but John keeps on with his mouth on his nipple, splays his clean hand against Sherlock’s back and keeps him close and still as he strokes in and out, searches –
The intensity of release fades, like it always does, and Sherlock can breathe and think again. He stops breathing John’s name.
“Prove it,” Sherlock whispers. “Be here when I wake up.”
It is a bit sticky, however, so he gets up on wobbly legs and heads to the downstairs tub, starts the shower as he strips, gets in –
It isn’t until Sherlock speaks that John knows everything will be fine, though, because the daft sod opens his mouth and says, without looking away from his screen:
Their landrover is parked at the end of a track that does not seem very official – little more than a swath of browner grass and flatter earth. In the distance, back the way they came, John can just make out a chain gate hanging suspended across the track, and while he cannot read the sign, he’s almost certain it says something to the effect of ‘No Trespassing.’
“John,” Sherlock begins, and he looks pale and young and uncertain as, words coming too quickly, he says, “I feel I need to apologize for the way the evening turned out. It was never my intention that –”
John grins up at him. “That so, Sherlock
Eventually they pull apart, and they both heave sighs, almost at the same time, deep come-down breaths. They catch each other’s eye, and John cracks first, grinning, and Sherlock snorts at that, which sets John giggling, high and breathless, and then they’re both laughing, shoulders shaking with it.
The audience is dead silent, and Carlton looks to John. “John?”
The kiss deepens, no longer just an intense press of lips, a ragged exchange of breath; Sherlock whimpers and sags back against the wall by the entry as John’s hands wind into his hair and hold him, tilting his head to help the kiss along, then pulling his head back so he can have a go at that neck, and Sherlock’s gasping out little ‘
“Oh – oh god,
Sherlock holds it up. “But, well.” He pulls at his lower lip with his teeth. “You were sleeping. So.” His hand finds John’s forehead again.
Sherlock tucks his head into the crook of John’s neck, bathes the skin there with a sigh. For a moment John thinks Sherlock actually listened to him, but then:
Sherlock blinks, nonplussed, and asks, “What?”
“Has the shine worn off, yet?” Sherlock asks suddenly, and John hears the echo of that worry in that question. He leans his head against Sherlock’s shoulder.
The sofa is suddenly behind John, and then they are tipping, toppling, sprawling onto it. John’s never gone from vertical to horizontal faster, and that’s counting all three continents.
Instead, Sherlock just starts…preparing the way - clearing off the top (and then clearing out the inside) of one of the bedside tables, making room in the wardrobe for the things John wears every day, leaving bare one of the hooks on the back of the bedroom door…
space, John feels himself progress steadily from happy to incandescent. The light of it tingles in his fingers, sizzles under his skin. It spills from his widening grin; he’s pretty sure it’s blazing from his eyes as he stares up at the ceiling.
The tone chimes two minutes later, and Sherlock shoots John a peculiar glance before turning to watch Carlton again. John swallows, just feeling the edge of confusion, but he puts it out of his mind as Mr. & Mrs. Willis give their answers – his bad habit is lazing about on weekday evenings, and hers is micromanagement – and their predicted answers line up neatly: full points.
"Oh god, Sherlock," John would moan - could moan, oh please, oh please let it be possible - and Sherlock always hopes that he’ll make deep, beautiful, sultry noises, sounds that John could find pleasing, arousing, but he knows from past solitary experiments that his default sexual repertoire consists of choked off gasps and sobs, John’s name hardly ever completed, deteriorating into a high pitched, needy whine, and god, oh god, oh god -
John thinks this might be flattering, if he could wrap his head around it, but he can’t – Sherlock is standing near, steaming his sun-baked-clean-sand smell, like the beach after rain, an
“Care to go first, team Watson?” Carlton asks.
"Oh!" he says, and then sighs and stretches his neck back, elongating it, causing the surviving drops to flee south, and John’s tongue follows them down the vee of Sherlock’s loose robe, captures them, and then trails slowly back up, retracing its path, until it returns, triumphant, to Sherlock’s suprasternal notch.
“John – oh –” Sherlock’s back arches as John slips his finger in, just to the first knuckle.
John boggles at his pale companion, lost for words – and it is at this point that John’s eyes finally explain, patiently and kindly, to his brain that there is a reason all that skin is so distractingly visible. “Wait,” he says, and for a moment he’s not sure who he’s asking patience from – himself, his firestarter conversation partner, or the universe at large. “Are you – are you in your
“Well, if you’re
,” Sherlock says, voice tattered and spent, his hands trapped beneath John’s back, still clutching at him.
Sherlock shifts closer, careful not to jostle his hand against John too much, and John lays his left hand in the dip of Sherlock’s waist, under his vest. After a moment, John trails his own finger tips down, southward. Sherlock makes a pleased little sound, his hips hitching to make it easier for John to explore.
John just grins, and holds him close, and after a spell, they pull apart. They’re busy just looking at each other when Sherlock’s stomach rumbles.
“– long overdue?” Sherlock asks, and his whole face is unabashedly happy in a way John’s seldom seen.
John blinks and frowns, then takes a step forward. He grimaces – there’s sand in his shoes already
“I –?” Sherlock says at last, and John manages “
“They’re not singing words – it’s like choir scales. They’re greeting the day – the world – anyone who might be listening.”
“Is this alright?”
Sherlock makes a face in between kisses. “I’m covered in sweat and semen.”
And here it is, unopened, un-imbibed, and – going by the layer of dust – untouched after all this time. What purpose had this wine been bought for, what purpose had then been shelved and forgotten right along with this bottle?
The pie chart is neatly labeled as follows:
The air is chill against John’s bare skin, but he pads through to the living room all the same. He stops by the door to lock it, shakes his head at their luck in lack of interruptions, then goes into the kitchen. There are a few washcloths under the sink, and he grabs the whole stack – they are clean, intended for dishes. He wets them at the sink, wrings them out, cool water trickling over his wrists.
Sherlock doesn’t know when his restless thoughts blurred and blended into equally restless sleep, full of fits and starts of dreams half-dreamt, but when he comes (mostly) awake again, it’s still dark – or perhaps it’s dark
"This one?" he'd asked, and reached to take the most likely culprit. It wasn't a label he was familiar with, and furthermore, it was a red – and a posh one, at that. Sherlock normally preferred a white wine, when he indulged at all. John was a beer or scotch man, himself, but wouldn't say no to a red wine for a special occasion – even if that special occasion was usually of a more
, really?” Carlton’s eyebrows jump up – and stay up. “Well in that case – Sherlock, care to tell us
They hold up their cards to show how their predictions and answers match up, and while the audience claps, they share a look. It feels serious, for all the ridiculousness of their situation and surroundings, and John can’t shake the feeling of dawning…
“I…just…goddammit, Sherlock. Why like this?”
” John reaches out and pulls Sherlock closer with everything he’s got, is momentarily panicked that Sherlock won’t respond – but then long arms and legs are twining with his, and shuddery breaths happen beneath John’s hands and drowsy tentacles.
"Anything on today?" John asks, aiming for casual even as Sherlock finally seems to notice the peach he’s still holding and the sticky wet siege it has laid to his fingers and wrist, slowly expanding its claim southwards to his forearm.
“Sherlock, even if I say yes – which I’m not – I don’t see how we’ll even manage to get away.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “No, I don’t mean me – or humans or whatever,” Sherlock says with a flap of his hand. “I mean – did any of
“Like come?”
come from? It earned him many lectures and stern silences.
“Sherlock – what –” John comes into view – he’s peeling Sherlock’s hands from his face. “What are you on about? Please tell me what’s going on.”
“My god, Sherlock, you have some harebrained ideas, but this one takes the cake!”
“I think I get to decide where I belong,” John points out. “And furthermore, I think this is just more proof that you do things to me, Sherlock.” He tries for a light tone, but the realization behind the words sits too heavy for that. “I should never have been able to have a Tide the way I did, where I did, with you – but I did. And now… this.” Even as they both watch, the tentacles grow larger, more substantial, taking in more and more water weight. “This – I don’t know what this is, but it’s not a Tide, alright? I don’t have an urge to – to –”
It’s a smirk that twists those lips this time, and the man flicks his eyes over John’s body. “Haircut, stance, tan lines,” he lists, almost blasé. “And the limp. Almost didn’t recognise you without it – saw you take up temporary residence yesterday, cane and rifleman jacket in attendance – and yet here you are, without any of those things, almost a completely different man. I
John sighs, but lets his tentacles slither out to straighten some of the mess Sherlock had made. “Now what?” he asks quietly after. Sherlock is breathing sweet air into the space between them, his skin still damp, his body perfumed with satiation. John tucks his tentacles close to his body, tries not to let them go where they want, which is around Sherlock, his waist, his thighs, his upper back.
“Do I?” Sherlock feels the combative words slip free, and the tone is comforting in its familiarity, even if it feels alien to the situation.
“‘Piss off’ – although I imagine after this incident it might involve something pithy involving fire and tossing myself in.”
you? And why? And –”
John’s lips twitch into a mirror copy. “That’s ‘cause you’re an idiot,” he says, and the small smile slides sideways into a bit of a grin.
‘You noticed,’ you say,
Carlton pauses, beaming at the audience, who finish their clapping and settle down into a hush. “Everyone ready?”
“Sorry,” he pants, “sorry – I can’t – I –”
Sherlock’s card reads:
“ –Full of danger –”
– with an armful of Sherlock.
John’s card, beside Sherlock’s, reads:
“No,” he says at last, resigned to Sherlock avoiding the rest he needs. “It hasn’t. I never thought I would have a Tide, to be honest. I didn’t have one back in my home water. None of this should work. My pheromones shouldn’t affect you, and you shouldn’t affect me.”
“Yes, you great git. ‘
“Oh really?” Sherlock asks, his exasperation only half-exaggerated.
,” John says, his mouth tugging into a grin. He ducks Sherlock’s suddenly airborne pants, swoops in for another kiss, and gets back to working on ‘anything.’
“No – you’re the only person I’ve ever told.”
– into –
The audience is quiet, unsure whether to laugh or not.
Of course, John is not exactly passive in this entwining – not by a long shot: his left hand lies along Sherlock’s forearm over his stomach, and his right drapes over and along Sherlock’s waist. At some point Sherlock must have tossed a leg on top of John’s legs, and they must have spread to admit that visitor, then closed around it, and are now still gently keeping contact.
John glances up at him. “How long have you been telling yourself that?”
“Oh hush, John – the tour will survive without us for an hour or so, and we’ll have a proper look at that waterfall.”
Sherlock nods against his neck this time, manages another sudden, sharp breath, and is silent again.
“Right.” Dessert in bed sounds grand, actually. “Shall we, then?” John reaches over, grabs the box, only just then realising he’d forgotten to grab utensils – but then, inside, next to the oversized slice of tiramisu, is one takeaway fork, courtesy of Angelo. John holds it up for Sherlock to see. They quirk matching lopsided smiles at one another, but say nothing of it.
Papers, books, a bevy of pens – success! – there, a half-filled bottle of personal lubricant – but:
Illustrated tentacle-cuddles in ink, for CS <3
John considers, tries to feel inside himself, where water was once before, and now again, where he feels fullest and emptiest, and finally decides on: “It’s because you’re here.” Sherlock frowns, but John continues before he can start to interrogate him: “This is not the first time I’ve been in the sea since I came ashore, Sherlock, and this
“We’re going to disagree sometimes,” John says, “or we’ll bicker, or we’ll fight about stupid things and important things, but at the end of it, we’ll still be together, ok?”
John, for his part, can barely spare thought to breathe, never mind make any noise himself. Sherlock is hot and heavy in his mouth, a puzzle piece slotting home, and John can’t stop touching and stroking what skin he can find, his own nerve endings ablaze with sensation – skin and salt and the swirling waves, the sand and pebbles shifting beneath his feet and knees, Sherlock’s fingers tangling with the breeze in his hair, the smell and feel of his skin like sun-blanched driftwood, and everything about him, about this moment, is a heady elixir, one John intends to drink down, to drown in.
“Fire exposes truth and burns away excess. The alarm sounded, called you to your feet, urged you outside, and here you are. You remembered to grab your phone but not your cane, what does that tell you?”
“Fetching a towel does imply delivering it.”
“John. Trust me.”
Airing out my inking skills....
“I…no,” he amends. “It just…it tastes better. When he makes it. The tea.” Sherlock shifts in his seat, and John would be blind not to spot the beginnings of a flush high on his cheeks, seated as close together as they are. Even as his head tilts in confusion, he feels his heart tilt in conviction, and god, this was a
With a gasp, John surrenders to that same sensation, does what feels right, what feels needed, lets his body and limbs hold Sherlock up and at an angle, arches against him, captures lips and tongue in ravenous kisses, and lets the slide of skin and touch inside and out consume him, consume them both and then Sherlock cries out, mewling as John stiffens in an arch and comes, filling his mate with warm pumps of slick.
And of course, there’s something John had never really expected to see: Sherlock’s penis, soft now, and mostly clean after getting off with John. John is in a not dissimilar state.
And besides, not long after, John meets Sherlock.
Sherlock meets John’s gaze and nods, serious and still and in some sort of placid trance, his body boneless, pliant, as if it had been waiting for his mind to step aside, to get out of the way of this, this, this –
“I heard it, then,” Sherlock insists.
It’s on one such night when John is away that Sherlock decides to spend the rare treat and torture of time alone on the couch, not smoking, not playing his violin, not distracting himself from the existence and absence of John Watson.
John settles in, and belongs.
Sherlock smirks at him, and John snorts, considering his answer.
“I –”John’s words stutter to a halt as his eyes catch up with real time events. The man beside him is tall, slender but possessed of a refined musculature. His eyes are striking – almond shaped and a mercurial silver in the false dawn just this side of 3:00 a.m. The whole package is wrapped up in pale, pale skin.
Sherlock wraps himself once more around John and drifts down to slumber, knowing that each exhale will make room in his lungs for air laden with John - his scent, his cells, his presence - and that within the circle of his arms, John will inhale air full of Sherlock, a perfect exchange all through the night.
“Yeah,” John breathes, and he has barely a moment to see his answer land and ignite inside Sherlock before the next kiss, Sherlock’s mouth urgent against John’s, calling up a matching need inside him, and everything turns a bit clumsy – hands grasping, clutching, clinging, lips sliding, noses bumping –
John snorts out a chuckle and feels more himself as he says, “That was a joke, Sherlock.
It’s Christmas, and Sherlock is sitting at the kitchen table with Mycroft while Mummy peels root vegetables in preparation for Christmas lunch. It could be a scene from his childhood if it wasn’t for the Armani suit on his body and the extra thirteen pounds on his brother’s.
He honestly doesn’t know how he got from running after Sherlock to looking after Sherlock to lusting after Sherlock – although ‘lust’ is one of those empty land words that falls short of what he wants to say, falls weak of what he actually feels.
Sherlock’s neck goes limp, and his head falls back with a groan. “That –
John brushes the thumb of his left hand along where Sherlock’s forearm where it’s draped over his sternum. “It wasn’t all at once,” he admits, and his voice is steady even if everything else feels like the words are rattling his foundation. He clears his throat. “Took ages.” John swallows, nods his chin towards his chest. “I’m sorry it took so long.”
John knows this because he keeps checking his wristwatch (as if that will speed up the arrival of fire and rescue). But it’s something to do while he stands and shivers in his vest and robe in the brisk October air. It’s something to think about that isn’t the odds of him agreeing to flat-sit the weekend that the building next door catches fire. It’s something to look at that isn’t thick smoke pouring out of the open windows as if the sky were doing its level best at a French inhale.
John’s alarm clock appears beside the lamp on his bedside table (the inside of which has already been claimed by accoutrement - receipts, charger cables, three note books, old medical journals, one solitary glove, a half-full plastic tube, a half empty box that has been hastily and messily opened again and again - amongst other things), but this,
“And of course, we
“Sherlock –” he says and trails his fingers down Sherlock’s right cheekbone and jaw, of all the places he could touch.
Sherlock looks at John. This is his room, his bed, and apparently this is where this conversation is going to happen. John is going to explain Why Not to him, and Sherlock will never lie here again without feeling the images of it press against his eyes, the sounds of it slithering against his tempanic membrane, the memory coiling into and around his throat.
Unspoken, Spoken
“…Let’s go. We’re done here.” His eyes cut away from John’s, and he stands abruptly.
right now.”
.” With hastily-slicked fingers, John reaches down, past the patch of springy curls, to stroke his thumb down Sherlock’s perineum. Sherlock jolts, squeezing a high-pitched sound from his mouth, and John grins up at him before kissing him again, swallowing his softer sounds, tugging at that plump lower lip with his teeth.
"You must have been so lonely," John says, and Sherlock
Long moments pass before John takes a deep breath and begins:
- will?) feel like inside him, only knows his own fingers’ fullness, but that’s enough to theorize. He wants that stretch, that burn, that deep and hungry ache, that fade from pain to pleasure - and he wants it from John.
Sherlock lifts off John and flops onto his side, twitching and pliant, and John arranges him as he looks on in a daze. “John,” he murmurs, sounding almost drunk, almost drugged with arousal. “I –
“Never would have guessed it,” Carlton says dryly, and moves on to the next couple.
But now we both are sated and words come freely, I will say that and more,
“Oh.” John blinks, looks away from Sherlock’s eyes. The curtains are dropping, closing out the show, and already stage hands are darting forward, wheeling empty booths to the side, snatching up the answer cards before John can even blink. He doesn’t fully understand the profound sense of loss he feels at having his and Sherlock’s cards taken with the rest, but it’s there nonetheless. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock thinks. He feels an odd rush of sensation in his throat and the delicate tissues of his lower jaw, as if he’d swallowed some implausibly diluted mixture of bitter electricity.
John snorts, and his mouth is doing something odd, something amused and fond and done-for. John purses his lips, tries to get himself under some sort of control. “Well I can feel you quivering,” he says, splaying his hand against Sherlock’s tensed waist to demonstrate his point. The skin underneath his palm jumps at the reminder of that contact. “I don’t think either of us qualifies as examples of
"I’ll be accepting your apolo —"
Sherlock is gasping after the first few thrusts, pelvis jerking up to meet John’s thrusts, hands full of bed sheets then John’s back, his shoulders, his hair, the pillows, the headboard.
“It’s a red, Angelo. Not exactly a dessert wine.” Sherlock shrugs at Angelo, who waves his words away.
drawer
“Your answer, Sherlock?” Carlton sounds unsure as to whether he wants to hear what Sherlock wrote or not.
“Yes.”
Sherlock stiffens in an arch, his mouth open on a soundless keen for a moment – and then the silence shatters as Sherlock’s voice cracks into groaning, crumbles into rhythmic little ‘
And for the first time in a long time, John thinks back to all his elders warned him of, the horrors they painted of the world, their warnings and their glowers. He thinks of the things he’s seen that match that depiction – the war, his injury, parts of his recovery. Loneliness, uselessness, and a certain sort of homelessness that has nothing to do with shelter.
"What time is it?" John asks again.
Beside him, Sherlock sits ramrod straight, his curls tamed as if for court, and his eyes clear, cheeks smooth. John blinks and looks away, because honestly, the night will be trying and awkward enough without him staring at Sherlock for no good reason.
The table covers his flagging erection, and the barest wetness of pre-ejaculate isn’t even close to bleeding through his pants to his trousers; Sherlock had long ago learned to mitigate his body’s autonomous arousal responses in public. He can feel dampness in the pits of his arms and his upper lip, but otherwise knows he appears bored, disinterested.
Opening his legs also allows John to look at Sherlock’s belly, slick and sloppy with his release. John lets his gaze travel down Sherlock’s body to where they were joined, where his own come is beginning to leak from Sherlock. He reaches a finger down, swipes it up along a drop-trail, until he brushes lightly over Sherlock’s anus, which twitches under his touch.
to leave.”
And sole recipient of my affection.
John huffs a bemused chuckle, and Sherlock joins in, his peals soft but deep, the moment blooming into shared laughter. Somewhere in there, they join hands, and not too long after, there’s kissing, too.
“Well, maybe not exactly,” John says, and he’d thought to say it one way, but it came out rather differently, especially since his hand is still resting against Sherlock’s skin. He doesn’t regret it, though, not with the way Sherlock looks at him before turning away. He doesn’t quite manage to do so in time to keep John from seeing the flush on his cheeks, either. John watches Sherlock’s back as he exits the kitchen.
“Ye-e-es,” John says, stopping to face the man again, “inside. I’m not leaving you out here to shiver all night.”
“Ah – I – yes –” John pats down his robe and hands it over.
“Like that?” Stupid question, obvious answer, and John expects Sherlock to scoff, but what he gets is:
“Me, too.” It’s a whisper, but he knows John hears because John stills his breathing, waiting – waiting? –
John feels a surge of feeling for the man atop him, wants him in a way he knows won’t diminish. “No,” he says after a moment. “I hear it gets better,” he growls, tips Sherlock forward and down for a kiss that starts simple and grows heated until Sherlock sits up with a groan, and stares wide-eyed and bewildered down at his own renewed erection.
Maybe it does, John thinks, still enjoying the curl and fizz of recent release beneath his skin.
John gets his left arm down from behind his head, gets both arms snug and squeezing around Sherlock. “Oh?”
“Wonderful,” John says, after it becomes apparent Sherlock isn’t going to speak. “We’re so excited.”
“Unremarkable, I would have said, but yes, let’s go with ‘human’.”
The momentous moment comes, one day, when Sherlock knows John knows, and when they both realise the other is fine with this new state of affairs:
John just manages to keep from snorting. There’s so much that they quibble about each day – proper safety procedures, the correct way to respond to minor crises and major traumas, how one does
Sherlock’s weight lifts from the bed, and John’s body curls towards the warmth left behind.
turns John from tourist to conquistador. It means he plans to stay the night, and not just because exhaustion or satiation leads to sleep.
Right.
“I’m afraid so.”
John blanches. “Sherlock, that’s – you’re not – you don’t have to – that’s not how it works with my kind, not really –”
“We can pretend,” Sherlock says, and it’s so soft and quiet John thinks it may have snuck out on an exhale – but then Sherlock’s eyes both blink open. “We could.”
A kiss brings him out of the well of his thoughts, a feather light brush of fingers against his jaw, and he finds he can look up at John. The storm of worry and nerves and care in familiar blue eyes cuts Sherlock’s panic in half, and for the first time he considers that he may not be the only one who’s thought of this moment before now. The thought leaves him breathless as much as the anticipation does.
So now, bottle once again in hand, John wonders what could have happened that day, what would have happened, given slightly different circumstances.
They both wipe themselves clean, and with the sheets bunched down, the view is quite unobstructed:
“Yes?”
John blinks.
John feels his face set in determination, and something of it must read well for Sherlock, because he surges forward then, pressing kiss after kiss to John’s mouth. His hands come up and hold John’s face, fingers carding through John’s hair, and John’s hands come up and hold Sherlock’s forearms, thumb running along the thin skin of his wrists. The feeling of Sherlock’s breath breaking against his face, his fingers shyly combing along his scalp, has John reaching for him, aching to hold him in his arms again, to make up for moments lost.
“It – it is,” Sherlock’s breath hitches as the tentacle skirts where his cock is slowly hardening again, dips down to trail a light touch along his scrotum and perineum. “Unless you don’t want to –?” Sherlock says in a rush, and John brings their bodies close together again with a tightening curl of his other three tentacles.
of belt and denim.
“John?” he asks, sounding lost, and John sits up, struggles forward against his own new mass until he remembers he can push and pull with his new-old appendages.
Sherlock cries out. His muscles shake, dropping him lower, and his stomach quivers and presses against John’s exposed skin – and oh, that is a new and glorious closeness. His skin is hot, soft, smooth, instantly addictive. John rubs his palm against the tight bud of Sherlock’s nipple, and again, revelling in the shivers running through him. With each pass John lets his palm cover more distance, going further down that taut stomach.
In its wake, it leaves a path of what most call destruction, but then most people are over-dramatic and romanticize hyperbole. It is far more accurate to call it ‘change,’ and that’s how Sherlock chooses to think of it anyway. (Thinking, is after all, a choice, and one so few people choose, and that’s the bitter rub of life. If the world really were full of goldfish, it would be forgivable, but instead it’s full of people pretending or wishing to be –
“John –”
There’s touching, then, lovely, languid, and distracting. There’s a bit of teeth, quite a lot of tongue, and it isn’t until sometime later that they realise they have, yet again, failed to move from their spot in front of the fire, on the floor. There’s laughter, filling the air, hands grabbing and wrestling and tickling.
Carlton quirks an indulgent smile at the audience. “I meant: between the two of you –” he indicates Sherlock and John (who cracks his knuckles beneath his writing surface, growing less and less tolerant of the presenter’s patronizing handling of Sherlock) in turn, “who makes the best tea?”
“Sherlock, if you’ll let me, I will show you what I want for the rest of our lives.” Sherlock’s eyes are wide when they meet John’s serious gaze. “And it’s you.”
John has the distinct impression that he should be more worried – or at least shocked – by the night’s proceedings, but currently all he’s wondering is who’s seducing who, here – because whoever it is needs to take the next step –
"Not at all," Sherlock murmurs. He sees the last, lingering edge of doubt, and reaches over to take John’s shirt from his arms. He crosses and hangs both of their shirts in the wardrobe, side by side as John looks on, efficiency belying the habit of it.
"Peckish, are we?"
“It’s the tiramisu,” he complains. “I can smell it now.”
Sherlock sighs shakily, shakes his head, his eyes closed so tightly his nose and forehead are wrinkled. He’s sweat-damp already, and John wants to lick it off him, taste him all over, every last scrap and curl and drop of him.
"No?" John nudges a pasta box with his foot. "Pasta Remnant Surprise won't do?" He grins at Sherlock. "You know, Sherlock," he says very solemnly, "you should use every part of the pasta box."
the friction and the baser want.
Emboldened, John hoists himself a bit higher, gets a proper grip, his left hand still pressing the cloth against Sherlock under the guise of cleaning up, and takes as much of Sherlock’s cock in his mouth as he can. It’s awkward and his jaw aches a bit, and he’s worried about his teeth, but Sherlock’s just clenching his fists into the sheets, his pelvis jerking in tiny, aborted thrusts, apparently not worrying about teeth at all.
Last winter, a difficult winter for them both, Sherlock had chased the cobwebs from the corners of their shared space with his Strad, coaxed sound back into the quiet hollows of 221B, woven a steady rhythm into their days and evenings.
The next question is a bit more challenging: “
Sherlock swallows until his throat will admit air and sound. “You mean it,” he manages. “You mean this. You –”
Sherlock’s eyes widen in understanding. “Now?” he asks, and John nods. He slides a ventral tentacle along Sherlock’s arm, demonstrating its slickness, before letting it dip down to prepare himself for Sherlock, who can only watch, gaping, his own stimulation seemingly forgotten. “John,” he rasps as John squirms at his own touch.
“I don’t have any answers,” John says, then forestalls Sherlock’s outrage at being denied answers by lifting a hand and adding: “The elders never answered my questions.” John pulls his mouth sideways to show he’s just as displeased.
John grins, lifts up, and brings Sherlock’s cock closer to his mouth. “I’ve never done this,” he says. He looks up at Sherlock, who’s watching him with his mouth open. John keeps his eyes on Sherlock as he takes the tip into his mouth, tastes the traces of semen, quickly replaced by a renewed flow of precome.
“Sounds like a lesson worth remembering,” Carlton says with a wink at the audience, and John doesn’t miss the way Sherlock’s eyes narrow at that.
John places his hands on Sherlock’ shoulders. “You – you really don’t have to do this, Sherlock.” God, Sherlock’s skin is hot to the touch, and the air around him is laden with that irresistible scent, and John hopes it’s arousal – but without the right pheromone signals, he can’t be sure.
“Oh yes,” Sherlock says. “I – yes.”
John’s arms are around Sherlock now, holding him close, and he feels the tremors again. “Cold?” he asks between kisses, between breaths. The waves push in steadily, a little higher now, and John’s blood and bones tell him that tide is coming in, slowly, inevitably. “We can go back up on dry land, or –?”
“John!” Sherlock probably means for it to be a complaint, a chastisement, but it whips through the air between them, a breathy whisper; it coaxes a thrum from John instead of chagrin, and now the tentacles that had been keeping them upright rush in to twine and twist and push and pull and tear, flinging scraps out of the tub, and Sherlock quivers and cries out and doesn’t resist as they both slide lower into the water. His heart is pounding so loud John can hear it, feel it, Sherlock’s breath huffing out in great gasps. In mere moments he is naked above John, naked and hard and yes,
John feels the clench, braces for Sherlock to come, but just then Sherlock’s arms give out and he collapses against John’s chest, quivering on the edge of release, and keening.
Beside him, Sherlock goes still, and John knows something similar has just gone through the great mind seated next to him.
“Tell me,” John urges, mouth smearing kisses against Sherlock’s chest and neck, “tell me.”
“Oh my god,” John laughs, and it’s a breathless sort of laugh, the kind they’ve shared before, the kind he learned from John. “Oh god. You’re welcome,” he cheeks at him.
,” John groans as Sherlock whimpers, his hips starting to rock in a bid for friction once again. “I mean,” he says, retreating from the press and bite and smear of kissing, “We can stop if you want, we don’t have to – again –”
Sherlock’s eyes fall shut, and there’s a deep crease in between his brows as he groans, pulling back to free himself. “
“Sherlock –”
And then John voices a wish Sherlock had thought he’d buried with all other useless and pointlessly painful things: “I wish I’d met you earlier.”
And yet, one almost daily point of contention sticks out among the peaks and valleys of their days together. When Carlton turns expectantly to him for his answer, John says, “The vegetable crisper,” and punctuates with a firm nod. Certainly it’s the one issue that Sherlock brings up almost as frequently as John does.
John opens his mouth to say, ‘Yes?’ or ‘What?’ or even ‘Sherlock,’ because his mouth likes Sherlock’s name, holds its syllables like two smooth stones on his tongue, always ready to let them slip out.
Sherlock’s hands cradle John’s face at the cheek and the jaw, and John’s hands are pulling Sherlock close, gripping tight to the lapels of his suit jacket.
,” Sherlock says, eyes widening with realization, but John shakes his head.
In answer and evidence, Sherlock untangles himself, rolls over, reaches, opens the bedside table drawer, and pulls what he needs from it. The whole maneuver takes less than three seconds. John is almost laughing when Sherlock slaps the bottle of lubricant into his palm, but he sobers up almost immediately. Sherlock expects him to make a crack about being ‘eager,’ but John’s eyes and lips and hands and cock – oh
brother.” John is just compos mentis enough to hear the crowing in Sherlock’s voice over keeping Mycroft in the dark. Meanwhile, Sherlock continues: “So unless your natural heart rate is only now presenting itself, you may wish to calm down, as I can see your pulse fairly thrashing in your throat. Tell me, do you have gills?”
“Stay,” John says, blurts really, his mouth taken over by the panic in his palms, his skin, at the thought of losing Sherlock’s closeness.
“No!” Sherlock answers, an over-quick bark of an answer. He visibly reins himself in. “No, I – I just. No.” He shifts his weight from foot to foot a bit before he says, “This is your home as much as mine, and therefor the phrase ‘you are welcome here’ is a bad fit, but –”
–” Sherlock’s peeved little gasp is worth the on-lookers’ bewilderment – “the once you had me do it you sulked for three days because I’d ‘upset your mould cultures,’ so now it’s exclusively your job, and –”
It doesn’t, and it doesn’t, and it doesn’t for so long that when it finally does, John mistakes it for something entirely different, for friendship (because Sherlock and he are friends now – right?); the most unlikely of flatmates (even without adding in John’s origins and original physiology) solving cases and saving each other in countless grand and miniscule ways, spending their days together, together, together. Sherlock, daft git that he is, runs, and John follows, straight into danger, into all sorts of fire, and John feels he is alive and thriving and bursting with joy, present in a way he’s never felt before.
“We’ll have to experiment,” Sherlock murmurs.
But no.
“That doesn’t usually – um –”
“Easy,
, the way that arch pushes their bodies together is damn near perfect, a hot flash of desire and touch.
Instead, John has the fortune of looking up just as Sherlock takes his third bite of season-fresh and summer-ripe peach, and seeing the juice escape, run down to the bottom curve of the fuzzy fruit, cling for a quivering moment, before dripping -
“John.” His mat– Sherlock’s eyes are closed, his mouth slack, barely forming words.
And now, three months in, three months back in 221b, there's that bottle, squatting in the back of the cupboard, sulking in its jacket of dust, and John can almost feel the wasted potential of it as he lifts and holds it in his hands.
John peels his eyelids apart and lifts his head from where it had settled between the car’s headrest and the rattling window with a groan. It takes him a moment to realise that the window isn’t rattling anymore, and then he nearly pitches out headfirst when Sherlock opens his door without warning.
“Well,” John says around the sudden tightness in his throat. He feels his anger recede, fizzling in the face of
John chooses to respond to the humour for the moment, laughs and says, “No it isn’t, you git!” but he feels his own eyes show his hand, just a little, cautious and hopeful.
Skin - soft, cool - settles against John’s forehead. He wasn’t aware of just how sweaty his hairline was until that touch.
means to John.
Sherlock seems to take a moment to refocus, then gives a small smile. “John does, of course,” he says smoothly. Then, with a cheeky grin at John, he adds, “He is so
As I wonder how one so plain does dare –
Quite pleasant actually.
“Busy with your mouth,” John says, kissing him again. “Busy kissing you.”
think they knew each other well. In fact, he expects Sherlock knows him best of all the people in his life, including family. And John knows by now that he is considered an authority on Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective and Mad Flatmate – even Mycroft, who can always read Sherlock sometimes asks John to interpret or intervene.
John giggles, high and breathless, as he says: “Anti-inflammatory properties.”
John takes Sherlock into his mouth, the last vestiges of softness erased by John’s lips and tongue. Sherlock’s breath comes in sharp whines and gasps now, his hips juddering with each new twist or lick John bestows, his voice strangely loud in the space, cupped close by the stacked tumble of rocks.
John shakes his head. “I think I was the first of us in….three generations? to seek out dry land.” John shrugs. “No one else was interested – why bother going further than necessary? Deeper water had everything we needed.”
John and Sherlock share a glance.
With a sigh, the man starts to shrug off John’s robe. “You’ll be needing this back,” he says, and his voice sounds tired for the first time that John’s heard.
John is, all of a sudden, wide awake, the last measure of that transition sliding into place all at once. His breath is caught in his throat, tangled up in the after image of the sound Sherlock just made, and the momentary struggle to pull in air past that tightness causes John to tighten his arms around Sherlock.
it. Gets this sort of…tight look about his mouth and eyes – yes, exactly that – there, you see?”
“Not to worry John, I have everything in hand. There are several convenient bends coming up in the marked trail that should allow us to slip away and rejoin again with a minimum of fuss. In fact, the only stumbling block is the fact that it is so very sunny. I’m afraid I will need assistance in applying sun block in some very unusual places, so-o-o…”
, well, by then it is too late.
John’s mouth falls open. “No?” he ventures. “I wasn’t planning on it – oh, god, do you want me to?” The thought that Sherlock might not want him to stay after he found out hooks into John’s chest and
–” the aftershocks punch through John, potent echoes of that first tip into pleasure, an exquisite excess, and Sherlock is still on top of him, shuddering as John comes undone beneath him, expression dazed, smelling of sweat and sex and
at risk –”
Instead John stands, just a touch giddy, saunters over to where his Sherlock is splayed, and without explanation, kneels by his side, pushes peach and phone aside, and ducks to lap at that breath-trembled puddle of peach juice.
My fixed point as before in a world of change – and I, yours it seems,
Sherlock’s startles, makes a noise of startlement, not because John is close or touching him, because they’d sorted that - the closeness and the touching - already,
A sharp, high sounds escapes Sherlock, and his hands find John’s shoulders, and they’re shaking so that John can’t tell if he’s being pulled closer or pushed away.
When I spoke down to you from that ledge, decision made,
and then suddenly they’re on the dance floor, and Sherlock’s hands are shifting to make room for John while seeming to guide him closer –
Instead John comes to stand beside Sherlock, peering curiously at the leftovers of a childhood best forgotten.
(See the end of the chapter for
Although myself I do not count as vain,
“Ah – something sweet at home?” Angelo asks, and John hopes the redness creeping up his neck can be blamed on the wine.
“Sherlock, stop,” John says at last, shaking his head to try and focus beyond the awakening in his skin. “Nothing is
Sherlock clears his throat. “John…surely you must have known we were close?” he asks, then falls silent, his words run out at last, and John looks back just in time to see doubt flit minnow-fast across Sherlock’s features.
He feathers another kiss against the back of Sherlock’s hands, notices them trembling. “Will you come here?” he asks then, opening his arms to receive Sherlock – and then nearly pitches back as Sherlock just slumps into him, arms twining around him in a passable imitation of an octopus.
“Was that alright?” John needs to know. “Did you like it?”
Still, what if my Love were to feel the same?
“I know, I know – and yes, except –”
– goldfish. God, how tedious.)
John tangles his right hand with Sherlock’s left, takes hold of Sherlock’s waist with his left, and then he’s moving – slowly to start, pulling back and pushing forward, and Sherlock breathes and breathes around the hazy pleasure/pain of the friction, and John must feel the drag, because he slows, pulls out, fiddles with the lubricant, and then his back, sliding (
“Please, John, now, now, I don’t know if I can last, and I want –”
“Perfect,” John says. He feels like beaming, but he’s not sure how Sherlock will take it, so he tucks his face towards the shelves and fusses with the boxes until he has his face under control. “Take out or…?”
, John’s voice echoes in his memories, and it wasn’t John, not really, but it seems the scripting was spot on. “Might not have run off to get shot at, if I had,” John says, and there’s that self-deprecating twist to his mouth and his voice and his words, but his eyes hollow out the would-be humour.
“You’re surprised?” John asks, pulling back. “I thought…I thought it was obvious? I was obvious? Oh god – ” John shifts back to sit on his heels. “Oh god, Sherlock, I’m so sorr–”
will – what about you, though?”
“Could have said it before,” John murmurs, and he shifts his hips a bit, still inside Sherlock, still hard and held in a yielding heat, “but I didn’t. I should have.”
,” Sherlock groans, words and voice slipping higher, higher – and then his whole body tenses into a bow and his inner muscles clench and clench and clench, just as John’s tentacle pulses, pulses, spills into Sherlock, but it’s not enough, he wants, he wants –
“Like old times?” There’s something wistful in Sherlock’s voice, and he doesn’t look at John as he says it.
His mouth is right by Sherlock’s ear, which means Sherlock’s mouth is right by John’s ear, and he sounds a bit lost as he asks, “John? What are you doing?”
Sherlock, for his part, is leaning on one elbow, halfway to sitting up.
And promptly sits down hard as he goes weak at the knees. He manages to plug the drain with the stopper, wanting water, water, water lapping at his skin, wanting skin, wanting –
And of course I did, and how – and far more, for I have meant all
– but he can’t.
seducing you.”
“Yes, John, of course I understand what you’re saying –” Sherlock begins testily, despite still straddling John, still clinging to his shoulders, and John holds back a put-upon sigh and presses on:
“John –”
John frowns and enters the room, hesitantly. “I…live here?” he answer-asks, as if that explains anything.
John rakes his eyes over Sherlock’s silhouette, thinking that rest isn’t the only thing back on the menu now that the Work has been satisfied. “What’s going on? Fancy a swim, all of a sudden?” John asks, and god isn’t that an idea? Sherlock in the waves, the push-pull, the rush of water all over all of that skin…
“Oh, that’s it, that’s it,” John gasps. “Open, open for me –”
Then again, that might be down to Sherlock, who – even when he isn’t laying out the finer points of a recent case or murmuring observations about the other diners for John’s ears only – is utterly captivating. John finds himself lost in the elegant line of Sherlock’s neck as he tilts his head to add emphasis to a point, in the refined curves of his fingers as they lift his wine glass, the soft play of his lips as he speaks, drinks, and falls silent –
John–!” Sherlock squirms against him, in his grip, writhes as John’s tentacle expands inside him, filling with blood and water heated by his core until it is a firm and hot presence inside Sherlock. The end of the sheath arm splays to hold Sherlock firmly by the arse, kneading his buttocks and spreading him open ever so slightly as John’s penetrating tentacle stiffens – and only then the muscled length of it begins a shunting, shoving sort of rhythm, and the result is that Sherlock keens, penetrated shallowly and in quick thrusts. “How – oh god, oh god more, oh
John shifts a little at that image, hips shuffling side to side just a bit at the pleasant thought-feel, his body grasping for a yawn – or something differently satiating.
It takes Sherlock quite a while to go from not seeing and not seeing and not seeing to
“Thinking about what could have been is an inelegant form of self-torture,” Sherlock says, then.
John rubs his back, arms and ribs almost creaking with how tight he’s holding Sherlock, his mate, the man he loves with every last geographically-misplaced inch of himself. John clears his throat, trying to cough away the aching tightness that wants to still his breath. “I love you,” he says again, “
John sighs at that touch, that invitation, and licks deeper into Sherlock’s mouth, chasing his tongue back across the threshold, and then retreating, drawing Sherlock into his mouth, and when Sherlock follows with a whimper, John has to pull back and breathe for a moment.
Sherlock grins, and it’s the one reserved for criminals who think they’re smarter than him or braver than John. “Well, it’s not like we weren’t compensated – you’ll be happy to know I charged Raymond triple the usual fee for being boring.”
John’s touch against his own entrance is firm and familiar, despite the newness of the sensation. He knows how to move, knows what to expect to a certain extent, and soon he’s trembling, the heat of Sherlock around his dorsal tentacle competing with the coolness of his own external touch.
A moment later, he’s distracted from the unpleasant taste by a rush of warmth against his left hand, the muscles there kicking and twitching, pushing John’s come out of Sherlock. John groans around Sherlock’s softening cock, shifts the cloth to catch most of it, savouring the quivering gasps escaping Sherlock’s mouth. John can’t help but smirk as he pulls back, even as Sherlock’s cock slips from his mouth. He kisses it sloppily, then grins up at Sherlock, who’s flushed red and damp, his chest heaving. “How was that?”
“How long have you known me?” Sherlock asks, and if he weren’t breathless and squirming from being finger-fucked, John might have believed his haughty delivery.
Sherlock shakes his head, bites his lip. “Haven’t bought any in ages – there didn’t seem to be a need.” His cheeks colour even deeper, shading closer to crimson.
“Oh, right, yes –”
“Ready?” John asks.
“About what?” John huffs, pleasure lancing through him as their hips connect just
John is having breakfast when Sherlock confronts him.
“We still haven’t actually tasted the wine.”
John snorts. “Your people already tried to name mine – you call us ‘merfolk’ and think we all have fish tails. Seriously? Why fish tails? What good is a fish tail?” He leers down at Sherlock as he looks up. “What
“How?” Sherlock asks, breathless, and John wants to put the breath back in him just so he can take it away again. “How – how
John turns as Sherlock enters.
John’s skin writhes with those words, sensitive and craving. “I believe you.”
?” He shakes his head with a frown and adds, somewhat helpfully: “Um?”
"Your periodic table?" John could ask - and why not? John’s smarter than half of Scotland Yard put together. John would continue to survey the room and then say: "God, Sherlock, I’m sorry."
His wristwatch overnights on the pristine bedside table when he overnights in Sherlock’s arms, and his gun roosts in the drawer when they’re in the middle of a could-be-dangerous case.
John watches Sherlock look everywhere but at John. He feels a pang, a hollow stab of uncertainty. He clears his throat. “Listen, if – if this isn’t –” he swallows, tries again: “If you don’t –”
“John, do not make me talk about Mycroft and his penchant for poking his nose in everybody’s business right now. Please. Just trust me, if you weren’t clean, I’d be the first to know. After Mycroft, that is, but –”
but then Sherlock continues: “But now I’d say you are
It is 3:00 a.m. exactly.
John, meanwhile, writes his answer down, just thankful that it’s not too invasive a query – yet.
There is a long pause – one John is loath to end. On one hand, prolonging Sherlock’s confusion is cruel – but on the other, it’s just plain
“Do you think at some point we might actually make it to the bed?”
Sherlock snorts. “Sticky,” he says, but tips his jaw up, and John takes the offering. It’s slow and sensual and unhurried in a way he wants to keep.
John shrugs. “Everyone is slightly different, and besides. I hardly think we can use the average Tide cycle as any sort of guide, considering I’ve come into mine so late in life, and with a human, at that.”
Still – “Hope everyone got out alright,” – John says, out loud, for whoever wants to hear that sort of thing. But there’s no screaming and no crying, so it’s more for the look and sound of it. John shrugs against the cold and the pervasive, damp feeling of uselessness: the night (no sleep), the fire (not even flames to speak of), John (first night as a flat-sitter and the bloody thing might burn down).
he thinks, and shivers hard – but then Sherlock’s hand is cupping over his, and there’s worry in his expression. John is caught, trapped in the flood of that care, and for a long moment they simply breathe, almost in tandem, their hands layered against Sherlock’s chest.
“Three years, at least.” Sherlock tries for a smile, but it only shifts half his mouth, and one shoulder shrugs, and this is so much harder than he expected, and also easier, because John just lies beside him and breathes and runs his fingers along his arm.
“John,” Sherlock pushes in close for a kiss, his face lighting up as John gives it, gives in, until Sherlock pulls back again and says: “Ten days on a ship together, with islands to explore, passenger intrigue to uncover, and bedding to ruin.” Sherlock gives him a blazing smile, then. “I think I’ll survive.”
A weight dips the bed beside John’s hips. He feels them tilt towards it.
“Aren’t you – don’t you need me to stop – or – or?” John gasps, and Sherlock urges him deeper with another deft, twisting, pull-stroke.
“You -?” Sherlock asks, and he doesn’t know when his hand took it upon itself to move, but now it’s gripping John’s jacket, curling into his lapel, and Sherlock kisses John this time, and it takes a moment before that sinks in, the realization that he’s kissing John, those lips still damp from when they pushed against his first.
, does he?”
. and there’d been sleep and then an alarm, so there’d been thrashing and half a memory and the mad scramble out the flat (all of which had jarred the hour or so of sleep he’d managed out of his system) and now here is this man asking – asking –
Sherlock doesn’t know what John would
John can barely blink as he drinks in Sherlock’s skin, the dark, springy curls around his flushed and leaking erection. Sherlock’s arousal – the fact that he’s affected by John, John’s want – is beyond arousing. John takes a steadying breath. It’s beyond anything he’s ever thought he’d feel.
Sherlock’s eyes are wide, and his eyebrows lift and soften in a rare display of surprise and unguardedness. “You really think so.” It’s not said as a question, but John doesn’t want to chance it. They’ve spent enough time not saying things.
is currently sqwuaking about his laptop’s proximity to potatoes, so no threat there.
Sherlock’s body is patterned with gooseflesh and shivers. It feels like he’s coming down with the fever: body sore, eyes aching, throat tight, mouth dry. He doesn’t quite realize he’s curling closer to John until John’s arms close around him, embracing him.
“I want everything. John,” and Sherlock feels a thrill, electric, at saying John’s name like this, at the beginning of a request for intimate contact, out loud where it might affect the outcome of real events, “touch me, please, just –”
“Not like this.” Sherlock swallows, and for all that he’s on top, could claim some space between them, he presses closer instead. “I’ve – I’m not a – I have had – but not –”
“Perfect – you’ll wear my coat as a cover, and we can be home by the time you’re presentable again.” Sherlock’s smirk and wink combo are cheeky as ever, but John finds himself laughing all the same.
are suddenly all John can see, those hands all he can feel. Sherlock always purses his lips as he plays the violin, fingers dancing through arpeggios, hips swaying his body through the grander swells and cascades of music.
“I know,” John answers, just as softly. “I’m not just saying it.” His hands are warm where they seek to touch and comfort, leave coolness where they hesitate to land. “Sherlock –”
“A few minutes,” Sherlock murmurs. He presses his lips together, looks down at his glass, at the fireplace, out the window.
“Yes,” John is saying in between kisses, and “Sherlock,” and “Of course,” and Sherlock whines at that, and John’s hands come up to cup his jaw as they kiss, his thumbs brushing across high cheekbones, feeling the heat of high emotion in that smooth skin, but also moisture, and he won’t call attention to it now, won’t say “What’s this?” but will instead try to prove to Sherlock that there’s no need.
It doesn’t come.
The sun is hot and thirsty, the air is pungent with the smell of soil and plant growth, and in the distance, coming closer, John can hear laughter. John watches the humans from a nearby tide pool, sees them run and play, unencumbered by tentacles, unbothered by the sun, unfettered by the water.
John snorts, and they kiss again; Sherlock has his arms tucked under John’s shoulders, pulling them close together until it is less a kiss and more a mutual bruising of lips. John pulls back after a long minute, lips tingling, and asks, “Ready?” and Sherlock nods, the curiosity in his eyes converted to arousal as John’s squirming dorsal tentacle begins smearing broad swaths of friction against Sherlock’s anus once more. Now, post orgasm, the skin there has more give, the muscles beneath less tight, and John can feel them flexing with each stroke.
John sees he is awake and trails his fingers up the thin skin of Sherlock’s arms, following what must have been the path his eyes had been taking while Sherlock slept. The two inch scar from a suspect’s last-ditch attempt at avoiding arrest doesn’t quite keep John’s eyes from finding the faded pocks from another life. He thumbs over them.
“John –” Sherlock urges, and John hitches out a half-breath.
John gasps, breaks away, Sherlock’s nails against his skin too much to bear, not nearly enough to sate. “D’you – do you mind if we move this to a bed?” John pants. “Only,” and John pauses to squeeze the fingers now winding into his and kiss Sherlock’s parted mouth again, “I don’t know about you, but I don’t keep anything in the sofa.”
Sherlock, mouth open to explain, closes it with a click. “…What?” He frowns. “How is that a prize? Was it a prize? A consolation trinket for the runners up?”
The applause keeps on and on.
“The question isn’t why you wouldn’t, it’s why you
“Not long enough,” John says, the sincerity slipping out. He’d wanted levity, but there is no stopping his words now: “Never long enough.” He looks down to conceal his face. He pulls his finger out, twists two fingers in, and now there’s a definite wet sound to his movements. A quick glance up shows Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind the soft slicking noises – his eyes are closed, his kiss-rouged mouth is open, and there’s a little frown right between his eyebrows, just above the bridge of his nose, like when he’s utterly perplexed by some new development on a case. The flush on his cheekbones is scarlet, rosing its way down his cheeks, his neck, his collarbones.
“I could,” John agrees. “As could you.”
“So –” Sherlock cuts himself off and drops his gaze. His teeth worry his lower lip.
It’s like the first proper, rib-cage creaking inhale after a long night’s shallow sipping. It calls to mind the reaching stretch of muscles, the curving of the spine, the tucking of the pelvis, the curling and flexing of toes, mouth gasped wide –
Sherlock rolls over with a sigh when they’ve finished, licking his lips, eyes closed.
“You didn’t specify
John slows, stills, settles. He feels like his skin might be steaming, feels they might be incandescent together, a completed circuit.
that.”
“Think we might dispense with the rest of our clothing this next time around?” He plucks at John’s vest with his free hand.
“Yeah?” John breathes, and Sherlock is back, like a wave breaking over John, kiss after kiss making skinfall – lips, jaw, cheek, chin, every touch warm and tender – and John’s name falling from those lips each time they lift away, Sherlock’s eyes closing only to snap fiercely open again, as if afraid of missing one moment.
, then, Sherlock. Because when I say –” John cuts himself off when he sees Sherlock’s expression shift.
better spent with John, so much so that even when John is gone (to Tesco’s, to work, to the pub), Sherlock yet again continues to talk with him as if he were present, running theories and extrapolations by him, running through various scenarios and outcomes with him…
“I’ll bet.” John’s mesmerized, watches for a bit longer. “Want me to fetch a towel?” He looks up to see Sherlock blushing. “What?”
It doesn’t get much further than a sort of intimate rocking, just moving together as their mouths fit against one another again and again, infinite iterations of interlocking, but it feels like a balm, like the ocean lapping away at a tideline until something calmer remains.
They cross a footbridge, take another curve in the path, closing the distance to home.
, Sherlock thinks at himself.
,” he manages, and then his neck arches back as John sets a rhythm, insistent, hypnotic, his movements smooth and even.
“About – about this – with me?” Sherlock shudders, not slowing, question ending in a whine as John twists his pelvis to slide their erections past each other again. Even with two layers of pants in the way, even with the friction just this side of too much, it’s a glorious glow of sliding pressure, and Christ – what had Sherlock asked again?
, Sherlock snorts at himself, but the notion stands, sentimental and ineradicable. It is a fact that rooms containing John are not only brighter, but bigger, and if physics disagrees, then the current spacial-relationship theories are wrong.
“I’m always right,” Sherlock mumbles. Then he asks: “What was I right about this time?”
“See,” Sherlock says, kissing back hard, “not even remotely the same.”
“Christ,” John mutters, his nipples tightening, sensitive where they press against his vest. “Sherlock, please wake up.”
It never even occurs to him to leave.
Sherlock is quiet for a long minute before he asks, “How frequently do Tides occur?”
And then much later sighed as tessellation settled into sleep
“And you John, how are you this evening?”
Sherlock pushes out a breath and then snatches another one in, and then just holds it again.
John puts the empty box on the bedside table, dirty fork tucked inside. “What?” he asks, shifting closer to Sherlock.
“’s fine,” Sherlock mumbles on an exhale. He clears his throat. “It’s fine,” he says again, and John grins. Sherlock sighs as John reaches his abdomen and starts wiping more firmly, cleaning him in broad strokes.
But what John hadn’t been expecting at all was for this knowledge to coalesce into such an
“For instance,” John leans forward to murmur in his ear, “I don’t yet know what it feels like to have you inside of me.” This close it’s easy to hear Sherlock’s small gasp, and the damp air behind his jaw blooms with a faint shade of arousal. John slips a palm beneath the covers to feel where Sherlock’s cock is making a valiant, if unsuccessful, effort to harden.
John had wondered, then, if Sherlock had noticed that association, the pattern in his relationships: cocktails and conversation, dinner and snogging, red wine and sex.
“Lovely,” Sherlock says with one of his easy, for-other-people smiles, and it’s a good thing he’s stepping in to say so, because John is busy trying to come to terms with the fact that Sherlock entered them under the surname
"Good morning," Sherlock says, voice lower and more lust-hazed than it usually is most mornings at seven thirty-five a.m.
Before long, John finds himself lying almost all the way back, Sherlock over him on elbows and knees, shaking and swaying as shallow waves and John’s flesh have their way with him, relentless, claiming –
Until John had limped into his life - and like that day at Bart’s, now he would arrive again, without the limp this time, and the room would glow -
.” John is belly-laughing now. “Oh god, that would bother me so much more if –”
“Was it? Was it true?” John’s advancing, now. “Was what you said the truth?”
John opens the door, and for a moment Sherlock feels the floor tilt beneath his feet, because yellow squares are spread upon his bed like daylight made fantasy made
It’s slightly awkward, because they’re still seated, and also because it’s obvious Sherlock wasn’t expecting it, and then realized that his in-character persona
,” and with that he stops talking, mouthing at Sherlock’s cock as his finger prods and pushes rhythmically.
. Sherlock twitches in annoyance, tries to re-set himself, his thoughts.
Sherlock’s eyes close and he clenches his jaw. “I wouldn’t.”
John reaches up to stroke Sherlock’s cheek, his neck, the back of his ribcage, all the way down his legs to his ankles. He smiles when Sherlock hums into his neck, twisting a little, like a cat settling closer, and John feels overcome by this – Sherlock close and content, smelling of sex, limp from release, pressed against him like a limpet to a rock. He twines his arms around his back and holds him tight, letting the waves rocked them slightly, to and fro, even as he continues his light, stroking touches along Sherlock’s body.
And while myself I do not count as vain,
Sherlock is suddenly and acutely aware that he cannot control how this goes, how this – encounter? – ends – and end it must – and what then?
,” Sherlock breathes, lips dragging against John’s, breathing still ragged, thighs shifting to rub against John’s legs. “Oh god, John. That was –”
“This,” Sherlock gasps, “this is –”
But every single word is stuck behind a question John can’t quite put into words.
, John thinks, as his mouth blurts: “ –
“Just – give me a moment – let me breathe.”
“You are not incorrect on that count. Um. I’ll just –” Sherlock shifts his weight, and John can feel him start to pull away, slip away in every sense of the word.
A familiar song, in fact.
“Oh, they won’t be coming for some time.” The man shrugs. “I texted the dispatcher to let them know there was no actual fire. Nothing to do anyway besides wait for the smoke to clear.”
John blinks and clears his throat. “I…it’s unexpected,” he starts, then stops. He decides on bluntness, despite the usual, diminishing effect that has on Sherlock’s ability to refrain from rolling his eyes. “I don’t understand,” he says, and awaits the scornful explanation with a resigned sigh.
“Thinking,” Sherlock mumbles, dipping his head low to suck at John’s neck. “Could hear you thinking.”
“Let me guess,” John grins up at Sherlock, “got the DJ off a murder charge?”
John kisses him again. “Covered in
“Urhhhh,” John says, rather eloquently, he feels, undoing his seatbelt. After two botched attempts, he manages to make his hands coordinate to push the release button and pull the strap in a useful way, and then he’s finally stumbling out of the car, his feet sinking –
” Carlton turns and lifts his eyebrows for the audience to see – obviously expecting a fair bit of squabbling over the answers.
don’t want to put
“I –” The blush deepens.
“What happens now?” Sherlock asks, and his voice is quiet, fact-gathering mode, and John huffs out a laugh.
, Sherlock, but I won’t push you if you’re not – we don’t have to – unless you want –”
John covers Sherlock’s mouth with his hand, because he simply cannot hear another word about that. “We are never talking about your brother again. Not like this.”
The body underneath his fingers pushes up into that touch, seeming to search out more contact – then freezes, still and tense, and John knows Sherlock is finally awake. Very much
“Yes?”
John stops. Breathing. Advancing. Thinking. Everything.
John pulls back, breathless, and asks, “Is this alright? Sherlock?” and Sherlock pants against the tightness in his chest, because for once it’s not just a question, but an offer, and –
“Yes,” John gasps. “Whatever you want.”
“Yes, John, I –”
“Dancing – do keep up, John.”
John presses his mouth against Sherlock’s, slips his hands into Sherlock’s curls and around his hips, and Sherlock gasps into their frantic kiss. John slips his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, encouraging Sherlock to return that slick touch, and then Sherlock is pushing down as John pushes up, and everything is light and heat where they touch, the moment fanned back to fervour.
Sherlock can feel his mouth, full of words, open to answer – because refusing John
John snorts. "Starving, actually." The wine is still in his hands, out of Sherlock's line of sight, but John finds himself making a decision right then and there. From the outside, it would have looked sudden, spontaneous – but to John it feels like puzzle pieces falling into place. "We should finally open this."
John had finished his shopping, bemused by his lanky shadow, and had led the way to the tills, choosing the shortest route – only to have Sherlock stop in the middle of an aisle.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, scoffs: “Why would I?”
“Of course it was – it was extraordinary.” John flails about for something else to add, but exhaustion and his mouth settle for repeating, “
Sherlock is a lovely weight, a simple warm pressure against John’s body and bare skin where his vest has rucked up during the night. John finds he could rather easily sink back into sleep. That should be strange, perhaps even alarming – but the cozy nest of rumpled covers and consulting detective feels cyclically buoyant, like a lava lamp of wakefulness, the thrill of having Sherlock up against him spurring him towards awareness, which leads to a cataloguing of comforts which serve only to reel John back down into sleep’s murky embrace, only to start anew.
Somewhere between falling asleep on opposite sides of the last bed available in Oswich and waking up sharing almost exactly the same space, John’s finally come to terms with something – and that something is fragile in its infancy. John feels that whatever it is he says next, it had better be exactly the right thing.
“And the repercussions would last a lifetime. You think I’m that keen to be made a fool of in front of a live audience?”
“Thanks.” John raises his eyebrows as he puts on a worldly air: “I like to think I know my way around a beach.”
,” he accepts, and then John is kissing him, kissing him, kissing him.
John can’t help himself: “Oooh, let me guess – a 23 inch colour telly with Mediterranean styling in wood panel!”
But it seems as if Sherlock has other plans – or perhaps had them all along. John frowns as he shuffles his loafers against the sand’s all-at-once familiar and unexpected shifting surface. He should have known Sherlock had something up his sleeve when he suggested renting a car for the trip up there and back, and then insisted on taking the scenic route.
“You don’t want me to leave, then?”
“Sherlock –” John pulls him down into a kiss, tucking his tentacles around him to help keep him warm.
John’s legs are both wrapped around Sherlock’s now, keeping them locked together as they shift, shunting and thrusting against one another. There’s hardly any space, not a moment’s retreat as they move together, coil each other tighter and tighter about the tipping point, neither cresting – but then John remembers, or rather, his palms do, and he lets his left hand gather a fistful of curls, tightens his grip so there’s a hint of a tug.
“Yes,” he answers, “
Carlton gives the audience a look – half of which is chuckling, and half of which is murmuring in a concerned fashion. “As for you Sherlock? Care to share a fault?”
, of not wasting another second. “I guess that makes us both idiots.”
smell, an
“John, I’m sorry –”
“We –” John begins, and Sherlock is leaning forward, now, almost sitting, one slip away from sprawling onto the carpet and John, “We should – we could – oh god, Sherlock, please let’s get to a bed –”
Soft lips shift against John’s skin, unintentionally at first, it seems, but then they press a path to John’s right nipple, and take it in a gentle pinch between them. John hisses a breath, feels the sensation arch his spine and curl his toes.
John huffs out a laugh. "They don't sound like they have any fun, then. What's the point of having a bottle of wine and never drinking it?"
The audience is growing accustomed to Team Watson non-sequitors, it seems, because the chuckling has a much more uniform sort of fond acceptance this time round.
John grins at the bluster, but then a jolt of – not nerves, exactly, but something closer to anticipation – flashes through John as Sherlock begins to remove his pants as well.
“Will you believe me when I tell you the feeling’s mutual?” John asks, trying to put all of his earnest faith into his words. Sherlock rarely airs his doubts, but this shadow of uncertainty has been lurking for some time now, John thinks, gaining momentum in unacknowledged uncertainty.
.” John grins at that, and it becomes a beaming smile. He holds out a hand for Sherlock to take, and he does, his water-chilled fingers wrapping tightly around John’s.
“John,” Sherlock says at last, “my hands –”
’ from that posh mouth, he pushes home and grinds his pelvis against Sherlock, deep and dirty friction, unrelenting.
” into the space between their mouths.
Shortly thereafter Sherlock receives a text and dashes out, and John goes for a walk, needing the air he chose.
“And you want…to try this thing…that is not the wine…with me?” John’s pulse is in his throat, in his mouth.
“Yes, I can,” John insists, hands squeezing Sherlock’s for emphasis. “I chose you, yeah? And you chose me. We chose each other – as
,” John says with fond exasperation. “It’s a beach. Clean, yes, quiet, sure, and convenient – definitely. But it was – and is – just a beach.”
There are hesitant footsteps on the stairs.
Sherlock snorts, not lifting a finger to help. “Mean this. This,” he repeats, as if that clarifies anything.
Distraction and confusion provide John’s next sterling contribution to this conversation: “I - ?”
Sherlock nods, curls tickling John’s chin and nose. “Yes,” he tacks on a moment later.
John snorts – which, well, that becomes a giggle. After that, it doesn’t take much for them both to be laughing, a mess of limbs and sticky and sweat piled together on the floor in front of the Christmas tree and the skull and the slowly dying fire.
It takes Sherlock a moment to compose himself. “I –”
John stares at Sherlock, caught on his words and – and –
“For basically volunteering to meet my family,” John says and then laughs when Sherlock goes very still, apparently only now realizing what he’s offered. “Not to worry – it’s a seven day journey underwater, and there’s no kind way to make it.”
John raises his eyebrows at Sherlock before turning to face Carlton. “My adherence to petty human needs like food and sleep,” he deadpans. “It’s such a shame we can’t all go days without food or sleep. Biology is such a
“Sherlock,
“What?” he asks, and god his voice sounds strange, caught exactly halfway between irritated and relieved.
The way Sherlock tries not to wince tells John everything he needs to know.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice is a tight quiver, “
“Oh. Good. Erm –”
“You’ll come back to bed, if I say yes?” he asks after a long moment of shared breath.
“I felt it. I feel it. And,” John adds, “I was tired of not saying it.”
“Oh god,” Sherlock says, or maybe it’s John – but either way, the dam breaks: John’s tentacle finds its rhythm, begins building power in its thrusts once more, and Sherlock shoves back against its advances, then surges forward into John, who arches up to meet him, and at first the rhythms aren’t quite suited to one another, but then John’s other tentacles slip into place to support and guide, and the result is
Although myself I do not count as vain.
John blinks. “You –” he glances about for eavesdroppers, swallows the rest of his shout, and ends in a furious whisper, “
They stay for three more songs (all David Bowie – John will have to ask about that, but later), dancing and swaying in each other’s arms. When they do walk home, their hands keep straying and touching as if they’re still on the dance floor. They can't seem to stop, although neither of them seems to be trying very hard.
Bloody
“Alright?” John asks. “Understand now?”
“Good man.”
“Don’t be,” John gruffs. “I should’ve said something – explained – I shouldn’t have assumed –”
“And now for the Watsons – let’s start with you, John. What about you annoys Sherlock the most?”
“John?” Sherlock’s breath stutters.
“Could it be intended for you?” Sherlock wants to know. “Could they have heard – or sensed – us, just now?”
“Never,” John says, practically into Sherlock’s mouth. “Consider me seduced,” he murmurs into Sherlock’s ear, lipping the edge of it, then smearing kisses down along Sherlock’s neck. “I’m yours now, here, however you want.”
‘almost’; the jacket suits you – but not the cane, and certainly not the limp. You’re welcome, by the way.”
Sherlock’s come is metallic, brackish, tasting of deeper waters, and John swallows it down, some part of his physiology welcoming it, as if a part of Sherlock belongs inside him, always.
“You weren’t the only one.”
– are singing a similar song in harmony.
"You disappeared," John says, voice worried and accusatory and searching and betrayed and curious and questioning and a thousand other little layers of meaning and emotion that he’s probably not even adding intentionally. John is so easy to read, because he shows everything,
” Sherlock cries out as John clutches a palmful of curls, shudders and then
“And that brings us to the Watsons!” Carlton chirps brightly, stepping full of bounce over to their side of the stage.
“Keep dancing?” Sherlock suggests, as
John’s mouth is suddenly dry. “Just –” he has to swallow again. “Just so we’re clear – we’re not talking about the wine anymore, right?”
“No?” Sherlock asks, incredulous.
“HhmmJohn?” Sherlock’s voice is a blurred buzz against John’s neck still, and instead of pulling away, he seems intent on suffocating himself against John’s skin. Even his hips dig in closer, shifting purposefully before hitching forward with a little pelvic shuffle.
His turn to speak, and for a wild moment John has no idea to say. A glance at Sherlock’s face – half quizzical, half encouraging, and he manages: “Fine, just fine.” A smiles slots into place behind the words, and it seems that’s enough for Carlton, because he turns back to the audience and begins to explain the game.
– of each other and of themselves where the other is concerned. John’s never had that with anyone before – not even Harry back when they could have been twins. It’s a stunning little realization and leaves John more than a little breathless –
“If you think driving safely is dull, then I’ll just walk home, thanks,” John says. “It’s only about 34hrs by foot, anyway, so –” John stops to frown at Sherlock’s shocked expression, then goes back over what he just said.
They were in the wine racks, and Sherlock's gaze was now squarely on the contents of the shelves.
And Sherlock does, his muscles loosing and John finds he can slide in, and in, and in, finally extending fully into his mate – and then out again in a long, slow retreat. Every breath Sherlock takes seems to be a gasp, every exhale a shocked moan as John’s body overwhelms his with sensation, with stimulus: undiluted pleasure.
And somewhere inside John, where up and down and compass roses make their nests, is part of John that knows where home is, and how long it will take to get there.
Sherlock hangs onto John – shoulders, ribcage, waist, arse again – almost like he can’t stay away – and it takes John a moment to realise one hand has disappeared, but then it returns, places the lube into John’s grasp. “John –”
John grins, says, “That was –”
“What does the mate have to do?” Sherlock asks, and he’s crouching by the edge of the tub, so close, and his scent wafts over John, and he wants desperately to pull water into his throat, into his cells, that carries that smell. Sand and sun and bleached driftwood. Old bones, new water.
Sherlock Holmes isn’t the only one who gets bored, after all.
he thinks.
was difficult; refusing him these days is
John lifts first one shoulder then the other, and Sherlock extracts his hands, flexing them slowly. John huffs out another laugh at that. “Shift over – yes, like that –” He gets Sherlock mostly settled beside him, and then starts stripping off his pants.
“Sherlock –”
“Oi – that was one time,” John can’t help but clarify, forgetting himself – or rather his surroundings – for a moment. “And if I didn’t clean once in a while, the flat would be in a sorry state indeed!”
But then, what had been the reason behind the wine? Sherlock had stopped, had stared, had taken the bottle from John and given it his full attention, and then had placed it in the shopping basket.
Sherlock’s breath punches out of him. “John –”
Still, John felt a frisson of trepidation at the thought:
“Then what was –” John begins, but Sherlock cuts him off:
–” John stiffens into an arch, then thrashes into a secondary, internal release, his muscles clamping around Sherlock’s cock, trying to pull him deeper still, and he can feel each twitch and spurt of Sherlock’s come inside him, a silky wet heat, a part of Sherlock where it belongs.
John snorts. “Can you blame me?” John asks, sliding up alongside Sherlock to kiss him again. “What with you so gorgeous and debauched…”
“Sit up, just for a moment,” John urges after several unsuccessful attempts at undoing Sherlock’s trouser closure. “And I’ll get rid of my jumper, while we’re at it.”
Sherlock makes a pleased sound, and to the detriment of John sinking away from wakefulness, squirms into that snug hold.
“…You’re joking.”
God, how those words ache inside him, though, filling his throat and mouth until breathing feels like bruising, and it’s time to stop it,
“I,” Sherlock manages. He shifts a little, “I – ah –” and John groans as Sherlock’s body takes him in just a little deeper.
“You’ve never --?” John looks up into Sherlock’s face.
“That – that can’t be comfortable,” John points out. Sherlock normally has one or two good orgasms in him, and then any other touch becomes too much.
Sherlock nods, lets his eyes fall shut, leans forward in the cradle of John’s limbs to arch his back, an offering, and John cedes control to his want, lets it expand inside him like a bubble chasing the surface. John feels the shift in his dorsal tentacles’ skin as softer flesh moves forward beyond the texture of the suckers, in preparation for touching, for pushing, for giving and taking pleasure.
Sherlock’s hands are warm when and where they land on John, guiding and holding, and Sherlock’s waist is firm and inviting when John’s hands find their way there. It doesn’t take too long for them to wend their way lower, to the jut and sway of Sherlock’s hipbones, the swell of his arse beneath fine wool trousers.
John gets up, fetches a cup of water, drinks it down in a few swallows. He pulls stale oxygen from the water, but it soothes his aching gills even as the water pools in his belly and cools him, just a bit. He feels calmer, but also knows his hand won’t tremble now.
“Last chance, Sherlock,” John says, trembling from those two brief touches, from the change in Sherlock’s scent. “Please, please be sure –”
“I don’t mind,” John says, then pushes up to kiss him again, softer this time, slower. Sherlock’s eyes close as he kisses back, and it’s lovely, languid, lingering, this closeness, shared breath and space and touch.
‘Yes,’ I answered and then cried,
When he returns home, the elders warn him not to go back, not to let the sun take his water, but their words only serve to pull his thoughts into this new and tantalizing stream, an irresistible current of want.
Sherlock’s jaw drops open, and he’s quick to turn the movement into a question: “You – you’re – just like this?”
John wakes up warm. He wakes up
“Pleasure,” John sighs. “They – it means I’m willing. You –”
John shudders as his whole body seems to pulse, and the water level in the tub dips noticeably even as his fleshy tentacles grow a little less flimsy, filling and reshaping themselves with this new water.
Carlton’s voice is a brash interruption: “C’mon, lads - we’re done, now – time to exit stage left!”
"Problem?" he could ask, if John stopped, but maybe John would appreciate Sherlock being overcome by his touch and greater experience, maybe instead of stopping, he’d cry out, "
“Are you comfortable?”
And also testing my cover formatting options...
“Alright, let’s take this competition up a notch, shall we?” Carlton smirks at the audience. “The Watsons and the Amesons tie for first, team Willis is ten points behind – never fear, this round each question is worth ten points – get one right and you’re back in the running!” Carlton beams at the three couples.
“Oh my god, Sherlock, you feel – oh god –
And god – the
Somehow, his (hastily) discarded clothing is always hanging up the next morning, woolen jumpers and 10 quid shirts brushing up against cashmere and silk.
“What?” Sherlock demands petulantly.
Their laughter fills the room before draining away to giggles and gasps.
And silence replaced din.
John kisses him, breathless, and his mouth is cool from his panting. He’s still inside Sherlock, and for a moment Sherlock thinks maybe John’s refractory period will allow for a quick turnaround, and that maybe he’ll have his chance after all – but then John is twisting his hips gingerly, and he slips out, soft and spent.
,” Sherlock mutters to himself, then his gaze snaps to John’s. “You meant
his microscope.
“Good?”
“See that we do,” Sherlock says haughtily, but his lips twitch, betraying his amusement, and John’s always had a thing for that lip twitch, and lately he gets to taste it – so that’s what he proceeds to do.
“Yes, yes, do it –
With a gasp, Sherlock’s arms give out, and he slumps against John’s chest again, heedless of the water, simply flopping down against John’s skin and shaking, breathing, still twitching.
They’re both tired, so when Sherlock starts to laugh, at first it’s just a breathy shaking of his shoulders. He manages a few actual peals of laughter before it devolves into a full body shake, little snips of sound emerging as he tries to gasp for air. John chuckles along, but his curiosity and puzzlement keep him from joining in all the way.
“…Sherlock, I’m always going to come back.”
,” John gasps, and lets his legs fall wider. “More – two, or three –” he wants, suddenly urgent to have Sherlock inside him.
“John – oh – oh –” he gasps, keeps gasping, so John keeps kissing, mouthing, sucking –
Sherlock reaches out cautious fingers, as if John might rescind his permission at any moment, but he doesn’t, and then Sherlock is touching John’s topmost thigh, sliding down to the crease where leg meets crotch, then carding through John’s pubic hair once, twice, before finally, hesitantly, settling his cupped palm over John’s cock.
for this story by
Sherlock grunts at the sudden increase in pressure, but John fancies he can see the beginnings of a pleased smile at the corners of Sherlock’s mouth. “Alright?” he asks, and Sherlock presses a quick kiss to John’s lips in answer.
“John, your current events joke was
“Oh god.” John starts to laugh. “Oh god, we gave them the interview of the century –”
,” keeping time with his body’s spasms.
"Hhm," John shifts his pelvis. All his joints sing their discomfort. "S’okay," he manages. "…wha’ time is’t?" He swallows again, makes a face.
Sherlock snorts, then frowns. “Does anyone else know? About this place?” He runs a finger down along the rock, avoiding barnacles and mussels lower down.
Sherlock frowns at John like he’s being slow – and he probably is, given he’d just woken after god-knows how few hours of sleep and is now engaging in the barest bit of waking dreaming. “Don’t you recognise this place, John?” Sherlock asks, eyebrows still tucked close to each other.
“Copulate,” Sherlock provides, voice a hushed mumble, and John can’t help his smile.
is, just before Sherlock says:
“Is this okay?” John asks, nosing into Sherlock’s hair, smelling him, himself,
from the doorway, and
“Good morning, Sherlock,” John says dryly. Sherlock’s hips are still flush against his thigh, and dark curls are still occupying almost half of John’s field of vision. “Sleep well?” he asks mildly.
“Of course,” John gruffs out. “Of course I’m sure. I meant it when I said
that’s it, that’s the last straw.
“No,” Sherlock cuts in. “Please.” He closes his eyes, waits –
They get full points and a smattering of applause.
Sherlock wakes to find John watching him.
John wheezes and slumps back as their laughter winds down. His spine protests its sudden re-acquaintance with the wood floor. “You may have a point.” He grins. “Got carried away a bit, though, didn’t we?”
John rolls his eyes, lets his mouth quirk into a sideways grin. Safe – or safer than the smile that threatens. “‘This?’”
John is watching right back, holding Sherlock’s other hand still. Every little move of Sherlock’s fingers sends a scintillating cascade of want through John, washing through his chest, spilling down his arms. He wants to wash Sherlock in touch, wants him to feel like he does, right now, adrift in sensation, even from something so simple as a shifting thumb. John wants, and so he acts, one hand moving to cup a nipple, running the pad of his thumb over it.
It shouldn’t be possible for his mind to startle him, for his thought-up version of John to say something he hasn’t thought himself, or at least, never allowed himself to think - but there’s always something, with John more so than anyone else.
John breathes in sharply. “Yeah?” he asks softly.
“Yeah, that,” John says. “It –”
Just as Sherlock expected, however, he is not about to fall asleep (no matter how much he wishes he could), and so he is wide awake as John turns to him, still mostly above him.
” and then he asks, “Really?”
,’ is most certainly not it. “I - ?” he blurts, then stumbles, stops, and tries to breathe around the tightness in his throat. He hadn’t planned for this – prepared or imagined for this to happen. What does one say when complimented on the feel of the inside of their arse? What would John want to hear? “Thank you?” he tries, and it sounds vulnerable and bewildered and unbearably accurate to his current state.
Sherlock breaks the quiet eventually: “John.”
“I know, it’s ok, I know, let me just –” John pulls back out, and presses in with three fingers, staying away from Sherlock’s prostate this time, working on the tight muscles and rim, pushing as much lubricant in with his fingers as he can while keeping his touch light. Above him Sherlock shivers and sighs, lip caught between his teeth, eyes closed, and cheeks so flushed that they’re hot to the touch.
“Or maybe I had freshly altered my physiology and had more important things on my mind?” He tugs on Sherlock’s hand, and Sherlock follows with a huff as John leads the way down the beach, closer to where the water breaks endlessly, their bare feet pressing shallow dents into sand as they go. “Hmm,” John says when they reach the water’s ever-shifting edge. Sherlock’s eyes narrow.
“Earlier, what you said…”
“Don’t be an idiot, John,” Sherlock scoffs, then turns and fiddles with something on the counter behind him. “Of course I don’t ‘mind,’” he says, and it’s low and not at all as brash as John would have expected.
He flashes a tight smile and lifts a hand from a pocket and sweeps it out to his side, indicating the beach around them. “Clean, quiet, and within walking distance of the duller necessities like food and clothes.” Sherlock pauses, then blinks at John when he doesn’t snort or roll his eyes, as he normally would at one of Sherlock’s jabs at basic survival requirements. A shadow creeps into Sherlock’s eyes, but John doesn’t have any sort of superficial reaction to give to Sherlock right now, too caught up in a flood of memories, moments and decisions he hasn’t revisited in years.
“Not necessary.”
-else. Somehow, instead of frantic friction and animalistic orgasm-chasing, there’s this: laughter and eye contact and talking. Kisses and finger touches.
“You – is it your –?” Sherlock asks, but John shakes his head.
“Yeah.”
“So?” John prompts, but Sherlock doesn’t say anything, just keeps not meeting John’s eyes – and when John catches on, he tightens his arms around Sherlock and says, “Oh, you idiot.”
Sherlock turns and leaves, striding swiftly for stage right, against the flow of people, and John follows. He wants to ask if Sherlock’s solved it already, he wants to ask what evidence he spotted, he wants to ask so many things.
so – I’ve known for a few days now and have yet to alert the National Science Academy or Baskerville or even my
“Do you?” John asks, the trend of boldness continuing.
“Afghanistan,” John answers, the word dropping from half-numb lips. Whether they’re numb from the cold or the surprise, he can’t tell. “How…?”
Sherlock’s eyes light up,
“Hnn,” John says, using his thighs to shove Sherlock up higher, getting them closer, and now, now everything’s in line, in place, and –
Sherlock flushes and can’t quite seem to wipe the smile from his mouth.
John is impossible to read, because he shows so much, and how is one person supposed to understand all of it at once?
) is a dark-glassed bottle, with a paler coat of dust.
“I want to,” John says, kissing up along Sherlock’s neck. His own cock is stiff and aching between his legs, brushing up against Sherlock’s skin or his own tentacles as they shift, and each time is brighter, sweeter than the last, layers of sensation building up.
Your faith worn perilously thin.
Well then.
John loosens his hold at last, pulls out, pulls back.
"See something you like?" John had asked after stopping and coming back to Sherlock.
Beside him Sherlock huffs, but doesn’t say anything. Carlton notices and nods at him. “So, Sherlock, is it true? Do you never make the tea?”
“Human?” John offers.
Our close bond to be riven.
– and then his throat gills take over with a stretch and flutter, quivering with the strong pulls of water he takes while he recovers from the surprise and the breathing mishap.
Sherlock watches him for a moment, perfectly still, and then says “I – that is to say –”
better) and heads back the room.
My face and voice a wound again, your hurts stacked deep,
“Also, I purloined the taped copy of the show – he already had it in hand when I walked in. It’s in my coat pocket. Our stage debut won’t go beyond the audience members and their meager social circles.”
“Oh god, oh god, John – please, oh god –” Sherlock writhes in his hold, and John can feel that he’s close, see it in his twitching cock and quivering muscles and flushed skin.
Rather, it feels the exact opposite.
, and maybe this is the stumbling block where
“I come bearing gifts,” John says and puts down the tiramisu box, then drops the towels onto Sherlock’s chest.
here, then? And why do you look so –”
“I love you, John Watson,” Sherlock says, and it’s clear and determined and quivers just a bit on John’s name. Doesn’t matter, John’s already kissing the words out of Sherlock’s mouth, caught up in the flood of that sentence, of Sherlock saying it.
Held like this, almost surrounded, John feels a way he’s not sure he’s ever felt before. He struggles to think of a word for it, keeps trying on the same ones over and over, but none of them fit. With a huff, John lets it go – focuses instead on the feeling of Sherlock against and around him, how oddly calming it is.
This time the audience laughs with John, and Sherlock huffs, but it’s all fine. Carlton quizzes the other couples, and round one draws to a close.
“So…” Sherlock’s eyes are mercury, fixed on John’s, and John can see them dilate as he watches, waits out the pause after his voice trails into expectation.
Sherlock waves a hand. “Oh, John, of course – Mrs. Hudson’s doesn’t even come close.”
Carlton tips his head quizzically. “What does he do with it, then?”
“Yes.”
” John arches against the surge of want his body feels, a rush from head to toes and tips.
Sherlock’s room is calm and dark, but the sudden glow of weak yellow light from a corner lamp warms the space. Sherlock heads straight for the bed, then turns to catch John up in his arms before falling back into the pillows and covers.
John twists his fingers out, slowly, leaving as much lube behind as possible, paying special attention to the rim. He slicks himself with some more, hissing in a breath at the pleasure that floods him with each stroke. When he opens his eyes, Sherlock is watching him with dazed eyes, looking half blissed-out already, sweaty, flushed, panting.
But tonight the thoughts won’t settle in, won’t slink along their well-worn channels. Sherlock knows why, too, even if it’s the sort of knowledge he only glances at from the corner of his mind. He knows John didn’t accept an invitation from Lestrade or Stamford to meet up at a pub. Sherlock knows John didn’t go with colleagues from work or old army or footy mates. Sherlock knows John went alone, and if that doesn’t signify a serious intent, then Sherlock will give Bart’s back
“Next on the list,” he continues, “is Lowestoft – but the rather developed and sub-developed nature of most of the beachfront property makes it an unlikely landfall choice for someone trying to avoid notice, especially since most of the structures have been in place for at least twenty-five to thirty years. So,” Sherlock says with a grin tossed at John, caught up in his own cleverness and the flow of his sentences, his words rolling from his mouth like pebbles in the wash, “that leaves this place: just South of Dunwich, but North of the Bird Sanctuary of Minsmere.”
He won’t let himself think the words.
“John,” Sherlock gasps as their lips part for a moment, “John, trousers –”
“Please,” John whispers back, handing the word over in a kiss.
Carlton saunters up to John and Sherlock, a smug grin on his face. “Alright, gents: who makes better tea?” Obviously he’s had enough of their ‘good luck’ streak.
“Is this alright?” John wants to know, needs to, really.
Carlton shares a debonair grin with the audience as he says: “
“So –”
“…Welcome?” Every coherent sentence in John’s mind is stuck in the treacle of his thoughts. It’s late – early – whatever – and there’s this man and that skin –
Words fall away, then, replaced by gasping as they move together, a mutual rhythm that has John thrusting up and into Sherlock, urged by his arms and legs, urged by every bit of skin, by every shocked cry of pleasure from those lips.
“…How long?” Sherlock asks.
John bites his lip, then nods. “If you’re sure.”
“I know, I know, I’ve got you, I’ve got you – oh god you – you’re gorgeous, oh fuck –” John pushes into Sherlock a few more times, watches as Sherlock shivers and twitches, going limp in the aftermath of his orgasm –
lifting up into a bemused sort of expression. “Phone?” he repeats.
“I should check for sand,” Sherlock teases, but doesn’t delay – he runs his thumb along the slick-coated skin, and when nothing abrades that touch, he hoists John’s lower body into his lap, a more difficult feat now that John’s water-logged tentacles have added themselves to the equation.
for John), and Angelo finally seems to have perfected the art of leaving them to their own devices. After the initial gushing of welcome (and subsequent outpouring of praise for Sherlock) he makes himself scarce. John hardly notices the bread arriving, which is replaced by their starters, and finally the main course.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I’m clean, John, I want –”
And besides, John had given up expecting to ever feel this way years ago, so there’s no reason to pay any attention to the signs at first.
The light in the bathroom is too bright for a moment, and then John can see again. And what he sees is an absolute dearth of towels. “Sherlock?” he calls.
As a result, he wakes up slowly, his eyelids blinking lazily, dividing darkness with light – or light with darkness, as he starts to keep his eyes open longer.
He wonders how he would feel for John, doesn’t know if there’s a way to ensure that John will like being inside him enough to want to do it again, to not leave, to - perhaps - choose Sherlock over other options indefinitely, but he can hope and he can want, and oh how he does.
don’t,” John cuts in. Sherlock opens his mouth to argue, but John won’t have it. “I’ve lived in two worlds now, Sherlock – I think that means I am uniquely qualified to decide which one I want to live in, and with whom.” He pulls Sherlock’s hands forward and together, brushes a kiss along their knuckles. “And that’s you, you daft genius.”
“Sherlock?” John asks, pulls back, and then says: “Hey,” softly. “We don’t have to –”
Of our great differences I am aware,
Time to see if everything will go well - or wrong.
“You leave and I – uhh – I try to take care of this – and – and then dry out again. That’s the plan, anyway.”
John doesn’t say. They won’t understand.
John is not quite grown, but about to be, when he makes it to shore for the first time. It’s a seven day trek, and the water near land is far from ideal – but the world beyond the waves is new, different, tempting. When his tentacles’ efforts at locomotion become useless, John discovers the true strength of his legs, marvels at the simple elegance of feet as they carry him over dry sand.
“Yes?” Sherlock half-mumbles into John’s collar.
John shifts his hips, takes hold of himself, and Sherlock bites his lower lip and lets his knees fall wider, and then there’s heat and a dull sort of pressure, hinting at the possibility of bright pain. John’s still-slick hand comes up and strokes Sherlock’s cock, working it back to full hardness, and Sherlock fights not to shift in that grip, tries to keep his hips still even as his muscles contract and flex.
“Can I borrow your phone?”
John makes a soft noise against Sherlock’s mouth, eyelids fluttering shut, breath stuttering out against his lips and cheeks, and Sherlock can’t help the groan that slips from him.
“Finished?”
. John glances up to see Sherlock nodding.
Sherlock feels his mouth answer in kind, relaxing away from uncertainty. Tension unspools from his muscles, and he feels his eyes flutter closed, open again, then closed again. He tightens his grip where his hands have taken hold: John’s waist, John’s shoulder. There’s a heaviness in Sherlock’s bones, muscles, blood, leaden weights courtesy of the night, the revelation, the panic, the broken slumber: Sherlock knows he’ll sleep again, and he hates it. He forces his eyes open one last time. “Stay,” he says, although it’s really a request, a plea, even if it emerges as a command.
Sherlock’s mouth lands against his, kiss by kiss, and his skin is cooler now, damp, and John can feel the stickiness set in already. He can’t be arsed to move, though, because he’s kissing Sherlock right back, long, languorous drinks from the cup of that mouth.
into the water, and yes, yes,
“Bed, then.” John starts to stand.
I should mention that the '23" telly with Mediterranean wood panel styling' prize is lifted from an actual 1973 episode of the Newlywed Game, because that tiny ugly box as a prize made me laugh so much harder than the rest of the period typical sexism ever could...
Sherlock had taught him to dance, once, god so long ago it seems now, Sherlock’s hands in his, his feet guiding John’s, tempo and music pulling their strings, keeping them close even as they kept themselves apart.
John feels his way through a couple of different angles, and when he finds the one that makes Sherlock arch and drop a shocked ‘
But John only shook his head. Where the others of his age were feeling a pull towards one another and waking to the writhe and want of tentacles, he felt only an itch. It made his legs twitch in his sleep, made his toes curl into the softness of the sea bed. It made him ask forbidden questions, like: Why do we have feet? Where do they come from? Where do
“Shall we?” John asks after a moment. Sherlock nods, and they set off. After a few blocks of an ambling pace, Sherlock stops, though, so John does as well. “Hmm?” he asks.
Sherlock’s breath is a lot less even on the exhale.
They don’t say much more after that, although it does become one of those nights where they don’t undress themselves, relying on each other’s hands instead, and there will be clothes on the floor in the morning, and wrinkles in those clothes, which will mean hanging them in the wardrobe to air them out.
“Yes?”
, glorious skin, pale like the ocean floor, pristine.
Mrs. Hudson’s lights are already out when they arrive, so they keep quiet as they mount the seventeen steps up to 221B.
“No,” John says, and his hand shifts to rest his fingertips on the top of Sherlock’s wrist, mostly without consulting him first. “Get the table, it’ll be –”
“Oh god, Sherlock, oh god you’re so hot inside –” John breaks off in a hiss, head tilting back as he tries to parse the slew of sensations radiating up his dorsal tentacle: heat, pressure, friction, a flickering heart beat thrumming high.
is palpable, because
John purses his lips. “This… isn’t quite the right spot, actually.”
As if Sherlock could refuse John now.
When you paused, just stepped in.
“Christ,” John agrees, and Sherlock nods, which is a blessing, because John doesn’t think he could survive another expletive dropping from that posh mouth. “We – we should –”
“Just – I – just –”
“Why does this upset you so much? Surely we’ve done stranger things together for cases before?”
John has a vaguely urgent concern that whatever those words are, they have to be said
This shaded doubt colours me in shame,
“Now, each question will be worth double the points, because each question will be answered by both spouses, and we’ll compare answers after the chime as usual – got it? Let’s go!”
, Sherlock thinks. He takes a steadying breath, and is momentarily proud that it’s more-or-less even on the way in.
And that’s just too rich, so John chips in: “Yes, well
Sherlock turns to glare at John, mouth open and armed with something scathing no doubt – but just then Carlton pipes up: “Boys, boys, save some for round two, yes? And five points to team Watson while we’re at it, though honestly, I’ve never seen a couple go at each other for getting an answer
