"Then he'll be gone and you'll find someone who wants and deserves you loving them. And loves you back." When Castiel failed to answer once again, Balthazar sighed and continued, "Okay, different question. What do you want?"
How could he have been so wrong about Dean? He really had thought that there was a connection, that they both felt it. After all, he had come to the hotel with the intention of seeing him, of... well, maybe only to see him for that one night. Granted, there had been tension between them on these past flights, tension someone else than Castiel might have taken a step towards resolving much sooner. Alas, he wasn't that kind of person - wasn't someone to let another in his bed and life quickly, wasn't someone to give away what he believed were the most intimate and vulnerable moments in one's life; that precious time of togetherness he had wasted once too often with Balthazar, who has no regard for what Castiel thought of as so special.
"I don't understand your problem, Dean," Cas said, ignoring his friend's complaint. "Is this because you are uncomfortable with physical closeness to another male? I assure you my healing of your genitals didn't have any sexual purpose."
Working full-time plus overtime may have had its advantages on the financial side - but not when it came to having a social life. Lucky for him he didn't have to go to Detroit every week, as he wasn't needed at the office all the time, but allowed to work from home now and then. Nevertheless he was on the road - or in the air, in that case - often enough, and away from his brother and the few friends he had much too often for his liking. Not that he had much of a choice. Finding a job as such was hard enough, and one he enjoyed even more so. But one he liked and that paid well? Nearly impossible. He had been more than lucky with this one, and he couldn't give it up. Especially not as long as his brother was still studying and, despite his protests and claims he could do it himself, needed the support.
Preparation and even arousal forgotten for the moment, Cas leaned forward and kissed his lover, deeply and lovingly, and the response met what he was giving, free of rush and passion, just the relish of a gesture that said a lot more than they were yet willing to express in words, or even conscious of.
Gabriel's voice was an unexpected addition to the discussion; usually he kept out of the other two men's verbal duels. But having had to listen to the whole exchange, he was slowly getting fed up with it. His following comment was nevertheless not only accompanied by an eyeroll, but also a smirk. "You sound like... like... well, you. Seriously, no hen party can be that bad. And I know, I've been to some."
"Business trip. I usually work in San Francisco, but my boss sent me to Jackson for a meeting with a client, so... here I am."
"And I still don't know why I even told you that," Cas sighed while pulling out the drawer right next to him and fishing out the refill package, "this was definitely the last time I did. A kiss is not a promise of marriage or something. Besides, who says anymore than Dean being nice to her now will happen between them?"
He may have been mortified at the display - your own brother's private parts in the focus of attention of any situation was nothing the younger Winchester was happy to think about, but here they were - but at the same time it was also the most hilarious scene he had ever witnessed. Turning the deepest shade of red any person must ever have sported, Dean scrambled away from Cas' touch and, consequently, off the bed so fast that he actually ended up in a heap of his own tangled limbs on the floor.
Only a few times he moved his hand back and forth, feeling the loosened muscles around his fingers and deciding that Dean was indeed, as he had claimed earlier, ready.
Though Dean wasn't sure that would have been the best of things in that moment. Because he really couldn't control his thoughts right now.
Cas wouldn't understand. Bloody angels and their beginner's level knowledge about basic human behavior. He sighed and pinched the bridge between thumb and forefinger.
"I'll be waiting at the door to freedom," he found himself replying, even winking boldly - but also quickly retreating then before he crossed any line.
He protest and any attempt to stop them was cut short when one of the passengers rung the service bell; from the person he tended to in the second row he could only catch a quick glance at Balthazar speaking to Dean, before he was called to yet another of their guests.
"I need you to clean yourself up a bit. Do you have some tissues close by?" Distinct rustling and creaking told Dean that the other man was looking around possibly reaching for what he had asked him about. Not waiting for confirmation, he continued, "when you're done, get the sheets over yourself. I don't want you to get cold, now that I'm not there to warm you." His voice was gentle and he kept it low, trying to soothe Castiel. "Don't forget to hang up, love," Dean whispered at last, and tried not to think about what endearment he had just used, "have a good night, sleep well. We talk tomorrow."
This lost in thoughts and zoned out, he couldn't help but flinch and let out a little gasp of surprise when Dean, without warning, spoke again, determination prominent in eyes, voice and body language: "To hell with it, we
It was even more because - what if this was one-sided? The intense missing, and the feelings that were behind it? They'd never talked about this. Sure, they were together, thought of themselves as a couple, but had they ever talked feelings? No. It was entirely possible that Cas was not in it for the long run. It was improbable, going by everything Dean knew about his partner, but... well, there was always a
"I just came to ask whether my healing was effective, seeing as it was interrupted. Are your penis and testicles well again?"
Dean wasn't big on botany and flora, but he appreciated beautiful surroundings as much as the next person, and he was continuously fascinated by what Mother Nature came up with. Jess had a green thumb, her and Sam's apartment a small oasis in itself, but even though she had often offered to show him a few tricks, Dean had never dared to actually risk having something living in his home, especially seeing as he wasn't there all the time.
Castiel's eyes were almost comically wide when he came face to face with Dean, a look of disbelief on his features for a moment, before his brain visibly caught up with the situation. And then he started to blush furiously.
"Nice, too, mum had a costumer celebrating her birthday at the café, older lady with her bowling friends. You know how there's a certain age older women have to pass before they become embarrassingly suggestive and dirty-minded? They
Groggily he slumped down on the mattress again, in his arms a mess of soft cloth he shook out halfheartedly over them before falling back into the pillows, already crowding Dean's space by slinging his arm around the older Winchester's middle and curling into his side, one of his legs slung over Dean's, his head landing on the other man's shoulder.
The first thing Castiel noticed when he woke up was that feeling of being cold, but in an unfamiliar way. It wasn't the way he felt when during the night he had kicked off his blanket and laid bare and open to the cool air; nor was it like when in winter months the dark hours turned out to be colder than expected and that low temperature had crept into the room.
"I'm Paul, by the way. And you're name is Castiel?" the man, turning out to be the same height as Cas once there were standing in front of each other, said. His hand curled around Castiel's hip as he did so, and with a pull their bodies met.
"Come on, Cassie. I mean, what if you had met him somewhere else, outside work, and he then decided to fly with us?"
The fact that there was no one he knew of who had that kind of long-distance relationship also made him wonder if that was because it just wasn't possible. Maybe, for a short time, like they had endured it five months now. But how long was this going to work, not having the person one loved close by? It was painful. It was insufferable.
His friend didn't even answer. She just looked at him sympathetically and hugged him; and when she let go again, she just snagged the bag of chocolate chip cookies and the Xbox controller and pressed it into Dean's hands.
When he'd received news that there had been a change of plans and he wouldn't be needed to work at the office this week, Dean hadn't hesitated even one second. How could he, with the prospect of seeing Cas, and even if it was only for a short time? By taking the first flight on this Saturday morning he made sure that he'd arrive as early as possible back in San Francisco, and there'd be many hours to spend with his lover before Sunday noon.
A place of peace. A place to be reunited with the ones you loved, without any conditions or limitations.
Nodding lightly, Dean brought up a hand to cup Cas' face. Gently his thumb caressed the angel's cheek while their eyes exchanged what words could not have expressed properly.
"That's... that's great. And you know, you could always... uh..." Why was it so hard to offer company? They got along great, they liked it each other, they had the same humor. And Dean would really like to spend some more time with Cas. On the other hand, there was this ever-present nagging doubt that made him think that this was all just part of his job. The friendliness, the apparent alikeness between them. Wasn't that what flight attendants were supposed to do, make their passengers feel comfortable and at home? What did he have to lose, though, if he chanced a question, an invitation to some time spent together?
"But what if... something is seriously hurt. You really wanna risk that?!" He was so not having this conversation. No one should have such a conversation with their brother. Especially not their big brother whose sex life one had to deal with way too much already, alas involuntarily. But then, probably not everyone had a brother that was so stupidly stubborn. Or, at times, stubbornly stupid.
"Dean...?" Snapping out of his musings, Dean scrambled to get his thoughts back on track - bring himself back to that man on the other end of the line who waited for further instructions.
"Not until now," he replied to Dean's comment and pecked his nose while his hands were busy with the plastic bottle. "Also, I always thought that's what makes it interesting?"
"Alone as it might be," Jo quipped, quietly, and pointedly ignored Dean sticking his tongue out at her.
Seconds passing in silence seemed to become a bad habit of this phone call when yet another few moments neither of them spoke. Dean kept wondering if there wasn't something he could do, any way he could meet up with Cas so he could at least see him for a few hours, but then he guessed the effort would be too great. He would do it, but he couldn't ask it of his lover who he knew liked staying in the calm and quiet of a hotel room or apartment when he wasn't working.
"Listen, Paul, I... I'm not sure I--" He was cut off the moment the other man's lips landed on his - and a hand squeezed between them to grab his crotch. The kiss was not the best Castiel had ever had - but not the worst either. The touch that came with it, however, was enough to make him squeak in surprise and take a step back, detaching Paul from him. He wasn't going to deny that his body was reacting to barkeeper's actions, but was that really what he wanted? Some stranger getting him off, only to never be seen again? Even if it was just a handjob, or a blowjob - in Castiel's book it still qualified as one night stand. And that was absolutely the opposite of what he wanted.
He was just in the progress of searching for his underwear when he heard the door lock click, announcing someone entering. Quickly turning towards the window and thus away from the entrance, he quickly dismissed, "I don't need cleaning services right now, thank you," and hoped the hotel employee would get the message - and not think of him as a too impolite guest, since he spoke with his back to the person and didn't acknowledge them any further.
"You ever been to Califor--" Dean began, but then snapped his mouth shut and groaned. "Of course you will have been, sorry. Yet here I am, about to give you a few tourist recs."
As first kisses went, there was some getting used to the other person they had never kissed before, so it was far from perfect - and yet, it was. It was the fulfillment of a longing that had to last too long, in both their opinions. Being finally able to taste and feel, getting what they had been desiring from afar for so many weeks, months even - what could have been more perfect? Both men clung to each other, standing there in the middle of this truly magical garden, and didn't waste another thought to holding back; to rules and regulations and any other reason why this maybe wasn't a good idea.
When he awoke the next morning, it was to a grey sky and raindrops drumming against the window pane of his room. He almost considered just staying in bed, ordering up breakfast and spending his Saturday reading; but weekends were short and he hated wasting time. After all, he had some suggestions from a certain passenger he really wanted to follow.
"I don't know. There was never an opportunity, I guess." His friend's raised eyebrow told whole tales of how much Balt did
A low moan was his response, and confirmation that obviously, he was doing it right. He did his best to remember everything he had ever experienced himself and read about it, intent on making this perfect for Dean. His finger he thrust in and out a few times, a slow movement he felt no need to rush, no matter what his lover demanded. Only after several moments he sought out that one particular spot inside Dean - the one that left the man release a strangled gasp.
waiting for my coffee!" the man in 9c complained loudly, causing the other passengers around him to look up and around curiously.
"In the literary sense of the word, yes, but-- all right, car boy then. Dean's car boy. Suits him better anyways. But the question remains. How did you do it?"
A slight cough made them part a few seconds later, to discover a smirking Sam who had entered the kitchen.
His room in some hotel close to the airport in San Antonio was nothing more than four white-turned-grey walls casing him in, and the quietness within reminded him more than ever of his loneliness.
"Welcome on board, Mr. Winchester," he began, already a warning undertone in his voice, "We hope you have a pleasant time on this flight." Not willing to play this game, Dean simply rolled his eyes and was about to walk past the flight attendant, when the same grabbed his arm and whispered into his ear, "But if you make it too pleasant, we'll make sure to correct that for you."
"I feel very special now," Dean quipped at that, suddenly needing to lighten the mood because he believed that strange tension between them would otherwise kill him soon. And the other man didn't help it when he replied,
Time and again he reminded himself, though, that he had to think of the here and now. Where he was human, bound to stay on Earth unless he either went to work or had earned and saved enough to take a plane.
"Good heavens, Cas, live a little! It's not like I want you to marry the guy! But like I said earlier, there's some tension in you that makes me worry you might snap sooner or later, and some relief won't be wrong. And if it is brought to you by someone who is easy on the eyes, with whom you can pretend?"
This evening, much to Castiel's relief, it was rather empty. He nevertheless chose a table in one of the corners, where new arrivals wouldn't spot them right away. He needed to have that conversation with Balthazar, and he needed it have it alone.
"Our shift starts at 7.15 tomorrow. I have to get up at five. This is not the right day to go out, Balthazar," Castiel tried to argue, only half-heartedly trying to push his friend's hands away as they began to undress him.
Now that Jo knew also almost everyone who was truly important to him was informed, and as Dean thought about it, it lifted a huge weight off his shoulders.
He would fly past big cities and small villages, over forests and deserts, along rivers and across oceans - heading for whatever was out there, still awaited him, searching for something he didn't yet know he was looking for.
Now he was a father and, to some extent, a husband - a 24/7 job that required full commitment, no matter what he wanted or was in the mood for. Lucky for him, there was nothing more he wanted than to be with his family, with Cas and with Mary, as much and as often as possible. So nothing about that closeness they shared was worrisome to him, contrary to what some people seemed to try and make him believe.
Shockingly enough, Dean found that he wasn't all that bothered by it. He was more bothered by the fact that he'd have to leave Cas, because as much as the other man meant to him, a Led Zeppelin tribute he just couldn't miss, and not only because the tickets had been horrendously expensive.
"Whatever happens, Cas, whatever you worry about or keeps you from doing something, or enjoying something, you have to let me know, okay? I'm glad you told me this, but next time, do it right away. This is for us both to have a good time, and it's of no use when it keeps you awake half the night. I want you to feel happy, not miserable." Castiel nodded and was quick to meet Dean when he leaned forward to kiss him, exchanging a slow, loving kiss free of any rush or even passion. It was the kind of affectionate gesture he enjoyed most, maybe even more than any good lovemaking or orgasm; because it went so much deeper and kept his hope that this could be more than two people taking pleasure in each other for a limited time alive.
In fact, if the result of such frightful moments would always be such a friendly and handsome face, he might have been willing to go through that again. The flight attendant - whose name he, much to his dismay, didn't learn or ask for - had definitely been a bit above that standard level of caring, and doubtless much more than just polite. And now Dean couldn't help but look forward to his next flight with 8th Heaven Jetways, hoping that he'd be lucky enough to catch another one of the man's shifts.
"I'm serious, Dean. Don't hurt him. Take care of him. I told you before, Cassie's like a little brother to me and Balthazar. He doesn't have anyone else. Don't give him hope when you're not planning to go through with it."
"This is Jo," she picked up quickly, and apparently hadn't checked the caller id before doing so, since she usually greeted Dean much differently.
"Seriously, Balt? Don't you have something to do?!" Castiel snapped at the other man standing in the galley and chewing on a lollipop - his only substitute for cigarettes during flights, as he claimed - he had probably gotten from Gabriel.
"Uh... Sammy and Jess are here. And Charlie." Lowering his voice, he added, "They've been nagging me to introduce you to them. Sorry I didn't give you a heads-up. Wanted to do that on the flight, but then you weren't on it and they fetched me from the airport and I forgot to call you."
"Dean," Castiel said warily, a shiver in his voice, and the other man didn't need to see him to know that he was blushing. Clearly he had at least understood.
It were times like these when Dean simply took Cas to bed and pleasured him with his hands and mouth, which always tired him effectively enough so he fell into a deep slumber, one he wasn't risen from by outside noises or nightmares. The following mornings always awaited with reciprocation from Castiel's side, sometimes slow, drawn-out love-making that left Dean writhing and begging, sometimes passionate sex that was repeated as often as they were physically capable, and afterwards a good breakfast.
"Yup, I can see how totally with us you are." Apparently Balthazar wasn't yet through with his stabs; and really, how could Castiel ever have assumed something different. He knew that man long enough, after all.
"Good. Let go of your cock, now, Cas," he ordered, and at the noise of protest he repeated firmly, "I need you to lift your hands off your body for a moment, and then I want you to put some lube on your fingers. I know you can do that." The squelching sound that followed drew a sigh of relief from Dean, even though he wasn't quite sure what he was relieved about.
"Mine yes, but not Mary's," he gave back, eventually arriving at the bathroom door and carefully peaking in, a fond expression on his face as he watched his partner and their little seven month old baby girl they had adopted a few weeks ago.
"Yes, I'm fine, Yanny. And as for the name plate, I don't think that'll be either necessary or useful," he offered with a now tired smile, and took the key card Yanny handed him.
He had talked over the hoarse chanting of 'yes yes yes' that came from the other end of the line, but stopped the moment when Castiel moaned his name, drawn out and with a broken voice. And it was only then that Dean reached down and brought himself to a quick but intense climax.
The shaking didn't stop. It went on and on, causing every muscle in his body to lock in place, even though he wasn't sure what that was supposed to achieve. He did it anyways.
"Yeah, I get that, hold on a second, it's Castiel..." Should he guess? Try a few common names? Maybe he was lucky. He had talked to Cas so much that he had made himself believe he knew him so well. It was like a splash of cold water. Dean knew next to nothing about his flight attendant. He was just Castiel.
"Dean..." the flight attendant only murmured, now after all following his body's instincts and pressing himself against the other man, needing as much of their bodies touch as possible, and if only to reassure himself that his lover was still there, and wouldn't go anywhere.
The moment four-thirty arrived, his computer was shut down and his seat empty. In record time he reached the airport, even though it was pretty useless, seeing as there was no way he could have gotten an earlier flight. And he didn't want to either, anyways.
"You kissed, Cassie. Yet here he is, chatting up the next pretty lady that happens to be in his orbit," Balthazar argued, opening a few of the cabinets, looking for something. "Now where the hell is the pepper again?!"
"That sounds perfect," the other man replied, and smiled at him, and quickly squeezed his hand, his thumb gently brushing over the back, before he let go again.
The week went by not as fast as Dean would have liked to, but he also had enough work to distract him, so he only really noticed the Friday that had him glance at the clock on the wall of his office every ten minutes. Or at least that was what it felt like.
So while Sam returned Cas' greeting cheerfully, Dean merely let out a sound that came, interestingly enough, he noticed, close to being a growl.
"All right, Dean-o, here's the thing," the chief started, "Cassie want us to stay out of his business, but if the little one is unhappy, it becomes our business as well."
"Of course," Castiel immediately replied and got up, following Jessica into the kitchen. But once there, the blond woman entirely ignored the fridge that held aforementioned snacks; instead, she whirled around and faced the man behind her in a movement so quick that Castiel had to take a step back.
"I don't know. Have you?" Castiel teased, a gentle smile on his face, and leaned in to peck the other man on the cheek.
Nodding once, both men turned at the same time; Dean to return to his seat, and Gabriel to resume his work.
But when he dared to look up then, he was surprised to find that his to-be lover had turned a few shades of red.
"So?" she continued, entirely unimpressed, and stuck her tongue out at her future-brother-in-law when he threw a cashew nut at her.
Even their goodbyes were cut short when the pilot, some Michael Archer or something, if Dean remembered correctly, demanded Cas' presence and the flight attendant had to leave the farewell wishing to one of his colleagues. The look the slim man with the heavy British accent gave him had Dean ponder on for quite a while after he had long left the airport.
"Just for a little while. I hate to entrust our baby girl with someone else, too, but we haven't had a bit, you know... us-time in a while. I miss you." He didn't give Cas the chance to reply; he simply caught his lips in a kiss that found quick approval and a passionate response; one that left them soon without their shirts and threatened to make them lose their pants, too. That was, until a cooing sound interrupted them.
Squinting at Dean in irritation, he wondered, "Why would I ever want to do that?" and found his partner looking at him with a wide-eyed look that told him that apparently neither of them wasn't all that sure about the answer. Even if before, they might have known.
"No, Dean, that doesn't just happen. Not to you. Not about a concert that's as close to your personal Holy Grail of Music as it'll ever get as long as Led Zep don't reunite properly and with the original crew, which you might only have a chance to see in heaven. Or hell, depending. Oh no, you forgetting
, let Dean's own arousal grow, and he stroked himself a few quick times in hopes of calming himself down a little. The plan sounded better than the result.
"You're a terrible tease, has anyone ever told you that?" Dean complained, a half-hearted grumble in his voice and words, before he leaned down and claimed his lover's lips again, using tongue and teeth to try and spur Cas on, but he had none of it. Instead, he pulled his hand back, which was answered with an unhappy groan, and reached for the lube again.
"He has," Jess replied for Sam, and grinned winningly; then she bumped her hip against her new fiancée, a gesture Castiel was certain was meant to encourage the younger Winchester to speak.
"I think we've managed pretty well so far," Dean defended, not quite sure what his friend wanted to tell him. He and Cas were great together - what else could they do to become even better? Was it even possible? Perhaps there was this problem of them being apart all the time due to their jobs, but really, that wasn't their fault. It wasn't as if they could just quit.
It was idiotic, he knew that - idiotic and unprofessional. But every once in a while, even someone like Castiel Shurley claimed the right to be not the responsible and level-headed person he was on an average day, but as human as everyone else. According to colleagues and acquaintances he lacked that humanness most of the time, so he believed he was allowed to wallow in it at least every now and then.
Introducing Castiel - now officially his... boyfriend? Nah, they weren't teenagers. Lover? Not quite a name for someone you were in a relationship with. Partner? Could work, but had a cold, clinical air to it. Significant other? Okay, they definitely had to talk terms at some point.
"I'm not sure our schedules will match though," he said, putting his hand over hers on his knee with the intention of gently removing it. She, however, took it as invitation to slip it a little further up, and let her other hand come to rest on his chest.
He started when he left the small cabin of the toilet and - once more, just like on that flight the week prior - found Gabriel standing before him, in his personal space. And the chief flight attendant didn't lose any time getting right to the point.
For once, boarding the plane was almost easy. True, the take-off was still made in hell, as was the landing later on, but the rest was actually quite fine. Maybe it came from his mind being so occupied with what he'd do in a short time. Who he would see in just a few hours.
"Yeah, love you too, Dean," she huffed, but apparently decided to not mind beyond that, "What's up?"
"Hi, I wanted---" And all of a sudden it hit Dean that he didn't even knew Cas' full name. How was he supposed to find out which room his favorite flight attendant was staying when he didn't even know who to ask for?
Same back was snatched only a few minutes later when Cas suggested to find some shelter after all, as the rain began to become heavier, destroying their hopes that maybe it were just a few lonely drops of a some even lonelier cloud flying by. A thought that had been in vain anyways, if the darkened sky was anything to go by.
Castiel nodded in agreement, the two of them walking out and to the Impala, standing there like it belonged, reflecting the sun beams. And as he slipped behind the wheel, Dean's heart skipped a beat. This was his freedom; this was his Heaven. Driving baby, Cas next to him, and knowing that Sam would be with them after he had lived a happy life with Eileen and their son.
A rare thing as it was - this was apparently one of the very few times Castiel's tongue conspired with some secret decision making fraction of his brain. Both of which were living off a much bigger reserve of braveness than he was.
"Cas," he breathed, and unbidden yet not unwelcome tears denied him a clear vision of the angel. "You're… here."
Dean had actually forgotten about it. He had been looking forward to it for months, had - though he would rather cut his tongue than admit it out loud - indeed nagged Sam about it, and probably several other people in his immediate vicinity as well... and now it had just slipped his mind. Just like that.
"But I don't want to be here without you. It's all right, Dean. Yanny will be happy to see me, too."
"You can go to sleep," Dean whispered gently into his ear as he still fought against dozing off, "I'll be here when you wake up." And it was the promise that helped Castiel to eventually allow himself to fall into a restful slumber.
But it was true - he didn't notice the woman sitting next to him on his flight back to Detroit the next Monday, and, on top of that, especially didn't notice how beautiful she was. It was she who
Cas laughed lightly at that. "We used kind of a secret entrance, but it is monitored by cameras, and any unauthorized person would cause an alarm and security escorting them out immediately."
"Alright," Balthazar gave in, "We have talked about this, Cassie. You know my opinion. I will continue to believe you're stupid if you let that chance pass, but... there you are. Do whatever you think is right, even though it isn't." After he had finished, Balt nudged the man beside him with his elbow, who groaned unhappily.
Still. It was ridiculous. This wasn't even long-distance anymore. This was long-distance of-around-the-globe or something. Or in short: too far. Not having Cas around for a short time was unbearable. And he never knew if the phone calls - at least those they tried to have once a day, if not more often - made it better or worse. But the prospect of not being able to see him for a full month? it made him actually question the whole thing. As much as he hated himself for it, and his brain for having such thoughts, but what use was a relationship if the respective others barely ever saw each other?
"Hey, Cas? You all right?" Castiel blinked, realizing that he had zoned out to thoughts of Balthazar, of all people, while the man who was important right now - and hopefully would be for a long time - was right there in bed with him... and fumbling with opening the bottle.
With a sigh Castiel picked up his own suitcase and the baby bag, and took another look around. It was going to be the first time he left home and went to an airport not to work, but to find a temporary new home, rest and relaxation - with those he loved most close by.
Nothing else needed to be said after that; Balthazar's little stab was an agreement nonetheless, and the forces pulling at them as the plane set off to start had them shut up anyways.
With a cheerful "Tadaa!" he eventually had the object that was now easily identified as a muffin freed and held it under the other man's nose. Carefully Castiel sniffed, before he stuck out his tongue and licked.
Not that he wasn't going to make very good use of that opportunity now. There he was, his fascinating and gorgeous passenger who happened to also have a wonderful, kind and charming personality, and he was ready and willing to become Castiel's lover, so how could he have let that chance pass, even if this timid self with its tendency to be rather inhibited wanted him to.
"I'm not a regular in hotels, but I'm sure that eight in the morning is a bit early for the cleaning team," a familiar voice answered, and Castiel whirled around, eyes wide as he came face to face with the subject of his earlier thoughts and worries.
A gentle smile bloomed on Cas' face, one that was so full of adoration that Dean felt a lump form in his throat. "Actually, I'd love a recommendation or two. While I've been here a number of times, I never put much effort into sightseeing. I didn't know where to start, was always too tired to really do advance research and planning." He blushed a little bit, his gaze drifting, as he added, "and it's not so interesting when one has to do it alone."
When Castiel finally pulled out and slumped down beside his lover, several seconds - or possibly even minutes - has passed, and yet both men were still breathing heavily, unable to do much, whether it was speaking or moving. It was only when they had calmed down enough that Cas got to face Dean again when the other man turned onto his side.
"There! Again!" he called out, apparently all he was able to produce in regards to coherent speech. Not that Castiel had trouble understanding him. Feeling the muscles loosen slightly around his finger, he dared to carefully add a second to the one already inside, causing Dean to automatically try and pull apart his legs even further, to open himself even more for Castiel. His lover swallowed hard at the sight, and rewarded Dean with another brush against his prostate, which was answered by a jerk and a whine. He continued his light touching of that sensitive spot inside the other man, while he resumed the slow and rhythmic thrusting motion with his hand, getting Dean used to the intrusion and movement.
"Remind me to never take you out to dinner or something. I'd probably jump you before the first course is through." Dean's toneless comment - and really, what he was just witnessing was too erotic, but in an innocent kind of way, for him to still pay attention to what he said, or even how he said it.
"The last thing I need," Castiel bit out, ducking away from the barkeeper's sight and choosing a booth that allowed a little privacy, "is some Dean look-a-like that only reminds me of someone I rather forget for now!"
"You, flirting with that nice dark curls lady next to you. I mean, I totally get it, she is hot, but from what I hear you already have one ball in the air, and I very much suggest that's all you should have right now."
"Can't say you're not prepared," Castiel couldn't help but quip at the sight of the lube, completely new as it seemed. From his experience with Balthazar, he was used to little foil packages; only later on he had bought a bottle for himself, simply for practical reasons. It gave him a funny feeling in his stomach that Dean hadn't brought the one-time use only packages that always had given him this impression of something quick and unimportant. Which it had been.
Sitting up abruptly, Cas quickly shook away his sleepiness and looked around. Indeed, he was alone. Dean was gone. There was nothing of the other man left, nothing that indicated that maybe, he was only in the bathroom, or... or...
Having one-nighters had been fun once; now they weighed on him, told him of the things he didn't have. Like a real home. Or a family. Someone to come home to, someone he could be himself with, someone he wouldn't have to put all energy into to charm and win over. He may have been good at it, but that didn't mean it was free of any effort.
"Weird," was the only comment the his brother made then, and to which Dean snapped, "You're not saying, Sammy," in way of answer.
"Well... because we were apart so much and I would never have expected you to quit your job for us, for
"You seemed quite cozy just then, holding hands and all," now Balthazar chipped in, coming into sight beside him with his arms crossed.
Dean couldn't help but chuckle at her words. She was nice, even though her blatant flirting and the touching that was still going on shamelessly were a bit too much for him, and he wondered how he was going to communicate that to her without being impolite. Every other time he would have immediately leapt at the chance that was presenting itself to him, but now... Now it was entirely different. Now there was a certain flight attendant occupying his mind, and he was the one and only person he wanted to fall onto something soft and bouncy with.
"Not quite the kid I imagined us to have one day, but there you go," Sam chuckled, and patted Cas on the back.
Sam, for his part, wasn't too convinced regarding that 'fine' part. Especially not when half an hour later his and Cas' - who had stayed, just in case, despite Dean's protests - research was interrupted by a groan as the older Winchester tried to get up.
else than your own hands will do you some good, trust me. Especially since I somehow doubt that your own hands have much to do these days."
"I'm here, Cas. I'm not leaving. I want you to know that my hands feel you right now. My fingers trace your cock, and my thumb rubs your slit, and it slides so easily in the precome there. My other hand splays on your stomach, because I love it to feel your muscles as your body readies to come. But you have to help me, Cas. Do it for me, okay?" The breathing in his ear became heavier, pants and little moans replacing the normal, steady rhythm Dean had so often fallen asleep to recently. He knew Castiel was getting close, but he had one more thing planned. "Cas?" he asked quietly, a different tone to his voice that tried to get through to his lover. A low growl was his answer, and it had to do. "Do you have lube somewhere?" Again a sound, this time something Dean recognized as one of painful pleasure; the one he always got to hear when he took especially long to tease Cas before allowing him to come, or entering him.
"That is quite clever," Castiel admitted, and closed his fingers around Dean's wrist to pull the hand still holding the muffin to his mouth again and take another bite. And while Cas was busy chewing with a contented hum, it was for Dean to swallow hard. And keep himself from devouring his lover, who was so much more interesting than the breakfast. One had to know, Dean Winchester was no one to ever forego a meal, so this? This was a big deal. Something Dean was slowly beginning to realize.
Heaven's Door was the regular bar for all 8th Heaven's employees, once chosen by them. Incidentally, it bore the right name for that group of people, which may or may not have helped the decision. But by not being far away from the airport, and having moderate prices and nice personnel, it was okay; even if it didn't have the most outstanding offers in food and drink. And it definitely was a nice meeting place.
There was just one thing - one tiny, little thing - that had taken residence in his life recently he really had a problem getting used to.
This man though, this flight attendant, was different, and it only made his interest grow. It was nice to have someone who actually seemed to care and tried to relate to the passengers, for a change. And he wouldn't like and claim that the other man's good looks didn't make things much better also.
There was a rock in his stomach - it could only have been a rock, judging by the heavy feeling - that needed to be taken care of, and even though he was not happy to do so, he carefully detached his left hand from the armrest to push the button on the panel above his head that would call for one of the flight attendants.
Castiel waited exactly for as long as it took his friend to vanish through the curtain before he allowed himself to fall into his seat in the crew area and bury his face in his hands.
A thought occurred to Dean then; maybe they couldn't be together right now, but that didn't mean that he couldn't at least try and relax his lover a bit.
It was the prospect of seeing Castiel once more before he left that got Dean through the landing this time. He clung to the image of his favorite flight attendant, smiling his brilliant smile, a sparkle in these beautiful blue eyes, and before he knew it, they touched down and rolled into parking position.
"You're a weird muffin, Cas," the indignant squeak the flight attendant gave at that got completely ignored, "and I couldn't be happier that you're a part of our family." And before he even knew what was happening he found himself wrapped up in hug he was quite sure only monkeys were capable of - what with the clinging and all.
What if Castiel wanted to spend time with Dean just as much has Dean wanted to? Could he risk it? Could he... or should he wait a little more? There was something yet keeping him from taking the dive head-first. And he wished desperately he could just overcome it already.
"Yeah, I know that one, have seen it a few times. Good to know it's recommendable, I keep that in mind he next time I have to get rid of relatives," Dean winked and was rewarded with a smile; something he couldn't get enough of, brilliant and infectious as it was.
"Shouldn't he be fly boy?" Charlie piped up, thumb pointing into the flight attendants direction, and popped a potato chip into her mouth, munching away happily on it.
"What? No, Cas, listen, it's just--" But before Dean was able to finish, the angel vanished in an audio-only flurry of wings.
licked. Dean had a hard time to control his jaw so it wouldn't just fall down. Other parts of his anatomy proved harder - literally and figuratively - to control in the face of that display, even more so now that Cas, still wary of what was presented to him, placed his lips on the pastry and then bit down slowly.
It was fascinating for him to watch as Dean let his head sink deeper into the pillow, his eyes fluttering closed, his teeth biting his lower lip, but the same springing free as he gasped when the crown of Cas' cock snapped past the first ring of muscle.
"Shurley," a familiar voice behind him suddenly said, quickly followed by, "hello Dean. What are you doing here?" It was enough to at least stop the man behind the counter stop glaring at him - and it certainly was enough to make Dean blush when he turned around.
Dean had always known that he wasn't one for long-distance relationships. Granted, he had never thought he'd be one for a relationship, period, but then had he learned early on that life wasn't exactly predictable, or plan-able, as much as he wanted it to. And it wasn't as if this part - the whole relationship thing, having Cas in his life - was bad. The contrary, two-hundred per cent.
"Really." Another kiss was exchanged, slow and loving, soothing the little bit of grumpiness Cas sensed about Dean. His following words did the rest. "But not as much - never as much - as I have and ever will miss you."
The moment he started the engine, the familiar sounds of "Carry On My Wayward Son" by Kansas blasted through the speakers, and he looked over to Cas who was already nodding his head ever so softly in the rhythm of the song.
"No, thanks Cas, I'm fine," he replied, then however lowered his voice to barely above a whisper and added, "unless it's yourself on a silver platter." Castiel's eyes widening scandalized and with the slightest of embarrassment surely was worth it, Dean thought, and winked at his lover with a grin. Who was quick then to overcome his momentary shock.
Moving above Dean, Cas reached for the lube and slicked his cock and Dean's entrance up with a generous amount of the clear liquid. He stole another quick kiss from the other man's lips before he locked his eyes with him and at the same time brought the head of his erection to his lover's hole, gliding over it a few times and then slowly pressing in.
Whatever they were going to label each other now, they were together, and it was really all that mattered. Dean didn't have to pretend anymore, didn't have to wonder how much was too much for two people who weren't in a relationship, didn't need to worry about calling him just to talk, just to say goodnight or good morning, or because he longed to hear his voice. So maybe they had done that in these past weeks already, and neither of them had complained or wondered about it, but now that they were official... it felt different. It felt as if it had a future. As if it
"I was joking, you know. We always have a good time, and I know they are happy to have me around when I'm in San Francisco. And even if they don't want to include me in their weekend plans every once in a while, it's okay. I get it, I mean, who wants to have around their sibling all the time, anyways?"
There was a dagger formed out of the words he really hadn't wanted to hear right now, and it found a new home in Castiel's heart. Of course would a man who chose to fly on a regular basis despite his anxiety have a very good reason for it. And what else was such motivation than traveling between work and the place where loved ones lives? This Dean Winchester probably had a beautiful wife and the statistical two children and, going by the looks of the man, adorable ones also. Sometimes Castiel forgot that normalcy was still defined in families of man, wife, and children, not loner male flight attendants and worldly, outgoing business men.
"So Jack did all that?" Dean wanted to confirm, already feeling his chest fill with pride. He was indeed
He was pleased to find the pool empty; which was not much of a surprise, given that it was late in the evening already and the hotel wasn't booked. In addition to that was the weather quite good, warm and sunny, so most people were probably still out for walks or dinner at one of the many restaurants that offered seats at a terrace or in a garden.
Down the road, a ten minute walk, the trees and bushed turned into a field, a wide plane of another shade of green. In the distance a cozy cottage could be spotted.
"While staring at the passengers? We may be supposed to watch over these people on our flights, but we're not meant to be creepy," the older man - being six years his senior was enough for Castiel to use it as a way of teasing Balthazar when the need arose - remarked.
"I know. I just wanted them to leave you alone. It's not like you can conjure up another coffee machine just like that. Broken is broken."
There was an all too well-known sound the moment Castiel sat down. And he wasn't even taking his seat because he wanted to rest, though he definitely didn't mind that side effect of his action. No, he just needed to tie his right shoe's laces again - but apparently not even that he was allowed to do.
Castiel had a broken heart, but not because he mourned his bad decisions - but because this one night had been so perfect that he wanted to experience it again, and he wouldn't be able to. He was angry and sad that fate denied him this little bit of happiness.
"All right. Dean." If his smile was a bit happier and brighter than it should have been in that moment Castiel accepted it as such and didn't give it any further thought. After all, they were supposed to always be open and honest with their passengers.
"What?" Snapping out of his thoughts, he only now heard not only Jo's voice again, but also the cars honking at him as he stood at a green light.
He did indeed. He had already decided that Cas would be more than just another notch in his conquest board, and in his mind he was doing everything short of praying that the flight attendant was up for that as well. So far he had a good feeling about it, and he was already impatiently awaiting their next - private - meeting. Hell, a part of him - a tiny one, but it was there nonetheless - even cursed that this concert had to be on that weekend. If only he had been able to stay with Castiel. And even if it had only been for talking, or taking a walk, or whatever. But having to part so soon, and after their first kiss at that...
"Heya, Cassie. What's up? You're making yourself scarce lately," Balt opened when he answered, sounding slightly out of breath.
He was only halfway to the door when from somewhere beneath the dome of angel and blanket he heard his name, rasped with a sleep-thick voice.
"That's great, Cas! That's..." The flight attendant literally saw as realization hit Dean. Realization what it meant. There was the tell-tale widening of eyes, and the slumping of shoulders, the flash of sadness and disappointment in his expression. But Dean was quick to school all of it, hiding it away and putting a brave smile in place. Only his voice wavered the tiniest bit when he continued, "That's all you ever wanted. Congratulations." And then he leaned in and kissed him on the cheek, and Cas knew it was mostly because his lover needed a reason to hide his expression that had once again began to slip during his few words.
"We really ought to teach you how to live a little. You don't even go out to have the chance to meet someone like this man."
In his dream, there was this moment when he ran up to the top of a mountain, where fluffy whites hung low and blanketed dark browns and rich greens. There was this moment when he stood at the edge, overlooking miles upon miles of land, feeling as if he was able to see the whole wide world. There was this moment in which he took another step, thrust his arms to the side, only to have wings spread along them, as if there was nothing more normal than that.
"You know," Charlie, sitting next to him and powering up the game console, suddenly spoke again, "maybe you don't have the right groove yet. I don't mean that as an accusation or something. I just mean... you've never been in that kind of relationship, and from what I gather, nor has Cas. It's new to the both of you."
"To be fair, though, I am the person complaints should be directed at; seeing that usually I can solve them and a written one wouldn't do me or my colleagues any good."
His tired bones and muscles carried securely, Castiel allowed himself to close his eyes as he lay on his back, drifting on the surface and feeling as if he was surrounded by silk gently lapping at his skin as his presence and the pump moved the water enough to cause little waves moving back and forth within their tiled boundaries.
"Dean, please." The words came unexpected. And they almost broke his so far iron will that kept him from tending to himself and leaving Cas to his fate. He knew that his lover needed the guidance now; he was too far gone to continue on his own, and Dean would never leave him hanging like this. But the words hit him, in places he didn't know such words were even able to reach, and Dean had to force himself to concentrate, which was not an easy feat in that moment.
"Yeah, that's true," Castiel admitted, then shrugged his shoulders, indicating that he rather change the subject. "So is there anything else I can do for you?"
Exhaustion may have been prominent in him then, but Castiel still found his way down to the spa area after leaving his suitcase in his room. He'd considered to just shower and go to bed, but next to flying, swimming was his favorite pastime, and the next best thing he knew to achieve a feeling of weightlessness. It was the only other thing that made him believe he was able to defy gravity.
"Castiel? That's an... unusual name. But nice. Really very... you know... it sounds... beautiful." In tandem they blushed at Dean's words and stared at each other for a moment before Castiel added:
The advantage to such flights was that they had regulars. Business men and women, or commuters returning to their workplace for the week. Castiel liked having around known faces, even if he didn't
Castiel was hardly able to follow, to keep track of all the touches and caresses and catalog them so he'd be able to remember them later on; much less was he able to reciprocate in a way he wanted to. Too much was Dean skillfully and cleverly keeping his mind and senses occupied.
- and there's no arguing about it - take you someplace you can have a look at some possible distractions."
Thus the loss when Dean pulled back all of a sudden irritated the flight attendant. Unwillingly he let go when his partner lifted himself away to lean to the side where his bag had somehow come to stand on the ground next to the bed. It was mostly an automatism when he stopped the man in his movement, whispering questioningly, "What are you doing?" The reply was just as quietly.
"Still here. So, Castiel. Be the best version of yourself. Something tells me he deserves it," she said, rare seriousness in her voice, for once not the little teasing sister, but the friend who talked to him as an equal. Dean responded in kind, sounding strong and confident as he did.
"No, it's not that... it's just... there's this concert I really wanted to go to and..." A crooked smile appeared on his face then. "Guess what, you're the reason I've totally forgotten about it," he finished, grasping the other man's hand as he did so. With their fingers entwined, they sat for a moment longer, before Dean stood again, pulling Cas up with him.
"Well, uh... I was... of course when I'm serving you, I..." For some reason Castiel felt as if he had 'creepy stalker' written all over his face, and it was making him self-conscious enough that all he wanted was flee the scene. He couldn't though, could he? He had a job to do. And he'd be damned if he didn't make good use of any second of that job right now.
There was no answer left in Cas. He just stared at Dean, mouth hanging open, eyes blinking too fast as they tried to erase a picture that was too good to be true. He had never gotten what he truly wanted in his life so far. And now he got two things at once - the ideal job
This without the shadow of a doubt was the most ridiculous situation Dean had ever been in. And that was considering he had had numerous affairs and one night stands, among them not few who had brothers. But never, not even in his teenager years, had he ever had someone approach him like this, to protect heart and honor or whatever of his subject of interest. He couldn't believe that was actually happening.
"I'm really looking forward to that trip," Cas said, a sigh in his voice as he repeated the words for probably the fifth time that morning. Dean only chuckled, rolling his eyes good-naturedly.
The time to board the plane took much too long to arrive, and out of curious mixture of anxiousness and boredom, he almost ordered a whole family menu at the burger place next to the waiting area, but could, at the last minute, stop himself. Instead, he got a salad - Sammy would have been so proud - and a chocolate chip cookie sundae and forced himself to eat slowly and concentrate on his food in hopes it would distract him. It helped only so much.
Rolling out of the bed, his feet found his slippers, and he breathed out a sigh of relief when his frozen toes were engulfed in the little felt cave.
The response to his pulling back was not happy - until his lover understood what Castiel was about to do.
"Or who I have to possibly bring another cup to. Just in case," he then found it in him to reply boldly, which earned him a surprised look and slight chuckle.
And Dean knew all too well that he didn't help matters of Castiel trying to hide same blush when he added, "That's good to hear," while winking at him.
"I'll be right back," he heard, and then was only to watch a just as attractive behind retreat towards the front of the plane.
The evening sun warmed their faces as they relaxed into comfortable silence, neither feeling the need to speak. What was there to say that could have been more important than savoring the closeness they shared in those moments.
? You have it bad for that flight attendant, old man, you might as well reserve a space in tomorrow's paper for a big announcement."
"You look a bit pale, sir. Are you all right? Can I bring you a glass of water? Or would you prefer tea?"
"I'm there, Cas. I'm there, with you, and my hand moves faster. Let your thumb brush over the head of your cock, like you know I always do. The way you enjoy so mu--"
"Well... you know about Castiel?" he began, innocent tone to his voice. Lately he may have had talked a bit more about the flight attendant than was still bearable, at least for Jo. She suffered through it bravely, albeit with a heightened frequency of eyerolls and headshakes, both of which were to indicate Dean to finally do something about that situation he was in, about his
"Can I get you a drink, ma'am? Sir?" Pamela was interrupted by one of the flight attendants appearing next to them, and she gave the tall, slim, blond-haired man with his British accent a withering stare.
Apart from that, he also found himself curious about the man. There was a mystery woven around him Dean knew was there, but couldn't make sense of. And if nothing else, Dean Winchester really liked mysteries. There were too few of those in the world, even more so now that people made themselves transparent by sharing everything about themselves on the internet. Granted, he didn't know for sure if Castiel didn't do that, too, but something told him that the man was very private, and there'd be a lot to learn about him once one took the effort to do so. But it was going to prove to be a challenge, and that was what intrigued Dean most.
"I'm very sorry, sir, but as my colleague, Mr. Rickster, stated earlier, a malfunction occurred and the machine isn't working properly."
As a flight attendant, Castiel had been able to create his own little realm, at least in his mind. He was happy with his routines and his tasks, content to be a caretaker, be the one to provide those on board of his plane with everything that would make their trip as comfortable as possible. And he gladly passed on a part of his happiness he felt all these miles away from life on Earth.
For the first time in his life, there was something different about his being with a man: There was no fear. No fear of being spotted, and no worry about judgment. And the cloak of secrecy this jacket had been a symbol for, this reminder of a life he had believed he would have to live, suddenly lost its importance.
"So why were you outside? What did you get?" Castiel asked as they were lying in each other's arms, a lazy movement of his foot pointing in the general direction of the desk and the paper bag on it.
The doorbell rang just as he had hung up the phone. And really, after that conversation he wasn't in the mood for visitors. He wanted to be alone; he wanted to be
"Was... now I'm not. That kid of yours, when he took over... made some changes here. Busted my ass out. And then he...well, he sat some things right. Tore down all the walls up here. Heaven ain't just reliving your golden oldies anymore. It's what it always should have been. Everyone happy. Everyone together." With a thoughtful look Bobby turned to his adoptive son who had taken a seat in the other chair next to the old man. In a voice that had rarely ever been filled with so much emotion, he added, "It ain't just Heaven, Dean. It's the Heaven you deserve. It's the Heaven we all deserve."
"Yep. There was also something else." At Cas' quick side glance that included a questioning frown, he continued, "Marriage?"
Confused didn't even begin to describe Dean's condition then. Whatever did they want from him? And anyways, why were they meddling in someone else's affairs? Little brother or not, if there was someone to talk to, it was Castiel, but not those two clowns.
"Yeah, because..." Coughing slightly, Dean took a step closer to Castiel, taking great interest in the floor for a moment, before he looked up again, straight into Cas' eyes. "Because I love you, too."
"Yes, maybe, but it's none of my business, and neither is it yours. So come on, we have work to do," Castiel said, trying to pull his friend away from his stakeout position. He, however, remained steadfast in his position, a scowl on his features. One that was immediately noticed by Balthazar when he joined his colleagues in their little crew area.
And now he had to pay the bitter price for it - a taste of a man he had hoped he could have so much more with and that would result in a yearning for things he'd probably never find again, and a broken heart that would not be mended for a long time. Not as long as he would have to see Dean on their flights; and he was quite certain that the other man wouldn't just reschedule his whole life to use another airline, all of which didn't have these for the business man convenient flight times 8th Heaven offered.
"I will return to the Seaside Inn, but if you have to leave, you should, Dean. I don't want you to be too late."
"Bobby? Uh..." Dean frowned, even more confused now. He didn't recall this moment.  "What memory is this?"
"Dean." Yup. There it was. This unnervingly calm voice of Castiel's. It was definitely the last thing he needed at the moment. "Why are you being so stubborn?"
"I never thought I'd ever say this about a flight, but - that was a very enjoyable one. And all thanks to you, Cas."
And so Dean did. Or tried at least. First he had to allow himself a moment more to think of his wonderful angel, the one he loved so much, and who had apparently knit or sewn or whatever-that-was-called together several spare blankets to make one that could have easily been used as parachute.
The garden was still empty when he arrived; Castiel was not yet there. Nevertheless he had no problem getting in, and awkwardly thanked the empty air - in the direction of where he assumed was the camera - and strolled into the area rich of greens and a diversity of colors and sweet smells. His duffel he'd taken with him, just in case, he dropped next to the bench they'd sat on the last time they were there; then he decided to use the time and take a closer look at all the plants and flowers around.
"We can try, Cas," Dean replied, and a strange pressure formed behind Cas' ribcage. They stared at each other, neither saying another word for a long while, and it seemed even the shouts from the living room had stopped. Or maybe he wasn't just hearing them anymore over the rushing sound of blood in his ears.
Castiel, on the other hand, seemed aware enough of his surroundings to freeze at the words and start to blush. Dean was certain he was going to die when his lover let go of the baked good and pulled back.
Dean did as Cas suggested, checking the work table in their little office. There were moments when Dean stopped and actually wondered if it was odd how much they shared - everything they had, everything they did, was a joint venture. He already had people warn him that sooner or later, they'd get tired of each other, and Cas had similarly been told to be careful; but the truth was, they were just making up for all the time they'd lost when they were together and never saw each other. Plus, it worked. There were moments when Dean wondered how exactly it did, seeing as only a little over two years ago, he had still been a bachelor who loved his solitude and freedom.
In no time they were airborne, and just as quickly it seemed they landed again. Dean suspected the wind coming from their back and pushing them forward; the more likely truth was that his mind was too preoccupied to notice much of anything, and that included the flight. Which was actually a good thing, now that he thought about it.
Why couldn't people travel like it had once been God-given to them? By car? Granted, cars took a little longer and posed a few minor problems when it came to crossing oceans, but still. At least one had both feet - or four wheels in that case - securely on the ground.
His parents -- well, he could see them anytime. Bobby was there, and everyone else - Jody, Donna, Claire, their hunter friends, their extended family that never ended in blood - would follow, when they had hopefully lived their lives to the fullest on Earth.
He was running when he caught up with Balthazar who was walking back to the hotel, and he didn't stop when he passed him. Not even his friend's repeated calls made him slow down; he just needed to go back to the sanctuary of his room, as dreary as it may ever have been.
"Cas! I... I mean, Castiel! Hey, I, uh..." Lacking his usual quick-wittedness seemed to become the theme of the day. "I had a few errands to run and passed the hotel, so I thought I'd check whether you are in and maybe bored or something, what with it being a rainy day that doesn't invite to go sightseeing and stuff and..." Trailing off was the other theme, apparently. When he looked up and into Cas' wide, curious and gloriously blue eyes, his decision was made. "This is ridiculous," he declared, earning himself a frown that, to his relief, quickly dissolved as he continued. "I wanted to see you. I wanted to meet you outside our usual flight attendant and customer roles and I was hoping that you'd want the same too, that we could get to know each other, that we could---" When he stopped talking this time, it was because Cas took his hand and pulled him towards the hotel's exit.
The door was open seconds later, and saw two men hurry through it, before it was closed again quickly by a foot kicking it shut. Because hands and other body parts suitable for closing doors were already busy grabbing onto each other, trying their best to explore as fast as passion demanded and it was humanly possible. Clothes were flying in all directions as they were thrown away carelessly, for they were not of any importance then. Only their boxer briefs were left when they finally found their way to - and onto - the bed.
Being apart so often though - that was anything but perfect. It meant wistful longing up to a point where it didn't make the relationship more interesting, as people around him likes to claim when they heard of his misery, and emphasized the bedroom side of things especially. Instead this was the kind of missing someone that meant when they finally saw each other, they didn't spend the time having wild sex; sometimes they just savored the minutes they were together, holding each other, sharing meals, taking walks. Sure, it also included making love, and yes, it
A closeness that was cruelly interrupted when Dean jumped at the first sounds of a guitar playing the intro to 'Ramble On' - in his pocket. Grumbling, he fished his phone out and was about to decline the caller, when he saw the id.
"No, it's all right, I know what they say." There was a sneaky little smile on Cas' face which told whole tales to his partner - who found himself enjoying it immensely. It was that side to Castiel no one else got to see; the one that showed that beneath all that innocence and, oftentimes, obliviousness, he was still a man who was aware of the finer details of human interaction, even if he didn't make use of it often. And that was huge fun.
"I must apologize, it sounded like you were talking about your wife and son, and I assumed that you'd have... I'm really very sorry, Mr. Winchester--"
As usual waiting for everyone else to disembark, Dean followed the last passenger to the exit, and then stopped to wait for Castiel to notice him. It was, to his great surprise, Gabriel who nudged the younger flight attendant and indicated Dean, and to his even bigger astonishment, Balthazar, who had bid farewell to everyone else, left the two of them alone.
When he came to stand before the door that had 8-20 written in golden digits on it, he took a deep breath, willing the excitement in his belly to stop making him all giddy, before he knocked twice, and a third time after letting three seconds pass - their more or less secret sign.
. Until now they were just two people who had met by chance, found they liked each other, and kissed on one occasion. Who was to say it was ever going to become more?
"Nah, it's fine. Is suspect Sammy and Jess are glad when I'm not around to get on their nerves and disrupt their routines." An impish smile filled the passengers face before he continued, "Not that I care much, most of the time they just have to suffer through my presence when they weren't quick enough to announce that they have plans I can't be included in."
passenger, nothing more. His mind was running away with ideas and thoughts that were entirely inappropriate, and surely weren't going to make his life - and his interaction with that certain customer - any easier.
Though here he was, already wondering about his friends' - and of course family's - approval of Castiel. He was running straight into it, knowingly, and still he didn't even for one second think about stopping.
"But this is your career! I told you we'd make it work. Maybe we just have to try harder. Need a new strategy. But you can't just let it all go now. One day you will hate me because you gave up something you always wanted for someone like me." Cas didn't answer right away; he simply shook his head, staring at Dean with sadness in his eyes.
"Are you kidding?!" he bit out. "She was freaking me out with all her handsiness, but what do you want me to do?! I can't just get up and take another seat, especially since that plane is fully booked!" As an afterthought, he added, "And stop calling me Dean-o!"
With that, he turned around and stomped back to his seat, falling into it, face a mask of anger and a low growl still resounding in his throat. Only when he looked up and spotted Castiel looking at him with confusion and worry, his features slowly smoothed and soon enough, he even managed a little smile, before Cas' attention was called for by one of the other passengers.
Swallowing a few times to get rid of that lump in his throat, Dean hoped that his voice wouldn't leave him now as he prepared for sending Castiel across the finish line.
Those questions didn't need an answer. Actually, he rather tried not to give them one, not even in his mind.
In the distance a young man, dressed in a white jean jacket, stood at the riverside. He was barefoot and enjoyed the small waves of fresh water swapping over his toes every now and then. With a smile he looked up to the bridge and rose his hand in an unseen greeting to the three men standing up there, arms slung around each other. The men who had raised him; his fathers. They radiated happiness and joy and love, and everything the young man had wanted this new Heaven to symbolize.
Their plan to adopt a baby had worked in their favor, also. Dean's boss Jody Mills, a woman who was as strict and fierce as she was fair and kind, had been delighted to hear of their family plans, having taken a fancy to Cas the first time she had met him, and supported their relationship ever since. Under the promise that the couple would visit her with their new family addition soon, she signed off the papers that allowed Dean to give up his Detroit apartment and get comfortable at his new desk in Palo Alto.
thankful. That twinge, that emptiness, it was going to be filled by his brother, as it was supposed to be.
Down the aisle to his right he stood, the angel in his suit and trenchcoat, the one who looked like Heaven's very own tax accountant, but who was the bravest and most loyal and overall best friend Dean had ever had.
, he wasn't falling for a passenger. A man he barely even knew. And who was off-limits according to company rules. And who he, in any ways, just might have pushed away verbally by inquiring about the usage of his name by Dean.
He wasn't all that wrong either. Even though Dean decided to save the epic eyeroll for later and concentrate on getting back to his feet - literally - first.
"Lonely, I guess. Haven't had much of a chance to drive her this weekend." The lack of a reply from his left made Dean turn to his friend, only to find her squinting at him in contemplation. He didn't get around to say anything else, though, before she demanded,
Feeling certain urgency to the task, Castiel was quick to fetch the water for his passenger. Maybe because the man was not well after the latest turbulence, being afraid of flying, as it seemed.
"Dean... last night..." Castiel began, but trailed off when he failed to think of how to say what he wanted to say. Instead he bit his lip nervously.
"Don't mess this up, Dean Winchester," Jo's sudden warning brought him back from his thoughts, and for a moment he frowned at the words.
Not many people knew that Dean was bisexual. He was comfortable in his affairs with women, but he had also early on, when he was still a teenager, come to understand that the other side - or his side, in that case - awaited with many interesting subjects as well. His experiences with other men weren't plentiful; but they existed, and they had only affirmed him in his feelings.
"I..." Dean began, confused, but when he looked into the other man's face, he realized that there was something else to it. "Yes, of course, thank you," he so said, believing that the person waiting for him, this colleague to explain the 'phone' to him would be Castiel. Nothing else made sense anyways; even more so since he hadn't seen his flight attendant for a while.
"Don't, Balt. Not now. Gabriel is right. We can discuss this later, if we must; but only when we're back on the ground."
Despite his fear, and consequently his usual caution expressed by keeping his seatbelt on, he now unfastened the same and, murmuring an apology, at least had a good reason to remove Pamela's insistent hands from his body. He got up and quickly walked towards the back of the place.
The steward frowned in confusion. Work name? What did he-- And then it dawned on him and it was his turn to exclaim "Oh!" quickly followed by a rambled explanation of "No, it is actually my real name, but also the name of an angel. The angel of Thursday, and the angel of travel. The name means 'my shield is God'. My parents were very religious and had taken a special interest in angels. I was born on a Thursday, so they decided I--" Castiel stopped when he found Dean staring at him, suddenly self-conscious and realizing that he had just told a stranger, a customer, half his life story without asking if he even wanted to know. Aside from it being entirely inappropriate to begin with, getting this personal with a passenger. "I'm sorry," he so mumbled, and had already half turned away, an excuse along the lines of, I should resume my work, on his lips, when a tentative hand on his wrist stopped him. The moment he turned back the hand vanished and Castiel missed it immediately, allowing himself a quick glance down as if he expected...what? That his skin glowed because of the touch? That there'd be a handprint left, a mark he'd forever bear on his skin?
Dean rested his forehead against Cas' and reluctantly pulled away his hand from where it had found a place at the back of the angel's neck to brush away a tear.
After all, even the universally dreaded 'meeting the family' could be marked with a sign of approval.
"Tell me what that is, first. Please. It tastes... different, but also familiar." And just like that, Dean's arousal was forgotten - at least for the moment - and his smirk turned into a winning smile when he announced, "Breakfast muffins!"
"Every angel has been assigned a section of Heaven. This is mine. We are to assure that everything is peaceful. Now that the walls are down and no one's mind is manipulated anymore, but everyone can be themselves, it is not without reason to assume that one or the other conflict could arise. Humans tend to be a bit... quarrelsome at times, even in Heaven."
"I'm afraid that's beyond my, or any of my colleagues' expertise. We may not tamper with the technical equipment on board, for safety reasons. I apologize for the inconvenience. May I offer you something else?"
Okay, so he had been distracted. And not for the first time. Lately, he had had such moments occasionally - twice a week, to be precise. Or, to be even more exact: Every Monday and Friday when a certain passenger flew with them. It were short moments only, of course; as flight attendant one tended to have a busy shift, with rarely any moment to stop and rest. Or stare, for that matter. But when he did find the time, Castiel recently caught himself a little too often being lost in thought - and his eyes being captivated with the sight of that one person his brain had chosen to... well, fancy, as Balthazar not all that wrongfully assumed.
They had never thought it possible, but adopting little Mary proved almost even easier than arranging with their jobs and bosses. Both Cas and Dean were entirely unprepared, as hard as they had worked on making their home ready for the baby, when they received word that soon enough, they'd be fathers to the six-months-old girl.
"Well, haven't you fixed it, yet?!" With a deep breath Castiel kept as inaudible as possible he collected inner strength he was sure he would still need, before he replied,
That little voice reminding him that it was entirely possible the man was not in the slightest interested in flirtations he received from someone of his own gender was ignored.
If Dean had told anyone about it, they surely wouldn't have believed him. At least not those who had known him for years.
Being frustrated at least had one advantage: It brought out his sarcastic side, something that was very helpful when it came to dealing with his colleagues. Usually Castiel wasn't what one would call witty, his mind always stopping his mouth from talking before things weren't thought through. His politeness was, after all, his strongest suit. But over time he had learned to shut his brain up for short moments when he was in the presence of his friends and colleagues, something that was often enough rewarded with raised eyebrows and half-smirks of appreciation. He knew it was a patronizing gesture more than anything else, but at least it was something.
"Were good, thanks," she said for the both of them, all the while the airline employee only looked at Dean and ignored the woman next to him.
"Hey," the subject of his musings pulled him from the same, and Dean looked up into Castiel's smiling face.
," Dean remarked, putting emphasis on the well-known moniker for all of the airline's employees, and grinned as he did so. The other man, on his part, thanked whoever was listening.
The voice was not right. That definitely didn't speak for the Dean-facsimile. Unfortunately for Cas, however, voice was not really what he paid much attention to the moment he had a close-up of the man. Because there really was, if he didn't give it too much thought and didn't look for too long or too closely, more of Dean in this face than was still explainable by coincidence. In any case it wasn't fair.
"Yes. Every time I set foot in an airplane, it's like spreading my wings whereas else I can't. It's the only way I know. If I happened to be in a crash it would be like... losing my wings. If I survive, that is."
"Look at that," Gabriel growled and shook his head as he stood behind the half-closed curtain of the galley and watched the passengers. Or, in that case, two particular passengers. "I don't believe it. What a--"
"Now that we don't see each other that much, we have to be open with each other. So we can make the most of the time we have," Dean added after they parted again, and Cas hummed in agreement, realizing how right the other man was. He could be honest with him, that much he knew, and he should well make use of it.
"Because you're one of them," the younger flight attendant remarked dryly, and at least it helped distract Gabriel for a moment when the chief laughed.
Things had changed for them; and not only because of Mary. Arrangements had been made early on so they would see each other more often than only on weekends and on flights twice a week.
one also - Dean allowed himself, memorizing the feel and taste of that wonderful man to have something to get through the next day, and week, possibly, as he didn't know if they were going to get some alone-time on Monday. Only afterwards he let Cas go and enter the hotel, waiting for the other man to be out of sight before he sprinted to the parking lot where he'd left Baby earlier.
It was almost ironic that they should meet again in such a shop here in Heaven. Or maybe that was what Heaven was about. Setting things right.
A loud moan interrupted Dean's word, made him almost choke on air. It were those sounds that rewarded him every time he pleasured Castiel even though he knew that night he wouldn't find release unless it was by his own hands. But hearing Cas, seeing him getting lost in the sensations - it was always enough.
"I'd love to," the other man said, and Cas wasted no time to fumble for his key card. If only his tongue had had some bravery to spare for his shaking hands.
It was a soundtrack made of gasps, groans, harsh breathing, broken kisses and two bodies relishing in their intimate connection that filled the room as movements became more rushed and impatient by the second; and when Castiel eventually regained enough mental clarity to change the angle of his thrusts so his cock would rub along Dean's prostate, a conglomerate of a yell and a yes was added to the sounds, and repeated several times, before the man beneath him had to give in to the overstimulation he was experiencing just then, and came with a shout, taking his lover with him as his hole clenched around the shaft inside him.
As the last passengers left the cabin, Dean saw Castiel slowly step up behind Balthazar, whose turn it was to bid farewell to their guests today. Of course the angel-named man knew who the last one to leave the plane was going to be. It had almost become tradition by now, after all.
"Very well. Oh, and because you were asking me earlier, sir, you may now use the satellite phone. It's past the bathroom. My colleague will show you how to use it."
When he strode into the hotel lobby Dean spared a single, cautious glance towards the reception. Even though Cas had told him that Mr. Grumpy - Yanny he believed his name was, but their first encounter had left a lasting impression - was actually a nice guy and approved very much of their relationship, he was still not so sure. He knew the personnel did their best to assure the privacy of their guests, trying to keep away any visitors that weren't announced, and as much as Dean appreciated the sentiment, he really didn't need that confrontation right now. Even if Mr. Grumpy would let him pass - and possibly even without alerting Castiel - Dean couldn't be sure about the others.
Walking was a funny affair, afterwards. Funny at least for Dean's brother Sam, who, despite the other Winchester's misery, couldn't help the snorts that escaped him as he watched Dean take step after careful step back to the Impala after the job was done. Try walking without bothering your body's most precious possession if you are a man and have just been kicked into said possession.
"There's this bar I discovered the last time we were here. Nice people, good music, pretty barkeeper. Just the place you need right now."
about that concert and now you're not here three hours too soon to get on our nerves, but instead are late?"
He felt envious of those people swarming about that didn't seem to mind their current situation. They laughed and chatted and fought to stow away their hand luggage in the overhead bins - all the while Dean was already seated and securely fastened by his seatbelt, which held the vain hope that it would be of any use should something happen. Something he rather didn't give any closer thought to now.
"You're... calling me Cas. I-- why?" And there it was. His confirmation that he had indeed crossed a line. Maybe Castiel was a bit friendlier to him than he was to other passengers - he may or may not have observed their interactions a bit - but that didn't have to mean anything. Some people you just liked more than others. Cashiers at supermarkets also didn't show the same amount of amiability to every customer. Hell, not even Dean himself had it always in him to be as nice to the next client as he had been to the one before, when he had to deal with them. It all depended on sympathies.
"Case in point," Dean groaned, letting his forehead rest against Cas' for a moment, before he detached himself unwillingly and snatched his shirt from the ground, struggling to get into it while walking over into the living room and the portable cot Mary was lying in and playing with the mobile hanging from the handle. She squealed happily when she saw her dad.
As was Jo, God bless her. Dean spotted the old truck, owned by his colleague and friend, Jo's mum Ellen, right away when he left the terminal. Whenever she had the chance, she would come by the airport on Monday mornings to pick him up and take him to the office, saving him the trouble of either taking a cab or even public transport. This was doubtlessly the most comfortable solution; plus he had nice company.
"I always assumed they're there to remind us how fleeting and precious life is. To protect us from being stupid and heedless."
Getting out of bed, Castiel stretched and took a deep breath. He needed to start his day, to be productive; needed to distract himself until he felt ready to deal with his broken heart, to take care of it and sooth it with memories he would thrive on.
Charlie, his other best friend who was queer herself, knew of course; and Sam and Jess had been grudgingly told by him after they had spotted him once in quite the intimate moment with another pretty boy. He hadn't initially wanted to tell Sam because he wasn't sure how his brother would react; he should have known better than to doubt the boy he had essentially raised and who loved him to bits, no matter what.
"You know what I mean." There was a moment of silence in which he looked up slowly and focused on Jo, narrowing his eyes while adjusting his brain to the conversation they were about to have. It actually took him a few seconds to understand that this was, despite the general remark, about Castiel.
What followed for Dean were a torturing long twenty minutes in which he paced back and forth in the small one-room apartment he was renting in Detroit. That there wasn't a hole in the carpet when his phone finally rung again surprised him immensely.
about - at work. Especially not he, Castiel, who couldn't take all that so lightly to leave the matter behind once they had to work.
Dean left the plane and headed to his car, intent on going home quickly to shower and change, which he was in dire need of after spending the whole day including the flight in his clothes. Then he'd head over to the hotel. From what he gathered, he should have just enough time to do all that, and if he was lucky, it would save him a too long waiting time.
"Then undress and lie down on the bed," he thus only instructed, and heard a how Cas put down the phone and then the rustling of clothes. Seconds turned into minutes and, as it seemed to Dean's impatience, hours, when he waited, and he let out a breath he hadn't even noticed he'd been holding when Castiel finally picked up the phone again.
"Listen, Cas, I'm thankful for what you've done, but I'd really like to stop talking about it now, okay?"
This was it. This was the moment it all came to an end. How had they now managed to fight for it, as he had once promised Cas all those months ago? He had been so certain they could make it work. Why was it so hard? And why didn't he just give up what was keeping him from the one thing, the one person, he really wanted?
"Um... actually I had kinda forgotten about the concert..." Dean knew Jo well enough to put a little distance between his ear and the phone as soon as he had spoken the words, and indeed could he still hear his friend's yelling even then.
"You absolutely are. But then please admit that this is much more than your usual casual fling. Because, Dean, we both know he is. If this works out, if you actually manage to take this a step, or several, further, you're in for something more than just an eventful night. I hope you know that."
His partner though was still stark naked, a distraction that almost made him forget what else he had wanted to say when he had come back from the study. Almost.
Right now, there wasn't much of a commitment. They spent as much time together as possible, and as far as Castiel himself was concerned, he loved every second of it - he didn't want it to end. He needed Dean in his life, that much he knew already, and he didn't dare to think about them parting ways again, for whatever reason. He had gotten so used to having Dean around, relied so much on his warm words, his gentle touches, his shy intelligence, his ability to make him laugh. All the little things that Castiel loved so much, just as much as he...
"Still a couple, though," Dean whispered before meeting his lover's lips in a kiss, stealing whatever reply he wanted to give then off his tongue. "Does that mean you're jobless now?"
It took them many minutes before they were able to let go of each other again; before their lips stopped seeking each other long enough for them to lean back and let their eyes meet. They stared at each other for a long time, just speaking through their eyes, ocean to forest, emerald to sapphire.
Castiel didn't remain long on his partner's mouth with his and instead took up a path down neck and over shoulders, as far as their position allowed, and then a bit further when he released Dean from his grip and used his now free hands to nudge the other man a bit higher so he was able to reach his pectorals and the little hard nubs in the middle of them. The effort it took to meet Dean's nipples with his tongue was rewarded when the other man gasped and shivered, crawling up even further so Cas had easier access.
Perhaps he was putting on a brave face. Perhaps he was fooling himself. But honestly, what else was there to do?
"I want you inside me," his lover growled into his ear, and Castiel's breath hitched. How could he...? He hadn't...? "Have you ever topped, Cas?" When he shook his head, he found Dean leaning back and looking down at him. "Don't worry. I'll show you. You'll love it."
The doorbell rung again, more demanding this time; or at least so it seemed. In any case was it getting on his nerves, and that was exactly what he was about to delay to whoever dared to come to him now that he was in such a bad mood.
"As I was about to say, I know these types, and yes, maybe I'm one of them, but I've never claimed something else. Whereas lover boy over there actually did promise you you'd meet again, didn't he, Cas?"
Closing his eyes and shaking his head, Castiel sighed. He understood his friends' concern, but he really could have done with less hurtful words. Even more so since he himself struggled with his faith in Dean and his believe that the passenger was truthful about his statements, and his interest in him. A little flirt on the side didn't hurt, as long as it remained in that state of easy conversation and a touch or two.
For one, Dean had decided that Castiel was and would be neither affair nor conquest. He very much doubted that the other man was the type for it anyways, and if he was honest with himself, judging from everything he knew so far, it would be a waste to have Castiel merely for one or a couple of nights. Especially since it would make their roles as passenger and flight attendant really awkward - not without reason Dean avoided running into one night stands again if he could help it.
Thing was - it couldn't have been too much to ask to have a good night's sleep, could it? Not that he had all that much of mentioned luxury to begin with, even if lately it had improved. Ironically was the reason for the improvement also what his problem was courtesy of.
The rose beds were what drew his attention most - there were colors amongst these flowers he'd never seen like this. Not that he could remember. There was red, of course, and yellow and white, but there was also orange, and different shades of pink, and then there were these mixed ones, like...
Sitting in the bathtub, Castiel carefully bounced Mary on his knees, and then laid her against his bent legs, holding her with his hands wrapped securely around her as she stemmed her tiny feet against his stomach. Water splashed when she struggled a little, and the jumping droplets fascinated and excited her even more. Mary loved water, that much Dean and Castiel had already found out about their daughter.
Paul really knew what he did. He was good at it - more than that even, Castiel had to admit. Sighing, he gave in to the temptation of a man who looked so much like the one he really wanted, and who was willing to welcome him in his arms without asking anything in return. It was almost too good to be true. They kissed again, sinking deep into a lovers' embrace when Castiel, too, dared to touch the other man, and hands roamed for minutes as lips and tongue devoured.
life - he had made a decision. He had thrown cautions and hesitations and old rules and ways of thinking overboard and done what he should have a long time ago. Life was too short to waste it, to be alone when he didn't have to, to not act on something he had long since become tired of hiding anyways.
"Cas," he said, voice thick with tears, eyes already filling with water. "Cas, you... you're..." Then he noticed it. The frown, the unhappiness displayed in the other man's face. It wasn't right. It scared Dean. "What's the matter, Cas?"
"Yeah, thanks. Spare me the details." Lucky for Castiel, he was indeed spared then, as right in that moment the barkeeper returned with their drinks.
And then he was flying. Felt the wind beneath his wings, how it tickled his feathers, how the air masses moved around his body and carried him in their welcoming arms to keep him up there, above everything where he was just a spectator, an observer of the world without being part of it, without having to worry about anything in it.
"You, Dean!" the flight attendant shouted, recoiling instantly when he realized the, for his standards, violent reaction. Calmer, he continued, "I want
"That's why fears are also there to be overcome," Castiel replied thoughtfully, and Dean didn't have to be a genius to understand that his lover was most probably also thinking about them. Of a fear of being rejected and laughed at overcome.
"He'll be along," the old man promised with a smile, "Time up here, it's... it's different. You got everything you could ever want, or need, or... dream. Roadhouse's some five minutes in this direction, Ellen, Jo, Ash... they're all there," he pointed north-west, "and behind us it's the better part of two miles down the road to Rufus'," his hand winked to the south-east. "Your mom and dad," he nodded up ahead, "they got a place over yonder." Dean nodded in understanding, and accepted the beer Bobby offered him. They sat in silence for a while, as the Winchester digested everything, or at least tried to. There was so much to. And so many questions he would have to ask sooner or later. But right in that moment, the amount of thoughts was too vast to find a place to start.
Their hands parted only for short moments it took to get out of the car, but rejoined immediately after, and coming to stand at the handrail, fingers still knotted together and holding on, and shoulders touching in an comfortable exchange of warmth and presence, they relished in the light breeze around them, and the still-warm glow of the sunset.
With careful steps, Dean approached the glass door, already catching a glimpse of something tan-colored through the windows, and a lump formed in his throat. So it really was true.
Eventually he managed to regain his voice - and ability for speech, telling the waiting steward, "Water would be great, thank you," and even found a smile in his muscle memory. "Not a fan of flying," he added with a light laugh, though it sounded desperate more than anything else to his ears.
Of course Castiel had seen Dean and that dark-haired woman; had noticed right away how close they were, how they seemed to share the most secret of conversations. On the other hand, he was neither able to see any of their interactions properly or for a longer period of time, nor could he hear what they were saying. It was entirely possible they were just having a friendly chat over some topic they both found interesting, and the lack of distance resulted from the rather loud plane noises that forced everyone on board to communicate a little louder than they probably usually did.
Those who had shown him that he didn't need to fly in an airplane to spread his wings and feel free.
"Promise to leave you in peace with your misery, even if I don't approve," Gabriel nevertheless said and shrugged, pushing away from the counter he was leaning against and strolling into the now empty passenger area.
"Well, we'll practice that one. Next time we'll only be a room apart or so. Speaking of which, we really ought to find an apartment for the two of us. One that is actually ours and you're comfortable to come back to, even if you are alone. But Cas, you know that you can always stay at my apartment, even if I'm not there, right?"
But something did happen nonetheless. When Balthazar passed on his caramel cookie he had gotten with his coffee to Castiel, the younger man knew that his friend wasn't angry at him. Quite the contrary. Because when they had had their affair, that very cookie passing action had only ever meant one thing: I'm sorry.
Aforementioned person manning the bar was also the one Castiel spotted right upon arrival. Because how could he have missed him - he who looked like one Dean Winchester's twin brother. Granted, he lacked a few details, looked a little more worn, a little less groomed, and his style was, understandably, not business, but rebel rocker teenager. Alas the good-looking sort. But he had an uncanny resemblance to his favorite passenger, and it was enough to make Cas growl at Balthazar the moment the other man turned to grin at him winningly.
"Nice to meet you, Dean. So given that we're both lonely... we should probably accidentally run into each other," the dark-haired woman suggested, nudging his shoulder with hers, "and then hopefully land on something soft and bouncing when we fall."
"Jesus, Cas!" Dean yelled and bucked into his hand, and the bottle fell down into the sheets as the other man had to use both arms to support himself. "Warn a guy next time, will ya?"
Quick work was done with the bottle of lube once he had it - and it allowed him to do exactly what both he and the man who was currently at his mercy wanted: He waited another few seconds to make sure Dean was relaxed enough and then pressed the tip of his finger in.
"Um... so do I... thank you." He groaned inwardly and resisted the urge to slap himself, instead forcing himself to recite the phrase he and his colleagues had to bid their passengers farewell with: "Thank you for flying with 8th Heaven Jetways."
The wind danced around him as he slowly walked along the uneven pathway, and it reminded him of that breath of air that had always announced an angel's arrival. They were curious, these things you remembered when you were left alone and in peace with only your thoughts as your company, and when--
But mostly, she was a happy baby because she had a family that loved and adored her. And spoiled her.
"We'll make some. Together," he eventually promised when he had calmed down. "We can do everything we want now, don't we?" Cas smiled at that and nodded, walking towards Dean as he did.
it held. It wasn't just about any old car, it was about the freedom he associated with the Impala, a feeling imprinted on his soul since his childhood. He wasn't even sure why, how this feeling came to be, but it was there, like an instinct, a part of him that was unexplainable, but didn't need explaining either.
"A little bit, yes, but Dean, that has nothing to do with me not wanting it. I would have stopped you, I
Dean took a moment to look into her dark eyes, filled with mischief and wit, an attractive sight surely, on several accounts. He grinned then, leaning in a bit himself.
"Oh no, Dean Winchester, you can't fool me. You've met someone, and apparently this someone has left quite the impression on you, too. So. Stop playing coy and give me details. Or you can walk the rest of the way."
By the time his flight was ready for boarding he was close to becoming a nerve wreck, but the announcement that finally allowed him to snatch his duffel and walked the well-known way to the plane saved him at the very last second.
"I... his name's Castiel..." When Dean trailed off yet again and remained silent for another few seconds, the receptionist narrowed his eyes at him.
"Now that's a sentence you don't hear too often from the working majority. You wanna stay here or do you want me to walk you back to the hotel?"
Balthazar's - surprisingly gentle - voice pulled him from his thoughts. Right, a reply. If only he had one.
"I suppose so, but I'm used to it. I'll just read or take a few walks or whatever I'm in the mood for."
The ground beneath his feet felt liberating, and the sun shining into his face as he stepped out of the shadow of the plane like a welcome back embrace of the world. He was safely back on earth, or tarmac, but however one wanted to call it, it was a fantastic moment and Dean savored it by stopping and closing his eyes for a second, even though he was supposed to walk over to the terminal entrance quickly.
"You can't... grab another man's... well, a man's," because who knew what Castiel was, if he was any gender at all, "private parts just like that."
"I explain it to you then. Please, Cas?" Dean hoped that the other man wouldn't ask any more questions now. He knew how much he relied on knowing things in advance, which gave him a certain kind of security and control, but this was something he couldn't give Castiel a heads-up on, or else his lover would deny it right away; that much he knew.
Some months ago - the exact timespan he couldn't actually recall as time went by differently in his, in
Happy that his brother's complaining would finally - hopefully - be silenced and he could return to his research, Sam only spared another short glance to the other two men in the room. But what he witnessed wasn't the usual two-fingers-to-the-forehead action. Instead, their angel friend, without hesitation, full-on grabbed Dean's crotch. And Sam was sure that he was looking in a mirror, because he must have worn the exact same expression his brother's face showed in that moment - eyes wide enough to come close to bulge from their sockets, and mouth falling open in shock.
Sighing, Dean gave up, knowing that he couldn't win anyways. Jo always got out of him what she wanted to know, and besides, he wanted to talk about it. At least to one person. So if that person happened to be Jo, who was one of his best friends, who was he to refuse?
"Looked him up after he continued to show up on our flights," he shrugged, "thought the knowledge might come in handy, which it now has, apparently. But don't worry, Cassie - you know he's not my type. Bit too male for my taste." Winking, the older flight attendant turned away to snag the snack basket he'd just refilled and place it on the tray wagon.
As of this moment, Castiel had entered his personal hell, and he had done it blindly yet willingly. This one time his gut feeling let him down - or this one time he maybe hadn't listened properly - he had walked right into this cruel trap feelings awaited with; had let himself be lured in and readily embraced his heart's doom.
"It's not really like that; the debriefings oftentimes are useful. They just tend to be at inconvenient times... like when you know a very charming, handsome man is waiting for you in a secret garden and you can't leave to go to him right away."
The smile on Cas' face was gentle and content, much like the one it had held right before the Empty had taken him, but this time it lacked that note of sadness. The tears in the angel's eyes glistened in the afternoon sunlight, reflecting happiness and affection.
So when Dean gave back, "I'm sure it'll be fine," his words sounded much less convinced than before. Sam could even have sworn to hear his voice waver as he thought about the possible consequences. And when his brother climbed carefully back onto the bed he had managed to sit on the edge of, his face was frozen in concentration.
"Cas, hey! Missed you on my flight yesterday, was kinda hoping we could go home together," Dean greeted him seconds after he had rung the door bell, then swept in and captured his lips in a kiss, not giving Castiel a chance to reply before he was already being pulled into the apartment. It was the noise coming from the next room that made him push Dean away gently, putting an arm's length between them - and giving Cas a moment he took as cue.
"I'm afraid I can't give you any information about guests staying at our house when you can't provide a full name."
at him. If he doesn't want you I resign my status as expert for all things sex and romance." It merely took Castiel's raised eyebrow and doubtful look for his colleague to firmly add, "Yes, I have that!" However, before either was able to further discuss this issue, another service bell ring called Balthazar away.
"Hey Cas." Every other word would have been a waste of time, Dean decided when he folded his arms around the other man and pulled him into a kiss. "Glad you're here," he whispered when they parted again, and then leaned in for another kiss, just because he couldn't get enough and it had been a week - and anyways, did he really need a reason?
The flight attendant nodded and then went back down the aisle. His flustered appearance after that little moment with Dean, however, didn't go unnoticed, much to his dismay.
"You're hogging," Dean accused, and at the former angel's confused squint - which wasn't cute, not right now, shut up - elaborated with an exasperated sigh, "the blanket, Cas. You use it all up for yourself. That thing's too small for two grown men, I get another one."
He didn't quite expect the other man to pull back suddenly, though. Confused he watched as Dean got up and quickly shed the remaining piece of his clothing, then almost roughly pulled off Castiel's underwear as well, leaving them both finally naked. The flight attendant shuffled a little to the side when his lover crawled onto the bed again, where he fell down on his back next to the other man, and unceremoniously spread his legs wide, pulling them back with his arms around his knees so that he was open and exposed, something he seemingly didn't mind at all.
believe what Cas was saying. "All right. I cannot be sure if Dean returns my feelings for him. I know he likes me, but... Love is a big word. What if I scare him away with it?"
He had lost count of how many times he involuntarily had been risen by his body's need for some warmth - and how often he had to fight to get at least a corner of the blanket. He was tired of it. No amount of cuddling and skin pressed to skin and all the other imaginable niceties - most of them before they fell asleep - of a shared bed made up for the cold anymore.
With a shocked gasp Castiel looked up. Had he just...? He really needed to stop that. Stop thinking of Dean and how his family and friends could be theirs, how he could ever have a place in this man's, this
"Yes, one second!" He rolled his eyes, and once again only spoke loud enough for Cas to hear, "I love them, but sometimes they drive me insane. Okay, are you ready for this?"
The thing about heaven was, though -- when the right people were in charge, it had a chance to be good.
"Taking a stab in the dark here, but you - in all your talking you do, according to what you've told me -you have never talked about
home, whenever he left the airport to head down to San Carlos. And so far it had been great. But this day... this day, as he stood on the train, too agitated to sit down, dread filled his stomach with every passing stop, with every mile he got closer to Dean.
"Um... just a beer, thanks," he told the barkeeper, who gave him such an intense once-over that Cas was inclined to grab his clothes, just in case the look made them vanish suddenly.
"Do I want to know why you are so well informed about one particular passenger?" Castiel kept his tone carefully neutral, but Gabriel was not fooled. He knew his friend who was like a brother to him too well.
Alas, his way to the elevators was unhindered, and within not even a minute, Dean was on the eighth floor. Lucky for him Cas always stayed in the same room - the advantage of being a frequent guest - so he hadn't needed to ask his lover for the room number and thus raise suspicions, and spoil the surprise.
Startled from his thoughts, it took the flight attendant a second or two to process the words that had just been hissed at him; then, however, he scrambled to his seat and quickly put on the belt. And did his best to ignore his colleague and friend Balthazar's glare.
Instead, he stated, "I can see why," and took in his surroundings once more, the fairytale garden amidst the city, plants glittering in the sun with the remnants of half a day of rain. The sounds of people and traffic moving by outside could be still heard, but only faintly. It made it easy to forget the city was still there. Only after a few minutes a thought occurred to Dean. "Wait, which doorman?" Because he certainly hadn't noticed them passing anyone, or any form of entrance, for that matter.
make you uncomfortable," Dean repeated, not a question anymore now, but a statement. The sadness, the apology in his lover's features, it didn't ease Cas' worry that a huge misunderstanding between them was to occur that could possibly cost them their relationship.
"Cas? Is everything all right? Do you... is this a bad time, do you want me to--" he began to offer, half turning and pointing at the door, even as his stomach sunk.
The hotel entrance came in sight much too soon for Dean's taste, and before they could enter, he stopped them.
When he was finished, Castiel felt as if a huge weight had been lifted off him. It felt good to just say it, to put into words what he had been carrying with him for months. The depth of his feelings for Dean had only grown with every day, every time they saw each other, until he realized that he didn't want to waste that chance, however small it may ever be. In his thirty-odd years, Castiel had never loved, never felt the way he felt for Dean now. How could he ever let that go without giving it every chance it could get? Castiel wasn't a brave man, by any standards; most of his life he'd gone for the safe way, the one he knew he wouldn't risk too much on. He could have been a pilot, as it had always been his dream, but flight attendant had been the safer option. He could have worked harder and risked more, gotten into intercontinental flights a lot sooner, but he rather had a secure job than what he had always wanted.
"Yeah," the other man replied, drawing the word out, "who did you expect...?" And just as he said it, Castiel saw realization dawn on his lover's face. "...or not expect, oh no, Cas, I'm sorry, you didn't think I was...?"
"Morning, old man," the woman in question greeted cheerfully, and leaned over to unlock the passenger side door.
The phone was picked up on the third ring. Unusual for someone who claimed to always have their phone close by in case 'some arrangements for the night came up on short notice, the caller shouldn't have the chance for second thoughts.' Not that Castiel was such a candidate.
"Good. Spent yesterday with Sammy and Jess, we went to the beach. Not warm enough for swimming, but at least for a bit of volleyball and a huge bowl of ice-cream afterwards," Dean grinned, the memory bringing back the taste of unusual flavors onto his tongue. "Yours?"
Sighing, Balthazar took a step back and look at Cas with a stern expression. "Cassie. You need this evening. Even if you only get a blowjob out of it. In any case, getting off by someone,
Lost were words on Dean - and on Cas, apparently, seeing as the man next to him just stared ahead. The smile that adorned his lips was reflected in his eyes, and it made him to Dean the most beautiful person he had ever seen. There was so much happiness in his eyes, happiness that matched Dean's own. And now he only wondered why they had waited so long to do this... if one could call the two weeks since they first talked a long time. They certainly felt like it to Dean.
Dean Winchester's feelings when boarding a plane and taking his seat were always the same: He was filled with an impending sense of doom. Flying was unnatural for humans, that much he had decided years ago already. Whoever had come up with the concept must not have been in their right mind.
"The man in 15a - I've seen him a few times now, do you know who that is?" Castiel inquired when Gabriel entered the crew area, followed by Balthazar.
Dean remained quiet after that, simply pulling Cas closer and holding him. He could relate to that, somehow. That sense of freedom he felt whenever he was driving his Baby, it was unique and nothing his life could give him otherwise. It wasn't as if he didn't enjoy his life as it was, but there were restrictions and limitations he felt every day, something the Impala took away for a while.
"He won't. His flight got delayed due to technical problems, and now they will probably leave South Africa not before tomorrow morning, maybe even noon, which means he won't be here before the afternoon or evening, and I can't leave any later than three pm. So - I'm not gonna be able to see him, not even for at least a few minutes, and that sucks majorly."
"There are things that are more important now." Jumping up, Dean began to pace the room then, making Castiel take a step back in what the other man recognized as alarm, and for a moment he hated himself that he didn't react to it. But he couldn't right now. He just couldn't.
"Don't stop," Dean moaned, and Castiel found legs around his lower back that urged him on, so much that he sank all the way in faster than he intended. Not that his lover minded, going by sounds coming from him. Or was it Cas himself making a few of them as well? He wasn't so sure anymore. But the sensation was incredible, and his willpower to take this slow, out of care for Dean and in the light of his inexperience as the one topping, was waning dangerously.
His week at work went by torturously slow. There were some throwbacks, problems that needed to be solved, keeping him in his office till the late evening hours and had him fall into bed as soon as he entered his apartment and taken off his shoes. At least it stopped him from thinking about Castiel too much... one should have thought.
With his pelvis resting snug against Dean's, Castiel experimentally rocked forward a few times, causing friction to his own cock as he moved slightly inside his lover, but also to the man beneath him, whose erection was now trapped between their bellies. And Castiel knew exactly how
"I better let you go up alone or I might not be able to leave, after all," he murmured, face close to Cas', whose cheeks turned into a nice shade of pink at the words.
With bottle and cup in hand, Castiel returned to his cause of emotional confusion, intent on proving to himself and whoever else cared about that he was, indeed, a professional - smitten or not.
"I'll keep that in mind and will head right down," he smiled back, signing the slip of paper Yanny had placed in front of him.
"You're here! Why are you here? Did the flight get cancelled? Did they change your flight plan? How long will you stay? What have you--"
Dean hadn't lost faith in them belonging together - because they continued to be perfect. Never running out of things to talk about, even though they called each other almost every day, being good at solving arguments quickly, if they arose at all, which was already a rare occurrence, and of course the sex was great as well.
"I thought you had already put it in your hand luggage?" came the muffled reply from the bathroom, and Dean smiled when he heard water splashing and then a high-pitched, happy squeal.
an amazing, perfect partner? He barely resisted the urge to pinch himself. If this was a dream, he didn't want to wake up anyways.
"Good morning, Dean. Sam," their personal angel said, unfazed by the dark stare the older Winchester directed at him. And really, Dean was not in the mood. Not before he was done with breakfast, and not before at least another cup of coffee.
"Because I have been listening to your stories about what he does and every little move he makes for two weeks and I think by now I know enough to hazard a guess on his opinion about you. And I'll be damned if that man is just nice to you because of his job."
He'd be brave. Just as he had always been in his life, out of necessity that spoke to his survival instinct. Even if he didn't want to.
good, though. Regardless of my worries afterwards," he murmured then, referring to Dean's earlier words. The other man only chuckled.
Of course he had no idea. How could he. It wasn't as if he had told him anything last night, before they had hung up after their...
"Hey, whose side are you on?" Dean protested in mock anger and glared skywards when the next bit of water fell down on him. He really wanted to spend a little time longer in this beautiful scenery; this was definitely not how he had planned this evening to go. Not that he had planned anything... and wasn't that yet another instance of him lying to himself. Like he would go into such a meeting without a plan. His duffel that was still lying next to their seat was proof enough.
"Um... do we need one?" Cas asked hesitantly after a few seconds. The desire to feel all of his lover burned hot inside him, but when Dean tensed and leaned back a little, he quickly added, "My job requires regular health check-ups, and I haven't had a partner in..." Averting his eyes, the last part was only an indistinct mumble. "A very long time." There was no reaction from Dean whatsoever, and Castiel wasn't sure if he was supposed to be worried now - or relieved that the other man was still there. So he simply asked, "You?", and tried to hide his uncertainty.
"Found it," he announced when he returned to the bathroom, where Castiel meanwhile had gotten out of the tub and was just in the progress of wrapping Mary into a fluffy towel, which was rewarded by the little girl with a happy smile.
Going home these days didn't mean the hotel anymore for Castiel. It meant taking the train to another part of the city, getting out on a never resting, always noisy plaza, and walking a distance of about two additional miles.
But actually leaving to buy breakfast and then return? For someone who would have the meal service due to the hotel stay anyways?
It took the former angel a few minutes to return to their room; minutes Dean unashamedly used to cocoon himself in the remaining warmth of the heap of cover Cas had left behind.
Lately passengers had become harder to deal with and to please; even Dean had noticed it, and he felt sympathy for Castiel who oftentimes came back exhausted from his flights with yet another group of unusually difficult flyers. Plus, intercontinental flights were of course much more demanding, what with time zone changes the aircrew had to endure, as well as moody weather that never quite fit the reports and, consequently, the clothes they packed.
"He's got you there, Balty," the short man teased, grinning widely. Balthazar, however, gave himself entirely unfazed by his colleagues' teasing.
," Castiel replied, and added a light teasing tone to the words he repeated off Dean. "Thank you, Dean, for your suggestions. I will make sure to have a closer look at them."
Recently, however, things had changed. His life, his job, traveling back and forth between two states only so he could be close to his brother as often as possible, even if same brother, four years his junior, was now a young man himself already, and on his way to become - what Dean believed - a prestigious lawyer and - what Dean hoped - a family man soon, took its toll on him, physically and emotionally.
"Well, he'll be back tonight, won't he?" Shaking his head, Dean trudged to his sofa and slumped down on it.
Castiel was not open when it came to sex. He preferred to keep it all private, in a locked bedroom, and best with the lights turned off. Sex was still a peculiar thing to him, as much as he enjoyed it - especially with Dean. Only with Dean. The few encounters he had had before were not even mentionable; quite the contrary. That excluded Balthazar of course, but then things with Balt had been different in so many ways.
Meeting Castiel, getting to know him, it was showing Dean how it could be. Even if they had only had one night with each other so far; but Cas was someone he could talk to, someone who was intelligent and a kind and gentle soul. He was the kind of person Dean believed he would be willing to try more with, to try and make it work with; the kind of person he... he could fall in love with.
With a growing lump in his throat and a stomach continuously dropping Dean watched how Castiel took a deep breath, surely having to work up the courage to say what he wanted to tell him. Well, at least he wasn't unaffected by it, which meant that Dean did have a place in Cas' heart.
Now they spent time together, talked about everything and anything, helped her mum at the café Ellen had, and in general just proved day after day that friendship between men and women was, indeed, possible. Something Dean couldn't have been happier about.
"That an offer, Jo?" Dean shot back, almost automatically, not really listening to what his friend was saying, and moreover, not giving it much thought. Too busy was he trying to find a solution so they could go home.
It had hit him after they had hung up last night; what they had done, and how he, Castiel, had been lying on that bed in a hotel room, one he hadn't locked or marked with the 'Do not disturb' sign, one he hadn't even drawn the curtains on, and that he had been naked and fully aroused, touching himself, pleasuring himself, under the guidance of someone who was several hundred miles away.
Castiel didn't know how long he spent just floating and doing nothing, but the dimmed light inside the pool area and darkness beyond the glass walls told him that it had been quite a while when he forced himself to move and at least swim back and forth a few times with strong strokes before he climbed out of the water and returned to his hotel room.
"Listen; Dean-o," he began, using the nickname he knew Dean hated, "if you hurt him..." There was a pregnant pause the steward used to raise his eyebrow and twirl his hand in front of him in a meaningful gesture. When he didn't continue after several seconds, Dean growled in irritation.
"Dean," he replied, and though he was still aiming his most winning smile at her, he noticed himself moving away a bit, the proximity suddenly strangely uncomfortable. As was the hand landing on his knee.
. We are happy. We can talk for hours and hours and it never gets boring, and we... well, you know, we're good together..."
"I think we've establi--" A moan swallowed the words when Cas sucked the head of Dean's cock into his mouth. "Established that - you're killing me here, angel!"
"Been makin' that for the last few weeks. 's big enough for the two of us. Not yet done, but'll have to do," came the mumbled reply, which was followed only seconds later by a grumped out and not-quite-awake-anymore, "Now shut up and go back to sleep."
"Yeah, maybe... if only they didn't also stop us from doing things would enjoy and that would do us good."
"I assume you are still angry at me." It was a simple statement, like there was nothing to it, and yet it bothered Dean like nothing else. Was he angry? Not quite. Was he confused? All the more so. It happened when your best friend touched your privates, even if it was with the best intention.
"Good morning, Yanny. On weekend shift again?" he greeted the hotel employee manning the reception when he came down for breakfast.
"Well, I'm gonna go 'n harass Rufus for a bit." Bobby stood up and walked a couple of steps. "Give Aretha some timeout from him. That Heaven, apparently you can have everything you want; even bad taste like Aretha must've." Once more, he turned to look at Dean. "I guess the question is... whaddya gonna do now, Dean?"
"Well... if there was something... something big... do you believe they'd be in for that. Either of them?"
"Nope," the other man replied, popping the 'p', and swaggered past his friend, throwing a glance past the dividing curtain. "Apart from telling you that it's the same for your darling passenger."
Ever since he had been a boy, Castiel Shurley had longed to be up there, in the clouds, where dreary existence on Earth ended and Heaven began. Where he wouldn't have to think - and if only for a while - about things that had been making his life harder for so many years. About lost mothers who didn't know how to give love, and absent fathers who saw importance in so much save for their own offspring. About friends who lacked devotion and lovers who failed to understand.
For the first time in his life, Cas believed he understood what family meant. And that he never again wanted to miss it.
When Balthazar entered Heaven's Door, Cas found himself spotted quickly. After a detour to the bar, at which Balt obviously ordered red wine, he approached his friend's table.
'smitten', as his friend had called it, with Dean. Castiel couldn't remember the last time he had met a person he felt comfortable around so immediately. Usually it took him long to warm up to people, to connect to them. He was sure able of being friendly, but it was always on a superficial level. Not that interacting with passengers required anything else - or more, for that matter. That his heart beat that little bit faster after only seeing someone a few times, and actually interacting,
"I..." Cas blanched. Of all the things he had said, this was what his lover picked. And he hadn't even meant to tell Dean that. Not yet anyways. He knew those were big words, meaningful words, and they held more weight than any declaration that he wanted them to be together and make their relationship work could ever had. He had planned on taking his time saying those words out loud, and find the right moment. Maybe he had been naive - maybe there was no right moment for this. But surely there were wrong ones, and this applied to all those times when he wasn't yet sure it wouldn't make the other man turn and run. As firm as he was in his decision, he certainly didn't want it all to end just yet, if it had to end at some point.
If something happened to him while driving Baby, if there was an accident, whether by his fault or anyone else's, it would surely shake up his world immensely. Mostly of course because it would mean that his car was damaged, perhaps even beyond repair. And then? Nothing would ever be able to replace the Impala that held so many memories, was such a vital part of his life, his history.
"I guess angel is approved of, then?" Dean murmured against Castiel's lips when they slowly ended the kiss, and the flight attendant could only do so much to keep that funny feeling in his stomach in check as he nodded and pecked the lush, pink skin in front of him once more. Soon enough though he found himself nudged to continue what he had interrupted a few minutes before, when Dean rolled his hips against Cas', brushing their cocks together.
It was only a long while later, when they were lying content in each other's arms, that Dean spoke again.
Now he and Cas used it to protect themselves from the soaked wood of the bench as they took a seat on it, bodies tentatively touching with their shoulders and legs pressed together.
The frustration on the angel's face was so incredibly adorable. And the relief flooding through every fiber of Dean the best feeling in a long time. And so he laughed. He laughed with so much freedom in his belly, contentment in his mind and love in heart, that tears streamed down his face. Tears of happiness over Cas being back, over not having lost him, he who was the single most important person in his life - and afterlife - besides his brother.
So here he was. Sitting in an airplane, waiting for the inevitable - the take-off. Which he hated even more than flying itself.
Because sometimes the only wings you needed was the weightlessness that the feeling of being happy and loved brought into your life.
When he leaned in for another kiss, he found it eagerly deepened by Dean, getting eventually past the light teasing and necking and back on track for what both expected this night to lead to. Disengaging his hands from Cas' face, Dean let them glide down the other man's body, and Castiel became unable to concentrate on the ongoing encounter of their lips when he got lost in the feeling of warm palms and clever fingertips on his skin instead.
He picked a small restaurant to have lunch at, and mourned the missed opportunity of a walk along the pier - because he certainly didn't want to be outside any more than necessary right now, not when even an umbrella wasn't of much help to keep one dry. And anyways, what use was a walk when one had to do it alone?
The rain didn't stop once during his trip. He drove up to Fisherman's Wharf, visited the museum and enjoyed himself although he mused that maybe it would have been more fun and interesting with some company. He didn't dare to continue the thought after that, knowing full well where it would lead him; or to whom, to be more precise. This crush he had was bad enough as it was.
"And you say my time here is lonely," Castiel teased, locking his hands behind his back and bouncing a little on his feet, before he seemed to remember where he was and quickly adjusted his stance to a more professional one. Dean, however, merely laughed.
Jack had done them proud. The boy they had raised together, he, Sam and Cas, had taught about life and love and family. The boy who was now out there, righting the wrongs, and doing it instinctively perfect.
And that was when Castiel stopped Dean and his admittedly somewhat adorable rambling the best way he knew: He kissed his lover. Kissed him deeply and without hurry, a gesture that held all his relief and happiness, and everything else he was feeling, but couldn't and didn't want to define.
Of course he had seen the steward before, had spotted him during the safety demonstration pre take-off. But the man had instructed the rear half of the passenger cabin, and thus had stood behind his seat. Besides, Dean had been too busy to follow the display. You couldn't see and hear that often enough, and you never knew when you needed it.
It wasn't as if he could have done much about the blush on his face then, but for once he also didn't worry about it either. There was, after all, no shame to thinking that Dean had left without a single word, a goodbye, or at least a written message - and to have been upset by it.
"And you love me for it!" Cas couldn't help it then - he laughed. He didn't remember the last time he'd been in such a ridiculous situation, but he was sure it had also been with Balt. And Gabriel, possibly. Speaking of...
Castiel had barely finished his sentence when, indeed, Jess and Sam stormed back into the room, holding hands, wide smiles on their faces.
Even though his mind had been in the progress of shutting down for sleep, the sudden realization that somehow managed to get through to his brain had him awake again in no time - and didn't let him get rest for half the night, as tired as he ever was.
So when there was a knock on the door even though he didn't expect anyone, Castiel was quick to stride over and greet the visitor, whoever it might be.
The week definitely qualified as hellish. If there was a Hell, this was what it looked like: filled with unhappy passengers demanding information on when they were going to start. Three times they had to wait in line before take-off, which caused them delays of up to one hour, and a plane full of cranky customers, their voices mingling to a disharmonic concert made of words like 'refund', 'last time', 'unprofessional' and the like.
With a little help from all sides and supported by what both men had saved already, they had even been able to buy a small house just outside of San Francisco; one that was perfect for their little family, and had a garden where Mary and her cousin, Sam's and Jess' baby boy Kevin, ten months himself, could have carefree playtimes.
Cheers and clinking glasses expressed the approval of the older Winchester words' in the following, as did the hugs the other three gave the flight attendant. Dean watched it all with an increasing warmth surrounding his heart, his very being, that was so alien to him that at first he didn't even know what it was. And when he eventually recognized it, he didn't quite dare to believe it.
"Same here, babe." He grinned, then, wrapping his arms around Cas. "And I thought you were here to tell me that you wanted to end our relationship."
"Yes, I--" But Dean didn't want answers to questions he already knew the same to. He just needed to sum it up for himself, to be sure he truly understood what he had just heard.
Though still being somewhat unsure, Cas hesitantly sped up his thrusts, until he felt them both fall into a rhythm that seemed to have been there for years; as if they weren't entirely new to each other and met only a few weeks ago.
Castiel was not in the business of 'getting' anyone. He was a professional, and as such felt bound to the company's rules; which included a clear statement regarding any kind of relationship between flight attendants and passengers. It was for the best also, he told himself; apart from the fact that he didn't even know if this Dean Winchester would be interested in men in general and in Castiel in particular, he also didn't believe there would be much of a future for them. With Dean -
"That's not how you should think. Whatever we can offer each other will be fine. First and foremost, we have each other, and that is what counts most. Even if it doesn't involve phone sex." The last sentence was said with a wink, and once again Castiel blushed, but also smiled shyly at his lover.
Behind the hotel's check-in desk a receptionist was eagerly tapping away on his computer keyboard; he looked up immediately when Dean stepped up to the counter though, a smile that was obviously well-practiced and anything but real plastered to his face.
"Hey yourself," he smirked, quickly squeezing the hand his lover had strategically placed on Dean's armrest. It was the only contact they allowed themselves in public; at least in that kind of public that was Cas' workplace. It was also a promise, one he was certain was going to be fulfilled.
Cas? Or had he maybe returned to his duty as an angel, a servant of God? Did he still remember their time together, their moments, what he had said when---
Without waiting for an answer, he headed straight for the dresser and he took out a t-shirt and a pair of jeans that usually got ignored by Castiel. In fact, he didn't even know why he still packed them, this piece of clothing Balt had once convinced him to buy because it 'made his arse even prettier', as he had said. Surely he was not about to analyze the meaning of him still carrying it around all the time.
, so much that he missed them to a point where it hurt. And that was something no one had taught him to deal with. Sure, he missed his brother when they were a few states apart, and he missed Charlie and Jess as well, because they were family, they were like sisters to him. But this, this thing with Cas? Entirely different. And maybe, in a way, even stronger.
Dean really liked Jo. Even though she was ten years younger than him, even though she had only just made it into her twenties, she was an old soul he enjoyed having around. Once he had even tried to hit on her, but had been turned down hilariously quick and effective. It hadn't been funny back then, but over time Dean had come to appreciate the blond girl and her badass attitude so much, and a true friendship had grown between them, leaving behind any and all social misdemeanors that may once have been.
"Stop exaggerating!" the man on the other end of the line protested. "I was distracted, okay? Am I not allowed to be when I meet someone who's really... nice?"
Five months. That was how long it had been going on already. How long they had to have arrange their schedules, trying their best to find times and places when they could meet, and if only for a few hours. They managed, somehow - but it was never enough. It was eating at them, a constant weight they carried, each meeting overshadowed by the knowledge that soon, too soon, they had to part again, and they didn't know with a one hundred per cent certainty whether their next planned date was going to happen.
"That I want you to shut up and concentrate on work. We'll start any second and as soon as we're in the air and seatbelt signs are off you know there'll be enough to do. I'd really like to have that moment of quiet now," Gabriel clarified, voice hushed yet intent on making a statement that couldn't be misinterpreted. Castiel was aware that, while Gabe was fond of both his flight attendant colleagues and oftentimes the craziest of the three of them, he did have his moments in which he was a voice of reason. And he wasn't wrong - this was nothing they should discuss -
He had this dream often. This dream where even within it, he felt like he was past conscious thought and had escaped into a fantasy realm. A dream he clung to, even after waking up and finding himself back on the ground, where nothing felt light, or easy.
"I want you to leave one hand up there now, Cas. Leave your left hand do what I want to do so much right now, let it caress and roam your body. And your right hand you bring down between your legs. Can you do that for me, Cas?" There was a jerky sound on the other end of the line, and Dean believed it to be nodding. It should have been enough; he knew Castiel well and didn't need verbal confirmation, but he craved to hear his lover's voice. "Talk to me, Cas. Tell me you've understood."
"And I--" He swallowed hard, his voice unexpectedly shaky despite being more than sure of the words, as he continued, "love you. I should have told you sooner, I'm sorry. But I do love you. So much." He felt Cas waver in his embrace then, so all he could think of was to lock his arms around his angel even tighter and claims his lips in a kiss.
Dean may not have had Cas' number - but he sure did have Jo's, and he knew that his friend was going to want an update. If she found out on Monday that something had happened on Saturday already, she would definitely make him walk from the airport.
It was bad enough when one only saw their lover every once in a while; sometimes it took a week, sometimes two, and sometimes even more. But not being able to match their schedules for over a month?! That was torture.
"Of course you, handsome. Guys like you are never free. But should you ever be... you know... find me," she said, winking at him as she did, and took her book that was lying on her tray table. And when he looked up once more, he saw Cas return his earlier smile.
Only when they parted minutes later, having shamelessly indulged in releasing years of pent-up longing - well, parts of it at least, Dean was sure there was still enough left to last them another few eons - Castiel, too, laughed. A pure, happy laugh.
"He's right, Dean," his brother chimed in, unhelpfully as always, "there's no reason why you should be in pain," and here at least Sam winced in sympathy before continuing, "when Cas can help you."
"We kissed." For some reason, Dean felt idiotic saying it like this. Like a schoolboy who told his buddies proudly of his first kiss - and made it a story about how he had totally swept the girl off her feet with it, while in fact he'd been the one with wobbly knees.
again." And once again, quiet filled the car. Chancing a glance over at Jo, he found her staring him incredulously, and blinking rapidly in disbelief. If he hadn't been just a tiny bit worried about her reaction - even though he was sure she didn't mind - he would have found the picture hilarious. He was just glad that they had to wait at a red light, so Jo didn't have to pay attention to the road in that moment.
"It was good, wasn't it?" Dean grinned, oblivious yet, or maybe simply trying to lighten the mood, but his face fell when Cas didn't respond in kind. However, it was the flight attendant himself who felt horror befall him when his lover suddenly took a step backwards, completely breaking any physical contact between them. "Oh God... did I make you uncomfortable? Cas, no, you should have told me! You could have said no, you can always say no with me, gosh, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to..." Hadn't the situation and Dean distancing himself from Cas scared him so much, the flight attendant probably would have watched with fascination how the other man's face drained of color with every word. But when Dean, almost white as a sheet, stumbled backwards until his back hit a wall, he knew he had to do something, and fast.
"Yes..." the other man rasped, an erotic sound he had heard so often in these past weeks, and wasn't able to resist. This was about Castiel, but still he couldn't help himself when he quickly pushed down his pants and briefs, and pulled aside his already half-open shirt.
"I get that. That's why I spent most of my time at work when I'm in Detroit, and only go back to my apartment to sleep. Could just as well put up a bed in my office..."
And how could he have ever known that, contrary to his firm belief, the time between take-off and landing was more than enough to turn his world upside down.
"No, really? Who would have thought," he couldn't help but tease the other man, taking the now empty coffee cups they'd just had and rinsing them out.
"Not you as well," Dean groaned, but didn't let Jo react to it before he continued, "Yes, I kinda forgot about it, so big deal. Happens. It's not like--"
Even though the redhead walked straight into his apartment without waiting for an invitation - not that she needed one - she also turned around immediately as soon as she was past him and he had closed the door, opening without preamble,
But the worst part was - he couldn't even be angry at himself. He should have been; should have taken it as a lesson learned the hard way, as something that would forever be a warning to him, a red flag whenever he even considered doing it again. And maybe it was, to some extent; but as far as Dean was concerned... if he had a time machine, if he had been able to turn back these hours spent with that man - he would do it all again. Because this... this had been special, no matter how it had turned out in the end.
"This gives you directions, business hours and entry fees. I also took the liberty of arranging for a rental car."
"I... uh... may have planned ahead? When I knew I had to try my luck and see if you're also interested, I got a check-up. Just in case," Dean explained, and added a quiet "Sorry" as an afterthought. But Castiel only chuckled and then kissed his partner hard.
It was also something - the involuntary discovery as well as the topic itself - he wasn't going to keep quiet about. They had, after all, agreed on talking about things that might cause misunderstandings.
What he allowed himself were moments like this one, when he relished in the silence of an empty bath and water gave him the chance to hover above ground, even if it was merely an illusion he willingly succumbed to.
Castiel wasn't sure what to say. That didn't sound like a happy family at all - unless, of course, Dean was just joking and it was all harmonic and... But what he said sounded odd nonetheless. And apparently his face gave his irritation away, as Mr. Winchester first frowned, and then had realization dawn on his face.
Entirely robbed of his ability to speak by fear and awe, all he could hope was that his wide-eyed stare helped communicate what he wanted. Certainly the depth in those sapphire blues of the other man had to hold some mind-reading capabilities.
"Hello Dean." The older Winchester couldn't help himself then - he laughed. He laughed and pulled Castiel into his arms and held him so fast that the other man actually let out a small noise of protest.
"I believe that ship has sailed," Castiel remarked and pushed Balthazar, who was still too close, gently but firmly away. "And I'm not inclined to call it back to the shore."
Castiel had the strong urge to kick himself. He would have, if it had been possible. It wasn't though - he knew, because yes, he had tried. Groaning quietly and shaking his head, he turned back to the galley to finish up his work, and almost collided with Balthazar when he rounded a corner.
Eventually, they arrived at their motel room, with the younger Winchester having long since given up commenting on Dean's protest every time they drove over a bump in the road. Which of course and just for the record, had nothing to do with a certain injury, but instead
"Like guys? For years. But since I like them both, the ladies and the guys, I always tended to turn to the female population. Because... well... you know how dad was and all."
"Really? You want to make that effort yourself when it's so much more comfortable to just sit in a comfy seat and let yourself be flown to your destination?" Dean teased gently, nudging the other man's cheek with his nose before placing a light kiss at the same place.
Dean rolled his eyes when his best friend suddenly decided to partake in the conversation as well - how he had ever thought that she'd always come to his rescue was beyond him. As if it wasn't enough that one of the girls was obviously trying to ruin him, all the while his dear brother - why again had he done so much for the overgrown baby? - sat there, grinning. Traitor.
"Just thought it'd be nice to talk for a bit," Cas replied, words already slurred. He mustn't fall asleep though. He couldn't risk it.
"So... how come you are here? I thought angels weren't supposed to be in people's Heavens? Or is this part of the reshaping you and Jack have done?"
"We can do it, right? We can make this to work." Castiel knew he was pleading; it was hard to miss the undertone in his voice and his words. But he didn't care if right now he appeared desperate - desperate to keep something he wasn't even entirely sure they had. He could only hope they were, despite never having talked about it, on the same page when it came to the status of their relationship.
"Good day, sir, and welcome to the Seaside Inn. How may I be of service to you today?" the man greeted, his voice warm, yet distant.
"I'm Gabriel," the short one on front of him answered, "and that's Balthazar. Castiel and we are not only colleagues, but also friends, and have been for a long time. And we will not watch when you play with Cassie's feelings, Dean-o. So hands off that brunette!"
"Yes, since the company is paying for it, we have several upper middle class hotels to choose from. They are still not particularly luxurious, and they are far from being home, but at least they are comfortable enough for staying inside when one isn't in the mood for going out. When I'm here I always stay at the Seaside Inn. It's not too far from either the city or the airport, and I can take walks to the sea."
"Point goes to Team Shurley/Winchester. Sorry, guys, but I have the better player with me." A short but sweet kiss followed Dean's words, before he added, "Welcome to our weird, nerdy little family, Cas."
Dean Winchester had never given much thought to heaven. Not in a positive, look-forward-to-it way at least. Last he checked, heaven wasn't the place one actually wanted to go; a big mess, a prison for souls, damned to relive one moment of their lives over and over without ever knowing.
"Today?" Castiel asked hesitantly, still unwilling to seek advice. Even though he considered Balthazar a friend and someone who was most likely the best option he had, it still wasn't easy.
"You want to give Mary away?!" If the sheer horror in Cas' face hadn't been so heartwarming, Dean might have laughed. Instead, he smiled fondly and wrapped his arms around his partner, gently nuzzling his cheek with his nose.
Dean Winchester had endured many injuries in his life since he became a hunter. He had been beaten, cut, stabbed, burned, scratched, flung against walls and trees and cars, hell, he had been
"Good morning, Mr. Shurley. Yes, caught the short straw again," the man replied, winking as he did so, and handed Castiel the newspaper; a personal service Yanny had once agreed to offer to his favorite guest.
"He isn't. It's entirely his thing if he flirts with that woman. It's not my, or either of your business."
- but about someone he might just find it in him to care about a bit more than only for a few hours of pleasure and fun.
to try it. Never had the right partner, maybe. But with Cas... His lover was vocal, and the noises he made alone enough already to bring Dean to the brink. But even without the sounds he was making, even without that wonderful voice, thick and dark with arousal, coming from the speaker of his phone, Dean realized with a start that he would have done it anyways. As long as he was able to do something good for this man he...
Surprise was on his side when he freed his hands of Dean's grip with quick movements and wound his arms around him, hands resting on his to-be lover's lower back and fingertips brushing past the elastic of his briefs, while Cas lodged one of his legs between Dean's. The sudden pressure against his erection made Dean yelp, and he Cas felt him instinctively flinch and pull away - and so he had, hadn't he been held fast by arms and seduced by lips seeking attention.
"Can I ask you a question?" the flight attendant right then stopped his train of thought, something Dean wasn't all too sad about.
Driving the empty road in Baby, relishing in the freedom of going wherever and whenever he wanted, no hunts ahead, no lives to save, to responsibilities to fulfill.
It didn't last long though; too exhausted they were from earlier, and anyways was food as source for strength just the thing they needed then, so some ten minutes later found them sitting next to each other, shoulders still touching as if it was impossible for them to be too far apart right now, and eating their unusual breakfast.
There was such warmth and tenderness to Dean's touch as his thumbs caressed Castiel's cheeks and his fingertips massaged his scalp that the flight attendant could do nothing but stare with fascination into the kind green eyes of the other man. It had been a long time since he had experienced physical affection past a quick hug or a reassuring shoulder clap, and until now, Castiel hadn't expected to ever find someone he even wanted to have such moments with again. He was slow when it came to getting to know people, and even slower when it was about letting them into his life and heart and, ultimately, bed, but Dean... Dean was different in so many respects. Cas trusted him, and he felt he knew him so well, even though they had barely spent time with each other,
"Not mentionable. The normal debriefing, nothing special. It's just that it's mandatory, and though they always try to get through as fast as possible, because for most people attending it's the beginning of their weekend, it does take its time sometimes."
The younger man shrugged his shoulders; he didn't know the answer to that. Visit his family and friends, of course, at some point he would do that, he wanted to. See them all again, happy and content and finally free of the never-ending duty of being a hunter, how could he not want to share this with them. Right in that moment, however, there was an emptiness inside him, a sense of loss, and celebrating just didn't sit right with him. He could go for a drive, his Impala stood close by and waiting for him, but--
"But that's unfair. And selfish. This is your dream job. Who am I to expect you to be here with me when you can be out there, seeing the world, and do what you love. I'm sorry, Cas, this is stupid of me. I should probably hang up before I make even more of an idiot--" The door bell ringing made Dean halt in his words, and confused he looked up. It was ten in the evening, who the hell could that be? "Cas, give me a sec, there's someone at the door." While the phone was still pressed to his ear, he didn't notice that there came no reply from the other end, too focused on his late-night visitor.
There was a nearness he couldn't quite explain; nor was he able to understand it. As they rocked together, desperately heading for their climaxes, they clung to each other, Dean's hands finding purchase on Cas' shoulder blades as if he tried to hold on to his angel's non-existent wings, and Cas cradling Dean's head in his hands, while his lips by now were just resting against his lover's, to kiss whenever they felt like it. And they felt like it a lot.
An hour later - an hour spent with listening to Balthazar's constant nagging he eventually gave into - saw Castiel standing outside the bar, watching the barkeeper approach him.
"So are you staying at a nice hotel?" He was just going to pretend that question was as innocent as he wanted it to sound. No reason to consider that there was information to gain here, valuable information, and if it was freely given, it might just ease one or another insecurity.
"That'd be different. I wouldn't be using my job to... to... I don't know! Get closer to him, get to know him? It's wrong and unprofessional, and for a good reason."
"Uh... yes? You said yours was an actual angel name, your people are called Sky Angels and... well... you're..." Now it was, and this was something that warmed Castiel's heart immensely, for Dean to blush and throw a wide-eyed look at the other man. "You're...
However cheerful in-flight announcements were, all he couldsee them as was much-needed reassurance for passengers and the crew themselves that everything was going to be okay - all the while no one truly believed it. And what reason was there to, anyways? When a bunch of humans was packed into a metal contraption, a tons-heavy thing that was then lifted into the air by what he, despite all his knowledge of physics, still thought of as pure and just as easily distracted willpower, one needed reassurance.
"I don't-- oh." The blush deepening told Dean that his lover now not only had heard, but also understood his words, and he smirked before he leaned forward to kiss a little crumb off the edge of his mouth.
At least his words seemed to have an effect, eventually. He was still not giving it any closer consideration, but of course the last thing the older Winchester wanted was a limitation to his performance skills. The ones outside hunting.
"No, Cassie, simple knowledge of human nature. But if you don't believe me, well, I might be pointing out the obvious here, but - there
Yes, he had never told Balt his opinion on it, too eager to learn and experience; and he surely hadn't told Dean before he had allowed him into his hotel room, knowing all too well how the evening would end.
"Hey," the flight attendant gave back, pushing his hand slightly against his lover's in a gesture of approval.
"Jessica, are you pregnant?" Castiel didn't even need a verbal answer then. The woman's reaction, scrunching up her face and inclining her head, was more than enough. "I am absolutely sure that Sam will be delighted. He loves you, Jess. I'm anything but an expert on human relationships and interactions," at that, Jessica laughed lightly, but Cas didn't allow himself to let himself be distracted by it, "but it doesn't take much to see that Sam loves you very much and will be more than happy to have a family with you. Also, aren't you engaged already?"
The sun was warm as it shone through the treetops, the world dipped in a soft golden glow, the street lined by proud trees of lush green.
"What's up?" he asked, but when he followed Gabe's dagger shooting stare, an answer became unnecessary. "Woah. Isn't he a douche." A groan from behind him made him turn around to Castiel, who stood leaning again the cabinets and shook his head.
"Cas, what's up? Something has happened, hasn't it? Where are you?" Another pause, then a sigh. And it hit Dean what the answer would be before the other man replied.
Now was important to take care of a problem one of the arrangements - the main one to be precise - came along with.
"Mr. Shurley! Welcome back, sir," Yanny, the receptionist Castiel had already spent one or the other minute - and sometimes more - having a chat with greeted him with a smile when he approached the counter.
Yes, their situation was unique, as Charlie had said, evidently so, since no couple he knew, or had ever met, had to live like this - apart from each other for long periods of time, sometimes so long that Dean feared one of these days he had to rely solely on his heart to recognize Cas, because his eyes had forgotten him.
boy. Lucifer's child, there to bring destruction and death to the world, had proven like no other that no matter your predefined destiny - in the end you always choose your own path. And wasn't that a lesson to be remembered.
Blindly he reached for the lube while he used the rest of the watery substance still on his hand and his lover to continue the light massage he had started earlier; circling the tip of his finger along the rim without applying any pressure. He knew he was going to drive Dean insane with it, but something in him wanted to know how much his lover was going to be able to take.
The landing had been unspectacular, and getting off the plane a quick affair - both for which he was quite grateful, especially after that flight and the turbulences. But then, Dean had to admit, was there also something positive to these turbulences - or someone.
asked her, then?" Dean instantly remarked, his words not really a question, though he was gracious enough to let it at least sound like one.
Snapping his luggage - a suitcase small enough to fit into the overhead lockers - he left the plane, waving and calling a goodbye to Gabriel and Balthazar. It was time to go home. Or at least go to his makeshift home that was the hotel he always stayed at in San Francisco. But wherever it was, he just wanted to get some rest, and his weekend started.
Shaking his head, he grabbed the car seat and his suitcase, announcing, "We're going to be late for our flight," before he headed out through the door leading to the garage. "I'll secure her in, lock up, will ya?" And with that, he was gone.
