“Yeah buddy, that would be an easier gift to give you.” Santa clears his throat “I’ll have a talk with your friend and your daddy to set up a playdate”
If anyone is still reading this after I've flaked on it so many times I'll be surprised but here's a new chapter. I had to write half of a new fic before I could come back to this one. I have an idea of how it's going to end I just got stuck on how I'm gonna get there because I never planned on this fic being so long and it kinda took on a mind of its own. I can't make any promises to be more consistent with updates because life is just all kinds of unpredictable right now but I will try to finish it soon.
“What are we making?” Jack asks for the first time.
“Don’t you think I should get a say in my own love life?” Dean goes on before Cas can answer the question. “And who says I wasn’t hurt by this? I was fucking miserable these past few weeks Cas. All I could think about was you and those stupid dreams and how I’m still a coward who will never be happy because I’m too afraid to be myself.”
“You’re damn right there’s been a misunderstanding, I never thought my brother would be homophobic. I won’t make that mistake again.” He growls.
“So . . . ” Gabe started but then stopped hoping Cas would get the hint. Cas feigned ignorance.
Gabe: Now you’re testing me to see if I’ll say something stupid that you can hold over my head for weeks on end. I know your games woman. It won’t work.
They take turns holding the newest Winchester and then they leave to let mother and baby get some rest. Sam tells them they can go home and get some sleep as well and Dean pulls him into a hug.
Cas and Dean change into pajamas, Dean borrows a pair of sweats and a shirt from Cas, and then they crawl into Cas’ bed and Dean wraps his body protectively around Cas like he can shield him from the pain, and holds him until he falls asleep.
“Was there anything unusual that morning?” Sam asks the two teenagers in front of him. The boy scoffs.
“It sounds like he’s smitten with someone.” Bess says.
“Uh sure.” Cas says, the man hands Jack the apple juice and then takes the orange juice Cas offers him. The side of the cup is a little sticky as is Cas’ hand but the man doesn’t seem to notice or care.
“Thank you Dean, I love it.” He says quietly and everyone crane their necks to see what it is.
“I know but we’re with the FBI and we’d really like to hear it from you instead of read it in a report. Plus there might be something you missed, we’re just being thorough.”
“Santa came, he was able to find us here.” Sam says excitedly and then holds up his rocket ship “Look what he brought me.”
“And you’re sure his parents are alright with him spending the holidays with us?” Mary had been fretting over Dean’s friend ever since he asked if he could bring him home for the holidays.
“Dean, what are you doing?” Dean jumps at the unexpected voice and bangs his head on the inside of the cupboard. He turns to see Jack standing in the doorway of the kitchen.
“Are you excited to see what your secret santa got you?” Dean asks, trying to strike up an actual conversation “I know the party is boring as fuck but they do know how to do secret santa gifts. The worst gift giver is probably Adler himself and his gifts really aren’t bad. They’re pretty high end, just very impersonal. Everyone else actually puts in an effort.”
“Hey babe, sorry I’m late. I got stuck talking to a coworker and lost track of time. Is your brother here yet?” Dean smiles at him and hands him the hot chocolate.
“Guess I missed a spot.” Dean laughs uncomfortable and then steps aside to let Cas in.
Sam is firmly in the belief that Cas knew exactly what he was doing and he had to give the guy props. Somehow he’d gotten his point across in a way that Dean would understand and it resulted in Dean finally pulling his head out of his ass.
“Last minute christmas shopping.” Sam explains and starts digging through the rows of records. He selects a few of Dean’s favorites and then walks up to the counter to check out.
“I don’t know.” Mary sighs. “I’ll have to ask Sam about it. He seems to know more than we do.”
“I’m not taking your bed Dean.” Cas sets his jaw in a way that Dean recognizes as his serious face. Cas can be a stubborn bastard when he wants to be and Dean knows there’s no point trying to argue with him.
“Is he blind?” Sam asks Mary.
“Yes Dean I know what it means, I even made sure to give you other gifts that held similar sentiments so you’d know I knew what I was doing.”
Bobby can’t help but smile at the little snot nosed brats. He loves them quite a bit more than he’d ever admit outloud.
“I don’t…” Dean hesitates.
After he got home and relieved Rufus from babysitting duty he realised he had forgotten wrapping paper. He searched through his closets and was just about to give up and use newspaper when he found a roll of shiny red and green paper buried in the back of his closet. His wife must have put it there, probably after their last christmas before that demon possessed her. He runs his thumb over the slippery paper and for just a moment he allows himself to miss her. Then he wraps the gifts and stuffs the stockings and silently creeps in to place them at the foot of the spare bed that he’d tucked both boys into.
“Cas?”
“How are classes going Sam? Learn anything exciting this week?” Dean sighs at the subject change.
“Yeah. My grandmother used to make pies every year for thanksgiving and when I was nine or ten I started helping her. It was our time to get away from the rest of the family during the holidays.”
“When were you in New York?” Sam asked Dean. The shorter man shrugged.
When he’s out of the shower and getting dressed Cas comes in the room and flops down on their bed dejectedly.
“The light show Tammy was telling us about the other day while we were doing our supply run.” Cas explains.
“DEAN!” Sam yells from the other side of the door and Dean jerks up in bed, alone and uncomfortably hard. “Your damn alarm has been going off for the past ten minutes.” Sam calls through the door. Dean can hear the muffled sound and starts feeling around for his phone when he belatedly realizes that he left it in the kitchen the night before and that’s why it sounds so much quieter than normal. He jumps out of bed and rushes toward the noise to turn it off, nearly knocking Sam on his ass on the other side of the door when it flings open.
“What’s up honey bee?” He sits on her bed and gently pulls back the blanket.
“Didn’t you already tell Santa what you want?” Cas asks warily. He’d hoped to avoid the mall but he’d realised last minute that he hadn’t gotten a gift for his brother Gabriel. He’d seen something at the mall the last time they were there but he hadn’t bought it because he thought he could find a cheaper one online. He couldn’t. So he’d dragged Jack to the mall on christmas eve with the vain hope that they could get in, get what they needed, and get out in under thirty minutes.
“Don’t think I didn’t notice. You always get jittery and you stutter when you’re nervous or excited. Plus you cut our conversation short because you were going to dinner with a “friend” I’m not an idiot Cassy.”
“Oh no son, she’d rip me a new one. If you’re not going to do it right don’t do it at all.” He chuckled and then looked up at Dean as if he’d just realized he was there. “I don’t know you.”
“Who is it.” he mouths. Dean mouths back “Sam”
“You do have a point. But what if Cas really is just a friend and we’re reading too much into it?” Mary wonders. John shrugs and wraps his arms around his wife’s shoulders.
“Duly noted” Den smiles as they solidify their plans.
“They really wouldn’t.” he agrees. “Have you eaten anything today?”
“I mean, your table only has four chairs. Maybe he just wants us to set a stack of plates and silverware on the table and we’ll eat in the living room like we did last time people were here.” Cas guesses.
“Ok!” She grabs her fork and stuffs a large piece of syrupy waffle in her mouth. And just like that her bad mood is gone.
“Not yet, we’re gonna be a little late. I’m also bringing a friend over if that’s alright? He’s having a pretty hard day and he just needs a good home cooked meal.”
“We had our reasons. Your parents, my parents, our geographic location. To name a few.”
“You know what I meant,” Dean parks the car. “With all those lights on it’s gonna be next to impossible to get in unseen.”
“I’m just saying.” John starts but Dean cuts him off.
“I’ll have to see if Cas is ok with it but I think he will be.” Dean grins.
“Yeah, in Spokane Washington a guy was found frozen to death in his living room.”
“You wanna know what to get Dean for secret santa.” She says bluntly and Castiel stares at her open mouthed.
“It’s fine,” he winces.
“I hate you both” Sam grumbles and wanders off to find an ice pack for his nose. After the laughter dies down Eileen fnds him sulking in the kitchen and makes it up to him with soft kisses and gentle hands guiding him to his bedroom.
“Because I knew you’d get weird about it and you have that big important lawyer test coming up.”
“Yeah I guess.” They do their best to set out dishes but there's not really much they can do so they just sit and chat for a bit. Soon the time on the oven goes off and Dean pulls out the small pan. He sets it on the stove top with a perplexed face.
“Dean.” Cas interjects.
After the hunt is over Sam and Dean show Charlie to a spare room with clean bedding and then make their way to their own rooms to crash. Cas wanders around the bunker for several hours until he remembers his and Charlie’s earlier mission to find christmas gifts. He sees Sam’s tablet on the kitchen table and figures Sam won’t mind if he borrows it.
Clair watched as a man dressed in a red suit and hat came into view and walked right up to her dad. She quickly stifled her squeal with her hand and hoped the grownups hadn’t heard the slight squeak that escaped. She did not want to be put on the naughty list for being out of bed after bedtime or for spying on Santa. They didn’t look in her direction so she figured she was in the clear.
“Dean, if you need to go…”Cas starts but Dean shakes his head.
“So what? You thought you'd carry it all by yourself and never tell anyone so I could move on, blissfully unaware?” Dean can feel his anger and frustration dissipating.
After the boys were asleep Bobby had called Rufus and asked if he’d mind keeping an eye on them while he ran to the store. He wasn’t planning on being gone more than an hour or so and the kids were asleep so Rufus really wouldn’t have to do much. When he explained that he needed to get them gifts from Santa Rufus finally relented. So that’s how Bobby found himself waiting for the insufferable man to show up, hopefully before all the stores closed.
“I’m happy for you Sammy” he pats him on the shoulder and if he has to surreptitiously wape away a tear before he lets go of the hug, well, that’s nobody’s business but his own. “You know what this means? I get to be the cool uncle now.”
“Well, looks like it’s just you and me tonight Cas.”
At the morgue they do the whole fed charade and are quickly escorted to the body.
“I was gonna tell that one. They looked ridiculous and I had to allow it because when they knocked they didn’t know it was your place so it technically counted as knocking on a stranger’s door.” Jo pouted and the poorly concealed laughter, from everyone but the three men in the spotlight, filled the room.
“That wasn’t, I was just trying to get his attention.” Dean splutters.
Inside the box Dean finds a handful of ticket stubs, a pen, a red and white striped tie that he recognizes as his own, scraps of paper with messy handwritten notes, and a leather bracelet with a metal charm that says “always with you.”
“Cas” Dean turns and sees the man standing in the kitchen doorway and he has to catch his breath as his mind screams “he’s here” over and over again.
“Oh, um, I wouldn’t say that--.” Cas starts but Dean cuts him off.
Gabe: Are you sure it’s not just his normal Monday morning mood? We all know he’s not a morning person.
“How?” Cas looks a little shell shocked. “How did you know about… Dean?”
Dean stares open-mouthed at Sam while he unpacks the grocery bags.
“That sound, right there.”
“It’ll be even better on the cookies.” Dean assures him and then pulls out the dough.
“Not much just work, the shop is doing great and I even hired a couple new employees last month.” Dean beams with pride while he talks about his auto body shop. Bobby left him and Sam some money in his will. Sam had used his for the downpayment on their house and Dean and used his to start his business.
Dean comes into the room a moment later with a large box that appears to be shaking, or maybe it’s Dean that’s shaking.
“I don’t know. I mean I was just his partner on a project.” Cas said sadly.
“We can make it a whole family thing with all three kids” Sam adds.
“Charlie, I have a question to ask you.” He says before he’s even thought of a way to ask her about Dean without her knowing he’s asking about Dean.
He walked back into the bunker and gently tapped Eileen on the shoulder. When she turned to him he signed that they should probably go and she nodded in agreement. Jack placed a steadying hand on her shoulder and let her grip his other hand while he guided her to the garage. She winced every so often and had to stop once to take a breath but they eventually made it to the car.
“Jack!” Cas admonishes and turns to the man, “You don’t have to--” He starts but the man just laughs and pulls a couple of dollars out of his wallet.
“Since last March.” Dean says when he realises what Cas realized a few minutes earlier. “I told you months ago.”
So, with this lovely pandemic I'll be out of work for the next six weeks and I might actually finish this story. I'll try. Not making any promises. I still have no idea where I'm going with this story.
“Dean Winchester, have you been having wet dreams about me?” Cas can’t help teasing him, it just comes naturally. Dean’s blush deepens at Cas’ words but he cracks a smile anyways.
“Sorry man, that sucks.” Gabe patted him on the shoulder sympathetically and despite everything it did make Cas feel a little bit better to get some of it off his chest.
“Please tell me you kept the camera and you didn’t delete any of the pictures.” Sam tells him.
“Oh no, honey, I’ve already told grandma that aunt Cheryl can stay in our guest room this week.”
“What’s this?” He wonders out loud.
“You’ll have to open it to find out.” Cas smirks and it sends a shiver down Dean’s spine. “And no one put me up to it. I found a list of gift ideas on the computer.” Dean groans but starts to tear the paper away from the last gift.
“I don’t like Charlie Brown” Sam grumbles but Dean ignores him.
“That’s why he waited till after she died to say anything.” Lucifer comments. “Too afraid to say or do anything to disappoint mommy but as soon as she’s dead he struts in here all high and mighty.”
“I didn’t know any theaters in town were doing Sweeney Todd. I would have begged to come along.” Jo said after the laughter was dying down.
“I don’t know, is the volume turned down?” Sam can hear his father pressing random keys on the keyboard.
“That’s because I’m a fantastic cook.” Dean beams with pride. He doesn’t remember cooking for Cas but he’s cooked for a lot of his friends. It’s kinda his thing, he likes to take care of people and what says ‘I care about you’ better than a home cooked meal?
“I think Charlie refers to us as an old married couple.” Cas chimes in.
“Let me open that for you.” Jack handed it to him and he tried not to make a face at the slimy plastic as he ripped it open and pulled it down to expose part of the candy. Jack took it back and stuck it in his mouth.
“They won’t be scarred for life, even if it does scare them. They’re eight months old. They won’t even remember this.”
“What?” he rubs his arm dramatically and gives Sam a look through the screen.”See what happens when you’re not here?”
“She didn’t want to be embalmed. So we don’t really have a very big window of time.” Gabe shrugs.
“Clair” Cas says gently and she lifts her head to look at him, tears streaming down her face. “I won’t be upset, just please explain.” He rubs soothing circles in hir back. She glances at Dean equal parts nervous and furious.
Dean tries not to take Cas’ hushed words seriously but he does feel a little sting when he hears Cas say he ‘doesn’t want him to meet the family.’ He tries to remind himself that this isn’t a ‘meet the boyfriends family’ kinda situation. It’s a ‘support Cas in his time of need’ situation. Still, he had put some effort in looking presentable for dinner. Maybe this isn’t such a good idea he thinks. Before he can get too lost in his thoughts Cas grabs his hand and gives it a gentle squeeze.
“I’m going out.” Is the only response he gets before another door is slammed in his face. Madison hesitates in the doorway to the kitchen, having witnessed the entire altercation.
Just a cute little Jack and Cas moment.
“Ok Mr. Bradford can you tell us what happened?”
“Well now I feel like a jerk for thinking all those horrible thoughts about the woman.” Gabe gives him a sheepish look. “So is everything cleared up now? Are you two back on track? Maybe you’re gonna let your big brother finally meet this mystery girlfriend?” He nudges Cas and raises his eyebrows suggestively. Cas stifules the urge to chuckle.
“I’ll ask him next weekend.”
“Dean? Are you still there? Dean!”
Gabe: Why does everyone assume it’s my fault?  I haven’t spoken to Cassy since Friday.
“Probably. We should head back to the other crime scenes and see if we can find any hex bags.”
“There” Dean points to the corner of one of the screens where a figure is crouched behind a hatchback. “Look familiar?” Dean asks Sam.
“We’re in a bunker not a fort.” Jack, on the other hand, has not figured this out so he’d corrected Dean.
“It’s our first christmas together as an official couple though.”
It’s their turn at the register, Sam puts their items on the counter and then tells the cashier that he’s also picking up a record player that he’d ordered earlier. The guy disappears behind an employees only door and returns a few moments later with a large box. Sam hands the box to Jack while he pays for their purchases and then they leave the store.
“Sammy, uncle Bobby was sleeping, you shouldn’t wake people up like that.” Dean admonished his brother. Bobby Sat up and settled the child next to him on the bed.
“Because we’ll remember and hopefully we’ll get some cute pictures out of it. It is our first Christmas with them. Don’t you want to have the whole christmas experience?”
“Oh, DVDs like Dean’s old cowboy movies?” Jack is excited to finally know what Sam is talking about.
“We were just starting to rebuild a tentative friendship and I was afraid of making it too complicated.”
Cas straightens a little and quickly rubs the wetness from his eyes. “I’m sor-” He starts but is cut off when Mary pulls him into a tight hug.
“Oh yeah?”
“You have plans with Cas for the entire week? He’s not going home to see his family for the holidays?” Sam clearly does not get it.
Jack still has his hat balled up in two tiny fists and he’s giggling at it. Clair has managed to squirm around enough to get a firm grip on Santa’s beard. Santa gently pries her fingers loose and tries to shift her so she’s facing the camera and then Jack throws his hat. The elf picks it up and hands it back to him and he promptly drops it again and they repeat the action. Dean hovers a few feet away nervously. Every time Jack drops the hat he lunges forward to get it and Dean’s worried that he’s going to fall but Santa seems to have a pretty good hold on him and every time he lunges for the hat Sant’s hold tightens slightly to keep him from falling. Eileen is able to snap a few more pictures before Clair’s eyes zero in on her dad and she tries to lung for him. Santa catches her before she falls and Dean’s anxiety finally wins and he rushes over to scoop her up. Cas collects Jack and then tells the children to wave goodbye to Santa. He thanks them for visiting and then calls the next child up.
“Hey kid, I thought you went to the store with Cas.” Dean rubs at the sore spot on the back of his head.
“Yes, it’s company policy. You have to participate in the secret santa exchange at the christmas party.” She waves the bowl around again and he finally looks up at her.
“Wow, dude. You’re gonna be a dad.” Dean grins and pulls his little brother into a tight hug.
“Do you need me to slow down?” Eileen teases him as she glides gently into his side and grabs onto his arm. They make a few laps around the rink like that and Sam is man enough to admit, even if it’s only to himself, that Eileen’s steady grip keeps him upright once or twice when he starts to slip.
The therapist turns out to be legit and it feels like they’re back at square one. They head to the hospital in hopes of getting more information from the third victim but when they get there they find the guy dead in the middle of the parking garage. He looks like he’s been trampled by something with hooves.
“Sorry” Cas says groggily. “Jack woke up when Dean tried to put him to bed and he insisted on a bedtime story and one story turned into five and I guess we fell asleep.” Cas yawns and gives his husband a nudge.
“I missed you and I know I said I’d be hands off, but I figured it wouldn’t hurt to visit every now and then.”
“In a couple days. They wanna do a few more scans to make sure there isn’t any bleeding or swelling on the brain before they release him.”
“I . . . it, it wasn’t . . . “ Cas took a deep breath. “Yeah.” He really didn’t want to talk about this.
“I should get back to Kali, she’s pretty worried. Are you going to be ok? You could come with me.”
“Well I appreciated it Sam, and I’m sorry to hear about Dean’s accident.” Cas tried to sound casual.
“Yes.” Jack repeats and holds his hands out to his dad “Smell.” Dean leans down and sniffs the hand and it does indeed smell like the soap in the bathroom.
“Cas is working on a way to create sustainable housing in the city.” He says trying to drag the conversation away from the sensitive topic.
“He’s just a friend from school, I barely even know the guy.” Dean says a little defensively.
“No, Dean doesn’t really date.” Sam dismisses her comment offhandedly.
“Tell Sam what that creep did.” Charlie says into the phone.
“It can’t go anywhere Gabe. Mom and dad would never approve, She’s not... “ Cas searches for the right way to phrase it without giving even more away.
They don’t see Dean again that week and then it’s christmas eve and Cas finds himself at the mall with Jack, yet again, dragging him to the line for Santa.
“I don’t know, maybe we have the wrong address.” He pulls out the slip of paper he’d scribbled the guy’s information on and then his face flushes a deep crimson.
“Only if you want to.” Dean shrugs. He’s secretly pleased that Cas wants to impress his parents but he doesn’t want the guy to feel overdressed when they get there and find everyone else in regular clothes. He also doesn’t want the guy to get sauce on his nice shirt.
“Dean has it.” Sam whispers back. Cas leans over to Dean and repeats his question and a woman behind them loudly shushes them. Cas glares over his shoulder at her and Dean puts a gentle hand on his shoulder to remind him not to smite the other parents.
“I”m sorry Dean I… I was doing alright and then it just hit me that she’s really gone.” Cas gulps in a breath of air.
“He get a little fresh with you?” He asks her, clearly joking.
“They really know what they’re doing here and the kids loved it” she says.
Gabe bangs his head on the fridge shelf, Lucifer chokes on his drink and starts coughing, Michael drops his phone and Cas looks up so fast he probably got whiplash. They all stare at their father and then Gabe starts howling with laughter. Pretty soon Lucifer joins in and they're both gasping for breath. Cas cracks a smile but tries to hide it when Chuck asks why that’s so funny.
“There was an accident and nobody knew to call me to let me know she was in the hospital.”
“No problem. You two have a good day.” He waves and saunters off to grab a lid and straw for his juice. Cas looks at Jack’s cup and the dribbles of apple juice sliding down the corners of his mouth and wetting his shirt. He grabs a lid and straw for Jack too and then ushers him out the door.
“It’s christmas this weekend. He’s probably going to spend time with his family just like you and me are going to go visit grandma and grandpa.” Cas explains and Jack looks sad for a moment before he perks up.
------------
Cas: That would make things a lot easier…
The dinner guest arrived shortly after six thirty and Dean was pleasantly surprised to see a few familiar faces mixed in with the strangers. His buddy Garth was there with a pretty blond that Dean did not know but he found out that they’d only met one other time a few months back so even if he had his memories he might not remember her. She handed him a plate full of brownies and smiled sweetly at him. His best friend Benny came barging in with home made chili and his uncle Bobby and aunt Ellen were also there with their daughter Jo and her boyfriend Bryan. Dean didn’t know him but he seemed pretty nice. Their parents couldn’t make it, they were on a cruise somewhere in the Caribbean but they’d skyped a few times and offered to fly straight home after hearing of the accident. Dean assured them he would be fine and they shouldn’t cut their vacation sort. Dean was surprised, however, to see the gorgeous guy from his econ class on the other side of his door holding a pie.
“Dean, this is Castiel,” Cas says before he realises that he should clarify “Jack’s dad”
“Whoa whoa whoa, what! I’m not homophobic.” Sam looks rightfully offended.
A soft musical lilt fills the air and Cas groans. Kali is calling. Struggles to pull the phone out of his pocket without moving from his prone position on the bed.
Jack looks at Dean like he can see right into his soul and Dean has the sudden realization that he probably can. Then his gaze shifts over Dean’s shoulder and he smiles knowingly. Hope flairs in Dean’s chest and he struggles to shove it down again. He’s frozen in fear, fear that if he turns there will be nobody there, or it’ll be Sam. Fear that if he turns he’ll see Cas but it won’t be Cas or maybe it will be, and that thought sends a whole new wave of fear. What would he say? What would he do? Jack gives a slight nod and then stands up.
“No, I don’t know what to say to him ‘hi I know we’re not really close and I know I’m not supposed to know about you banging my brother but you’re both miserable so could you, maybe come over and talk to him?’ That would go over well”
“At our age don’t you think we should be above office gossip?” Cas thanked the young woman handing him his food and then turned back to Gabe.
“Sam has been complaining about not having a blender, since their last one got smashed. He can’t make his post run smoothies.” Cas suggests and Charlie types blender into the search bar. They scroll through and settle on a heavy duty one with lots of attachments and a high rating. They’re both trying to come up with something for Dean when the man in question saunters into the library.
“I don’t want orange juice.” Jack wailed as Cas tried to hand him the cup of juice and a bagel.
“Well of the two of us you’re the one with free hands so…” Dean gives him a pointed look.
“Oh, he uh, asked if I could help him find a mommy because his daddy really missed his mommy and it made him sad sometimes when he talked about her.” Tears well up in Cas’ eyes.
“They’re on some mission trip somewhere or something. Cas said they’ve never been really big on the holidays.” He explains, for the third time. He tries not to let his frustration seep into his voice. He knows his mother just doesn’t understand how another mother could  leave her child alone on Christmas. Even if that child is a grown man.
“Don’t they do a light show in the christmas village on the weekends too?” Cas asks while he takes a seat next to Dean and helps with the laundry.
“What’s in that one?” He asks.
“Clair what’s wrong?” Dean reaches over to put a hand on the girl’s shoulder and she shrugs him off. He looks back at his husband, hurt clearly evident in his eyes.
“Cas?” He says but Cas just shakes his head and leans in for another kiss. Dean turns his head and Cas moves to his neck and starts sucking a mark behind his ear before he’s pushed back again. Dean’s still gentle but a little more firm.
“No, don’t be. Sometimes things just don’t work out.” Dean doesn’t miss the sudden droop of Cas’ shoulders and sadness creeping into his voice. He incorrectly interprets the somber mood to mean that Cas is still upset about losing Hannah.
“A demon with horrible taste in music?” Dean guesses.
Jack runs into the room when he hears his uncle's voice and launches himself at Sam.
Cas gives Dean a questioning look but Dean is just as confused.
“Can’t we just go play in the snow for a minute?” Sam wheedles and gives his brother the biggest puppy eyes he can muster.
“I know but it's locked. That's why I'm calling you. Where is the key?” Her response sounds tired and a little exasperated.
“What if it scares them?” Dean says in a small voice and Cas looks at him perplexed.
“Jack’s class is next, do you have the camera ready?” Cas leans over to whisper to Sam.
“I’m sure she knows you tried your best Mr. Novak.”
In the morning she was bounced awake by her little brother jumping on her bed.
“And that’s how you make sugar cookies.” He tells the kid.”After they come out of the oven we gotta let them cool off for a bit but then we can put the frosting on.”
John comes in a second later, ruffling Sam’s hair as he walks past. “Hey boys glad you finally made it. I’m starving.” He chuckles and then notices Cas sitting at the table. “John Winchester.” He offers his hand to Cas. “You must be Dean’s friend.”
“It’s getting late.” Cas hedges and rocks back on his heels. He doesn’t really want to leave but he can’t think of a reason to drag this out any further.
Cas takes a deep breath and then motions for Dean to come in. “My mother had a heart attack.” Cas says quietly after the door is closed. He’s surprised at how calm he sounds.
Clair gets a new set of headphones from Alex and Donna gets a gift certificate to a spa from Patience. Sam and Dean chuckle at the strained smile on her face as she thanks the girl for the gift but when Jody gives them a questioning look they just shake their heads.
Sam leaves for class with hesitancy, not wanting to leave Dean alone all day. Dean assures him he’ll be fine and that he’s not a damn child that needs constant supervision. He especially doesn’t need his little brother hovering over him all day and fretting about every little thing he does. Dean briefly considers bodily, shoving Sam out the door when he expresses his concerns, for the third time, about leaving. Luckily Sam is smart enough to get the hint and leaves of his own volition.
“Yes you do. Kali said you were free till two. I even chose a place within walking distance so it’ll be fast.”
“Look, you can watch cartoons.” He tells Sam and then goes back to sharpening his pocket knife. Sam folds his arms across his chest and pouts, refusing to even look at the tv.
“The guest room” Dean says as if it’s the most obvious answer.
“Kids these days.” He says and Sam just nods.
“It should be fine.” Dean realises that he really doesn’t know what Cas likes or if he has any food allergies or dietary restrictions. “I’ll ask him” He adds just to be on the safe side.
So sorry it's taken so long to update. Just been really busy. Hope you like it:)
“A new knife.” Dean tries to act casual but Bobby can see the excitement behind the boy’s eyes.
The swish of fabric alerts him to the person standing behind him and he takes a steadying breath. He’s fighting a battle inside his head. He wants to turn but he doesn’t either. It’s like the cat in the box thing, Cas is both there and not there. And then two little words break the silence and Dean’s world crashes around him for a second before sliding into its proper place.
Sam: It’s a date
Sam and Jo’s boyfriend both laugh, one of them says: “He’s got a point.”
“Come on!” Jack pulled at her blankets and she tried to shove him away. That’s when her papa poked his head in the door and asked if everything was ok.
“Cas” he croaks after several minutes and he pulls back but keeps a tight grip on the lapels of Cas’ coat.. “Never leave me again. I don’t think I can survive losing you one more time.” He sniffs and smooths Cas’ coat nervously.
Clair was almost asleep when she heard the unmistakable sound of bells coming from outside. At first she thought it might be her papa coming home from the hospital but then she remembered him saying he wouldn’t be home until way after bedtime. Then it hit her.
“Just cause we’re two guys doesn’t mean our relationship is any less valid than yours.” Dean seeths. He never suspected that his brother would be homophobic but people can surprise you sometimes.
“I’m free next Saturday, pick me up around five?” She says and he quickly agrees. She pulls out her phone and asks him to enter in his contact info.
“I’m so glad you made it here safe.” She squeezes him one more time and then lets go. “We should eat not that everyone is here” she pats Dean on the shoulder and motions for everyone to follow her into the kitchen.
“Yeah, I’m here and no we’re not…” Dean starts to deny it but then he looks down and sees that Cas is awake. He’s propped his chin up on Dean’s chest and he’s looking at him curiously with bright blue eyes that are still a little red and puffy from crying. Fuck it Dean thinks. He’s tired of hiding. “Yes we’re back together.” Dean gently strokes his thumb across Cas’ cheek. Cas looks even more confused.
“Come on Cas we can’t let them get away with that. Start making snowballs.” He hurls his creation at his brother, hitting him in the shoulder.
“Maybe she’s showing him what she got you for christmas.” He guesses.
“What are we doing?” Sam asks excitedly and Dean leads him to the dumpster behind the motel.
Cas is awkwardly silent throughout most of the meal, and every time Dean tries to draw him into the conversation he blushes furiously and averts his gaze. Dean nudges his foot under the table to try and get his attention but that just seems to make him blush even more. After they finish eating and Dean and Sam have finished clearing up Dean pats his friend on the shoulder.
“Wow, that must be nice to have a job right out of school.” Mary said as she set a sandwich in front of him. “I have friends with kids fresh out of college and no job prospects because of this economy.”
“Why are you apologising to him?” Dean cuts in but Cas holds up a hand to silence him
“You look great, but you don't have to get dressed up. We're not doing anything fancy. Everyone else will be in jeans and tshirts.”
“Still sucks.” Gabe said and then dug into his own food.
“Dean, I think there's been a misunderstanding.” Cas cuts in. He can see that Sam’s genuinely confused about what’s going on.
“Uh, yeah.” He stammers.
“It’s a record” He tells Jack but the kid just looks at him like he’s spoken a foreign language so Sam elaborates. “It’s music and you play it on a record player.”
“Why are you whispering.”
“This is my brother Sam and our friend Charle.” Sam stares at them gobsmacked and Charlie appears to be vibrating with pent up excitement.
“How much you wanna bet that those hoof prints came from a reindeer?” Dean whispers to Sam while the police tape off the area and collect evidence. All the cars in the area are on and they’re all blasting Run Rudolph Run by Chuck Berry.
“I guess it’s time for a little family therapy.” Dean grins at his own joke and Sam rolls his eyes.
“Yeah sure just text me when you get here I’ll meet out in the parking lot.”
“There are five stockings.” Dean points at them and Sam looks up in confusion.
They do go back the next year and Sam’s son screams his head off when he sees Santa.
“You remember a few weeks ago, the relationship that I thought was going somewhere but then I got stood up?” He tries to keep it as honest as possible.
She slowly leans in and presses a gentle kiss to the tip of his nose and then to the corner of his mouth. “I’m sorry you fell.” She presses one more kiss to his lips and looks up at him with puppy eyes.
Jess: Mind if I join you? I hear they’re doing woffles.
Dean didn’t even try to hide his dislike for Castiel, everyone knew they didn’t get along.
“I don’t mind” the stranger assured him. Cas hesitated. He shouldn’t let his child drink something from a complete stranger but the man seemed so sincere and he’d stopped Jack’s tantrum dead in its tracks. Cas caught sight of the clock on the wall behind the man and internally cursed. He was so late.
When they get to the scene there’s a bloodied sheet over the woman’s body. She’s laying on the threshold of her boyfriend's house and there's a photographer taking pictures of her heart laying a few feet away. The boyfriend in question is sitting in his kitchen with a few police officers and Sam flashes his badge at them, asking if he and his partner can have a moment with the witness. The officers leave and Sam and Dean sit down at the table.
“Dad tilt the screen” Sam sighs at the view of his parents' foreheads. John moves the computer screen down and Sam can see their eyes now but the screen still needs to be tilted. He groans. Can’t they see that they’re not in the frame?
“Dean, you got me a puppy!” He beams at his boyfriend and then turns back to the puppy licking his face. “Hello beautiful, oh aren’t you just the sweetest.” He coos at the dog.
Once he’s got everything in the bowl Dean comes over and plugs in the hand mixer, showing Jack how to turn it on and mix the butter and cream cheese together.
The rest of the morning is spent looking at pictures and reading past text conversations. His boss told him he didn’t have to come in the rest of the week while he got his bearings back. He wished him well and expressed a hope for Dean’s memory to return before hanging up. Dean thought the man sounded nice but he still had no memory of him or any of his coworkers.
“Mmhmm” Jack hummed as he tried to pull the wrapper off his candy with his teeth. Cas grummaced and held his hand out for the candy cane.
“Yeah, I’d, uh I’d like that.” Cas stammers and then smiles at him.
“Have you ever thought that maybe he’s just shy and he’s still the new guy in the office so he really hasn’t had the time to get to know anyone. Plus he just moved here from Philadelphia so he not only has to deal with a new job and new coworkers but also moving and trying to make friends in a new city,” Charlie says angrily and Dean stares at her like she’s grown a second head.
“Oh!” Is all Dean says before the realization hits him and he surges forward to kiss Cas.
Sam plays the song on his phone after they leave and Dean grimaces at the lyrics.
Cas sighed after hanging up on his brother and turned to face the people in the other room only to find Dean standing behind him with a perplexed look on his face.
“You’re just being mean” Sam pouts again and Dean sighs. He’s not being mean, he’s being responsible.
“It’s not my fault if they can’t sleep through a little noise.”
“Oh, we were in New York.” Cas said without thinking. No one knew about Cas and Dean’s weekend trip to New York for Cas’ birthday. Dean had told Sam he was going to a work retreat up in some secluded mountain lodge and Cas had told his family he was flying to New York to meet with a big client. Which wasn’t a total lie. He did meet with the client but it wasn’t really something he needed to dedicate the entire weekend to and he’d talked Dean into coming with. They’d been disappointed because he had to work on his birthday and he wasn’t going to be in town but he assured him they could do the customary birthday dinner after he got home.
“Alright let me know if I need to change anything. It’s late notice but we can always whip something up or order something if we need to.”
“But what if he drops them? Clair can be quite a handful and if Jack is in one of his moods he’ll do that thing where he suddenly goes boneless. I’ve almost dropped him a few times when he’s done that because I wasn’t expecting it.”
“Sam, Dean and I are dating.” Cas tells him.
Mary and Sam give Dean identical looks of disappointment. As if he was the one that upset Cas. Dean turns to his dad who’s been suspiciously quiet the whole time. John shrugs and leaves the room. He’s never been good with feelings so he usually just lets Mary handle the emotional stuff. Dean looks back at his mom and brother.
“She’s not my girlfriend.” Sam reiterates.
When Sam called to invite Dean to his and Eileen’s for christmas part of Dean wanted to turn down the offer, but another part, the part that reminded him he hadn’t seen Sam in over two years, really wanted to accept. Dean and Sam had always been close but life happened. Sam married Eileen and then got an offer at a law firm in Cincinnati that he couldn’t turn down, so they’d moved, and Dean was still trying to get his business off the ground so he didn’t have time to go and visit them. Before they knew it, two years had passed and they’d only seen each other through a computer screen a handful of times. They still texted and called pretty regularly but again, life happened, they were busy.
“I thought so but I guess she didn’t feel the same.” It was only a partial lie.
“Well the deaths have all occurred in different parts of town so I don’t think it’s a spirit. I mean, most spirits are connected to a place so it’s less likely to be a spirit.” Sam tells him, just as they round a corner and see a lit up christmas tree.
“That decides it then. You need some good food.” Dean stands up and pulls Cas with him. “Unless you’re not comfortable meeting my family.” He adds as an afterthought. “Sorry I wasn’t trying to force you or…”
The parking lot is packed when they get there and they’re lucky enough to find a couple of open spots. The place looks like a winter wonderland with people dressed as elves walking around and a massive tree lit up in the center. They even have live reindeer. Mary is the one to spot Santa first.
“It’s happening, it’s finally happening.” She cheers and a few of the patrons turn to see what she’s going on about.
“Because Dean-o is Cassy’s boyfriend and he needed emotional support.” Gabe stumbles into the room with Lucifer and Michael behind him. He’s got another vodka tonic in his hand and gives them a goofy grin. Cas sighs and pinches the pride of his nose in frustration.
They look at each other and collectively agree that Dean, Jack and Cas should stay in the waiting room. Sam wheel’s Eileen down the hall behind the nurse.
“I don’t like the idea of an angel on top of the tree. They don’t watch over people like that and it just makes me feel weird.” Cas grumbles.
Dean stares at his phone in shock for a minute thinking he couldn’t have heard what he just heard.
“I want an elsa doll and a princess bike and for the new baby to not be a boy.” She tells him seriously.
“Only on first impressions. Once you get to know someone you’re pretty chill.” She tells him and then continues in the direction she was headed.
“Hey Cas, looks like I’m not the only one goin it alone tonight mind if I join you.” Cas startles and nearly drops his popcorn before staring blankly at Dean.
Eileen glides into the railing near the exit and looks back to see how far behind Sam is before she steps off the ice. He’s coming up pretty fast behind her. She gives him a wink and says “I won” and then she gingerly steps off the ice. Once her feet are on the solid ground she turns back to see where Sam is and can’t see him anywhere. She looks around confused because he was only a couple feet behind her. Then she looks down and sees all six foot four of him sprawled across the ice. He pushes himself up onto his hands and knees and pouts up at her. There’s blood gushing from his nose and she quickly helps him off the ice and to a bench. All the while trying to hold back her laughter.
“What do you mean? Why doesn’t anyone know?” Dean can think of a few reasons why he’d keep something like this a secret but he’s still a little angry at being misled so he chooses to feign ignorance.
“But you said you were going out again this Tuesday so there must be something to tell.” Mary prodded gently.
“Morning sunshine. Coffee?” Dean asks and Cas groans, taking the cup out of Dean’s hands and drinking half of it in one go. He’s lucky it’s cooled off a little while Dean and Sam were talking. Sam watches as his brother just stands there and grins at the man that stole his coffee.
“I said I loved it didn’t I?” He holds the scrap of fabric against his chest like he’s trying to protect it from Dean.
“What the hell man.” Dean says as they’re driving away.
“But there's only one bed” Sam says as if they don’t already know.
“Daddy’s making waffles and scrambled eggs. What do you say we go have some breakfast and then maybe you’ll feel a little better.” She reluctantly agrees but she clings to her papas hand like it's a lifeline the whole way to the kitchen. He periodically gives her worried glances but she’s not meeting his eyes.
“Ok.”
“And you’re ok with just handing our babies over to a complete stranger?” Dean looks a little agitated.
“Pretty good. What’s the plan for today?”
“I love you” he sighs after they break away from each other's mouths.
“Um, cancer, back in October. Poor kids, first their mom and now their dad”
“Well that puts a damper on things, Sam can’t cook to save his life. Would you be willing to settle for someone who’s related to someone who knows how to cook?” Dean asks in mock seriousness.
“I don’t know, Sam why did you bring up Cas?” Dean glares at his brother as if to silently convey a death threat if he reveals anything about what he may or may not know regardings Dean’s feeling toward Cas.
“Hell yeah it’s true.” Dean beams with pride.
“Care to elaborate?”
“Wow I’m surprised he actually came” Sam says.
“How’s your face?” She presses gentle fingers against his nose and notes a shallow cut across the bridge.
“A dinner party? What, are we some middle aged white ladies? You wanna throw a dinner party?” Dean stares at his brother like he’s lost his mind.
“Oh, um, thank you.” Castiel looks just as flustered as Dean feels. Dean takes that as a good sign and a surge of bravery washes through him. He seizes it before it slips away from him.
“We gotta find this witch before another person ends up dead.”
“I said ‘bullshit’ Cas. You’re just making up excuses. What’s the real reason? Why didn’t you tell me?” Dean knows he’s being a little harsh, he can see Cas’ logic but he can also see that there’s something Cas isn’t telling him.
“Does this look ok? Do I need to wear slacks?” He holds his arms out and does a half turn.
“Wonderful! Who are you here with?” he asks her and she points over at her parents.
“Ok” he says and takes a tiny step closer.
Castiel gives him a shy smile and nods “I’d like that.”
Jack still went to school and played at the park, he liked cookies and hated broccoli. He threw tantrums and loved watching scooby doo on saturday mornings with Dean. And in the morning, after everyone was awake and fully caffeinated they were going to pick out a christmas tree and decorate it together because that’s what families do. Even unlikely families like the one they’d formed.
“I want to but I don’t want to push him. I want him to tell us when he’s ready.”
“Oh come on you seemed like pretty good friends to me. He talked about you all the time. Even after the project was completed and turned in.”
. . . . . . . .
“Who’s gone?” Cas’ mind starts running through everyone Gabe could be talking about. Trying to grasp what he means.
“I already talked to those other officers.”
“Do you feel sick?” He places the back of his hand against her forehead and then gently prods at the glands in her neck to see if they’re swollen. She brushes his hands away and shakes her head.
Gabriel is sprawled out across his couch when he gets home. Cas groans as he locks the door and considers not even asking and just going to bed but Gabe speaks before he can.
The next time Castiel looks up he sees that Dean is gone and he’s itching to ask Anna what they were talking about. He almost asks her when she drops off some files later that afternoon but chickens out. He’s never been one for office gossip and he doesn’t know what he’d say to her if she asked why he wanted to know.
“Is Cas the girl you went out with?” Mary asks confused.
His coworker, Jessica, seemed to know how much he loathed peppermint and made it her mission in life to make him miserable. It was like she had a sixth sense for which customer would want peppermint whatever and then before they got to the register she’d somehow disappear, leaving him to take the order.
“Really, man?”
But the angel gripped his shoulder, tears streaming down his face, and shoved Dean away. In the few minutes of shock, the mere seconds as the Empty grabbed Castiel and Death, and disappeared, all Dean could think was
He grabbed his jacket and keys.
“You look me in the eyes, Dean Winchester, and tell me you don’t want me.”
“Cas, there’s something I need to tell you.” Those blue eyes snapped up, swinging between hope and disappointment. “I should have told you a long time ago. I-” Dean stepped forward, a hand on Cas’s cheek, the words faltering on his lips. “I lov-” The viscous black goo suddenly enveloped the entirety of Castiel, and Dean staggered back.
The Empty was decided less entertained now. “Work fast, Dean Winchester. The longer they’re awake, the harder it will be to put them back to sleep.” It spun around and disappeared into an inky mass of a portal.
How was he supposed to process all of this? His best friend, the man he loved, had loved for a long time but resigned to a friendship, loved him back, and now was going to die for it.
“How do I know you’re…”
“Cas?”
“What’s there to talk about? We saved the world, we got everyone back, hell, our kid’s God now, did you ever see that coming?” he chuckled, opening another bottle.
“Aww, I knew you’d come around. Castiel didn’t think you would make a deal to save him, in fact he was hoping you wouldn’t.” The Empty lit up as if from a new idea. “Why don’t you tell him the good news personally?”
Dean turned and placed his hands on the trunk of the car. Felt the metal. Something to ground him.
“Thanks.”
“Dean,” the angel said imploringly. “I didn’t want you to make another deal.”
“And when you needed me to say something, I just stood there like an idiot. Let you be taken. Didn’t even do anything to stop you. You saved me, Cas. You saved the world. And we beat Chuck. Jack is the new God now. I wish you could see him, Cas. I’m proud of our kid.”
Dean just wanted to drive into the night, windows down, jamming to some Zeppelin tunes with Lee. One night, they were parked in an empty clearing, the two of them silent while the song played in the background. Finally, Lee broke the silence. “So, your dad and Sam, huh?”
“You’ll kill me and everyone I love, yadda yadda.” The Entity cocked an amused head. “Except I can’t be killed and I don’t love anything. So what
As Dean toppled to the ground, a shrill ringing in his ears, he could make out “Does that feel real to you?”
“You think I don’t want to, Sam? If there was anything we could do, I would-” His throat tightened. “There’s no way into the Empty, and you can’t bring it here unless it’s summoned. And since every angel or demon we know hates us, there’s no way of getting there. It’s hopeless.”
They scrambled away from each other, but it was too late. The yells and crashing furniture nearly got the cops called on them. Lee grabbed his jacket and left. Dean didn’t stop him.
Lee Webb was a hunter like him. John even liked him. His fighting skills were unparalleled, as were his wits. He had an easygoing aura about him, and him and Dean were fast friends. Sharing drinks and women, the pair spent most of their free time together watching old westerns and sometimes, when John was nice, he let them take the Impala and drive out.
Dean’s head throbbed with pain and his hand shook as he pulled out his phone and called his brother. “Sammy” he said. “I saw Cas. And the Empty. Yep. Yeah.”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” he smiled cheerily. “We defeated Chuck, everyone’s back. I even have a dog.” Dean gave a quick whistle and Miracle leapt onto his bed, sending papers flying everywhere and knocking the phone from Dean’s hand.
His fists clenched and unclenched. The bottle in his hand threatened to shatter from his grip. Instead, he hurled it, watched it smash against the barn wall. He grabbed the rest of the bottles and flung them all into one corner, a puddle of white foam growing beneath a bed of shattered glass. His knees seemed to give way as he collapsed against the Impala, a sob escaping his lips. “I wish you were here.”
“I’ll do it.”
!” Sam exploded. “We lost Cas, we lost Jack, who’s now floating off in the cosmos somewhere with the Darkness, and I don’t want to lose you too.”
“I’m sorry.”
When the rest of the hunters started going on cases and Sam resumed his leadership roles, it was like Dean could breathe again. Walk around his own home without being assailed by strangers. He cared for the hunters, but not in the way Sam did. They could never be as close to him as Sam was, as Eileen was, as their Bobby and Charlie had been. As Cas had been. Damn it, he was going to get Cas back if it killed him. He didn’t deserve to go out like that, not after all he’d done for them.
The first time Dean kissed a girl, he was sixteen.
“You really are desperate, aren’t you?”
Castiel gripped him tight and raised him from perdition. So it was kind of amusing that the first thing Dean did on seeing him was to stab him. To no effect.
Dean considered his options. He really didn’t have any. Save Cas, or leave Cas to die. Wasn’t much of a choice. At least now he had a chance to rescue him.
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
“Yeah, well, I didn’t want my best friend dragged to the Empty right after he said he loved me, so.” Cas’s eyes were averted at the mention of the confession.
“He loved me. He’s gone because of me.”
He lay his head against the car door, the cool metal tickling his neck. Eyes closed, the memories played back again.
It shrugged. “You see, I made deals with celestials, but they never seem to work out. The Big G, Billie. They pretend to respect my power, but in the end, they just muck it up and leave. But you, you’re human. You don’t have any idealistic goals, and you’re not powerful enough to disobey me. No, you-” It swayed uncomfortably close to Dean. “You just want to live the rest of your tiny, boring life with your loved ones. I can give you that. All I want is to sleep.”
The comments antagonistic angels and demons made on their relationship did not escape his notice. Hah. Fat chance of that happening. Castiel was an angel. A being for whom eternity passed in a blink of an eye. Who still had no idea what Scooby Doo was, or why humans made small talk. So even if he had made out with a demon or had sex with a reaper, he wouldn’t understand the concept of romantic love. It wasn’t that Dean was really against the idea, it was just that it was impossible, and what was the point in hoping for something that could never be?
Dean only glared, a trail of blood trickling down his face.
Nothing worked out.
“Oh, save that for the honeymoon, handsome.” The Empty’s wide-toothed grin was a grotesque caricature of his best friend. “You carry out your part of the deal, and I will let you have this silly little angel, capiche?”
Dean saw some of himself in Castiel. A ruthless soldier with a compassionate side, for whom duty always came first. And yet, after millennia of loyalty to an absent God, Cas chose the Winchesters. Dean couldn’t abandon his father even though he’d followed him for only a fraction of that time.
And then he would wake in a cold sweat, Miracle would curl up to him, but it wasn’t enough, it never would be enough. Cas never had a chance to be truly happy. The moment he did, he was dragged to a fate worse than death. Worse still, he never got to know how Dean felt. Or maybe he did know, maybe he understood what those longing looks, those thinly veiled jokes, the innuendos had meant. Maybe he’d known all along. That didn’t mean he got to just up and abandon Dean after dropping a bombshell like that. He couldn’t do that.
Hugging Miracle closer to him, holding back the tears that threatened to fall, he instead waited, hoping for something to work out. Something had to go right. Burying his face into the dog’s furry neck, he shut his eyes. And prayed.
There was only a tired smile in reply, but that was all he needed. He practically ran to the angel and crushed him in a tight hug. If this was real, it sure was a miracle. There was so much he wanted to tell Cas, he needed to tell him. But he couldn’t bring himself to let go.
“I did.”
“You’re the Empty.”
Dean recoiled in horror. The voice, it was Cas’s voice, but it was nothing like him. Like an alien being attempting to imitate him. The face, the body, it all looked the same. But that sneer, that disjointed way of moving, that wasn’t Cas. Dean had seen enough of other beings parading in his best friend’s form to tell something was wrong. This wasn’t a dream. It was a nightmare.
“Give back Cas first.”
Admittedly, the inspiration for this fic came from 'the rhyme of salvation' by LymeandCoconut, which, if you haven't read, go do it now! It's very well-written and their ideas are so great.
“What am I doing here? How did I-” Comprehension dawned. “Damn it Dean, you made a deal?!”
“So, big guy, wanna give that another go?”
“What, you thought I didn’t notice? Boy, you were so obvious you should have slapped my ass and taken me to the men’s bathroom.”
He pulled the duffel onto his shoulders, then with a quick glance around, pulled Dean in for a final, lingering kiss. When he pulled back, Dean’s green eyes were looking anywhere but at him. When Lee walked off to the road to hitch a ride, Dean watched from the motel doorway. John was also watching him from the Impala, appearing to be calm on all counts but Dean could see the rage in him. He always could.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t say anything, Cas.” He sat on the hood of the car, whispering to himself. “I…I don’t know why I didn’t. I mean, I know, I’ve always known.” His hands gripped a beer bottle, but they were trembling too much to open it.
“You did slap my ass.” pointed out Dean.
Then John came back, and she became just that – a first kiss, a distant memory. He could never let anyone, not Robin, not Sonny, not a happy, hunter-free life keep him from being Sam’s protector. Every day of happiness at Sonny’s was undercut with a pang of guilt at leaving Sam alone with John. He could live with his own discontent, but he could never let Sammy be unhappy.
“I want you to say
When Cas came back from the dead and regained his memories, Dean couldn’t bring himself to hate him. In every fucked-up circumstance, all Cas wanted to do was help them. Even when they were in Purgatory, fighting for their lives, Cas led the monsters away from him. Dean didn’t care. Castiel was his best friend and the only person he loved as much as Sam.
Dean swallowed. His distress was apparent, but Lee didn’t back off.
you do, Dean?”
Cas held both of Dean’s hands in his own, caressing them. Bringing the tirade to an end. Calming the stormy sea that was Dean Winchester’s emotions. “I forgive you.”
“How did you get out?” Dean didn’t know if he was dreaming. If he was, he wished he’d never wake up.
“Don’t look so shocked. I’ve seen you checking my ass out more than once.”
This chapter is pretty similar to the first fic I wrote, but here Dean hasn't confessed to Cas yet. Also the next chapter is a little different :)
Dean’s first boyfriend was Lee.
“What a clever boy.” It ruffled a startled Dean’s hair. “No wonder Castiel’s so in love with you.”
Their first kiss was awkward, as teenage kisses are. Where was your tongue supposed to go? How long were you supposed to stare into each other eyes, dreaming of a future that could be?
to work out.
An angel. There were some days where he could scarce believe it. He had actually given Sam hell for believing in them a few years ago. And they were there all along. Watching over him. He was angry, at first. What did he care for heaven’s plan? They wanted to use him and Sammy to reenact the Apocalypse. Puppets in a theatre. He didn’t expect a billion year old being to understand.
For a second, Dean hesitated. Then he stripped off his t-shirt and climbed on top of Lee.
“You think so?”
When his dad left him to rot in jail, he was angry. Sad. Worried. What would Sammy do without him? Would John ever come back for a disgrace like him?
Cas smiled. “I’ve been losing my power for some time. I don’t know why. By the time the Empty took me, I was nearly human. It held on to me for as long as it could, but in the end, it threw me out.”
Dean barely remembered reaching the place. All he could recall was getting in the Impala, whizzing past every other car on the highway. At some point he stopped at a gas station to buy a six-pack of beers. And now he was here. Where it all began.
Sam’s protests went unheard as Dean slammed the door on the way out.
So he was going to fight, and research, and everything he could possibly do. He called up Garth, met up with Jody and her girls. Met a psychic who turned out to be a scam artist. Tried to contact Anael (She wouldn’t even come within five feet of him and flipped him off on text). Half the people he talked to hadn’t even heard of the Empty. And every night when he went to sleep, if he wasn’t blackout drunk, always ended up with the same dream.
The figure of Cas shuddered as the inky liquid slid from his face and disappeared into him.
“We could ask Jack. Pray to him. I know he said he’s hands-off, but I think this is a special case.”
John had left them in Indiana for a month. They had been going to this shitty school. He’d been having make-out sessions in the supply closet with this cute blonde. He didn’t even remember her name. But she was popular, and he found himself at a party with her. Drunk on cheap beer, in a circle as a bottle spun between them. It was basically an excuse for inebriated and horny teens to make out with everyone. Dean didn’t care. Every girl here was the same to him. The bottle stopped spinning.
But Cas did. He listened to Dean’s concerns, to his fears, to his outbursts. He quickly accepted the nickname given to him, and he began to know humanity. To Dean, this wasn’t an unknowable celestial being, he only saw a young man with spiky dark hair and blue eyes, and he treated him as such. And when he was forced to choose a side, Castiel chose Dean.
The Empty threw back its head and laughed. “Look at you, holding none of the cards and still think you call the shots. I could place a finger right here-” it pointed right at Dean’s heart. “-and consume you whole.”
Sam tried, but there’s only so much comfort you can offer to a man who wasn’t ready to accept his loss. And so whenever he saw Dean with a six-pack under his arm, or a Men of Letters book on the Empty, he said nothing. When there was suddenly a dog in Dean’s room that he’d named Miracle, that he cuddled and fed scraps off the plate (Sam pretended not to see, but he always knew), he smiled for the one thing that made his brother happy.
“Really, what?” The words came out of Dean’s throat like he was choking. His mouth was dry like sandpaper, but all the bottles next to him were empty so he got up to get more.
“What?” Sam was confused.
“You okay?”
John came back to the motel one night, angry and drunk as all hell, as was custom for him ever since Sammy left for college. What he discovered was a sleeping Dean and Lee, in each other’s arms. They weren’t even naked, just cuddling on the bed, passed out after watching TV and drinking beer. If John opening the door hadn’t awoken them as it usually did, his slam certainly did.
Dean looked on in horror as the Entity gestured to its form of Castiel. “Oh this? This isn’t a fashion choice. I just thought he would be the most appropriate vessel to use. Take this as a gesture of good will.”
Dean awoke to a sudden thud. His throbbing headache made it hard to figure out what the hell was going on. As he rubbed the sleep out of his eyes, he managed to make out a Sam in front of him, hands on his hips like a disappointed father. The gigantic book on which he was lying and the countless bottles around him led him to the conclusion that he had passed out again, and Sam was the alarm clock.
The kiss was quick and chaste. Dean made a show of wiping his mouth right after, but he couldn’t get the taste out of his mouth. And he really didn’t want to. He left the party soon after, but the feelings remained. And he hated it. He tried to drive it out.
“Dean Winchester. I’ve learned a lot about you, you know. The last time Castiel was with me, he wouldn’t shut up about how the Winchesters needed him. Yammer, yammer, he was so very annoying. But we made a deal, now he’s nice and quiet, and I should have been able to sleep. All before Billie sent that child to me and made everyone loud.” The expression changed from amusement to anger, and Dean knew exactly who he was dealing with.
Something
“How are you here?” Dean was greatly regretting not bringing the angel blade. He had a gun, but what use was that against a cosmic entity?
“It’s not your responsibility to make the both of them happy, you know. It’s theirs.”
“Dean.”
The first time Dean made love to a man, he was twenty-one.
Dean had tried, Dean had hinted, but it was evident from the replies that Cas saw him as a friend, his first friends. So maybe his social skills were not up to par, but Dean was comfortable, he was happy if Cas was content to be his friend. He sure as hell did not have many of those still around.
Dean’s hand gripped the front of Lee’s shirt, and for a moment it wasn’t clear if he was going to punch him or kiss him. Then he yanked him forward, closing the distance between them with his lips. His hand gripped that long, dark hair, the other slowly easing off Lee’s flannel shirt.
The Empty seemed to enjoy Dean’s pained expression. “Don’t be silly, of course I know. I’ve been in Castiel’s head, and I saw you, when I pulled him back as part of our deal. You were gaping like a goldfish.” It giggled.
The words were familiar, the voice even more. Dean whirled around.
“You’re going on a hunt alone?”
When Dean looked up from the fridge, his eyes were brimming. “I’ve been trying, Sammy. To save him.”
did. Your longing, your pining for the angel. It was like a beacon, pointing straight to you. I could have ignored it, of course, but there’s something I want. Something that you can give me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I read about Dean rescuing Cas from the Empty, and I realized that I wanted to see Empty!Cas meet Dean. I'm sure there are more fics like that, but I wanted to write this so much!
The way they were sitting, it should have been impossible for the bottle to point between two guys, but it happened. The mouth of the bottle facing Alex, the charismatic jock. The bottom at Dean.
“No. So let’s do this.”
“I prayed to him. He tried, the kid really did. But the Empty apparently told him to fuck off. That it wasn’t interested in any more deals.” Dean stared wistfully at the empty fridge. He really needed more beer.
A few months later, John came upon Dean kissing a girl. He huffed and curtly told the younger Winchester “Let’s go”, but there was an almost-imperceptible sigh from him. Almost. Dean never kissed another man again. Even after John’s death, he couldn’t go past an appreciative glance or a flirty conversation with another man. Not until he met him.
“Cas, I didn’t know, I’m so sorry.”
“I- I mean– I’m-”
“It’s been three weeks, Dean. You have to talk to me.”
“I love you.”
Dean slowly freed his hands and let them rest on either side of Castiel’s face. Let his thumb graze across the grainy stubble. Gripped that shock of dark hair and kissed him. Let his arms wrap tight around his love and hold him as close as he could, and never let go.
“Dean?” The voice, the concern, that gentle head-tilt. It could only be him.
Dean fists clenched, but he sighed through gritted teeth. “Yeah. I don’t know what to do man, it’s like he keeps picking fights just to rile Dad up.”
Then it sucked right back into the finger and Dean could breathe again. He couldn't believe that Cas had felt that once, and still made a deal to go back. To save Jack. And now it was all he would be feeling. Forever.
One night he was thumbing through his phone’s gallery with photos of Cas, with a heavy Men of Letters tome on the Empty on the other side of the bed. Sam knocked at the doorframe.
(See the end of the chapter for
The underlined parts are used to denote movie dialogue.
“Come again?”  Dean asked incredulously.
Dean spent the next few days trying to pull Sam out of his funk.  But, it seemed like their little emotional moment in the hospital was weighing more heavily on the younger Winchester than Dean had realized.
He didn’t bother with a shower; he simply splashed some cold water on his face and brushed his teeth.  It served to make him feel at least marginally human.  And more than that, he attempted to brace himself for the shitstorm coming his way today.
Sam watched his brother in question for a moment before nodding in agreement.  “Right, night Bobby, Dean.”  He said simply before treading heavily up the stairs and to his own room.
His throat became dry and he paused occasionally to sip at his drink, though it had long since cooled.  It took longer this time around, or maybe it just felt that way.  He had three sets of eyes on him and while they were family, they were all still judging.  After he had finished, he continued to stare into his drink.
Castiel had to admit that the plot of the movie was preposterous.  A group of men called “The Lone Rangers” breaking into a building to have their music played?  It seemed ridiculous to him.  How could there be more than one ranger when the word “lone” implies a solitary figure?  He was doing his best to do as Dean had suggested and enjoy it for what it was, but he was having a difficult time understanding some of the references and motivations.  Dean had chattered at him a few times to explain certains points but for the most part he had simply grinned like a loon and laughed uproariously at the jokes.  Castiel caught him mouthing along to the lines a few times silently, so it was apparent Dean had seen this more than a few times.
“Of course not.” Dean sighed heavily. “So, this is a forever type situation? What the hell are you going to do with me? Feed me to your young or something?”
Dean thought in irritation.  As if the thought itself conjured the creature, a bang echoed throughout the house.  Dean stood immediately and looked around in suspicion.
They eventually reached the bay doors of the ER and Dean was quick to usher Sam into the waiting room.  Most of the staff of the hospital was at least marginally familiar with the brothers.  They were here frequently enough that their faces were recognizable if nothing else.
He stood slowly and carefully turned in a slow circle, watching the area with shrewd eyes. He had weapons in the trunk if he needed them, though he may not have time to reach them he realized angrily. He'd grown lax in recent years apparently. He turned another slow circle.
He ran a shaking hand through his hair. “I need to get some fucking sleep.” He whispered to himself. If he went home now, he could catch a few hours before he needed to be back at the hospital. Hopefully, once he had some proper sleep he could tell Sam all about this ridiculous fever dream he'd just had. He shook his head and made his way slowly back to the Impala.
After he’d settled, Dean focused on the direction they were heading.  He had missed this hallway when he’d first set out and while he wasn’t sure how that had been possible, he could tell now that it was just two more turns until he was back where he had started.
Cas’s deep and frightening voice resonated around them like a clap of thunder.
Castiel tilted his head at him curiously but waited for Dean to continue.
Dean rubbed a hand against his temple and blinked a few more times at the stranger.  “Uh, yes?”
Unbidden, a voice from a few nights before drifted across his consciousness.
A reader kindly asked me on the last chapter a couple of questions that I had apparently forgotten to address!
How the Hell had they gotten in here?  Dean looked in surprise over at Castiel and couldn't understand how the large bird could fit inside the room.   In fact, looking at the image of the bird superimposed on the walls of the room was making him dizzy and he turned away from the sight quickly.  His stomach was in knots already from the lights and change of scenery, and he didn’t think Castiel would appreciate him ralphing all over his wings.
Sam yelped in pain before shouting angrily after his older brother.  “God dammit, Dean!”
They migrated to the living room as it was more comfortable.  It took several hours and a few frustrated and disbelieving noises before Bobby and Sam were satisfied with his explanation.  He had left out quite a bit just to be safe, and neglected to mention that he wasn’t home TO STAY, but he would get around to it.  He needed a break for now anyway.
Based on the few items that were scattered around the debris on the floor, Dean was guessing that this place used to be a church or something.  And now that he could see her crazy ass, he could tell she was wearing a habit so she had apparently been a nun or something.  Whatever she was, she was NOT happy that he was here.
“Excuse me.”  John said gruffly, before rising from his seat and walking stiffly out of the room.  Dean listened as his father’s heavy boots stomped through the living room and out of the front door.
“Now then,”  Bobby lifted a wrinkled bag from somewhere and the smell of grease permeated the room.  “I know the food here ain’t worth a lick, so how about we forget your lungs for a while, boy and clog your arteries instead?”
He fished around in his bag and pulled out the meager toiletries he’d brought with him.  He’d spied a towel hanging off the side of the copper tub earlier so that settled that.  He placed his toothbrush and toothpaste on the edges of the clay sink built into the wall of the bathroom.  He tested one of the knobs at its edge to verify that it did indeed have running water.  He reached his hand under the steady stream and splashed it across his face.  It was cool on his skin and he closed his eyes to focus on the sensation.  There were tears coming, not yet, but they were on the horizon.  He would make the best of this situation, but he was essentially a prisoner here, he’d given up his freedom for his brother.  It was an easy trade, but Dean still needed to mourn the life he’d just lost.
“Come on, you'll probably outlive us both, Bobby.” Sam wheezed in an attempt at humor. “Me for sure.”
It took him a moment to fully take in Cas’s appearance, joyous as he was to see him.  But when Cas didn’t respond, he noticed the awkward way that Cas was standing and that one of his wings was dragging a little lower than normal.  He frowned and approached the bird carefully.
“The fuck does that mean? Need me for what?” Dean snapped.
Sam was released from the hospital a few days later.  He had a prescription for a strong antibiotic and had received a stern lecture from Pam about taking care of himself.  They’d tried to keep things light while Sam had been there.  He and Bobby made jokes and teased each other like they always did.  Sam didn’t seem to enjoy it like he usually did though.  He’d been more withdrawn and a little more bitter than Dean had ever seen him.  The conversation they’d had about their fears was always in the back of Dean’s mind.  As was his conversation with Castiel about curing Sam.
He searched a couple of the built-in cabinets before finding a glass.  He snatched it quickly and filled it to overflowing with water from the sink.  He downed the glass in one long gulp and poured himself another.  He drank three before he felt satisfied.  His fourth glass he held and turned towards Castiel with a frown.  Holy shit, he had been parched!  And while that didn’t immediately cure his migraine, he knew this would keep it from getting worse at the very least.
The bizarre air currents that licked at his cheeks had also changed from cool and biting to something warmer and drier.  He closed his eyes again as the feeling of it was drying his eyes out.  Surely they would reach their destination soon?  He didn’t know anything about birds, especially not mythical, no one’s ever heard of them birds.  But, he DID know that there weren’t any birds at the South Pole.  He frowned and racked his brain for a moment.  Well, he didn’t THINK there were any birds at the South Pole.  Fuck, he should have paid more attention in school.
Dean lifted his head and frowned at the opposite wall.  Maybe there was something he could do…
“Cas! Buddy, I don’t even know what to say!  Thank you!  Thank you!”  Dean said with a laugh and another squeeze of his arms.
Dean paused again. This thing could heal Sam? No, of course it couldn't. He shook his head to clear his thoughts. This was a ploy, just like any other, this thing just had a better bargaining chip than most. Normally, these things offered riches and women, fame and glory, everlasting life or any of the other things people dreamed of. No, it was a tactic.
Dean stood quickly and scrubbed a hand over his face.  He turned towards Castiel with a firm resolve on his face and nodded to the bird once.  He stepped across the hall to grab his bag quickly  and clenched his fists at his sides firmly.  He met Castiel’s eyes and frowned.  “Okay, I’m ready.”
. Cas uttered without further preamble.
Dean had managed to avoid him so far, and John had been unsuccessful, but Dean had a feeling his father would find a way eventually.  He would likely become more persistent as Dean’s time with them drew closer to an end.  It made him nervous and even more so with Cas’s warning still ringing loudly in his ears.
From the corner of his eye, Dean watched as Sam’s large form stepped around John and in front of Dean, where he still sat in his chair.  The big brother in him wanted to tell Sam not to do this, to sit back down so he wouldn’t face John’s wrath.  The scared little boy in him encouraged him to stay where he was though.
The bird that Dean had almost convinced himself he’d made up was standing in the doorway.  It was larger than he even remembered and he recoiled slightly in surprise.  The bird lowered it’s head to peer at him through the door and Dean met its eyes levelly.  A strange sense of calm washed over him and he trembled slightly.
Dean and Castiel stared at one another for a few moments before Dean’s lip curled in disgust and he turned his back on the large animal.  So what if Castiel could kill him with a thought.  Dean wasn’t going to start pandering to his bullshit because of it.
“Then your beer will be the right temperature.”  Bobby gruffed and gestured for Dean to take a can from the open box in the small snow drift to his left.
They lived near Horseshoe Bay in Vancouver and Sam made the commute almost everyday to UBC, an absolutely massive school, to audit classes.  Dean had been to the campus a couple of times and had felt completely overwhelmed every time, the place was so large it was like it’s own city.
Dean shrugged to himself before entering Sam's ICU room. They should get membership cards to this place, it felt like a second home at this point since they were here almost monthly.
“Well, my computer is in my room.  How comfortable is it for you to stand?  I don’t imagine you could like, sit on a couch or bed or something?”
Dean breathed a sigh of relief as they managed to get all the way down without injury.  They walked slowly out of the house and Dean managed to lock the door behind them with one hand.  He helped Sam to the passenger side of the Impala and all but leapt over the hood to reach his door.  Sam rolled his eyes at Dean dramatically before he started coughing again.
“How about you?  How was work?”  Sam asked politely.  He’d settled himself in a beat-up stool at the kitchen island and was leaning on his elbows.
“John…”. Bobby interrupted gruffly.
“Stop… staring at me.”  Sam said quietly from the bed.  He opened an eye and looked at Bobby before turning it onto Dean.  “You heard Pam… you can… yell at me tomorrow.”
Dean Winchester didn’t run away, he was a man, tough as nails, and a Hunter.  But, he could get on the hot foot out of a sticky situation if necessary.  He scooted around the inside perimeter of the building and leapt over a fallen beam.  He’d lost his pipe and so was without a weapon for the moment.
Castiel was silent for a moment.  Dean was annoyed with his comment.  He’d been doing his best to keep upbeat about this whole situation, he’d even gone out of his way to ignore the fact that he’d just given up his entire fucking life to be here.  And now this asshole wanted to tell him it was nice that he was here?  Fuck that.
He didn’t wait to see Bobby’s response before his feet were moving forward again.  He found the nearest stairwell and all but threw himself down the steps.  He needed to be outside.  He just needed to get some fucking air!  His feet tripped over themselves and he almost tumbled down the last flight of stairs.  He probably scared the shit out of the people and staff on the bottom floor as he all but sprinted out of the doors and towards the parking lot.
“See you tomorrow, bitch.”  Dean managed to squeak out through a throat that was slowly closing on him.  Sam gave him a strange look from his position on the bed and Dean did his best to ignore it.
Sam narrowed his eyes at his brother and tapped an irritated finger roughly against the table in thought.  “I know we’ve been over this before, but I can’t for the life of me understand how you can so easily brush all of that aside.  Vampires and werewolves can be real but angels are out of the question?  God can’t exist?”
Dean made an “Ah!” face. He had been wondering how long it would take for them to get around to the reciprocity section. Nothing was ever free, especially miracle cures. “Which is?” Dean prompted.
Dean continued to stand awkwardly for another minute before he finally decided to make a move.  “Ok, look, we need to talk.”  He said before taking a seat in the armchair adjacent to the couch.
Dean blinked in surprise at that.  He shook his head a little and leaned in closer to Cas as if he hadn’t heard him.  “Come again?”  He asked, his voice a little more shrill than he’d intended.
Dean could definitely hear a note of pride in the bird’s voice.
Sam was looking at him with a broken expression on his face.  His cheeks were flushed with anger and his eyes were shiny with tears.  Dean’s hands were shaking violently and he blinked rapidly a few times, trying to hold back his own tears.  There wasn’t anything to say, there wasn’t anything to do.  Dean hadn’t made peace with Sam’s diagnosis for the last 14 years, but that didn’t mean that Sam hadn’t.  Sam knew what his next few years would look like, it was just Bobby and Dean who were pretending like they would be different.  Impotent fury rolled through him.  There wasn’t anything he could do!  He could joke and he could comfort until the sun burned out, but it wouldn’t change anything.  Sam was going to die, they both knew it, it was only a matter of time.
He gasped a deep breath into his chest and felt himself shaking against the cool air of the summer night.  Sam’s body might be failing but Dean's soul was withering slowly inside of him.  Once Sam… Once Sam finally lost his battle against time, Dean would too.  Without Sam, there wouldn’t be anything left inside of him to continue moving the husk of his own body around.  Dean wouldn’t have a reason to get out of bed, he wouldn’t have any desire to greet each new day, no motivation to go to work, there would be nothing for him to do.  Why would he even bother?  Sam was dying and so was he.
Cas shuffled his wings against his back and seemed to think to himself.
Dean thought with a shrug. The jokes weren't ever particularly funny, but it was a coping mechanism for him.
Castiel’s strange bird face frowned and seemed to consider Dean’s words for a moment.  He shuffled his wings against his back and proceeded to speak without preamble.
“Alright!  You have a preference on what we watch?”  Dean asked as he turned and made his way back into the hallway and towards his room.
“Well?”  Bobby prompted him with raised eyebrows.
“Are you in some kind of trouble?  If you are, you know you can tell me-”
“What do we do?”  Sam asked, a note of tension in his voice.  Likely worry for Dean and his welfare.
Now that the hysteria had left him, he could think over the events of the night objectively.  Pam had said that Sam had likely had a lung infection for weeks, which meant the little shit had been keeping it to himself and lying to Dean about it.  Why the hell would he do that?  He knew how easily something like that could turn dire.  He’d been there for all the talks, all the discussions, he KNEW all it would was one untreated infection, one bad bout of the flu, pneumonia, almost anything attacking his already immuno-compromised system and… that would be it.  Why would he lie?  Why would he keep it from Dean?
“...what?”  Sam asked in disbelief.
Cas rolled his eyes but selfishly, he was enjoying the attention.  How long had it been since someone touched him for pleasure?  Touched him with the intent to heal and not to harm?  He couldn’t even remember.  And from what he COULD remember, it didn’t feel like this.  It didn’t feel like large warm hands soothing the aches of his body and his mind.  He allowed his eyes to close for a moment to try and memorize the sensation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sammy?”  Dean yelled loudly as he entered the house.  His hands were full of shopping bags, reusable ones so Sam wouldn’t bitch at him about the environment, and he was having trouble navigating the entryway with them.  “Sammy!  You and your hair get down here and help!”
Dean's hands stilled immediately and his breathing increased. How the hell did this thing know that. Hopefully, it couldn't read minds. He would really be fucked if his thoughts telegraphed his moves before he even made them. If that was the case, this thing likely already knew that he was after a gun. Shit.
Dean tensed further.  Apparently, they weren’t even going to dance around the subject.  He nodded a few times in agreement which seemed to satisfy John well enough.
Dean didn’t respond to that.  He knew that he’d need to say goodbye to his dad, but he would get packed and cleaned up first.  Who knew what kind of nonsense John would try to pull today?  Especially after their one-on-one the other night, he could try to kill Cas for all Dean knew.  Shit…. When had his life gotten so fucking complicated?  He grimaced at the thought.  Best not dwell on that too much actually, he doubted the answer had anything to do with Cas.
Sam looked down at himself nervously and ran a hand across his stomach.  “Yeah, it’s me.”  Sam gave him a boyish grin.  “At least I think so, I find it hard to believe when I look in the mirror every morning.”
“That’s enough!”  Sam snapped loudly.
Dean shrugged at that.  Not in particular, but Bobby didn’t need to know that.  “Yeah, like a baby.”
“Don’t ‘Bobby’ me, boy!  Do you have any idea how worried we’ve been?  I thought you were dead!  Then your brother here has been talking about giant miracle birds with healing powers, what was I supposed to make of any of this?  You didn’t tell me anything except to watch after Sam, as if that was ever even a question! I-”
Castiel tilted his head towards him to indicate that he was listening.
Once he’d finished explaining everything, he dropped his eyes to the floor in exhaustion.  He’d been busting his ass the last few days trying to make sure everything was prepared for his absence and he wanted nothing more than to sleep.  It wasn’t time for that though, he still had a few things to do.
The image of his mother holding him as an infant stared up at him and he smiled at the picture softly.  The other frame held a picture of he, Sam and Bobby standing outside of Bobby’s salvage yard.  It was a candid shot, Dean and Sam laughing hysterically at something that he couldn’t remember now, even Bobby was smirking in the photo, which was a rare occurrence.  He was going to miss his family.
Dean’s mouth tightened into a thin line.  He knew he wasn’t likely to get a straight answer, but he still wasn’t happy about it.  His hands were still buried in the large secondary feathers of Cas’s wings and he made no attempt to remove them.  “Well?”  Dean prompted when Cas fell silent again.
He looked around his bedroom with a detached feeling.  He’d lived in here for years, but somehow he’d never really made it feel like his own space.  His clothes hung in the closet, his weapons lined the walls.  But, other than a battered copy of a Kurt Vonnegut book and a couple of photo frames on his bedside table… there wasn’t anything.  It was almost like he hadn’t ever really been here.  Sam’s room was the opposite, books littered every surface, trinkets he’d collected over the years on his dresser, small pieces of seeming garbage that held nostalgic significance to him.  Dean hadn’t ever thought about the fact that he’d never collected any of those kinds of things.  But, here he was with the evidence, or lack thereof.
Dean stumbled himself and his mouth hung open in shock.
Of course this whole process had been a complete nightmare for his brother.  Not only did Dean, his primary caregiver, and likely best friend, completely disappear, but Sam was now living in a body that didn’t feel like his own.  Sam had been inside his thin and failing frame his entire life and to suddenly be given a body that was it’s direct antithesis… Dean couldn’t imagine the depersonalization that Sam had been trying to cope with for the last few months.  And while Dean didn’t regret doing what he did, he did feel guilty that he hadn’t been here to help with the fallout.
Dean thought in a panic.  He hadn’t planned on telling them that he was leaving so soon… He could lie?  No, Bobby was like a human lie detector and Sam could sniff out bullshit a mile away.  Fuuuuuuuuuck.
He shook his head and disrobed smoothly.  At least this clay mansion was a comfortable temperature, the floor beneath his feet was almost warm to the touch.  He settled himself into the basin of the tub and leaned gently against the back.  It was a strange shape, not especially ergonomic, but it was deep and Dean was thrilled to realize that he was going to be able to almost completely submerge himself.
Dean deflated immediately.  Fuck.  This was exactly the conversation he had been dreading since Sam had been let out of the hospital.  He had seen the anger simmering under the younger man’s skin for days now and had just been waiting for it to boil over.  Looks like it was going to be now and over a schoolyard rhyme.
And with that cheerful reminder of his limited time here, he began his story for the second time.  He added a few more details this time, but was still mindful to keep information about Cas to a minimum.  He was surprised that John simply listened, he didn’t question, comment, or interrupt Dean whatsoever the entire time he spoke.  Dean was feeling like a chicken shit, and talked into his coffee cup for most of his story.  He chanced a single glance upwards about halfway through.  John’s face had been thunderous and he had quickly looked down again.  The inquisition after all of this was going to be painful.
At Dean’s confused look, Castiel gave his strange version of a smile.
Dean thought angrily to himself.  He took a moment to collect himself before he raised an eyebrow at Castiel and looked him over critically.
. Cas responded in his head.  Fuck, telepathy was weird.
Dean’s arms fell to his sides and he swallowed anxiously.  “Are you- are you serious?  Like, serious serious?”
“Yeah, well, just don’t forget I’m here.  I’m not hanging out just for the Hell of it, I’m here because of you.  I don’t wanna starve to death or lose my marbles because I’m locked in solitary, ya know?”  Dean said angrily to the sink.  He still hadn’t turned back around.
“It’s Sam actually!”  Sam interrupted quickly.  Of the three of them, he’d seemed to recover the fastest.  His surprise had been replaced with a kind of child-like wonder at the creature before him.
Sam spread his papers across the table.  He indicated a sheet with a large image on it.  “Now, most commonly, the thunderbird is large enough that the flapping of its wings mimics or brings the sound of thunder, hence the name.  It’s also attributed with different sorts of properties depending on the tribe and the area they inhabit.”
Castiel didn’t respond, but Dean knew that he’d heard him.  Holy shit, this was really happening!  He was really almost there!
Dean watched in fascination as Sam’s breathing changed from halting and difficult to smooth and clear.  He’d gotten so used to seeing Sam’s chest labor so heavily that watching it’s movement even and shallow out was a shock to his system.  The air flowed smoothly in and out of his nose and Dean felt tears roll slowly down his cheeks.  This was the best Sam’s breathing had ever sounded.  Ever.
He gave his surrogate father a weak smile.  “Thanks, Bobby.  I- uh, I appreciate it.”
“So, do we get to meet this bird of yours, this time?”  Bobby asked conversationally.
Cas asked to try and divert attention away from his reaction.
Dean swiped away a tear from his cheek with a knuckle and swallowed against a suddenly dry throat.  He was going to be okay.  Castiel had kept his word, Sam was going to be okay.  Dean ran a gentle hand through his brother’s ridiculously long hair.
Dean closed his eyes against the sight of the night sky and willed back the tears he could feel building in his eyes.  Dean had done everything for him, he’d been both of Sam’s parents, his brother, his teacher, his caretaker… Why would he do this to him?  Dean swallowed against the knot in his throat.  The question of “why” continued to repeat itself over and over in his head.  He just couldn’t seem to come up with a good reason.
He stopped walking and waited against a wall with crossed arms and a frown.  Sure enough, after another minute, Castiel’s large form came into view around a corner.  The clacking of his large talons against the clay floor slowed as he saw Dean.  Dean refused to feel relief when he spied the large bird.  He would have gotten where he was going eventually.  He hadn’t NEEDED help, but he never looked a gift horse in the mouth.  Though, something about seeing the large bird right now was rubbing him the wrong way.
It felt like an eternity that he sat out there, fingers aching where they held tightly to the loose gravel and dirt of the shoulder of the road and knees screaming at him.  Eventually though, his tears dried against his cheeks and he sat back against his heels.  He felt weak, drained of everything that gave him the motivation to keep going.  What did it matter really?  Sam was dying and Dean realized with a start that he was too.  With every infection in Sam’s lungs, with every close call they experienced, every doctor’s visit, every new prescription that was filled…  Dean was dying too.
His fingers closed around the cool handle of a revolver and he felt a little of the tension bleed from his shoulders. Ok, he had a gun, now he just needed to see this thing so he could take a shot.
“Long time no see, Feathers.”  Dean said with a half-grin.  He was attempting to break some tension by teasing the bird.
The door opened then and an attractive brunette in a lab coat walked in. She gave them all a sly grin before slipping her hands into her coat pockets.
Dean felt a small tremor begin in his hands.  John wasn’t a BAD man per se, but he was a master manipulator and Dean was familiar with all of his father’s gaslighting techniques.  Ignoring them was another matter entirely though.
As it was, Dean was laying in almost total silence.  The only sound was his own breathing and the rushing of blood in his ears.  There was a quiet shuffle, a gentle disturbance of the mattress and then nothing.  Dean’s muscles were tensed for an attack.  Castiel had told him to ignore any strange sounds, but did that extend to physical disturbances?  Had something crawled into bed with him?  The thought terrified him.  He waited for several minutes, but nothing seemed to be happening.  Maybe he had imagined it?  Fuck, he wished he had a light to check this out.  He didn’t want to go blindly groping around in the dark with God knew what around.
He rushed upstairs to his room to grab his cell where it was plugged into a wall charger.  And finally, Sammy.  He hurried back into Sam’s room and was happy to note that Sam hadn't gotten any worse.  This was likely just another lung attack, he had them every month or two, but Dean never took any chances.
How long had he waited for John to give him this kind of encouragement?  And honestly, everything he was saying made… a lot of sense.  A lot more sense than Dean developing a friendship with a giant magical bird that lived in the desert.  Had he been put under some kind of enchantment?  An hour ago he would have denied it vehemently, but now… he wasn’t so sure.
Dean looked down at his plate, refusing to meet the eyes of his brother or his surrogate father.
“Now, local teachings are different from those in the rest of the Americas, but most have a similar theme.  It’s even made its way into pop culture as a type of cryptid, like Bigfoot and Loch Ness!”  Sam continued.  Native culture had always been an interest of his and Dean wasn’t surprised that he knew all of this off-hand.
Castiel nodded and shuffled on his feet.
“Sam, I don’t know what Cas is, but I can guarantee you he isn’t a Greek God, a shapeshifter or some kind of angel.”  Dean said weakly.  He didn’t realize his mistake until Sam had already perked up in interest.
“It’s not-  I’m not…”  Sam ran a hand through his hair and blew the air out of his lungs with a whoosh.  “It’s school stuff.”
“I’m hurrying, asshole!”  He shouted.  Fuck it, it couldn’t hurt to have the damn thing!  He snatched the knife and wrapped it in a spare shirt that was hanging in his closet.  He tucked it as far into the bag as it would go, grabbed the handles of the bag and hauled his ass back downstairs.
The grizzled man stood and stepped in front of Dean and Sam.  He eyed Cas up and down with his typical no-nonsense attitude and placed irritated hands on his hips.  “If you’ve got the power to cure and incurable disease, why did you needta abduct this boy here?”
Dean met Cas’s eyes and the two regarded one another silently for a time.  Dean gave him a crooked smile and blushed slightly.  He felt silly all of a sudden and ducked his head while he gathered his plate and took it to the sink.  He could feel Cas’s gaze on him while he walked, but instead of irritating him it made him feel glad.  Maybe they were finally coming to some sort of understanding in their relationship.
It was only Wednesday, the week was barely half over.  He yawned against his hand and scratched at his stomach.  He had another long day ahead of him at the garage tomorrow and he wasn’t looking forward to it.  He needed a vacation or something, something to pull him out of this funk he seemed to be in.  His ears picked up on something that took his brain a moment to process.  Something wasn’t right…
From there, the whole thing dissolved into a screaming match between the two.  It only ended when Sam started coughing loudly and Dean had to rush into the kitchen for an inhaler.  The two of them proceeded to ignore each other for the rest of the day and into the night.  Dean was furious with himself for even bringing any of this shit up to Sam.  Sam was understandably furious that Dean was going to agree to make a deal with a creature neither of them had ever heard of.
Dean cleaned his plate in a thoughtful frame of mind.  Cas was obviously trying to do right by him as best he could, so maybe Dean could accept the olive branch that the bird had extended.
It took Dean a moment before he shook his head and trotted after the bird.  “I just meant, are there uh, others here?  Others of your kind?”
“Wait!”  Sam said desperately, as if he’d meant to speak for a while but hadn’t been able to find his voice.
He watched in awe as the creature sailed up, up, up and over the treetops. It was gone from sight before Dean even remembered to close his mouth. He blinked slowly a few times before looking around himself in confusion.
And yet he sat and he watched, unable to tear his eyes from the human who could be his salvation.
Castiel smiled inwardly and felt a quickening in his heart rate.  True, he was going somewhere dangerous, Dean didn’t know that though.  But it was nice to know that he wanted Castiel to be safe.  They’d grown much closer in a short amount of time and Castiel cherished every moment of it.
Dean swallowed and pulled a crumpled piece of paper out of his back pocket.  On it was a list of all of the house utilities, mortgage payment, and miscellaneous bills, when they were due, how to pay them and how much they were.  He’d also listed the bank account information that all the money came from for them.  He hoped it wouldn’t be necessary, but he’d included a list of all of Sam’s medications, his doctors, and anything else about his condition that might be important.  If Castiel held up his end of the deal, Bobby wouldn’t need this but… it really didn’t hurt to have all of this information in one place and another person in on what needed to be done.  He honestly should have done this years ago.
He smiled.
Dean slowly opened his eyes again and looked upwards to collect himself.
Dean tipped his fork at the bird in a half salute.  Cas shuffled towards the table, doing his best not to bump into anything as he traversed the space.  He settled himself across from Dean and shuffled his wings into a more comfortable position on his back.  He watched silently as Dean continued eating.  This was a situation they’d been in many times, so Dean completely ignored his companion.
He glanced at Bobby while they waited on Pam to finish reviewing the information in Sam's paperwork. No, he wasn't ashamed, in fact, he was damn fucking proud to be a Singer too.
There was silence for a long time.  Dean sipped his scalding coffee and pretended that he wasn’t bothered in the least by the tension in the room.  He refused to meet anyone’s eyes, it was a little childish, but he only had so much strength, and he’d spent a lot of it last night.
Sam’s nose wrinkled in distaste.  “Burgers?”
Castiel ruffled his feathers against his back in agitation.  He didn’t like keeping things from Dean, but he couldn’t disclose this information to him.
It was a little surreal walking back into his old room.  He hadn’t been in here for six months and it looked exactly the same as it always had.  He ran his fingertips over his nightstand and wrinkled his nose at the dust that had collected there.  He sat down heavily on his old bedspread and smoothed his palms over the fabric with a wistful smile.  He’d never really decorated in here, there weren’t a lot of personal tokens.  Some nudey mags under the mattress, clothes in the closet and dresser, some odds and ends here and there.  But, nothing really that definitively said, “This is Dean Winchester’s room, this is where he slept, this was where he lived.”  It was a strange thought but he was in a strange mood.
Sam was apparently not so sick that he couldn’t flip Dean the bird and Dean was happy to see it.  Sam stood on shaky legs and Dean was at his side immediately.  It was going to be a nightmare maneuvering his gargantuan form down the stairs but it wasn’t the first time he’d done it.
That actually earned him an indignant squawk and he felt himself smile at that reaction against his will.
“You’re a good boy, you’ll do the right thing.”  John said confidently before patting Dean on the shoulder like a proud father.  “I’m gonna start on breakfast now.”
“Yeah, dad, I hear you.”
The look of disgust on Sam’s face could have curdled milk.  “Are you fucking serious, Dean?”
Sam wrapped his arms tightly around Dean’s upper body to hold him in place.  His grip was strong enough that it caused Dean to cough in discomfort until he loosened his hold slightly.  Dean was pleased, despite the fact that he couldn’t breathe, to know that Cas had gone above and beyond to heal his brother.
“Nothing.”  Dean mumbled before lowering his head again.
He clicked a few buttons and a movie began playing on the screen.  Dean adjusted himself back against the pillows surrounding him and tilted the screen towards Castiel.  “How’s that?”
Castiel blinked at him slowly a few times, absorbing his question.
“¡Sal ahora!” She screamed at him.
He sat upright to put his socks on and replace his boots correctly. He scrubbed one hand down his face when he had felt the hairs on the back of his neck prickle. He was on alert immediately. He stilled and listened.
Dean was eating alone for once.  Normally, Cas would come to fetch him when he deemed it was time for meals.  Dean had waited around, loitering in the courtyard for Cas to make his appearance.  But, the bird never showed.  Dean finally made his way into the kitchen when his stomach started to growl at him.  He’d managed to walk off most of his irritation earlier and was in a reasonable mood now.  It was weird that Cas wasn’t there with him, mealtimes were the only time he spent any time with Dean and that was like… the whole reason he was here.
He needed to get cleaned up.  He felt grimy and uncomfortable in his clothes.  He’d been wearing them for the last 24 hours so that wasn’t a surprise.  He eyed the copper tub surreptitiously and the open archway of his room.  He didn’t love the idea of being naked in a new place without a door to lock but he didn’t have much choice.  If he went quickly, maybe he could be done before Castiel woke up from wherever he was sleeping.  Did he sleep?  Whatever.
“I don’t know… I guess… I wasn’t.”  Sam answered.  He wasn’t willing to meet Dean’s eye and that was fine.
“I can’t do this on my own, Sammy.”  Dean said quietly.  He was speaking to his knees but he knew that Sam was listening.  “I’m trying, I’m really trying here.  But… you can’t lie to me.  You can’t keep shit like this from me.”
Castiel merely cocked his head at him in confusion.  He watched Dean curiously as the man scrambled to maintain some form of dignity.  Dean snatched the towel from the floor and quickly covered himself as he stood from the water.  This wasn’t much better, but at least he was on his feet now.
Sam continued to talk while they finished putting up their groceries.  Dean listened avidly, he always did when Sam was talking.  It made his heart swell to hear his brother talking with so much life in him, he could almost forget for a time that he… No, he wasn’t doing this right now.
Despite the fact that Castiel was offended on behalf of his creator, he was pleased to hear Dean say this.  It implied that they would do this again and that this wasn’t just a one time occurrence.  Perhaps, Dean liked his company more than he had assumed.  That filled his heart with a warmth that he had a hard time defining, but he was glad.  And he was glad for this movie.  It was the first he’d seen and it made Dean happy.  He would likely remember this moment and these Lone Rangers for the rest of his long life, as ridiculous as that seemed.
Castiel blinked at him in surprise.  He looked between Dean and the food on the table.
Castiel stepped away from him and shuffled his large wings against his back.  Dean hardly noticed the movement.  He was staring up in awe at the building in front of him, presumably his new home.  He took a step back in an attempt to get an idea of the sheer size of it, only for a large wing to immediately bump against his shoulders and halt him.
“Dea-”  Bobby started to say.
And all at once, it stopped.  Dean almost didn’t realize it at first, his head still felt like it was ringing.  After a time though, he discovered that the ringing in his head was only his ears remembering the sound.  He rolled onto his back experimentally and looked upwards at the stars.  Nothing seemed out of place now.  He slowly removed his hands from over his ears and listened experimentally to the air around him.  Only the soft sounds of the forest came to him and he frowned.  What the hell had that been?
Another pause in the air.  What the hell was this thing playing at?  Dean was slowly running through the catalogue of supernatural creatures he had in his head.  He was drawing a blank at the moment.  It wasn’t run of the mill, not a werewolf or vampire.  Could be a witch he supposed.  It wouldn’t be hard for them to make it seem like he was hearing things.
“You’ve got to at least make an attempt to figure it out.  I’m just worried about you, Dean.  This thing could be manipulating you to try and gain access to the entire Hunter network!  Have you even considered that?  Have you thought about how all of this could effect everyone else?”
“He.”  Dean finally snapped.  “He told me his name.”  Though Dean had technically given him the nickname, but Sam didn’t need to know anymore than he already did.
Dean shrugged lazily and yawned.  “I don’t know, Sammy.  I don’t think so.”  Dean offered offhand.
Dean nodded glumly.
He shook his shoulders as the creature moved its gigantic feathered wing closer to him. Just as the first primary feather, a big motherfucker almost as long as Dean's whole body, rose above him, Dean attacked. He ducked under the wing smoothly before slashing upwards at the feathers above him.
A soft chuckle and then, “Not quite.”
He nabbed the salt from his bag and dumped it on top of the rosary.  He fumbled awkwardly with the matches in his hand but before he was able to light one, the ghost of the nun was back.  She knocked into him from behind and he dropped his pipe and the matches in his hand.  He staggered forward but managed to keep his feet under him.
“Yes, I’ve been in the courtyard.  It’s hot, sandy, and pitiful.”
“Alright, sweet cheeks, here's the bad.”  Pam started in her best no nonsense tone.  “You’ve got an infection in your lungs.  It’s a nasty one because it’s gone untreated for so long.  Which means that you’ve been hiding symptoms from your brother.”  She looked at Sam sternly, it wasn’t often that she got that hard look in her eye but it was intimidating when it did come out.  “We’ve discussed this and you CANNOT do that. You know what your prognosis is, hon… You know these infections are getting worse every time you come in and you’ve got to take better care of yourself.  Your years are winding down… You’ve gotta make sure that you aren’t ending them prematurely.”
Firstly, Sam's condition is based on cystic fibrosis, and while it is a VERY serious condition, the prognosis now is much better than it's ever been.
Sam and Bobby were in the backyard and Dean moved quickly through the kitchen and out the back door to them.  On his way he snagged a jacket by the door, because it was almost March in Canada.  Dean was surprised to see their old and busted picnic table covered in a cheap tablecloth.  Bobby was at the grill and waved a spatula at him over his shoulder.  He looked incredulously at his brother who gave him a toothy smile.
“Impressive work, baby brother.”  Dean said with an easy smile.
Thank you all for sticking with me and let me know your thoughts!
“So!  What’s for grub?”  Dean asked with a perky smile.  He hadn’t had a properly greasy meal in months and he was really looking forward to gorging himself on every conceivable artery clogging meal he could get his hands on.
Dean felt tears track slowly from the corners of his eyes to pool inside the shells of his ears.  The feeling was uncomfortable but he couldn’t be bothered to move just yet.
Instead, he attempted to focus on the feathered body and wing of the creature surrounding him.  Castiel’s feathers were soft to the touch, and while Dean was freaked the fuck out by the look of him, he would admit that he was beautiful in a David Attenborough, “Planet Earth” kind of way.  He resisted the urge to run his fingers along the covert feathers at the top of Castiel’s large wings.  He didn’t know him like that, hell that could be a mating signal or something for the guy, and that was territory Dean was NOT getting into.
The ghost whipped back around the second the matches were lit.  The two of them met one another's eyes and stared at one another for a half a second.  That was all the time it took for the rosary to ignite.  The ghost screamed in pain before her form caught fire and disintegrated right in front of him.
The two of them stood together silently for a moment, before Bobby released him and rubbed at his eyes angrily.  The atmosphere of the room was tense and uncomfortable now.  Dean hadn’t really thought about the fallout his absence would cause.  In his mind they were all going to be overjoyed to see each other and would then eat greasy hamburgers while teasing Sam for being a giant monster man now.  And of course they WERE overjoyed to see one another, but that was tampered with the pain of his sudden reappearance.
Dean pursed his lips in irritation.  “Okay… sure.  I’ll cook something in a minute.”
His brother was dying.
Cas let out an indignant squawk at the pressure around his chest and one of his wings.  Dean pulled back just far enough to grin up at him with his most boyish smile.  Cas tilted his head softly and regarded Dean with one of his bizarre blue eyes.  The two looked at each other thoughtfully for a moment, mere inches from the other, before Dean seemed to realize where he was.  He took two large steps backwards so he could put a respectable distance between them.
Dean and Sam both chuckled and just like that, the mood eased in the kitchen.  Dean was grateful for it, yesterday had been more than emotional enough.  He’d like to spend the rest of his time here laughing and relaxing.
Dean woke some hours later, feeling groggy.  He could function on a crazy sleep schedule, but he didn’t like it.  It threw his
“It was fine.  The usual, ya know?  Bobby was a grouchy ass and you know how much I love talking to customers.”  Dean said simply.  He grabbed a couple of cans down from the cabinets and pulled a package of meat out of the fridge so he could start working on dinner.  “I actually got to get under an Aston Martin DB5!  Thing was beat to hell but it was still awesome.”
Dean thought back over every interaction he’d had with the bird.  It had all seemed innocent and genuine.  But he was starting to doubt his own memories.  Was that really what had happened, or had those memories been faked for his benefit?  He honestly couldn’t be sure of anything right now.  And he only had a few days left before Cas came back.
Dean nodded to his surrogate father sadly.  He clapped Bobby’s shoulder in response a few times before letting his hand drop.  There was pain in his expression for all of a moment before he bounced back.
“Boy!  They didn’ have any of that kale or whatever it’s called at the store.  You’ll just have to make due with lettuce like the rest of us common folk!”  Bobby’s gruff voice called out from the kitchen.
He felt the hair on the back of his neck prickle again, just like in the parking lot of the hospital.  He wasn’t willing to let it go this time though, something was watching him.  Likely that same something that had been spying on him in the parking lot.
“Dean!  Where have you BEEN?!”  Sam exclaimed in alarm.
“So, are we meeting your Thunderbird?”  Sam asked casually as he sipped from his own beer.
Dean woke feeling groggy.  He’d stayed up much later last night than he should have.  But… he was leaving today, and he had wanted to spend as much time as possible with his family before then.  He hadn’t actually wanted to sleep at all, but his body had overruled his brain on that one.  As it was, he had only managed to get a couple of hours.  He wiped a rough hand over his face and looked out the window to his left.  It was still dark out and dawn didn’t look like it was coming anytime soon.
The two of them hugged one another tightly for a moment before Dean jumped back in excitement, his joy still evident on his face.
The creature nodded in the affirmative. The feathers around its neck ruffled.
“You didn't answer why.” Dean reminded it.
Dean heard the voice echo throughout his skull and he shook his head to clear it.  Dean hurried forward to open the door but there was no need.  The door flew open on it’s own and banged loudly against the entryway wall.
The sensation of moving through the air wasn’t quite what Dean expected flying would be like.  Admittedly, he was terrified of heights and flying especially, so he had his eyes closed for a long time.  When he finally opened them though, out of some sort of grim curiosity, he was surprised.  He could see glimpses of the Earth below, but they looked more like framed photos on a wall rather than anything he was truly experiencing firsthand.  He knew he was held tightly against Castiel’s side, though he wasn’t sure how.  The bird didn’t have hands to hold him but the sensation of safety was there nonetheless.
Sorry for the long delay!  I needed a little break from writing, but I'm back now!
He still hadn’t decided what he was going to do about Cas.  It felt as if he changed his mind every minute on how to proceed.  First it sounded like John in his head telling him to gank the son of a bitch, then a voice that sounded like Sam would remind him of everything that Cas had done for him and his family.  Dean didn’t like all of this morally grey, decision-making bullshit.  It was so much easier to just see a monster and kill it.  Now, because of Cas, he was starting to question if every monster they’d hunted had deserved it.  What made a monster a monster?
Dean rubbed an anxious hand against the back of his head.  “Your condition, I think I have a way to… ya know, cure you?”
Dean and Bobby looked down at the fragile body of the youngest member of their family.  Sam had closed his eyes and was breathing steadily with the help of the oxygen in the cannula.  Pam had told them to wait to chew him out, so what did they say now?  Dean was having a hard time thinking past the fog that was slowly working its way into his brain.
“Sure.  That’s why you panicked and slammed the computer, totally normal behavior.”
The day after he’d met her, he had asked Dean if her Dad was a hunter too.  Dean, who had been around twelve at the time, had had a hard time explaining to Sam that no, her dad wasn’t a hunter.  But, because she was First Nations, people treated her family badly and it could be hard for her parents to find work.  It wasn’t an elegant description of racism, he was only a child himself, but Sam had eventually understood.  He’d been incensed immediately and was still angry about it to this day, 14 years later.
“What is it, boy?”  The older man asked gruffly.
Cas took a deep breath and blinked slowly at him.
“Fank yew!”  Dean added after a moment, his mouth already stuffed with gooey burgers.
Dean immediately held up a hand, preventing his brother from continuing his train of thought.  “You’re right, I DID say that.”  Dean gave his brother a pointed look, letting him know in no uncertain terms to drop the subject.
“I want to go over some of the house stuff with you.  Ya know, just in case.”
Castiel intoned deeply.
Castiel watched him silently for a moment before nodding his large feathered head once.
“Dammit boy, wake your ass up!” Bobby snapped beside him.
The two continued to stare at one another until Dean’s temper finally snapped.  “Will you leave or something so I can get dressed?!”
“Sure thing, bud!  No problem.”
The bird shifted on its large taloned feet and shuffled its wings against its back. It looked unsure of itself for a moment before its expression seemed to harden. Its breast puffed up importantly before the slow and solemn voice floated into Dean's mind.
Castiel said, and Dean could hear a note of irritation in his tone.
Dean shrugged in an attempt to keep things from escalating too far.  “I mean, you obviously did a ton of work on all of this.  But, really?  Angels?  Gods?  That shit doesn’t even exist, Sam.”
“Well, if it isn't the Singer boys! You know, I was just thinking the other how much I missed your handsome faces.” She winked at Bobby and Dean and Sam both rolled their eyes.
Luckily, it was summer out, as Dean quickly realized that he was barefoot while he was loading the Impala.
The voice came again.  Dean felt himself tense again at hearing it.  He was hearing it in his head but he was sure that the sound of it was superimposed against the wind around him.  He couldn’t tell where it was coming from.  But, there wasn’t anything more fucking suspicious than a mysterious voice telling you not to be afraid.
“Dean?” A deep and hesitant voice asked.
“Am I supposed to bathe in that frickin’ tub?!”  Dean shouted out towards Castiel.
Bobby’s eyes widened in surprise before narrowing again suspiciously.  He glanced between Dean and Sam swiftly a few times before reaching towards a large kitchen knife near the sink.  Sam was at least quick to intervene at this point and stepped swiftly back in front of Dean.
“What’s going on?  What hurts?”  Dean asked quickly.  He did a quick visual inspection of his brother and ran his hands over Sam’s chest and shoulder, checking for visible injuries.
“You’re going to be okay now, bitch.”  Dean choked out with a sad smile.
“Like… we’re gonna go out and shoot elk or like… vamps?”
Dean felt his knees buckle under him and he came down against the asphalt on the side of the road, hard.  He sat there, huddled on his knees and his palms for a long time, letting the tears in his heart pour from his eyes.  His shoulders shook and his breaths came unevenly and he let himself slowly break down, bit by bit.  No one was there to watch him, and so he let it all out, it was a luxury he was never allowed.  He let his heart break and shatter into a thousand pieces, each piece like shards of glass against his chest and he cried all the harder for it.  With each tear that left him, so too did a sliver of his heart and Dean let them all go bitterly.  He wished that it felt good to let it all out, but it didn’t.  It fucking hurt, it always fucking hurt when this happened and he hated himself for it.
Dean threw the Impala into park and leaned back in his seat.  He wasn’t sure how long he’d been driving.  He wasn’t even sure where he was or how he’d gotten here.  He took a moment to castigate himself for driving in that frame of mind, it had been dangerous and he knew better.  But, he hadn’t been able to THINK.  He’d just needed to go.
“You too, boys, get some rest.  I have a feelin’ tomorrow’s gonna be a rough one.”  Bobby said quietly.
There was a pause, almost as if the air around him was considering his question.  Dean inched himself slowly towards the trunk of the Impala while he waited.  Nothing sounded like it was close enough to pounce on him unawares but he didn’t want to startle a physical reaction out of whatever it was yet.
“Well, excuse me if I don’t find that all that fucking comforting!”  Dean muttered through gritted teeth.
“You’re a jerk, Dean.”  Sam muttered against the fabric of his shirt.  His voice sounded small and weak, almost like it had before Dean had left when Sam had been in the hospital.
Cas had been gone a couple days now and Dean wasn’t sure when to expect him back.  He was bored and he hated to admit it, but he was feeling lonely as well.  Who would have thought he’d miss the company of the autistic Big Bird?  But, here he was, moping around the mansion like some stood up prom date.  He’d tried watching a movie, but it wasn’t the same without Cas’s dry commentary; tried listening to music, but realized it was more interesting when he could share anecdotes about the songs with Cas; even tried masturbating for a time, which he hadn’t done in weeks.  But it just didn’t feel right and he’d give up sweaty, frustrated and wanting.
The bird didn’t answer, and he supposed that was answer enough.
The brothers settled back into silence.  Both were lost to their own thoughts while outside the sky slowly began to lighten.
Dean nodded to that in agreement.  So, at least they had the basics.  “Yeah, well, despite that sounding like complete and utter bullshit, it was the truth.  The bird found me in the woods after Sam’s trip to the hospital that night.  I don’t know… why it found me, if it was just luck or something else, but whatever.  He made me an offer, and it sounded too good to be true, but… Well, after everything that’s happened, he was telling the truth.  He kept his word.”
Dean thought.
He said quietly.  But it was fairly obvious that he WASN’T alright.
“Yeah, point taken.”  Dean muttered.  Apparently that was all he was going to get out of him on the subject.  Oh well.  “Anyway, you wanna watch a movie or something?”
Eventually, they broke apart.  And in typical Winchester fashion, they ignored what had just transpired.  Dean was at a loss with how to proceed and Sam seemed exhausted after their little brotherly melodrama.  Dean moved to sit back in the chair by Sam’s bed and watched as his brother fell into a light doze.
Dean rolled his eyes again. Was he really having this conversation with Big Bird right now? Jesus, he’d lost his fucking mind. “Sex slave then?”
Castiel looked surprised at the tone of his voice and blinked at him a few times.  He seemed to consider his options for a moment before shuffling back a few steps and further into the hallway.
Silence greeted him.
The feeling of being watched left him. Dean felt a shiver chase down his arms and he shook them out in irritation. Jesus, was he THAT out of practice? Had nothing really been there? He narrowed his eyes over the hood of his car towards a long line of trees adjacent to the hospital. Nothing moved within their branches and he sucked on his teeth thoughtfully. He needed to get back to Sam. He didn't have time for fucking make believe monsters his sleep deprived brain was trying to conjure.
. He linked his fingers together and rested his chin on them.  He often wished his mom was here to give him advice.  But, in all the years since she’d died, she hadn’t ever answered him.  He may as well get up; he wouldn’t be able to sleep anymore tonight.
The bright beam of a car’s headlights flashed between the blinds of the living room and Sam and Dean both paused and looked towards the sound of crunching gravel.  A car had pulled into the driveway and the likelihood that it was a lost tourist wasn’t high.  The brothers looked at one another and sighed.  As if the tensions in the house couldn’t get any worse, here was the worst possible thing to drop into their laps.
Cas had insisted that he’d eat something before turning in for bed and he had to admit it had been a good idea.  Cas had even stuck around to listen to Dean go over and over what had happened.  He felt like a little kid, but he was happy!  Truly happy for the first time since he’d come here.  Maybe they could work out some kind of system, hopefully this wasn’t a one-off, where Dean could go out and still be here for whatever it was that Cas needed.
It was all a little overwhelming and Dean had never considered himself a smart man.
Doctors would tell John what was happening, what Sam needed, what his prognosis was, and John would either get so fucking wasted after that he'd forget, or he'd ditch out of town without telling anyone. Sam had had medicine forgotten at the pharmacy, doctors visits missed, warnings signs ignored, until Dean had finally had enough.
“What the hell were you thinking?”
Cas had called the film sacrilegious and Dean had found that absolutely hilarious.  Surely, Cas wasn’t out to harm anyone.  Dean hadn’t ever gotten that vibe from him.  In fact, Dean even sort of missed the bird.  But… John could be right, fooling him would be an easy way to get at his family and all the Hunters across North America.
Ultimately, the Hunter won out.  At least for tonight.  Castiel’s ominous and threatening rule about the house was still very clear in his mind and he wasn’t sure what to expect.  Better safe than sorry.  He did at least take off his boots.  Everything in the mansion was a smooth clay, so it would honestly be quicker and quieter for him to get away in his socks than his heavy work boots.
Dean stalled until Bobby had rejoined them in the room.  John was still smiling, still happy to see him, he wondered at what point in his tale that would change.  After everyone had a drink and was seated again in the living room, Dean figured it was time.  Might as well get it out fast, rip it off like a band aid.
“Ready when you are, Feathers!”  Dean exclaimed cheerfully.
There was a large bed against a far wall, and while the frame looked worn, it also looked sturdy and fit into the aesthetic of the clay building.  The mattress atop it looked new and the stark white of the sheets and comforter were startling.  It looked… amazing, to be perfectly honest.  Dean’s old bed had been serviceable, he’d had it for a lot of years.  But, this one… Dean could almost imagine his neck aches disappearing in a bed like this.
Dean nodded and blew some warm air onto his hands.  “Yeah, I think so.  He’s uh… a lot to take in, so just… I don’t know, be nice?”
“Okay, well first of all, you sound like a lunatic.  Like straight from an institution lunatic.  Second, if this is for real, you need to call Bobby.  If there’s a giant bird out there promising miracle cures then it’s guaranteed that it’s no good.  I mean, Dean, come on!  Did you just happen to forget everything dad ever taught us?!”  Sam was agitated enough that he stood from his position on the couch.
He still had a few days before Castiel had said he would return.  And just in case, Dean needed to make some plans.  People often treated him like he was stupid.  He’d dropped out of high school and had very little book knowledge.  He wasn’t dumb though.  No, he would neve take the SAT’s or become a brain surgeon, but he had a practical knowledge that came from raising yourself and a sibling alone.  That was something that you couldn’t learn in school, and Dean had learned all of his lessons the hard way.  They were beat into his head, time and time again, sometimes by John, sometimes by life.  And so Dean knew, he needed to make plans.
What the fuck was he going to do?
“I’m thinking!”  Dean snapped in agitation.  He could likely tell him everything he’d told Sam, and maybe a little about Cas, without revealing his name or anything like that.  His best shot was to be vague.  The only thing Cas had truly asked was that he not spend any time alone with his dad.  So maybe it wasn’t as secret as he was making it out to be?
Cas looked thoughtful again and clicked his beak a few more times.  His feathers puffed up for a moment before he shook them out and settled them back against his frame.  He didn’t say another word, he merely shuffled backward and hopped his way out of the room.
He stepped around Castiel and further into the room, inspecting each item he came across.  It looked to be a fully functional kitchen, the only thing it was missing was a refrigerator.  Guess they wouldn’t be keeping leftovers here.  Everything looked a little weathered but well cared for and he ran a hand across one of the large tables.
A rough hand clapped him on the shoulder from behind and Dean whirled around quickly.  Bobby’s face swam into view in front of him.  Dean must look like seven kinds of warm Hell because Bobby’s expression morphed from his usual gruff annoyance into worry in a matter of seconds.
George of the Jungle
“Well boy, where the HELL HAVE YOU BEEN?”  Bobby finally asked, his temper flaring.
“What happened?”  Dean asked quietly.  He was mostly sure that Cas was okay now, but he enjoyed the feeling of the large, smooth feathers under his fingertips.  He’d been wondering what they felt like for months and now that he had the opportunity to get his hands on them, he was reluctant to let them go.  They were softer than he’d realized and he just barely resisted the urge to rub his cheek against them.
Sam’s even expression turned to one of incredulity.  “What?”
Dean nodded even though Cas couldn’t see him.  At least Cas had thought to warn him and not just, pop up out of nowhere.
Bobby merely humphed and crossed his arms before nodding his head towards the nurse waiting on them patiently.
He packed his scattered items back into his bag, grinning like a loon the whole time.  Cas had said that he would be back tomorrow morning unless Dean needed him.  Did he want to stay out here the rest of the night or call for Cas and go home now?  Regardless of how freeing being out here was, a warm bath sounded amazing at the moment.  And if Cas was willing to let him out and about for hunts, then this surely wouldn’t be the last time he’d get some real fresh air.  No, he was in a great mood and it might be a good idea for Cas to see that.  He hadn’t been too pleasant to the bird in the last few months and Cas didn’t really deserve it.  Dean should give him some sort of a thank you, but if nothing else, he could be nicer to him.
He had grown used to the dry, hot days in the desert.  He wasn’t sure what the temperature there was but it was somewhere between Satan’s Anus and a volcano.  The weather in BC though… well, that was a completely different story and he definitely should have worn a jacket.  He hadn’t been thinking much about the progression of time since he’d been at the clay mansion.  It was a sort of liminal space that existed outside of time.  But it was apparent now that some months had passed since he’d left.  It had been summer when he’d gone with Cas, but judging by the temperature change the longer they flew, it was winter now.  February maybe?
“I got it, Dean.”  Sam snapped at him in irritation.
The voice repeated.
“You’re losing your reflexes, jerk.  I can’t believe I surprised you.”  Sam’s teasing tone lacked its normal bite.
He used the toe of a boot to kick over a rotten wooden beam. He curled his nose in distaste as a scorpion scurried away from the sun that was now beaming on it. Well, even if he hadn’t found this place on his own, he was absolutely sure something was lingering about.
“Yeah, I got that part.” Dean mocked. “But I'm fine and I don't know what you think you're going to help with.”
He’d enjoyed their evenings together, watching movies and chatting about their interests.  Or mostly Dean chattered about his interests while Castiel listened attentively and occasionally asked a question.  Dean had been surprised and thrilled when Cas had opted to tell him a story one night.  He’d claimed it was from his “youth” whatever that meant, but he wasn’t sure if that meant he’d heard it then or he’d experienced it himself.  He had talked about being a soldier and while it was possible there were bird soldiers out there like those damn warrior cats, Dean doubted it for some reason.  No, for some reason when he talked, Dean had an image of something else, something grander, something larger and something both beautiful and terrifying to behold.  He couldn’t say where the image came from but that’s what was stuck in his head.
“Don’t be a bitch, put some hustle on it.”  Dean snapped back as they angled their way down the stairs.
“Personal space?”  Dean said in exasperation.  He threw out a hand to emphasize his point, the other had a death grip on the corners of the towel around his hips.
Dean hummed in acknowledgement.  Sam had wanted to work in law pretty much since he was still in diapers.  When he’d been in elementary school, while he was still able to attend school full-time, he had had a little First Nations girl in his class that he’d been completely smitten with.  They had bonded because they both had holes in their shoes and shirts that were too big for them.  Sam had been thrilled to meet someone who dressed in hand-me-downs like him.
Dean thought again.
He took a few more minutes to familiarize himself with the kitchen before he poked his head out of the room to look up and down the hallway beyond.  Well, Dean Winchester was nothing if not a Hunter at heart.  He needed to get a feel for the layout of this place first and foremost.  Since it looked like Big Bird had left him for the moment, now was as good a time as any.
John’s good mood seemed to extend to the rest of the men in the room.  He clapped Sam on the back happily and hugged him tightly before shaking Bobby’s hand warmly.  It would have been sweet if this situation wasn’t so fucked up.  There were several rounds of “how are you’s” and “where have you been’s” offered from just about every person in the room.  Eventually, the greetings and well wishes wore out and they were left as four grown men standing in the middle of their living room.
He thought to himself before exhaustion won out and he passed into a deep sleep.
“I live here, bitch!”  Dean snapped back.  He had been worried about his homecoming, but apparently he just needed to pass a creature test and get punched in the face and all was good.
Dean shook his head and tilted his head back to look up at the ceiling.  “Why can’t I ever catch a fucking break.”  He whispered to himself.  He lowered his eyes and levelled his brother with a stern look.  “WE won’t do anything, I’ll handle it.”
“I’m not staying.”  He whispered.
“Burgers.”  Bobby confirmed with a crooked smile.
The ensuing screaming from Bobby and Sam was one for the record books.  Though this time, Dean wasn’t much of a participant.  He did his best to explain and to calm them down, even offered false promises that he would be able to visit again, which he hoped was true but wasn’t certain.  Bobby and Sam stormed around the house, a glass and two plates ended up smashing against the floor.  Bobby had sworn to hunt Cas down to exterminate him if he tried to take Dean from them again.  Sam absolutely refused to even believe it was a possibility.  It took over an hour for them to wear themselves out, and by the time they had, Dean could feel the bags under his eyes as if they were fresh bruises.
Cas’s voice rang out sharply through his head.
Dean leaned forward and gently pressed his lips against his brother’s forehead, between his brows.  “I love you, Sammy.  Be good.”
He rubbed the back of his hand against his eyes angrily.  His skin felt gritty where the salt from them had dried against his cheeks.
It was weird being home without having to do any of Sam’s treatments before bed.  Dean actually had followed Sam into his room by force of habit until Sam had turned with a laugh and reminded him it wasn’t necessary.  Dean had spluttered in embarrassment before flipping Sam the bird and exiting quickly.
The receptionist at the desk nodded grimly to Dean before stepping into the back to speak with the nurses.  He knew that normally, they called for triage when a patient came in, but Dean recognized this girl and knew she recognized him.  He couldn’t place her name but it didn’t matter right now.  Before he’d even reached the desk a squat woman in black scrubs came bustling over with a bearded man in the same black scrubs.
It also seemed that the place was built in a strange spiral pattern.  Because, while he’d yet to encounter any steps, he knew that he’d gone up in elevation.  A fact that was confirmed as he peered out the window in front of him.  It wasn’t large enough for him to fit through, but he could easily see the edge of the cliff many feet below him.  Likely designed because Dean doubted that Castiel would be able to go up stairs in the conventional sense.
“Well, Dean, allons-y.” He bit out in irritation.
Dean frowned at him but dutifully swallowed the food in his mouth.  “Oh, yeah?”
His eyes lit up in delight as he realized that this could be the object!  He hopped to his feet and dashed back towards his duffel.  The spectre swooped low and towards his head and he ducked swiftly to avoid her.  He swung his pipe at her again and she disappeared again.  He had a few seconds before she came back and he needed to make them count.
She nodded to him kindly in greeting. “Dean, Mr. Singer.” She shifted the stethoscope around her neck. “You can go in and see him now.”
Dean was running through a mental list of tasks that he needed to complete before he left the house with Sam.
“Does the toilet flush?”
“Cool, cool.”  Dean looked around the room and rocked awkwardly on his heels.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam had his forehead buried against Dean’s shoulder and Dean could feel him shake his head vigorously.
. Dean thought in exhaustion.  “Fuck.”  He also added aloud for good measure.  This was the absolute worst thing that could happen right now.  If John was sober he’d be like a terrier with something juicy in its mouth, there was no way he would let Dean get away without a proper explanation.  If he was drunk… well, best not to dwell on that right now.  Dean doubted John would beat his ass with both and Sam and Bobby here, but there was no real way to know.
Cas tried to stand on his own and managed to do so without too much trouble. “Yes, I believe so. I am just a bit dizzy from expending more energy than I thought I would.”
“Sam, where’s our flashlight? Fetch it for me, would you?” Dean called out, arms elbow deep into the engine parts. Dusk had fallen not too long ago and though the moon was out, it wasn’t much more than a sliver. And covered by clouds as it was, it alone wasn’t going to provide enough light to work by.
Sometimes literally.
“Jeeze, Cas. You really took it to heart when I said we’d do all the traditional Christmas stuff, didn’t you?” Dean was truly amazed with the energy and enthusiasm Cas was giving.
Day 4 at LJ's adventchallenge 2012. Prompt #4: Snowflake's hope in hell.
It was Christmas Eve at Bobby's. After the boys spent the previous afternoon decorating the tree with popcorn strands and paper chain ribbon, their plans for this day amounted to relaxing; primarily in front of the television, watching football games, and eating.
“You got it.” said Sam with an exaggerated eye roll.
“Don’t joke about this. My manhood is at stake. There’s not a snowflake’s hope in hell that this will happen again.” Dean objected.
It's now the day before the day before Christmas. Castiel wakes up Dean, wanting to go out side and make a snowman together.
“I trust you, Dean.” Cas looked at Dean with eyes that spoke the truth. “And I was trying to do just that right now, actually. Didn’t you hear? I want to go out and build a snowman.”
Sam looked down at what he was talking about. "Oh, there is another one. It's probably an old fake tree from the decades ago." Sam pulled the box out of the dark corner. "Let's take this down too."
Day 6 at LJ's adventchallenge 2012. Prompt #5 - Boughs of Holly.
As their lips met, Dean and Cas finally closed their eyes and the staring contest was over. For a moment they shared a calm and slow kiss, but quickly they turned their staring contest into a battle of lips and tongues. The kiss was fierce and heated. Dean knew that this is what all the heated stares were leading up to and instead of freaking out, Dean decided to go with it and just enjoy the moment.
“Dean, don’t be a martyr, I can hear your teeth chattering already. Get your ass back here and stay warm.”
“Well, crap. We’re not going anywhere till I can get a good look at her and I could have sworn I felt something wrong when I was just up in there. We’re going to have to wait till morning when there’s more light.” And with that, Dean turned, opened the door and flopped down into the driver’s seat. He shut the door and curled himself into a ball-ish shape, ready to fall asleep. “Well what are you two doing standing there, you’re letting in the cold air.”
"Ok, then." Sam shrugged. "Here is mine. And one for Mom, too."
"Here," Sam handed him the string of popcorn he'd already started. "Want to finish up for me here, I want to get started with some other decoration we can make, too."
“Yeah, well,” Sam shrugged, “she told me he said that he saw enough violence the rest of the year that he wanted to be home safe and share at least one peaceful holiday with his girls. I'm glad they got to do share that, at least for a little while.”
Sam joined him; their glasses dinked together. “And Ellen”
"What'cha got there?" Sam started back over to them. "Looks pretty fragile."
"I was thinking that we should hang stockings on your mantle." Castiel's voice was dreamy and a little bit excited. "If that would be alright with you, of course."
"Don't know dude. Last I saw him I think he said something about being out in the garage. Not like there's a lot of places he can get to in that chair of his. Ya'know?" Dean was referring to Bobby's wheelchair. Hopefully, there'd be a day when remembering how Bobby wound up paralyzed didn't give Dean a pang of regret. He wished there was something he could have done differently at the time so Bobby had never gotten hurt in the first place.
It was Castiel and Bobby’s turn to share a look of disbelief and astonishment. “You mean you took out the Teutonic pagan god of the winter solstice on your own?” Castiel was amazed.
"Right, thanks for reminding us." Sam’s sarcasm-fu was strong. When Bobby came home in the wheel chair Sam and Dean built a ramp out of the back door. It was the only way in and out of the house that Bobby could use these days, and so that's where Sam headed.
Dean reached down, picked up the little box and handed it to Bobby. "Alright, here. You should do the honors."
Dean held his breath for a few heartbeats and was able to distinguish two sounds of sleep-breathing. One he could identify as Castiel's because every time he heard someone breath out he felt the corresponding puff of air on his arm. The other he could identify because he had spent his entire childhood and most of his adult life hearing those same sleep-sounds from his brother. Sam was the other person in the room with him and Cas. And, judging by the way Dean was nearly falling off the edge of the bed, Sam was probably also in bed with them.
In an instant the three of them were safely out of the car, standing ten feet away from the Impala. They then watched it perform what Dean couldn’t bear to believe was a slow spiral of death. The car soon wound down and came to a stop on the left side of the road facing back the way they had come.
