"That is good news. Now we can talk about you majoring in international affairs. Maybe when you graduate we could...."
"You remind me of your father."
John Watson was sitting in 221B having the same Saturday night conversation he had every week; with a young, tall, lanky, quirky, bow tie wearing Time Lord. Ever since Sherlock's fall, John and the Doctor have the same conversation with the same boring dialogue every week, with very few variations. 'I need him. Bring him back. I don't care what happens', 'I can't, it's a fixed point in time. Maybe he had his reasons. What good would it do, other than stop you from driving me mad?'
"He asked for my approval and help picking out the ring. The engraved hearts were his idea." Mycroft fell to his knees and hugged his daughter and new fiancé. That was the first true hug Sigyn had received from her father.
"We are going to a shop. You are going to help me pick out your father's ring."
"Fine."
"Have a good day."
Greg couldn't contain himself anymore. He walked around the peninsula and hugged Sigyn. This was the first time he offered her more than a handshake. She liked the feeling. She leaned into the hug. She buried her face into his shoulder. She could feel Greg crying into the hug.
"Are you feeling any better?"
"Father's home. I haven't gotten a chance to talk with him. I'll take the steaks out. Wait till I come back." Greg only nodded his head. Sigyn gathered the steaks and headed back to the dining room. Mycroft was about to enter the kitchen. He was redirected by Sigyn.
Sigyn smiled and couldn't wait to get back to the barn. Sigyn took a few extra turns so Rosie could feel free for longer. Eventually, she slowed to a trot and had Rosie sit up. They entered the barn and Sigyn jumped off. She walked Mattie back to her stall and grabbed Rosie. Rosie started to leave the stall but turned back at the last minute.
Sigyn told Greg that everything was a good to go. Sigyn grabbed the potatoes and asparagus while Greg handled the rolls and wine. It was obvious that Greg was nervous and unless you really knew Mycroft, you wouldn't be able to tell he was nervous as well. The plates have been served, the wine has been poured and they all started eating. Everyone was quiet. No eye contact was being made either. Sigyn decided it was her job to get those men taking.
She finished walking down the stairs when she came to and abrupt stop. Her father was standing just outside the door. He had on a pair of black swimming trunks, a black t-shirt and black boat shoes. She'd never seen him out of his three point suit.
Gingerly placing a hand on John's shoulder he asked, "So you still see him in your dreams?"
"Sigyn, would you mind serving dinner please?"
"Uncle Sherlock, why are you so nervous?"
"Only for a little bit."
"Productive. Yours?"
"Well, hello to you too."
"I really like fast things." She twirled a loss strand of hair around her finger.
"Oh right. Well, come give your favorite uncle a hug." She walked over to him and hugged him.
"I tried. He was on such a destructive path, he went looking for danger." A half smile played at the Doctor's lips, "He even tried to end World War One single handed. Not to mention the Daleks have a new definition for fear." He buried his face in her wild curls. "What should I do? What would you do?" His voice was muffled, and his breath tickled her neck. She gave a small child like laugh. As she stroked his back, she thought. I would do anything for him, to save him, for Amy and Rory, to see them again. There you have it, he has to try and help. She placed a soft kiss on his neck, causing him to raise up and look at her.
"Why do we have to play a game?"
"How do you... never mind, so where to? Birth of Einstein? The planet of light bulb? Oh I've got an idea," The Doctor started to punch in a random date when he caught sight of Sherlock sitting on the steps of the TARDIS with his face in his hands. How could he try to take him on an adventure when they both knew where they had to go? He finished punching in a date, "come on, you gotta see this."
"What are you watching?"
Sigyn gave her uncles a reassuring smile and started Mattie off on a slow trot. They left the barn and made sure they were out of view.
"Try and sleep. I'll bring you some tea in a bit." She nodded and closed her eyes. Greg left her room and entered his. He grabbed his phone and sent Mycroft a text message. Mycroft was off on a work related trip. He won't be home for almost a week.
"Thanks no."
Sigyn had on a short, deep purple dress that was strapless with a small plunge neckline. It was fitted at the bust and a little flared at the bottom. This was the fifth dress she tried on that day. Not to mention the ones from yesterday.
"Hello sweetie"
"They are dangerous!"
"Yes Vicor. This time Doctor John Hamish Watson and Sherlock Holmes."
"Ready?"
"I'm not sure." Greg took a deep breath. He looked like he was trying not to cry.
It was time for dinner. She walked into the kitchen and looks through the fridge. She was surprised to find leftover Chinese food. She'd never known her father to eat takeout on a weekday. Especially Chinese. She took out the chow fun and heated it in the microwave. She waits for it to finish and takes it into the dining room. Even though she's the only one there she knows her father would be watching her. She finished her meal and retired to the living room. She grabbed one of her father's many books and sat on the over sized couch. It was then that she noticed the new tv. It was right above the fire place. It wasn't there last time she visited. Not a worry right then, she just had to ask her father about it later.
"Well 'Just Jean' I think it's time to leave."
"Are we looking for a plain ring or one with a some type of stone?"
"Father, may I have the key please?" Mycroft reached into his pocket and produced a key ring with a single key on it. He handed it to his daughter. She placed her bag next to her uncles with a greeting and walked over to the shack. She opened the door and grabbed a flattened inner tube along with a pump. She filled the tube with air and put the pump back. She grabbed a child's life jacket before she closed the door.
"Ms.? We have arrived at your father's house." She smiled and got out of the car. She walked up to the door and remembered she lost her keys. She pulled out her phone and texted her father.
"Please Sig"
"Trust me, you want to see this."
"Good. How was your swim?"
"Myc, you're cooking."
"How long have you been together?"
"Why the interest in criminal justice Sigyn?" Maybe Greg will be a nice addition to her and her father's crazy family dynamic.
"Sherlock, she'll be fine." John placed a hand on the worried detective's shoulder. "Have fun girls. Not to fast Sigyn"
It had been a few hours since breakfast and she was starting to get hungry. There was a knock at her door followed by Greg's voice.
"I'd like 01/18/17 on the inside. And three little hearts on the strip."
"This is really good. Did you make it?"
"My pleasure." Greg handed Sigyn his plate but never took his attention from John. Sigyn added some pasta and bread before handing it back. He took it and handed her his salad plate. She added some salad and handed it back with some dressing. Mycroft followed suit and she gave them back just the same. She waited for John's plate. He just kept talking about Sherlock.
"Not at all. Greg won one game."
"I'm impressed. Why do the feet and hands just stop?"
"Have a good evening Sigyn." She left his room and he went back to his experiment. She looked around as she entered the living room.
"I don't care! You don't understand, I need him!"
Rosie was sitting in the inner tube when Sigyn caught sight of something under the water. She quickly looked to the shore and noticed John was missing.
"So how's school? What grade are you in?"
It was a hot day in England. Sigyn was in her room sketching. She had her balcony door open and was sitting in a chair next to it. She would get the occasional breeze. Her long auburn hair was in a high tight bun. She had on a pair of denim shorts and a thin top. She was sketching the scenery just outside. She'd always loved to draw. She had ribbons from grade school. Her father always said 'there is no future in finger painting'.
"Grab my right hand around my back and hold her mane with your left. Then just vault. "
The Doctor walked to the edge and stood next to Sherlock, he leaned forward to look over at the busy street below.
"I see you have a helmet there. Got a bike to go with it?"
"I understand."
"Sounds easy enough" he tied his towel around his neck and steadied his nerves. She reached around her small frame and waited for his hand. He grabbed her hand and held tight. He got a handful of Mattie's mane. He got a small jump and threw his right leg over the horse. As he vaulted onto the horse   Sigyn leaned forward and slightly to the opposite side. He made it up and gave a small huff of air. He slid back slightly.
And John remembers the silver packet tucked mostly neglected in the top drawer of his desk. He’d been taking them when he could remember but the back to back cases have ruined any sense of organization he had. The new business with Moriarty threw what little order he had out the window. But there were no pre-heat symptoms, no nesting, no binging…but still, there’s no doubting Sherlock’s alpha nose. A heat now is the next to the most inconvenient thing that could have occurred. Beyond that, they’re new relationship is just too young…it’s too early on to share a heat.
Hearing John say his brother’s name hopefully instead of his own hurt, but Sherlock knew he deserved much worse.
Sorry.
Sherlock set’s his pen on the tabletop and crosses clasps his hands in front of his face, “I am so very sorry, John. I never meant…” The sincerity in the detectives voice makes John look at him. He needs to endure the words about to come from the brunet’s mouth. “I never meant for that to happen. Rest assured it will never happen again,” because Sherlock will be damned if he’s ever responsible for that pained look on John’s face ever again. When there’s no response from John, he continues, “I didn’t want you to get the wrong idea.”
“Greg please I need to talk to you.” John’s eyes are wide with fear and Lestrade opens his mouth to reply, glancing at the detective who’s watching anxiously on the sidewalk. “Please.” John’s pleading and Lestrade snaps at Sherlock.
John lets out a huff of self-deprecating laughter. It sounds like a cliché you tell someone after a one-off, when the other person wants more from you then you’re offering. So here John is coming off like a heartbroken, goo-goo eyed teenager. A mortifying thought enters his mind: what if Sherlock can see right through him.
This was the fat bastard’s strategy. He was winning him over with little gifts and trinkets. He offered to get the man a service dog for God’s sake. It’s obvious his nosy sibling doesn’t think him possible of caring for another human being; no he thinks that he’s still the same volatile junkie he dropped off into rehab, or the same selfish child that made his own Jolly Roger out of Mycroft’s school uniforms.
It’s a pitiful sound that has Greg tearing his lips away.  “Hey..” He’s looking, concerned, into John’s face. John doesn’t remember closing his eyes but he suddenly realizing the fervor with which he’s squeezing them shut. He’s afraid Greg knows, somehow, and he’ll see it in his face. He can’t respond, too afraid of what will come out. “John, are you okay?”
“The wrapper was Cuban, from its structure and texture. A small bit of analysis in the lab confirmed it. The murderer was clearly not an expert criminal if he’s going to make a mistake so glaring as leave the cap end of cigar at the scene after clipping it off. So who could not only buy a high priced cigar and has been abroad recently? The father of the victims girlfriend.”
Next Chapter will be titled: The Reichenbach Fuck
time because for a terrifying moment he was not in control of his body. His mind was there but was not calling the shots. All night he stayed up trying to organize the new information he’d collected on James Moriarty, now that he finally met the man in person but his thoughts were frequently straying back to John: his intoxicating scent, his sandy blond hair, the warmth of his skin, the soft malleability of his body against Sherlock’s and the way he melted beneath his hands.
He’d spend more time on the subject but his mobile is ringing and the screen reading Mycroft Holmes is telling him the following conversation will require all his brain-power.
Everything Sherlock wanted to say was stuck in his throat: a simmering, burning mass of regret and anger. The next morning he saw an ugly violet and yellow bruise along the side of John’s jaw, leading all the way up to his cheekbone. John couldn’t see the hideous mark himself, of course, but it had to be painful. Not that the idiotic man would complain. The worst part was that John thought it was his fault.
Then Sherlock spotted the suspect: the suspect that wasn’t supposed to be here; the one that was supposed to be hiding in one of his friends’ basements. The detective took off running in pursuit of the man. He sprinted forward so suddenly and so quickly he almost sent John falling face first.
Sirens break through the fog of hormones and fear and John jumps a bit and in the split second his mind wanders from the danger with his skin between its teeth, his attacker strikes and bites painfully into the juncture where neck meets shoulder. The pain is near blinding for a second before numbness wiggles its way through his veins and into his limbs. On the positive side of things, at least the throbbing of John’s head and the ache of his body is fading fast.
Sharp pain at his temple makes him nauseous upon wakening. It’s the only thing he can feel at first but slowly he begins to register the cold seeping through his clothing and a jagged, uneven surface digging into his body. The smell of cigarette smoke and mold make it very clear: This is not Baker Street. He struggles to peel his eyes open when hears voices at the other end of the space. Opening his eyes causes crackles of fresh pain in his skull and he can’t stop the groan that comes out.
The words are a humid wisp of air against the shell of his ear.
“How am I supposed to write on the blog? I never go on cases anymore.” He’s seething a bit, he knows, but he’s stir-crazy and frustrated, “Nothing happens to me anymore.”
His gunmetal eyes snap open at the sensation of a warm wet cloth running down his back. He jolts forward, away from the strange sensation and immediately regrets the sudden movement. He bites back the moan of pain.  Looking over his shoulder at the intruder he sees a Sherlock with wide eyes, towel in one hand and basin in the other. He’s shocked for a moment and they just stare into each other’s eyes, alarm, confusion, and concern shifting between them, before John returns to his senses.
The cloying smell of chlorine is still stuck to his clothing, reminding him of the hell he just barely escaped. John should never have been in that situation and the only reason they’d gotten their hands on his blogger was because he let that man out of his sight. John had left to go to Sarah’s and that was the problem. Didn’t the omega know he was his? And yet he was running out to someone else and that put him in danger.
“There was a big one, blond buzz cut and big arms. He was the boss, I think.” John’s knows he’s still out there. He looks towards Sherlock, “He’s the one working for Moriarty. Kept calling him ‘Jim’. Said we were funny to him.”
. Why couldn’t the fat bastard just
The moment was nice while it lasted.
“We’re not a couple.”
“Stay away.” The words are an almost unintelligible snarl and Sherlock’s arms are wrapped possessively around John.
There are no more words between them for the evening. John knows he’ll be have until early morning to return to Greg’s flat (
“Mycroft?” John’s voice cracked slightly but it was obvious he was trying to hide the fact that he’d been crying.
Oh my god I am soooooo sorry. For those of you who are still here, thank you so so so much. I do not deserve your patience or forgiveness. So many apologies for you.
The night out at the pub was refreshing. They drank and laughed and Greg told  John about how all the players in the football game playing on the small screen above the booth had somehow gotten worse since their last night out.
John stared, he knows he’s gaping a little, but Sherlock’s mind never fails to amaze him.
But how can he do that now? Now that his army doctor can neither see nor observe? John can’t even offer his medical opinions on corpses anymore. He can’t help in the chases and shoot-outs. Even shifting through crime scene photographs and case files are now solo activities.
“Because you’re obviously very bored and can’t be bothered to sit through all this. We still have another hour or two left before I’m done. Go for a walk. Go get lunch. Go solve a murder. Just
God, did John want this, but – “This isn’t fair to Greg. He trusts me. We’re happy.” John’s mouth barely formed all these words, his very body fighting what was coming out of him, “I’m sorry about yesterday, but Greg and I will be okay, and you and I
Sometimes John worried that Sherlock would get wrapped up in a really interesting mystery and forget about him and he would be left stranded in this strange land (his own flat was now dangerous to him), hardly able to care for himself. Sometimes John wished that he would.
John’s panting against the detective’s throat, wet puffs of air against the pale column of skin. John’s denim-clad legs squeezing the slim hips and he’s mortified at his actions. More than embarrassment is a churning shame. He wished he’d at least had a couple more beers so he could blame it on the alcohol. There’s no way he’ll be able to explain why he’s currently straddling and snogging Sherlock Holmes to his (
-----
“No. Let me finish.” His voice wasn’t cracking anymore, suddenly confident, he says with an even tone, “I miss the color of your eyes…but I don’t think I ever really appreciated the texture of your skin. Or the way your chest rumbles and vibrates when you talk. Like a bloody cat purring when you’re showing off. I never paid much attention to the smell of just
John loves Sherlock, trusts him so implicitly, like he never thought he could even trust someone. But he doesn’t know how Sherlock feels about him. This makes him so open and vulnerable and there’s a good chance this could end in total heartbreak.
“Somethings going to happen tomorrow, isn’t it?” Sherlock stills but doesn’t look John in the face.  A kiss is planted on the soft skin of John’s throat, so soft he can barely believe it’s from the same man who was marking him enthusiastically two minutes ago. It’s delicate, the way leaves fall to the ground when the seasons change and the trees are bare. Things are going to change, and Sherlock knows but won’t divulge his secrets. That gentle kiss is a promise and plea: Trust me, please. You can trust me.
“Jesus, John, you okay, mate?” Lestrade is approaching the duo. He freezes several feet from John, his nostrils flaring. John’s only half focusing, trying to articulate something but he’s having difficulties keeping his mind on one stream of thought.
-----
Three little words.
and Sherlock’s mind is imploding at the sensory information. He grabs at the strong arms that are gripping the back of the sofa, caging Sherlock in. He doesn’t know if it’s to pull the blond closer or push him off. He should stop this right now, and he’s about to, when he feels John’s tongue brush against his. He settles his hands on John’s waist and pulls the man so he’s straddling him because he needs him closer
Mycroft’s threat has been lingering in the back of Sherlock’s head since he came home to find his brother in the flat with his doctor.
Mycroft’s threats were pushed to the back of his mind as he ran to the bedroom. He slowed as he crossed the threshold. John was curled in the bed, awake but drowsy. Upon closer inspection, Sherlock could see dried tears on his cheeks and his dusty eyelashes were still damp. He obviously had some sort of panic attack.
"Professor Plum, with the dagger, in the library!" Greg grabbed the evidence envelope and looked inside.
"What does that make it? Four games in a row?"
"Ya a little." She finished the toast and drank the tea. As Sigyn drank they talked. The conversation wasn't life changing. It was mostly about their childhoods. What it was like growing up with Mycroft as a father, why Greg chose to be a DI, what life at school was like, how Greg wished he saw his boys more, and just about anything that came to mind. Sigyn's eyes started drooping.
"GAME NIGHT!!!"
"My apologies dear Sigyn. I will try to make it up to you."
"I'm heading home now, but maybe your daddy can bring you by to play with Mattie?"
"Just if you had something to ask my father?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Would you like to give her a treat?" Sigyn reached into the side bag and pulled out a few carrots. She handed one to Rosie.
"Sherlock, you gotta hide." The Doctor could barely be seen behind a tree. Why was he hiding? Sherlock turned just in time to see a puffy eyed Mrs. Hudson get out of a taxi and face the opposite side. Knowing she'd never come alone he was by the Doctor's side quicker then it took for her to turn around. For an unexpected reason, he was surprised when John showed up beside her. They walked in silence to the tomb stone. Once they reached it Mrs. Hudson was the first to speak,
"Two rows of black diamonds, one on each side, a plain black strip in the middle. It looks plain from a distance, but once you get a closer look it's beauty shines. It can be engraved on both the inside and on the strip."
"I did not 'ok' this!" He yelled as he hit the un-breakable glass at the center of the consul, only resulting in his hand throbbing and ends up making a face that can only be described as a spoiled child's that didn't get his way.
"He's a mess, a complete wreck. I tried to take him on an adventure, but it didn't work the way I intended. He's still at you flat, he sleeps in your bed every night, he stopped going to work at the clinic, he even stopped associating with people. Well, except me but I'm more like an insect that won't leave." It was at that moment a black taxi caught the Doctor's eye, he knew it had to be the taxi with John in it. "That would be John," he motioned with a nod of his head "now will be the time to decide. Come and possibly change the future, or jump and never tell John how you feel and find out how he feels." the Doctor walked back to the TARDIS. A snap of his fingers and the doors were open. Hoping Sherlock was following him, he walked into the TARDIS.
It's not easy being the only child of the most powerful man in all of England. You don't make friends easily, only get to see your father once a year, have no clue who your mother is, and have to change your name way to often.
"Nothing interesting." Sigyn started getting the food while Mycroft put his things away in his office. Greg emerged from the basement.
"Your worse than you father. Here, sit up." Sigyn sat up with a groan. Greg handed her a bowl of soup and a spoon.
"Thank you Sigyn. You know I think you are the only Holmes I've met that doesn't display her intelligence like a badge."
"Of course! I would be happy to!"
"Of course not dear." Mrs. Hudson took Rosie by the hand and right to the bathroom.
"You can't take the medication on an empty stomach."
"Who fitting in well?" Greg walked down the stairs drying his hair with a fluffy towel.
"How do you know all that?"
"Well!" Sigyn tickled Rosie and made her laugh. Just then John Watson walked in the barn. He was smiling. A nervous Sherlock Holmes followed close behind.
"If I go back and stop him from jumping, time as we know it would no longer be. All of time would happen at once, until things are put right. Trust me I know" The Doctor was currently spread out on the couch facing a pale John.
Mycroft finished his trip early and wanted to surprise his family. He got out of the black town car and noticed a light was on. He turned his key and opened the door. The TV was on a sports recap show.
"You don't know how much this means to me."
John kept the flat in the same state it was in when Sherlock was there: his chair remained in its same spot, a knife in the un-paid bills on the fire place right next to his "friend's" skull, microscope and slides still on the kitchen table, even the dust line was left un-touched. The only difference was the man himself, he was no longer physically there.
She walked down the hall and into her room. She was hoping for some alone time with her father. Looked like that wasn't gunna happen. She changed into some sleeping clothes and climbed into bed, hopeful that it was all a dream.
"Anything?"
"Of course Mr. Holmes," the sales woman motioned for Sigyn to follow her. They entered the fitting room, again. Sigyn waited for the clamps to be removed before she took the dress off. After she put on the first dress she tried, the sales woman pulled at the fabric around her waist and added the clamps. She left the dressing room and stood in front of the huge mirror.
"Hey Sig." Greg gave an address to the driver and sat next to Sigyn.
"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to celebrate the coming together of one John Watson and one Sherlock"
"That's the one!"
"Yes, Gregory."
"They are not beautiful! Get Rosie down now!"
"How?"
He rode into town and straight to the market. He parked and entered the store. He got a cart. He took off his helmet and placed it in the cart. He headed to the juice aisle and picked up a couple orange juice cartons. Next the medication. He browsed the different types and finally found one he thought would work. He also grabbed a bag of cough drops. He also got a whole cooked chicken, a couple bags of noodles, chicken stock, and some frozen veggies. He took the groceries to the checkout. He put the groceries on the belt. The checkout girl started ringing him up.
Her mind wondered. She thought about her family, her lack of friends, how her father was in a relationship, and how would she tell him about what happened with school? She sat back up and started Mattie off toward the barn. They ran to the edge of the lake and slowed to a walk. Greg was finishing his swim. He walked out of the lake and grabbed the towel he brought with him. He noticed them and smiled when they walked up.
Sherlock was frantic. He looked right past her as he called her name. He had his suit on but his tie wasn't tied and his cuffs were open. Sigyn touched his arm and he jumped.
"Sherlock has been out of trouble recently." Greg pored wine for him and her father as Sigyn pored the water.
"Finally!"
"WHY DID I FALL FOR SUCH A MORON?!" John Watson came crashing through the front door like a hurricane. He paced back and forth in the living room. The noise caused Mycroft to emerge from his office and Greg from the kitchen. Everyone just stood motionless as John paced. He mumbled something about cheekbones and intelligence.
Sherlock’s been back for
Clients are nearly constantly visiting the flat and there’s no shortage of interesting cases. Well, interesting enough for the consulting detective to deem worth his time. It’s great news for Sherlock’s mind, and subsequently, their walls, but bad news for John’s social life.
I mean....a 6 year hiatus? sorry
The more comments and kudos the faster I update. This chapter is short but the good news is that the next chapter is already written and it's over twice the length of this one. Might go back to edit, might not. Much too early to tell.
And he’s so close to finally getting a leg over with a gorgeous and tall alpha teacher when Sherlock practically chases her out of the flat without so much as lifting a finger.
Sherlock’s dissecting him, eyes tracing his nervous twitching. What does John feel guilty about? Is it for jumping Sherlock, although the advance was very welcome? Or is it for the betrayal of his partner who sits at home, tired from a day at work, waiting for John to come home and fall into bed? The latter sends a fissure of sharp pain up his spine that spreads to a dull ache in his lungs. He tries not to dwell on
He wants to give in, and it’s an increasing possibility as he feels Sherlock begin to give light licks to his chin and neck, but he remembers everything Sherlock’s said about bonding. Sherlock doesn’t want to bond. He’s made it known on several occasions how cumbersome the entire thing is. How a mate would only get in the way of the Work, his only true passion – and John starts to feel humiliated by his own desperation. If he lets this go any further than flatmate’s, best friends, and then Sherlock will hate him come morning and normal brain function.
At the first press of their erections, John’s gasping. He can’t quite get air in his lungs between the grinds and caresses. When Sherlock runs his thumb around the tip, smearing pre-cum down the head of his flushed cock, it’s like he’s sinking. John’s wrapped a hand around the nape of Sherlock’s neck as he leaves bites and red welts down the blond’s chest. There’s a worry in the back of John’s mind that he’s breaking skin where his nails are digging into the detective’s side but the jolts of pleasure shooting from the base of his cock and up his spine are keeping his mind pleasantly blank.
Retinal tears are basic and easy to fix, even if they result in a retinal detachment but John was mostly out of it for four days and it was a while longer until he was coherent enough to comment on his decreasing vision.
It won't happen like this.
Sex and dubious biology come to those who wait
I tried not to focus on the Irene Adler case too much because it's almost the complete same as what happened in the canon, any changes that were made to fit the story are addressed. There will be nasty omegaverse sex next chapter, or at least a good attempt at it.
“I think we should address the events of last night.”
Sherlock wasn’t a passing cloud in summer, he’d turned into a rainstorm, to a cold front, to a natural disaster
“Sherlock, if I wanted to post your account of a case word for bloody word then there isn’t much point. They can all go and read yours.” Sherlock is silent in response and John turns on his heel, heading towards the kitchen.
“No, John” of course John recognized that deep voice.  Sherlock approached the bed and sat on the edge, putting his hand out and brushed John’s cheeks with the back of his fingers. The blond crawled across the bed a bit to put his head on Sherlock’s hip.
After what feels like an eternity, John wraps his arms around Sherlock neck, kisses the corner of his mouth sweetly, and nods. Sherlock is excited, but keeps himself in check as he pulls out just a bit and shallowly thrusts back in. He keeps a slow pace, pulling out further and further each time before thrusting back into that consuming heat.
-  “It’s what people do, don’t they – leave a note?”
“Well good luck with that,” John pulls his arm from the alpha’s grasp and continues his path through the cemetery.
His socks weren’t the same color. He could see where John had tried to dress himself, missing the buttonholes on his shirt. Sherlock clicked his tongue in annoyance and started unbuttoning the collar, and as he started pushing the plastic disks between the worn holes it was revealed that John had put his vest on inside out. John had been too embarrassed to ask Mrs. Hudson for help dressing and he didn’t know when Sherlock would return so he’d opted not to stay in his pajamas all day. Of course, Sherlock had forgotten to lay out John’s clothing the night before in his rush to start the investigation.
“Please Greg I need your help.” Immediately Lestrade is worried his missed something, a serious injury or something. The panic in John’s voice disturbs him. “I need you to keep Sherlock away from me.”
“No. You’ve been honest. That’s all you’ve ever been when it comes to…” He gestures wildly at himself before gesturing towards Sherlock, “this. I get it. Perfect. It’s fine.” John’s face is red from humiliation and anger.
He’s trying not to show how much it affects him, but he’s never been very good at schooling his facial expressions, and it’s obvious the detective notices when he wraps one of his hands around John’s smaller ones. John doesn’t share the same faith in his abilities, but Sherlock’s tone makes him want to.
tags will change for the next chapter.
“You said you believed in me. You know I’m for real.” John has no idea where Sherlock is going with this so he’s listening so carefully. The pleading look on the alpha’s face is pulling at him to be cautious. “You trust me, John, so please trust me now.” He’s never seen those sea-green eyes round and unsure like that, but he has faith in his detective. John feels like he’ll choke if he tries to speak so he just nods, solemnly, afraid of what it means.
He knows he’s in danger and pretty much incapacitated but John valiantly tries to shuffle and crawl away, holding back a yell when he falls on his side and jostles his tender ribs.
“Of course, Doctor Watson.” The greying man focuses on the task at hand, deft fingers twisting at the dials and lights as though the interruption never happened. “But you know, from where I was sitting it appeared your friend wasn’t bored. He looked nervous.” He’s muttering to John as he pulls out some more equipment. John can hear the clinking as he gets it in place. “During examinations, we keep the room mostly dark so I can use the tools in here more effectively. It lets me see more than most doctors because when the lights dim people seem to have an immediate reaction. They drop their faces, completely unaware of it, usually.” John is silent, listening. He was a surgeon, then a GP. He’s unfamiliar with the environment this ophthalmologist works in.
Sherlock freezes, bent over the lip of the tub, hands on the taps; Why was he still in here, anyway? Doting on John? He was on autopilot, and he’s sure if he’d gone uninterrupted he would have stripped John and placed him in the tub, scrubbing him down until he was clean and relaxed, taking great care around the bruises on his body. The large multi-colored one marking the expanse of the doctor’s ribs made his inner alpha growl with concern and anger.
- “Heat. Early stages.” The small fold between Sherlock’s eyes mark his confusion, “You’ve been skipping your medicines. You shouldn’t smell like that.”
“John”
Sherlock never says ‘I love you’ but John always knew it by the way Sherlock would look at him over a corpse, or the twitch of his lips when he did something clever. These were things John couldn’t see now. So Sherlock has become the kind of person who says ‘I love you’ when handing him a cup of tea in the morning.
I’m sorry John.” He still won’t open his eyes but Sherlock keeping an iron tight grip on his self-control to stay still and let John adjust to his girth. The unshed tears from a few moments ago are starting to leave trails down John’s fever red cheeks. It hurts, but he knows it’ll pass. “
“The Look!”
Sherlock straightens at the omegas new behaviour. Why is John angry at him? He apologized for forcing himself on him. He’s clarified his disappointing behavior was a one-time slip up. He’s shown concern for John’s well-being, he even made sure that the blond was uninjured before he went to bed.
But Sherlock was so good to him that it made John angry.
John. He promised Sherlock he wasn’t in pain or seriously hurt “I took a bullet to the shoulder, remember? It’s going to take more than a swat from a lanky detective to hurt me.”
There’s a dull ache on his neck that intensifies into a stinging sensation as Greg pulls away.
Ah. This question gets a reaction. Sherlock tightens an arm around John’s waist pulling him in close and Lestrade’s eyes snap up to his rear-view mirror to make eye contact with John.
as the door closes behind it.
John was silent as Sherlock finished wrapping his hand. The detective knelt as he carefully bandaged the injured foot then stood, kissed his doctor on the top of soft blond hair, and turned to clean up the broken shards of mug off the floor, pointedly ignoring the dejected look on his blogger’s face.
“I’ll have to tranq him, you know. If I try to approach him, he’ll go feral and think I’m challenging him.” It’s required for officers to carry tranquilizers along with their firearms because it’s not too uncommon to come across feral alphas that would be too difficult to subdue without serious injury.
“Sherlock…” He’s panting so hard it’s embarrassing, “Sherlock…just-”When he feels those slender talented fingers near his entrance his blood feels like its on fire, “Get on with it!”  Sherlock’s got three fingers flexing and curling in the tight passage, and he’s sucking red marks along John’s inner thighs. Had this been any other time, John would have loved the foreplay and teasing but in the desperate, wanton state he’s in now, he’s quickly getting frustrated. He knows Sherlock’s enjoying it that prick.
with John Watson.
Something close to guilt still boils away in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach. Last night was as close to terrified as he’s gotten in a long,
!” The threat turns into a debauched moan when the brunet takes the head of John’s penis into his mouth. Applying light suction to the swollen glands, he tongues at the slit. The bitter tang explodes across his tongue and Sherlock could swear that sucking off John Watson is all he wants to do for the rest of his life. Sherlock trails the dry pad of a finger along John’s perineum and a smug smile breaks across his face when his blogger lets out a high keening sound, he’s sure Lestrade doesn’t pull sounds like that from the man.
“John,” The moment demands something be said, “John, my apologies. I didn’t mean to…lose control like that.” The blood is still buzzing in Sherlock’s veins and he’s willfully trying to ignore the throbbing between his legs.
. Was what he didn’t say; it’s what he’ll never say because Sherlock Holmes doesn’t
“So, you’ve decided to
He nearly halts all movement when he hears John’s raspy, quiet voice, “Knot me”
“I don’t have friends” And John is really going to hit him- “I’ve just got one” and John’s body seems to uncoil a bit when he sees the nervous schoolboy glances Sherlock’s throwing between John and the ground. It’s such a vulnerable look on the detective.
“You…bit me” John is shocked at the rough treatment. Visible bites and marks is just so unlike Greg, not since the first few weeks of their relationship when everything was so new and unsure. When the loneliness had settled and grief had faded, they realized they didn’t need the juvenile possessiveness. What they had wasn’t thrown together in the wake of Sherlock Holmes.
-but running that warm cloth over John earlier had nothing to do with biology. No hormones made him want to kiss away each bruise on his doctor’s body or promise him he won’t let anyone hurt him again. It wasn’t his alpha side that told him not to use John’s favorite mug to hold severed index fingers. No pheromones drove him to play his most soothing compositions on his violin when he knew John was in the throes of a nightmare.
“Yes, Lestrade: We. Are you faculties really that stunted? John and –“ John. Sherlock looks frantically around him and doesn’t see the doctor anywhere. They were both ambushed after following the trail of the dealers responsible for murdering six people in a two day time span, yet Sherlock stands alone on the damp grass and smooth gravel. Sherlock’s here yet his attacker and companion are gone. “John’s been taken. Why would they take only John?”
Greg squeezed his eyes shut and tried to take deep breaths. His thoughts are growing out of control, after all it was just a small bruise. Who is to say it was a kiss mark? It could have been from anything. John and Sherlock run the streets and alleyways like teenagers, bumps and bruises are unavoidable the way they live life. Is he projecting his scars from past relationships onto his current one? Unsatisfied with his thoughts, but unwilling to be with them any longer, Greg closed his eyes and drifted, hoping a peace would come with morning.
“Seriously, you’re a mess. Go take a shower.” Greg plants a warm kiss on John’s forehead that makes his chest ache.  His smile makes John weak because it’s so big and earnest and lovely and he could cry for the cruelty of it. John smiles back in that moment.
“Please.”
This whole bloody mess could have been avoided. If he hadn’t of turned down the alleyway, or if they’d called for backup, or, or,
“It’s amazing Sherlock, this program helps me write and use the internet by speaking to it and it can read things back to me. It’s quite impressive.”
“You could have just called Mrs. Hudson for help.” Sherlock tried to keep his voice soft but the words sounded tense in his own ears. It’s bad enough he’d done this John, he didn’t need the man hurting himself on top of it. When John stayed silent, head bowed slightly, he let out a frustrated growl and pulled him toward a chair, forcing the doctor to sit while he went to grab a first aid kit.
The spoon stirring John’s tea comes to an abrupt halt at the declaration. He’d resigned himself to completely ignoring what had transpired. To bring it up is so un-Sherlockian that he’s both eager to hear what the detective has to say and dreading being flayed open and analyzed under Sherlock’s unyielding eyes. John risks a glance at the detective who is seated at their strangely clean (well maybe not what you’d call
“Sit down, already. Before you run into something.”
“- doubt, John. I’ve never doubted myself, my senses. Now, I’m doubting, and not just this ‘hound’ but everything –
“Right,” But his tone is anything but convinced. As stupid as it is in such a dangerous situation while sporting a concussion, multiple contusions, and bruised, possibly cracked, ribs, all John can think about is how tired he is of people thinking Sherlock and him are sleeping together. He’s about to sputter out an exasperated ‘We’re not mated’ but his blood freezes when he feels something warm and wet on his skin. “Yes it’s a
Sherlock had asked Mrs. Hudson to help John with dinner and let him know Sherlock was “out and about with the good DI” but John was wary to accept too much help from their landlady. He had his pride and was reluctant to even ask Sherlock for assistance, so it wasn’t too big of a surprise to find the short blond standing in the kitchen, leaning heavily on one foot, with his hand under the faucet, while the lino was littered with ceramic shards and tea. The detective went straight to the man and grabbed his wrist, wanting to survey the damage for himself.
John gives a solemn nod. He’ll be out of his heat before the sedative wears off and he makes sure to tell Lestrade to inform Mrs. Hudson about their situation so she can check on Sherlock while John’s incapacitate. They split up on the landing of flat B and John makes his agonizing way up to his room.
“I know you are.” John grabbed onto Sherlock’s shirt and gripped the material in his clenched fists, like the detective might slip away from him again. “You can’t…” a few shuddering breaths, ”You can’t do that to me, Sherlock!” It was anger, but it was half-hearted. Sherlock ran his fingers through the soft blond hair. It was longer than John would normally allow it to grow, but John wasn’t able to see how shaggy it had become.
His belly is covered in drying and flaking semen and he’d fallen asleep in a disgusting wet spot full of his own excretions. There are a couple of spots of blood stained into his sheets here and there, from wounds that went uncared from the evening before mixing with dried sweat and tears.  When he looks up, dazed, he doesn’t miss the laser-focused look on Sherlock’s face. Following his gaze, he realizes the detective is staring rather unabashedly at the soft flesh of John’s stomach trailing down to land on his flaccid penis lying against his bruised thigh. John’s face flushes a deep red as he pulls up a sheet to cover his naked body. He’s never been shy about his body before, that kind of modesty is quickly stripped on the field and in the army, but having that analytic stare focused on his small (although fairly standard to bigger than average for an omega) prick and his soft torso makes him suddenly self-conscious. He’s lost his toned physique after being shot. The infection and recovery stripped him of the muscles he’d worked hard for, and being hindered by a psychosomatic limp made keeping fit an ordeal, even now his erratic sleep patterns and too-much takeaway made up for the all the running around London the duo did. He was by no way pudgy or overweight, but he was no longer as young and fit as he was once. It shouldn’t matter to him, but he felt like he didn’t need to give the detective another reason to not want him.
Was there, truly, no victim in all of this? John never wants to lose anyone else.
-----
“Hello, John.” The army doctors eyes snapped up to the bureaucrat’s face. A plastic smile crawls across Mycroft’s face, “Good. You’re here with us.”
“I should know better than anyone else how stupid it is to try and restrain a person having a night terror,” Stupid,
shame he hasn’t bonded with you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
-----
“If my associates had been smarter, they would’ve put a bullet in the detective’s brain before snatching you up.” John’s still a touch confused but he knows he needs to get away and he squirms in the man’s grip. The blond shakes him a bit and tightens his grip on John’s wrists painfully. “Now, none of that sweetheart. Holmes will be here soon so I’ll need to split before then.” He brings his face close to John’s and the omega can smell the tobacco on his breath. “He cares for you, you know. Honestly cares, possibly even loves if he can even feel that kinda stuff. Jim loves it, thinks it’s the funniest thing in the world. Question is: what does he see in you?”
if one is inclined to use those kinds of titles, is dating Detective Inspector Lestrade.
“No.”
Sherlock watches John’s small, careful hands as he runs the terry cloth over their bodies. His hands are cautious and hesitant, trying to be as efficient as possible to make sure he gets every spot. He’s missed an area around his own hip but the concentration the man has put towards this one task tells the detective that this fulfills more than just his need to nurture.
Sherlock grit his teeth, “I will get him the best help and the best medicines”
Throwing the towel behind him, John snuggles up to Sherlock’s side, his head on the lean chest. One hand gropes for his and when he finds it he laces his fingers with the long violinists’, memorizing each crevasse and callous. Neither one of them can quite fall asleep. John squeezes his hand before finally speaking up.
The blond laves the area where he’s broken skin with his tongue and John hisses at the sting, “Funs over then. I better run before Holmes and his dogs get here.” He lowers the omega gently to the ground but John barely notices a thing beyond his swimming mind and thrumming body. The sudden rush of chemicals in his bloodstream is a shock to the system. He feels a hand pat his head a few times, like a dog, and suddenly he’s feeling too cold without another body pressed against his. “Maybe some other time Watson.”
Greg grabs ahold of himself to guide himself into John. “Jesus-“ He almost forgets to breath as he’s gripped by the hot velvet passage. He stills, letting John adjust to avoid any unnecessary discomfort. It’s been so long since he’s had John this way, since they’ve fallen into bed together at all, that Greg wonders why. There’s a worry, in the back of his mind, that it’ll be over too soon so he takes a moment and collects himself only setting a pace when John starts squirming and gasping underneath him.
. Lestrade is why he didn’t grab John the moment he saw him and push him against the door of their flat and let him know just how sorry he was for everything. Lestrade is the reason Sherlock returned to Baker Street alone, without his blogger in tow.
As much as John loathes doing it, he needs to stop this now because the worse that can come of this is a couple of days of awkward coexistence that neither one of them will bring it up.
He lowers John onto the toilet lid and starts the water, as hot as he can get the pipes to pump out, “I can do that, you’re free to do, uhmm, experiments or, uh, whatever.” John’s mortified enough covered in bruises and his own fluids, he wants some time for self-loathing and pity.
Sherlock gathered the tired blogger in his arms and held tightly.
the Yarders are so fond of).
“Stop that.” At a questioning look from John, the detective gives a long-suffering sigh, “
I really intended to put an end to all my current WIP fics last year because I have most of a story written before I publish the first chapter but my computer broke last summer and I haven't been able to access any of the files on there so I kind of had to find a way to continue and conclude all these stories without what I'd previously written or even my notes and outlines :(
-----
(See the end of the chapter for
He must be a burden to the detective. John could barely get dressed by himself, although his therapist said that he’ll be more independent in the future once he and Sherlock adjust.
“Idiot.”
-----
Okay I wrote this chapter while listening to Wrecking Ball and Sun on Sunday on loop so that's why it's such a hot mess.
John can only stare because they’re words he wants, but not what he’d ever expected, to hear. It’s painful to love someone who doesn’t want him but he’d accepted that a while ago, deciding he’d rather have whatever he can get. If he can only have Sherlock as a friend and a flatmate, that’s fine, because it’s better than not having him at all. It’s so tempting to let those words burrow into his heart and fill him with warm hope but John’s pragmatic so he lets out a low disbelieving chuckle.
Sherlock’s long fingers frame John’s face, tilting his head up, “John, you won’t lose me again”. He punctuates the statement by taking John’s mouth in a kiss, as soft as a kiss can be. It’s slow, filled with regret, longing, and power. John locks his arm behind Sherlock’s head, trying to deepen it, because every time he tells himself he’s okay, and he’s dealt with everything that’s happened the last few years, it flies out of his head the second he sees Sherlock. He hurts,
A compliment, a real one, from Sherlock Holmes.  It softens him.
The pained way John had said “It’s not real”, punched the air from his lungs, but the fact that John wouldn’t look him in the eyes when he said it speaks volumes. Those words sounded so practiced, like John was used to hearing them but when he muttered them in the steam-filled bathroom he wasn’t talking to Sherlock, the body language was all wrong for that…no it was like he was reminding himself, showing restraint.
Sherlock has had enough of his brother’s overbearing, cryptic messages.
Those beautiful blue eyes are so open, dampened with tears, honest. Sherlock is nearly stunned by the display. His lungs have nearly stopped in his chest. John Watson is trusting him so completely, he’s given him his beating bloody heart to have. John has done something no substance or mystery on earth could accomplish: he’s stopped Sherlock Holmes’ mind. He can’t think. He’s stuck on the beautiful creature in front of him.
He pulls the greying man onto the bed, falling until they’re lying side by side, the fronts of their bodies touching softly  as Greg frames John’s face with his hands kissing him. John lets Greg lead the kiss, not wanting to take more than he deserves. He’ll take whatever the older man is willing to give and he’ll be grateful for it.  Slowly, the kiss is deepened and Greg tilts their heads to lick his way into the warmth of John’s mouth.  It’s maddeningly tender and it’s ripping John’s heart to shreds, he’s suddenly touch starved and he’s leaving crescent moon shaped indents in Greg’s skin with his desperate grip. When the yarder runs a rough hand so fondly through the still damp locks of dishwater blond hair John whimpers into his mouth.
“It’s the last time. Of course, John”
“Tell me, if I was stuck like this, if this surgery fails, would it matter? Would it change how you feel about me?”
He yanks the blond’s body against his own, crushing him against his chest. Their lips are smashed together and he cuts himself on John’s teeth. He manipulates the angle until it’s a proper kiss and their mouths are sealed together again, tongues colliding and teeth biting. As John sucks roughly on the detective’s plush lower lip, Sherlock takes the opportunity to slip cold hands underneath the knitted material of John’s jumper. The blogger shivers as he feels the electricity of expert fingers on his skin.
“Sherlock, run upstairs and start a hot water bath for John. It’ll help him with the worst of the cramps.” Sherlock gives Lestrade an appraising stare, suspicious. “I was bonded before, I do know a bit about omegas.”
“I’m sorry about that, Doctor, he’s acts like a bloody child. Most of my physicians end up kicking him out themselves. Please continue.” John’s used to apologizing for Sherlock’s behavior, although Hart seems to have dealt with it far longer than most.
John tastes like orange chicken and beer and
“John, really –“
John tries taking a step back, because this is far too intimate an act for flatmates, leaning back, trying to dislodge the detectives face from his neck. But as soon as he feels him pull away Sherlock’s tightening his grip on the omega’s hips and pulling him flush against his body. He’s growling in John’s ear, a low rumbling sound that John can feel in his bones. A warning. It’s not going to be so easy to extricate himself from the territorial Alpha, but he’s a soldier and he can use force if he needs to. He’s really hoping he doesn’t though, mostly because he’s not one hundred percent sure he can take the feral detective in his shaken state. But by God he’d try.
-----
Sherlock bounds into Baker Street, a slight high from the case he’s been on for twenty hours. A simple thing really: wife faked her death and stole a couple million from her husband to run off to the States with her mistress. There was a good bit of undercover work, a break in, and an opportunity to show off in front of Lestrade and the others. It was good.
For the first time, The Great Sherlock Holmes was at a loss for words.
Sherlock knew that John’s condition was entirely his fault. He tried to apologize.
(See the end of the chapter for
They can’t diagnose without a proper list of signs and symptoms. “That means twice as much recovery time, more pills, more nausea, and more pain.” John’s hung his head. Although he couldn’t see the man, it was a habit to look away when he didn’t want to hear anymore. Sherlock caught onto the act immediately. Like a shark smelling blood in the water, “But that’s not it. You’re not worried about recovery or side effects.”
. Don’t use that word. I’m not broken Sherlock.”
John is fighting the taunts.  Adler knows and she’s baiting him and he’d care more if he had any embarrassment left. He’s confused by the mixed signals Sherlock’s been giving him but he’s always confused by the man. He’s always hard to understand by almost everyone. John refuses to give himself any false pretenses that Sherlock cares for him more than just a best friend because he thinks it could be anything more and he’s wrong….it’s unthinkable. This has to be enough for him.
Sherlock corners Mycroft the moment he steps out into the hall.
Not because he needs to mark John, not because John needs an Alpha’s protection, and not because of some other person trying to steal away his amazing-fantastic-brave John. He’s here because he decided to play around with a psychopath and his best friend got caught up in the crossfire.
“You could.”
Find me on tumblr for possible sneak peeks and previews, or just to bug me to update. Comments and Kudos appreciated.
“Stop. I am not a child.”
Mycroft can doubt him as much as he likes but Sherlock will be there for John, for everything. He won’t let him down. He loves him and he’ll take care of him for as long as John will have him.
was apologizing to
There’s a crack. It’s deafening, it has to be because John can’t hear anything. He’s lost his hearing. Everything is buzzing. There’s a crack, the earth splitting, the heavens breaking, his chest is splintered. Everything is white noise, muddled and indistinct. He’s being blinded, too because he can’t see anything but the bloodied figure in front of him and even that’s fading away, like a fog settling on everything. His words are slurred, he can hardly walk. There’s a pain spreading across his body, it’s like he’s being shot all over again except he feels it in every extremity and every organ.  Everything’s so cloudy and unreal, the only thing he’s sure of is the still-warm skin of Sherlock’s wrist in his grip.
As he watched John dress for bed, and sink onto the pillows, Greg’s mind raced. The presence of Sherlock Holmes ushered self-doubt into his core. Sherlock took control of every crime scene, and every case, and it was more than annoying, but a bruised ego was nothing so long as justice was served.  But now Greg stood to lose something
Just so you're aware A Scandal on Baker Street was only supposed to be one chapter but I wrote it and it was just wayyyyy to long to post as one chapter so I split it into three different parts.
“Greg.” John musters all his concentration to utter the name in his most serious tone, the tone that sent underlings to battle and medics to action. It’s Captain Watson beneath Lestrade in that moment and he tries to pull his mind off his throbbing erection to focus on the words coming out of him, “I need you to fuck me, right now.”
It’s still so early on, Sherlock worries about hurting John who is squirming pathetically against the duvet, his slick staining the soft cloth. There’s a whimpering sound emanating from the blond omega and it’s so  out of character it nearly cracks Sherlock’s heart in two. He holds those slim hips still, stopping the rutting partly to ground his omega and partly because he doesn’t want any more of the deliciously musky fluid being wasted.
When they reach Sherlock’s bedroom, they separate for the thirty seconds it takes to shed the rest of their clothes, stripped down to their pants, John pushes the detective towards the bed. Giving a shove to his right shoulder, John crawls over Sherlock on all fours, their bodies just barely brushing. He’s leaving a gorgeous trail of nips and bruises along Sherlock’s pale chest when the taller man suddenly bucks and switches their positions. John’s disorientated for a moment before he realizes that he’s spread eagle on the mattress, a mischievous detective licking his way down John’s torso.
So, yes, the ex-army doctor is mortified at the possibility that Sherlock Holmes has been aware of his feelings the entire time, but John’s humiliation is turning to fire in his veins. If the alpha has known this entire time then there’s no doubt he’s been taking advantage of it and sudden paranoia grips him that he’s the butt of some kind of joke.
-----
He starts forward towards the noise but Adler holds her hand out, halting him, “I don’t think so.”
him, and although he’d been back for a few months, this was the first time he was sure Sherlock was there – and only a phone call or cab ride away. It was real, or at least John was pretty sure it was real, that it happened. It had happened, and then John came home to Greg and had sex with him like he hadn’t had his cock in Sherlock’s mouth hours before –
John jumps, instinctually intimidated by the unmistakable tone of an angry alpha. He meets the detective’s eyes and his startled by the fiery power they hold. Sherlock stalks toward John’s armchair and cages the man in, gripping the threadbare armrests. His face is so close John can smell cigarette smoke with every wild exhale (a complaint he files away for a later time). John’s pushed himself as far back as the chair will allow but Sherlock just follows, those sea glass eyes and sharp cheekbones are dominating his field of vision.
------
John was wrong about being up before Sherlock; he didn’t take into account having to recover not only from a microheat but from a kidnapping as well. On top of that, Sherlock most likely burned through the sedative faster than the average person would, with his dubious past where drugs are involved. When John does wake, it’s with a pitiful groan as every ache in his body becomes known. He keeps his eyes resolutely shut, hesitant to move and aggravate his sore body. Gods he would be perfectly content to never move again for the rest of his life.
He doesn’t know how long he sat there with his eyes clenched shut, taking measured breaths before warm arms came around his shoulders.
“Don’t worry Sherlock. I’ve not deluded myself into thinking you’ve suddenly fallen for me.” John gets up and dumps his tepid cuppa into the sink. He doesn’t need those pitying eyes. “It was just hormones.” God knows the real Sherlock couldn’t feel anything more for him.
…” He stops and spins on his heel. Sherlock hasn’t moved but his eyes are tracking the nervous movements. John’s face is guilt-ridden “God Sherlock I’m so sorry, I don’t know what came over me”. He’s fucked it all up.
-----
but definitely safe looking) dining table: microscope, notebook, and slides lined up in front of him. Briefly he wonders what the experiment is about and if it has to do with Moriarty.  Judging from the strange feather assortment in front of them man, he’s doubting it’s any more than recreational research. John doesn’t see any dead birds laying around which leaves him to wonder where Sherlock even got the feathers from. If his stomach wasn’t knotted with anxiety, he’d laugh at the mental image of the tall brunet chasing pigeons in the streets to collect samples.
To lose someone by death is painful but everyone dies, eventually. It’s one of the few guarantees we get in life. The pain of losing his best friend was horrid, John cannot deny, but if Greg was to leave him…well that’s entirely different. To lose someone in life is a lasting ache because he’d have to wake up every day and know that they’re out there, somewhere, living, smiling, and dreaming without him. Death is unavoidable, John can begrudge mortality only so much.
“John”
Music notes. Love notes. Suicide Notes.
editing might be done later, expect the notes to be added
An impatient tap from Sherlock’s biro brings John’s attention back to the question at hand.
Sherlock has never liked anything simple, the more complex the better. He built his life, is business, hell, his relationship off of the need for it. He doesn't want John to be a puzzle he solves and throws aside. He needs to be as clear and simple as possible in regards to John, if he could only figure out how
John’s body is thrumming, electrified, terrified, thrilled, overwhelmed. His eyes are watering. Even without this, without the threat of Moriarty, the trial, the kidnappings, everything, John knows, and maybe has known since the beginning,
John holds his wrist to his face and pulls a deep breath, then cranes his neck to take a whiff of his shoulder, chest, and upper arm: anywhere he can reach. Nothing. He doesn’t smell anything. Is it possible Sherlock’s been leaving markers so long John hasn’t even noticed? It’s such a strange thing for him to do, considering the detective has barely paid him any attention since the whole thing with Irene Adler started. Why can’t anything just be easy?
John almost never went to crime scenes, anymore. He could no long play body guard, or help look for clues, or even inspect a body. Every time Sherlock got a new case, John wondered why Sherlock kept him around.
You look sad. When you think he can't see you.
….I won’t move until you say it’s okay. Breathe.” The last thing Sherlock wants to do is hurt the small omega but he’s hoping it’s not too long before he can move because the sensations around the most vulnerable part of his body is nearly overwhelming his discipline.
“And don’t worry, I know it won’t happen again.”
John relaxes a bit as Sherlock comes into his personal space, his familiar powerful scent relaxing him. Sherlock brings his hands to the shorter man’s shoulders; he needs to comfort his omega, still pouring out distress markers into the air. A low growl fights its way out of his throat when he smells traces of the consulting criminal on him. It stopped being a game the minute Moriarty brought John into it.
Sherlock let out a small sigh. Not now. Please.  “John-“
In the name of this fic I slept with a guy named Greg. For research of course.
Opting to stick to nonchalance, John goes for, “Well you know, brush with death, stress, adrenalin…it’s normal. I saw it all the time in the army. A threat from a strange alpha triggered your hormones which in turn triggered mine.” With a shrug of his shoulders he says, “Nothing much to talk about, really.” God he knows how unconvincing he sounds and it's pathetic.
“You should know why, if you feel for John like you say you do. Give John what he needs instead of what you think he should need.”
“Oi! Don’t bust your arse on the stairs. I’ll never hear the end of it.”
“Sorry. That was a little unprofessional of me.”
And a horrible realization strikes D.I. Lestrade and he’s vocalizing it before he can stop.
John’s not completely lost to his hormones; he knows it’s Sherlock that’s pushing him down into the mattress, his spicy scent filling his senses. He’s able to understand the words being muttered to him even though he doesn’t agree and he just wants Sherlock to get on with it because he’s burning with fever. Sherlock’s crawling beneath his legs, his mouth warm on his stomach while he litters it with kisses that do nothing to cool his heated skin.
“Sherlock what in God’s name are you doing in here.”
“Sherlock Holmes I swear to-
John can’t help but snap at the man part way through the disappointing vision acuity exam when all the damn noises become too much, “Sherlock. Get out.” At the agitated tone from the blond man, Doctor Hart stops fiddling with the equipment immediately.
There were the small things that Sherlock is doing that John hardly notices. Crowding John, away from wandering eyes and potential danger, keeping the flat warm, pulling John out to dinner more often but not dragging him out more than necessary…a voice in the back of the most basic parts of Sherlock’s brain is driving him. Sherlock is painstakingly aware of his actions, despite John’s average level of obtuseness. He knows what he’s doing but he can’t stop himself, physically cannot keep his hands from serving John a little more at meals or wrapping John’s scarf just a little tighter around his delicate throat. Although Sherlock himself finds it hard to relax, too keen to protect the small omega from predators, he still had enough time in the day to hate his stupid biology for the distractions.
“Lose the attitude you little shit. Oi! Donovan, he’s saying whoever took him out too John with them.”
Today, walking down the street was more relaxing than a cab ride, especially since Sherlock could appreciate how nice it is to walk without having to guide someone with almost every step. He needed the breathing room the brisk city would give him.
“You’re not leaving the inspector, then.” That did not feel good to say at all.
"Not by blood"
"Sigyn? Is that you?"
"I'm sorry, what?"
"There's all this stuff, all this science equipment. I left it all in boxes. I don't know what need doing. I thought I'd take it to a school."
"Thinking about how lucky I am to be marrying such a sweet, caring, and loving man. I watched you carry Sigyn to bed."
"You need to stay hydrated. Come on sweetie." Sigyn took a sip of the tea. It was hot but not enough to burn her.
"Yes uncle Sherlock?" She turned her head in his direction but didn't open her eyes.
"You need to tell him. You don't want him finding out some other way." Greg was right.
"I would like to take the Holmes name. It comes with power and respect. I would be honored to hold it."
"Nice setting" he placed the fish in the middle of the table. He brought the potatoes and salad next. Sigyn walked to the sink and washed her hands as Greg grabbed a bottle of wine from the basement. She filled a pitcher with ice and water. She then filled the wine bucket with ice.
"Hello Sigyn, how was your trip?"
"Gregory, I thought you had to work till tomorrow night?"
"I just came from John, in the future. Is there anything you want to know, or want him to know?" The Doctor turned away from Sherlock, not wanting to see him jump.
"Um, something happened and I see it as good."
"Sounds to me like you have a 24 hour flu." Sigyn groaned and wrapped her bathrobe tight around her. Greg smiled and walked into the kitchen. He took the lid off the pot and gave it a stir. It smelled good. He tested the noodles and vegetables. He grabbed two soup bowls and soup spoons. He ladled a good serving in each bowl. He pored some orange juice in a glass and milk in another. He put both bowls, glasses, spoons and two slices of bread on a serving tray. He walked into the living room and found Sigyn laying on the couch coughing.
"He mine?"
"What are you not sure about?"
"I'm sorry to intrude, Sigyn your father said he'll be leaving his office and will be home in time for dinner. We should go."
"Here take this," Greg handed Sigyn some medication and her orange juice. She took the medication with a snarl.
This brought Sherlock out of his self induced trance, "How is he? How does he handle all this? Tell me he moves on!"
"Thanks Sig."
"Uno?"
"I was gunna go visit Uncle Sherlock and Uncle John."
"I not food, that tickles"
"Because," ZAP! The Doctor stuck a sleeping serum into John's neck, "I have things to do and you can't be left alone" John fell limply into his arms and was carried into Sherlock's room. John had spent every night of the past 4 years in there. He claimed he could still smell his cologne. It doesn't help that the Doctor sprays it in there every other day, hoping it would bring comfort to the once strong doctor. Once John was in bed the Doctor dashed down the stairs right past Mrs. Hudson.
"Just in time love. Sigyn and I made a nice dinner." He finished descending the stairs and kissed her father. Her father blushed a little and cleared his throat.
'Sigyn is sick. -GL'
"John, I always viewed myself as Asexual. I lived my life that way for so long I was caught off guard when I fell for an army doctor with a psychosomatic limp. You restored my faith in humanity. You showed me it wasn't a defect to care for another person. People told you to keep your distance, that only made you draw closer. I know that I am the most unpleasant, rude, ignorant and all-round obnoxious arsehole that anyone could possibly have the misfortune to meet. John, I am a ridiculous man redeemed only by the warmth and constancy of your love. I've only love a hand full of people, none as much as you. John, I promise to have your name on my lips as I'm dying. I will take you on all my life threatening adventures, I promise to try and be the man you more than deserve. I love you John and with this ring," Sigyn untied the ring and handed it to Sherlock, "I am yours, forever." Sherlock slipped the ring onto John's finger with smug grin.
"Remember, I won't be barefoot at the wedding."
"I'm going to go change my clothes." She went to her room and found a nice summer dress. It was a spaghetti strapped, off-white and had sun flowers on it. She put her hair in a ponytail and headed down the stairs. The table was set, food was still warm, and the wine was chilling. She noticed a second bottle in the ice bucket. It was juice. A bottle of grape juice. Greg must have brought it out when she was upstairs. Everything looked elegant. The only thing missing was her father and Greg. She heard a car pull up and a door close. Her father walked through the door seconds later. He placed his umbrella under the coat rack and his jacket over it. He turned and smiled when he saw her standing next to the table.
"Stay out of this Sherlock!"
"Father, I would like to take a gap year and not major in international affairs." She had never interrupted her father before. She didn't know how he would react.
"I have another solution," the Doctor was leaning against the TARDIS as he "examined" his sonic. He looked over at the dead man then back to Sherlock, "it would involve you trusting me however"
"Yes I did. My mum would make this for me every time I wasn't feeling well. She claimed it had secret powers." Sigyn chuckled as she ate her soup. Greg finished his bowl of soup and got up to get another.
"No no, I like to go swimming before the day starts. You?"
"Exactly. Your driver will take you to my house and I will see you tonight." She was a little disappointed that she had to wait to see her father.
"Mycroft Holmes, will you marry me?" Mycroft's only response was a head shake and a deep sigh.
"I'm sorry but I think you'll find that I do not. This is my father's house and I have every right to be here. You must be the one mistaking"
"Have you vaulted bareback before?"
"There's two types of blood here. Is this sample from one person?" Sherlock closed the book he was looking at and turned to look at her. She gave him a quick smile.
"So Sigyn, I've never heard of that name before. Where does it come from?" She told him the origins of her name and how she got teased at school for it. He then asked about what her childhood was like and how school was. She regaled him with her childhood whoos. How she had many different nannies, a new school every year, no friends, and how she missed out on a lot of things. She fell silent about how school was now. She ate her food and hoped he wouldn't ask again. They both finished their salad. Greg placed two slices of pizza on her plate and two on his. He sat there smiling at her.
She finished brushing Mattie and feeding all the horses. Greg and her walked back to the house together in silence. When they entered through the back they were brought to a stop. Both stood in the door way, mouths open and eyes wide. Mycroft Holmes was standing at the stove cooking. He was still wearing his striped blue pajamas and a light blue shirt. She had never seen her father in anything other than a three piece suit. The man standing next to her must have had a real impact on her father.
Sigyn sat in her chair for a few minutes, thinking. She was starting to feel something. Was it for Greg? She wasn't sure what it was, but she was sure what it wasn't. Romantic. She wasn't feeling romantic towards the older man. She stood from her chair and got a swimming suit and cover from her dresser. She entered her bathroom and changed. There was a knock at her door when she left the bathroom. She waited and heard nothing.
"Not with a second person."
"Hey Sigyn, could you please... oh cool thanks." He placed the wine in the ice and carried the bucket to the table. She followed with the pitcher of ice water. Greg went back into the kitchen. She placed the water on the table.
This made both girls happy and they hugged John together.
"Great."
Sigyn lifted Rosie up and handed her the rains. She vaulted up and took them back. She started the horse off at a moderate pace.
Sigyn got out of the water and set her towel on the grass next to her uncle in the sun. She loved the sun. For some reason she didn't burn like her father and uncle. Must be her mom's side that she gets that from. She shrugged off the thought and laid back on the towel. She closed her eyes and just listened to the sounds around her.
"Thank you Uncle John. I'll see you, then. Bye Rosie." Greg and Sigyn got into the black town car and headed back to her father's house.
"Nothing sweetie. So what shall we call this young horse?" Rosie thought for a minute before she shouted Gladstone.
"Rosie! Be careful! Don't let go! John, I'm not sure about this."
Sigyn stood just to the right of the priest as Rosie made her way down the makeshift isle. She smiled at Sigyn as she sat next to Mrs. Hudson. Everyone turned and watched the two grooms walk up to the front, hand in hand. They made it to the front and turned to look at each other.
"No thanks." Greg got more soup and returned to the living room.
"Why are you going to a fixed point in time? You know what will happen, all of time...at once. We've been there, done that, it was our wedding." She smiled at the memory.
Wow, a weeding. Her uncles were getting married. She sat up and grabbed her sketch bag. He father and Greg sat under a different tree, away from them. Greg was sitting against the tree. Her father was sitting between his legs leaning against him. She started sketching them. She just finished Greg's legs when a thought came to her.
"Set the table for me?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Ya, it's bigger"
"Thank you, thank you, thank you" Rosie hugged Sigyn and jumped for joy.
"If you'll excuse me, I wish to read in my room now. Good night father. Good evening Greg."
With the small camera in hand Sherlock started to fiddle with the small lens breaking it off. “Sherlock, what have you done that for?...these people already don’t like us.” asked Molly letting go of Greg to be replaced with John to make attempt to take the camera from the youngest Holmes boy. Sherlock scrunched up his face in irritation as he holds the camera up from Molly’s point of reach. “Sherlock let me see it!” complains Molly struggling to pull Sherlock’s hand down to retrieve the small camera when a thunderous blare of an alarm filled the room. All six of us clasped our hands against our ears as the ceiling of the room seem to open up pouring down gallons and gallons of cold water on our heads. Crouching from the weight of the water I tighten my grip on Greg, as John and I move to the sides of the room. Mycroft and Sherlock began to blindly search through the water for a way to stop it. After some minutes of being soaked with freezing water, it was like the pipes instantly sealed off or they ran out of water for the water stopped falling leaving the room mildly flooded. Shaking from the freezing water Greg, John, and I huddle together mirroring the two Holmes boys and Molly across from us as we try to catch our breaths.
I  stared blankly at Ruth as she told her story listening intently for the small details. Sherlock, Mycroft, John, and Molly took in every word to heart as she spoke. “So we were like zombies?” Asked John rubbing his sore wrists as he stared at his still bare feet. “verdugo, it's a newly made drug that shuts down the brain to a subconscious state.” Explained Sherlock looking at the fronts and back of his hands. “Do you think the drug would mess with our healing abilities?” I asked looking down at Greg. “Healing abilities?” Asked Ruth watching me cuddle Greg running my fingers threw his hair after tracing small circles around his temples. “Werewolves had a little power of regeneration….when we get hurt with something minor like cuts and or bruises, we can be back to our normal self in a matter of a few minutes” Explains Mycroft. “But if we get hurt in a major fashion it would take a day or two depends on the injury” adds Molly. Ruth and the other Jewish people's eyes grew in curiosity. I slowly nod my head as I run my hand across Greg’s arm tracing his badly cut forearm. As my fingers left each patch of skin the bloody gash that once was etched in his skin slowly sealed up not even leaving a scar behind.
From then on the rain poured as the six wolves were forced to once more change forms then to be linked together for work. Chained together the massive wolves worked like horses pulling barbed wire fences, steam engines, mostly anything Hitler wanted to see fit. The Jewish helped with most of the work somewhat lifting the strain from the wolves. Mud rose to the knees of the Jewish prisoners and to the elbows of the wolves. Rainwater stung their eyes as they pulled at the chains trying to move what the SS had assigned. Beatings were giving to wolf or man who fell from exhaustion or from the mud that clanged from their bodies. Five weeks went by with this kind of treatment when finally the wolves broke down fall into a deep sleep that not even beatings could wake them. The Jewish prisoners forced by the SS dragged the heavy wolves back to their barracks to care until they wake. Almost 10 weeks went by before Kaitlyn woke from her terrible sleep from the sound of her name.
“What happened? My head feels like it’s going to explode?” complained Mycroft leaning back against a wooden pillar holding up the mud hut. “We have been placed in a controlled coma as it seems...whatever that gas was knocked us out for a week or so I guessing.” explain Sherlock running throughout the hut pushing pass people taking in his environment as he tangles his fingers in his black curls thinking. “Sherlock calm down you are going to hurt yourself plus we need to save our energy who knows what is going to happen.” warns John placing his hands on Sherlock’s shoulder gently pushing him to the ground. “You guys don’t remember the past week?” Asked Ruth with an awful look of sorrow etched on her face. All 5 of us shook our heads in denial as Ruth and the other malnutrition jewfolk sat down to explain.
Confused Greg glances at me and then the others before. Shrugging I place my hands over my eyes for a second before uncovering them to show my bright glowing white eyes. Everyone in the hut stared in awe as Greg does the same. “You two have the same colored eyes.” Pointed out Ruth. A smile stretched across Greg and my lips as we held each other's hands. “Well that only happens when two wolfs are “together”.” I answered back earning back some understanding nods in return from the adults. Sherlock, John, Mycroft, and Molly soon mirrored our actions showing off their eye colors also. “Their eyes are the same too Ruth..” said the little boy still holding Greg’s rock tightly in his hand. Ruth tilted her head a bit looking at the two black eyed men. “Kaitlyn and Greg are together just as John and I are.” Explained Sherlock pulling John to his side.
The kiss lasted only a few seconds when some SS officers pulled us apart. “NO! LET GO OF ME...GREG!” I screamed as I struggled against the hands. Elbowing in all directions I was continued to be dragged away as Sherlock, Mycroft, John, and Molly are being forced to change back. My last glimpse before being thrown in a basement like chamber was seeing an SS smack Greg who tried to stand up to come after me. Heavy doors were softly slammed shut shutting out the sounds from outside, and I was left in my ripped jeans, and flannel soaked with rain water. The chamber like room I was left in was like huge empty milky grey concrete walls, floor, and ceiling with a big black metal door on the far side of the chamber in which I entered. The smell of suffocating death stained this room, as I slowly stood feeling the cold floor under my bare feet. Even now my body ached from the wolfsbane which is still coursing through my veins, as I examined the walls and roof. Turns out there were piping laying on the other side of the walls. They had a slight vibration shaking the concrete wall as I ran my hand over them making my deductions. After a few minutes I finish my deductions and glance down at my clothes and scowl at the state of my favorite flannel. Soon after the big metal door opens to have Sherlock, Mycroft, John, Molly and Greg shoved through as I did before.
A week later Greg and I were finally released from the hospital and brought back to Barker Street. Sitting down on the couch I let out a happy sigh. “It’s nice isn’t it?” asks John sitting in his favorite chair. Smiling I nod in agreement as Sherlock comes in the room with Mycroft, and Greg. “We should get to it.” smile Sherlock as his blueish grey eyes turned a midnight black. Mirroring his actions Mycroft, Greg, John, and I stood up changing our eye colors following the eager detective outside. The cold crisp air stung against my warm skin as we ran throughout the backstreets of London. Every breath burned my lungs dodging the massive wolves that would spring out from the dark shadows. Training was one of the hardest things to go through after a horrorism battle that Greg and I went through. Our breathing grew heavier with each punch, and dodge we would make. Soon the two of us fell to the ground chest rising and falling with lack of oxygen. “This is going to be harder than I thought.” I said staring up at the star lit sky. Greg wraps his hand around mine watching his warm breath make a cloud before him. “Yeah much harder.”
"Thanks for talking with me. I'll see you again."
"Uhh, sure. I'll just call a car and we can leave." She grabbed her phone and texted the number her father gave her years ago. She grabbed her bag and Greg got the book. The usual black car was waiting when they left the house. The ride to 221B was taken in silence. She jumped out of the car and ran through the door.
"Well, the TARDIS thought you could use some help with building your cabinet. Seeing as you have your screwdriver out she must be right"
"2012, London, two days before Bart's, Diogenes club"
"Oh good. I need help!" He held out his wrists. Sigyn placed her flowers down to helped her frantic uncle. She buttoned his cuffs and started working on his tie.
"Is ten minutes enough time for you to get ready?"
"So where are we off to?"
"Sigyn, when did you get here?"
"Ok, right. Super supreme! That's what we'll order. You're not allergic to anything are you?" She shook her head. He mumbled to himself as he left. She wasn't sure what to expect but she was excited. She turned on her laptop and searched 'Sherlock Holmes- London, news'
"Ok, jump to me! 1. 2. 3!" Rosie jumped off the dock and right into Sigyn arms. They slashed and played in the water together.
"Greg, want a lift?" She put her hand down and offered him help up.
"Good. Because I am hoping he will accept the ring I got for him." That caught Sigyn more than a little by surprise.
"Papa, look my dress!" Rosie spun in a circle.
"GREG! Calm down. Father makes a point of coming home for dinner every night. Sometimes he leaves but most of the time he doesn't leave till morning. He. Is. In. Love. With. You."
"Myc, maybe lets hear her side and why the interest in criminal justice? Not like it's a bad career path." Her father took a deep breath.
"My favorite suit." He father was at a loss of words. She never wore something like a two piece in front of him before. She thought she looked good in it and didn't care what her father thought.
Sigyn and Sherlock talked about the current case, some of his past cases, and Greg's relationship with her father.
"Good, good." The girl started biting the inside of her lip and batting her eyes.
Greg opened her door and just leaned against the frame with his arms crossed. He was watching her. She was used to people staring, but watching felt weird.
The sandwiches were chilling in the fridge with the cheese cake while the steaks, potatoes and asparagus stayed warm in the oven. Sigyn gave Greg the task of getting a bottle of wine from the basement. She just finished putting the glasses on the table when her father walked through the door.
"Why?"
"John's asleep and might need a looking in on, Mrs. H"
Sigyn loves her cousin. What happens when she gives her something Sherlock doesn't agree with?
"Why not? He'll be proud of what you've accomplished."
"I like him. He seems to make my father happy."
"Uh, plain," he looked at Sigyn. She shook her head in agreement. The new woman pulled out a lot of rings. Most were silver, some gold, a few were different colors. Only one looked like something Mycroft Holmes would wear.
"Oh no! If I'm using my title and middle name, you are using your FULL name." Greg and Sigyn looked at each other with equal confusion. Mycroft just chucked from his seat.
"I've come to care for her over these past few months. I hope she can come to think of me as more than just your partner."
"Good morning Sir. How are you this fine day?"
"I like him. With the little time I've spoken to him, he seems nice. I could see him fitting in well"
She was a few chapters into her book when she heard a car door slam, then keys being moved around and finally the door opening. She stayed in her position on the couch, not moving a muscle.  She knew it was her father. She looked up and the face she saw was not her father's. She was looking at a man with greying hair and soft brown eyes. He had a slight stubbed face and a leather jacket on. When he spoke he had a light cockney accent.
Sigyn was sitting on the floor with her head resting against the wall. Her long auburn hair was in a very lose ponytail. The hair along her temples stuck to her head. She slowly raised her head only to put it back down.
"Yes." The sales woman handed Greg the ring.
Sigyn is getting inpatient with Greg and takes matters into her own hands.
Greg was standing by the back door. He had on a pair of blue and green board shorts, a blue tank top, sunglasses that made him look like a television cop, and a towel wrapped around him neck.
'I'll finish the game then take her upstairs'. He scooted down on the couch a little bit and got comfortable.
"It is my lake. I don't need anyone's permission to use it." Greg rolled his eyes.
"I know love. Let's get you to bed." Greg lifted her off the ground and carried her to her bed. He covered her with a blanket. He sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed her back.
She phoned for a car and turned off the tv. She grabbed her phone and keys before she left the house. A black car was waiting for her outside. She got in and told the driver where she wanted to go.
"Bridle, I feel more connected with the horse without them."
"I'm not sure. I've never eaten pizza before."
"Impressive"
'On way. -Sigyn'
"Are you planning on standing in the doorway all day?"
"He got bit by every horse he came across."
"Don't just stand there. I need your medical opinion." He thought she was John. She walked up behind him and just stood there.
"You know I was about your age when I first got Mattie"
"Three sir? Not two?"
"Good thing I made extra pasta." Greg vanished back to the kitchen and Mycroft to his office. Sigyn finished setting the table and got another place setting.
"It's fine John. I'm just gunna take a car back to the flat and leave you with your daughter."
"Shall we all sit down to eat?"
"Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade."
"WELL?" He stopped pacing and threw his arms up.
"I'm his landlady dear, not his housekeeper"
"No you're not. You're sick"
"The air helps wake me up and the sunrise is beautiful."
"For the last time, I can't change a fixed point in time!"
"I like that one."
"Hello, fine thanks."
"Simple enough."
"I suggest you hold on. We love to run." He lightly placed his hands on her hips. She smiled to herself and started Mattie off running. Within seconds, Greg's grip got tighter and his seat got closer.
A trio of plates come out of the cabinet, next utensils. They were placed in front of her.
"I know love. I'm just . . .surprised. That's all." He walked over to the stove and kissed him on the check. "I'm gunna shower before breakfast, if there's time"
"Yes it did. I'm proud of you."
"The black one?"
"Right. It's hot, there is a nice lake out there and I am inviting your uncles and cousin over. Would you care to join us?"
"I haven't calculated all the variables yet."
"Yes, any where particular?"
"Yes Sigyn."
"Me?"
"I prefer the heart neckline and the one shoulder."
"John just asked you a question."
"Hey, what about me?"
"Uncle John, may I please have your plates?"
"Sigy, we swim?"
"I plan on asking him. I just have to wait for somethings first."
Sigyn couldn't figure out what he was planning on making. He preheated the oven. Next he cut the potatoes and seasoned them on a baking tray. He placed them in the oven and started cutting the rest of the ingredients. The basil, tarragon, garlic and parsley got chopped finely and placed in a bowl. He pulled the potatoes out and seasoned them with a lemon zest and sea salt mixture then back into the oven. The herbs got some olive oil and rubbed into the fish. The fish joined the potatoes in the oven. He mixed together the bowl of greens with the citrus dressing and placed it back in the fridge. The potatoes came out of the oven and placed to one side. They had a golden brown color to them and smelled wonderful.
"Daddy I have to potty,"
"She should have a helmet. We need a helmet. Why doesn't she have a helmet?"
"UNO!"
"Excuse me miss, I think you have the wrong house."
"I know girl. But what else can I do? I'd be the same if I lost you or my sonic. Come on! Let's do it for John. What do you say?" He asked as he slowly and lovingly stroked the consul. WwooooSHHHhEERrwWwooooooSHHHh "That's my girl!" He replied with a small appreciative smile. As he jumped around the TARDIS, he felt the presence of another soul. He pulled his sonic screwdriver out of his coat pocket as he quickly whipped around, he was face to face with someone he never expected to see again. He was staring into the blue-green eyes of his favorite wild, smart mouth, ginger haired, gun wielding, archaeologist. River Song!
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes, if you please Father." Sherlock straightened his back and glared at John, who only smirked back.
"Father, I would like to have discussions with you about my education."
"I'm his niece"
"Thank you father."
They made it to the stables. Greg got off first.
She woke before her alarm went off. It was 4:25 in the morning. Still 45 minutes till her alarm. She laid in bed for a few minutes before she decided to get up. She changed into some lose clothes and went down to the kitchen. She was looking for a breakfast bar when she heard something behind her. She saw Greg running down the stairs and come to a quick stop. He looked about as surprised as she felt.
"Good. My apologies for not being there when you got off the train. I had an emergency that required my attention."
"Rumor has it your Uncle Sherlock has problems with this game too" Sigyn and Greg laughed only to be stopped short by Mycroft glaring at them with folded arms.
Greg took a shower and got dressed. He called his office to let them know he would not be coming in. He entered the kitchen and started the kettle. He grabbed two mugs and placed a tea bag in each. He waited for the kettle to boil, once it did he pored the water into the mugs. He left one on the counter and took the other to Sigyn. He placed the mug on her nightstand.
"What do you think Sig?"
"This is Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade. He is my partner of almost three years. You didn't meet him last year because he was away visiting his children."
"You know this man father?" She was standing now.
"Yes sir."
"Then why the dinner?" Greg looked at Sigyn and smiled lightly.
"What? Never had pizza before? Do you like meats or vegetables better? Or both?"
"Of course." Mycroft sat down at the table. Sigyn placed the steaks in front of him followed by the plates.
"Excuse me?"
"Hey Sigyn. Come up here." She quickened her pace and caught up to them. She walked on Greg's right side. He gave her a smile and she returned it.
"Were you planning on going somewhere else?"
"One for his daughter."
"Father?" She hid her bag behind her back.
"Greg, it would seem we have another for dinner."
"Give it some time. I'm sure she will." Mycroft wrapped his arms around Greg. Greg melted into his feature husband. Enjoying the warmth that radiated off him.
"I think your father's having a mental breakdown. Who'd have thought a child's game would do it." Again Sigyn and Greg couldn't help but laugh.
"Well, have fun and be safe."
"He's your father, I trust your opinion, and I have no taste."
"Father?"
"That's it! New game! I want to play something that doesn't require a pen and paper."
"Three years."
"I'm playing a game, don't push it."
"Yes Rosie, he is nice. He is also soft."
"That's it! You have to put your heals on. I need to see the whole thing." Sigyn rolled her eyes and grabbed the shoes from John. They were a dark red two inch heels with a small bow on the front. She slipped them on, using John as support and stood back in front of the mirror.
"I haven't done anything wrong." Next he gave him self his fillet.
"Fine. We'll wait"
"Exactly! That's why you should be the one to talk to him." Sigyn folded her arms, shifted her jaw, and narrowed her eyes. Greg stopped stirring the sauce and looked at her. A shiver ran down his spine. She looked at him just like Mycroft did, the same look that made him drop to his knees and bag for forgiveness.
"I wanted to make sure the horses were taken care of."
"You called me Sig."
"Come in," she went back to her sketch.
(See the end of the chapter for
It didn't take long to get to NSY. Greg was waiting outside when the car arrived. Greg got in the car.
"Make sense."
When he entered her room she was fast asleep. He placed the toast and tea on her night stand.
"Sherlock, will you please let the man finish? If you want to add middle names tomorrow fine."
"Jean."
"I know you were only trying to help. Thank you old girl. Now let's help John!"
"Goodbye Sigyn."
"I think she looks good."
Facts: her father was in a relationship, he acted differently, he spoke softly, he stood in the kitchen cooking, he was still in his pajamas, he laughed and smiled. She thought back to the year previous. He was acting different then as well. Was it Greg? Could a single person have that much impact on a person?
"Look Rosie, it's not a lake monster." Rosie stopped splashing and opened her eyes and laughed so hard she almost fell off her tube.
"Sherlock. I'm sorry, I don't mean"
"When did you give it to me?" Greg rolled his eyes. He placed the tray on the coffee table.
"Right" she started eating the toast. Greg grabbed her desk chair and moved it next to her bed. He sat and watched her eat.
"Is it ok?"
"Ok daddy" John walked the yearling around. Rosie was nothing but smiles. They were making their third round when Sherlock came running out of the house.
"Rosie, I think something's in the lake with us."
"I'm not sure if I could dream up a better companion for my father. You are the complete opposite of him. You get him to do things nobody else could. He is much happier. I give you my approval. I would be happy to have you added to our crazy family dynamic."
She walked to the barn and greeted her horses. She loved horses. Her favorite was her tricolored filly. The first horse she ever rode. The horse was called Mattie. She was five when she named her. She had a really matted mane. It took a few days to brush it out.
"You look pretty Sig."
"I left you asleep on the couch mister. What are you doing up here?"
"But what if..."
"What does this look like to you?" She looked over his shoulder and saw a slide under a microscope lens with a red substance on it. As she learned over to have a closer look Sherlock turned away and grabbed a book off his shelf. She looked at the slide and was instantly confused.
"See papa he nice,"
It's hot, there's a lake in the property, enough said
"Yes Uncle John, everything's fine."
"I see it!" Rosie pointed to a log floating near the shore.
"That explains the dinner. What do you have in mind instead?"
"So Sigyn?"
"Okay. I'll leave you to... you know" Hearing that Mrs. Hudson was leaving brought him out of his self pity. He ventured closer to where John was standing.
"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to celebrate the coming together of one Doctor John Watson and one Mr. Sherlock Holmes. All of us need and desire to love and to be loved. And the highest form of love between two people is within a monogamous, committed relationship. John and Sherlock, your marriage today is the public and legal joining of your souls that have already been united as one in your hearts. Marriage will allow you a new environment to share your lives together, standing together to face life and the world, hand-in-hand. Marriage is going to expand you as individuals, define you as a couple, and deepen your love for one another. To be successful, you will need strength, courage, patience and a really good sense of humor. So, let your marriage be a time of waking each morning and falling in love with each other all over again. I do believe the couple has prepared their own vows, John, if you would please"
"Does everyone know how to play?" They did.
"Oh Rosie, don't you look pretty. Now you know what to do, right?"
"What?"
Sigyn was starting to get tired, she rubbed her eyes and gave a big yawn. Greg had his arm stretched on the back of the couch and his feet resting on the table. The warmth coming from Greg called to Sigyn like a siren. She moved a little closer to him, but not enough to touch. Sigyn continued to read her book and Greg continued watching the game. Before anyone knew what happened, Sigyn had her head resting on Greg's shoulder. She could barely keep her eyes open. Greg smiled to himself. He was glad Sigyn was feeling comfortable around him. Greg heard a thump and saw that Sigyn's book fell on the floor. She was asleep next to him. Greg thought to himself,
"Yes John, and thank you for the reminder. Brother dear. Please call a car for me."
"Why me?"
"How would you like to be my best person?"
"Gladstone it is." Sherlock and John walked over to the yearling and each pet him.
"I missed you. You stay longer?"
"Uncle Sherlock!" She dashed up the stairs before Greg's feet even hit the pavement.
Mycroft smiled as he pulled out his phone. He stood on the other side of the table and snapped a photo. He turned off the light and headed to bed. On his way he changed his lock screen. Greg loved Sigyn and Mycroft never wanted to forget it.
"Uncle John, would you like to join us for dinner?"
Not bothering to stop the Doctor snapped his fingers and the T.A.R.D.I.S. door flew open. First thing, punch in the date of January 15, 2012. Next the location: Bart's hospital roof. EERrwWwooooooSHHHhEERrwWwooooooSHHHh *long loud groin*
"You too." They share a smile before he runs out the back door. That man was something else.
"Come with me, help..." He turned to look at her and she was gone. Was it all in his mind? Was she really there? SHHHhEERrwERRE. He patted to center of the consul,
"Hey, calm down. If you act like this is a different dinner than any other one, father will get suspicious."
I have a plan for the next couple of chapters. I'm going to try really hard to get them typed up. I'm so sorry to everyone! I, also, cannot write sex scenes at all so I also apologize for that.
Something giddy bubbled in John’s chest, and he choked on a strangled laugh as he slid into a chair. He’d kissed, held,
In all the time he has known the detective he’s never heard him praise someone else’s intelligence. Sure, that wasn’t exactly a ringing endorsement for John’s deductive capabilities, but it was as close as anyone is going to get, he’s positive.
He crashes their mouths together with such passion and force he worries for a split second about busted lips. He’s forcing himself in further as the kiss deepens, pushing through John’s heated flesh. The delicious slick grip on his cock knocks the breath from his lungs. Nothing could ever feel better than this. John breaks the kiss to gasp, his eyes are clenched tight as he grits his teeth. Sherlock takes a moment to gather himself as John breathes deeply through the splitting pain. It’s not horrible, not unbearable, he just has to force himself through the initial penetration. A small whine escapes his lips, and Sherlocks icy eyes snap to his face, worried.
John closes his eyes and see’s the tall figure against the grey sky and the deafening crack and the pale ice-blue eyes empty, sticky with blood–
John” John’s royal blue eyes are wide and glazed, confused by his alpha, “I want to see you.” And John nods, understanding before settling back down, arms reaching up beckoning the detective closer.
“He’s one of the pigs from the Met. Scotty and I dropped him and his partner. Left his alpha friend at the park.” The guy’s nose looks like it’s been broken enough times before and it suits his nasally voice, “Pretty little omega like this playing cops and robbers? He was asking for it.” He runs a cold hand along John’s jaw and John clenches his teeth to avoid biting at it. He has to wait for the right opportunity if he wants to successfully do this.
“So am I”
“What we did – what I did, was wrong. I don’t want to hurt Greg, so please, Sherlock – “John was speaking to the ground and his hands wringing and clenching between his knees, because he didn’t want to look at the man with his eyes burning and his throat constricting. “
The prognosis was not what he wanted. Surgery was unsuccessful. A second surgery is possible but unlikely to do much help.
okay this is kind of rushed and crazy but I just wanted to post it before I left for my night shift
“No I’m fine, my legs just feel a bit like gelatin. Just help me to the shower; I’ll be fine once I’m under some hot water.” Sherlock offers his arm stiffly, and John takes it leaning heavily against the man. The detective is surprisingly strong and the trip down the stairs and across the hall is easy. John tries not to think of the solid warm body that has his brain screaming
“I know…God, I know. I’m so sorry”
Then there were the memories that caused the unease to settle in his chest: John’s tension as Sherlock held him and the look of apprehension and fear is his eyes, his struggle to pull his away, and his pained whimpers. He lost control and he hurt John.
senses. You’ll still be more observant than half of New Scotland yard.”
- move this to the bedroom” John can barely breathe over the reality of what’s happening, “-
…because of how you make me
Mycroft loves to state the obvious. Infuriating. He ignored him.
