“The tea. The kettle is still on the stove, you could’ve made your own.” I pointed out, making my way back to the kitchen.
“Alright, don’t panic,” Sherlock explained. “Can you go all the way to the front of the plane, are they asleep.” The answers was cut off and Sherlock was forced to turn back to the case in front of him. Panic began to rise and I shifted my weights and looked at the pictures of them. He pointed to another guy, rattling off facts about spray tan and glasses. Mycroft seemed to find his voice and added his own opinion to the matter. I nodded slightly when Sherlock glanced in my direction. We all turned to the window, the three men hanging over the deep waters of the ocean.
“Why would I do that?” I spat. “Mycroft’s in charge of half the government, I’m sure he can handle it.” I pointed out. Jane rolled her eyes and turned back to whatever she was looking at. I cast a glance at her and began to analyze. ‘Pressed shirt, tucked neatly into navy pants. Obviously someone who is used to order and structure. Hair pulled back in a ponytail, military style. Shoes are slightly scuffed meaning that she frequently...’
“I’ll start with Landon Ewan.” I said. I picked up the recorder and the file with his name on it and flipped open the computer. I immediately surfed the web, putting his name into social media forums. Many pages came up, being a personal fitness trainer made him very popular. Sherlock didn’t move from where he was staring at the images. His eyes flicking from face to face.
“World Wide news, renowned actress Kennedy Morgenstern died last night. After suffering from mild heart-attacks. Kennedy was found in her bed-room. Police are investigating and believe that she overdosed. The nation is disheartened by the death of the greatest actress in London.” He reported. I tried to think of what movies I’d seen that she was in but couldn’t think of any. I wasn’t a big fan of modern film, they tended to romanticise wars they’d never seen. The kettle began to whistle and I poured the water in a cup. I grabbed a tea bag and set it in the cup. I tidied the kitchen while I waited for the tea, moving Sherlocks chemicals and wiping down the table. I picked the cup up to drink when the door to the flat banged open. I flinched slightly and Sherlock came running in. He stopped in front of me and plucked the cup out of my hands, gulping the scalding tea down. He stuck his tongue out and made a face.
The majority of guests vanished shortly after midnight, leaving only their initial group of players and three others as two o’clock approached. Sherlock had got hold of the best spot on the sofa and drowsily watched John talk to Greg at the bar. Every once in a while, John shot Sherlock a quick glance in order to, as he suspected, make sure Marcus stayed clear of his territory. The thought made Sherlock’s lips curl up as his eyes gradually drifted closed.
For the first time in his life, John simply let go. He slipped his free hand between them and clasped Sherlock’s still lube-slick cock with unquestionable authority. His own thrusts growing frantic, he pumped Sherlock’s cock hard and tenaciously. Sherlock’s moans spiralling into unknown heights and volumes, John’s hips and hands drove him over the edge, cum spurting all over his chest and stomach. Two more seconds and John followed suit. His orgasm hit him like a wrecking ball, as intense and positively devastating as nothing before.
Mrs. Hudson’s face lit up in a knowing and somewhat relieved grin. “Oh, my two idiot boys. Finally! I thought we’d never get here.”
The small hotel they planned on staying at had barely opened when their car pulled up on the parking space in front. With its picturesque whitewashed stone walls and grey window shutters, it fit perfectly into the scenic coastal landscape. Sherlock had booked it and John couldn’t help but chuckle, half amused, half exasperated, at the thought that he had accidentally chosen the single most romantic destination for a short getaway he could find. God, people would talk.
John placed a warm hand on Sherlock’s and squeezed it once. “These are just routine questions we have to ask,” he said placatingly, “to get an idea of Jason’s life. We didn’t mean to offend you.”
while he cut his heart out and threw it to his feet. Again, a wave of emotions flooded Sherlock’s system but this time scorching red anger prevailed. The words now spilled from his mouth in breakneck speed as always when his temper took over.
“Why did you say that?” John asked in a tone Sherlock couldn’t quite place—confused but soft and… hopeful.
Sherlock knows. How could he not? Sherlock knows how John feels about him. And if the pleading look he gives John and the confession he has woven into the song are any indicators,
“Mr. and Mrs. Rowley, if I may ask,” Sherlock began, ignoring Lestrade’s fiery stare in light of his unauthorized utterance, “where’s your daughter?”
The words rolled from her tongue like the most natural thing in the world. Hadn’t it been just 48 hours since she and Greg had danced in that club?
As always: Concrit is welcomed, so please, feel free to comment on anything that bothers you in any way! Your feedback means so much to me!
John sucks in the air again, straightening his posture as if readying himself for battle, and Sherlock braces himself for the words that inevitably have to follow.
The tiny nod Molly gave him and a deep breath was all it took for the whole story to finally spill from Sherlock’s cold-chapped lips; from John moving back to 221B and sharing a bed with him, to their walk in Regent’s Park yesterday morning and John’s flirt with that woman. At the thought of how little time lay between those blissful snow-covered moments and Sherlock’s whole life imploding, his voice juddered to a halt again.
John threw up two more times that night, his empty stomach regurgitating nothing but gastric juice. In an aftermath of shaking limbs and sweat-soaked pyjamas, he barely conquered the few steps back from the bathroom before his body could collapse beneath him. With every passing minute, Sherlock grew more worried and frustrated by his own inability to help him. John couldn’t drink even the smallest amounts of water without his body pumping it right out again. His gaze became fuzzy and unfocused, the few words he spoke were unintelligible. Sherlock tentatively reached out to the man next to him and placed his slender fingers on John’s forehead; he was burning up.
The physical exhaustion doesn’t silence the voices in his head but it lets them converge to one focused thought: Whatever is on that DVD, it can’t make things worse.
If this was true… John’s insides clenched into a tight ball. Not a thief then, not exactly at least.
“We’ll have fun, won’t we, Rosie?” Greg cooed. “And your daddies will have a nice night off to celebrate their engagement.” His eyes twinkled in Sherlock’s direction but he was way too excited to respond with an eye roll or a remark. Another night alone with John. This was the second-best gift he had gotten today.
John’s head sinks, heavy with the weight of his words, and he just stands there, shoulders shaking with quiet sobs.
John opened his eyes again, their blue mixing with the lights around them to a captivating mélange of colour. There was nothing clouding their burning stare that drilled into Sherlock’s innermost being, as he sang once more, not exaggerated but desperately earnest: “
“Then I’d like for him to tell me that in person,” John said, reciprocating the glare Mycroft shot him with equal force. Couldn’t the universe have sent him anyone else to punish him? Anyone but this embodiment of posh self-importance with his smug face and fancy suits and—then, it hit John, the detail that had thrown him off. Mycroft wasn’t wearing his jacket. Only an undoubtedly expensive white button-down and grey waistcoat clad his slightly chubby torso. That was still one more piece of clothing than Sherlock usually wore and yet John felt like Mycroft was standing in front of him in his underwear. He had never seen Mycroft take off his jacket somewhere outside his own home—other than in situations of utmost crisis. The sight made John’s already twitching nerves whiz with another sudden surge of panic. This was wrong, all wrong. The falseness of the whole situation seeped from every inch of the wallpaper and clung to John’s neck, slowly but surely pressing his newly-found breath out of his throat.
I've missed you! After a very unproductive weekend, I finally got to finish this chapter today. I hope you'll like it! :) As always, I am eager to hear your opinion, headcanons, concrit, thoughts, etc. etc. :)
The image of John’s face cooled the snug atmosphere of Molly’s flat perceptibly. Sherlock shivered. John’s features, hard and unmoving like concrete, had offered just another pavement for Sherlock to shatter on—this time for real. He had fallen for John Watson and broken every single bone upon landing. Warm gooey streams of blood ran over his face. He could feel it. Sherlock lifted his hand and scraped over his wet cheek. Nothing red shone on his fingertips, only clear liquid loss.
Ignoring his body’s vehement complaints, he gets up. At the movement, his brain seems to tumble around in his skull, rotating around its own axis, until John feels he must grab himself by both ears to somehow steady his head.
Hastily, Sherlock grabbed the milk, threw a few pound notes on the counter, and hurried after John without waiting for his change. Outside, the chilly wind blew the last wads of smoke still erupting from his curls away. It already smelled of spring.
John cocked his head, smiling lopsidedly at the way his reaction confused Sherlock. “Bit not good, honey.”
For the time of night, the Yard was still remarkably busy. As they walked down the hall, John and Sherlock passed several bobbies with disgruntled-looking people in tow. Even the huge office was still buzzing with tense noise instead of the usual low rustling and typing of paperwork.
Before John could even open his mouth to protest, Sherlock kept lamenting. “And what am I even good for if I can’t work? That’s all I’ve ever wanted, all I’ve ever been good at. We both know that. That’s what brought you to me after all, didn’t it? The puzzles and the chases. All I’ve ever contributed to this relationship was the cases and the danger and the adrenaline—and if I can’t give you that—”
“Could you describe Jason’s social life?” John continued. “His friends? Did he have a girlfriend? A boyfriend? Anyone he was particularly close with?”
The words severed John’s bones like a rusty chainsaw. He couldn’t bear to hear this, he simply couldn’t. This was supposed to be the start, not the end.
“The tea always tastes better when you make it,” Sherlock now said after taking a sip, his voice timider than he had desired.
John was very thankful that his mouth wasn’t full of tea at this moment because otherwise he most definitely would have spit or snorted it out. Instead, he just gave his former flatmate a staggered look and asked a little louder than intended: “
Sherlock found him leaning at the kitchen opening, his hair still wet and unruly. His nonchalant sex-appeal almost choked the air out of Sherlock’s lungs.
“That’s where they met then,” John concluded and looked at the picture on the screen. “The stature and height fits our nightly intruder.”
Their lips meet and it’s wet and clumsy and glorious. Sherlock sinks into it, giving himself over to the one person he trusts. All worries, all his fears and doubts explode in a firework of colours, a big bang of creation, every fibre of his being born anew under John’s lips.
For a few seconds, silence filled the dismal room. John only now noticed how the winter air seeped through the broken window. He began to wonder how often Cal had spent the night on the dirty mattress on the floor instead of a warm bed.
For a split second, he ponders turning around and just running, running as fast as his feet can carry him. Yet, he forces himself to keep walking as if his heart isn’t cramping, as if his pulse isn’t hammering in his ears. His legs rebel vehemently and try to drag him in the opposite direction but still Sherlock finds himself within earshot before he knows it.
“You’re not wearing your wedding ring anymore,” cut Sherlock’s voice through John’s worries and prompted him to look first at his friend and then at his own hand in astonishment. Of course, Sherlock had noticed. The odd thing was that John hadn’t.
John raised his hands calmingly. “We’re not cops, Cal. We just wanted to find out what happened to Jason. And now we know that it was an accident, just an accident. You didn’t do anything wrong, we know that. We don’t want to hurt you. See, I’m putting down my gun. Let’s just talk, alright? Just the three of us. Tell us what exactly happened. Put down the gun and—”
A little forlorn, he stands in the middle of the room, bare toes indecisively digging into the carpet. The twisting feeling in his stomach grows stronger by the second, adding a funny, little sting at each turn.
It had been two months and not a single accusation had left John’s lips. In fact, he had barely spoken at all. Uttering not one word too much, he had organized the funeral, taken time off at the clinic to arrange everything for Rosie, packed up all their belongings and moved back to Baker Street. Somehow, he had brought this impenetrable silence with him. Maybe it was the boxes containing what was left of Mary. They still stood in John’s old bedroom, a brooding monument of their marriage, filling 221B with her presence.
“Jaw—,” Rosie blubbered again, followed by a proud giggle. John kissed her stubby little hand and deeply inhaled the special scent of family surrounding him.
John can’t help but laugh. It’s a joyless, sceptical snort and it hurts in his throat as if it were coated in acid. “What’s all this with the mysterious attitude? Has Sherlock put you up to this?”
Sherlock’s eyes fell shut as he met John in a tender kiss. It was barely more than a brush, just as soft as the landing snowflakes on his shoulders. Yet, the contact sent a tidal wave of pure, unadulterated bliss through his buzzing mind, washing away every single rational thought until just one word remained, one glorious syllable, chanted by every cell to the rhythm of his heartbeat.
Sherlock’s breath caught in his chest, his thoughts tumbling, stumbling over each other in their rapid succession.
“Harry,” John said calmly, raising one hand to stop her from ranting on, “I’m trying to tell you something here.”
All of her works are just phenomenal, so please check them out and leave lots of kudos and comments <3 <3 <3
“Not the murder. I’ve seen my fair share of that. Who abuses a child like that and calls it love?” His voice trembled slightly and John’s heart all but broke at the sound. The sudden urge to hug Sherlock as tight as possible overwhelmed him. Without a second thought, he gave into it. Sherlock didn’t resist or draw back as John flung one of his arms around his waist and cupped his head with the other. Silently, Sherlock began to weep into John’s shoulder.
John takes a look at his watch. The cab shouldn’t be here for another half hour. Mary is still in the bathroom, blow-drying her hair going by the noise filtering through the door.
After breakfast, they wrapped themselves and Rosie up in their warmest winter clothes and stepped out into the street. Frost glistened on the few cars parked on Baker Street. The air was crisp and smelled of snow as they entered Regent’s Park. John walked next to Sherlock who steered the pushchair to the right on the sandy footpath that would lead them over the York Bridge and on the Inner Circle. Rosie sat on John’s shoulders and squealed with glee as Sherlock reached up to grab the tiny gloved hand she was stretching out at him. As had so often been the case over the past few weeks, John felt his heart almost burst with love. He smiled brightly and let the warmth saturate his insides, safeguarding him against the chill that tried to soak through his winter coat.
this chapter is relatively short but I hope I can make up for it with the enormous amount of fluff I stuffed in there! :D I had such fun writing this, you have no idea.
It’s not that Sherlock seems incapable of wording his affection and warm regard for John—it’s the sheer depth of these feelings that unveils itself with every spirited word Sherlock utters through another mouthful of chips. If some stranger would eavesdrop on their conversation, Greg ponders, they would probably think the two of them were crafting a love letter rather than a best man speech.
Their hearts, lighter than air, lifted them off the ground, leaving them floating about the sitting room. Sherlock never wanted to come down again. They could keep defying gravity for as long as they kept loving and laughing like this, keep soaring, out of the window and above Baker Street, higher and higher towards the bright-white January sun until they would burn up, melt into one being, united.
Sherlock lowered his gaze to their intertwined fingers. It was hard to tell where his ended and John’s began. “Where were you today? You said that you needed to take care of some things first. What did you do?”
“Oh.” John pulled at the fabric, a little embarrassed to have overstepped like this. He hadn’t even noticed. By now, all of their clothes smelled the same.
Although their existence was logically eliminated, checking for monsters under the bed and in the closet had been a crucial part of his night time routine. Mycroft had teased him about it every day as long as Sherlock could remember until he had finally stopped. But what did Mycroft know about the horrors that Sherlock’s imagination fabricated for him? It was foolish, Sherlock knew that, but he longed to get up and turn on the light just to see that nothing was lurking in the corners.
The nightly street stretched out before him like a black satin sheet, its wet surface reflecting the red and white of the other cars’ lights in an array of kaleidoscopic flashes. John’s hand lay loosely on the steering wheel as he followed the road signs that would bring them back to London. He quickly glanced over at Sherlock whose head had sunken against the window. His mouth slightly agape and his slender limbs curled inside his coat for warmth and comfort, he looked wonderfully human and completely out of this world at the same time. The dancing flickers of colourful light illuminated his features. John smiled calmly to himself as he forcefully drew his eyes away from the mesmerizing sight that was the face of Sherlock Holmes.
“Well, I hate to inform you but that is no longer your decision. Now, make some room.” John shoved Sherlock’s shoulder and headed for the door. He had made up his mind.
“To make it understandable even for you: I don’t need your help,” Sherlock ends. Greg wouldn’t be surprised if steam came out of his nostrils at the words.
His fingers are still clasped tightly around the disc and, for a second, he is determined to break it, right here, right now, and ban this whole, mad interaction from his memory.
“What were you thinking about then?” Sherlock asked, his voice now distinctly drowsy. John began massaging his scalp, extricating a content sigh.
Sherlock was tired all the time now even if he didn’t want to admit it. He barely slept at night, carefully holding a slumbering John in his arms, like a silent guard against the terrors that besieged him at night. John needed him, needed someone to protect him from the shadows that haunted him or he would end up like his sister, like Sherlock, an addict. He couldn’t let Rosie lose another parent, Sherlock swore it. That’s why he couldn’t allow himself to sleep while on duty. This was too important. He owed it to John, after all he had put him through. And this worked. John had cut back on the whisky significantly already, all because Sherlock offered the stronghold of his body for him to take shelter in, even if he didn’t realize it.
He carries his loot over to the sofa and slumps down again. The telly is still running, some silly dating show now having started. The host, a young male with an awful lot of blindingly white teeth, is just introducing the candidates. It’s almost agonising to watch and yet Sherlock can’t find the energy to bother changing the channel.
. Of all the things that had happened between them, this one came back to haunt him now. Of all the things he had done to him… He could have lost him last night. For real and forever. The sharp pain of that thought constricted his lungs. It would’ve been his fault. He had driven him to this.
The words had shaken something loose in Sherlock’s chest, something that had been stuck in a dark corner, eschewing the light of consciousness.
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock snarled in a low voice and reached for the light switch. The glare from the ceiling lamp matched the one firing from his eyes. He really didn’t have any more energy left to deal with this right now. “You can’t just march in here whenever you please, Mycroft.”
Oh God, they should’ve waited, taken things slowly, just cuddled or snogged for a start. This was all new to Sherlock. And it had been his bloody first time. Of course, he would take fright and escape as soon as he could, after all he had been through. Or maybe John had said or done something in his sleep, something terrible? Had he hurt him, again?
He is stuck in a bubble, just he and the letter clutched in his hand. Nothing outside of it matters, nothing is real but those words he hears in his head in a deep, well-known voice. Even his own heartbeat, heavy and ominous, is drowned out by the timbre of Sherlock’s voice conjured by his writing.
A tear escaped his non-existent eyes at the thought of having to leave him behind, of entering the next stage of reality without him. They belonged together, always had, always would. And they surely would find each other in any other world to come. Still, Sherlock would have given anything for one more look into those dark-blue eyes, one more kiss from those lips, one more laughter shared in perfect understanding. But with his body shattered and his consciousness soaring slowly higher and higher towards the night sky it could only be goodbye now. Everything went dark.
The next chapter is in John's POV and should clarify some of the more brutal issues of this fic, so have a go if you want to feel (a little) better.
“Yes. It just was… too much. I stopped on that bridge and searched my wallet for money to buy some. And then I found your note and I just… couldn’t take it anymore. I’m sorry, John.”
This is why he hates the summer months. Soon, the rising temperatures will make wearing his usual suits uncomfortable, let alone his beloved coat.
The mistletoe hung right over the place where her highchair was usually standing for breakfast. Sherlock hadn’t meant to force anything or play a cruel joke on him. He had just wanted Rosie to sit under the mistletoe, to get kisses, every morning. His heart slumped to his feet, the anger being superseded by guilt. He rubbed his face as if the motion could wipe away some of the tension.
“Is that so?” John teased back, the beast in him already clawing its way back to the surface. He brushed his lips along those ridiculously sharp cheekbones and began to nibble on Sherlock’s earlobe. The little pressure his teeth applied on the sensitive flesh sent the man in his arms quivering. John couldn’t help but grin as another series of inarticulate sounds sprang from Sherlock’s lips and he grabbed John’s back to press them closer together. On his stomach, John could feel the distinct outline of another cock, just as hard as his own. His insides were charged with a new, almost feverish heat as Sherlock’s hips spasmed against his body in a reckless search for friction.
Sherlock pushes the door to the sitting room open, the empty box of chocolates on the sofa an unpleasant reminder. Hastily, he throws his jacket over it before heading to the kitchen.
What an unsettling thought that his body responds to something as base as food with such an intense feeling of relief.
They exchanged short goodbyes and John and Sherlock made for the exit while Lestrade returned to his office. On the way out, they passed Rutherford again. Something in Sherlock’s brain clicked into place.
A gush of air escaped Sherlock’s lips, half-sob, half-laughter: “Yes, I want to marry you, you fool.”
In hindsight, it seems so obvious and John finds he’s annoyed with himself for not having taken the first step, for lacking the courage Sherlock has displayed with this confession.
A tiny snore escaped Sherlock’s full lips as he readjusted his head on the car window and John forcefully pulled his mind away from the tempting cool depths of his thoughts. He couldn’t allow his conscience to plunge into these waters. The risk that he might succumb to them, slowly sink deeper, and never come back up for air was just too high. John took a deep breath as to remind himself that there was still oxygen around him and focused back on the street.
“You don’t have to tell me if it upsets you,” Sherlock said in such genuine compassion that John couldn’t help but give him another smitten smile.
Sherlock’s face settles into a sobered expression, sadness occasionally wafting over his features like November fog. “I know.”
A soft breeze rustled the roses on the ground and Rosie squeezed John’s hands with firm fingers. He couldn’t stop the shiver running down his spine as he lifted Rosie up and looked into her round cheerful face, so much like her mother’s. She would always be with them.
Craving contact with something warm as well, Sherlock wrapped his still half-frozen fingers around his teacup. The heat from the freshly brewed tea burned through the ceramic and directly into his skin but he hardly noticed. With every sip, his insides thawed a little more until he could feel every aching bit of it again. The sugared beverage had something soothing about it and, before Sherlock knew, he had finished his cup. Without anything else to occupy himself with, he lifted his eyes to find Molly and Greg still waiting for an explanation of his state. They wouldn’t let this go. After all, he had woken them up in the middle of the night.
Sherlock climbed half on top of him, nothing but a hungry mouth and skillful fingers, deepening the kiss even further until both their heartbeats were racing in unison and their breath came in synchronized panting. John’s inner beast was rattling at its cage in ravenous hunger, last night’s feeding already forgotten. The bars wouldn’t stand its frenzy much longer.
So, please don't hate me for making my two favourite idiots fight :D The reconciliation will be worth all the angst and hurt, I promise!
“Of course,” he says chipperly. “I was madly in love with her, ever since we first met. Naïve git, that I was.” He laughs but John only gives him a blurry, half-hearted grin.
doctor says it’s totally fine,” John objected with a tired smile. “I’ll check myself out if you don’t mind.”
Since I've never been to Norfolk and have no knowledge about jellyfish whatsoever, I'm sure there are a lot of discrepancies in this chapter :D Writing cases is an absolute nightmare but concrit is, of course, always welcomed! <3
chaos, his own hurricane of excitement and exhaustion and bliss. If there hadn’t been his nagging conscience reminding him that he was a widower and a single father and still not done mourning Mary’s death.
Your responses so far have motivated me so much, I can barely tell you. Your praise means the world to me! <3
“What do you want to eat?” John repeated the question to Sherlock’s relief and slid the weekly changing menu over to him. Sherlock scanned it quickly and then ordered one of the homemade pasta dishes without much consideration. Food was one of his smallest concerns right now.
“Can I tell you something?” John asked as they lay in bed that night, legs entangled, looking down at Sherlock while he ran his fingers through his ridiculously soft curls. Since neither of them was in the mood for watching telly, they had gotten ready for bed as soon as Rosie was asleep, both putting on their pyjama bottoms more out of habit than a conscious decision. After all, this was only their second night together. New routines would soon take over.
Sherlock shifts in his seat, the teacup in his hand uncomfortably fragile. He sets it down just as John sighs with a familiar air of termination.
“Actually… Would you mind looking after Rosie for a couple more hours?” John asked with an apologetic sigh. How many hours had it been since he’d last held his daughter properly?
Sherlock carefully parked John at the entrance and went to hail a cab. John leaned against one of the pillars framing the sliding doors and tried to take a deep breath. The damaged skin at his side tautened uncomfortably.
His voice drifted off as he re-joined his wife on the sofa and reached for her hand. A quiet whimper escaped her lips before she buried her face in a handkerchief. Mr. Beaumont quickly regained his composure and focused on John and Sherlock again. “Tea?”
“It’s alright, you’re safe, everything’s ok,” John hushed until the tension began to drain from Sherlock’s body and his breathing steadied. Slowly, as if his friend would suddenly start to struggle again, John loosened his grip and slid off of him. “It’s alright, no one’s gonna harm you, I’m here now,” he kept quietening Sherlock whose whole body was trembling now. As his watery eyes finally met John’s, they were full of shame and embarrassment. This was one of the moments Sherlock looked so incredibly young and vulnerable, like a scared child, and John’s insides screamed with the overwhelming feeling of protectiveness. He had sworn himself that he would never allow Sherlock to experience such horror again, after all they had been through, after all he had put him through.
John picks up his daughter and straps her to his chest. She struggles a little against the wrap but ultimately accepts her fate and leans her head against John. Sherlock follows them to the door and watches anxiously as John puts on his coat. “And you text me if anything interesting pops up?”
He softens his gaze and cocks his head. “I’m going to bring this folder back to your flat, alright?”
Having put Sherlock on the sofa and feeling as if he has redeemed himself at least a little after all Sherlock has put him through today, Greg turns to leave once more.
“Every night, as Mrs. Hudson so kindly reminds me on a regular basis,” Sherlock confessed with forced nonchalance and added in a high voice, parodying his landlady: “’You can’t wake me up like this, Sherlock. I need my sleep. I’ll have to wear my noise cancelling headphones every night now.’” He rolled his eyes as John looked at him in obvious dismay.
,” Sherlock said, spitting the word like a curse, as he emerged from the bedroom and buttoned up his aubergine shirt. “We’ve already spent Christmas with those people.”
John squeezed his hand ever so slightly. “I’ve never been so sure of anything in my life. I know you’re usually supposed to date for a few years or months at least but our timeline isn’t exactly conventional, now is it? The last thirty-six hours with you have shown me everything I want for the rest of my life. I don’t need any more proof. I know you never wanted to get married and you abhor the whole concept and if that’s still true that’s fine with me. It’s just that… I want the whole world to know how happy you make me. I want to call you my husband. I… just had to ask. So, what do you say?”
As a doctor, John has no illusions about the various ways their precautions could’ve failed. Those things happen.
“I don’t know, okay?” John shouts, his voice pleading and throaty. “The only thing I do know is that I can’t wait any longer, not a second. I can’t do this anymore. I’ve wanted this since we first met and I never in a thousand years had dreamed you would want it too. How could you?”
John’s hand left Sherlock’s face in an interruptive gesture, his voice jumping up an octave: “You googled anal sex while babysitting Rosie?”
He couldn’t take it anymore and, yet, didn’t want it to ever end. John’s eyes, fixed on him with an animalistic voluptuousness, were promises of cool waters, of refreshment and cleansing, but every torched fibre of Sherlock’s body rebelled against the prospect of being extinguished. Because once he allowed John to end the torture, there would be nothing left but ashes. Desperately, Sherlock clung to John’s body, his fingers pleading, begging for mercy and more, more, more all at once.
Sherlock smiled, a little embarrassed still by his complete overreaction that had cost him his old phone: When John had tried to reach him after their fight, he had lost his nerve and thrown it into the Thames. He had not even thought about replacing it yet but, of course, John was always the more practical of the two of them.
Phew, this chapter cost me so much nerve, and I dare say that it is only the start of some real shit our boys have to work through :( But, of course, they'll make their way back to each other, rest assured! :)
A single tear frees itself from Sherlock’s lashes as he closes his eyes in defeat. He wipes it away with his fist, takes a breath, and states with sudden resolve: “I want to go home now.”
I'm not completely happy with how this turned out. Maybe I'll give this scenario another go in a one-shot, with a more satisfying course of events. But I think it's still a mediocre fun little piece--leading up to the inevitable angsty episode that needs to follow this much fluff! So, stay tuned :)
The air outside is still mild and fragrant, hanging over the heated pavement as Sherlock steps out onto it.
Mrs. Hudson clapped her hands together and all but squealed: “Oh, after all these years. I’m so happy for you!” Her voice regaining some of her usual motherly exasperation, she added: “I had almost given up on you, with all that talking about sociopaths and not being gay. But only an idiot could have missed how you were in love with each other.”
In the same manner, Sherlock endures having pictures taken and welcoming the guests, not smiling once.
There it is again; this new layer of humanity Greg has always suspected to be there but never seen like this before.
“And you are absolutely sure that Jason never fell back into old patterns?” he continued. “He never had any new possessions you couldn’t account for? Anything that would’ve exceeded the amount of his allowance?”
“Do you mean— you had these when I knocked you to the ground?” John’s voice faded to a terrified whisper. Another guilt added to his tab.
“Well, then, we’ll just make new ones that are pretty enough to be photographed. There’s still dough left, no need to panic.”
He still couldn’t believe it. After all these years of silent, shameful pining, of suppressed emotions, lies, and self-restraint, they had finally allowed themselves to fall. And all it had taken were two months of living together again—and one ginormous fight.
“You know, I’ve been thinking,” John breathed between ebbing giggles and brushed some stray curls off Sherlock’s forehead.
As the waiter returned with their food, Sherlock all but growled, clinging onto John’s hand just a little longer before reluctantly releasing it. The two plates the waiter put down in front of them just didn’t seem worth the sacrifice of letting go of John—no matter how luscious the homemade tagliatelle looked, bathed in that ridiculously thick creamy sauce. Well, maybe holding hands could wait for a few minutes, Sherlock thought, his mouth watering. The days when he had been able to go without food for half a week or longer were definitely over.
Sherlock looked up at him, his voice a little hoarser already: “Of course not.” His eyes widened as John slowly pushed one finger inside of him, more words leaving his lips in a single stuttering breath of air: “You’re the only one for me, John, always were, always will. I love you, only you, always you.”
“So, you thought you’d just pop by unannounced?” he asks as he enters the hall, aware that his accusatory tone takes John aback before he even turns around to see his face.
Greg had stopped by to drop off Rosie at Mrs. Hudson’s twenty minutes earlier and invited John and Sherlock to follow him to the Yard. Having already finished their breakfast, which admittedly consisted mostly of Sherlock eating the remainder of his birthday cake off of John’s body, they had both agreed to follow in a cab as fast as they could. Of course,
In the silence of the room, only stirred by two sets of breathing, John’s mind replayed Sherlock’s words in an excruciating loop. He hadn’t known. He had put Sherlock through so much pain and he hadn’t known. What was he supposed to say, supposed to do when—
Sherlock bent down and connected their lips in a slow, innocent kiss. Letting his forehead rest on John’s, he breathed the last part of the refrain: “
Although the version of John waiting for him on the silken sheets was entirely governed by Sherlock’s imagination, he had a way of defying this special purpose. The flinders of real sensations—John’s hand on his arm, his scent, his voice—that Sherlock collected and tried to assemble into a functioning illusion kept falling apart as soon as he let go, no matter how hard he concentrated. There were just too many blank spaces in between, missing data, unknown details—and no way to fill them. Until now.
John clenched his eyes shut for a quick second and blinked rapidly to chase away the tiredness that caressed him with gentle fingers and called him to bed. Maybe they should have stayed another night. At the next service station, he stopped and bought a cup of truly horrible coffee. Sherlock stirred only slightly as John hopped back into the car and tried to drink as much of the scolding liquid as he could without burning his throat. As he steered back onto the motorway, the slender figure next to him moved once more. Apparently finding the cold surface of the car window now less comfortable, Sherlock’s head raised, turned to the other side and then came to rest on his own right shoulder. John calmly smiled as he gathered speed and took another sip of his coffee. Just a couple more miles, a couple more hours and they would be home. At the thought of seeing Rosie and then curling up in his bed next to Sherlock, John’s smile only broadened.
The tall figure of his brother turned around, swung his obligatory umbrella around at his side, and approached Sherlock with the usual expression of smug indifference pinned on his face.
While Sherlock goes through the material he has compiled so far, Greg mostly listens and chimes in when necessary. It is actually quite fun to sit here and pass the time with something as silly as this speech, as long as Greg is careful not to mention John and Sherlock’s drunk escapades.
“I want you to have all the options,” Greg says. Something in his face seems to deflate. He looks ten years older. “If you don’t know, you can’t possibly make an informed decision.”
The hotel is romantic, nauseatingly so, and John fakes enthusiasm while they inspect their suite, the restaurant, and the white sand just outside their door. Although Mary is smiling and laughing so much that John is flinching at the sound, he is sure that she notices the distance between them.
As if John had read his thoughts he said: “Before the flat is full with people and we have to go through the same ordeal again, explaining our relationship, having everyone congratulate us and stuff, maybe you would like to open my present first, while it’s just the two of us?”
“Tuesday,” Sherlock confirms a little late and John, already half-way gone, turns around and gives him another smile. It looks a little sad but maybe Sherlock’s just projecting his own sense of loss onto the familiar face.
Suddenly, the thought of packing up his and Rosie’s belongings without much ado and just showing up at 221B—a thought that has lifted him up the past hours with its enticing image—doesn’t seem to cut it anymore.
“Ehm, a cup of tea and biscuits with you, like four hours ago.” John rubbed his face and Sherlock’s stomach clenched at the sight of his friend’s evident fatigue and discomfort. Seeing John suffer in any form always afflicted him with the nagging sensation of acid burning through his inner organs. Empathy was surely one of the most useless and counterproductive outcomes of evolutionary history ever. Thank God, Mycroft wasn't here to witness his reactions.
The guests toast them enthusiastically and Sherlock feels his throat tightening up, overwhelmed by all the love surrounding him.
“You’re her dad, John, she knows that,” Sherlock said in a serious tone, unresponsive to John’s joke.
“Are you kidding? That was absolutely fantastic. I thought how completely knocked out I was afterwards—or the breakfast I’m preparing—would convey that effectively.”
“Yes.” John’s arm around Sherlock’s waist tightens. “After reading your letter… all these wonderful things you said. I should’ve done that. Earlier, I mean. Years ago. I should’ve told you.”
“So, good?” Sherlock asked, needing a definite affirmation that he hadn’t ruined Christmas with this idea of his.
Sherlock paced the room, feet tapping on the ugly, green linoleum in a relentless rhythm coinciding with his hammering thoughts. Every muscle in his body simmered with excess energy, threatening to tear him to pieces as soon as he stopped moving.
“Did you believe that Nicole was the One when you proposed?” John asks abruptly just as Greg is about to head away with his drinks.
“What? No,” John protests in a high voice. “I wanted to talk to you first. I couldn’t wait a minute longer.”
A shy smile crept onto Sherlock’s lips and John pinned it in place with a kiss. “Don’t you realize what you’ve done today? You’ve considered people’s feelings, you were empathic and caring and still bloody brilliant. You could’ve hurled your deductions at Cal, all these cold, upsetting things—but you didn’t. You saw the situation Cal was in. He was desperate and reckless. The chances of all of us getting out of there unharmed were practically non-existent, especially with the police showing up. Just think about it! A couple of years ago, hell, even a few months ago, nothing would’ve stopped you obliterating that poor boy because he was a suspect. And then we’d be having a dead boy lying in the morgue right now. It was the right call to let me talk him down.”
“I don’t know if I can take another sleepless night,” sighed John, “I almost fell asleep today auscultating a patient.” He pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his burning eyes before handing Sherlock his cup.
The little group made their way to the main floor and John grabbed Sherlock’s hand again, trailing him through the crowd until they found a spot where they all could move somewhat freely. Almost involuntarily, Sherlock set his feet and shoulders in motion to the throbbing beat. The song wasn’t nearly as sophisticated as the classical pieces he usually preferred but there was something urgent and untamed about it and Sherlock felt his limbs tense and relax in rhythmic response to it. This was exactly what he loved about dancing—how his body reacted to music without his brain interfering.
“No, John, I mean…,” Sherlock quickly added at the sight of John’s annoyance. “Clients offer to pay me all the time and I mostly refuse because I don’t depend on it but if you wanted to quit your job it would be no problem to provide a stable income that way. You are indispensable for the work and should be reimbursed accordingly. I’m sure it would allow for a comfortable living.”
God, I hope this wasn't awkward or anything, being a first time for both characters and the writer here :D Please voice any criticism you can think of!
“Sherlock,” John starts, taking a deep breath and a few steps towards him until there’s barely any space left between them.
Running his finger up Sherlock’s chest, John said: “I must admit—After your exemplary behaviour these past hours you do deserve a reward.” Sherlock’s eyes lit up in mischievous glee and John had to supress a chuckle at the sight of his obvious excitement. “What exactly did you have in mind, honey?” he asked innocently.
But the sleep-deprivation wasn’t what got to Sherlock. There was permanent exhaustion carving into his body that slowly but steadily gnawed the flesh off his bones. A few more weeks and his transport would give in, worn down by the constant torture of having John so close and yet being unable to bridge the final distance between them.
“You’re not the only one I need to beg for forgiveness, Mary. I’ve hurt more people for so many years, I’ve hurt them so badly. I don’t know if I can ever make up for it. I’ve done everything wrong. How can you put years of cruelty and suffering right? How can they ever forgive me for the pain I put them through? I’ve always tried to be a good man but, in the course, I deserted the people closest to me. I’ll do anything to try and fix it but what if I can’t? What if I ruined everything, irreversibly?”
. He owed them all so much. How could he do this to them? And if he found someone to sell him some, what difference would that make?
Get ready for some heavy angst. For those of you who are not into this kinda stuff: I'm so sorry but the next few chapters are gonna be an emotional trainwreck. For those of you who enjoy this kinda stuff: Have fun and remember--I warned you!
The phone rang again, the sound an atrocious intrusion in the white noise of the nightly city. Sherlock didn’t even look at the screen this time. He was sure that reading the name again, that four precious letters that his world orbited around, would break him down entirely. Why would John torture him like this? Wasn’t it enough that he didn’t love Sherlock and never would, not the way Sherlock loved him at least? Was he trying to make Sherlock believe that he still cared even though every single one of his reactions had proven the opposite?
“I can see that,” she chuckled, not showing any signs of leaving. John was suddenly very aware that his pants and Sherlock’s t-shirt, that he had grabbed accidentally, covered way too little skin to allow for a friendly chat. In a desperate attempt to cover himself, he grabbed the blanket hanging over his armchair and flung it around his hips to hide his waning but still rather prominent erection.
, he sometimes even missed his damn experiments. Sharing a flat with Sherlock was always challenging, sometimes nerve-racking, but never quiet, never boring. Now, when Rosie had gone to sleep, John often found his own home to be unbearably… peaceful.
It had been years since Sherlock last thought about it. Well, not quite. Ever since the Norfolk case, memories were crowding behind his forehead, pushing to the surface, singly piercing into his consciousness when he let his guards down. Now, with his defences scrunched to dust, everything threatened to come crashing down on him. Sherlock quickened his steps, falling into a half-run, and tried to ascribe his hammering heartbeat to the physical activity. His lungs stung as he blindly followed his legs wherever they would lead him. His feet drummed on the pavement wet from melted snow, but no matter how much he accelerated their rhythm, there was no escaping. You couldn’t outrun a tidal wave.
“John, you once said… Do you… I mean… Do you still lo—,” his voice trailed off, letting the last syllable hang in the air, satiated with doubt and the weight of past mistakes. He couldn’t bear looking at John while he was so vulnerable.
He had not attended his father’s funeral. He had lain under the burning Afghan sun, covered in dust and sweat and fear, while Geoff Watson had become part of the earth again. His superiors had offered him special leave but John had declined.
After struggling with the buttons for a minute, John carefully peeled the shirt from his shoulders and let it, too, drop to the floor. Easing Sherlock’s nerves with a few tender kisses, he brought their bare chests closer until skin melted into skin and their body warmth amalgamated. Letting his hand trail down Sherlock’s spine to relax him before unbuttoning his trousers next, both suddenly froze as John’s fingertips ran over ridges and bumps on their otherwise smooth path.
When he watches John and Mary dance for the first time to Sherlock’s beautiful violin song, Greg allows himself to feel happy for them. They are both smiling from ear to ear as they make it through the waltz, a happy couple if ever he saw one.
It must be the pregnancy. Maybe John has built up some kind of inhibition, an internalised barrier that makes being intimate with his wife seem such a demanding task because it has resulted in something like this.
“It’s Mrs. Beaumont’s,” Sherlock explained, ”I suspect her engagement ring. I found it in the garden.”
To his astonishment, Sherlock didn’t crumble beneath his touch, didn’t collapse or dissolve. Instead, he pulled John in, surrendering and demanding at the same time. He didn’t only bear John, he bore up against him. They moved in perfect understanding.
Sherlock cocked his head, his inquisitive gaze wandering over John’s face in search of something to deduce. “Why’s that?”
In the dimness, he can’t make out a thing but he doesn’t want to wake up Rosie by turning on a light. Trying to get his heart rate to slow down, John feels his way up the stairs and carefully peels Rosie out of his coat and the wrap. She snoozes on, only letting out muffled groans as he gets her ready for bed and places her in her crib.
. Maybe he could blackmail Lestrade to bring him some of his cigarettes. There were at least seven compromising deductions Sherlock could come up with off the top of his head that would probably do the trick. Or he could send someone from his homeless network. However, if Mrs. Hudson, Molly or John got wind of it he would lose his Rosie-privileges completely. Giving up smoking (and, of course, drugs) again had been one of John’s adamant rules for being around his daughter. God
Greg reciprocates his grin. “Oh, believe me, I vividly remember my own wedding planning torture. Nicole was a real bridezilla. Should’ve been a warning sign.” Realising how tactless this last comment might have been, he quickly adds: “But I’m sure you guys will be so happy.”
“Then why are you being so nice?” John asked, his voice now displaying equal parts of amusement and concern. Sherlock was suddenly very aware of his hands and thankful for the cup to wrap around.
“So, Greg said you are something like his live-in PA?” Katie teased and fixed her eyes on Sherlock again.
“Your wife had just died. And you had grieved Sherlock’s death for what—two years? It’s no wonder you were in such a bad place and snapped,” Harry said and, at John’s expression, quickly added: “I’m not approving of it but I can… understand. And I’m sure Sherlock does too.”
As his fingers scoured the mess of bills and receipts again for a hidden banknote, they got caught on a plain white piece of paper, folded twice, the creases already brittle from all the times it had been read. Sherlock’s throat hurt as he swallowed heavily. He hadn’t looked at this for a while: ever since the day they had watched Mary’s second video message. He had almost forgotten about it. But now, the pain of being rejected by John Watson was fresh and acute and it felt like the months between Molly handing him this note with Rosie on her arm and the violent falling out tonight had never happened. As if the bliss in between had only been a fever-fantasy dreamed up by his drugged brain, once again forging memories into something better.
Greg swallows. So, it’s true. There’s something deeper, something more destructive happening to his oh so cerebral friend.
“I wasn’t sure till John’s wedding day when you gave that speech. That was basically a love letter. Even a blind person could’ve seen how much you adore him,” Greg said and gave Molly a side glance.
Maybe, he muses, it’s because he has gotten so used to Sherlock not getting along with anyone, being cruel and callous even with people who admired him. John had been an outlier, a lucky exception, and Greg had simply welcomed the good influence he had on Sherlock, without questioning its source. He had witnessed Sherlock finally finding a friend and failed to recognize how different another kind of love might look for someone like the genius. But the signs were there, just in other shapes than expected.
As the twelfth piece shattered, Sherlock heard Mrs. Hudson’s distinctive steps coming up the stairs. Her head poked through the sitting room door but shrank right back as Sherlock broke another plate by flinging it against the wall. “Sherlock? What is going on?”
Whatever’s led Sherlock to write this letter—and apparently smuggle it into his pocket—it must be important if it can’t be spoken or texted. Maybe Baker Street is under observation again and this is the only safe means of communication.
John grabbed his phone out of his pocket and speed-dialled Sherlock’s mobile. No one answered. He tried again, unsuccessfully. With eager fingers, he typed a message.
“No, I mean, a real family. Not a makeshift arrangement with your sociopathic flatmate. This was never meant to be permanent, I get that now. And that’s okay.” Sherlock’s lips turned into a disillusioned smile. “Why would you settle for that?”
One inch at a time, Sherlock moved closer, hoping that John would ascribe it to the lack of space around them. As the bass became especially intense, John’s eyes slid closed, completely indulging in the vibrations the music sent through the sole of their feet directly into every distant corner of their bodies. The motion and the humid heat of the room send little drops of sweat down Sherlock’s spine and his curls stuck to his forehead. Other bodies were pressing against his own occasionally but one was John’s and that was all he perceived.
“I’m just planning a little surprise is all.” John grins. “Oh, and would you mind watching Rosie today?”
Apparently, Ethan had been out for his morning swim, something he did even in bleak winter, and not returned. Upon finding the body, everyone had suspected that he had drowned—a tragedy, surely, but nothing that the area hadn’t seen before. A more thorough examination, however, overturned this calming hypothesis: There was no water in Ethan’s lungs. He had been dead before he was put in the ocean. It was murder.
They made their usual route, passing Queen Mary’s Rose Gardens and the Open Air Theatre before following the banks of the Boating Lake. John knew that Sherlock had been utterly annoyed at first because Rosie seemed to need an awful lot of walks and fresh air to be content and calm. He always complained that it cost so much time to take her outside; time he could spend working on cases or experimenting while she occupied herself in the playpen. But like so many other little aspects of the life they shared, things had changed over the past two months since John had moved back into 221B Baker Street. Sherlock not only accompanied him on his walks with Rosie now but took her out for a stroll on his own almost every day, having found that fresh air and a little exercise—besides chasing criminals—boosted his mental capacities. John was careful not to rub the fact in Sherlock’s face that he was on the top of his game since he was forced to eat, sleep, and move regularly; it might have resulted in a spiteful hunger strike just to prove a point, and John thought that the tantrums of one child were enough to worry about.
As beautiful as the snow covering the landscape looked, it made for a cumbersome walk home. The pushchair’s wheels kept getting stuck in the wet mixture of melting snow and gravel so that Sherlock had to carry Rosie the whole way. The little girl seemed to like this option better, anyway, as the jolly string of incoherent sounds bubbling from her mouth proved.
Mycroft raised his brows snidely and took a sip of champagne. He strolled into the kitchen and leaned his umbrella against the oven. As if on cue, Sherlock followed him begrudgingly. He was way too happy to argue with his brother but, given the way Mycroft had cared for him during his panic attack, he reckoned he owed him at least a minute of his attention.
Sherlock felt his cheeks softly tint pink and hoped that the dim kitchen light would not reveal all too much of it. He had been so sure that his secret affection for his flatmate had been… well, secret. Yes, people commented on their special bond all the time and Sherlock had never actually contradicted anyone’s assumption about the nature of their relationship—the hopeful spark of people perceiving something more between him and John was way too delightful to stomp out. But his reputation of someone unable to connect with people emotionally had been enough of a protective shield for anyone to refrain from addressing matters personally. Had they all known before he had? Had he been so obvious?
When John doesn’t follow up, Greg is once again about to turn on his heels but that little, uneasy itch doggedly digs at his conscience. Finally, he asks: “When did you know Mary was the One?” He’s not sure he wants to hear the answer.
. Sherlock relaxed a little, knowing he would not be disturbed for at least an hour or so, and started wandering around his mind palace.
The waiter brought their second bottle of Pinot Gris and obligingly asked if he could do anything else for them. John scanned the menu again before caringly looking at Sherlock. “Do you want dessert?”
Sherlock let his free hand wander up John’s other wrist in wavering motion. The skin exposed to the icy air, without another hand—or at least a pocket—to shield it, was already alarmingly cold. Sherlock rubbed John’s fingers in diligent circles to restore some warmth in them. Nothing was allowed to harm this man, not even Mother Nature herself. He would be there to protect him now, with everything he had. He would keep him safe and warm and happy.
It wasn’t the first time someone aggressively flirted with Sherlock but somehow tonight it neither irritated nor confused him—not because Marcus was objectively a handsome and amiable bloke but because John drew demonstratively closer to him every time he overheard their conversation. Sherlock adored this inclination to protectiveness and was, therefore, careful not to discourage Marcus as to not remove the object of John’s jealousy.
At least, no one is here to observe this outburst of sentimentalism. Sherlock’s jaw clenches at the thought what Mycroft would say if he could see him now, on the sofa with the telly still running, if only for the illusion of not being alone.
John called for his flatmate but no one answered. He had probably gone out for a walk with Rosie. Ever since she was teething, she was fussy almost all the time and long walks seemed to be the only thing calming her down. Still oddly irritated by the plant overhead, John began to unpack his shopping. Only minutes later, his assumption was confirmed by footsteps coming up the stairs, accompanied by Rosie’s giggles and babbling, answered by a deep velvety voice, as if in real conversation. Over these familiar sounds, John almost forgot his mistletoe-infused vexation.
For a few minutes, he simply stands under the spray, the water dripping over his face and washing away the last bit of sleep.
Sherlock didn’t care though. John was back at his side again—a worn-out, almost pellucid version of him, but John nonetheless. This time, Sherlock decided, he would do everything right. He would be as supportive and kind and accommodating as he could muster, for John, and for his goddaughter. If this resemblance of togetherness was all that could ever be between them, he would take it. Even if it meant accompanying John on such tedious tasks as grocery shopping.
Seconds thick as honey crept by sluggardly before Sherlock gained control over his limbs again. He wobbled slightly as he came to stand. For a moment, he feared his transport would fail him again and simply collapse under the pressure weighing on him.
Less than one week to go and Sherlock felt quite confident with the results of his endeavour to enhance the Christmas spirit in 221B. There was, however, one thing that he still needed to do, one person still to include in the festivities.
From the bathroom, John hears her laugh as she turns up the water in the shower and, for a moment, everything feels familiar and comfortable.
. Could he still call it that? He quickly swallowed the worries sitting on his tongue and reminded himself to remain calm. All was not lost yet.
John rinses his mouth, rummages through Mary’s toiletries, and takes out the little package with a grateful nod. He dissolves one of the tablets unceremoniously in his toothbrush glass und takes a sip. The bubbles tickle his nose in a way that John finds unbearably annoying.
Sherlock, who had seemingly been too lost in the feeling of John’s naked form against his own to process anything else, suddenly flinched under his touch. John retreated as fast as if he had burned his fingers on the skin underneath, searching for Sherlock’s eyes in another surge of painful clarity.
With a selection of the vilest curses from seventeen languages, Sherlock tears at his hair. But the pain doesn’t suffice to make the thoughts back down in the slightest. With unrelenting bloodlust, they rip the remainders of his alarm system down, mangle his defences and shred his last bit of self-perseverance until Sherlock is reduced to a pacing, rambling, groaning mess.
-harangue and… I… I just lost it. I screamed and cried and… Oh God, I told him everything,” Sherlock puled and fixated Molly with a horror-stricken stare.
“I’ll do them all,” Sherlock interrupted him promptly, grabbing his hand and squeezing it determinedly. “Whatever you want, John. Anything, everything. There’s nothing I wouldn’t give to you.”
They parted and looked at each other, faces tinted red and gold. Sherlock let out an incredulous sigh of deliverance and John’s tasty, tasty lips turned up into a smile that beamed even brighter than a million candles ever could.
“I’m so sorry to disturb you at this hour, Mr. and Mrs. Rowley” Lestrade said, “but we hoped to talk to your son, Calvin.”
“So, that’s where you went,” John exclaimed in a chuckle. He should’ve guessed it: Whenever he and Sherlock fell out, Molly was the one person Sherlock called on to complain. “Well, they could’ve at least called me to let me know you were alive and hadn’t jumped off a bridge or something,” he added mock-grumpily. In his amusement, John almost missed the pained and distinctly guilty expression on Sherlock’s face.
At last, he beheld Sherlock’s body in all its glory: lean, taut muscles under ivory skin, slender but athletic limbs, and a fully erect cock framed by an accurately trimmed nest of black hair. John couldn’t suppress the gasp that caught in his chest at the sight. Without even realizing it, he pulled Sherlock back into a tight embrace, the contact finally no longer adulterated by clothes, and covered every bit of skin he could reach with rather sloppy kisses, breaking contact to purr: “God, look at you, you’re… stunning. Gorgeous. So beautiful.”
John turned around and quickly pulled him into a loose embrace, his hands rubbing soothingly over Sherlock’s lower back.
John softened his voice to a sympathetic murmur, a shallow lake, clear and forgiving, for Cal to wash clean in. “He must’ve loved you very much. And you loved him, didn’t you?”
It took a second for Sherlock’s mind to catch up with the facts he derived from John’s expression. “Oh, right.”
The years that had passed since John had last been here had not taken their toll on his sense of direction. He had walked this path a thousand times before. With a certainty as if the route was tattooed on his skin, his feet led him along the ramified trails without taking a single wrong turn. Despite its familiarity, roaming a deserted graveyard in the break of dawn had a strange feeling to it. The back of his neck tingled from invisible fingers dragging over his skin and, more than once, he was sure someone was watching him. Was there a guard, after all, following him, or another early morning intruder? John forced himself to not look over his shoulder and tried to shake off the odd ambience.
All this normal-human-techniques just aren’t effective on a superior mind such as his, Sherlock notices with contempt. For once, it would’ve been nice to have a head as vacant and peaceful as everyone else’s.
John made his way over to him and caught Sherlock’s lips in a kiss. His eyes fell shut, every sinew of his body vibrating as if John played their anthem on them. Who needed instruments anyway?
It was empty, as was the kitchen. John turned around to look at Mycroft who was still demonstratively standing at the open door and now dropped his falsely polite smile. “I don’t think he wants to see you right now.”
“Yeah, me too,” Harry said and let John pull out one of the chairs for her. He dropped back on his own seat and eyed his sister over. His guilty conscience clutched his guts and twisted them into a painful knot. More than two years had passed since John had last seen her and neither the distance nor their busy lives justified that kind of alienation. After all, Harry was the only relative he had left. The eagerness with which she had accepted his invitation proved once more that Harry wanted John in her life although she never was the one to call first or invite him anywhere. John calmly resolved to make more of an effort in the future—if they were still on speaking terms after this.
“Someone removed his jacket or jumper.” Sherlock nodded towards the crime scene photos and John took the folder. “His jeans are muddy, as is his hair. But his shirt hardly had any dirt on it. He must’ve worn something over it that got removed after.”
“Hm, can’t be it, I’ve had the same thing and I’m fine,” Sherlock said and waved his hand dismissively, now beginning to pace the room again to wear off some of the nervous energy seething in his body.
Both violently giggling, they turned a corner and nearly bumped into another couple. Apologizing through his snicker, John grabbed Sherlock’s hand a little tighter and pulled him past the two and back to his side.
Greg uses his temporary absence to glance at the folder Sherlock has brought along. It’s pretty heavy, loose papers sticking out here and there. Now that he comes to think of it, he remembers Molly telling him about a similar folder Sherlock had used to organise the stag night—maybe it was even that same one.
For now, Greg decides to remain silent, a mere spectator of the show, but he can’t help but wonder if he has misinterpreted the relationship between his two friends all this time.
Like a parasite, guilt is constantly gnawing on his insides, spoiling his appetite and robbing him of his sleep.
John’s insides clenched even tighter at the nickname. No one had ever called him Johnny, except for his mother and sister, back when he had run around in the small garden of a home that would break apart before he turned thirteen. Harry had mostly used it as a term of mockery rather than endearment but, over the course of their adulthood, it had become a codeword, a relic of happier times, and a signal for affection when their pride and their past inhibited any other words.
“Let go, love. I got you.” John’s steady fingers, sprawled on his back, began to spasm, the tips digging into some muscle—Sherlock wouldn’t have been able to recall the name if his life depended on it. He pressed their foreheads together, searching John’s eyes in mortal fear. He had no choice but to trust him, to follow him wherever he might lead. Something warm and sticky landed on their joint skin before one final moan soaring from John’s throat hurled him right over the edge, ablaze like a falling star.
“I know, love. I’m sorry, too. We’ll have to take better care of each other from now on, okay? I couldn’t stand to lose you. Not now that we finally got our shit together, not ever actually.”
“John has said it first,” Sherlock interjects, somehow sounding defiant, eager, and hurt all at once. “When he asked me to be his best man. He said—he said he wanted the two people around he loves most in this world, Mary and… me.”
With a pointed look at John, she added: “And you’re by now almost as bad as he is. I can rustle something up for you. A nice full English? You need something to take your meds with. And I still have a bit of morphine in my nightstand if you—”
“He holds your hair when you throw up?” Marcus asked amused and positioned himself next to Sherlock. Even his alcohol-fogged brain could easily detect the signs of flirtation he displayed.
Sherlock had always craved this dynamic, this side of John—strong and determined, not a loyal foot soldier but a man in command. Every glimpse of it over the past years had kicked his imagination into high gear. This was one of the rare cases in which reality was even better.
John felt his cheeks flush and withdrew his hand from Harry’s grasp to cover his face for a second. If even Harry who wasn’t part of his everyday life had seen through his façade, then John hadn’t been stealthy about his attraction at all. What use were all of his defence mechanisms if his own behaviour betrayed him constantly, telling all the world what he really felt? He had thought that, after the more than embarrassing conversation at Angelo’s on their very first night, he had it all under control. Because he wasn’t still into boys. And Sherlock wasn’t into anyone. But everyone had told a different story. All the comments he and Sherlock had received over the years came crashing down on him and, suddenly, he felt as transparent as the windows glistening in the afternoon sun. The whole world probably knew, except for the two people that really mattered. How much time had they wasted? If only John had gotten his act together sooner. If only Sherlock had made a move. If only one of them had taken that risk.
“John,” he said, still unsure how to phrase his request,” I just wanted to say… I know you care about appearances and what people think and all that—”
“Just once. When he caught me kissing another boy,” John said with enunciatively raised eyebrows and Sherlock gave an understanding yet pitying sigh. “For the next four years, I walked on eggshells, making sure nothing ever upset him. And when I finally finished school and got into King’s College, I left. And never looked back. I worked two jobs and got a loan to put myself through Uni without his support. It was hard but I managed. I was in Afghanistan when he died. Didn’t go to the funeral. Didn’t even see the grave till today.”
The fervency he lays into the lyrics makes John’s insides tingle. He has heard Sherlock sing to Rosie before but nothing has come close to this level of… honesty? The words drip from his tongue as fresh and true as spring water and make John hold his breath almost devoutly, a clandestine listener to a secret symphony.
“It wouldn’t have mattered,” Molly chimed in, with Rosie on her lap babbling affirmatively. “The autopsy suggests that Jason wouldn’t have made it even if Cal had immediately called an ambulance. They would have taken too long to arrive. Cal tried to resuscitate him for minutes and he did it properly going by the broken ribs. It was simply too late.”
John sighed. “I don’t think it is. Sherlock, it’s not just my temper. There’s this—thing, this urge that I can hardly control. I’ve never experienced it like this with anyone else before. It’s… like there’s a whole different being living inside of me that’s trying to take over. And it’s hungry and savage and destructive. I could barely keep it in check the first night… or any time we’ve touched since. I don’t know what it’ll do if I… let go, you know. And if we do
He knows he must tread lightly now. Not his strong suit, if he’s honest. Maybe he shouldn’t say anything at all, just let Sherlock live through this drunken soul-baring and act as if nothing has happened tomorrow. That would be for the best, right?
Greg nodded, eyebrows raised in admission, while John began jotting things down in his little notebook. “You said there was an argument?”
Without giving his saviour the chance to say or do anything else, Sherlock turned on his heels and, once again, ran off into the night as fast as his numb body could carry him. He needed a safe place, now. A place where he could silently crumble into pieces until he found the strength to carry on.
Yes, it’s refreshing and actually kind of cute. Greg knows—or at least suspects—how much John means to Sherlock but watching the genius immersing himself so completely in such unfamiliar waters is something else.
“Don’t look so excited. It’s the normal blubbering,” John dismissed it with a chuckle, captured by Sherlock’s enthusiasm.
I'm finally back with the first chapter of the sequel to A Change of Heart! Hope you will enjoy this one, too :) Concrit is always welcomed, as are kudos and comments ;)
“Did you hear me?” John asks at length as Sherlock still doesn’t move, and he makes a few tentative steps towards him. “I love you, Sherlock.”
“If you really invited me here to tell me that you feel responsible for Dad kicking me out or hitting me or whatever, then I’ll leave right now. Because I can’t take any more of your pity and benevolence. Why do you always have to be such a do-gooder? I’m responsible for my own life and I am so fucking tired of you telling me that I’m not.”
“Yeah, me too,” John says, his tone betraying he is barely listening. Greg follows his eyes over to Mary who is having a spirited conversation with her bridesmaids at the other end of the bar. John watches them for a moment. Greg can’t be sure if it’s the flickering lights but, somehow, John really doesn’t look particularly happy. The colourful spots seem to fade when they cross his face. But probably that’s just Greg’s imagination. Maybe he should stop after this beer.
“And that’s why you fought?” Molly broke the silence, with the most tender tinge of concern in her voice.
For once, John and Sherlock agreed to ride in a police car. Donovan was driving; a fact that Lestrade took advantage of by turning around in his seat every few seconds and eyeing them both sternly.
,” Mr. Beaumont said, clearly familiar with the procedure. “We arrived at 8 and stayed for the whole evening. The staff and our friends can vouch for that.”
“Rowley? Isn’t that—,” Lestrade murmured and dug through the files on his desk until he triumphantly pointed to a list. “Yes, he was on Jason’s graffiti removal squad, got 120 hours for common assault.”
The little disc in his hand feels sharp enough to sever any tie securing him to earth, as if one wrong movement would suffice to hurl him out into the abyss of space.
“And you get to know people’s secrets,” Marcus added with a wink and sat down on the floor next to Sherlock’s chair.
“Okay. That’s… good. You’re right. No more secrets. I promise, you can ask me anything and I’ll be honest with you.” John squeezed his hand encouragingly.
“Yeah, maybe not for you,” John said with pursed lips. Naturally, the posh boy didn’t strain his mind with as trivial a problem as having bills to pay.
A smile bright enough to put the sun watching through the window to shame spread on Sherlock’s face. At the sight, John’s chest unclenched a little, warmed and soothed by the unmitigated joy this man kindled in him. God, how he loved him.
Handing the Mayfly Man over to the officers, Greg feels himself breathe more easily for the first time since yesterday. It seems like they’ve cleared the worst hurdle, the best man speech, and, from here on, things will somehow return to normality. Or some form of it.
“Stop. You don’t get it, do you? This—all of this—this whole utter… tragedy—happened because of me.”
It’s a relief; being able to put a finger on the very thing scaring him so much. And yet, it hurts, like a bruise you didn’t notice until you brush over it on accident.
“Cases?” John follows him up the stairs and Sherlock doesn’t have the strength to tell him not to. “You’ve been working?”
Sherlock looked at him, caught off guard. After a beat, he sighed melodramatically and pulled something shiny from his pocket. John eyed the diamond ring with sceptical surprise, his face one big question mark.
!?” he bellowed and raised his grey eyes, ablaze with anger and unmet aspirations, at his landlady. “What do you want?”
She stuck her chin out defiantly but her voice wavered. “He didn’t do anything wrong. You can’t arrest him.”
“Yes, it is,” Greg sighed. “We’re talking about Chief Superintendent Beaumont’s son here. That’s why this case is so high-profile and I need your help to solve it as quickly as possible. His mother discovered the body behind their shed. He had apparently suffered a heart attack some time last night between 10 pm and midnight.”
He did know. Sherlock let out his breath. When would he finally learn to not underestimate John bloody Watson? Of course, he had noticed how Sherlock was struggling with their new arrangement. He suppressed the urge to bang his head against the cold car window and instead forced himself to blend out everything but the song. This was John, speaking to him. And he needed to listen.
“I meant what I said. I want to lick and kiss and pleasure every inch of you, John. I want to swallow as much of you as I can, take you all in.”
“But they can wait till tomorrow, can’t they?” Sherlock kept complaining and began to place soft, teasing kisses up his neck. John felt goosebumps spread over his skin as Sherlock nibbled at his earlobe, a sigh working its way out of his lungs instead of a reply.
Would John and he lose track of her friends and interests as well when she’d grow up? Would she feel the need to hide her true self from them?
The last plates have just been cleared when Sherlock rises and clears his throat. Greg braces himself, clasping his beer glass tightly.
Now they lay here, in their bed, snuggled up as tightly as humanly possible. And John didn’t want to fall asleep, even though his eyelids were made of lead and his thoughts crawling sluggishly through the deep mud of his tired brain, barely moving forward.
He left the Upper Bridge Road with its suburban idyll behind and made a turn on Writtle Road. Only five minutes later, as he stopped in front of the gate and read the sign, he realized that he had not thought things all the way through:
Before he can lose his courage, he swiftly tiptoes over to where John has hung up his coat on the landing and slides the letter into his pocket.
“I’m glad you could make it,” John said as Harry reached his table and pulled him into an awkward hug. Even her thick winter coat couldn’t hide how much her wing bones stuck out beneath John’s fingers. Harry had always been thin, bordering on anorexic, and John hadn’t expected anything to have changed. Year after year, he had tried to address this subject and it had only estranged them further. At one point, he had decided to stop nagging her about her weight, just as he didn’t comment on her drinking anymore. She was an adult and capable of her own decisions, even if she still radiated the relentless energy and spite of a snotty teenager. Harry never played by anyone else’s rules and John had to accept that. Yet, he sucked in the air as she doffed her coat and revealed the frame beneath. She looked so fragile with her ash blonde waves bouncing around a prominent collar bone and hollow cheeks. Her waist was so tiny that John thought he’d be able to wind both hands around it with his fingers still touching each other.
Preparing Sherlock was like dangling a juicy steak in front of a pack of starved hounds. John tried his best to keep his movements careful and calculated, aiming only at pleasing Sherlock without getting carried away by the intoxicating mixture of his moans and motions. But it was no use. A painful urge pooled in his groin, threatening to overwhelm him the first instance he let his reign slide.
The pure panic and anguish evident in Sherlock’s voice made John’s heart skip a beat. His adrenaline ran high; He followed his first instinct and threw himself on Sherlock with all of his body weight, pinning his wildly kicking limbs to the bed before he could seriously hurt himself. Sherlock still cried John’s name in agony and tried to free his wrists from his tight grip.
“First dates are supposed to be a bit awkward,” John said jokingly, getting serious again upon Sherlock’s pained expression. “There’s no need to worry, Sherlock. We’ve known each other for years now and we’ve been here a hundred times. You don’t have to do anything differently—except for eating for once.”
“I—,” he began, struggling for words to hold the ginormous amount of remorse swashing against the insides of his ribcage.
Molly sat down diagonally from him and reached out over the table to brush over his forearm in an attempt to lower it.
Unfortunately, the admittedly huge box empties faster than anticipated. After another hour of mindless telly, the chocolate is gone and its soothing effect vanishes shortly after. Sherlock tries to hold on to the sugar high but, by now, he can pinpoint every nerve ending on his left forearm where his right hand has worried the skin in a nervous attempt to distract his brain from its own stupidity.
“You couldn’t embarrass me if you tried, John, especially not with this.” Sherlock bent down and placed a tender kiss on reluctantly smiling lips. “And I have long given up paying heed to whatever those imbeciles print in their papers.”
He propped himself back up on one arm to lock his lips on Sherlock’s again. John needed to shut him up before these obscene and oh so ambrosial moans made him lose every last bit of authority over his limbs. Between kisses, Sherlock’s movements accelerated further, his body shaking in untameable jerks, until he finally flung his eyes open, grasped John’s shoulder with one hand and forced out fragments, gasping for air: “John, I— I need— I want—”
and his fingers closed tightly around his phone, still blaring music out of its weak little speakers. If this was John, the words he couldn’t find himself but needed to express, then he had just told him… But that couldn’t be. It just couldn’t. Maybe he just liked the song and wanted to share something nice with Sherlock for once.
A notable distance ahead of him, nothing more than a blurry silhouette, the stranger had almost reached the street already. Damn, he was fast.
“John,” Sherlock breathed and all but fell to his knees beside John’s bed. “Are you alright? How’re you feeling? Are you in pain? Do you need stronger medication?”
“I know that ordinary men often tend to claim to be somewhat enslaved by their hormones to justify all kinds of stupid behaviour in pursuit of sexual intercourse but that you follow this alarming notion is really beneath you,” Sherlock kept spitting out. “I thought the aftermath of your little texting lapse with my sister would be enough to teach you a lesson. Or have you already forgotten how guilty you felt for cheating on Mary? I would’ve guessed that you’d think twice before making the same mistake again just because a half-pretty woman gave you her number.”
Sherlock doesn’t so much as look at him, his fingers placed at his temples. “This is hard,” he says, his tone grave and tinged with desperation.
Greg heaves a sigh and quickly presses his eyes shut as if in pain. “Listen,” he says with his hands raised defensively, “I didn’t want to meddle and I still don’t know if this is the right thing to do. But I can’t just stand by and watch and do nothing.”
“Yes. Piano, guitar, violin, cello, clarinet. I even had a drum set as a kid—although that was mostly to annoy Mycroft and my parents.” Sherlock grins stupidly while his younger self on the screen plays a few shy cords.
“I think you knew it, somewhere deep inside, ever since that day you dragged me home from Aaron Spencer’s house, you know, the little white one on Holland Road. Do you remember? I’ll never forget and, fuck, I tried to. I got my first kiss that day, in Aaron’s garden, behind the pear tree. You came to pick me up and found us all sitting there. We played spin-the-bottle as soon as we had finished our first bottle of cider, Aaron, Lisa, Edith, and I. Edith had nicked a few from her sister and we giggled and felt so grown-up. You must’ve seen me kiss Aaron. It wasn’t just a quick peck but a real kiss. And I was over the moon until you showed up. When we came home that night, you told me how disgusted you were, how disappointed Mom would’ve been. And you hit me for the first time. It had always been Harry’s head on the line until then. She had always been the one that brought shame upon our family, as you used to call it. Even after she had left, you’d never lain a finger on me, till that day.”
“If anything… Just call, will you?” Mycroft fixated Sherlock, words thick with worry, and, to John’s astonishment, Sherlock simply nodded and gave his brother a sad little smile instead of a snarky remark. John’s insides coiled into a tight knot. If the Holmes brothers didn’t even squabble anymore… This was bad. This was wrong. Why had Mycroft been here in the first place? What had his presence prevented from happening?
Lestrade invited himself and Donovan, and finally John and Sherlock, into the Rowley’s home. While he still showed his batch, a woman emerged from what Sherlock suspected to be the bedroom. She, too, wore a dressing gown and her look was rather dazed. Sherlock could smell cheap perfume and cheaper liquor.
“And then what?!” Sherlock exclaimed against the humiliatingly deadpan man, ever the soldier, and jerked his head back. “You would’ve changed your mind? John
He blinks, unsure whether to believe his eyes. Bouquets of varying sizes are arranged in vases and some of Sherlock’s larger flasks, and now Sherlock’s brain finally identifies the enchanting fragrance. There are white peonies, green carnations, and bunches of lavender…
When he finally feels like a human being again, he manages to wash his hair and body. He has scrubbed every inch of himself clean, twice. His fingertips begin to shrivel already and he can’t think of another sensible reason to prolong the shower. After all, he can’t stay in here forever. As much as he wants to.
“But I’m done with that now. I am so tired of all this guilt. I’m a father myself now and I want Rosie to become the person she wants to be, no matter what. I don’t want to pass all this garbage on to her. This—the hypocrisy, the hate, the secrecy—ends with me. So, now, I’m giving myself permission to feel this, all of it. Because there’s someone who sees me the way I really am. Someone special and smart and beautiful and kind and just extraordinary. And I think he loves me. There is a real chance for me to get everything I’ve wanted since I can’t remember when. A chance to be happy, to actually feel happy from the bottom of my heart, not just because I should be.” John let a smile spread over his tear-wetted features. “He makes me happy, even if he drives me crazy. And I know if you love me the way that parents should love their children, then you’ll be just as happy for me, with me, regardless of my preferences.”
“This morning sickness is no joke,” she says when John enters again an hour later. She’s lying on the bed, looking pale and shaky.
They made their way to the mortuary where Ethan Nichols was laid out. John clenched his brows and fists sombrely at the sight of the lifeless body in front of him. He was only a kid, a boy that would never become a man. His face framed by ash blond hair would forever be stuck between the soft features of a child and the emerging markers of adulthood. Smooth white skin stretched tightly over lean muscles that clearly indicated a lot of physical activity. After all, John thought, he had gone out for a swim every day in the break of dawn. Now, the pale flesh was blemished by angry red lines drawn all over the torso up to his throat in a mazy pattern that resembled lightning.
, John was touching him in a way he had always longed for and Sherlock couldn’t help but thrust into his fist, letting his heart rule his head at last. His brain couldn’t have come up with something so spectacularly good in a million years; What use was his genius intellect in a situation like this? This was just like music, like dancing. He needed to let his body take control, to follow the rhythm of John’s panting, the melody of his kisses. He needed to let go.
John had fetched Rosie who was now sitting in Greg’s lap, marvelling at the burning candles with bright, curious eyes. Sherlock stepped to the table, his fingers searching for John’s and squeezing lightly as they both watched the little girl giggle and stretch her hands out to the dancing lights. She would grow up with two fathers, with two loving parents, and aunts and uncles who adored her. She would grow up in a home, with candles on a cake and her drawings on the fridge, with Sunday dinners and summer nights filled with music. She would grow and witness a loving marriage. Sherlock would make sure of it.
“Will you shut up for once?” John growled, relishing in the way Sherlock’s breath caught and his cock excitedly twitched against his own.
Rutherford named an address and Sherlock nodded in grim triumph. Without another word, he took John’s hand and rushed out of the office space.
“Now, we’ll just have to get the tree,” Sherlock replied, voice raised so John could hear him over the busy noise all around them. Despite the throng of Christmas shoppers that threatened to swallow them, Sherlock’s chest was filled with a warm glistening excitement at the thought of all the ornaments they had just picked out and the prospect of hanging them on a sturdy fir in their home. He hadn’t done this since early childhood, since Mycroft had impressed the foolishness and pointlessness of any kind of tradition upon him year after year after year. Then, John had entered his life and, with the steady fingers of the surgeon he was, began to extricate these splinters Sherlock’s older brother had dug into him over decades. They only came out one sharp piece at a time and left Sherlock bleeding crimson insecurity—but they came out. And John’s friendship filled the voids they left.
“So, pray, raise your glasses,” Greg announces at last, “for Mr and Mr Holmes-Watson, knights in shining armour, and their happily ever after.”
This isn’t going as planned, at all. Greg sighs internally as Sherlock gets up, leaving his documents scattered all over the table. He ploughs through the crowd, not even stopping to pay their check. Hastily, Greg picks up their stuff and fumbles a few crumpled-up pounds out of his wallet. That was supposed to be his cab money, but whatever.
). In a way that takes Sherlock back to his early childhood, he finds that warm, homemade food can be remarkably comforting.
“I know,” Sherlock exhales and lets his cheek sink onto John’s head. The scent of his shampoo fills his lungs and makes him slightly dizzy. “But it is what it is.”
When Sherlock had woken in the morning and found the bed beside him empty, he had panicked a little. His bad dreams were usually so lifelike and convincing that he had a tough time telling them apart from reality. Had he simply fantasized about John coming to his rescue? No, he definitely wore different pyjamas than yesterday and his second pillow had been used by someone else. But, then, where was John? Had he slipped out of bed as soon as he could in order to avoid Sherlock? Had Sherlock done or said something embarrassing in his sleep and chased him away? How had their relationship altered in the course of one night? Data, he needed data.
“He’s like the Anders of this department.” She said and I smirked, turning back to the board. There was no connection. Nothing at all. Just a couple physical descriptions.
“So, normally during the drills we go and grab the emergency bag and sometimes, I’ll just hang out in the closet so I don’t have to go all the way down to the ground floor and come back.” She started. I created the picture in my mind, the closet minus the dead body. “This time, the power was out when the fire alarm turned on, so I went over to the closet to grab the bag. But,” She said, her face turning pale and ghostly. “When the power came back on, I saw the body in there. I shrieked and screamed but by the time we were going to evacuate, the drill was over.” She said. Jane thanked her and moved past me to look at the body.
“It’s strange.” Jane said, after examining the body for a minute. “He shows all the symptoms of someone who was in extreme shock.” Halle stepped forward.
“Well, you weren’t planning on eating all that food and you don’t like those noodles. Isn’t it around the time you take your medication? Though, you haven’t been taking it for several days…”
“I already confessed!!” He said. “I did it! Ms. Winthrop inherited a large amount of money and I wanted some if it. She refused to pay me since I was helping her on the side! So I killed her!” His outburst caused the others to glare at him, the other man then pointing out that he didn’t kill them, they did. Lestrade threw his hands in the air.
“I’m going to bed.” I said. She looked up from her book and nodded before looking over to her plate. She wants to eat, but can’t bring herself to have the appetite. She stood and took the plate into the kitchen, scraping the food into a container of the trash can. I walked into my room and heard the stairs overhead creak as Jane made her way into her room. I sat on my head and ran a hand through my hair. How was I ever going to apologise for what Eurus did? How was I supposed to help her? I remembered the time when I watched her pull off her shoes and tried to apologize.
“Man driving the black car had a broken leg and a possible concussion when we got to the accident. They put him in this ambulance and a couple minutes later, dead.” He said. Dawson was wide eyed and looked over the whole ambulance. I stepped into the ambulance and looked over instruments and technology. Finally I noticed the fluid bags. They were labeled wrong. I picked up a bag with sedative and realized that the smell was off. It wasn’t sedative. I looked at the file of the man who’d died. Minor allergy to pain medication when he was six. Boom. Case solved. Minor allergy gets worse as you age, allergy that hasn’t been noticed comes back after a car accident. Nurses don’t know what to do and treat him wrong. Dead. I stepped outside and stood next to Lestrade.
“How come in five years you didn’t have a child?” I asked, overlooking the ‘nobody’ part of his little speech.
“You asked for Jasmine when I went to the store because they didn’t have any of the other flavors you like.” I told him, waiting for another cup of tea to settle. Sherlock's eyes were rather wild and I realized that there was dark liquid dripping from the hem of his coat. “What are you dripping all over the floor?” I asked. A tinge of red was mixed in with water. “Tell me that’s not blood.” Sherlock smiled and watched the drops fall on the floor.
“Have you not been listening? We just need to get into the food stock and figure out how it got there!” He said excitedly.
“Strange. Any boyfriend would’ve been involved in the investigation. That’s besides the point, I found Miss Jenny Harrows body, now we need him to confess.” He told me.
“And do you have something to wear?” I asked, realizing I wasn’t sure if Sherlock had any nice suits.
“Oh.” I said. “I was expecting Greg.” Anderson looked around the flat and handed my a heavy envelope.
“Well, we always have drill and stuff, but we never really participate. Usually we all go in the closet so we don’t have to go all the way downstairs and come back. The closet is definitely large enough for all of us, I mean one time when the cops came looking for one of the workers we’d just filed, we all went into the closet. We all fit too and there used to be four more people that worked up here…”
I could see why he brought it to me. Such a complicated case that he couldn’t even get the government into it. This was fairly underwraps. Many victims, almost too many. I flipped it open to the first victim. Jeremy Revere, 34 years old. Found on a balcony 24 floors up. Increased heart rate, possibly a heart attack. Friends and family reported that Jeremy had an extreme fear of heights. Abbi Morris, 27 years old. Found in an elevator, once again increased heart rate, classified as a heart attack. Extreme claustrophobia. Ashley Parson, 57 years old. Found on the edge of a Lake in the countryside. Friends said Ashley was afraid of large bodies of water. It was strange. All of their deaths were in places they would never expect to be in. All died of a “heart attack”. I flipped to the most recent case, it was still open. I grabbed my phone and called Jane. She picked up on the second ring.
“Redbeard, Sherlock. Redbeard.” Eurus said, singing her song. “You see the tie Sherlock, of all your dreams and memories, you’ve always been afraid of deep water, and I’m afraid it’s getting deeper.
“Need you with the Morgenstern case.” He said. I turned to head back in the flat when Sherlock was suddenly behind me. I bumped into him as I turned. He already had his coat on and was out the door before I could utter an apology. I ran into the flat and grabbed my coat and a pair of flats before rushing outside and getting into the taxi.
“Seriously? You drink my tea and then want to criticise it?” I walked back over to the kettle and poured another cup.
“I...I did.” He stumbled. I sat back down, satisfied. His cocky nature replaced by fear. I tucked a lock of honey blonde hair behind my ear. He began to cry a little, his guilt seeping out.
“Fire alarm went off, though there was no fire. Employees went to get emergency supplies from the closet and found a body.” He said, glancing behind me. “Where’s Jane?”
“Yes! I know! I followed the instructions to the letter! I tried everything but I never found Redbeard!” I said, frustrated. A girl was about to die and I had no idea where Jane was or what kind of danger she was in.
When it was finally our turn the car pulled up right in front of the stairs. A couple of short boxy men came and opened the door and I stepped out. The other went around and opened the door for Sherlock. I stared at the house and took a step forward when I noticed Sherlock was gesturing for me.
“So which is guilty?” Lestrade asked. Sherlock turned towards the door, his face a mask. I fell into step behind him as he left the room. Lestrade followed. “Sherlock? Come on, you must have some idea!” He said.
“They really do let anyone in these things now.” “Yes, I think that’s Mr. Holmes plus one.” “Mycroft Holmes?!” “No, the other one, Sherlock.” “Why would he bring her, though I heard….” I continued to walk. I was almost used to the whispers, the insults, the unneeded commentary. Sherlock had, of course, disappeared. I sighed. At this point I just wanted to leave and we hadn’t even been there for an hour. After a half and hour of looking, I found Sherlock. He was still standing near the group but was pulled off to the side. He was talking with Elana who was wearing a suggestive, skimpy dress. I rolled my eyes and worked my way around the crowd. When I got close, Sherlock had said something to offend her.
When  got back to the flat I dumped my bag into a heap on the floor and took my hair out of the pony tail that felt like it was pulling my brain out. I sighed and flopped into the chair. I heard a bang and groaned. Sherlock came out of the kitchen his face covered in what looked like soot. I rubbed my face. Sherlock gave me a maniac smile,
I heard a door open behind me and turned. The door was open and a man was standing there. As they approached their features changed. A young man, wearing an army uniform was standing in front of me.
“Come in!” She called from the otherside of the door. I stepped into the flat. It was a clean, one bedroom apartment. The walls were pretty bare, a couple of photos were on a small table by small couch. There was a small coffee table that worked as a kitchen table though it only had three chairs around it. A white kitchen glistened in the back. Jane disappeared into her room, a bundle of laundry in her arms. She came back and stopped in the doorway, leaning against the frame. She was taller now, her hair was longer. She looked older, wearing a pair of jeans rolled up to the ankle and a dark green sweater. I gulped, for once feeling unnerved. For all the time I’d spent with her, I never found her hard to deduce. Though she always told me not to, I didn’t think it mattered much anymore.
“Nonsense! It’s just started, is there something you don’t like, I’d be glad to help you.” She said. A man who I assumed was her husband came with a glass of champagne and handed it to his wife.
“Jane!” Sherlock exclaimed, “Where are you?” I looked around and went to take a step before I realized there was water.
“I was wondering if you needed any assistance?” Dawson Fair asked, slipping through the door. Jane didn’t give me a opportunity to tell him to leave before she answered him.
“I don’t doctor anymore, I was in the military. I specialized in emergency and general care.” I explained. One ladies face turned kind of sour.
“Sure. I don’t think I’m on shift tomorrow.” She said, following me out of Lestrade's office. We went out on the street and called for a cab, Jane slid into the cab and laid her bag on her lap while I relaid the address.
I walked into the flat, it’s floors refurbished and the wall paper still not looking worn. I set my violin case on the desk which for once wasn’t covered in papers. Jane was sitting in her chair, a blanket on her lap and a book in her hand. I walked over and sat down, waiting for her oncoming questions. They didn’t come. A barely eaten plate was situated on the table, a cold cup sitting next to it. I watched as her eyes scanned one page, then would go back and read the same page. She wasn’t actually reading, or at least she was trying, re-reading the same pages over and over not processing much of anything. Though she told me not to deduce her, she seems oddly vulnerable. Circles under the eyes, limited sleep caused by large amounts of stress. She hair was in messy bun on the top of her head, hairs falling out to fan the back of her neck. Tired, possibly not feeling well. Messy clothing meaning careless, relaxed. Definitely not feeling well. The uneaten plate of food and cup of cold tea, no appetite because of stress or being shaken. I looked out the window and out into the street where the street lamps had started to turn on. I stood and turned back Jane,
“Lestrade.” He said. I simply listened. “There’s a man in the Hartman Cafe now who you will find has been abusing his divorced wife. I wouldn’t be surprised if he was involved in any other cases…. Just pick him up Lestrade I know it’s Sunday... I didn’t say you had to come do it yourself.” He flipped the phone shut and handed the phone back. He began to walk down the street at a brisk pace and I jogged to catch up with him.
“Watson! Grab your coat, we’re leaving!” He yelled up. I grabbed my coat from a chair, pulling my arms through it. I dashed down the stairs and slipped my feet into a pair of flats. Sherlock was already outside, trying to hail a cab. After a second of waving his hand, he gave up, moving further down the street. I brought my hand to my lips and let out a whistle. A cab pulled up by the curb and I slid into it, calling Sherlock over. He got into the cab and gave them the address to an apartment. When we arrived, police tape lined the street. Sherlock got out of the cab and I handed the driver a note, apologizing for Sherlock leaving so suddenly. I jogged to catch up with him and raised up the police tape to get into the scene. Lestrade stood next to the door and held it open for Sherlock, nodding to me before we headed inside.
“Get there faster!” I said, my temper rising with my voice. I turned on my heel and interviewed another worker and found that most of the workers had no idea what was going on. They’d been sitting it their cubical when the power went out and the fire alarm turned on, next thing everyone knew, Ms. Hamil was screaming about a body. I rolled my eyes, I was getting nowhere. No one seemed to know anything and the one person who did wanted to tell me their life story. I picked up a chair and threw it against the wall.
“For you.” She said. I stared, chocolate palettes of this sort were expensive. There were at least fifty chocolates in the box.
“I know.” He said and that was the end. I picked up a couple of shavings of paper that had fallen on the floor. I brought them over to the wastebin and noticed that part of the kitchen table had been cleared off. I looked back over in Sherlocks direction but he had picked up the violin and begun to play. I smiled to myself and walked over to my chair. I watched Sherlock. He was lean and almost looked athletic besides the fact that he didn’t care about sports. This hair was tousled parts were sticking up in different directions. I’d always been jealous of his violin skills and they way he seemed to perform everything effortlessly. Bored, I made my way up to my room.
“Home. I just want to go home.” She sniveled and her voice cut off. Eurus comes back on the screen in the room and I suppressed a sneer.
“He’s going to want the recordings of the confessions and the files they have them. If you could drop them by the flat later, it would be much appreciated.” I told him. He nodded his head.
Later in the day I threw in a microwavable meal and ate it while watching the Telly. It didn’t take long from some minor story about Sherlock and I popped up. We seemed to be the only thing London wanted to talk about. They were still talking about the Morgenstern case, how nothing was confirmed, blah, blah, blah. With a mouth half full of food, I turned to Sherlock.
“Tell him she’s fine. Under no circumstances are you to tell him what happened.” Mycroft said, turning back to the screen.
“In the flat.” I said. I rolled up the top of the envelope and turned to walk back up the stairs. Anderson climbed the first step.
“I still think this is a bad idea. I promised not to tell anyone and the last thing I need is an ex-military soldier coming for my hide.” He said. I waited. Mycroft sighed and opened the file.
“That's my wife. That’s my wife.” He turned to look at me. “That’s my wife.” Eurus turned back towards us, the large black back of the chair obscuring his wife from our view.
“And Molly didn’t need this food why?” I asked. Jane shrugged her shoulders and slid the chicken into the oven.
“I don’t need to do a sweep do I?” He asked. I gave him a pointed look. Ever since I had moved in to the flat with Sherlock, he kept wanting to do drug checks. It was as if everyone wanted to prove to me how bad of a person Sherlock was.
Later, we walked into the flat, with its scorched walls and demolished flooring. We walked into the living room, looking through the broken windows into the road outside. Sherlock walked over and propped up his chair, I turned to mine, covered in soot and grime, and flipped it up as we began to put the flat to rights.
“Housekeeper? Who ever got that funny idea into your head? I work with him.” I stated. I shoved the milk and eggs into the fridge.
“Really? It must run in the family.” I added. Sherlock smirked then grabbed his phone and typed quickly.
“Oh. You’re at the flat.” He stated, I could hear the strain in his voice and could feel his own apprehension. “Well. I don’t know if you want to know. I mean privacy and all.” He said.
“Now, there's an envelope on the table and a case that was unsolved by all but me. A man was shot from a distance of 300 meters, the three suspects were three brothers. He was shot with this rifle” She said as Sherlock reached up to take the gun. “So, which brother? Use your friends Sherlock, I want to see how you interact with others.” Sherlock looked up at the screen before turning the gun to Mycroft.
“And none of you worked with the other?” I asked, stepping forward. They looked back and forth at each other.
“Wow. You really are a genius. I mean, I read about you in the paper, but I had to. I had to come and see if you’re really as great as you say. You know what, I’ll even stop reading your blog since you don’t like to so much. I’m going to have to do that. Wow… the real Sherlock Holmes…” She rambled on as she walked out the door.
“I told you I was leaving, it’s not my fault you weren’t listening.” I said, sitting in my chair. Sherlock turned to the man,
“You’re going to tell me everything you know about Jenny Harrow.” I told him. I didn’t bother asking it as a question. It tended to make people think that they didn’t have to answer. Landon paled a little.
“That doesn’t matter.” Sherlock interjected. “I just need you to say these words for me, ‘I love you’.” He instructed.
“If it must be done.” I said, looking at Sherlock. He stared back at me, looking somewhat appalled. He turned the gun away.
“We can fix that.” He said. I looked at Sherlock, never sure what he was planning. Lestrade brought us into a lounge where the family had quickly assembled. All of them were stick thin and though it was early in the morning, all of them were powdered for the press. Several of them were crying and it was a wonder that mascera wasn’t running down their faces. When Sherlock stepped in behind me he bent down and whispered to me. “While I distract them, go into the adjacent room and look at the body. If you can, see if you can grab part of a nail. At least look at the eyes. Remember every detail.” He said. I nodded and kept my eyes on the group of people. He straightened. “I’m Sherlock Holmes, and I would be delighted if you all told me who you are and what you know.”
“Well, it seemed Miss Kennedy Morgenstern committed suicide.” He said. The older woman gasped and began to cry fat tears.
“Oh. David.” I said, tucking hair behind my ear and smiling. “Haven’t seen you in a while.” I mentioned. David and I had worked close before I moved with Sherlock. After I left, David had become relatively bitter, especially when he caught me at the same time Sherlock showed up.
The dreams didn’t stay away and when the alarm clock went off, I blinked a few tears from my eyes. It was getting better, less nights that I woke up screaming, thinking I was dying. I got up from bed and threw on some shorts and another tank top. I slid socks on my feet and was out the door. Ever since my legs were better I’d tried to get into a habit of running every morning. It was difficult, but I was still in good shape. I ran along the parts and the river and watched as the city began to wake, blinking the sleep from it’s eyes. I made my way back to the flat and still didn’t hear Sherlock. I got in the shower and washed my hair, pulling it back into a thick bun. I made my way down stair and made myself tea. I found Sherlock sitting in his chair, staring off into space.
“Go to the front of the plane.” I instructed. “Do you see anything that looks like a break, or emergency button ot maybe a radio?” Panicking a little
”Harrison Mull.” I told Jane as we walked towards the house. Police tape still lined the sidewalk around the house. A few investigators still mulled around the house, looking for something. “23 years old. Works at the nuclear plant on the other side of town.” I pointed out. Jane nodded and bent down under the tape. “Found in his room with the curtains and blinds pulled, windows locked, door closed.”
Hey guys, I'm back. Honestly, I've been working on these last parts for a while and fell into quite a deep writers rut. I debated on ending the story with chapter 23, but felt that with all the work that I've put into it, you guys deserve to see it. Some of the following chapters connect with the BBC Sherlock show, so I hope there's enough original ideas that you guys still like it. Without, further complications (hopefully), Book VII!!
“What kind of boyfriend isn’t up to date with the investigation. Because you knew she wasn’t coming back.”
“I’m sure you did. Since when did the Holmes boys care about how anyone felt.” I rubbed my face. “Get out.”
“I can’t believe people actually live in those houses.” I said. “I can’t believe that they can afford them.” Sherlock didn’t comment. As we continued the houses got larger and the estates more extravagant. Finally, at the end of the road, laid a large house. It was covered in soft lights and a line of cars was pulling up in front of the doors. Ladies and gentlemen were getting out of the cars and going up the stairs and into what was the largest house I’d ever seen.
“Yes. A air conditioning man came to fix her machine a couple weeks ago.”I ran back to the road and hailed a taxi. One actually came and stopped in front of me and I jumped in and gave directions to the flat.
“Because you don’t need to be informed about everything that happens in everyone's bloody lives.” He snapped before calming back down. “She didn’t take it well, but in the end, I think it helped her.” I stood up and walked to the door, ready to do the one thing I didn’t think I’d ever do again. Apologise.
“Go then.” She said, stone cold eyes staring at me. I stared at her. I put my hands to my sides, my fists trembling. Even in the army I wasn’t treated as bad as this and only a thin string was keeping me from yelling at her. I turned on my heel and marched outside, the whole party having gone silent. Whispers followed me all the way outside and I realized that I had no idea where they had pulled around the car. A servant held out a pair of keys to me and I snatched them out of his hand. He didn’t even look sympathetic. He gestured to the back of the house and I walked out and clicked the keys, waiting for a car to beep. Rows and rows of black cars and I fought the urge to kick one. Finally I found the car and slid into the front seat. It turns out the drivers didn’t come back until the party was over, so I’d have to drive myself. I slipped my shoes off and put them on the seat to the left. I pushed the keys into the ignition and drove out of the estate, leaving the glittering lights and Sherlock behind.
“Shut it Anderson.” I said. I opened the envelope and looked at the files inside, a couple of recorders laying at the bottom.
“Amanda Murphy. Me and my husband have been married for three years, but lately his job was keeping him late. I didn’t like that much and complained to him, but he wrote it off. Soon, he wasn’t coming home until really late at night.” Her eyes began to tear up and I refrained from rolling my eyes.
“Dawson.” Lestrade said, “Mind if we borrow some files?” He asked, striding over to the desk. He gaped as Lestrade picked up a stack of three or four files.
“Rough night?” I asked. He nodded and brought us into the sitting room where Kennedy Morgenstern had met us before. He handed Sherlock a folder and I moved to read it over his shoulder. A picture of Kennedy stood out on top and Sherlock casual flipped it out of the way. Lestrade rubbed his face,
“Stay here, don’t offend anyone, you wore the wrong dress.” I grumbled to myself. A couple ladies migrated towards me, glasses of champagne in their hands.
“Jenny?” He asked. He would have run his hand through his hair if his hands hadn’t been cuffed. “What about Jenny?” He asked.
“It’s interesting.” She said. We sat and she drank her tea in silence. The clock ticked away and Jane looked over at the clock once her second cup was drained. “Shouldn’t you be getting back to the flat?” I looked back up at the clock, realizing how late it was in the day and that the fact that this wasn’t our flat.
“No, she was getting kind of bored and had mentioned wanting to travel the world. I guess she did since she just up and left.”
“We could answer your questions if you let us on the scene.” I said, raising my voice. They all seemed to look at each other like they either didn’t realize I was there or actually found fact in what I said. The reporters parted though still the clicking of cameras followed us. I opened the door and went into the house. Everything seemed significantly duller going in the second time. Nothing seemed to glow as it did before. Lestrade walked out from a room and attempted a smile. He looked exhausted, dark rings hung under his eyes and he too was wearing the same outfit as the day before.
Mycroft made his way to the door and I followed. I turned at the entrance and watched Sherlock. He placed the discarded lid on top of the coffin. Sealing whatever was left of love in the box. He paused, staring at the coffins and the words engraved on the top. His face contorted and he smashed the box with his arm. I sucked in a breath and watched him, letting my own pain and anger flow to him. He yelled and continued to smash the box. I watched him, remembering all the times I’d lashed out in anger after the war and after Sherlock was gone. It was like the rope you’d been tethered to had been severed but you weren’t willing to let go or give up. The gun laid disregarded on the floor, surrounded by the remains of the coffin. After a moment, I walked over and picked it up. I made my way over to Sherlock, who was sitting on the floor breathing heavily. I reached a hand out to help him up.
“No. I’ll tell you if I ever find anything.” I said. I walked back up the stairs. The moment the door swung open, Sherlock plucked the envelope from my fingers. “Hey.” I said, following him back into the living area. Sherlock took the bag and dumped it out on top of the desk. The recorder thumped against my laptop. I sighed. “You could have at least come and helped me with Anderson.” I said.
“Landon must be connected to her disappearance. Watson, go back to the station and speak to him. Ask him from anything he knows about Miss Jenny. Also, ask Mr. Brady about his mother.” He said. I stood and walked over to the door. I tucked my blue blouse into my pants and slipped my flats back onto my feet. I threw my jacket on.
“That happened right after our five year anniversary. She kept complaining and broke it off. I only signed the papers ‘cause she paid me to. I came over to the house every once and a while to make sure she was okay.” He paused and gathered his thoughts. “Anyways. I heard, that all that inheritance. All that untapped potential, went to a Doctor. A nobody. So, I thought, hey, a little bit of persuasion and the inheritance can go to it’s rightful proprietor.”
“Panic attacks, PTSD, hallucinations.” Mycroft listed. “Grief and stress induced hallucinations.” I leaned back in my chair, it was worse. Worse than I thought. I thought, well I guess I thought she would let go. It was clear she had let go, but how long did it take her?
“Fine. Not long after you ‘died’, she took up old drinking habits. A small pub a couple of blocks down from the flat was good enough, seeing as you’ve never been to it. After that, it didn’t take long for her to decide she didn’t want to stay in the flat.” He flipped on the screen of the television and a fuzzy image of Jane appeared. She stumbled into the flat and looked around like she was lost. She disappeared off camera and a small crash came from the kitchen. She came back moments later, face blank, and started throwing things into boxes. I watched as she hauled items out of the living room, only pausing to pick up my violin and put it in the case. The camera went dark. “The important thing was what happened after that. She found your stash.” He said. I balked for a moment. My stash? How on earth had she managed to find it?
I woke laying on a table, the walls of a familiar cell surrounding me. I immediately registered that Jane wasn’t with me. Or Mycroft. I looked at the walls of the cell, pictures of me as a child pasted to the walls. The girl on the plane crackled over the speaked.
The ladder was dropped down into the well, and the man with dark hair immediately slid down into it. A woman who was physically struggling to stay afloat yelled to him.
“If he was here, I’d tell him the same thing. I’m done, I let go. It’s time everyone else did too. The world doesn’t need another Sherlock.” I said, turned my back and getting into a cab. Later that night I texted Lestrade.
“Did you now?” Sherlock asked him. Giving him one more once over before moving onto Landon Ewan. “And you?”
“It’s the other cases that make it a six. A week after Danna Turner died, Kennedy Blanken died, age 27.” He said, handing me the case for Kennedy Blanken. I handed the other file to Jane. “A week after that, Coleen Harp died, age 36.” He said, handing me over, yet another file.
“Come in! Come in!” She called, waving us over to the sofa. I sat in the sofa across from her and immediately sank into the pillows and had to struggle to sit up. Sherlock took a chair, and began to deduce her. He didn’t speak, but I could tell he was putting together the puzzle with his eyes. Lestrade stayed standing by the door. I waited for Sherlock to start and when he didn’t I had to pick up for him.
“Jane! We have to go!!” I heard him yell. I jumped out of bed and pulled on a flannel over a white shirt. I grabbed the same dark jeans as before and ran down the stairs,slipping on my flats and grabbing just my overcoat. Sherlock was standing by the door wearing the same outfit he had the other day. I doubted he’d changed due the fact that his shirt was wrinkled as if he slept in it. Though I doubted he slept either. He held the door open and I exited before him. The streets were strangely empty and void of taxis. I whistled, hoping maybe there was a taxi somewhere close. No car pulled up and Sherlock began to walk to the corner. I followed him and the sun began to peak on the horizon. We passed shops that were either getting ready to open or were still dark inside. I didn’t even bother asking where we were going. Eventually we made it to one of the more popular sites in London and hailed a taxi. Sherlock gave them the address for Kennedy Morgensterns house. When we pulled up all the lights were on. The streets were once again lined with reporters and police officers. I got of the taxi and dodged a cameraman. The reporters all seemed to turn from where they had been glued in front of the house to stare at me. They only moved when they saw Sherlock.
“Let’s try once more.” Eurus said. Sherlock brought the phone up to his ear, “Oh, and you can’t mention anything about the situation she’s in or it’s an automatic failure.” The phone rang, and Molly turned to the phone again. Her face looked pained but she picked it up. Her eyes looked shaded as if she hadn’t slept well.
“I’ll sit this one out.” She said, suddenly looking very tired. Not waiting, I ran out the door and hailed a cab.
“I couldn’t tell you if there was.” I laughed though I was being serious. No one knew about the cases except Lestrade, Sherlock, and anyone else that was directly involved.
“We got a call when the lady who cleans the apartment found a body inside. Neighbors said they didn’t hear much of anything and that the victim usually kept to herself.” Lestrade reported. I went through the facts that I knew in my head. Lestrade pulled up the police tape, holding it up for me and Sherlock to duck under. We made our way into the apartment. It was up on the second floor, the windows were still bolted shut and there was a bold scuff mark on the door. The woman was laying on a decorative rug in the middle of the lounge. Her blood was dried around her and her neck had been lacerated. A knife was lying not far away, blood coating up to the handle. Sherlock bent over the body, examining the clothes and hair.
“We were married for five years,” He began “Then, she kept creeping around. Didn’t want to leave the room.” He paused for a second. “She didn’t do anything. I went to work. I made money even though with her cash I shouldn’t have had to. What a pig. The ideal example of slothful.” He spat. Sherlock looked him over.
“Oops.” He muttered. I turned back around and went back into the kitchen, setting the cup in the sink. A mound of dishes were beginning to pile up in the sink. He wasn’t sorry and for someone as observant as he was, he seemed to miss the small, insignificant things. Like the earth rotating around the sun. I laughed to myself, picking up the kettle. The water was already cold and I poured it down the drain, putting the tea bags away. There wouldn’t be any more tea this morning I thought, disappointed. I passed Sherlock as he examined the fingernails, mumbling something about how long it takes them to blacken.  I walked up the stairs to my room. My cane still sat to my bed, though each day I found it easier to get up and move without it. I guess it was a psychological injury. At least somewhat. I hadn’t had a panic attack in a while. Where I thought I would be nervous looking at a dead body, I found a strange confidence and strength. It was both scary and enlightening, it has been a while since I felt that I was useful.
“Mother also took medication, though not antidepressants. Got it from the son, who got a discount for the medication. Being disoriented and experiencing violent mood changes, he changes the medication. Eventually leading to the Mothers death. It was over such a large period of time it’s classified as natural causes.” He said. I picked up my phone and texted Lestrade.
“Yeah. Found evidence of violence at the girls home and revealed a whole history of child abuse on the husband. I called the police.” She told me.
“I’ve got to go to work!!” I yelled to Sherlock “I have an emergency surgery, won’t be back ‘till tonight!!” I grabbed my bag off the floor and ran out the door, not bothering to lock it. I hoped Sherlock heard me as I ran to the bus stop, hoping to catch it before it left. As I made it close to the station, the bus doors began to slide close. “Hold the door!!” The door hesitated and I slipped in before the bus went speeding off. Marissa Carter was standing there, her hand hovering over the hold button for the door. I slid down into the seat next to her, “Thank you.” I said breathly.
“Oh.” I said, holding the heavy gun in my hands. “I’ve seen one before, Buffalo gun. Heavy drawback.” I handed the gun back to Sherlock, feeling a weird sense of accomplishment that I was being of better use than Mycroft.
“Oh.” He muttered. What kind of boyfriend wouldn’t be a part of the investigation of their lovers disappearance? He wasn’t even listed under the prime suspect list or even mentioned in the articles about Jenny Harrow. I frowned, and my phone began to buzz in my pocket. I picked it up.
The sun blared and flashed in my eyes through the open window. I took my medication and a supplement that was supposed to help. Lestrade had dealt with the drugs. I picked up the last of my things and put them in a box at the foot of my bed. I took the box out and called a taxi. I left a note for Ms. Hudson that I wouldn’t be coming back to 221B Baker Street. The taxi pulled up at a new flat, more modern. Clean. When I stepped inside I looked around the small one bedroom apartment. It had a small table with three chairs and a clean modernized kitchen. The bedroom was small, comprising of a bed and a bedside table. I put my things around the flat, trying to make it feel like home. Instead, it felt like I was staying in a stranger's house. Income came in from renting out my Estate. Though, after, I sold it. For a good amount of cash too. The new flat was the product. That and a new job. I was trying again at civilian life. Once after the war, again after another war. I scanned the small room and sat in one of the chairs.
“Beat it out of him, out think him. I don’t know, just get him to confess.” He said, and hung up the phone. I sighed. Interrogation never was my strong suit. I decided to sit down. The chair scraped on the floor, drawing his attention back to me.
“This wasn’t the knife the murderer used.” I said. Sherlock and Lestrade both turned to me before Sherlock moved forward to examine it.
Later that day we pulled over a taxi and gave him the address for a cafe a few miles from our flat. He was insistent that we didn’t meet at his home, or really anywhere near it.  He chose an obscure cafe on the other side, though for what purpose, we weren’t sure besides the fact it let us know that something was definitely off. When we pulled up to the cafe, I handed some coins to the driver and headed inside. Though the weather outside was cold, the building did little to heat us up. I decided against ordering anything, the bar section of the cafe was covered with grime. A man stood up and greeted us from a nearby booth,
“You know Dawson?” I asked. Jane shrugged, she looked better. The rings around her eyes were beginning to fade.
“They all are guilty and each story has a bit of truth, none of them committed this murder.” He said. Sherlock swept out of the apartment and out into the street to hail a taxi. I turned to Lestrade.
“I was waiting for him to pull out his gun so I’d have an excuse to break his wrist.” I said. Sherlock smirked and looked at me.
“You brought her as your plus one? Oh, come on Sher, you can do so much better than that!” She said, grabbing Sherlocks arm. She pouted her lips and begged him. “Come on…” She said, biting her lip. Sherlock was impassive.
“It could be worse.” I muttered under my breath, Sherlock turned his head back towards me and I realized that he’d heard me. Sherlock turned the gun towards Mycroft.
“You must be Ms. Watson!” He exclaimed. He was a lanky man with dark hair that was extremely greasy. Sherlock wrinkled his nose for a second before resuming the air of indifference. He gestured to the booth and we sat down. He folded his hands which were shaky. His eyes were slightly off-kilter and I could tell that Sherlock had come to the same conclusion minutes before. Alcoholic.
“Male shirt, the mantle has pictures of her with a man that’s not her husband or a sibling.” I said. Looking over at some of the things thrown around the apartment.
I procrastinated getting out of bed and was sure I’d only slept a couple hours. I slumped down the stairs and began to make tea before I acknowledged Sherlock. He was sitting in his chair and had been watching me ever since I’d come down the stairs. Without looking at him, I said,
Saturday and Sunday rolled by without a hitch, helping Sherlock with cases when I didn’t have to run to work. I’d missed a shift due to a case and boss was not happy. I was almost scared of having to choose between Sherlock and a career. I loved cases, there was nothing better than being with Sherlock on an adventure. But, we also need money. Mycroft wasn’t wrong when he said that I missed the war. The familiarity of everything, the having a real purpose, knowing what was happening and finding control. Real life afterwards had proved to be dull, plus the injury made me feel like the goldfish Sherlock thinks everyone is. Late Sunday afternoon the doorbell rang. I stood from my chair and walked to the door. A man in a crisp black suit was standing at the door. He looked down at a card in his hand and back at me.
“Sherlock! You lady friend sent the invitation.” I called. I pulled the letter open and unfolded the paper. It was also outlined in gold and was written in the same elegant cursive as the envelope. Sherlock appeared and pulled the letter from my hand, a drop of blood landed on the paper.
It was late at night when I heard a light clatter. Soon the air began to blow in the room as if the air conditioning turned on. I looked at my watch and waited. Jane tossed in the chair and the blanket fell to the ground. I heard the door to the flat open, and light footsteps approach the next door. I heard the notorious stair creak and all noise stopped except for Jane’s heavy breathing. The door jiggled and instruments jiggled. I stood and crossed to the door, yanking it open. A man was standing on the front mat. He was wearing a black shirt that fit tightly over his chest. He was lean and well built. His nails were caked with drywall and paint and his dark hair was shaggy and loose. I reached over and flipped on the light on the stairs. His eyes were wide and he bolted back to the door. He slipped on the rug and thudded onto the ground. He struggled to get up and I stood next to him, waiting for him to try get up.
“Making tea.” Mycroft answered, oddly calm. The phone rang all the way out and Sherlock pulled the phone away from his ear, looking at it as if it was the reason that she didn’t answer.
“Are you asking me to make myself useful?” He asked. “Because I will not be manipulated this way.” Sherlock turned to me and handed my the rifle. It was heavy and I bounced it a little, gauging weight.
It was about an hour before the party, though I was already getting ready. I showered and blow dried my hair. I pulled out an old curling iron and proceeded to try to curl it. The result was horrible. The hair was uneven and the curls looked more like rags and the glamorous curls everyone else wore. I brushed my hair again and gave up. I braided my hair into a crown and left it there, small strands on the back on my neck and ear pulling out. It looked good enough and was simple enough that in the army it wasn’t uncommon for formal occasions. I slipped off the robe I was wearing and stepped into the dress. The dress was a dark blue and had a sheer layer over it. The sheer layer was decorated with flowers and made the dress look less plain. The sleeves went halfway down my arms and the skirt ended at my knee. I turned and zipped up the back when I noticed you could see part of my scar on my shoulder. The skin was gnarled and ugly. I rubbed my hand over it but didn’t bother to try to hide it much. I pulled out a pair of blue heels that went with the dress. I looked at myself in the mirror and felt like I was looking at another person. I usually hid some of my curves, but this dress did not. I looked a little bit more like I belonged in the world of parties. If all else fails, my shoes made great weapons. I made my way down the stairs without falling and my shoes made loud clicking noises on the wood.
“Closer to the lab so she doesn’t have to commute to work. I asked if you wanted to come, when you didn’t answer, I left.” She said. I clicked my case shut. Jane was pulling out plates and took something large out of the sack. I moved into the kitchen and looked into the bag. There were spices and Jane was holding a chicken.
“She was definitely dead and it looked like overdose.” I said. “Her eyes were small and slightly yellowed. They put her on top of the dining table and there was food all over the floor. She’d been dead all night.” Sherlock thought, sinking into himself.
“Didn’t you just go shopping three days ago?” He asked. I glanced up. He was watching us again. Typical.
“I didn’t do anything.” I told him. He rolled his eyes and gestured to the front door. Inside there were a few police officers searching through drawers. I spotted a couple people flipping through files on the floor. Employment records, maintenance, everything. We walked to the elevator and stepped in, hitting the button to the third floor.
“Sherlock!” I yelled, spitting out water. No response. I remembered then all the names Jim Wilson, David Murray, Jaydon Bennet, Harrison Jacks, Kelly Thompson, Marcus Thompson, Haven Thompson, Davis Mayson, Jason Dupt. The list went on and I could see in fresh ink, Sherlock Holmes. Then Governor David Haps and his wife. I struggled one more time, the water pulling at my chin as I fought to keep above the water but I kept being dragged down. A bright light flashed, and then began to dim.
“Jason!” I yelled. He dropped to the ground. Dead. His body faded away as if he’d never lived in the first place, his face replaced by another. Names and dates flooded my head. Jason Dupt. November 14th, 2005. Deceased. I melted into a pool of tears, I couldn’t save him. I couldn’t save him. I wasn’t fast enough.  I wasn’t strong enough. I wasn’t smart enough.
Sherlock indeed had a person in the flat and I couldn’t help how ironic it was that when they showed up I was always grocery shopping. I threw the contents of the basket into the freezer and went into the living room. The man twisted uncomfortably in the client chair.
“Phycology. Jespers Theory for Synchronous Diaphragmatic Flutter.” I read off. Jane shrugged her shoulders.
Her hands were buried in her pocket and she took in the room. She walked over to where I was still inspecting the body.
“It’s ok. How about I take you back home and we can talk to your parents. Where do you live?” She asked. The little girl named the address and Jane gestured for her to grab her coat. As the girl went to grab it, I stood. How did she do that? Get people to calm down and suggest something they’ll always say yes to. The girl didn’t even hesitate to give her her address. Jane turned to me and sensed the question in my mind. “I’ve dealt with a lot of shock victims.” She said. She grabbed her own coat and grabbed the girls hand and headed out the door. I sat down and thought over how I thought it was going to go down. The parents could be mad, they could listen. They’d have to listen to Jane. She wasn’t one to listen to anyone. I smirked for a quick second before moving on. Nothing to do. Nothing to do. I walked the flat and played a bit of violin before becoming bored again. Finally, I picked up the case Mycroft had brought me.
“You’ve got to be kidding me.” I muttered as the reporters rushed forward and started asking us questions. I had no idea what was going on and eventually I caught a reporter's question.
“Fall into disarray no doubt.” He answered. He tapped the picture of Oscar Brady. “Mother died to natural causes two months ago. Was a pharmacist. Claims Martha took antidepressants but takes them himself. Antidepressants can cause agitation and extreme mood changes.”
“Jamie James Chapman.” He said. “Goes by Jimmy, 29 years old. Works as a assistant at Chapman Law Firm. It’s owned by his brother, Taurus Chapman.” Jimmy smiled as his name and occupation were listed. His eyes flicking over Sherlock and I, eventually resting on me. The second man didn’t look up when he was called. “Oscar Brady. 38 years old. Worked as a physician at Asda. Recently fired for tampering with someone's medication.” Lestrade moved to the last man, who had been staring at the door ever since it opened. “Landon Ewan. 20 years old. Works as a personal fitness trainer. He’s the boyfriend.” Lestrade closed the files, looking each man over. Sherlock stepped forward, his hands clasped behind his back.
“I’m your boss, and I’m taking these files.” Lestrade said, knowing that he wasn’t referring to himself. Suddenly a voice spoke up from behind me.
I stopped in front of one of the newer, more modern flats. The walls were painted white, contrasting the dusky colored buildings surrounding it. I clicked the button to ring the bell for Janes flat and backed up a step. I looked up the building, trying to guess which flat might be hers, deducing the people that left things out on the balconies of the flats. Finally the door buzzed and unlocked. I walked up one flights of stairs and moved all the way down hall to her room. I knocked on the door and I heard rummaging inside before I heard her call,
I dropped onto the couch and set my phone down on one of the cushions. The date was fun, I guess as fun as it gets. I was wearing a black dress that stopped just above my knees. It was fairly loose but well fitting, with long lace sleeves cutting off at the elbow. I liked him, at least I was pretty sure that I did. He was kind, gentlemanly, and a good listener. It was a gloriously cool friday night, and though the lights of the city were bright, you could still see the stars. My phone dinged and I saw a number that I hadn’t seen in a while. Lestrade. I wasn’t sure if I was excited or disappointed.
“Did you? Look at Molly. You’ve destroyed her.” She said. Molly was still hunched over the counter, her shoulders shaking and her tea left to burn. “As always, feelings let you down.” A door opened on the side. “When you’re ready.”
“Yep.” I said. I looked at the bills and did some math in my head. “We’re going to be a little tight this month.”
“The great Sherlock Holmes…” I muttered. It was funny how people get overlooked though I was kind of used to it. Another face in the crowd, another goldfish.
“I’ll send someone over tomorrow to pick you up.” He said and the line clicked closed. I walked into my bedroom to find the whole room swept clean. A small key was hanging on the door knob and I when I unlocked the doors I found my things unceremoniously thrown into the closet. I sat on the bed and thought about all the things that could have potentially happened in the years I was gone.
“Yes it does.” Sherlock said, looking me dead in the eye. I tore my gaze away and tucked them under my arm, heading up to my room to try them on. “I recommend the second one.” Sherlock said as I made my way upstairs. How he knew what they looked like was beyond me, though it wasn’t surprising. I unwrapped the dresses and tried on each, deciding that I indeed did like the second better. I hung them up in my closet, careful to smooth out potential wrinkles. I made my way down stairs.
“Are you okay?” Halle asked. I turned and realized that she wasn’t talking to me. Jane stood were she had a minutes ago. Her face was ghost white and she was trembling. Her breath started to hitch. Halle approached her and Jane stumbled backwards. Halle glanced at me and Jane began to breath heavily. Her eyes were wide and her pupils were small in a large expanse of grey. She looked scared. More scared than I’d seen anyone, more afraid than serial killers knowing they were caught. She slumped forward and Halle moved forward and let her lean on her. She lowered her to the ground and checked her pulse.
“Jane Watson.” I responded, shaking her hand. She smiled and turned forward, riding to the next stop before getting off. She paused before the door and turned and waved to me. I smiled and waved back, watching her disappear into the crowds of London. I rode the bus just a little further before I got off for work.
“I have a notebook.” I told him, gulping down my rising panic. “I put all the names of the lives I’ve taken in it. To remember.” Mycroft went quiet and didn’t speak until we entered the next room.
“Don’t ask me to say that.” She said, a slight tremble passing through her arm. Only a idiot couldn’t see how much Molly loved Sherlock. All the things that she’d done for him, all the things she’d sacrificed.
“We’ve got it from here.” He said, nodding. I headed back to the elevator with Jane at my heels. A case that might have taken me much longer took Jane only a few seconds. Sometimes inferior thinking made things simple. Jane hesitated for a second,
“Little Molly Hooper. There are explosives rigged to explode in just two minutes, but it won’t if you can get dear Molly to say those words.” She told us. Sherlock pulled out his phone and called Molly. I watched as the phone on the counter buzzed. Molly glanced over at her phone, noticing as the name ‘Sherlock’ appeared on her screen. She didn’t touch it. I silently begged her to pick up her phone.
“The family is being overly protective. They want an open casket funeral and think we’re doing to tamper of deface the body.” He said, rubbing his hand over his face.
“Yes, under a rose bush in the neighbors garden. Obviously an ametuer. He left fingerprints on it.” He joked, laughing to himself.
“Sherlock Holmes? I thought you only did petty murders and tea-time mysteries?” A older woman said. Sherlock laughed. It was his people pleasure laugh. He smiled and the attitude in the room seemed to soften.
“Or, you could just look at the lid.” He said, facing the plaque towards us. Engraven in copper were the words “I Love You”. I gulped down some of the panic that rose through my throat again and looked over at Sherlock. First thinking of me, then to a friend that deserved so much better.
