It really wasn’t that funny, but he started laughing, nevertheless. “Yeah, well, half of this mess is yours…”
Dean knew he could count on Sam to ask the right questions. Why did he use those words? He thought Novak was a handsome and attractive fella. He would be lying if he said he never fantasized about him while masturbating (or about Victor or Benny). Novak was a decent guy. He played fair, never bullied others and always came when he was called. So why was he so bothered by it?
Dean was right. Of course, he was right. What happened before was evident that whatever he was doing all those years wasn’t working. Reluctantly, he told Dean about the ache in his soul. He told him about the struggle to be happy, and the feelings of despair and anger that have nothing to do with anything. He also described the feeling of shame he feels every time the ache comes back, because he shouldn’t feel that way when he has good friends and good grades and a roof over his head.
Castiel was sitting in one of the quiet stairwells in the school in his free period, reading a book. Most students who lived nearby would have gone home for their free period. Castiel knew he could go home for this hour, eat something, and get back to his next period on time, but he didn’t want to.
When the song ended, and Nirvana’s ‘Smell like teen spirit’ started, Castiel noticed Balthazar was not with them. He figured he must have gone to buy himself a drink, or went to the bathroom, so he kept on dancing. The song ended, followed by two others, and Balthazar was still not with them. Castiel grabbed Meg’s arm to get her attention. When she looked at him, he shouted to her ear:
“Tell me if I got it straight,” He was starting to get a headache, and they didn’t even start, “You want both Benny and Dean?”
He heard himself say it out loud and it broke something in him he didn’t know was there. He didn’t really want to die. He wanted the pain to stop, yes, but not to die.
“Unfortunately, no. It’s a sterile place, so the only ones who get inside are the person getting the piercing and myself. They’ll be here when we’re done.”
“I’m going to get my tongue pierced today.” Castiel turned towards Balthazar, purposefully turning his back to Dean.
Castiel thought it was very nice and considerate of Ash’s parents to do such a thing to their son’s girlfriend. It showed how much they cared about them. He was pretty sure his parents wouldn’t do such a thing for him or his boyfriend, if he had one. As it was, his parents only bought cookies and other desserts with chocolate in them, even though they knew chocolate gave him headaches.
Cautiously, and with a tiny glimmer of renewed hope, he approached the book, which under closer inspection turned out to be a leather-bound notebook. Hesitatingly, he opened its cover and gasped. Mary Winchester was smiling at him from a photograph tucked into the cover. Dean was here. With trembling hands, Castiel turned to the first page and started reading.
It was Sunday, a month into their last semester of high school. He and Dean were sitting in Dean’s room, watching some YouTube videos about a guy shooting weird things in his ranch with pistols and rifles. The ache in his soul was bearable throughout the day, and the guy in the videos was funny, so Castiel didn’t see the storm coming.
Now Dean couldn’t stop the tears from coming. Sam got up from his chair and hugged Dean, who held tight to his younger brother, desperate for a touch that will make him feel human and not just like a piece of meat. Within the safety of Sam's embrace, Dean let himself really cry. He cried for the betrayal he felt from his friends and classmates. He cried for the fact he betrayed himself by letting this happen. He cried for his first time with a man that got stolen from him as someone else's dare. He cried for the ruined friendship that could have been between Castiel and him, now that he felt so much resentment towards him. He cried for the humiliation he was feeling. He cried for himself.
“And to that I said,” Jo interjected, “that if it’s no one else’s business, then it’s none of ours, so we just need to let you know you can come to us about it and let you decide if and when to come out to us.”
Castiel could feel all the tension leave his body as he burst into laughter by that image. Give it to Dean to defuse an awkward situation by mentioning ‘My Little Pony’ out of nowhere.
Castiel listened to his friends, the two most important people in his life, make plans to go with him even when they didn’t like each other. It made the pain in his heart settle a bit. He was important to them as well.
“Am I really that obvious?” He was not going to deny what she said, it was all true - except that was not why he was feeling down tonight.
His Cell phone, right, he put it on his bed before he started reading and didn’t take it (or anything else for that matter) when Dean knocked and invited him over.
"Dude!" Dean laughed while disconnecting the detachable shower head from its perch on the wall and blindly handing it to Castiel so he could wash the shampoo off of his head, "I smelled you after gym class, you definitely stink!"
“I have an idea.” Dean said, now wearing jeans and putting on a T-shirt. “You stay here while I’ll go to your room and get your clothes for you.”
"I’m aware of that.” Castiel glared at her. “I still can’t understand how you read ‘It’ and are okay with clowns or with sleeping. I started watching the mini-series and couldn’t sleep for two days."
He felt bad about that. He felt like an inconsiderate person. He saw kids injured and suffering. He saw his delegation friends, including stoic Victor, cry. He saw Anna being alone and refusing company. He saw Balthazar seeking his friendship and support. He saw all that, but at the end of the day it was Dean that was on his mind.
“Cas, please, I want to help. You even asked me to help. But I can’t do that if you don’t tell me what’s wrong.”
Castiel felt his heart drop to his stomach. Meg wanted Dean? He didn’t see this coming. He saw how much she wanted Benny’s attention, always taunting him, but never Dean’s. Then again, Dean gave his attention to everybody, he was just that kind, so Meg didn’t really need to look for it.
Dean inspected him with a strained look, but his voice was gentle and caring when he spoke. “Tell me if you don’t like something, anything I’m doing. If you want me to stop the teasing and the commending tell me now and I’ll stop. We’ll do whatever you like.”
Dean also started to tease him, a thing he hardly did before. Every time they had their silly banters, instead of telling Castiel to “shut up!” he started using” blow me!” If he thought he was losing an argument, instead of saying ‘just kick me when I’m down, why won’t you?’ he started telling Castiel things like ‘why don’t you just fuck me and get it over with?’
With tears in his eyes, Castiel kept on reading. The next few pages were full of descriptions of Dean's days and how he was worried about Castiel being gone; prayers for him to return. There were very detailed accounts of Dean's failed attempts at finding him. After a while the descriptions got shorter and shorter, until only big events were mentioned. But always, no matter what he wrote, he ended with the same sentence.
As those images ran through his mind, he could feel himself drifting through the air, the wind caressing his non-existing skin. It felt good, pure, like a memory Castiel wasn’t sure was his. It felt soft, promising, like a kiss. Like the first kiss he never had.
“That's cool! Did it hurt? Did you go alone?” He felt a pang of disappointment that he was not invited.
“I didn’t know how. About a year ago I drew a big male figure with charcoal on an A3 paper and wrote the word “Help!” above it in big black letters. I put the drawing on the floor of my room, right in front of the door, which I left open. My parents saw this and asked me to close the door, because the drawing was unpleasant for them to see.”
"Shower." Dean didn’t even blink when answering, and then added: "You said you would help me." With that he spun around and started walking towards his own room.
Dean took Castiel's dirty clothes from the bathroom floor, opened the room’s door, winked, got out, and closed the door behind him.
Castiel knew he had a long way to go with all the hatred and anger he felt towards himself and the world. He already had the numbers of a few psychologists his psychiatrist recommended. This was just the beginning, but what a wonderful and reassuring beginning it was. He knew he was lucky the first antidepressant he tried worked, so now he could work on his other issues without the struggle against the desire to disappear.
That started a conversation between Dean and Balthazar, all about the tricks they can do and the skaters they liked. Castiel, already knowing all of that from the time he spent with Dean and Balthazar over the past few years, drifted off in his mind to the place where there is nothing but flighting thoughts that never stuck long enough to leave an impression.
As it turned out, figuring out his relationship with Dean wasn’t bad at all. It was easy to fall into a different but also kind of familiar routine. They acted like they always did when they were with everybody else, their dynamic as smooth as ever. It was like nothing had changed around them. He did notice, however, that he wasn’t crushing on Balthazar anymore. They still hung out at recess sometimes, and Castiel went to his house to play video games together, but he no longer wanted to jump him.
Castiel found himself thinking about two things when they reached the party. One, Dean was bi. That was a revelation—a good one. Two, Dean saw him as one of the guys. That was also a revelation, but for some reason, it made him feel a little disappointed. It put Castiel in a bit of a bad mood. He said hello to Ash and Jo, who arrived at Charlie’s door at the same time they did. If any of them noticed his mood was off, they didn’t say anything.
"They’re really cool! And the drummer is so awesome! He's really good and he has long hair and big tattoos. I think you'd really like him. He's kind of your type."
Both still dripping wet, Dean pushed Castiel on the bed and crawled on top of him. Instinctively, Castiel opened his legs to give Dean room between them. Their bodies were touching from chest to groin. Dean’s taut stomach rested on Castiel’s soft belly, their hard cocks brushing against each other.
Castiel kept watching Dean work. His hands sure, his skin glistering in the running water of the shower. He dared to look down over Dean’s body. He envied the water that ran over his skin, feeling him, caressing him. He wanted to do it as well, but he wasn’t sure if this is where it was going. Maybe it was just a shower to Dean, and nothing more.
Castiel only lived a few blocks from school, and for once, he found himself wishing the walk was a little longer so he could spend some more time talking to Dean.
Meg shrugged and got back to her phone, leaving Castiel to look around some more. There were more students from their year sitting in different rows. As more came, it looked like they were gathering around their friends and creating the usual cliques.
He could feel the eyes of all his friends on him, but he only cared for Dean’s. Those green eyes were filled with nervousness and hope. Dean moved his weight from one leg to the other and rubbed the back of his head with his right hand but didn’t divert his eyes from Castiel’s.
On their way to school the next day, Castiel was surprised how much the two had to talk about. Their conversation flowed easily. He found Dean to be passionate about the things he loved—going on long rants about music, his dad’s car (“Baby,” he’d affectionately called her), and how different this school was than his last. Things were just
With an amused huff he did as he was told, tilting his head backwards to give Castiel a better reach for his hair. Castiel put some shampoo on his hands and started working his fingers through Dean’s soft wet hair. It was a strange feeling, washing someone else's hair. Not knowing if your touch is too firm or not firm enough.
“Ok, good, yes. Well, we better get going, my family is waiting for us.” With that Dean took Castiel’s hand, interlaced their fingers, and together they started walking towards Dean’s family.
"Really?” Dean scoffed. “I think it’s so cool! I mean, I dig your whole outfit, with all the black and the necklaces, but the nail polish is just something else. As you can see, I’m also into black,” he gestured down to his own attire. “Maybe I’ll try putting some of my mom’s nail polish on sometimes. Or you could let me use one of yours." Dean looked at Castiel imploringly.
That sounded like a good plan, except, “How are you going to get in my room? I didn’t take my keycard with me.”
Saying to himself that it’s not a big deal, and for it to actually not be a big deal, are totally different things. He got in the bathroom, saw Dean silhouette through the closed shower curtain, and froze. Dean was with his back towards Castiel and was scrubbing one of his hands with the other.
To that Castiel answered "Give me a time and a place and I’ll be there", like he got used to answering.
"Dean, is your ringtone really ‘Master of Puppets’ by Metallica?" Castiel could hardly hold his laughter at bay.
The door opened and Ash and Victor came in. He waved at them and nudged Meg with his elbow to make her pay attention.
"Yes. Why wouldn't I be? It's not like I don't swing both ways. And even if I didn't, I consider you one of the guys, I don't care about that,” Dean answered nonchalantly.
He hadn’t even noticed Balthazar wasn’t there. He was far too preoccupied with thoughts of Dean. But Dean wasn’t Balthazar.
And it looked like Dean really meant it. He didn’t look or act like he was sad, he actually looked relieved and carefree. He also refused to talk about anything related to Lisa or their breakup, so after the third time Dean brushed his inquiries off, Castiel accepted it and stopped asking about it.
“I know,” Dean said nonchalantly as the two made their way out of the school and headed toward home. “We have English Lit together. I, uh, noticed your shirt. Are they your favorite band?”
Nevertheless, he couldn’t stop the sense of betrayal and dread from creeping through his mind. He wasn’t ready to be out to Dean yet. He wanted to tell him in his own terms, if ever. He wanted to make sure he was ready with the right arguments in case he had to defend himself or their friendship. He didn’t think Dean would hit him or stop being his friend, but he wanted to make it clear that him being gay doesn’t mean a threat to Dean. Meanwhile, Dean continued.
Dean’s smile grew bigger. “I’m going to kiss you now if that’s okay, and then we’ll get to the party and go with the flow.”
“Shut up! I was just teasing him about chickening out. You knew I believed you all along and was just teasing, right Cas?”
To his relief, Castiel was paired with Garth, and not with one of the many horrible guys he had in his homeroom class. Dean was paired with Ash, because of course he will be paired with one of his best friends. Balthazar was paired with Victor, Meg with a girl named Ruby, Jo with a girl named Madison, and Charlie with a girl named Gilda. The boys were all on the same floor, and the girls were a floor above them.
Castiel looked at the big needle and the long barbell and felt dread wash over him. “Why is the barbell so long?”
“I didn’t tell my parents I won’t be home for the night, and they’ll kill me if they wake up in the morning and I’m not there. Also, I don’t have anything to sleep in and I hate sleeping in jeans. And I don’t have a toothbrush.”
Castiel thought that now that Dean is back and single, the pain in his heart with ease, but it didn’t. Every day he woke up feeling hollow and sad. Breathing was difficult. He had a hard time concentrating at school and didn’t have energy at recesses. He needed something to make the pain go away, even for a little while, but he didn’t know what.
“We have a very serious personal question to ask you,” Jo sounded like she was talking to a scared child. “And you don’t have to answer if you don’t want to.”
Dean and Lisa, the girl from the club, dated for almost two months. All that time Castiel tried to be happy for Dean. Lisa was nice, from what he could tell from Dean’s stories. She attended a different high school but lived close enough for Dean to see her every other day.
“Can you hear this?” Castiel asked instead of answering the question. He didn’t know if Dean could detect the excitement in his voice.
"’Jane Eyre.’ It took me six months to get through the first 100 pages, but after that, it’s been a week and I'm almost finished. I can’t seem to stop reading.” Castiel smiled as he remembered the events of the last chapter he read. “So much worth the slow beginning."
They ate and talked and laughed. When the food was gone and the other guests had left, they moved inside to the living room and watched a movie. After the movie ended, they switched to the T.V. and watched a gameshow. They shouted the answers they knew and laughed at the contenders’ mistakes. Only after Meg started to yawn and said she was going to call her parents to come and get her did Castiel see the time and realized he was fucked. It was nearly midnight and he was beat.
While Castiel was assessing the room, Dean walked straight to the shower, not closing the door behind him. Castiel wasn’t sure what to do with himself. He heard Dean moving around. Heard sounds of fabrics and metals being tossed to the ground. Heard the sound of a shower curtain being pushed aside, and the sound of the running water being disturbed by Dean going under the spry.
Sam couldn’t stop the huff of laughter caused by that comment. Dean’s reputation as a heartbreaking conqueror was not for nothing. He immediately felt guilty for laughing at Dean when he was in a crisis, but one look at Dean reassured him that he also saw the humor in that sentence.
"Because I want you to have my number. Text me before you leave for school tomorrow and I’ll meet you here,” Dean replied while typing something in his phone before” Obey Your Master” played from Dean’s back pocket.
They all laughed at her unexpected command and Victor and Ash set next to her on the side that was not occupied by Castiel.
But it wasn't the fact that he was one of the guys that made him feel bad, it was the fact that Dean saw him that way. Dean was bi, had suspected and then confirmed Castiel was gay, and still saw him as one of the guys. Did Castiel see Dean as something other than a good friend? He knew he loved Dean, but he never consciously considered Dean in a sexual context.
All through the first part, Dean and Castiel whispered comments to each other about what was spoken, or about the speaker themselves. The whispers were followed by bursts of muffled giggles from either one or both of them. When they announced the intermission and called for all students to get behind the stage, Dean shot up from his seat and pulled Castiel up, holding his hand. On their way over backstage, Dean didn’t let go of Castiel’s hand.
He closed his eyes, the summer breeze blew on his face, and for the first time in what felt like forever, he felt joy. Joy from a simple thing as the wind. Joy without the negging noise of ache and despair. Pure Joy.
After a few minutes of gently lathering shampoo through Dean’s hair, Castiel accidentally tugged on it. He said a quick "Sorry" at the same time that Dean uttered a quiet moan. Not sure if it was a moan of pain or pleasure, Castiel decided to tug Dean’s hair again, just to see what would happen. The filthy sound that followed that tug was definitely one of pleasure, and it shot sparks of arousal through Castiel’s body.
“I’m not feeling bad that you need to make me feel better. I told you that we’ll figure it out and that we’ll not lose each other. It didn’t change.”
His own brothers locked him out of his room again, so he was sitting on the top of the main stairs in a hidden spot, looking over the Winchesters' living room and listening to Dean telling his own version of Peter Pan to Sam. Sam was only four years old, which made Dean eight, and himself seven. He liked listening to Dean stories. He had this way of telling a story that made you feel like you were watching a movie, or like you were there, with the characters.
"Hello, Dean,” Castiel couldn’t help smiling in response to the nickname. “I had Calculus, not the most exciting thing in the world. How was yours?" Castiel eyed the other two guys with Dean curiously, fighting a surge of possessiveness. Castiel didn’t mind that Dean had brought company. He was simply curious, and definitely not jealous. Why would he be jealous? He had just met Dean yesterday and Dean was allowed to have other friends. It wasn’t a big deal. Really. Besides, the nickname Dean had just given him had to mean
“If they did, they never showed it. And as for you, I didn’t want any of you to know, so you couldn’t. I made sure of that.”
“Now. Get ready and call me when you’re next to my house so we can walk together. We’ll get Victor along the way. Jo is already there and Meg is on her way.”
One morning Dean came to meet him so they could go to school together and had a bandage on his right eyebrow and a big smile on his face.
Balthazar looked at the clock on the wall and whistled. “It is getting late. Sorry about that. You should probably go now. I’ll be fine by myself here. Thank you for coming with me.”
Dean moaned something that sounded vaguely like ‘Cas’ and increased the speed of their hand movements.
It was all said with a smile and a wink, and only when they were being goofy. At the beginning of this new development, he didn’t know how to react, but after a while he started answering with” give me a time and a place and I’ll be there”. He never got a response from Dean for that.
Castiel was lost in thought, tense as he lay in bed. Would it be weird sleeping in the same bed with Dean now that Dean knew Castiel was gay? Although, Dean had still invited Castiel to spend the night, so Dean probably didn’t think it was an issue. Dean saw him as one of the guys, so nothing would happen, not that Castiel would mind if something did.
Dean opened the door to his and Ash’s room and waited for Castiel to enter. He heard the door close and then the click of the lock. Ash wasn’t there, but from the looks of it, he was there before and already taking a shower, judging by the pile of dirty clothes near one of the beds, and the wet towel on it.
He thought about piercing his nipple. He liked pierced nipples. But the thought of having a shirt rubbing against a raw pierced nipple made him feel uncomfortable.
“No, not really. I just wanted to ask how you are, and just asking with no reason seemed weird to me. I didn’t mean to offend you, you actually look quite good, considering what we are going through.”
Castiel felt like Dean was drifting away from their group. At recesses he was usually distracted because they texted each other all the time. He didn’t come with them to places on the weekends, saying he wanted to spend the time with Lisa. For some reason, it looked like it didn’t really bother anyone else. Not even Meg. Well, Meg was in the middle of a big fight with Benny. Not the kind of fight where you don’t talk with the other person, but the kind of fight you try to get in the other’s face and shout at them about how they’re wrong and you are right. It took up all of her time.
They spent the half an hour drive to the club listening and singing to the music the Uber driver played for them. He was a nice young dude who liked rock ballads and sang with them the entirety of the ride. When they got to the club, he wished them a good time, and told them to call for him at any time of the night when they wanted to go home.
Dean stopped trying to lift Castiel's head, and instead wrapped both his hands around his curled-up body in a big hug. He started rocking them back and forth. The movements were pleasant, and Castiel felt, more than heard over his sobs, that Dean was also humming some tune. He felt the vibrations from Dean’s chest on his back, where he was draped over him.
“You sonofabitch! You really did it!” Dean hugged him over his shoulder as they walked out of the shop.
“Fuck!” He muttered to himself. He couldn’t believe he’d forgotten he wanted to get back home early to finish cleaning up his room.
"Yes, don’t we all want a knight in shining armor, hm? Though I like mine to be without the armor and preferably covered with oil." Meg winked at him and wiggled her eyebrows suggestively. Castiel's face turned a little red at the thought of oily men, especially of one particular oily man with blue eyes and dark brown hair.
He let the hot feeling of embarrassment fade. It was, in fact, a very funny situation. Giggles bubbled up through his overcrowded mouth, and soon he joined his friends laughing, teary eyes and all.
“I didn't really think about it. My parents didn’t plan anything, which I’m totally okay with. Maybe I’ll go to bed early.”
Without breaking the kiss, Dean blindly closed the water, pulled Castiel away from the wall, and walked them both out of the shower and onto what Castiel could only assume was Dean’s bed.
"No. Don't say that.” Dean started caressing his cheekbones with his thumbs again. “You won't lose me. It's you and me we’re talking about. We'll figure it out, like we always do.” He heard Dean taking another deep breath.
“Yes, Hey. My name is Castiel, and I would like to have my tongue pierced.” He was very proud of himself that his voice didn’t waver.
Castiel took some steady breaths in and out, slowly calming himself down. They’ll figure it out. He’ll figure it out.
Castiel inhaled the good smell of the tea, and then took a small sip. The tea was hot, but not too hot to drink. It was sweet and comforting, and it warmed Castiel inside. They set there in silence for a while, Castiel sipping his tea and nibbling a cookie, and Dean looking at Castiel with worry written all over his face and waiting.
“Ah, is Cas still there?” Garth said from outside the room, “Meg called his cell phone. I didn’t answer, but I thought he’d probably want to have it with him.”
To Meg’s disappointment, Benny didn’t want to come. Because they were 8, and none of them wanted to drive there, they called two Ubers. Ash, Jo, Meg, and himself got in one of the Ubers, while Dean, Victor, Charlie, and Balthazar got in the other. Dean didn’t really like Balthazar, but it seemed that he tolerated him for Castiel’s sake, after they came back from the delegation as friends.
“Maybe because you’re always looking for him at lunch and then smile when you spot him? Or because you stare at him when he’s not looking? Or maybe because you’re always a little sadder on days he’s not at school? I pay attention, you know, and you’re not as subtle as you think you are.” She sounded stern, but there was a twinkle of amusement in her eyes.
Since when were he and Balthazar so intimate? Balthazar had even called him “Cas.” Not that Castiel minded. On the contrary, he always wanted to talk to him more than just saying “hello”.
Castiel kept on flipping through the pages of what he now knew was Dean's private diary. He felt wrong doing so, but if there was a clue in there on where Dean was now, he had to find out.
Dean was smiling. It made Castiel feel better. He looked at what he brought him. Dark jeans, a black ‘Nirvana’ shirt, orang underwear, and black socks.
“Hey Cas, I think we have Math together.” Victor said confidently as he reached to shake Castiel’s hand. Up close, Castiel was impressed by how tall Victor was.
Balthazar’s inquiry made Castiel surface from his mindless gazing and pay attention to their conversation again.
“No way, dude! There’s no way you’re going to pierce your tongue! It’s super painful.” The words were discouraging, but Dean’s tone and smile took the sting out of them.
The first soapy touch of Dean’s hand on his achingly hard dick made Castiel see stars. It was gentle and hesitant, like his dick will break off if he’ll put any pressure on it. It made the end of his nerves shoot a spark of pleasure to the back of his spine. His breath hitched. He closed his eyes and rested his head on Dean’s shoulder again. Dean’s hand gripped his dick a little firmer and started massaging it, like Dean was actually trying to soap it clean rather than jerking him off.
The week ended, and the bus stopped at the school parking lot in the early afternoon. Among the parents that waited for their children, Castiel spotted two other figures in the crowd. Jo and Dean.
Dean’s moan was downright dirty. He pulled back a bit and groaned. “Fuck! I forgot about your piercing.” And dove back in.
He knew he didn’t really explain anything by what he said, but that what came out, that was all he could say.
Instead of answering, Castiel cupped Dean’s cheek with his free hand and pulled him in for the kiss he wanted. The kiss was less passionate than the ones they shared in the shower and bed. It was something else, like they were both seeking answers to unknown questions only that kiss knew.
It did feel good when he finally let himself relax. He tried to both be quiet and to not listen to the comments from people in the room, and it was not easy. He remembered begging for something, but he didn’t know what it was, not then and not now.
“Nothing to apologize for. Try to count your breaths or something, it should help put you to sleep.”
In the weeks that followed, Castiel noticed that the pain in his heart indeed lessened a bit. Not because of the external pain, though the constant treatment of the piercing helped distract him from it, but because of the constant care he received from his friends.
Dean got up from the bed and made a show of walking the three steps to get the towel, giving Castiel time to admire his ass.
To make matters worse, Castiel struggled at home as well. His relationship with his twin, Anna, was strained at best. He had always thought they should be closer, being twins and all, however he found he often struggled with connecting with her. It would have been nice to have her as an ally at school and even at home. However, Anna was on the spectrum and found their tumultuous home life too overwhelming, so she stayed in her room most of the time. At school, she had her own slew of issues to deal with. Their mother always had her hands full with their baby brother, Samandriel, who was a toddler now. Their father always worked late and was rarely home. When he was, their parents fought more than they talked.
Castiel wanted to be a part of it from the day he learned this delegation existed. To his surprise, Anna wanted to be a part of it as well, and to his greater surprise, their parents agreed to both of them participating and even agreed to pay for it.
A knock on the door stopped their make out session. “What?” Dean yelled from too close to Castiel’s ears. Dean probably realized this in the second it took whoever was on the other side of the door to answer, because he winced and said “Sorry...” to Castiel in a softer voice.
As much as Castiel enjoyed being kissed while being pressed against a wall by Dean, the water started to get cold.
“Just remember I never doubted you for a second.” Balthazar was walking backwards in front of them so he could face them.
The weather was nice. A bit warmer for that time of year, but not unbearably so. The walk was quiet, Castiel not able to talk, and Dean and Balthazar not talking to each other if not necessary.
Jo was blonde and beautiful. She was wicked smart - by far the smartest of them all. She loved Physics and Computer Science. Jo dreamt of being a scientist, though she could easily become a model. She was also inexplicably fascinated with knives. She had a knife collection that would put best of chefs or the best of hunters to shame.
He tunes him out, snatching the amulet before it can fall any deeper. Holding it in his grip, he swims faster than he ever has to reach Dean. The other man’s body stopped squirming, the enormous rush of bubbles now a small trickle. His eyes slowly lose the bright signs of life by the time Castiel makes it over to him.
“Calm down, Dean-jerk, it is just vagina,” Sam says, plopping his tray of bacon next to his porn with a clatter.
“Hannah,” Charles glances at his friend, her posture bent and apologetic, “Saw you leaving with your…
“Like I said before, our conversations were mainly about his ambitions and, most times, one-sided,” she tells him, “I’ll admit there are things that I didn’t know about, every teenager keeps secrets from their parents. I know I did, and I’m sure you did with yours.”
Dean bristles at the accusation, the redness deepening on his fair skin. Cheeks looking absolutely sunburnt with embarrassment. “Just stuff it, Cas – in your
Dean didn’t appear too pleased with the orders, but like the soldier he was raised to be, Dean listened regardless. Sam handed Dean his gun and muttered a few quick words of encouragement his brother rebuffed.
It’s no a question he wanted to ask. Because of the two answers, Cas guesses Dean will pick that which will break his heart.
Adam’s hand rests on his shoulder, fingers curling over a spot that doesn’t belong to him. When other people touched it, his skin crawled. Itched like fire ants crawled and bit. It’s the opposite feeling, with Adam’s hand. As if Dean’s soul breached through the shadows and filled him with so much light, he could overpower the sun. But only one other person has ever made him feel like that…
“Yep.” He pops the ‘p’, scratching Cas’s scalp while stubble scrapes freckled skin. “Think maybe I can get a taste of your candy cane, sunshine?”
things…” Sam doesn’t expand upon what they were and Jack doesn’t press – he knew exactly what he meant. “What happened?”
“Not exactly,” he says, “I didn’t have the first clue where he was. Never got the name of his college, and by the time I actually
Pierce shushes him, gaze darting around the room like there were officers posted on every square of linoleum. Cas glares at the hand on his mouth, dialing up the fierceness each second Pierce keeps it there. Three beats later, it’s gone.
Although what it all leads to, Cas cannot begin imagining. He always figured Dean for a clean, copper penny. But from how he acted, there was grime hiding on the underside. Waiting for when the right person picked him up and let it show.
Dean smiles, tapping at his temple with his free hand. Communicating as best he could his final wish. Castiel understands easily.
Mia shrugged in response, drifting towards the fireplace to dump her second cigarette. Sam didn’t mind, busying himself with burping Jack. They existed separately in this space, lost in their own thoughts. Although Sam found himself wanting to reengage with Mia, continuing their conversation so he might better explain their situation. His stomach twisted itself in knots, like he ate bad gas station food, because he felt like she misunderstood him. It was stupid. It was completely unnecessary. It shouldn’t matter what her opinion of them was.
“No, no!” Mia pleaded, stumbling behind her chair, building distance between her and Dean, “You don’t have to do this!”
, but when he started digging into some of the stuff they specialize in, I didn’t see it as the paradise Sammy did. Still... he asked if I wanted to come back and sit in on a session… Thought I'd change my mind if I could
“This little condo in Mer La Vista,” he says, “by the beach. Figured if I’d be here, I might as well get the full experience. Thought it’d be hard sleeping without the non-stop traffic, but ocean waves work just as well.” Victor scoffs, shaking his head. “I’m sorry… is there something wrong?”
Dean waited for the signal from Jack, a small thumbs up, and then he cleared his throat. “Okay, so here’s why scamming is a right for the gays and the gays alone…”
Cas, in the midst of his review, notices the slot on the back isn’t empty. A slide rests inside, waiting. He brings the device close and peers through the appropriate hole.
He hums, frowning. “We don’t really ‘go’ anywhere, Dean,” he says, “When we die we return to the sea that birthed us. Our bodies become the salt and water that flows through all life… and once more we are reunited with everything and nothing.”
“And you’ve had girlfriends,” Dean reminded him, “Hell, you and Jess only broke up about a month ago! Did
Cas chases after her. Finds her spread across a white, leather sectional. Pleated skirt hem teased high up her thigh. “Meg,” he says, “you look…
It’s not like Dean’s opinion on his lifestyle meant much. Hearing those words – choosing him – doesn’t diminish the overall effect.
When Jack began teaming up with Cas, he pushed that job onto Jack as part of his ‘training’. Let him work in the dark room while he relaxed at his desk with some smokes and the radio on. His mastery in bringing negatives to life surpassed even his own when Cas was his age, Jack a natural with the chemicals. He knew the right mixture that highlights the guilt in their target’s eyes.
He squeezes the files tightly, shoving them up his shirt for hiding. Tucked safely under his armpit Cas begins his awkward march.
“Oh, right!” Cas crawls off of the stranger, kicking, and into the sea of manila spread across the sidewalk other pedestrians avoid. They give him and the British Invader a wide berth, knowing if they drifted too far into their orbit it would mean getting involved. “Y’know, usually I’m so careful,” Cas tells him, chuckling, “I’m always focusing on everything because each living thing gives off their own energy and – and it’s so beautiful man, you don’t even know. I do this kind of meditation that helps increase my own personal aura that lets me see what a lot of people don’t. I swear, each time I finish it’s like the colors get brighter and every day is a rainbow!”
“Exactly,” Ted’s severe expression hauntingly adds depth to his recollection. “That’s their goal, in the end. Converting every decent American into an unwashed, unthinking sheep like them. It was like that movie, Invasion of the Body Snatchers. Have you ever seen it?” Cas shakes his head. “Well he looked the same, and sounded the same but… he wasn’t him, not fully. I mean I recognized the salesman voice – the one we teach new hires to aid in closing deals, soft, inviting, buttering me up for the punch, y’know? But there was no way I would buy into what he sold. The more he went on with that foreign mumbo jumbo heresy – ‘society is evil’ and ‘we make terrible choices because of we were taught to be corrupt’.” He scoffs, “All shit he learned on the path to becoming ‘a favored child' of this crazy kook. Bad enough some of our money stuffed their coffers, Dick giving them who knows how much of the money
He silences the impertinent questions simmering underneath, instead letting his cool tongue answer. “No. Didn’t expect a square like you to own a beauty like her, though.”
Crowley held up the joint in question, “This? Are you referring to this?” Cas nodded. He smiled while crushing the grass into his ashtray. “Now, can you please tell me why I had to waste perfectly good drugs?”
As he feared, Kelly shuts down. Her shoulders tense, and Cas sees the picture shake before Kelly places it back where it was. “I don’t see why that should be of any concern, it was just a fight.”
. Every night that I would bring you back. Instant voicemail.” Cas frowns, distracted from past trauma by this new information. Dean never sharing
session.” Nick squirms but stays tightlipped. “Or,” Cas sighs, “we can forget manners and I get rough with you?”
Cas smoothed the lines of his tie-dyed shirt, huffing. “Not about that,” he said, “man taking a forever nap owed me money.”
“Thanks.” Cas retains his composure until he hears the lock flip. Then, he staggers forward. Braces himself on the sink, breathing raggedly. Shuts his eyes, tearing at the memory reel, film becoming spotty and broken. Finally, there’s nothing left spinning on the projector.
. It healed in time for an interview, for a job he still has. Six days a week spent under the hoods of cars, working long hours and earning money to support them both, like before. Giving Sam the very freedoms he’d been denied – time, luxury, and safety.
needed me. Worked a few jobs here and there in every new town we stopped in. Road trips were few and far between in those days, thought we could actually settle down for real. But then, on a morning just like when Sam left…” Dean reaches for Cas, sliding his hand over where Cas’s rests. Shudders deeply while fingers splay over Cas’s skin. “For all the anger and fighting, Sammy and dad were a lot alike. Makes sense they’d both want to ditch me, too.”
They meet in the middle, bodies trembling with nervous energy. Both glance quickly at the others before staring at one another once more.
He’s not far from his apartment. Climbing the steps, Cas sees a figure waiting. Leaning on the bannister across from his door. Cas rubs at his eyes, convinced he must be hallucinating. Thoughts taking on human form after he spent the past few hours driving aimlessly around while his brain spun crazy theory after crazy theory about him. Each one made the little ticker beating inside his chest hurt more.
Dean bristles slightly, meeting Cas’s stare. Surprisingly, he smiles. “Never thought I’d say this… I prefer you, uh – I like how you look now.”
“I stole them,” Cas shrugs, centering himself in case Dean reacted like he did in front of the church. Preparing for a return to hostility. “The day you brought me in for questioning.”
Whatever expression Sam made Mia mirrored. Jack, meanwhile, giggled and shifted in his carrier, delighted by Dean’s idiocy. Jack’s carrier swung from the force of his mirth, forcing Sam to readjust his grip. As he did that, Sam used his other hand to pinch Dean’s wrist and forced his brother’s attention onto him. “That joke wasn’t funny the
Claire sighs, stretching out in his backseat. “Rules. Like, how I’m only supposed to go to the lecture and
Undeterred, Roidy leans closer. Fingertips ghosting where Dean holds his glass as the bartender refills it. He tenses, squirming, imagining the very oil that drips from the man’s head coats his fingers, too, and through his touch smears it around Dean’s wrist. “Listen, you might not know this… but I made a promise tonight. That I would fuck the hottest, sexiest piece of trade in the club tonight. And congratulations… that’s
Unlike other spaces he saw, Dean put thought into his decoration here. Posters from old Westers hanging on the wall. A huge profile of John Wayne with a smoking gun taking most space. Small table pressed into a corner; a record player plugged into a nearby outlet. An empty sleeve for Bob Dylan’s
“I’m supposed to believe you give a damn about those kids we’re not finding, whether they’re in the cult or elsewhere,” Dean chuckles, grating on Cas’s nerves, “you’d still be in the dark on this if your friend hadn’t been one of the sheep they herded!”
“No,” Cas shuffled forward, twisting the bandana in his hands, “I want to see how this looks on you…” He pulled the green fabric taut, wrapping the thick line around Dean’s head. Deftly tied it, then freed Dean’s strangled bangs so they could fall across his face again. Cas leapt backwards, inspecting the addition. Dean glowered heavily, but it did not distract from the overall look. “We might make a hippie out of you yet, Dean Winchester,” Cas chuckled, gaze roving ever downward. Taking in the rest of his outfit for the full effect. The wardrobe Cas stuffed in Dean’s arms; that he begrudgingly wore. A wrinkled t-shirt with Mary Jane’s scribbled all over courtesy of a stoned, bored Andy. The capped sleeves clung tight, showcasing amazing biceps the detective hid with ill-fitting suits. And Cas’s
“Mugging gone wrong,” a woman shrugged, “police nabbed someone off the street already.” She pointed towards a small puddle a few yards off, “See that? Took three men to stuff him in handcuffs – brute resisted the entire time.”
It’s a rap sheet, made obvious by the bold declaration of ‘Rap Sheet’ underlined at the top of the paper. A mugshot rested underneath this headline showing a white man with dark bloodshot eyes that were rimmed with purple bags. Cas set aside the half-eaten apple and brings the picture closer. Notices the cut hidden at the hairline, blurred by the black-and-white coloring, the unshaven jaw set in a tense line, as well as the stains splattered across his wrinkled shirt that disappeared behind the Los Angeles Police Department letter board.
The air thickens noticeably when she leaves. Dean and Cas drawn back into their own corners, waiting for the signaling bell. The other man has been occupying a lot of real estate in his head, squatting with the best of them. Testing the limits of Cas’s patience. There’s so much he wants to say it all bottlenecks at his throat. What slips through is the tip of the iceberg. “You’re gonna marry
Cas steps back, a tide rolling over his expression and smoothening the lines there. He reshapes the sands of his face into a more carefree alignment, smirking. “If you’re worried I’m switching careers Winchester, I’ll ease your troubles right now. I could never be a Peeping Tom… there’s no point in pleasure if the other person don’t know what’s going on.” He turns around without care, cock arcing. “I was only using it to pee detective,
“I didn’t know Stanford specialized in that type of discipline, but I guess everyone’s getting with the times…”
Cas rubs his wrist, still tingling from where Dean held it. Stares at the door, wood warping in his vision while the pieces of the puzzle reconfigure themselves for the umpteenth time. Messed up by Dean’s interference. Adding another layer of complexity he was unprepared for. How far did this racket ascend if the government was involved? If he keeps digging will he meet up with the devil himself, far from his white castle? And, like a meditative chant at this point, what isn’t Dean telling him? His smooth features scrunch up in annoyance, the detective’s touch no longer affecting him.
“Jack did all the legwork,” Cas told her, “Found an envelope he hid that were filled with all these pictures of you and the professor at a lake?”
Dean waits as the coiled heat in his stomach unravels, breathing raggedly all the while. “Yeah,” he says, “I can feel your hands.”
“He’s ours…” Sam sank into the couch, tilting his head to better meet her guarded stare. “We didn’t know his mom that well, but we were all he had after…” He trailed off, unsure how much he should share. Mia didn’t need to hear the specifics. “After this big… this big blow-out. Cost us his mom… our mom… a few friends” –
“Carver? Carver Edlund?” A shadow crosses Kaia’s face, transforming it. Pure hatred, stronger than any other emotion he’s seen her show, presents itself. “He’s the big man who was
Castiel eyes the amulet around Dean’s neck, the only part of him that hadn’t changed. “Well, maybe the next time you spot some jewelry you won’t put it on.”
“Wait, wait,” Sam says, waving his hands between the group, “So everything that’s been happening the… the good times and…”
Between the dim lighting, sweaty, gyrating bodies on stage and the sweaty, hypnotized patrons surrounding them, finding Nick seems difficult. He drifts from the door, towards the buffet. Plucks a wing from the pile and bites down, a bit of juice squirting from the meat and onto his shirt. Sighing, he licks the sauce off his thumb and wipes at the drying stain. “There goes another one…”
Sam rolled his eyes with so much force they rattled inside his skull like a novelty magic eight-ball, his hazel gaze landing on him, answer written neatly, ‘
“No one’d let me see him!” Dean’s head rolls, chin settling on his chest as he faces Cas. “I tried his office, no one’d say a peep. Calls were left unanswered and he never followed up. Wasn’t able to run into him by accident. I knew I’d need a little grease on the wheels if I were gonna get my meeting with Sammy. Becoming a cop seemed like the right idea at the time. Lawyers and cops work together on occasion.”
That triggers a new feeling inside. Unfortunately, it detracts from the overall mood Cas and Pamela were building. The warm intimacy simmering between them evaporates and the only pressing thought in Cas’s awareness is how he needs to pee. Bladder sloshing around like the aforementioned waterbed, dangerously surrounded by nails waiting for a misstep that will give way for major leakage.
His gaze catches his laptop. “I missed a lot of progress because of you,” he huffs, snatching it from his bed, “Next time I write I’ll do it somewhere else, that way I won’t miss any more important breakthroughs with my family.”
The mock cheer does not aid to improve Dean’s mood. Instead he sinks into the water, chin disappearing into the water. “So I’m stuck like this?” he asks, “Some kind of reverse Little Mermaid?”
“Uh…” Belatedly, Dean realizes his stupidity. His jaw drops, as if he can vacuum the question back. Pretend he never said it. Castiel, looking saintly under the bar’s neon glow, recovers faster. Replies before Dean might withdraw. “Yeah, yes I’m… I’m gay. Be pretty weird if I wasn’t.”
Dean bristles, any warmth towards him chilling. “Don’t act like you know anything about our relationship,” he says. Teeth grinding together. His gaze darts away for a quick beat, frowning, “I wouldn’t have asked her to marry me if I wasn’t serious. Some people still like doing things the old-fashioned way. Instead of… taking any random stranger into bed.”
Pinching the space between his brows, Dean sighs. “I’d rather you tell me why you were jumping the fence over at the Kline residence.”
“Lovin’ ain’t got a market value.” Pamela removes her hand from his and fixes her shirt, tugging on the hem and revealing more of her cleavage. Cas whines in the back of his throat. “I’ve another hour before my shift ends. You manage to find somewhere you can relieve yourself and make it back by then, we can party.” She points at him, a ray of seriousness poking from behind flirty clouds. “And don’t think I won’t know. Last guy who tried telling me the drip on my leg was rain escaped the draft, and not by running north. Understand?”
Cas sprints from the balcony, pushing away every distraction that blocks him from his goal. Whether external, like the listless partygoers holding empty cups, or internal, such as the heart-shaped lump camping in Cas’s throat.
“Jack?” Sam asked. He glanced at the baby, hand reflexively reaching for the carrier’s handle. He paused midway, instead slipping into it to pull Jack’s fist out of his mouth. “We took him in after a… a family friend passed during childbirth.”
. It dirty word,” he spits, darkening a speck of sand below. “Filled with negative energies that chain the spirit.”
Rising, Dean stretches. Winces as a new disc pops and cracks in his back, “Motels ain’t what they used to be…” He throws his legs over the side, scrunching his toes in the shag carpet. Smiling, “But at least some things’ll never change…”
Sam nearly cursed, stopping himself at the last moment. He extended a hand to Jack, hovering near his face, thinking of the bullet and what Jack’s eyes meant.
. I overheard you and Eve talk. The longer you hang around the better chance the police’ll dredge up your body from the ocean. Then who would write your book… or whatever it is you’re really doing.”
Mia had the same inklings. She’s better prepared, and perfectly distanced, to needle him about it. “Are you dealing with more than your mother’s loss?” she asked, “Did you lose someone else? Or… were you close with Jack’s mother, before she passed?”
Suddenly, ringing breaks through their staring contest. Cas flinches, muttering a curse through clenched teeth. He spares one final glance at Dean before reaching for his phone. “You got Cas?”
“He was conceived,” Dean said, “that’s enough for me.” His groping fingers pushed aside the carton of milk for a third time; he still couldn’t find the beer.
“Okay…” Sam said, “Do you have notes that we can look at – if, if that’s not an invasion of privacy, or whatever? Maybe we can establish a pattern or – or see whether there’s differences between sessions based on what you wrote?”
Cas beats a rapid rhythm into his worn briefcase, fingers tapping one after the other in a wave-like patter while he waits. Interrupting only when reminded of his tightly buttoned collar and he needs to tug on it for air. He shifts in the seat, uncrossing and refolding his itchy legs. Stares at the scratch on his left shoe that follows the point at the end, squeezing his toes. At least he wore socks this time, better prepared than yesterday for his disguise.
Cas shrugs, “I’m sorry, then. I’ve been hunkered down following this recent case of a cheating, deadbeat professor. Haven’t really been hanging around this ‘
His gait evens out when he hits asphalt. No longer stomping for balance, with bits of sand leaking onto his old leather as he sank. Cas leaves a trail of it the more distance he adds between him and the beach, following him, only crumbs stuck between his toes left when he rounds a corner. He doesn’t mind since everyone always carries a little bit of the beach with them. They have to. Inescapable if you live in Mar del Vista.
Cas flees towards the kitchen, only slowing when he is sure Eve and Cole cannot see him. The suffocating vibes of anger that gripped him while in her company faded, replaced with positive energy that he struck a path that will lead Cas to his friend.
“Then why won’t you tell me yours?” Castiel asks, “Are names important to humans? Are they embarrassing –“
“This must be one of the best jobs ever,” Cas starts loudly, disrupting Nick’s focus, “I mean, you show up. Get a little exercise, lots of attention, and rake in all this sweet dough…”
Fancy talk for downing acid and sweating the day away, trapped listening to Sergei yammer on without interruption because they’re more focused on keeping their heads from flying off their shoulders.
Dean levels a heavy stare at Castiel, mirth dying in his eyes. “What were you doing at the Kline residence?”
a therapist,” she told them, palpable anger coloring her tone. Dean finally struck a nerve. “These are all mine… went to a lot of trouble getting them. But I did my time, like everyone else.”
Sleeping was surprisingly easy. Some days Dean wished it weren’t. Others, it’s his only chance at being with him again.
sees the real you and not what they want to see…” Sniffling, the tears gloss her eyes, yet they never fall. “Growing up, all anyone could talk about was my looks. ‘You’re such a pretty girl, Kelly’. ‘No surprise you won Miss Teen of the Auto Scene since you were the youngest Homecoming Queen our school’s ever had’. ‘You’ll make a man one very lucky groom’… yes Nick saw all that, but he also saw that there was
“Oh save it,” Cas knocks Nick onto the bed, crawling and taking the space Sprinkles had. Squats over the professor, trapping him.  “I don’t want to hear your whining, what I want to hear are some answers.”
“Sammy!” Dean draws him into a hug far easier than he’s ever had in their lives. Breaking too suddenly, Sam almost stumbling from the loss of contact. “Looking good, man. I can’t believe it’s only been a few days!”
His brain hurts, and Cas’s mouth desperately misses the sweet taste of grass. He searches his breast pocket and only finds his lighter. Cas faces the pushpins on his mental corkboard alone.
He’s a man with severely gelled hair, plastered back. A few strands were missed in the initial sweep and clung to his forehead, shiny and wet, making it seem like oil slowly bled down. He chokes on a gold chain that resembles a collar, broad neck seizing as he breathes. Steroids, Dean wagers, given how bulging veins snake past the sleeves of his stretched-thin shirt. Which makes him doubt the man’s ‘
“What a strange thing,” he says to Felix, “Sam in the library… I wonder what happened that made him want to go in there after…”
Whether Dean followed him there or it was the universe shooting him the middle finger, Cas will not entertain any further thoughts of the case for now. Otherwise he might fully succumb to its horrifying tides.
An unexpected turn in his evening, but not unappreciated. Especially after all the trouble he put Cas through.
. In the middle of the long, front space, Cas learned the name of Kelly’s dashing professor. Nick Pellegrino, a member of the faculty at California’s local state university given the mailing address. Not a home address, but at least it’s
“No, I was wondering if you’ve seen this before.” Cas shows Dean the crumpled flyer, waiting for a reaction.
The burn flickers to life behind his eyes and Jack understands how perfect a picnic story is. The fire of creativity that roared with each amazing plot point, words fueling him forward. He figured writing would feel wet from how many instances people spoke about 'juices flowing'. Except when he finished writing Jack never felt more dry.
“Right, Mr. Bexler…” Eve chews her lip, dipping the shades and revealing the dark gaze she hid beneath. A nervous shiver runs up his spine. “Okay, yes.”
Cas collects a flower from a well-cared for bed of them, twirling its stem between his fingers. The yellow petals flutter and encourage a smile from him. Out of all the houses on her block, only she had flowers. Added a spark of originality to the otherwise cookie-cutter neighborhood. Where each house is a clone of the other, a suburban promise. Each home alike in values and pain. Protesting individuality with white-picket fences, keeping the very notion from disturbing their manicured appearances. But, always, a few weeds sneak through.
, and all she did with her newfound freedom was climb the few feet from her lobby to her private floor. She camped in her kitchen for hours, drinking; the empty, nearby bottle of wine was full when Mia first retrieved it, an older vintage the cashier advised her to pop open during celebrations.
… I can see the monogramed towels already.” Dean closes his eyes, purring like a kitten while he absorbs the heat that radiates from Cas. It’s inhuman how much of a furnace he was, especially after giving up his grace to
“With what education?” Dean grins cruelly, “I… It’s not so easy up there, Cas. I can’t just drop everything. The land has a bunch of rules, while the ocean it’s… it’s total freedom.”
This room is much larger, with signs of life. And judging by where carped fades into tile, there’s another bathroom here. However, that becomes less important the more Cas studies Dean’s suite.
The cop chokes on the water, crushing the cup in his hand. As he coughs and wipes at his mouth, Cas catches the name on his badge – Fitzgerald. “Woah there, fella,” Fitzgerald starts, “sorry about that. What did you say?”
She stood there, letting Dean run from her home. He clambered down the steps, and when he slammed the door open Mia heard the hinges scream as they rocked from the force.
“Depends what you mean by rumblings,” she mutters, “What’s going on? What kinda case are you working?”
“Don’t pin the blame all on me, that message has been in the air for far longer than I’ve known Jack.” Cas waves the digression aside with his hat, refocusing on the meat of their conversation instead of the dripping fat. “If you don’t think his actions were motivated by an economic or educational sense… are you sure there wasn’t anything else you two argued about.”
“I’m pretty sure I’ve had lots of opportunities,” Dean tells him, “I just… never took them.” He shrugs as best he can. Sighing when Adam brushes one of his love handles, scratching it. Warm delight making Dean’s toes curl. “It wasn’t something a guy like me was supposed to do.”
Experience tells Cas to go with Andy, despite how every fiber in his being wishes that it weren’t the case. “Fine,” he says, leading the younger man out his apartment, “but I can’t promise I’ll behave.”
He chuckled. Dean flipped his omelet, then pressed a kiss onto Cas’s cheek. “If it bothers you so much, you can put it up just as easily as I can.”
“Sure, Crowley…” He stopped believing that threat ages ago, waving it off like smoke; retreated to his car and, ultimately, home.
“Almost a year,” she amends, “It won’t be a year until May rolls around and – and when that happens it will have been a year since Jack graduated… a year since he left high school and what has he to show for it? Nothing.” Kelly chokes on a sob, lamely covering it with a cough and stalling for composure.
Cas frowns, studying the grip. Out front, the doors and windows had wood stacked over every possible inch, no way of getting in. Whoever boarded those figured the sides needed less precision. Slapped on, a few spots allow for Cas to peek inside. Curiosity drove Cas closer.
“I don’t think Dick Roman even knew how to feel sad until…” She quiets, smoking the rest of her sentence away. “The man I married lost everything because of his greatest trait, his pride. He was always so proud of himself… even when there was no reason to. Was hell whenever we fought, stubborn bastard would never own up to his mistakes. But Dick would accept praise, especially if he had no part in the accomplishment.”
Mia struck a match, lighting a joint and all of the candles littered about her bathroom. She dumped a capful of bubble bath into the half-filled tub and added a few drops of perfume. Once the tub reached the inner rim, it looked like a field of bubble-shaped flowers that smelled of lavender with a waterfall she slowly eased to a trickle and then a drought.
it wasn't. I may have started things, but… what happened between stories was left up to you?” He sounds unsure, but it's the only possibility that eases his guilt. Makes him feel less like a dictator playing with his family like pawns on a chessboard and more like a rancher guiding his cattle where they should be. Both not great options, but one slightly above the other.
“No,” Cas tells him, “I learned long ago that other people’s opinion meant little when it came to how I should live my life.” Suddenly, the film he destroyed reassembles itself. Cas too distracted he is forced to relive that fateful evening.
“Tasty flesh,” Sam mutters, chewing obnoxiously, “delicious… you should really try some.” Waving the bacon towards his brother causes Dean to jump backwards in panic.
“Well we both would rather I leave and never see you again,” he tells the professor, “but I can’t do that until you cough up the truth. Otherwise, you might as well get comfy because I’m sure you paid the front desk for a
That’s why he throws his arms around Castiel’s shoulders, Dean’s mind comforts him with seconds later. For safety. For stability. Since he, too, wasn’t dancing anymore. His legs were useless, bent further than normal. Making him smaller. Forcing him to angle his head upwards to meet his savior’s searching gaze. Lips parted silently, asking a question with the ghost of his breath. Dean thinks he hears an invitation.
“Hold on,” he drops the spoon, head skewed while he wraps it around the other man’s logic. “If you weren’t here for the coffee… why stay?”
Together, they completed their duties by sundown. It might have been sooner if Sam didn’t slack off to play nursemaid to Lucifer’s kid. He ran off at the slightest bit of static coming from the garish, incongruently colored baby monitor clipped onto his belt loop, dragging their duties out because of intermittent breaks. When they finally set Cas and Kelly on their respective pyres, the sky darkened to the same shade it was that they lost both of them.
“You ask how your brother can just go along and do whatever that Carver Edlund guy says?” Cas says, “Think about how joining the police has changed you. How you’ve been stalled from acting, even though there are kids out there being messed with –“
it for the first time. He bobbed his head around, seeing more than what there was. And the smells were indescribable, though he tried.
Cas sucks the last embers of his joint deep down into his lungs, easing his grip so it would fall into the sand. He then squashed the last embers with the toe of his sandal while blowing a cloud into the breeze.
“That helped… somewhat.” He tugs on the ends of his hair, mouth thinning. “But the reason I’m here is because I need more.”
Dean lifts his head, frowning. Studies Cas with a suspicious wrinkle creasing his brow. He deflates somewhat, disappointment rocking into him like heavy waves. Routine. Expected, since Cas was exactly where he wanted. But then, isn’t that answer enough? Dean asks regardless. “Did you take it?”
“If you get tired of that finger…” a stranger says on his right, reeking of cherry-and-liquored stink. Dean’s face scrunches at the smell. “I’ve got this
Tiny hands doubled in size and calloused. Her jaw became squarer, stubble shadow obvious once her eyes adjusted to their new color. Mia’s hair sat flatter atop her head, lifeless.
“No, it’s not mine,” Cas corrects him, “it was found in this kid’s room that’s gone missing. His old lady thinks it might have something to do with his disappearance.”
“A cop?” Claire asks. Her glare doubles, scorching a hole into Dean’s headrest. “You’ve got a cop watching your back? What’s to say he won’t turn on you?”
“It’s not like that.” Cas approaches, now, even toned. “I don’t have a badge, and –“ he adds, noticing how she hovers near Claire. Trying to use her as a shield. “If you don’t believe me, you can ask her.”
“No I’m sure they’ve been wanting to do stuff like that for awhile,” he chuckles, “But… Dean thinks Cas hates him.”
The memory faded with the sound of Baby’s wheels squealing out of the parking lot, his and Cas’s laughter hidden because of it. He finished looking at himself in the mirror, appreciating every fine detail Dean forgot he added to his costume.
Anyone who settled here long ago cut the string on that carrot. Half of the buildings in the area are filled with squatters who don’t pay for rent on top of everything else, letting the vacationers who use the rooms two weeks out of the year cover it. In Cas’s apartment complex, he is a rare species of tenent who rents and actually uses the space all-year round. A pity for management when they sweep up the trash every so often and find that they cannot legally kick him to the curb like a few
. Not like Sam’s pointed questions and giant thumbs hid his intentions. Even his terrible acting (“Eileen? What are the odds of you being here?”) couldn’t throw him off. Dean played along, however, letting them think he was in the dark. Knew exactly
how difficult it was getting him to come along with me today. Just a few churches, that’s all… Fought the entire time.”
Almost three hours into their trip Dean pulls off the highway. “We’re almost there,” he tells them, “Hope you’re ready!”
“What the hell?” Dean yelled at him, massaging his sore wrist, “Sam, what do you even think you’re doing?”
he ever changes you.” Sam faltered, smile drooping slightly. He adjusted to cover that momentary lapse, his expression softer. “You done?” Jack stuck his fist in his mouth, babbling around stubby digits. Sam, hesitantly, lifted the towel away from Jack. There’s no
Nick falls into deathly silence, hand cupped around his nose slacking and falling to the side. “W-what?”
“All he did was justify the board’s decision of firing him,” Ted Gaines said, “Showing up drunk like that, worst I’ve ever seen him. Damn near broke the half-filled bottle over Annie’s – his assistant’s – head. If the guards didn’t pin him to the ground until the cops showed up I don’t… it’s hard to say what might have happened. But from what he kept muttering while they took him away I… it would not have been good.”
peeing, but the large stain on the towel was not something Sam wanted to see. Dissimilar to his shirt, it’s unsalvageable. “Damn –
But not the tape. He clawed at the dirt, hoping it might have fallen out. It’s when he accidentally crushes a forgotten glass shard into dust he realized where his tape went.
“I’ll be busy with other things,” he glances at Dean, huffing. “Besides, I’m not in the mood to deal with my brother. Pretty sure I’ll end up saying something I’ll regret. At least he can only get so mad with you…”
There’s another half-formed defense waiting in Sam’s arsenal, but his ringing phone reminded Sam where his priorities should be. He answered, “What?”
? Or would it have been better that I sit on my ass with a glass of wine while my boy could be anywhere? Hurt or-or God forbid something worse!” Cas wilts under her onslaught, hands waving like white flags. Kelly eases off him. “I searched it,” she begins again, “looking through his stuff for a clue that might help me find Jack. What I found was your information and, well… this.”
Bristling, Dean shifts as if to raise his head again. Adam shoves at Dean, keeping him there. Adds an ounce of pressure that should stoke his anger. However, Dean responds with no retaliation. Stills, and when Adam removes his hand, continues talking. “I made these decisions,” Dean tells Adam, “I… there were a lot of expectations, being me. People I couldn’t disappoint. If they knew I went to get… massages, by
It’s pathetic, truly. Lucifer huffs, deflating, sinking further into his seat. Weighed down by obscene amounts of longing that poured freely off Dean like a broken hydrant. Funneled into his awareness because its usual drain was cordoned forever. It flooded these now silent angelic air waves, Lucifer growing more annoyed with each, excruciating second. Until, finally, “Holy hell, can you please
Castiel nods, still somewhat lost. He latches onto something he could understand. “You have a brother?”
“Is that where I was?” Cas asks, tone hollow and airy, “I thought that was my pad… it makes sense though, when the key wouldn’t unlock the door. Damn reefer – messes with your head, you know.”
all it takes. Now I told you all this because – for some reason – I thought you could help. Not to judge me. Which, by the way, is a fucking laugh!”
With each step, he feels a new person looking at him. Hears the pause in conversation as they consider him, sneaks glances of his own. Notes important details. Like how similarly they’re all dressed, with love beads and plain jeans. Flowers pinned in their hair, placed behind ears, or held aloft in their hands. And thought there are many people talking, they say the same things.
“Okay, goodbye.” He shuts the door after her, then immediately slams against it. A sigh forces itself from his chest, and Cas drags his hands slowly down his face. Over his eyes, across his cheeks where stubble scratches the visiting skin. Cas stops when the pads of his fingers dig into his jawline, and then he sinks onto the floor. “Jack… what the hell happened, kid?”
“Jesus fuck, Cas,” Andy hisses, “what the hell’ve you gotten into? FBI? Should I expect Hoover to pop up the next time I hang out with you?”
He skirts past Dean and grabs his half-finished joint, lighting it again. “You in the mood for a party?”
. Years from now, after his loved ones have shuffled off, at peace with a life well lived – that’s the ending he would write. Being welcomed into his perfect heaven with gentle green eyes, freckles, and a dimpled smile.
It flows much easier after he simplifies his story. He pushes past the block clogging his creative visions and lets the faucet of his imagination flood the page. Jack knows he is on the right track by the delicious burn crackling behind his eyes. Each added word like another piece of kindle thrown onto the fire.
He taps at his pad. “Exactly. He went from a great public figure, tripling his net worth and making appearances at posh events, and then poof! Dick Roman disappears. No mention of him at all, not even a statement about how he will clamber his way back onto the top after this minor setback.”
He advances on the door, shadowed by the long awning that stretched from the curb to the front step, and stabs the doorbell. A woman yells from the other side, “Coming!”
Limits of his restraint reached, Cas abandons any pretense of obliviousness. He lowers until his chin hovers over the table, fingers serving as a barrier. Dean’s face obscured by the brim of his hat save for those damnable pillows he calls lips. “Hunch, huh? Is that the term you cops use when tailing a mark?”
Scrubbing his hands down his face, Jack collapses onto his bed with a sigh. “Why couldn’t there have been more tips on how to do this?”
His friend huffs, crestfallen. The expression switches instantaneously, gleeful for the assembled officers. “I hope you all consider greatly the wisdom I tried dropping on you.”
“Look at that line. By the time we get to the counter the withdrawal’d already set in.” Someone honks from behind, light turning green without their notice. “Come on, go! That horn is such a drag.”
As an angel, Cas doesn’t sleep. Can’t dream and cannot have nightmares. In moments of peace, sitting alone in his room at night. Bathed in darkness… that memory strikes. Quick, cutting in its ruthless appearance. Sets him to his feet, light on and blade drawn. Watching shadows shrink in their retreat.
Jack lets the smile slowly shrink across his face, aware that nothing has derailed from the script he wrote. With only a few more lines left, Jack gives Sam his attention as he polishes off the last of the bacon. “So,” he clears his throat, “what do you plan on doing today, Sam?”
Meg scoffs, side saddling her chair. “I meant in here,” she taps at her temple. “What were you thinking of when you were coming?” A second later, she lets slip a raspy chuckle. “You can tell me, Clarence, I won’t be offended if you were picturing someone else.”
An odd thought strikes Cas, Eve’s description vaguely similar in what Kelly described as the last few months living with Jack was like. “This place your ex vacationed at… would you happen to know what it is?”
A lavender wall smacks into him when he enters, tickling his nose. Cas wrinkles it, unprepared. He coughs and waves his hand in an attempt at dissipating the smell. Across the way, someone chuckles at his antics. Blinking through the tears, Cas sees the saleswoman stationed behind the register watching him. Incense burning on a stick near the edge. “It’s a subtle hint,” she tells him, voice raspy in that special way. Shivers climbing up his spine. “S’posed to promote comfort and arousal.”
Dean shrugs. “Seaweed? I never really… I figured you wouldn’t eat the fish because they’re your friends and everything! Ariel had Flounder… Aquaman could talk to fish…”
An olive branch with no thorns waiting? Cas felt suspicion rising in his chest, although one glimpse of the officer’s friendly demeanor and his guard slowly lowers. The further he trails his gaze over his body, more armor shucks itself from Cas’s defenses. His uniform highlights the muscles hidden underneath, but he finds his focus drawn towards the man’s face again. Living in the city for most his life, Cas never saw much of stars. The freckles dotting his skin were an adequate substitute. How did he not notice him until now? “Yeah, that should work…” Cas reads the name on his badge, brows arching. “Winchester? Were you born for this job?”
A light flickers to life, and Castiel glances around. He frowns, turning to Dean. “This isn’t so bad Dean,” he starts, “My brothers are much messier than this.”
Cas stands, ends of his trench coat smoothening and brushing his knees. “Thank you, Carol,” he says in a thick, Eastern European accent. Then trudges down the path her manicured finger set out for him, over towards a small office near the back of the floor on the right. Mr. Gaines, Senior Financial Advisor, VP of Operations etched into the gold placard hung beside the door. Cas knocks twice, entering when he hears a muffled voice allowing it. “Mr. Gaines?”
Dean’s eyes jump from the magazine to the food, a strangled cry lodged in his throat. “Sammy-bitch, is that… bacon?”
“Nonsense, Dean,” Castiel hushes him, “Stop joking and get the car started or I’ll eat all the pie myself.”
“You’ll have to!” Dean closes the door on Cas’s face, laughing as he hears his husband bang against the door in protest. He yells for Dean, but Dean ignores him. Dean brings his hand to his face, covering his mouth with both it and the panties he carries. They smell like cherries. He forgot to tell Cas they’re edible. Cas will figure that out later.
“You heard me,” Dean growls, “my brother… he’s mixed up in this whole…” He sighs, hands violently thrown up, “this whole fucking shitstorm that’s been eating at more of my life than it should be.”
Recognition is mutual. The man – Pierce, his nameplate supplies – chokes, pounding on his chest. “Shit, what are – what are you doing here?”
“No!” Dean shrieks, choking back a sob. He blinks past the tears, letting them fall without care. “Do you not know meat is
party,” Claire continues, “the story goes that a few years back, he broke his hip. And while he was recovering, they sent this nurse to look after him – feed him, bathe him, clean up his shit
Another officer piped in, snickering. “Probably just gonna blow the money on reefer, anyway.” This sets off a chain reaction of laughter Cas ignores, accustomed with the grating noise.
Cas doubles the pressure on his own shake, delighting at the wince in Ted’s face as he crushes the man’s hand. “Very well, but only if you call me Emmanuel.”
Closing the fridge, Dean saunters over to Castiel. His hand hovers near the crook of his elbow, fingers twitching like they do when he holds his gun.“Why did you need to ‘
Cas squinted. A queasy feeling in his stomach shook about, unsure about her vibes. “I thought I looked like a friend of yours.”
A shudder traveled across his body, from the top of his head, dragged along each vertebra like a sharp, clawed finger, and finally making his legs seize and stretch out in front of him. Dean vacuumed in a deep breath, chest ballooning to contain it. He won’t release it willingly.
“I drank too much anyway.” Wobbling when he rises, Dean proves that true. “You were gonna have to take it, regardless.”
“Dean,” Not-Cas says, “hey, uh… Dean?” He turns, Castiel’s lips adorning his jaw with favor, and finds Sam on his other side. Watching. Aware of what he interrupted, given his pained smile and squinted gaze trapped elsewhere. “Sorry, but I’m…” he clears his throat, “I’m kinda ready to leave, if you… you are?”
. Only every meeting he visited, no one took his bait. No eyes flashed in recognition, nor did they give any sort of tell that showed they knew of such a place. He probably visited half the AA’s in the entire Los Angeles area, and after this ends will drive onto the next half.
He pauses at the door, turning. “Sorry about the mess, my secretary’s been out for a while.” Cas walks through the door first, giving the room a cursory scan.
Sam’s call stirred him from that horrid trance, urgency reminding Dean of all else that happened. Of Crowley’s sacrifice, of the portal closing, of mom on the other side; those events crashed into him like a terrible wave, washing him out into a roaring sea that denied him any sense or reason. Standing, legs ready to give out on him at any moment, Dean stumbled towards where he last heard his brother.
“I’m not sure about that. All the best angels are the fallen ones.” Cas fires with a vicious verbal backhand, winking. Throws Dean off his rhythm with a severe blush. “Did you really not know what my name was after years of… crossing paths?”
Castiel’s head tilts to the side, studying Dean. “Not that I don’t appreciate your opinions but… what brought this on?”
“Yes!” Chuck yells, thunder booming in the distance. “It should have been Michael! But what do I find when I check in? Sam back, Dean hunting again, and
Andy gapes at him, clearly against helping a facet of ‘the man’. But with bruising strength Cas shuts down his protest. “Sure,” he says, “I think I overheard a few things… at this party I was at. I can drop what I know into your knowledge boxes… if you think you can handle it?”
. Never left his house if he could help it… and didn’t care if you were a trespasser or the milkman, he’d come at you with a loaded gun and not stop until he pulled the trigger.” Cas looks at Claire’s face in the rearview, “What the hell is Creaser doing hosting a
“It was only dope,” he says, “but I bet there was something else, too. Dope don’t make you act all gooey, like they were. Like, uh…” Rufus stumbles over the next few words. He searches for another cigarette, sticks it in his mouth. Nothing else is done to it. Cas waits, unsure how he should continue. What he’s already been told was not enough. If he scratches too hard at the surface, Rufus might leave him with nothing but that first crushed stick. Luckily Rufus overcomes his block. “When you were at this meeting,” Rufus rolls the cigarette between his fingers now, “did you happen t’meet a man named Gordon?”
“Going to get the bags,” he says, moving towards the door, “Why don’t you get comfortable, I’ll only be a moment.”
for me,” Cas starts, drawing Dean into his arms. “I… never fit in with my family. Hard to shine when you’re the youngest of twelve. The added benefit of being born with a twin only made it worse. Jimmy and I were compared constantly throughout our lives, and no matter what I tried… it never was enough for Ish… for my dad. There finally came a point though, that I… that I had enough. I couldn’t take it anymore. He kept expecting something out of me that I couldn’t give him, so one day I said that if he can’t accept what’s already there than he doesn’t have to have any of it.”
Jensen suddenly remembers he still doesn’t have any pants on. He pulls the scratchy hotel blanket up higher on his hips, hoping the angel won’t notice.
“I don’t eat red meat.” Dean’s expression changes almost immediately, it’s clearly more than just disapproval.
Pictures of Dean, pictures of Sam, pictures of Cass, no, Cas. Oh look, they do little drawings too, that’s sweet. Huh, there’s one of those memes Misha texted him the other day, he feels a tinge of sadness begin to rise in his chest, before it's replaced with curiosity.
Dean turns around, pouring coffee in a styrofoam cup, and offering it to Jensen without meeting his eyes. “Drink up Marlon Brando, it’s time to send you home.”
He decides to change the subject, “How’s Cast - Cas? Is he like... Fighting Angel wars or whatever here too?” Jensen knows that on the show Cas is deeply embroiled in a war against Raphael, but he’s not sure if the same goes for this Cas.
Misha being gone has caused problems with production, and fans are in an uproar. They liked the little guy, and to be honest, he was starting to grow on Jensen as well. Not to mention that without Cass on the show “Destiel” will never happen, and the fans
“Likewise. It’s not often I meet one of Dean’s colleagues on the force,” she giggles, studying his appearance. “Aren’t cops supposed to be… a little more clean-cut?”
Mia shouted, reeling backwards. In her haste she drops her journal, too concerned with touching the red welt burning on her hand. “What did you” –
One of the things I did enjoy from s13 was widower!Dean and his grief arc so... don't be surprised that I've included it here. Dean and Jack will have a complicated relationship, even if Jack is a baby now.
“Don’t worry about it,” another voice pipes in, a rougher copy of his friend’s, “scoot on off and let us deal with the hippie, right?” Recognizing this speaker steals the breath from Cas’s lungs.
Doesn’t matter how well he masks it in the other man’s presence; Adam arches a brow at Dean and orders him to lay down. “You’ll feel better that way.”
Meg knocks him on his ass, both laughing. She grabs a shaking ankle, “Sit still!” Throws his shoe to the wayside and then peels his sock off. Cas wiggles his toes as they’re freed while Meg repeats the process on his other foot. “Can you quit it?”
His fingers curl where Castiel’s shirt is rucked up, dangerously teasing the line of his jeans. Castiel rolls his hips, rutting their cocks against each other again. “Yeah,” he tells Sam, “Yeah I can… we can go.”
Sergei lives in a dilapidated bungalow on a secluded part of the beach. A cove with patches of dirt in certain areas that allows for his product to breathe in the salty sea air. Unfettered growth because by the time cops might arrive, they’ve exhausted themselves arresting the locals breaking the law by being. Stuffing their cruisers with small fish while a golden whale of ‘criminal activity’ swims free.
“Because…” It’s a bad idea. He recognizes how bad an idea this is. However, recognition and action are completely separate. And while he succeeds in the former, he fails spectacularly with the latter. “I’m not gay.” Then, slurring, he whisper-shouts, “I’m
He pokes his head from out the bathroom, scanning the area. Dean sat on the couch, flicking through channels on the television. Back facing him. Perfect for Cas as he tiptoes away from the bathroom and around the corner.
Sam spends more of his time out of the Bunker than inside it. When he returns he hides away in his room until the next journey away. Dean also doesn't travel far from his bed, recovering. Being Michael’s prison took a toll on his body he was unprepared to deal with now that the archangel no longer resides inside. The times he was roaming the halls, Dean moved so sluggishly he could barely make it to the kitchen. And Castiel, the outlier among the three, locked himself into a role rather a place. His hands hover between the Winchester brothers, trying his best to heal them from the scars of Michael's wrath. He took charge of cleaning the Bunker, making sure the boys were fed with whatever Castiel could find. Granted most of what was made stayed on the plate to turn stale. Castiel focused so much on the others that most days Jack caught him zipping between their rooms.
Sam honks, watching with interest. A thousand questions waiting, hidden by the curious bend of his brows. Because of Castiel, Dean must face them. Will answer them. Is ready for them.
Dean’s hands hold tight, and Castiel struggles to free himself. When he does, Dean’s fingers squeeze the clownfish.
Elbows braced on the bed, Cas’s throat massages Calvin towards completion. His second time given what Calvin already told him. Cas, unable to remember how last night went after leaving The Cage, takes pleasure in relearning how the other man unravels. From his creative choice of exclamation to the strength of his thighs, nearly strangling Cas after suggestively tickling Calvin’s balls. If the universe were willing, he might find himself catching a second wind. Thankfully he stays flaccid, even as Calvin shoots without warning into his mouth. Cas swallows every last drop.
Cas scoffs, sitting on his haunches. “Not what I was here for but also not shocked how that’s the first thing you thought of.” He digs for the slide in his pocket, “I actually wanted some info about a woman you were acquainted with years ago. Does the name Kelly Kline ring any bells?” Flashing the slide close enough Nick’s eyes go cross-eyed staring at it, Cas studies him for a sign. Hearing Kelly’s name makes his Adam’s apple throb with a heavy swallow.
“Explain yourself,” Charles tells him, “Not from here? You are a merman are you not? That tail, while plebian, is not dissimilar from any of my other subjects.” He glares, “What sort of lies are you trying to spin for your
Dean giggles, overcome by an intoxicating rush of getting to choose without any real consequence. No judgement, no threats, no guilt. If Dean told Castiel that kiss meant nothing and then bolted out of the bar, he would never have to deal with these conflicting thoughts, actions, and feelings. Never need to see Castiel again.
Dean sighed, pinching Jack’s cheek. “He’s dressed as Harrison’s Ford’s character from Working Girl.” His costume took the longest to sew, suits – especially baby suits – being difficult and above Dean’s skill level. It looked halfway decent, however. Even if Dean spent the past week on alterations.
“I do, Cas,” he insists, “So… please?” He falls silent at Dean’s plea, nodding for him to continue. His words hadn’t so much robbed Castiel of his ability to speak, rather the intensity of the other’s gaze on him. It was like being stung by thousands of jellyfish and craving for more to float by. “Thank you for… for bringing me back to shore and – and well
Thinking, not acting, wasted too much time. No other options left Dean unfastened his towel. Held it while he climbed onto the table, carefully lying down. Adjusting his junk so his weight wouldn’t crush it. Then, face pressed into the appropriate hole, Dean fixed the towel. End hanging off the edges, censored his freckled ass from view. “Okay,” he says, croaking the next few words out. “I’m all set.”
There’s too much riding on this night for unnecessary risks. Cas folds, releasing his niece. Backs off with open palms held up in forfeit. “Come on Rainbow,” he says, exiting, “we’ll wait by the car.”
Again, Cas stalls the motor, coasts on by. Drifts into the next lane since both are conveniently empty. He cannot lie and blame this vision on paranoia, it tucked safely in his trunk with the rest of his forgotten clothes. It’s the same car that he saw back in Los Angeles. And without its owner, too.
to hear I had a kid.” There’s a strange note in his voice, as if he’s seeking a different answer than the obvious one Castiel would give.
“We’ve got a long time before we croak, Cas,” Dean jokes, crawling higher up his bed. Enough that he can press their foreheads together. “You think you can handle it?”
Dean felt Sam’s stare on his profile once more, an uncomfortable heat much different than what radiated from the cremating bodies before them. He hated it, being gawked at like some zoo animal. Yet Dean refused to turn, to bark at Sam that this momentary lapse meant
Switching gears, Cas climbs back up with a new plan. Finding Claire, Dean, and dragging them both out of this altered reality.
She squared her shoulders, gaze unflinching even while tears poured down her face. “Schoolgirl fantasies? Is that what you think of… of us? Our future? Do you even love me? Ever love me?” His silence told her what she needed. “Okay, fine. You want me to think
Her face slips back into disgusted indifference. “If you’re done,” she hisses, “may I please get on with why I’m really here. If all you’re going to do is waste my time than I can easily go talk with the police.”
Cas carried a strange array of clothes in his trunk – keeping his paranoia company, he joked whenever asked. Over the years he built up a selection of disguises that best fit certain cases, and different pieces of those full sets were buried in his ride when no longer needed. While most times he finds the unwashed pile annoying, Cas dare not disturb the patchwork collection. His inventory perfect for on-the-fly jobs where he needs a new look in a pinch. This was one of those times.
“Don’t you have a family?” Dean asks, “A home? Wouldn’t your time be better spent with them instead of me – a
“C’mon, Dean,” he continues, “you don’t want to fall asleep in here. Trust me… your neck will hurt for
First and foremost a janitor must have swept through at some point in the day. There were no cobwebs or dust bunnies hopping in their natural habitat. Hunted into extinction with how sanitary it looks. Shiny, polished, hard wood floors. A deep, red couch stationed between two bookcases. Two desks with lamps flicked on and half-eaten tacos forgotten on top –
It isn’t. Dean knows it isn’t. Not for him. Not with all that’s expected of him. The blueprint of who he’s supposed to be. Who Dean Winchester is. Torn to shreds and raining overhead like the actual confetti that floats down from high above. That were released without notice. Dropped there while he stands, in the middle of the dance floor, petrified by another man’s kiss. Dad’s efforts wasted.
Chuckling, Dean opens a bleary eye. Rimmed red, most of the green overtaken by his black pupils. “You tryna get me in your bed, Cas?” he asks, staring at Cas’s chin. “Boy… I must be dreaming, huh?”
“Oh, the oil?” Adam laughs, pinching his sides, “I had it specially delivered from some small town I last visited years ago, in Morocco. When it was all the rage, kids fleeing for the East in search of enlightenment. This herbalist was teaching in the streets…”
“There’s so much we want to tell you,” Dean starts, “about Santa Fe – Adam and Serafina… honestly, next time we visit you guys should come with, but I am
“So,” he said as she lit the cigarette and took a long drag off it, “you set up shop in a town, and at some point… your patients start dying and you have to move?”
The frown on Dean’s face doesn’t sit right with Castiel, either. Hoping to improve the mood, Castiel swims up beside Dean and pokes him in the side. “And… try not to get distracted by any more shiny things.”
“Yeah,” he answers, voice gruff and cautions. A lone brow arches at him, Dean unmoving by the handle. “Why? You got a problem with her?”
This time, as Dean brightly flushes, he makes no move of distancing himself from Cas. “You don’t mean that,” he mumbles, “I’m just another lousy cop.”
Richard ‘Dick’ Roman. In his early forties now, but at the time of his most recent arrest he was thirty-seven. Given the list of offenses, though, he seemed to have a long history with the law since he was twenty-three way back in 1954. Small skirmishes here and there, egged on by the drink if ‘Drunk & Disorderly’ were to be believed. At least twelve of these offenses were listed, along with their status. There had even been an accidental manslaughter charge brought against him in 1962. While Dick had been charged for all of these, he never was convicted. Cas scowls as he finds Dick’s employment history. “I thought the name sounded familiar…”
Cas grins, sinking his teeth into the fabric and flapping her underwear like a dog would. Meg’s protests drown under her laughter, Cas joining in when he flings it. “You were saying?”
Rather, she felt like taking a lengthy soak in her bathtub. With fancy bubbles and salts mixed in the water, and scented candles perched upon pure porcelain and wooden shelves and whatever space she could find.
Alone, Cas strolls into the larger living space. He opens his as-marketed refrigerator and grabs the carton of juice inside, checking the date. Deeming it safe, he chugs the remainder of its contents and slams it on the counter. The satisfying sound of empty cardboard hitting a hard surface doesn’t echo, though, interrupted by an obstacle.
“I’ve been sober for about… oh, four years I’d say,” Cas starts, fiddling with a fancy chip he stole one night when trolling bars for a cheat. “Decided I needed a change after I woke up one morning with a killer hangover and a – uh… a tattoo in a place I’d rather not say.” His chuckling dies rather quickly seeing how the crowd doesn’t warm to it. “Anyway… I’ve done these meetings before. Not
grow, and change, that I lose parts of myself. Lose my family, because they don’t like who I’ve become?”
“As you wish, m’Lord.” Cas eases into the space, door closing behind them. Parking, turning the keys off but leaving them in the ignition. “So, what now?”
Although, even if he were on his best behavior, Cas doubts there will ever be another chance at seeing Dean’s home.
hold if their fingers weren’t tangled, thumbs safe because of their distance. Purposes served elsewhere gently brushing the skin on the backs –
Dean swallowed a curse and ended their contest, sure if he looked into the baby’s eyes any longer, he would damn the consequences and wring the life from this tiny body nestled in his hands. He waited for Jack’s fit to tamper lower and lower, rising only after a moment of uninterrupted silence. Dean carried Jack back, returning him to his crib. He added another mistake into the column of ever-increasing errors and glanced at Lucifer’s kid a final time. He examined him, searching for little horns or a tail or tattoos of sixes; he found nothing. Nothing that proved he’s more than a child, innocent and carefree.
Hope you enjoyed! And yes, this entire fic will be told through alternating POVs. Dean and Cas will have the most chapters dedicated to their POV, with Mary and Sam following, and then one-offs based off of certain characters. When I had the idea for this s13 rewrite, I had just finished the Prophets by Robert Jones, Jr. and was really inspired by the way he wrote the story. Definitely recommend the read.
He dips his nose into the crook of Cas’s neck, huffing. “Is that you, man?” Dean asks, giggling, arms waving madly at his sides. “Oh, I thought you’d
Playing with the hairs at Cas’s nape, Dean breathes a confession against his neck. “I have another present for you.”
Cas folded his arms, brow arched in stern judgement. “You walk in wearing those shoes everyone at the party will know you’re a narc and we won’t get
Dean cleared his throat. “It’s… it’s been a while, I guess. That is – that we’re here like this. I know it’s not – you’re not… if you were you, it’d sure be a shock. What am I? Nearing forty… neither of us probably predicted that happening, did we…” He sighed, rubbing away some glistening wetness crowding his eyes. “Fuck, I don’t – I don’t know what I’m doing. Dad…
It all happened by accident, meaning that there could still be a chance Jack was using his powers in a different way. Maybe instead of controlling the present Jack predicted the future. There is no justifiable proof Jack controls his fathers through his keyboard. That the choices he made in storytelling affected the plot in real life. If he went to the others now he could blow up their peace for no reason and bring about a new sense of worry and unease that would only suffocate Jack.
Dean startles from where he stood, jaw tensing. Mouth flattening in a thin line as he glares, “What?”
part of this shitty, confusing web of mystery. Brainwashing these lost kids for whatever sick reason to do… do… I don’t know –“
“Maybe he set up his own pad while you weren’t looking. I did split my fees with him whenever he shadowed me on a case.”
Cas watched her disappear into the crowd, static bouncing around his head. Her comments pinned themselves onto the picture of Kelly and Nick taken years ago, although they remained undecipherable in that moment. He turned to Sonny, boy awestruck on the ground with a hanging jaw, and offered a hand. “Sorry about that,” Cas said, “I didn’t mean to cause a scene.”
Snorting, Dean waits on the steps leading out the garage and into his house proper. Expression soft under the humming fluorescents he powered on moments before. Allowing Cas a better glimpse of this room. At a cherry red, beaten-and-scraped toolbox that sat on a long workbench. Piles of dirty rags stacked atop a barrel. Torn posters of cars and men plastered across one wall, a risky collage. “You’re concerned with being
A lawyer from the same firm Sammy worked at. Tyson Brady. Dean snuck his brother into the conversation, asking about the ‘famed lawyer’ in the news. “Well, you know what they say about the brightest of stars,” Tyson joked, crushing his empty water cup and tossing it into the nearby trash.
Dazed, lost in a spiraling pool of confusion and questions, Cas almost misses Dean’s response. He claws out of his quicksand mind before it sucks him under, catching the last bit of the brush off. “…misunderstanding. Since we can’t charge him with anything, he’s free to go.”
Sighing, Andy scrambles into a seated position. Legs folded over each other like a lotus, pizza box open in his lap. Though slightly ruined and cold, Andy grabs a slice and happily chews on it. “Nah, man, I smoked the last of my stash yesterday.” Cas’s disappointment must be obvious if Andy notices. His friend sprays crumbs in his rush, “Don’t worry though. I was planning on hitting up Serg’s for more. You can come with?”
“Relax Dean,” Adam croons, lighting one of the many candles that surrounds the room. Interspersed with crystals, totems, and an incense stick that suspiciously smells like a VW van at a concert. “This is going to be a
She owed him nothing. Still, Mia swore an oath when she accepted her diploma. As she noted during his first visit, this was a man who needed help.
“Not how I expected, though,” Dean says, “with how talented he was practicing law, you’d think he would be better staying out of trouble.”
“Now that you mention it…” Andy wonders aloud, while Cas kisses at the tiny blisters breaking onto his skin, “it does look familiar…”
Adjusting to the light, Cas moves further into the room. Notices the garish choice in wallpaper that clings along the walls. Creamy orange interspersed with spiraling white lines that cross paths at random moments. This choice was slightly less ridiculous than the patterned fabric sofa and armchairs, pinkish petals blossoming on his furniture. Growing from the grassy knolls of his green shag carpeting, each step tickling his feet. He stops in front of the coffee table, naked save for an ash tray and a recent copy of Esquire. Cas studies it closer, from Nixon’s small head to the hand with long fingernails. Sniggering, thinking how uncomfortable using it might be.
“We schedule another time then.” Cas stands, gathering his things. “Secretary call secretary and set things up.”
“Apparently, he had some sort of nervous breakdown and quit the firm.” Dean says, clawing at Cas’s couch now. “Left his wife, too. Dropped off the map, and no one from his former life heard a
“My folks were kind with everything except my name.” He closed his notepad, leaning back in his seat for a better look at her. “What should I call you?”
Mia bit her tongue, protest visible in her eyes. Buddy readied another blow, but stopped midway when Jack interrupted with a healthy cry. “Well fuck,” he said, as if noticing Jack for the first time, “you’ve done and woke up the baby… happy?”
He then circles that last word until the ballpoint pokes through the other side and marks his palm. Hissing, Cas checks the accidental swipe. Blue ink and nothing else.
Dean follows, saving his protests for when they reach Cas’s bug. “Rainbow?” he asks, shoving, “That the best you could come up with?”
As expected, Ketch looks on his last nerve. Steady as a rock while dancers knocked against him, undisturbed. Wearing a jacket and, from what he sees, a cravat. More prepared for a night at home than this. At least Mick did some research. Only recognizing him because of his proximity to the other man, face obscured by oversized sunglasses and a bad afro wig that leaves a sour taste in Cas’s mouth. They don’t notice him, shouting at each other over the music. But given their attendance, Cas doubts he can evade them forever.
“A card?” Cas asks, flipping the envelope back and forth, “Dean… you didn’t have to get me anything.”
He blames it on the other authors. Before he never would have believed there was anything more but after reading one story… then the next… and sifting through passionate discourse giving logical evidence to the fact, Jack couldn’t deny it.
Dean smiles, one not catalogued in Cas’s mind. He looks years younger, resembling the boy in the ancient photograph better. Unburdened by life, lost in a blissful reel of memories.
“It’s not like we can exactly advertise it as such,” Billie shrugs, “if we put it out there that we were hosting an
In that moment, a shred of memory wriggles up from the Earth and saves Cas from this confrontation. He plucks it, offering his excuse as a token of peace. “Actually, that
Sam, once more, ignored Dean’s strange behavior in favor of continuing his line of questioning. “If it’s not your assistant then it has to be a patient. Is there anyone you’ve seen lately who might have been… off? Maybe they were acting differently than you might remember?”
He tried wrapping an arm around her, but she shoved him off the bench they sat on. Standing, Janet gathered up her bag. "I helped
“’Bout to ask you the same thing,” Dean starts, gesturing to him and Cas, “because see me and Cas here were talking on the way back and not a lot made sense this morning… look, if you wanted to start another prank war –“
Castiel blushes, unsure what he means. Before he could ask, though, Dean slips into a hole and into the ship. Not comfortable with letting Dean out of his sight, Castiel ventures inside the wreckage himself.
He rolls his eyes and presses the receiver against his temple. “Fine,” he admits, “I need to speak to Claire. Is she in?”
“I heard you.” Meg sighs through the intercom, Cas imagining the added breathiness. “But, listen, I’m in no mood for our usual game, dig? I’ve got a deadline to meet in an hour, and I’m still three-hundred words short. I either get it done or miss this week’s print.”
Sam winced, shrugging in response. He tried tagging Dean in, to help explain, but his brother had a faraway gleam in his eye that matched his childish pout. Sam realized he was on his own for now. “After I was born, she… she left,” Sam told her, “Without a trace one night. My dad he… it devastated him, broke him in some way that he couldn’t get past. Like, up until he died, he refused to believe she left him like that,
Her eyes dart from him to Dean, bouncing like a beach ball over a net. Spiked, it landed on Cas. “It wasn’t me,” she tells him, “I… they always said it was a necessary part of the ritual, but even when I believed I… it never seemed right.”
She rubs at her neck, grip tightening on Claire. His niece lays her hand over Kaia’s, petting scabbed knuckles. “Your friend… if he drank the punch, then it’s the right idea getting out of here. I… there were people, earlier, who spiked it with some pretty heavy stuff. You should find him before anyone
In a rare twist of fate, Cas’s preparation seems moot. Not long after he left Kelly and her ruffled feathers make an appearance. She packs into her car and leaves while Cas readied a joint, the flame of the lighter flickering, licking at the grass nub when Kelly disappears from sight. He drops the lighter with a curse; the joint, too, in his haste.
Kelly’s hand trembles, but her resolve stays firm. “When Jack and I did talk… and I mean actually talk, about our days and how we were feeling, before it all went cross-eyed, he… he mentioned you. Quite a lot. The time you two spent together meant a lot to him, and I’m hoping you felt the same. Because the police? Jack isn’t anyone special to them. He’s one out of a million kids checking off boxes on a standardized list for teenage rebellion. So no, I don’t think you’ll have a better chance than them. I believe you actually
A couple were sitting under a storm cloud as their discussion turned into an argument. Feigning disinterest, Cas listened while passing them. The one making a fuss, a tiny white girl with blunt bangs and a colorful shift dress, stomped in her Mary Janes while practically yelling, “Fucking Pellegrino can take his exam and shove it up his puckered asshole!”
me?” Dean whips around, eyes wide in condemnation for raising his voice. Causing a scene. Drawing attention to them.
Dean opened his mouth, about to explain that he was dishing some serious parental law and wisdom. Except Jack hurriedly interrupted, rushing to speak first. “I have no idea,” he told them, “I was explaining TikTok to Dean, and suddenly he starts ranting about how it’s a homophobic platform?”
“She’s still in her room.” He glances between them, expression worsening with each second. “Would you and your
With one phone call, Cas debated whether he should call for a lawyer or a ride. If the former, Crowley would expect payment in a fashion Cas felt uncomfortable giving. Keeping the situation close and closed, Cas opted instead for Andy. Leaving a message with Bobby at his usual hang to pass along. In hindsight, he should have told the younger man a bit more.
He crosses the street, and so does Cas – albeit on the other side. Watches him while barreling through pedestrians going the other way as if he were a salmon swimming upstream. Cas ignores disgruntled men and women while keeping an eye on the other man. Studies the careful way his hat protects from getting a good look at his face, and the stiff gait he walks with. Like he traversed through rotted sewers instead of a regular Los Angeles city street. Whoever Cas followed did not seem accustomed to the usual blindness that struck after facing the same oddness day-after-day. He nearly runs over a man lazing near a hydrant, Cas thankful that the angle showcases the cleanness of his jaw and its heavy scowl he presents threateningly at his obstacle.
Castiel tunes back into the conversation as Dean waxes on about something called ‘flannel’. His eyes blink heavily, and his tail struggles to propel himself forward. Dean shoots past him unknowingly. It’s a beat before Dean swims back wearing a concerned frown.
High noon. Cas and Dean on either end of a small town, their guns raised and ready. Sun boiling both of them, frying the two men like eggs in a pan. Neither breaking a sweat, nor willing to cede. The smallest of flinches could set off a chain reaction that would end poorly. Cas suffers greatly mimicking a statue, Dean’s pursed lips too tempting given their proximity.
Cas snorted too roughly, nostrils burning. Embarrassment crept up after his unbidden amusement when noticing the genuine curiosity on Dean’s face. “Really? You saw how they treated me a few minutes ago.”
Dean snorts, “Then give me some Pepto and we’ll call it a day.” Another pinch. This time his knee jerks, foot jumping into the air. “Can you quit it?”
Eve scoffs, “Working man, through and through.” She takes a long, first drag off her cigarette, blowing the smoke through a tiny puncture in her lips. “Come, we can do the interview on the terrace.”
Circling a low point, Cas sends a last-minute prayer into the universe begging for a sign. She answers with blinding speed, his eyes catching on a little smudge. It bleeds through the box’s edge and muddies the overall image, except peering closely Cas recognizes the wilting shapes of a flower’s petals.
Charles swings his trident close to Dean, spurring Castiel into action. He swims over to them, only to be blocked by a wall of guards. Two grab him by the arms, leaving him struggling for freedom.
Jack, frozen in his seat, stared at Dean with concern shining in his comically wide eyes. “What are you talking about, Dean?”
“Unlikely.” He twisted, rolling away from her and onto his side. Mary shouldered the rifle, looking from him to the others around the fire.
He drags Cas off the lawn and pushes him away from Kelly’s house, reading him his Miranda rights all the while. Cas tunes Dean out, instead studying the area around them. A woman from the next house dashes the curtains across the window, too slow for Cas’s gaze. He saw her, and bets she was the one who called the police. Then he briefly glances at his car, saddened he will be abandoning her in such a square town.
. Almost broke my bobby picking this lock…” Claire taps her chin, thinking. “You could try the bathrooms?”
They could be lost in the personas Jack crafted for them. The test, what was meant to solve his problems, could have caused more than he realized. There were noticeable changes in his family every time he wrote, but there's no reason why the outlandish choices Jack made will have long-lasting effects. And if the 'crack' he wrote did seriously change his fathers, then Jack would have to try again with a 'fix-it' story. Taking away more of their freedom.
Dean shrugs. “I mean, yeah he was gone. But something told me he didn’t go far. Again. And I was right when those Feds rolled in.”
“Well the flow of information is tiny where I live, what with how so much is kept under wraps I am not surprised the success of Zymcka’s Frozen Home Meals is not more known.” Cas squeezes the file in his lap, transitioning into the real reason for his visit. “And it applies both ways. I did not understand real power of American investment until I read article by company founder – Dick Roman.” Ted’s face shuddered briefly at the name, Cas smiling despite himself. “Is he here? I would very much like to get his signature. My wife, she will be very impressed!”
He laughed, stalling while the loose threads of his plan reform. “Y’see, I’m a reporter for the Los Angeles times and, well – I was given the greenlight for this project. Charting the path of the Investment Prince. Your uh… former spouse, for a new book. It’s my first longform project like this, and I have all these secondary sources but I think if I were to have a conversation with Dick or someone who knew him it –“
« It was so great. We should go again some day, Dad. I’d love to ride again, you know? » Chadwick said, looking at him with begging eyes.
Chadwick looked at Castiel and smiled. He was about to confess Castiel had helped him but the latter gave him a « don’t say anything » look.
« That you love him, Dean. Nothing less, nothing more. You’ll see, words will then flow easily...» She put a hand on his cheek « Castiel loves you... He’ll understand... If he’s to come to you and be able to love you, you gotta tell him how you feel ».
The latter wondered whether he’d be ready one day. The simplest gesture towards Castiel, his friend…his lover… Dean didn’t even knew how he was supposed to name him.
« You’re damn right, honey. This kid is living with a depressed mother and an alcoholic father, you could say he has mitigating circumstances »
The family gathered around the living room coffee table: the room was filled with laughters, screams, cross talks : and of course, the dog subject came up for discussion one more time.
« I’d like to point out that I don’t make a living with my gorgeous body only, unlike certain people like to imagine » he argued with a wink at Dean.
Dean answered by looking at him with a look filled with tenderness for the celestial being who loved the human he was… He leaned in on the lips of his angel for another kiss, this one deeper, to taste the other. Taste the desperate love…
They eventually entered a clothes store where the whole family would find what they needed. Dean went to one side with Chadwick, to the men department while Castiel, pulled away by the arm by Jewel, found himself in the girls section.
" Hello Kevin... It’s been a while . How are you doing ? I hope your wife and kids are doing fine? "
He went upstairs and Dean started to put order in the room. He let the dog out in the garden for a quick walk.
Castiel couldn’t help but laugh. Madison was indeed a fresh breath of air in his life, she was the neutral outsider who made him see things in a different way.
Things would get back to normal the next day, but now Dean knew Castiel had never ceased to love him, from the very first day, their very first look.
« I’m fine... » Dean straightened his back. « Kids, would you please leave us for a moment, I need to talk to Castiel » he asked with a smile.
Castiel was sitting on the armrest, holding a mug of hot chocolate, and he couldn’t help but smile at the children’s happy impatience.
On the threshold of the house stands Naomi, crammed into her eternal black suit, the haughty port, two suitcases at her feet.
« He’ll meet us there. In the meantime the girls can change and it will be… » He hardly had time to finish his sentence when Jewel interrupted him
"Don’t worry ... you’ve got your father’s charm… I’m sure she’ll give in pretty soon.” Balty added with a wink. "Just don’t talk to her about Western movies, ZZ Top and Cinderella," he added, trying not to laugh.
“Oh, Pumpkin, I’m unforgivable,” he leaned to kiss him but Kevin turned away. “I swear I didn’t mean any harm... I thought that guy was straight… It was for the fun of it.”
"Fuck him... I will not stop going out with MY family just because some brainless morons think we are a couple, goddammit! " he pointed at themselves.
Castiel stepped closer and kissed those lips he knew like the back of his hand, pulling Balty into his embrace.
Dean hadn’t shown up since he had left like a tornado... As he was preparing the coffee pot, Castiel ran the events of the previous day in his head, over and over again… All had been said, almost...
Dean walked again closer ; everything in his bearing showed clumsiness and fear, yet he refused to let go, he never wanted to let go of this man, ever again. He refused to silence the need he felt for this body against his, even if it scared the hell out of him... He faced Castiel and put a shaking hand on the other’s hip, leaning towards him. Castiel let out a moan, rubbing his forehead in Dean’s neck.
Castiel nodded that he didn’t. He pinched the bridge of his nose and leaned his elbow on the door, against the window, holding the wheel with one hand..
« What are you trying to tell me, Lisa ? » he frowned, lost in her eyes. « Spit it out! I can see you’re dying to do so! » he said in a cold tone, his face like stone.
« He particularly enjoys foreplay, intimate caresses and a good blow job to end the round » he started to laugh again. « But don’t ever say I told you, or he’ll kill me » he laughed some more as he saw Dean’s expression of total dismay.
He carefully stepped next to the snowman, put on the hat, adjusting the strap at the front. He had to push the bandana in the man, as it was too short to go around. He planted the banana at the basis of the trunk, leaving out nothing but the rounded tip.
He was sipping his fifth beer when the front door opened. Castiel’s voice sounded strangely cold and Zeke’s sounded desperate… A bit annoyed too.
Whatever other people might think, they were happy together and no one, nothing would ever change that....
Castiel had left a message to apologize for having tactlessly cancelled their lunch the day before and to ask whether they were still OK to meet that day.
« If... If... If I were attracted to a man… such as him… I wouldn’t wait another minute » he said quickly before literally running away from them.
« Hey, gimme a break, will ya? » Dean was really upset, his t-shirt was sticky because of the sweat. The sun had reached its zenith, the temperature had reached about 90°F.
« For the moment, nothing, as far as I know… They’re just… friends » he said, feeling heartbroken and pushing Lisa’s hands away.
Balty... Dean had presumed he was still at Bryan’s... This Bryan guy seemed to take a greater place in the compulsive chaser’s life.
« You know I’d do anything for you… Let me have a coffee and I’ll start cooking » he replied as he sat down.
But Dean's delicate hands healing his back, bruised by the swift, only reinforces what has become a certainty for him: his homosexuality.
But when she told him she loved him, he had looked at her and understood he could never say the words in return. Tessa’s face was haunting him.
"Now, Casanova, go on and change so that we can pay for it all" Dean ruffled his hair, pushing him towards the changing room.
That very evening, Dean had allowed himself to be approached by a woman with advantageous forms. Castiel had said nothing, he had just sat on this stoop.
As soon as they drove under the big wooden portal with the sign « Black Horse », somehow the ambiance changed in the car… They entered a new world… There was a lasting amazed smile on Dean’s face as he looked at the valley in front of them. The kids were staring through the window, admiring the giant cactus trees along the road and the endless stretches of green.
Dean starts to move again, thrusting up into Jensen’s mouth and Jensen relaxes his throat, taking him deeper, wanting to  feel the tip of Dean’s dick hitting the back of his throat. Somewhere, in the thick, heady fog of his mind, Jensen realizes something.
“Well if it were me,” Dean says, taking a seat at the table and opening the take out food bag, “I would’ve been out of those things in no time.”
Jensen turns to Cas and - uh oh. Cas is looking down at the table in front of them, the remains of the spell Jensen had used to go to Cas and Dean’s world still covering it.
, moves closer to Jensen, with a look on his face that makes Jensen feel like something sitting in a petri dish in a lab somewhere.
It only takes a few minutes for Cas to return, and Jensen is startled again when the angel suddenly appears with no warning other than the faint sound of wings fluttering.  Dean is still outside.
, but it was kind of a nice break from all this crap.” Dean pauses for a moment before letting out a small chuckle. “Especially for Sammy.”
Jensen thinks for a moment, “Um...yeah actually. He gave me this bracelet.” Jensen carefully removes the woven leather band from his wrist and gives it to Cas.
Jensen feels a blush start to rise in his cheeks. Dean doesn’t seem to notice. “So uh, Sam says he and Bobby can’t figure out how you got here, or how to send you back.”
Jensen lowers his body over Dean, draws the scruff of his cheek down Dean’s stomach, and tongues the strip of skin above his dick. He continues further down, kissing and sucking the skin at the base of Dean’s cock, before taking Dean firmly in his hand, slicking his dick with the spit left there by his messy, open kisses. Jensen gently strokes him, all the way up, all the way back down. Dean moans and Jensen looks up in time to see Dean's head flop back against the headboard of the bed, Dean’s jaw clenching and unclenching as his body starts to jerk, pumping into Jensen’s hand.
He opens his eyes, but he can’t see much aside from the gun in his face; there’s a rough hand gripping his collar firmly.  He’s sitting, crumpled on the floor with his back against a wall.  He blinks as his pupils adjust to the dimness of his surroundings.
. Well why not? It’s the middle of the night and he can’t sleep in the stiff, uncomfortable bed in the only hotel he can afford right now, due to the whole credit card situation. One of his cards isn’t even maxed out, the bank just put a hold on it because some hacker tried to buy something from a holy reliquary.
There’s bright purple light and a loud whooshing noise, and for a moment Jensen feels like he’s been caught up in a tornado. But then he feels the ground, firm against his feet again.
“Remember, Dean,” Sam says, brows working as he pieces it together, “Last week, Balthazar sent us to that other world? Our lives were a TV show. The guy who played you was called Jensen Ackles.”
, Jensen remembers from the Tumblr tags.  Dean eventually gained Endverse!Dean’s trust by sharing personal information, something only Dean would know. Rhonda Hurley. Somehow, Jensen doubts that sharing his own deep dark secrets will win him any favor with Dean.
“What do you mean you ‘can’t figure out how he did it’? He got here somehow, just -!” Dean cuts off abruptly, seeming to listen for a moment, he’s slightly calmer when he responds. “Yeah, yeah, fine. Okay. Bye.” He tosses his phone down on the bed with a huff before casting a glare at Jensen.
“Oh.” Dean says, the look on his face telling Jensen that Dean hadn’t realized he was awake. Dean knuckles at the nape of his neck, right near the spot Jensen had caressed so softly night before.
“Busy, angel war, yeah, I know. But I’m kinda at a loss here, man. I need some help. I don’t even know how he got here, I thought that his world was a mojo free zone.”
For the first time Dean looks at him with the tiniest bit of softness. “Look man, no offense, but I don’t really wanna walk around town with my clone, okay? That might - I don’t know - give the locals the creeps.” The annoyance in his tone has been slightly downgraded to a tinge of inconvenience.
Dean looks up and walks across the room to Jensen, glancing back over his shoulder at Cas more than once.  Cas meets his eyes every single time, something passing between them.  “Yeah, what’s up?”
That’s a weird thing to think about someone who is, in a way, an extension of yourself, but Jensen can’t help it. He turns back to the tv in an attempt to refocus his attention. He’s immediately distracted again by the rise and fall of Dean’s shoulder against his own as Dean breathes. The slight shake that moves through Dean and into the bed as he laughs.
“So I’m just supposed to just wait here, then?” Jensen asks, a last ditch effort to come along, the script notes rising to the forefront of his imagination. He knows Dean won’t trust him alone. Especially with all of his stuff.
“You know,” Jensen figures if he’s gonna broach the subject, now’s as good a time as any, “I used to have the biggest crush on David when I first saw this movie.”
Something about being this close a celestial being while in nothing but his skivvies doesn’t sit too well with Jensen.
, Jensen realizes with a pang of disappointment.  He retrieves his own shirt and underwear from the crumpled pile on the floor, puts them on, and climbs into bed. Alone.
“You lied to Dean and Sam.” Cas says very matter of factly, although a small tinge of disapproval manages to bleed through in his tone.
Jensen and Cas are standing back in Jensen’s hotel room, so much nicer than the one they’d just been in with Dean.
“Oh.” Dean makes a face Jensen knows well, the ‘Dean Winchester’s gotten caught saying something he wasn’t supposed to’ face. “Well, I uh… I don’t know for
Jensen watches on, feeling invisible, as Dean and Cas stare at each other, just a little too intensely and for just a bit too long.
Sam reaches his hands out, patting the air towards Dean in a calming gesture, “Dean, okay, okay, relax, it’s just a TV show. Focus.”
Refusing to let himself become more distracted, Jensen steadily slides himself further down the bed, his body still pressed against Dean’s. He fumbles with Dean's shirt, pushing it out of the way to expose the flesh of Dean’s chest and abdomen, desperate to see and feel more skin, more of Dean. It seems that Dean himself is not disagreeable, as he pulls his flannel and t-shirt off in one frantic movement. Jensen rakes his eyes up and down Dean’s body, noticing that Dean is slightly more muscular where Jensen is lean, and that while both men share the same smattering of tiny freckles, on Dean’s skin they are joined by faint pink scars.
“So,” Dean says, not seeming to notice Jensen’s extreme efforts to keep from hurling, “do you, you know... remember anything from that week Sam and I were in your world? You and uh...” Dean snaps his fingers, indicating that he doesn’t remember and wants Jensen to fill in.
Jensen’s mind suddenly conjures up frightful images of himself and Castiel digging up Misha's body in the dead of night.
“Well, what is he doing here?” Cas sounds like an exasperated parent asking their child why there are toys all over the living room floor.
Jensen’s hips begin to thrust faster, craving more friction, grinding in rhythm with the movements of Dean's hand. Dean tilts his head up to look at Jensen, eyes dark, and Jensen seizes Dean's mouth in his, rough and filthy, it’s lips and tongues and a little teeth, and all he can think about is Dean’s body on his.
Jensen untangles himself semi-reluctantly from Dean’s grip.  Dean seems confused, his lips part as if to ask a question, Jensen gently puts a finger over Dean’s mouth,
“It’s um, Ack-” Jensen starts to say weakly, as Dean pulls Sam to the other side of the room, Jensen can just barely hear what they’re saying from where he remains, still sitting on the floor, holding a rag to his bleeding arm.
Dean gets up from the bed and reaches for his jacket. He’s got it on and is halfway to the door before he turns to look at Jensen, who had started standing up to follow him.
Jensen untangles himself from the damp fabric and kicks the sheet to the floor before checking his phone.  It's full of messages and tweets from people still wondering what the hell was up with him last week.
Jensen, slowly, languidly grinds his crotch into Dean’s like he’s just testing this out, like it’s an experiment - and
Jensen tries to ignore the feeling that runs through his body at the sound of those words, and at the feel of Dean’s hands on his wrists.
of spell books.” Dean looks pained while contemplating his options, but eventually agrees to stay with Jensen.
Jensen quickly yanks his pants from the floor and dresses in the bathroom, as Dean clears off the small table where they had dinner the night before. He tosses Jensen a spare travel toothbrush, and goes to get a few things out of the Impala, after mentioning that he remembers most of the spell Balthazar used to send him and Sam to Jensens world, and that Cas is probably using a similar one.
Jensen feels Dean’s hands slide between their bodies to undo Jensen’s pants, tugging them down his hips slightly, exposing his pulsing erection.
Sam leaves, and Dean and Jensen are alone. This is something that shouldn’t make Jensen feel nervous, but it does.
with all of the names in your world, man?!  But yeah - I never even saw her, hand to God.” Dean raises his hand up in the air for a moment as if to emphasize his point.
Dean, still keeping his grip on Jensen, turns to face his brother. “Actor? What are you talking about?”
Jensen takes his mouth off Dean’s for a moment to pull  his shirt over his head with one arm, and when he does Dean freezes, his eyes moving over Jensen’s lightly toned arms and then drifting over to his torso, fixating on Jensen’s chest, on the spot where Dean's tattoo would be. Dean stays motionless for only a moment before slowly running his hand up from its position on Jensen's leg, over Jensen’s thigh, higher and higher past the waist of Jensen’s jeans, grazing it over his stomach. And now Dean is touching his skin, and Jensen is going to burst.
Dean turns to look at him, clearly caught off guard by Jensen's sudden admission, “Wh - what?” He asks. Dean looks surprised, confused, and maybe a little keen. “But uh.. Don’t you have a wife? I mean you’re not…”
"What's going on?" He shifts uncomfortably. It's dark in the car, and looking out the window behind Dean, he can see stars in the sky.
“So uh...” Jensen starts out tentatively, unsure how Dean will respond, “I know you were... Upset, about Cas not being on the show anymore. I, um, see now how much the real Cas means to you - “ Jensen pauses there because Dean’s eyebrows are furrowed, and he thinks there’s a chance Dean might deck him.
The faint sound of fluttering wings fills the room, signaling Cas’ departure, but Jensen barely notices it as he watches the light go out.
Thankfully, Dean bursts in a second later, clapping Cas on the shoulder affectionately, and they easily slip into their regular rapport.
“Uh.. “ Jensen mumbles out quietly, “I’m gonna go..” He gestures to his stomach, then motions  to the bathroom. Dean nods.
Castiel rolls his eyes, the expression much harder when directed towards Jensen instead of Dean. “Well, do me a favor?  Don’t ‘play around’ anymore.” He actually uses his fingers to do the quotations, and Jensen is reminded of  Misha again.
In a move that surprises them both, Dean sucks Jensen’s fingertip over his lips and into his mouth, caressing the pad of it firmly with his tongue. Jensen grunts, struggling to focus,
Jensen stares at him, dumbfounded. Cas shrugs. “Neither of you are very adept at speaking quietly.”  He looks at Dean again with a slight roll of his eyes. “And I
Sam rolls his eyes at his brother’s dramatics, but seems to consider his words, “Look Dean, I hear what you’re saying, but why would he lie? What would be the point?”
Jensen watches as Dean's posture relaxes a little, his head bowing just a bit, his eyes sliding shut, hands loosely working at his sides. This is Dean praying to Castiel. The look on Dean's face surprises Jensen - it’s so much more open and intimate than it was at any point last night.
healthy, Jensen picks up the burger Dean pushes across the table to him. He can tell Dean's patience is already wearing thin, and Jensen’s played Dean on the show long enough to know that Dean’s almost at his limit. He discreetly shoves the patty further back so he gets a mouthful of just bun and cheese.  Even still, it takes everything he has not to gag at the lingering taste of meat.
“Well, the sooner we figure this out and get him back to where he came from the better. We can get back to hunting down Eve, and you won't have to worry about him.” Sam sounds more and more exasperated by Dean’s annoyance.
Dean’s breath blows hot as he exhales right above the sensitive curve of Jensen’s ear, and he feels the quick, heavy rise and fall of Dean’s chest against his own. Dean’s flannel shirt is rough on Jensen’s skin, creating more friction, more heat. He slips his hand fully under the waistband of Dean’s briefs and begins stroking him, hand circling his dick under the fabric, tugging Dean loose and slow.
.  Jensen squirms uncomfortably, wondering if Cas understands why the room is in the state that it is, and hoping he doesn’t.
Jensen does as he’s told, pulling Dean’s jeans and boxers off as quickly as he can, before tossing them on the floor and returning to his position between Dean’s legs. Jensen's dick twitches into the blanket, thrusting of its own accord, the scratchy polyester a poor substitute for the warmth of Dean’s skin, but it’ll do for now while Jensen focuses on this.
“Well,” he says finally, “I suppose it’s possible that by us crossing over into that world, some of the cosmic energy from this world bled into that one, a kind of a magical spillover that altered that reality slightly, creating a seismic type of shift that allowed - “ Dean cuts off Cas’ rambling explanation.
Dean was sitting straight on his pony, his feet dragging on the ground… Castiel started to laugh with the children, as well as Mark and Garth. The latter’s odd sense of humor was a gift making everybody relax....
Castiel raised an eyebrow, apparently not getting the reference... Dean burst out laughing and kissed him again, gently.
Madison, as a silent witness, a woman who had supported Castiel when he thought all was lost… the one who, somehow, had saved them both.
"Stay there," Bobby orders. "Ellen, untie the pinata. The legs are still full of candy. ", rekindling the excitement among the young guests.
"No ... .I’m going to stay here for a while ... I entrust you with Cass ... Take good care of him " he smiled fondly.
« Hilarious, for sure » Dean mumbled as he went out of their bedroom, which made Jewel and her brother laugh even louder.
« We often went camping, we used to love it, just the two of us. Moments for ourselves. » he let out a long sigh.
« Don’t worry, you’re not bothering… I’ll show you how to properly restore your session. So if it happens again in the future, you’ll be able to... »
« I sure hope so too… But first, I gotta find the courage to tackle the subject » he replied, kissing her hair.
"There's no soul in this computer stuff" he grumbled every time. "Nothing like a good old Disney or a good old western ... . "
« Cass ? ... I didn’t know you could ride. » Dean couldn’t hide his surprise as he looked away from Balty. « You never told me ! »
« Who would’ve thought? » He nodded his head gently. « Now that I have acknowledged this » he looked through the window, « How am I supposed to tell you? I’m not good with words and I must admit, I’m scared to death... »
« He means a lot to me, that’s for sure, and he always will... We shared 7 years together but… with you, it’s different » he put a finger under his chin and forced his companion to look at him.
« I’ll take care of it » Dean answered, giving him a kiss in turn, a long one, with a hand on his cheek. « Good night, Cass »
« Laugh it up ! You know what ? You’ll take care of it because I certainly won’t. Out of the question! Got it?»
« I don’t wanna punch you out, Deanie, but if I remember correctly, you told me you are supposed to fetch the kids at school »
Dean wasn’t the man to show his grieves in any way, even with the closest family members. Since always... The only time when Jo saw her brother cry was when his mother died; and even then, he had taken refuge in the cellar, hiding his tears so that nobody would see him...
« Have you ever contemplated you might gain more than expected...? Did it occur to you that, beyond your apprehensions, you could find some balance and pleasure in it…? We’re talking about Cass, remember… Castiel, and not some stranger you had a crush on in the street ».
« How many times did we tell you to buy new ones ? » he said, following Castiel to the door of the newly-arranged laundry room.
« I now understand why you’re so attached to this family… Just looking at you together and… » she smiled. « You’re magical… I love you already » she grabbed the salad bowl and walked out of the kitchen, shouting:
When Castiel joined him, Dean was clinging to the pommel, trying not to fall, shaken like a plain bag on the saddle.
Dressed in a small dark gray trench coat, linen pants and a white shirt, Castiel looks like a little man that he is not.
" But if you and your sister are... " he rested his chin in his son’s neck. " Then I’m... " He closed his eyes, overwhelmed by a weve of powerful emotions all of a sudden.
« I just told you he loves you, so what? I don’t think I was the only one to have noticed, dixit Lisa... And I’d like to point out I never met the guy and I hardly know the one in front of me who comes whining during my pancake lunch : so if I’m able to draw this kind of conclusion with very few elements, what about those who’ve known you since the beginning?» she crossed her arms on her chest.
« I did. But Santa is gonna reimburse me when he comes to Bobby’s » he replied very seriously, glancing at his father.
At the end of the movie, they looked at each other for a long while. Then Dean leaned over and kissed him.
Santa Claus finally managed to get up but Santa’s wife, carried away by the momentum, couldn’t stop on time and knocked off the security agent who clung to Santa Claus in a desperate attempt to regain his balance.
"It’s beautiful ... I visited it with a friend of mine, an archaeologist, two or three years ago ... The children are gonna love it and so are you, for sure ... It's full of dinosaurs, you'll feel in your element"
All that time, Meg remains faithful to her unicorn. Yet she knows Clarence will never be his. She knows the nature of his doubts and torments. She knows who his unicorn is, even though this one refuses to see the obviousness, hanging around a Cassie who has become the only person allowed to break his personal space.
« If you knew M. Wyart, you wouldn’t ask ; this guy is a total jerk, owing his post to his longevity in the school. He’s got a disciplinary history as long as my arm»
« And he wouldn’t have had all these friends to help him with all the money at the end » she said with sparkles in her eyes.
He had come home late in the afternoon, serving the excuse he had spent the day with old class mates, even though it was just a lie...
Castiel had put the pie in the oven, lowering the temperature at 375°F and programmed a duration of about 30 minutes.
" Of the century ? " He couldn’t believe it. " I’ll show you who the worst rider is " he grabbed the rope, feeling insulted." The last one down there will be on laundry duty for a whole month "
They drove the rest of the way home in silence…Jewel’s head was leaning against the window…Castiel was holding the wheel real tight…
Dean was in awe. It was an old model but he could tell at a glance that she was maintained and cherished...
They bickered, spoke to one another, without any order, as if all were in their place, as if this family suddenly had grown without questions asked, in the most natural way. Jared felt directly integrated just like Bryan.
« Hello... Please excuse my poor outfit, I came straight from a party organized by my godfather, I should say my mentor... » He extended a hand towards Dean « I don’t usually dress up as Edward » He smiled although it seemed obvious he was feeling uncomfortable.
« I got into more arguments than I can think of with my best friends… Oh yes, I may not seem like it but I can be a real nasty one… Anyway… I quarreled up to the point of no return and I swear to God I never thought I’d have to make out to beg them to stay with me.... This is what I reserve to my beloved when we knock each other about... »
Castiel let Balty love him and when he reached his own climax, something broke down deep inside, he didn’t scream, he just allowed one tear run down his face.
Chadwick’s expression was hardened ; although he was very impatient to see Castiel, he had a hard time letting go of his fear… He hated hospitals, they had stolen his mom and now, he feared they would take away Castiel as well.
Somehow, this thought was cutting through his soul because it was a little truth he refused to acknowledge.
"Where are you getting at? You don’t want people to see us together, it that it? ... Damn, that beats everything, you're the homosexual who can’t take it anymore and I’m the hetero who copes for the both of us ... I don’t believe it!! "
« What the hell happened ? » Dean was begging for an answer. « Nobody told me anything. I’ve been cooling my heels and nobody would tell me squat ». Dean sounded really pissed and useless.
« I... » He raised his eyes, staring at the ceiling for a moment before wiping his hands on kitchen paper. « Me and Cass » he heaved a long sigh.
« Dammit, Cass… If you only knew… To hear them like that is a real torture for me » he laughed, although he was feeling extremely nervous.
« I apologize for showing some concern for your well-being » he said, raising his voice. « It’s not like we’ve been friends for ages, right ?» Dean stood up. He felt obviously offended.
Dean held her tight against her and kissed her. Apache sat between Castiel’s legs, waving his tail in contentment.
Castiel accepted his orientation and thus, didn’t feel the obligation to advertise in order to validate himself.
“It’s Balty’s ways ... He is impulsive, direct ... He never calculates anything, let alone when it comes to sex"
« Getting bored shitless, as every year» Castiel started to laugh. « More seriously, it’ll be the occasion to meet my old friends from high school and sleep till all hours» he said, pulling himself together.
« ‘Night, Cass... And thanks again for everything» Dean’s voice was tainted with tenderness when he looked at him.
They were all gathered around the breakfast table when Balty made an entrance, dressed in a plain white singlet and black skin-thight shorts, waving his mobile phone over his head.
"NOTHING... I just asked him to come living with us as if you so kindly suggested it" Dean snaps, standing in the middle of the living room.
Timidly, he grabs the handle, the fingers of his free hand clenched on the fabric of his trousers. Karen's smile reassures him.
She carried a torch for Castiel and for a long time thought she could change his orientation… To her grand disappointment, she had to make do with being friend rather than his lover.
" Are you aware you’re talking to your father. We shouldn’t even have this conversation at all. This world’s gone crazy. You should rather tell me about that girlfriend of yours, you know, the dancer "
« What’s the matter, Son ? I can see something’s troubling you. The dark circles around your eyes are bigger than Kansas.»
« When… when… » he nervously ran his hand I his hair, « When we go too far… When I feel we could actually…. I chicken and run » he leaned on the table and heard Balty heaved a long sigh.
He stared at the dark stone… The earth was still lose, the headstone leaned to the side… It had been laid too soon, because of the rush, because of grief… To never come back here again…
" You know, Dad " his son interrupted him as Dean looked up, "... Even it feels weird to see you… together like… well, you and him… Jewel and I " Dean didn’t react, " ...you don’t have to worry. We think it’s OK, to see you two like this " He smiled and left.
« I changed my mind. Why don’t you try to make me scream ? » he said as he planted a butterfly kiss on his lips.
« Maybe he got out for a walk? » Bobby finally said, somewhat reassured to see the car still parked.
Probably because of you watching me via the reflection of the window while you pretended to look out the landscape go by.
« Give me a hug and your most beautiful smile » Castiel couldn’t help but smile, looking at the empty space the lost tooth had left the day before.
Dogo are known to be stubborn. Yet there were also known to be extremely lovable and family-oriented.
And today she was gonna meet the famous Castiel who was so important in her lover’s life. Perhaps he would let go a little afterwards. Perhaps he would finally feel more comfortable with her.
« A ranch ? » Chadwick said real loud, then suddenly his face lightened up. « You mean, for real, with horses ? »
Castiel put the candies away in a big bowl. Then, he sat down, stretched his legs and put his hat on the table.
« Don’t become addicted to that, okay, Cass ? I sure don’t wanna bring back a junkie back home» He was smiling but his eyes reflected nothing but pain.
The professor was standing next to the piano and speaking with a mother whom Castiel has seen sometimes. He wasn’t exchanging a lot with other parents, only with Megan, the mother of Marissa, one of Jewel’s friends.
"Who?" Dean replies, pulling his chair next to his brother's one, tired features by his short night.
Castiel turned around again and listened to Jewel...His heart sank... He knew that day would come… He had just hoped.
« So am I » Dean shut the trunk. « C’mon, boy » he whistled Apache that had relieved himself against a tree.
Dean liked Castiel’s discretion and in return he enjoyed the fact that Dean regarded him as a friend, a man and not an abomination of nation as his deceased father had claimed…
"Nothing AT ALL... He just lit up like a Christmas tree before taking off", crossing his arms in turn.
"Oh, shit! " Ash says stuned. "Where the hell is our Castiel? What the hell is this? ", standing to the right of Dean.
« Oh you, cut it out ! We all know you love to roll in the grass, so of course you’re excited about this. I’m a city guy, a real one who loves the smell of CO² and the sound of roaring engines.» Nevertheless, Dean felt already trapped somehow.
The little notes he had put in the neighbors mailboxes had been so successful that he soon was overbooked and quite naturally he had asked Castiel to assist him.
« I don’t know… just a hunch. Have you ever thought of it ? » He seemed genuinely surprised by Balty’s reaction, as the latter had never thought of that option.
« Given your experience, I thought you would surely manage this one. It has quite a temper » Garth said, with no trace of emotion whatsoever in his voice.
She made eye contact with her brother. Obviously, both children didn’t appreciate neither Lisa’s nor Zeke’s presence.
« Please, don’t overdo it... All of you… you’re just a bunch of uneducated jerks » he crossed his arms and pouted.
